I'm working on my new book.
There is nothing I can do about that.
A Canadian teenager has discovered a lost Mayan city.
William has discovered a correlation between the location of Mayan cities and the position of stars in constellations.
Tom believes in chemtrails.
What is true love?
He is the love of her life.
She is the love of his life.
I don't know whether this is love or not (after all, who ever knows what love is?), but one thing I know for sure: I want to be with you.
Love is the answer. But while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty interesting questions.
I am living in Japan.
What is in your hands?
Is this a new photo?
Happy birthday, Muriel!
Not all scientific studies are equal.
My father is an English language teacher.
Tom is a bad driver, but he thinks that he's a good driver.
Why is everyone so mean to me?
Why are people so mean to me?
Let's make Tatoeba great again!
Let's make Tatoeba great again.
I read books aloud with great pleasure.
Is your neighbour sexy?
Is your father rich?
Is your house big?
Is your sister married?
Eat your soup, please.
Why do you never clean up after yourself?
You must rewrite this text.
I transferred ownership of the car to my spouse.
Did you take note of the telephone number?
This is a statue of Venus.
This is a statue of Saturn.
This is a statue of Pluto.
This is a statue of Neptune.
This is a statue of Mercury.
This is a statue of Minerva.
This is a statue of Jupiter.
The song of this bird is very beautiful.
The song of nightingales is very beautiful.
Mary followed me night and day.
Tom followed me night and day.
We followed you night and day.
"How long were you there?" "I was there for two days."
I was there for two days.
How many years did Alexander rule?
Alexander ruled for thirteen years.
I'm happy in here.
I'm a very careful person.
I'll probably get hammered drunk.
What will we do about it?
Australia is not Austria.
We close at p.m.
You have a fine beard.
I was stuck in traffic.
You may content yourself with what we have.
I would be glad to read the novel, but I don't have the time.
Children played around the tree.
He lives in a completely altered reality.
Our country is in serious trouble.
They're not interested in politics.
You don't need to lie.
I'm interested in buying it.
We are finally free.
Stop wasting everyone's time.
That sounds vaguely familiar.
That's happened to me many times.
The pain wouldn't go away.
There's no way we can get this done by next Monday.
Tom and Mary homeschool their daughters.
Tom and Mary kissed each other goodnight.
Tom has an interesting background.
Tom has been offered a better job.
Appearances deceive.
Be kind to all animals.
The letter has just arrived.
The bison is the national mammal of the United States.
The bison is now the national mammal of the United States.
How many died from the earthquake?
Last week a very powerful earthquake occurred in South America.
A great earthquake occurred in Rome during the reign of Tiberius.
With the exception of virtue, nothing is more excellent than friendship.
Tom and Mary haven't come yet.
Mary hasn't come yet.
It's desirable to take a picture of the goods during the review.
Be careful not to be deceived.
I had breakfast after you did.
I've got a good understanding of Islam, but I know little about the Hindu religion and its culture.
He's forcing me to decide.
Why can't you ask her for forgiveness?
My knee hurts when I bend it.
She should take my advice.
Next year I'm going to America.
He cycles to school.
The museum is open from Mondays to Fridays.
I want a clear answer.
Always yield to traffic from the right.
He worked for the council.
She has her period.
He refused to close the door.
It's not about me.
It's not so bad!
Tom has co-authored three textbooks.
Tom is a very straightforward person.
Tom is definitely up to something.
Tom is planning a trip.
Tom is quite the conversationalist.
Tom isn't a professional musician.
Tom loved what he was doing.
Tom murdered his own father.
Tom needs a ride to Boston.
Tom needs to know the truth.
Are you glad about the result?
Dramatic music might be a good effect in this scene.
Finland's largest lake is Saimen, followed in second place by Päijänne.
If you haven't the energy to do the washing up, get a dishwasher.
How many eggs did mammy buy?
I'm learning Irish.
The orange is on the table.
This table is white.
I must buy a new pair of shoes.
The police are searching for an escaped prisoner.
He was very confusing.
She was very confusing.
I don't know!
We will close around p.m.
We're closing around p.m.
Next time, get your sister to come.
Marie admitted that she was a prostitute.
It seems that this time, he's telling the truth.
Is your car comfortable?
Mary says that Tom is innocent.
Tom says that Mary is innocent.
Mary is innocent.
I'm amazed that you said nothing.
I'm amazed that you didn't come.
All the people who had been condemned were killed.
Do you want to have breakfast with me?
Do you want to have lunch with me?
He paused the film and went to the toilet.
About half of everything he says is sheer fiction.
That store sells kitchen-ware.
I let the opportunity pass.
She doesn't seem very modest.
All the paintings in the room hung crooked.
Do you want a refill?
Are gasoline prices skyrocketing this summer, I wonder?
The winter schedule has arrived.
You hit the nail on the head there.
You must plug in the connector first.
I'm bursting with curiosity.
Bugs are attracted to light.
A freight train has derailed just south of Stockholm.
Hopefully he has learned from the incident.
You won't earn it in the long run.
There have been many dropouts recently.
He's known to appear sluggish.
She slammed on the brakes.
There are many different kinds of clocks, including wristwatches, wall clocks, digital watches, gold watches, cuckoo clocks, quartz watches, stopwatches, timer and tower clocks.
They tried to fire him, but he did not get the hint.
Both nocebo and placebo effects are presumably psychogenic.
Please! Please!
I love you dad.
Let's eat grandma!
Let's eat, grandma!
Three eyes see more than one.
Who is this brat?
I can't install that. I need technical assistance.
Blood cells are produced in the bone marrow.
She's a honey!
Look at those curves!
Didn't your uncle die in this house?
Didn't your brother live in this house?
I put toothpaste on my toothbrush and brush my teeth.
Decide what time you wish to stay up in the morning.
I get very tired in the morning.
It was a fun day yesterday.
You should write as nicely as you always do.
On the shore of the pond is where you can build a lighthouse, and afterwards that corner of the garden will be a cozy place for recreation.
I ate lunch earlier than you did.
He was among the first to start feeling like this.
A snowman is left in the night darkness in company with snowy stumps, boulders and anthills.
I'm looking for one of my brothers.
He closes the door and locks it.
Aardvarks dig in search of food.
This word is no longer commonly used.
This tie is very out of fashion.
Pocket dictionaries are out of fashion.
I'm looking for one of my sisters.
What the silkworm won't eat, the bug will.
Don't you know her name?
They got married couple of months ago.
We now compare that with the situation in a small town. There are less stores, restaurants and so on, and they close quite early at night. Windows and doors are closed. No other areas are found where one can go to if one doesn't want to "stay home".
We heard it was bad weather, so we decided to cancel the trip.
I prefer English.
Can you speak a little slower?
The cat catches mice.
A few events marked the transition into the 21st century.
We have a hectic week ahead of us.
Overtaking is one of the most dangerous maneuvers.
Registration is only valid after payment in advance.
The loud noise woke up the children.
Ice cream cones are made of wafer.
My mother often prepares us doughnuts for breakfast because we love them.
Confinement can drive you insane.
The rocket blast opens the celebrations.
The women paraded around seminude.
The well has long since dried up.
The media has only discussed one thing in the last few months; the economic crisis.
I couldn't rest.
Mary couldn't rest.
Tom couldn't rest.
Even the moon was jealous of her beauty.
My feet really hurt.
My foot really hurts.
I eat three times a day.
Hannibal crossed the Alps with an army.
Christians believe that God is the creator of the world.
Plants can't grow without water.
Plants can't grow without air.
No one loves you, Tom.
No one loves you, Mary.
No one loves you.
The neighbors say that Tom beats his wife.
I hope that you will come tomorrow.
I saw Tom in church today.
Do you have a sister? Who is she?
Tom said that he had never loved Mary, nor would he ever love her.
Tom said that he loved Mary and always would love her.
Tom says that he loved Mary.
Tom says that he loves Mary.
You don't even try that hard.
We ran to the fire.
He jumped to catch the ball.
A hundred and fifty people took part in a marathon.
The weatherman says a storm is coming.
I risked my life revealing this.
Could you please fix this?
Do you think you can fix this?
I pray that he makes it home safe.
Tom's explanation was very confusing.
I couldn't understand Tom's explanation.
Tom isn't very good at explaining things.
Tom pretended to be sick, so he wouldn't have to go to school.
Tom would likely try doing this some other way.
Tom used to play the piano professionally.
Tom has suggested another way to do this.
Tom's phone was disconnected last week.
You should tell Tom where to put that.
Tom's children speak French perfectly.
Tom wished he could go back to Boston.
Tom said that's what he always wanted.
Tom seemed to be having a lot of fun.
Tom's passport has been confiscated.
Tom wondered if he had been lied to.
Tom seems to be having a lot of fun.
Tom said that's what he wants to do.
Tom said he wanted to be left alone.
How long have you been in Australia?
You should tell Tom how to do that.
Tom is a very strong-minded person.
Tom's prediction was almost right.
Tom's background is in accounting.
Tom was arrested Monday afternoon.
Tom remains in critical condition.
We're going to have a lot of fun.
Tom's license has been revoked.
Tom promised to check things out.
Tom has suggested another option.
Tom's wife Mary predeceased him.
Tom's family lives in Australia.
Tom will be back in three hours.
Tom has gone away for a weekend.
I know Tom is likely to be late.
What makes you think I'm lying?
Tom's troubles aren't over yet.
Tom wears very thick glasses.
Nobody wanted to believe Tom.
It looks like Tom is leaving.
I should tell Tom everything.
I know Tom is a bank manager.
How could this happen to Tom?
Doesn't Tom have any friends?
Where could Tom possibly be?
Tom's parents weren't happy.
Tom wouldn't do it this way.
Tom worked most of his life.
Tom will find out the truth.
Tom was pretending to be me.
Tom was an exchange student.
Tom was a perfect gentleman.
Tom wanted to go to college.
Tom tried to defend himself.
Tom took part in the search.
Tom took off with the money.
Tom took off on his bicycle.
Tom thought nobody was home.
Tom thought Mary was guilty.
Tom thanked Mary for coming.
Tom taught Mary many things.
Tom shouldn't be here today.
Tom seemed a little stunned.
Tom's troubles aren't over.
Tom's car is in the garage.
Tom's behavior has changed.
Tom wants to get Mary back.
Tom wants to be left alone.
Tom seems to be very naive.
Tom seems to be a nice guy.
Tom said he was very sorry.
Tom is really stressed out.
Tom is really good-looking.
Tom is doing that for Mary.
Tom is devoted to his work.
Tom is a potential witness.
That was what Tom wanted.
Tom said that's what he's always wanted.
Please visit me tomorrow.
Could you fix this, please?
Fuck you, asshole.
You should speak with your employer.
They advocate complete abstinence.
I'm not defending that idiot.
The government has made joint efforts to eradicate illiteracy.
He continued to walk in the rain without putting up his umbrella.
Tom picked flowers for Mary.
Mary is picking oranges.
Tom is picking oranges.
Mary is picking flowers.
It's a mess.
Tom gave some flowers to Mary.
Get a job!
He made a flirty comment to me.
Did you have lunch after me?
It's so stupidly easy.
I had dinner earlier than you.
Can you pay attention?
Don't be a piece of shit.
We have dinner every day at eight o'clock.
You are a beautiful couple.
That doesn't fly with me.
Fuck, what a pity!
How lucky!
She’s not all there.
I want to go full speed.
We're fixing it up.
You're gonna get what you deserve.
He comes up short.
She comes up short.
We don't take any prisoners.
I'm already stressed out.
I need to go to the washroom to take a piss.
It's mediocre.
It blows my mind.
I'm fucking pissed.
I'm so pissed off.
He shouldn't have blown a fuse.
She shouldn't have blown a fuse.
Suck my dick!
He flirted with me.
He made a romantic advance towards me.
Are you going to pick someone up tonight?
Get ready and let’s go!
I'm just hanging around.
Chill out!
Are we gonna get some beer, dude?
Dude, that really happened!
The king is the best.
He's acting like someone he isn't.
He's cheap.
We're going to the bar.
We're going to the discotheque.
This is a downer.
Support me on this one.
What a horrible smell!
You really liked that woman.
What you said didn't happen.
He has good vibes.
Are we gonna get some wine, dude?
He's ugly.
You like ugly people.
She's vulgar.
She's bad.
I’m going to kick his butt.
I’m going to kick his ass.
Don't be a cocksucker.
He's a fake.
She's a fake.
I couldn't wait to go to a hotel.
It costs three dollars.
I can't stand annoying rich people.
I found out that he was a pimp.
I was excited for the tango lessons.
This song makes my day every time I listen to it.
Come on. Don't be a troll.
He's a wanker.
You son of a bitch!
You shithead!
Hell no!
You’re fucking with me.
I've stolen the ashtray from the restaurant.
What a cheapskate!
They kissed in the disco and nobody saw them.
He was going to do a parachute jump, but he panicked at the last minute.
If you don't have money, I will lend some to you.
You bought a low quality leather jacket.
It's a girls' night at the disco bar.
I've lost my wallet. I'm pissed!
The bald guy is my husband.
This party is very boring. There's no alcohol.
He isn't handsome.
She has a handsome boyfriend.
Don't trust that realtor. He's evil.
He talked for three hours non-stop. He's unbearable.
He's too old to go out until a.m.
She's very shallow. She only cares about clothes.
Sometimes it's great to spend some time alone.
I’m a vegetarian not because I love animals, but because I hate plants.
There's absolutely no chance that Tom will win the race.
Something like that wouldn't happen in Australia.
Tom and Mary are married, but not to each other.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
There's absolutely no chance of that happening.
Do you know any Canadians living in Australia?
What's the best advice you've ever received?
It looks like Tom is getting ready to leave.
I didn't see any children in the park today.
Can long distance relationships really work?
There were hardly any children in the park.
You're obviously too young to be drinking.
Tom's opinions are generally conservative.
That's something you'll never understand.
That's a pretty straightforward question.
That sounds like something Tom would say.
Both of Tom's parents are from Australia.
What you're suggesting we do won't work.
Tom and Mary have three adult children.
That's a really dangerous intersection.
He tells jokes.
You gotta win that debate!
He really likes it.
He has stolen from us.
She has stolen from us.
He is really angry.
She is really angry.
I have to get out of this mess.
You are doing something inapropriate.
I feel very tired.
It has left me speechless.
I already have my hands full.
I'll do it right away!
He scolded me.
She scolded me.
He's a very good friend.
I think he has a small penis.
I think he has a small dick.
It left me speechless.
I went fast.
Wow, he drank five bottles of wine!
If your stomach hurts, drink herbal tea.
It's something.
Let's collect some money to buy her that birthday present.
Don't get that. It's not the best quality.
I'm in a shitty mood.
Could you check what movies are playing next Saturday?
I'm not going to be home that morning so I won't be able to check my email on my computer, so text me it instead.
I'm not going to be home that morning so I won't be able to check my email on my computer, so send it to my cellphone instead.
He is detoxified.
When he got into the emergency department, they said he just imagined everything.
He stayed in at the hotel.
Last year there was an incident with a security guard who shot a stray bullet inside a toilet.
What, in your opinion, is the solution to the problem?
I couldn't make it to the meeting as I was sick.
There's nothing more to add.
Besides that he had nothing to add.
Otherwise he had nothing to add.
He lives here now.
Hindi and Urdu are one language.
I prefer the white wine over the red.
Show it to us!
The sum was rounded up.
I don't think they will accept these conditions.
The apartment has both a storage room and a balcony.
Mary is a real comedian and she seems to have an overwhelming supply of jokes up her sleeve.
I know her by sight.
Why do you want to go away?
Does he want to go away?
Does she want to go away?
Now it's starting to retract into something.
The airplane took off and boarded to China.
You'd probably really enjoy this book.
Tom and Mary haven't been dating long.
When you're older, you'll understand.
We're taking ourselves too seriously.
That's something that isn't possible.
That's something people wonder about.
That's basically what they're saying.
That's a really interesting question.
Can long distance relationships work?
You're obviously too drunk to drive.
You'll understand when you're older.
What you're proposing is ridiculous.
We're approximately the same weight.
We're approximately the same height.
The bus will be leaving pretty soon.
That's something we're looking into.
Everyone has been really supportive.
Will that really make a difference?
What's the world's biggest problem?
We're still looking for volunteers.
Lighten up!
I would like to change money.
A low pressure area covers all of Scandinavia with alternating wind and rain.
We sleep seven hours a night on average.
They had to compromise during the trip.
He died laughing.
Who is in charge of errands now?
She acts like a child.
There are plans to build a power plant right here.
He stepped on the brake.
The book came.
I neither like nor dislike it.
I don't like or dislike it.
I prefer to wash myself in the shower and not in the bathtub.
I will teach you this skill.
This place is sacred.
The head is the seat of all the senses.
This tree will never blossom.
These trees will never blossom.
When will the trees blossom?
My hands really hurt.
My hand really hurts.
How many times do you eat in a day?
He read the letter in front of everyone.
Read the letter in front of everyone.
Don't read the letter in front of everyone.
The wind is blowing violently.
The wind is raging.
A little breeze is blowing.
You're safe if I'm with you.
What did Socrates write about?
Carry all your things with you.
What did Tom write about?
You'll be safe if I'm with you.
How many times a day do you eat?
That's probably just a coincidence.
That sounds like an honest mistake.
That sounds like an excellent idea.
That sounds like a good investment.
Something's really wrong, isn't it?
Is there anything special you want?
Is there anything special you need?
I hadn't really thought about that.
Have you actually learned anything?
Everyone is welcome to participate.
Everyone here wants to lose weight.
Everybody knows where Australia is.
That's what we're working towards.
That's what they're worried about.
That's something we'll improve on.
That's a truly revolutionary idea.
Our company needs people like you.
It's not possible to live forever.
How much money did they offer you?
Everyone looked relaxed and happy.
What's your least favorite class?
We've missed a great opportunity.
We're approximately the same age.
We're all best friends, actually.
That's something we've never had.
That's probably what they'll say.
That's especially true right now.
That's a very difficult question.
That's a pretty strong statement.
Isn't that how competition works?
What's your least favorite food?
We're stocking up on everything.
We're pretty proud of ourselves.
We're not afraid of competition.
That's what we're worried about.
That's what we're talking about.
That's what they're looking for.
That's the most important thing.
That's something to think about.
That's quite an impressive list.
That's probably your toothbrush.
That's pretty common these days.
That's a whole different matter.
That's a very specific question.
Do you remember where we parked?
What's your opinion about that?
What's your favorite junk food?
What's the worst case scenario?
What exactly is the difference?
We're pretty pleased with that.
We're not looking for sympathy.
That's the way it is sometimes.
That's the number one priority.
That's the most important part.
That's our number one priority.
I should've phoned Tom before I went over to see him.
Mary, Mary, quite contrary, trim that pussy, it's damn hairy.
I'll do it right away.
That's exactly what it's about.
That's a whole different story.
That's a very compelling story.
That opportunity has been lost.
It didn't make much difference.
Isn't that what really matters?
Isn't that obvious to everyone?
Is French your native language?
How dangerous is the situation?
Everyone needs to stay focused.
Everyone needs to quit whining.
Everyone has something to lose.
Can that really be coincidence?
You'd probably really like it.
Will that make any difference?
Why was everyone so surprised?
Why is insurance so important?
Which film do you like most?
My bike was stolen when I went shopping.
He was born in Greece.
I'm in Spain.
All men are equal before fish.
"Why do squirrels swim on their back?" "To keep their nuts dry."
The squirrel that you kill in jest, dies in earnest.
Squirrels drive me nuts.
It is easy to believe in freedom of speech for those with whom we agree.
Being offended by freedom of speech should never be regarded as a justification for violence.
Your father is a gorilla.
Chickenpox in children is considered a mild illness, but your child will probably feel pretty miserable and irritable while they have it.
There is no specific treatment for chickenpox, but there are pharmacy remedies that can alleviate symptoms.
They had to cancel the trip.
A low pressure area, cloudy with wind and sunny intervals, covers all of Scandinavia.
I have to go pee.
What an idiot! I forgot my keys!
We're very serious about this.
We're very nervous about that.
We're running out of patience.
We're running a little behind.
We're looking forward to that.
We're here to play basketball.
We're having a wonderful year.
We're having a wonderful time.
We're faster than anyone else.
I don't think they'll accept these conditions.
I would like to convert a thousand kronor to dollars.
We should all strive for equality amongst ourselves and towards animals.
Why can't an ostrich fly?
These are ostrich eggs.
An ostrich can't fly.
The rabbit is eating a carrot.
I lost my keys and I can't find them.
The dog is faithful to its master.
Let us enrich ourselves with our mutual differences.
When the war was finished, few soldiers returned home.
Fate shuffles the cards and we play.
Both of them burst into tears.
Put it in the closet.
Put that in the cupboard.
Many of the inhabitants of this region are fishermen.
Many of the inhabitants of this region are farmers.
Many of the inhabitants of this region are sailors.
The club has over fifty members.
I don't like this author's books.
A man passed him.
"Anything else?" "No, that's it."
Where did Daddy go?
Where did Dad go?
Daddy, where will we go?
They have nowhere to go.
Where do we need to go?
Where will we go afterwards?
Where does this bus take you?
Where would you most like to go?
Where did you go on spring vacation?
There's no way to know where he went.
I have no idea where he went.
Where should I go with my suitcase?
Ahhh, Paris at last. Where should we go first?
Where can I throw these egg shells?
Tom already decided where he wants to go.
If you don't know where you're going, you'll certainly get there.
Quit going around in circles and get to the point.
He is trying to convince himself that he can handle it.
I admit I neglected my responsibilities.
She's always very calm and relaxed.
What a hideous-looking couch.
She seemed anything but remorseful.
They heard a violent thunderclap.
I was really ill and didn't eat anything.
Somehow the woman got stuck between her car door and something in the driveway.
An anxious mother has sharp eyes.
She doesn't need to be so anxious.
They spent part of the afternoon strolling through the city.
Lo and behold.
She elbowed her way through the crowd.
He's sitting in his workshop.
We'll sneak into bed now.
He put away his cellphone when he was in town.
He incorporated the joke into his repertoire.
She looked up at Tom briefly.
It's really not worth the effort.
It really isn't worth the trouble.
Why all the commotion?
The news caused a huge stir.
She suffered hard indecision.
She had to kill herself.
The newly hatched baby birds were way too feathery.
A large piece of ice slid from the roof and hit the ground with a loud thud.
We would like a kitchen with plenty of storage area.
Mary heard a noise.
Both Tom and John are blind.
Both Mary and Julia are blind.
The army of the Gauls was conquered.
This house is my grandfather's.
This house is my grandmother's, but soon it will be mine.
This house is my mother's.
Tom was injured when a large chunk of ice slid off the roof and hit him.
Where should I put my suitcase?
This article is badly written.
They're obviously a good team.
There's no running water here.
There's no reasoning with you.
There really is no difference.
The plan is working perfectly.
That's why people are worried.
That's what we've always used.
That's what we're looking for.
That's what we always thought.
That's what it's really worth.
That's plain enough, isn't it?
That's not the important part.
That's just good common sense.
That's basically what we want.
That's apparently not a crime.
That's a very simple question.
That's a very optimistic view.
That's a very different thing.
That's a good point, actually.
That's a common attitude here.
That wasn't a good experience.
That was certainly a surprise.
That was an excellent article.
That was actually pretty cool.
That may be an understatement.
That made no sense whatsoever.
Thanks for keeping us updated.
Thanks for keeping me updated.
Surely there was some mistake.
Sorry, it's not your decision.
Tom hopes you're able to attend the party.
Are you sure she can do it?
Listen well.
Something smells good in here.
Some people are still worried.
Some people are pretty scared.
People thought that was crazy.
People thought that that was crazy.
People are always saying that.
One man was seriously injured.
Now, let's see some enthusiasm.
Many things will be different.
Many people have been injured.
Many people are still missing.
It's not a permanent solution.
It's not a difficult question.
It's a very important message.
It's a very chaotic situation.
It'll only make matters worse.
It'll be interesting for sure.
It'll be a difficult decision.
It was an unfortunate mistake.
Tom used to be the best swimmer here.
Tom used to be the fastest swimmer on our team.
Is French your first language?
Has anyone thought about this?
Has anyone thought about that?
Everything's been easy for us.
Everyone was talking about it.
Both crew members were killed.
Are they really any different?
There's really no difference.
That's what's most important.
Team sports are very popular.
Perhaps it's not that simple.
Interest rates are still low.
What surprised you the most?
We're about the same weight.
Why was everyone surprised?
Why is insurance important?
Who exactly is responsible?
This article is misleading.
People are still starving.
It's worth thinking about.
Do you know sign language?
Apparently no one noticed.
Everybody here knows Tom.
Let's take another vote.
It's hard to ignore Tom.
Have you registered yet?
Everyone looked relaxed.
That isn't the problem.
Everyone's having fun.
Everyone looked happy.
Nobody likes losing.
It's worth talking about.
Please listen to me when I'm speaking to you.
Everybody knows that it worked.
Everybody knows about that now.
Competition is a healthy thing.
Bullying is a learned behavior.
Breakfast is an important meal.
We thought we were invincible.
There were subtle differences.
Something's really weird here.
We need to prioritize things.
The situation has stabilized.
That must've been surprising.
Free snacks will be provided.
Everything worked out nicely.
An investigation is underway.
We've practiced long enough.
The situation isn't perfect.
Maybe there's no difference.
Experts say that's unlikely.
Everybody already knew that.
That's extremely dangerous.
It's really hard to choose.
I have absolutely no money.
Tom is pretty adventurous.
That isn't very important.
My kids watch too much TV.
Everybody's really angry.
Your mustache looks nice.
It's very, very hot here.
It's still a great story.
It's quite a simple idea.
Tom watches too much TV.
There's someone missing.
Let's not panic now.
I don't miss Tom.
Can Tom join you?
Understood?
All the proposals are tentative.
All equipment must be sanitized.
Actually, the problem isn't new.
You'll probably need some help.
We've had a difficult schedule.
Tom understood what was needed.
Tom knew something was missing.
Tom is still in police custody.
This isn't really anything new.
They're a good basketball team.
They say nothing is impossible.
They aren't ready for anything.
There were no serious injuries.
That was Tom's biggest mistake.
That may be a misunderstanding.
That makes no sense whatsoever.
Thanks for keeping us informed.
Maybe there isn't a difference.
Keep your thoughts to yourself.
It's really hard to comprehend.
It's makes absolutely no sense.
It's important to have courage.
It was an unfortunate incident.
Free parking will be available.
Everything is in place already.
Everybody leaves Tom alone now.
Everybody knows their own name.
We need to address the problem right away.
We need to address the overcrowding among the refugees immediately otherwise more will die as summer approaches.
Everybody's a little different.
It definitely was a possibility.
It was an incredible experience.
It's a very difficult situation.
It's important to keep learning.
It's no different anywhere else.
It's not really that surprising.
Maybe we'll be working together.
Not everyone was that impressed.
Someone isn't telling the truth.
Something isn't right with this.
Sometimes kids make bad choices.
There simply isn't enough money.
There were people with injuries.
There will be many restrictions.
There will be tough competition.
These problems are all solvable.
Those two things aren't related.
Tom was extremely disrespectful.
You'd better try something else.
You're a very interesting woman.
You're making a serious mistake.
You're obviously in great shape.
You're only making things worse.
You've made quite an impression.
Once he moved to the city, there were times were he felt quite lonely.
The cat looked intensively at him with her big, round, blue eyes.
He left the party with his heart pounding.
You need wet snow to make good snowballs.
The embassy building is surrounded by high fences.
He never stops to take a breath when he speaks.
His Noodliness, the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the ultimate truth in the universe.
Did you read the classified ads in the newspaper today?
He has really soft facial features.
He's really weird.
He fishes in a mountain stream.
They spent a wonderful time together.
I'm really sensitive towards the cold. Could I get another quilt?
Quit clowning around!
That says a lot about you.
It's hard to take you seriously.
It isn't really particularly healthy.
I'm going to cut down on meat.
I've got to pack for the trip.
I have to steal that recipe.
They can't handle reality.
I'm heading towards Stockholm now.
Listen up, students!
Don't make such a big deal out of small things.
Keep yourself alive during winter.
I joined the list.
Who's really good in German?
Antina had a sinking feeling in her stomach.
What is it that bothers you?
Columbus didn't know where he went or where he was, and he did it using money lent by a woman.
I would like to propose a toast on your birthday.
We don't have very much time to finish this.
We don't have very much time to finish this work.
The paperback version is cheaper.
My grandson called to invite me over.
Can you lend me your dictionary?
The truck made a sharp right turn.
Tom said that he did nothing wrong and that it wasn't his fault.
I know, your busy too.
She cried all bloody night.
I didn't dream in the night.
He promised not to tell lies again.
You should learn how to control yourself.
You should learn how to control that mood of yours.
We wear a uniform at school.
He got back from Sydney today.
Sydney is miles away from here.
The residents expressed their dissatisfaction at the noise.
You'll get used to the dorm life pretty quickly.
Most of the residents on this street are wrong'uns.
I left my pen in the dorm. I'm just nipping back to get it.
I don't even know what you are called, mate.
I have almost finished my work.
I can't meet you.
It won't budge one bit.
If he says it is Monday, it is Monday.
The American mission is to eliminate communism from the world.
Where did all that self-confidence come from?
Fuck this, I'm done, spent way too much money.
So you can't even remember what you said?
How do you make this soup?
Excuse me, sorry mate, you haven't got the time have you?
Can you eat this?
There is no persuading him.
The problem is, I don't have anything to say to him.
The camera has been borrowed by someone else.
Tom's got a sore throat.
I just want you to give me back that book you borrowed a few days ago.
I never expected I would end up crying today.
Looks like its gonna be a long old day.
Why is the summer holiday not here already!
Do you need my help at all?
The best wealth is knowledge, average wealth is children, and the smallest wealth is material objects.
When there is no tigers in mountains, the monkey becomes the king.
They were at the airport to say goodbye to him.
Tom said he had a wonderful dream.
I will come tomorrow morning.
That meeting lasted a long time.
I don't know English at all.
I would really like to go there.
Did you personally see the accident?
Who wanted what?
You seem so relaxed.
Tom added sugar to his coffee.
The stars are beautiful.
Do you know what I did?
Do you know what I see here?
How long will you be away?
How many apple trees are in your orchard?
Do you have a mother?
Does he have a mother?
Does she have a mother?
Is his mother still living?
Is her mother still living?
He sells books.
She sells books.
She gave me a pencil.
Tom is a pig!
Do only what I did!
Try to profit from every opportunity.
Come on then, lets have a fight!
What a muppet that guy is.
Plenty of time for drinking later, let‘s get some food in our bellies first.
Is your mother still living?
Are your parents still living?
Are all of your grandparents still living?
You've missed the point entirely.
You're really looking much better.
You're not taking this seriously.
You're making absolutely no sense.
We're investigating the situation.
Unfortunately, it's not that easy.
Tom put sugar in his coffee.
Tom is still waiting on the porch.
This is an unfortunate situation.
This all sounds extremely familiar.
They're not your friends anymore.
They're not offering us anything.
They thought they were invincible.
They only worry about themselves.
They all looked somewhat stunned.
There's something wrong somewhere.
There's something that isn't right.
There's nothing wrong with renting.
There's definitely something wrong.
That's actually really dangerous.
Something's not right about this.
Something's not quite right here.
Something obviously has upset you.
Something isn't right about this.
Something is definitely different.
Something here isn't quite right.
Something here isn't making sense.
Please be prepared for emergencies.
Maybe we'll play some basketball.
It's only a minor misunderstanding.
It's not anybody elses' business.
It's important to understand why.
It's important that you understand.
It's been an incredible experience.
I'm heading towards Boston now.
I'll come tomorrow morning.
I haven't noticed any difference.
I don't know French at all.
Everybody is hoarding their cash.
Everybody is afraid of criticism.
Breakfast and lunch are included.
Baseball season's about to start.
An investigation is still pending.
An investigation has been ordered.
An investigation has been launched.
All donations are tax deductible.
Actually, that isn't quite right.
Actually, it wasn't totally quiet.
About thirty soldiers were wounded.
I've almost finished my work.
I'd really like to go there.
Tom and Mary went to the same school.
Would you mind if I had a smoke?
I'll stop if you stop.
If you need me to, I'll come.
If you don't run, you'll be late.
If possible, I'll come tomorrow.
If she'd just come!
Tell me if it hurts.
A mother's heart always forgives.
It would be preferable for you to surrender.
What if you did do it?
I'll drink tea, if I can.
If you're hungry, eat.
I'll ask him if he's going to come.
If you study hard, you'll pass the exam.
There are few mistakes, if any.
If you leave now, you'll get there on time.
If you leave now, you'll arrive in time.
I doubt this will work.
If he tries hard, he'll succeed.
If you get lost in a crowd, I'll search for you.
If you need me to, I'll help you.
If need be, I'll go with you.
Take an aspirin.
I doubt that this will work.
Sorry if I didn't understand something.
I don't know if he'll come.
He's really an oddball.
In fact, I don't like him.
That doesn't look good at all.
The only thing that matters is the final product not the process.
It takes you a while to catch on to things.
As long as you're able to in the end then it's all good.
I had to put the trip on hold for the moment.
I've always been interested in working in agriculture.
"Hello, can I speak with Mauro?" "Yes, who's calling?"
Tom and Mary aren't talking about you. They're talking about someone else.
Tom didn't realize how important it was to be at the meeting.
The person who donated this money wishes to remain anonymous.
I have an important meeting I have to attend this afternoon.
I have an important meeting I have to go to this afternoon.
Some of the people in the crowd were throwing beer bottles.
Luckily, all the passengers were wearing their seatbelts.
Tom and Mary have been best friends for a long time.
Most of the passengers weren't wearing life jackets.
The money we offered them was obviously not enough.
Thank you very much for your detailed explanation.
There's still a possibility that that'll happen.
Many of the children had hardly any clothes on.
I made a lot of really good friends in Boston.
There's obviously been some misunderstanding.
All the students were wearing black T-shirts.
This is the worst hamburger I've ever eaten.
Tom and Mary want their marriage annulled.
There's obviously been a misunderstanding.
That's something we've never talked about.
About thirty firefighters were dispatched.
Unfortunately, that hasn't been possible.
Unfortunately, some people were offended.
Unfortunately, it's the same everywhere.
Doing that would be bad idea.
Doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Doing that would be a good idea.
Doing that would be extremely dangerous.
There's definitely room for improvement.
Congratulations are definitely in order.
The police are investigating the accident.
Neither motorcyclist was wearing a helmet.
Both motorcyclists were wearing helmets.
All participants will receive a T-shirt.
About thirty countries were represented.
Tom and Mary work really well together.
They've definitely gotten a lot better.
These kinds of mistakes are inevitable.
That's something we've been working on.
The police are investigating the situation.
Many of the children were almost naked.
Many of the children had no clothes on.
It's important for us to remember that.
Unfortunately, these things take time.
The audience was predominantly female.
That's probably not a problem anymore.
Sometimes people make wrong decisions.
Something's definitely wrong with Tom.
You've hardly touched your breakfast.
Tom is definitely planning something.
There's definitely someone out there.
That's an absolutely ridiculous idea.
It's not really necessary to do that.
It's important that we remember that.
We haven't been formally introduced.
Unfortunately, that's not an option.
Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.
Unfortunately, it's not that simple.
There's something here for everyone.
There's always room for improvement.
The police are looking for suspects.
The ham sandwiches were really good.
Maybe we're overlooking the obvious.
Both of Tom's parents were teachers.
All participants must be registered.
Actually, it's exactly the opposite.
About thirty villagers were injured.
About thirty people have registered.
About thirty insurgents were killed.
You're absolutely right about that.
Unfortunately, that isn't the case.
I am an Earthling.
Put it in the cupboard.
Don't hesitate to ask me questions.
Don't hesitate to ask me for help.
I hope that you'll come tomorrow.
This must've cost a small fortune.
Take a deep breath and don't freak out.
The whole world is on fire.
You're treading on thin ice.
You've eaten enough.
I've learned many lessons.
She went on to become his wife.
Tom asked me how many guitars I owned.
He lives in a mixed japanese western styled house.
Chill.
The officer aroused courage in his soldiers.
You can see from the soot on the walls that the fire reached this floor as well.
Holding a conversation with her feels like walking across a minefield.
I have a ton of things to do.
Can you call for help?
Be patient!
Could you please give me the pencil?
The thieves fled when the police arrived.
Life will already be over before you know it.
You can fuck off for all I care!
It has thrown him completely off balance.
What needs to be discussed?
If the word "when" didn't exist, my dad would be a millionaire.
Put it up a notch.
The early bird can kiss my ass!
Thank you for being concerned about my mental health.
Whoever doesn't take care of themselves will get worse as they age.
Don't ask the old man "How are you?", instead ask him "What's bothering you today?".
Those who ask will seek the truth.
Small crows have the largest beaks.
Not all animals eat hay.
Before the grass grows, the horse dies.
If you want to beat a dog, you can always find a stick.
God created the earth and took a rest one day later; though ever since he created women, he has had no peace and quiet.
Lift up your eyes, and you'll see the stars.
Trust a woman with your secret, but cut off her tongue!
Those who want to know everything will age quickly.
Wrong! - or no? Correct!
Those who show a friendly face to everyone, won't have true friends.
Whoever has saved the life of even one person will be rewarded as if he had saved the whole world.
If parents are fools, children will become thieves.
I'm a jinx. If I sold candles, the sun wouldn't go down.
I ask your soul and consciousness: Would life be worth living without the death penalty?
Pirates, buccaneers and privateers are not synonyms.
Psychology findings suggest that conservatives are usually less intelligent than progressives are.
Concerning the Earth, the Sun and the property of smallness, the 1st is more than the 2nd in the 3rd.
The Earth is smaller than the Sun.
The stable is behind the farm house.
We were sure the Earth went around the Sun.
Can you lean forward a bit?
I need a place to stay for a couple of days.
I hate violence.
Are you going to marry her?
Are you going to marry him?
"Are you going to marry him?" "No, I'm not."
When are you going to marry him?
What do you find so amusing?
Tom did his schoolwork at the kitchen table.
Tom refilled his coffee mug.
I'm going to the market in town. Do you want to come?
That's where the magic happens.
When are you going to marry her?
Did you kiss?
Tom wrote a fan letter to Mary.
You know I can't stand him.
You know I can't stand her.
Why don't you just go talk to her?
Why don't you just go talk to him?
Do you want me to go and have a word with him?
Tom was excited to go to the concert.
I have backstage passes to Tom's concert.
Tom flosses his teeth at least once a week.
Things aren't as bad as they seem.
Things are not as bad as they seem.
Being an anglophone is a double-edged sword. On the one hand you speak the world's most useful language perfectly, but then no one wants to talk with you in another language, which makes the process of learning foreign languages more difficult.
He lives in the clouds.
If spring cleaning takes you the whole spring and part of the summer to complete, you've done something wrong the rest of the year.
All Tom wanted was to find a woman who would accept all the love he could give.
Tatoeba users can be divided into four ideal-typical groups: readers, authors, translators and proofreaders.
My pudding was really delicious in the end.
My pudding looked strange to me.
Take my hand. We'll build a utopia, you and me.
When you frequently communicate and have relationships with people from other countries and cultures, you end up learning a lot of things, though sometimes that can be due to misunderstandings and surprises.
Some doctors will say anything to satisfy their patients.
The patient could've died if it hadn't been for medical treatment.
That's not very elegant.
I say this not because of me.
I just don't feel like doing my math homework.
It's too late to get out now.
She died two hours later.
These are the words that make me cry.
Jamala's victory at the "Eurovision 2016" convinces us that the world is not so hopeless as it sometimes seems.
Do you want to become famous?
You're scary!
Why don't you just go talk to Tom?
Everyone likes a peacock dance.
I heart you.
We bought this car for rupees.
Complete that which you can today. Don't leave it till tomorrow.
Something went wrong with the stew.
The most important things are often the ones that are hardest to talk about.
The most obvious things are often the ones that are hardest to see.
Döner makes you more beautiful.
The skyscraper is burning.
She became a teacher.
Remember that you will die.
Love doesn't obey anyone.
My attic will be expanded.
The password was easily noticeable.
I'm still doing a test.
I have to pay a medical bill.
I felt sorry for the poor dog.
I didn't sleep well yesterday.
She ripped the letter to shreds.
The exponential function has a horizontal asymptote.
Your eyes are red from crying.
Sir, we're ready to order.
This sentence was never translated.
I agree with their plan.
There were ten policemen at the scene.
I watch TV all day.
You'll repent at the cross.
You have to turn words into deeds.
Is death the only possible exemption?
A large goldfish swims in the pond.
A computer can calculate things really quickly.
There's no sentence with #264405.
Thusnelda the cow is the subject of this sentence.
"Verbal power" shouldn't be confused with "insult".
Are you really always here or not?
It was a very hot evening.
What did you find so fascinating about the speech that I gave yesterday?
Television is obsolete as a medium in any case.
Next week I want to visit my friend.
The desire emerges between need and demand.
Thirty-two Madagascan scholars are flying to China.
She pretended that she didn't hear me.
She said: "You were my first class."
Virtuosity requires years of daily practice from childhood.
As long as he stays, I will be happy.
We played rock, paper, scissors to decide who would do the dishes.
They pretended that they didn't hear me.
They received a dollar each.
To make the dish of dry potatoes and onions , you will need a quarter kilogram of small potatoes.
This book sees the protagonist conquer insurmountable odds and save the day.
It hurts me to say this, but I can't help you.
Tom took the fall for his friend's mistake.
Man can do what he wills but he cannot will what he wills.
Man can do what he wants but he cannot want what he wants.
For our improvement we need a mirror.
A man can do what he wants, but not want what he wants.
Each day is a little life; every waking and rising a little birth; every fresh morning a little youth; every going to rest and sleep a little death.
Every nation mocks at other nations, and all are right.
Sleep is to a man what winding up is to a clock.
Hardly any Germans that I know like sauerkraut.
Emilio di Cavalieri was a Renaissance composer.
I don't like the food at that deli.
Could you use some help?
He made fun of the teacher.
I have a package for a Mr. Smith.
I have a package here for a Mr. Smith.
Everyone likes free stuff.
Even I would have helped you.
Make sure you're not being followed.
Even you would have helped me.
Even we would have helped you.
Even you would have helped us.
Look at the birds of the air: they neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they?
Don't throw it away just because it's broken.
Don't call it a day just because the road's blocked.
I wanna have your babies.
I gonna button my lips so the truth don't slip.
I gotta beep out what I really wanna shout.
What happens in my head stays in my head.
Every great achievement was once considered impossible.
That became a habit.
I'll drive her.
The car would have been repaired by me.
I would have repaired the car.
She'll be driven by me.
The glass was broken by someone.
Indeed, he could have bitten off his tongue.
Such a clunker!
The Hungarians will have more sentences than we do.
Don't talk in such a high and mighty way.
Don't be so haughty in your speaking.
It's cold; why don't you put on a sweater?
The story of a great flood is known not only from the Bible.
The door slammed shut.
The door closed with a bang.
Who wouldn't become enamored now?
My shoes squeak.
There was no sex in the Soviet Union.
Trigonometry studies relationships involving lengths and angles of triangles.
Last Sunday my family went to the zoo to see panda bears.
My husband is broad-shouldered, with distinctly short arms.
I have extremely light skin and never tan.
What will we do if he's late?
He asked if she was rich.
If he's tired, he should sleep.
If you turn left, you'll see a coffee shop.
Ask him if he speaks Japanese.
Who smashed the window? Tell me the truth.
Old bread can sometimes be used as a mortal weapon.
I'll ask him if he plans to come.
I'll loan you one if you want.
She asked if I need a taxi.
If it rains tomorrow, the tour will be cancelled.
Let us know if you can come.
Let us know if you can make it.
Let the kids off the bus first!
I don't think that it would be a good idea to translate this sentence.
Then why are you crying?
I still don't know if we'll go to the museum.
I won't come if it rains tomorrow.
If so, then what do we do?
I don't like it as much as taking care of children.
If you hear the alarm, walk, don't run.
This is a proposed hypothesis for an american study.
If you win the lotto, what will you do with the money?
Try meditating a few minutes a day once in a while. Honestly, it helps me a lot.
I'll go if the weather is nice.
If it's not broken, don't fix it.
If he comes, what should I tell him?
A bum is someone who doesn't pretend to work.
Violence isn't necessarily the best thing, but sometimes it's a solution.
Call me if you have difficulties.
If there's something that you don't understand, just ask.
The watercourse is to the biosphere what blood circulation is to a human being.
He asked me if everyone was there.
I don't tremble with cold, rather with anger, that it hasn't got any colder.
The world would be a beautiful place if everyone was a bit kinder towards their fellow men.
The woman has two important questions to ask: What am I wearing? and what am I cooking?
No matter how rational your words may sound, someone will always contradict you.
Pre-cooked food manufacturers give the consumer the impression that they themselves prepare the food.
Bang guitarist will become a dad for the second time, announces a spokesperson for the band.
To tell the truth, I despise him.
The house was empty, if you don't count the cat.
I'd be grateful if you'd buy some bread on the way back.
The teacher skipped the exercise on page 21.
If you wash the car, it will shine in the sun.
It's annoying not being able to find the error in my calculation.
I'm a redhead.
It was ordered that the classroom be put in order
What on earth?
Then why have you sold it?
The horses pull the carriage.
He is too rich to become a thief.
She is too rich to become a thief.
How did you kill the cockroach?
As things have turned out.
How long will you remain in New York?
How long will they remain in Tokyo?
How long will he remain in Moscow?
How long will she remain in Moscow?
When were your books delivered?
When was the car delivered to you?
How long will we remain in Paris?
How long will you remain in London?
When will you depart for Paris?
When will he depart for London?
When will they depart for Boston?
What did Tom find?
The eyes are the windows of the heart.
How long will we remain in Beijing?
When will you depart for Moscow?
When will they depart for Vienna?
Think about your brother!
My big brother likes music.
Keep it secret!
Please send a letter.
Actually, we waste water.
She knows everything about French.
She thinks that will be interesting and fun.
Everything happened at the same time.
Everything happened simultaneously.
Tom can't be a poet.
He lives here.
I want a lot of them.
According to the tradition, Homer was blind.
When will you depart for Berlin?
When will Mary get back home?
I'll start my work on the first of July.
Don't go there alone.
Your nose was bleeding.
You had a nosebleed.
You're more stupid than I thought.
To tell the truth, I don't agree.
I lack imagination.
Maria killed the cockroach with a sandal.
Do you want one of them?
Tom killed the cockroach with a broom.
We aren't late.
Tom won't be thirsty.
The hyena imitates the human voice.
The bat flees the light.
Please punish him.
Why do you want to talk with her?
Mary killed the cockroach with a shoe.
Tom, having risen from his chair, began to speak.
The people want to translate more interesting things.
The people want to translate things that are more interesting.
I always wanted to have a dog.
Today I'm going to visit my grandfather's grave.
Tom was buried in this city.
Mary was buried in this city.
Everyone loves winners.
Die by the sword!
Mary loves gangbangs.
Tom has a big black cock.
If a = b and b = c, then a = c.
Be embraced you millions!
However that's also the greatest feeling.
The thematic and motivic works of Mozart and Schubert are basically quite similar.
If Mary's mother's son is my brother, then Mary is my sister.
You've got to work really hard.
My father didn't say a word during dinnertime.
You aren't our friend.
I'm truly sorry for having returned home late.
I'd like to know how the body absorbs these substances.
So now he landed back in the same company, but this time not in the office chair, but rather upside down on the concrete staircase.
Life without perception is quite possible from a human perspective but boring.
The veracity of the waitress surprised the detective.
The store is closing at 7.
The American Civil War is the main theme of the book.
I couldn't think of a brief explanation.
We are all stupid, but in different fields.
You've changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.
The ones that don't make noise are dangerous.
I've never played golf, but I will try.
The rainy season starts more or less at the end of June.
Science can't solve all of life's problems.
The advantage of freelancing is that you can divide your time freely. The disadvantage is that you actually have to work around the clock.
There are people in the bus.
If the fruit is fermented, you shouldn't eat it.
She tried to look much younger than she actually was.
I missed you a lot while you were in France.
I always get up at 6.
The tree was so tall that it towered over the garden wall.
You want to come with me to the concert?
I had an inspiration.
I have had an inspiration.
The girl was homesick.
I spent a week with a Palestinian family from Gaza.
Who owns that house?
What color is your house?
How many people live in that house?
What time does school start in the morning?
My family live in that house.
I plan to accept the offer from that company to become their marketing department's manager.
The objectives of the marketing department and the sales department are not necessarily the same.
Those two departments are sometimes at odds with each other.
I fight for my family.
It's not going to be easy to decide.
Tom died in jail.
Tom is off duty.
Tom likes to bowl.
Tom likes to box.
Tom likes to fish.
Tom may not have done what we think he did.
Tom pretended that he didn't hear Mary.
Tom shops online.
Tom should be OK.
Tom showed us how.
Tom still has my umbrella.
Tom swears a lot.
Tom told us why.
Tom was my buddy.
Are you English?
Are you Ukrainian?
Antananarivo is the capital of Madagascar.
Remember to check to make sure the gas has been turned off before you go out.
Did you ring him yesterday?
Some people walk to work.
Some children dislike school.
I hope to marry that woman one day.
My life is better without her.
She doesn't like me.
I'd love to see her.
I tried to get out from the cage.
I have seen flowers come in stoney places.
I have seen flowers come in stoney places and kind things done by men with ugly faces.
I saw the ramparts of my native land. One time so strong, now dropping in decay.
It was a dream and shouldn't I bother about a dream?
I built ten thousand walls, for you to knock them all down.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
His dream is to become a space aviation engineer.
Before you go out remember to check the gas is turned off.
Instead of just the marketing department completing all their work objectives is not as effective as all the departments working together and mutually realising all the objectives.
Every now and then they clash over their differences.
I am fighting for my future.
Tom still hasn't tied the knot.
Tom is pissed.
My chinese is far from perfect, but I can roughly understand everything he is saying.
Why didn't you turn up on Saturday?
As soon as you start misbehaving, Father Christmas will not come to see you.
If you are tired just let me know.
A face as ill as yours and it isn't important? If you change your mind, a trip to the hospital is the best option, alright?
Ah, I forgot to ask. Before you said you hadn't seen the umbrella. Have you found it since?
If you're tired, just let me know.
I graduated two years ago.
His dream is to become an aerospace engineer.
This sentence has been deleted because it was a duplicate.
You've got to walk before you can run.
Tom is into zoophilia.
Mary loves dicks.
Tom has a foot fetish.
Mary loves to deepthroat.
Tom was found dead on the spot.
Tom loves getting tied up.
Tom loves getting whipped.
God wills it thus.
Tom came on Mary's tits.
Tom came on Mary's boobs.
That man has a hand, rather than a paw, hoof, fin or wing has set him above all other animals and has enabled him to develop a culture based on toolmaking and tool using.
The thumb is the outstanding part of the human hand.
Their territory was small for the population.
Mary died for her country.
The teacher encouraged me to read, write and speak.
Who was punished?
I went out without money.
Is your friend still sleeping?
You should walk in the shade.
I can't walk in the sun.
I did what I liked.
I really like this book.
I like to eat meat.
I think that I was followed by someone.
I had little to do with it.
Were my letters sent?
Was my letter sent?
A certain man began to follow Mary.
Someone began to follow Tom.
Someone began to follow Mary.
I like roses more than lilies.
The president said that he would die for his country.
Tom died for his country.
Horatius jumped into the Tiber.
Only part of the road was closed.
Only part of the bridge was destroyed.
Two friends brought him help.
Tom knows how to listen attentively.
Do you really want to go there?
Come over here and sit down.
It lives inside an apple.
It's dangerous to climb mountains during a storm.
That hat cost fifty dollars.
Could I please have a glass of water?
She suffers from an incurable disease.
She prided herself on having won first prize.
Your name has been removed from the list.
Are you here to negotiate?
I don't like that store.
Confess right now!
Let's stay here.
I'm coming from my grandfather's and going to my uncle's.
In fact, we don't have any witnesses to the accident.
I thought I was invincible.
You're not invincible.
Are you sure you're okay?
I forgot to hit send.
I wrote a reply, but I forgot to press send.
Tom is a self-centered jerk.
I sent her flowers on Valentine's Day.
The next-door neighbour's guest is a guest who eats lots of persimmons.
Who taught you this?
Tom is on the track team.
Tom had a hip replacement surgery.
Can we talk after class?
Tom is a senior executive.
I don't like the cats.
How do I know if a girl is interested in me?
How can I know if a girl likes me?
How do I know if a guy is interested in me?
How can I tell if a guy likes me?
You were right about everything.
I learned to write in school.
Where did you learn to write?
I learned to read in school.
No matter how many times I read that sentence, I couldn't understand it.
Tom drinks six cups of coffee a day.
That's not how the world works.
I don't care about being cool.
There may be a spy around.
You are never going to believe this.
Nietzsche said, "Battle ye not with monsters, lest monsters ye become."
Fortunately, I don't buy it.
Fortunately, I'm not buying it.
Fortunately, I'm not buying into it.
There is no one here with that name.
No person with that name exists.
There is no person with that name.
You didn't help me.
I'll never help you.
I don't care about being popular.
Tom is addicted to money.
I don't have to explain myself to you!
He asked me to transliterate the Hebrew sentence.
All of the entries in this dictionary are transliterated.
She's trying to transliterate something that was written in Arabic.
The transliteration on that website was terrible.
Tom's plan failed.
Tom won't miss you.
Tom will call me.
Tom wasn't drunk.
Tom stayed in Boston for three years.
Tom should be fine.
Tom sells coffee.
Tom says you're good at tennis.
Tom refuses to talk.
Tom looks worried now.
Tom kept on walking.
Tom isn't my enemy.
Tom isn't Mary's type.
Tom isn't blameless.
Tom isn't an artist.
Tom isn't a tourist.
Tom isn't a soldier.
Tom isn't a parent.
Tom isn't self-employed.
It's dangerous to climb a mountain during a storm.
Tom drinks three cups of coffee a day.
There are types of people in the world: those who can understand binary and those who can't.
If you had half a brain you'd be dangerous!
Seawater is salty.
I eat to live.
Mary spoke with me about you.
What did you do when you returned?
He is especially frightened of dogs.
Tom spoke with me about you.
Farmed fish are cheaper than wild ones and the taste is only "so-so".
I didn't stand there long.
You did nothing else?
They said nothing.
Would that the thoughts in my head would come out like a receipt from a cash register.
"How long will you remain in Beijing?" "Until Sunday."
"How long will you remain in New York?" "Until Saturday."
"How long will you remain in Moscow?" "Until Sunday."
I've made loads of sentences so that we can all get to the point of craning our necks in and being amused.
"How long will you remain in London?" "Until Monday."
Tom gained American citizenship.
Tom is universally acknowledged (including by himself) as a man who makes things happen [a playmaker/rainmaker].
Defy convention.
Since I speak the truth, I live soundly at home.
What sort of women's fashion does Tom like?
A bar in Shanghai started selling my favorite beer, so I'll take the opportunity to taste some.
What kind of women's attire does Tom like?
I have not seen my parents in a long time, my boss has sent me to England for a business trip, I'll use the opportunity to visit my parents.
Recently T Mall has had a sales promotion on cell phones.
They held themselves in high regard.
My upper-right molar has been throbbing since yesterday.
Tom dyed his hair blue.
I want to dye my hair red.
You didn't drink all the wine that I bought, did you?
You didn't eat all that chocolate I bought, did you?
The busses are especially crowded during rush hour.
How many countries are in Asia?
How many countries are in Europe?
The roses that you gave me are very beautiful.
It does not follow.
I'm the father of the family.
Do you want an apple?
Do you want a banana?
The monkey wants a banana.
Animals can't speak.
Paul doesn't like beer.
This is not Portuguese.
I see a girl.
Please choose a suitable answer and write it in the blank space.
I asked him for his name.
Do you think a male Gemini would get on well with a female Pisces?
How many vertices and faces does a pentagonal prism have?
In the United States of America, a woman on average only has three children.
Tom doesn't like beer.
Tom is really quiet.
Tom is really fast.
Tom is quite happy.
Tom is losing weight.
Tom is looking tired.
Tom is going to stay for another three days.
Tom is doing that.
Tom is different now.
Tom is an athlete.
Tom is already home.
Tom is a strong kid.
Tom is a strong guy.
Tom is a serious guy.
Tom is a quiet guy.
Tom is a little guy.
Tom is a good coach.
Who is missing?
What time do you think Tom will be back?
Tom has written more than songs.
Tom has no neighbors.
Tom has no allergies.
Tom has my support.
Tom has my car.
Tom has lost pounds.
Tom has helped a lot.
Tom doesn't get paid.
Tom died that day.
Tom didn't want us at his party.
This path is dangerous.
Please listen to me carefully.
I'll ask Tom to give me some money.
I'll ask Tom for some money.
I'll ask my father to give me some money.
I will write about it.
I don't like seeing Tom sad.
I didn't stay there very long.
How long you will be in Boston?
Construction materials are expensive at the moment.
They're lying on the table.
He's feeling dizzy.
He found the office without any difficulty.
Tom told me he was feeling dizzy.
Tom told me he was feeling a bit tired.
I had no trouble finding Tom's office.
Tom's strategy worked.
Tom's dog bit me.
Tom's dog bit Mary.
Tom wasn't very good.
Tom was fired on Monday.
Tom should've left when he had the chance.
Tom often talks about golf.
Tom likes to talk about golf.
Tom isn't that stupid.
Tom is pretty amazing.
Tom is doing well now.
Tom is a little weird.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he wants.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he wants us to do.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he wants us to buy.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he wants to do.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he needs.
Tom hasn't yet been found.
Tom hasn't given us anything.
Tom hasn't been found.
Tom hasn't been fired.
Tom has no principles.
Tom has no complaints.
Tom has been kicked off the team.
I think Tom is from Australia.
Are all of your sisters older than you?
I tore up all the letters that you wrote to me.
I happened to be free last Sunday.
It just so happened that I was free last Sunday.
The boy fell of fright when he saw a ghost.
The boy is right.
I think that he is from China.
I think that he is from Japan.
I think that he is from the United States.
Given the lovely smell, there's no doubting that lunch is ready.
Nothing is given to mortals without effort.
I think that he is from Italy.
Please don't drink beer before going to bed.
Tom told me about that yesterday.
Tom thinks he's ready.
Tom thinks he's funny.
Tom still looks great.
Tom enjoyed the party.
Tom earns thirty dollars an hour.
Tom died last October.
Tom died in Australia.
Tom died early Monday.
Tom didn't see me.
Tom didn't need it.
Tom didn't make any mistakes.
Tom didn't get better.
Tom didn't blame me.
Tom deserves the best.
Tom denied this.
Tom denied that.
Tom could be insane.
Tom breaks the rules.
This isn't Tom's car.
Some guy named Tom said he was looking for you.
It looks like Tom is getting tired.
Is Tom planning to be at today's meeting?
Is Tom on duty?
I have to go with Tom.
I agree with Tom one hundred percent.
Don't be like Tom.
I don't understand your words.
The grapes of this vine are very good.
I don't understand his words.
I don't understand her words.
How old do you have to be in Australia to be able to drink?
Several years ago, a bleached body was discovered in a vacant plot in the neighbourhood.
Have you got used to the new class?
I'd like to write a book.
I asked whether the flowers were blooming.
Next year the vines will produce many grapes.
We did this work in vain.
Did you hear what we said?
I burned all the letters that you wrote to me.
She showed absolutely no sign of remorse.
This book was given to me by Tom.
The books that I bought were delivered to me this morning.
I'll ask my mother for money.
I'll ask my father for money.
The road is dangerous.
How come you're so busy?
We will do nothing against your will.
This sweater is comfortable to take off and put on.
The Greeks built a wooden horse.
"How long will you remain in Athens?" "Until Sunday."
"How long will you remain in Tokyo?" "Until Friday."
"How long will you remain in Boston?" "Until Thursday."
The grapes from this vine are good.
"How long will you remain in Paris?" "Until Wednesday."
"How long will you remain in Rome?" "Until Tuesday."
I think that he's from Italy.
Is your sister older than you?
My grandmother is already more than ninety years old.
If you knew that somehow I was in trouble, ...
My father is already more than fifty years old.
The car that I bought was delivered to me this morning.
The dictionary that I bought still wasn't delivered to me.
Tom changed colour.
Those colours clash.
I like light colours.
I'm colour-blind.
I like bright colours.
Women like colourful umbrellas.
What colour is this?
I need coloured pencils.
What colour are those?
Those twins are identical, not only their faces, but also in their characters.
What colour are they?
What colour were they?
I hate that colour.
She had no common sense.
He's the kind of man who doesn't take women seriously.
heh... he's a fun guy, eh?
Have you fitted your winter tyres?
Who can speak both Chinese and Japanese?
Let's be careful about men.
Your stomach has been rumbling for quite a while now. Are you sure you're all right?
Is the food at the restaurant halal?
Who is sleeping in my bed?
"I discovered a a great website today. It's called the 'Tatoeba project', if you're interested." "If you're talking about 'Tatoeba', I've already known about it and have been making submissions for years!"
I think my boyfriend is two-timing me.
I often travel between Rome and Milan.
I didn't know that there was this sort of place just on the route to the high school.
What made you think that you would study French?
The book that I bought on the internet hasn't been delivered to me yet.
"Tom, were you awake during the earthquake?" "What, there was an earthquake?" "Yes, it was a little after 1:30. It was a fairly large tremor." "Really? I slept through it just like normal."
You can't make a mixture of oil and water.
The dictionary that I bought was delivered to me this morning.
I'm not in a homework-finishing mood.
You didn't understand!
The things that I bought haven't been delivered to me yet.
The book that I bought was delivered to me this morning.
The dictionary that I bought hasn't been delivered to me yet.
The books that I bought haven't been delivered to me yet.
The car that I bought hasn't been delivered to me yet.
The queue for the toilet has got too long. Do you think it's time we expedited things by having a peek?
I think that she is from Germany.
I think that he is from Germany.
I think that she is from Russia.
I think that she is from Brazil.
I think that she is from France.
I think that she is from Egypt.
I think that she is from China.
What did you speak about with her?
What did you speak about with him?
Life is short, even if it lasts more than a hundred years.
The computer that I bought hasn't been delivered to me yet.
I really want this telephone.
The book that I bought hasn't been delivered to me yet.
Mary's dog bit me.
Mary's dog bit Tom.
I think that she is from Japan.
There's really nothing much at all that you see as being beneath you.
I think that she is from the United States.
I think that she is from Italy.
I think that he is from Russia.
I think that he is from Brazil.
I think that he is from France.
I think that he is from Egypt.
No one saw her when she left.
No one saw him when he left.
She was loved by everyone who knew her.
He was loved by everyone who knew him.
When will you leave for New York?
When will you leave for Tokyo?
Don't think.
I think I heard a woman's voice.
I think I heard a man's voice.
I heard a baby's voice.
I heard a woman's voice.
I heard a man's voice.
The night will be cold.
The night is cold.
The child felt scared when he saw a ghost.
He ironed his shirt.
I'll write to you when I have time.
I want this telephone.
I desire this telephone.
With the toilet queue getting too long, do you think we'll make it back in time for the curtain?
The world is what we make of it.
Don't pass out on me.
Do you remember what the attacker looked like?
Could anybody else answer?
I burned all the letters that you wrote me.
Mary can take care of herself. I am not the slightest bit worried about her.
Despite the terror warnings, I am not the slightest bit afraid of walking through crowded places.
What we're doing is perfectly legal.
We plan to name our son Tom.
Tom's plan won't work.
Tom's mother has died.
Tom's gamble paid off.
Tom's credit's good.
Tom's coach likes him.
Tom wouldn't go there.
Tom wouldn't allow us to do that.
Tom would've liked it.
Tom was able to do it.
Tom wants to keep it.
Tom taught me a lot.
Tom says he'll do whatever we do.
Tom says he'll do the same thing we do.
Tom said he was tired of losing.
Tom said he intends to go to Australia next October.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would come to his party.
Tom remains in custody.
Tom plans to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom needed stitches.
Tom looks a lot like John, doesn't he?
Tom just gave this to me.
Tom isn't going to be at today's meeting.
Tom isn't conservative.
Tom isn't backing down.
Tom isn't a journalist.
Tom is with me now.
Tom is very determined.
Tom is still the champ.
Tom is still outside.
Tom is still dangerous.
Tom is pretty decisive.
Tom is our best player.
Tom is on life support.
Tom is fighting cancer.
Tom is doing great now.
It looks like it might rain. Don't forget your umbrella.
I forgot to bring my umbrella and ended up getting drenched on the way home.
Nearly all men die of their remedies, and not of their illnesses.
Given your level, you may consider atoms as being the fundamental building blocks of the matter all around us, you included.
This handbag is made of paper.
Our roads and our bridges need massive amounts of repair.
By the time Pierre Gringoire had arrived at the Place de Grève, he was numb.
Why are kids so cute, I wonder?
"SoーMary, have you a boyfriend?" "If it's 'yes', would you let me meet him?"
Since meeting for the first time, I've been thinking about how she's such a lovely-voiced person.
I made soup in a big pot.
I'm just popping out to the #factory.
I wonder why it is that the sound of waves is so pleasant to the ear.
"I'm sorry for these circumstances" has ended up becoming quite a polite expression these days, hasn't it?
"I must apologise for the state of things" has ended up becoming quite a polite expression these days, hasn't it?
I take care of a cat and a dog.
I keep a cat and a dog.
I look after a cat and a dog.
I will properly carry out the things that I said myself.
Thanks for helping me when I was sad.
Does he know that his son has gone?
Does she know that her son has gone?
If I were with you, every day would be summer.
I was sorry.
I repented.
Recently I'm ending up feeling like every single thing is a chore.
When was the dictionary delivered to you?
When was the book delivered to you?
How long will he stay in Rome?
When will she leave for Athens?
When will he leave for Beijing?
When will you leave for Rome?
In general, kids like ice cream.
Please sit down for a minute.
Please sit down for a moment.
Can anyone be happy without money?
I approve of everything that you said.
I approve of everything that you did.
I approve of everything that he says.
I approve of everything that he does.
If I were with you, it would be summer all year round.
It's possible that the airplane won't be able to fly due to the storm.
"Are you talking to me?" "Are you talking to me?" "I'm the only person here."
She reads.
When he was forty-nine years old, my grandfather emigrated to Brazil.
One person spoke for everyone.
Tell me where you come from.
Jump to attention!
Even they would have helped me.
Even I would have helped them.
You have superb English.
We want an ambulance.
She'll come without delay.
He is too small.
He went to Switzerland.
Tom was taken.
I saw the queen.
Esperanto is spoken all over the world.
If you travel to the US, you'll learn spoken English.
In Quebec, French is spoken by over a million people.
Despite Hebrew being considered a dead language one hundred and fifty years ago, today eight million people speak it as their mother tongue.
We're talking about a completely different type of crime here.
Aren't you satisfied?
Don't you think?
It's snowing again.
Instead of just saying you love her, do something to show how much you love her.
It grew dark.
I never saw the like of it before.
Éamonn is the one who made it.
Thank God that nobody was hurt.
When will Tom leave for Boston?
Tom is definitely back.
Tom is coming over tomorrow.
Tom is a very wise man.
Tom is a good wrestler.
Tom is a good manager.
Tom is a friend of John's.
Tom hasn't done enough.
Tom hasn't done enough yet.
Tom hasn't been around.
Tom has young children.
Tom has visited Boston.
Tom has lost something.
Tom has been everywhere.
Tom has been consistent.
Tom gets a lot of help.
Tom gets a lot of help from his friends.
Tom doesn't walk anymore.
Tom doesn't study French anymore.
Tom doesn't smile often.
Tom doesn't live with us anymore.
Tom doesn't live on Park Street anymore.
Tom doesn't believe it.
Tom does look a lot like John, doesn't he?
Tom didn't convince me.
The game has been postponed.
I've heard no complaints from Tom.
I told Tom that I'd do it.
I told Tom that I'd be late.
I know what Tom can do.
I hope Tom stays in Boston.
I hope Tom stays in Boston for at least another three days.
I have had it with Tom.
Don't say anything to Tom.
Don't say anything to Tom about what happened.
Don't forget about Tom.
Does Tom know anything?
Did you really go to Boston last weekend?
I enjoy it a lot.
That's his one and only concern.
Don't bother with that now!
Heil Hitler!
What did the dog say to the other?
This is a play on words.
What did one dog say to the other?
Want an apple?
"What time will it be?" he wondered.
Wherever he goes, he has bodyguards with him.
Wherever she goes, she has bodyguards with her.
Then, how?
You learned quickly.
Make some hot tea for yourself.
Why won't you make it?
No, not me, you!
Tom fell out of the tree.
I'm learning Spanish.
He wasn't sleeping.
The video went viral.
Name-calling is never productive.
People shouldn't feel sorry for me.
I'm just minding my own business.
What part of "Be patient" don't you understand?
I'm there.
I will live forever.
They are nowhere in sight.
They haven't seen the likes of it.
A bad apple tree gives bad apples.
You have a car.
They drink coffee.
Eve gave Adam the apple of knowledge.
How many apples have you eaten today?
Some boys don't like apples.
From the words on this list, how many can you understand?
I don't want a banana.
I don't want an apple.
I don't want fruit.
Do you want fruit?
He wants a banana.
How many of the words on this list do you know?
How many of the words on this list do you not know?
How many of the words on this list don't you know?
The dolphin wants to eat.
I bought a cat at this shop.
We'll return.
The refrigerator is closed.
It seems easy.
Don't answer.
The man I see is very tall.
I'll give support to anyone at all who asks it of me.
He cut it with the knife.
He cut it with the knife that he got as a gift from his brother.
They bought a house in Connemara last year.
There's a man at the door who's asking to speak with you.
Last week he saw an old friend whom he hadn't seen in years.
Colm is the guy who I thought saw me.
They're making something or other here.
I like the picture I'm watching now.
Will you do the work that Seosamh didn't do?
The people who left yesterday are from Scotland.
She doesn't like the food that Bríd makes.
I like the food that Cáit makes best.
She doesn't enjoy the food that Bríd makes for her.
Peige is probably the one who'll finish the work.
I don't understand the questions that the teacher sets.
Call the doctor.
Which of them do you prefer?
What's your favourite food?
Who's going to be here?
Which woman were you talking with?
When is the last time he was here?
What time will you come back?
How is the work progressing?
Mary thinks that she is ugly.
What newspaper would you prefer?
What film did ye see?
Who owns this food?
What language do you speak with your parents?
Why did you buy a turtle?
We have sinned, Lord, forgive us.
Why did he call me?
Where's Mary?
They see it.
How was the play?
He was wearing a hat.
How did you like the play?
I want to eat this.
May I eat that orange?
You'll need money.
What are ye doing?
We need to remember Tom.
Tom's parents aren't living anymore.
Tom's parents are dead.
Tom's funeral is today.
Tom's French has improved.
Tom's French has gotten better.
Tom's eyes are closed.
Tom's blood type is O+.
Tom's blood type is O positive.
Tom would likely agree.
Tom would likely agree with you.
Tom would likely agree to do that.
Tom will probably know what we need to do.
Tom will probably know what needs to be done.
Tom wasn't invited to Mary's party.
Tom used to talk about Mary all the time.
Tom told me he never said that.
Tom told Mary he wanted to visit Australia.
It will change your life for the worst.
Philosophers distinguish between a priori and a posteriori knowledge.
I probably should've asked Tom that question.
That's scary and hilarious at the same time.
Tom told Mary he wanted to move to Boston.
Tom told Mary he couldn't do what she asked him to do.
Tom should've stayed a little longer.
Tom sang with Mary.
Tom said this movie wasn't very good.
Tom said this movie was pretty good.
Tom said that he never said that.
Tom said it would be OK to do this.
Tom said it would be OK if I didn't attend this afternoon's meeting.
Tom said it could take a few hours to do it.
Tom said he thought we shouldn't go to Mary's party.
Tom said he thought we should try to get there early.
Tom said he thought the pilot was drunk.
Tom asked me what I had done.
Tom always seems to be working.
O positive is the most common blood type.
If you ever come to Boston, you're welcome to stay with us.
Mark spoke for two hours.
Even though the weather was fine, I gave him my coat as he was going out.
I traveled through all of Italy.
What has been done?
Nothing has been done.
Mary came to Brazil.
I traveled all through the Netherlands.
In the winter I'm in the city, but I stay in the country for the summer.
Did it require a lot of work for you to learn Latin?
What I'll do is: I'll clean the room.
Tom is caught between Scylla and Charybdis.
You don't miss the water 'til the well runs dry.
It doesn't make a blind bit of difference.
He's finally over her.
"It was a blondeーa blonde to make a bishop kick a hole through a stained-glass window"
When did you leave?
Do you usually go to the country in the summer?
He's not backwards about coming forward.
He's not ashamed to blow his own trumpet.
He's not shy about putting himself front and centre.
I will stay in New York for five days.
Do you read while you're eating lunch?
I traveled all through France.
Right now, I've got bigger fish to fry.
Right now, I have more urgent matters to take care of.
There's more than one way to do it.
Marry in haste, repent in leisure.
I wouldn't throw him out of bed for eating crackers.
I have a crow to pluck with you.
In theory, theory and practice should be the same, but in practice, they're not.
I'm not the pheasant plucker, I'm the pheasant plucker's son. I'm only plucking pheasants 'til the pheasant plucker comes.
She is as mad as a bag of cats.
She is completely crazy.
Don't go reminding me.
If you can read this, you're too close.
How long did you speak with Tom?
What's another word for 'thesaurus'?
Tokyo is in Japan.
Sometimes the only way out is 'through'.
I like dewberries.
With whom did they speak?
I wouldn't send a dog out on a night like that.
I began to be tired.
Sometimes in life you have to take the rough with the smooth.
Let's run it up the flagpole and see who salutes.
With whom did my father speak?
Who did they speak with?
I'd rather have a full bottle in front of me than a pre-frontal lobotomy.
I hate people who just parrot things they've learned from books.
I hate people who just rabbit on about themselves.
I hate it when people try to duck their responsibilities.
Today I'm having lunch with my brother.
Today I'm having lunch with my sister.
It's rude to wolf down your food like that.
Tom wouldn't stop badgering me.
Tom was the one who gave me Mary's phone number.
Tom never gave up on me.
Tom needs to use a cane.
Tom needs to get help.
Tom needs a lot of help.
Tom made it easy for me.
Tom made everyone smile.
Tom isn't very active.
Tom isn't the champion.
Tom isn't smart enough.
Tom isn't looking well.
Tom isn't confident.
Tom is serious about this.
Tom is really dangerous.
Tom is now thirty years old.
Tom is now in Australia.
Tom is next on the list.
Tom is just plain wrong.
Tom is improving slowly.
Tom is going to Harvard.
Tom is extremely clumsy.
Tom is extremely bright.
Tom is a very smart guy.
Tom is a bit of a sissy.
Tom hasn't won anything.
Tom hasn't forgotten us.
Tom hasn't been sleeping well.
Tom has yet to be found.
Tom has worked very hard.
Tom has to listen to us.
Tom has three suggestions.
Tom has suffered a lot.
Tom has really helped me.
Tom has never been in trouble.
Tom has had a busy week.
Tom has done that before.
Tom has been reprimanded.
Tom has been doing great.
Tom has a lot of energy.
Tom drank a lot of beer.
Tom didn't give details.
Tom and I keep in touch.
Please add Tom's name to the list.
Please add Tom to the list.
No one knew who Tom was.
I went to school in Boston.
I told Tom that I liked Mary.
I thought I saw Tom in the park, but it was someone else.
I think Tom is a genius.
I said that I liked Tom.
I must admit I like Tom.
I laughed when Tom told me he was planning to get married.
I laughed when Tom said that.
I knew Tom would do that.
I hope Tom will call me.
I hope Tom can get help.
I hope Tom can come to my party.
How many men named Tom do you know?
Everyone knows Tom was the one who broke the window.
Everyone knows Tom isn't happy here.
Does Tom look thirty to you?
Misfortune dogged him all his life.
We have ten cows.
Tom thinks that Mary's work is easy.
There's something fishy going on in there.
We had a whale of a time at the beach.
Tom believed that John was his brother.
I think that we're ready to seal the deal.
He chickened out at the last moment.
He's as stubborn as a mule.
I love you and always will love you.
He loved to throw the cat amongst the pigeons.
He loves to ride on his high horse.
He's a wolf in sheep's clothing.
He wouldn't stop badgering me.
The sparrow was killed by the cat.
He said he'd keep schtum, but in the end he squealed like a pig.
He's always strutting around like a peacock.
Wall Street has too many bulls and not enough bears.
Don't be such a pig! Leave some for everyone else.
Fishing is not permitted in this river.
Swimming is not permitted in this river.
Watch outーthat guy is a real snake in the grass.
Swimming in this lake is not permitted.
This sparrow can't fly. Its wings are broken.
He looked at her with doey eyes.
She was a real ugly duckling as a kid.
She really got my goat.
In the end, her glare cowed him into submission.
We know very well where our developments will take us. Besides, in the team, everyone does as he pleases.
In Italy, they work five days a week.
This car is my father's, but soon it will be mine.
How many countries are in Africa?
Human stupidity is without limits.
Human stupidity knows no limits.
Is there something amiss with her?
Strawberry juice is good for the memory.
Can a cup of tea remedy anything?
An optimist believes we are living in the best of all possible world; a pessimist tends to agree with him.
Nothing's been done.
What's been done?
She only knew German.
His sympathy was nothing but show.
I tried to dissuade him from participating in the project.
Would you like to go to Boston with us?
Would you like to go fishing with me this weekend?
What's Tom been doing lately?
What's happening in Boston?
What would I say to Tom?
What kind of man is Tom?
Tom's worries are over.
Tom's wife supports him.
Tom's wife died in 2013.
Tom's plan was rejected.
Tom's plan was horrible.
Tom's idea is brilliant.
Tom wasn't exaggerating.
Tom wasn't a very nice man.
Tom wasn't a very good man.
Tom was unharmed.
Tom was told to go home.
Tom was here as well.
Tom was here, too.
Tom was fined $300.
Tom was able to do that.
Tom was a very nice man.
Tom was a very good man.
Tom was a friend of John's.
Tom wants to come home.
Tom wants to be with us.
Tom used to be a waiter.
Tom started working here last Monday.
Tom shouldn't back down.
Tom should move quickly.
Tom should be in jail.
Tom says he plans to be in Boston next weekend.
Tom says he needs a hat.
Tom said there have been a few problems.
Tom resigned last Monday.
Tom owns everything now.
Tom isn't a very nice man.
Tom isn't a very good man.
Tom is only a junior.
Tom is already over thirty.
Tom is a very good man.
Tom is a friendly guy.
Tom is a football player.
Tom has solved that problem.
Tom has really helped us.
Tom has really helped out.
Tom has passed every test.
Tom has made a difference.
I wish I could sing as well as Tom.
I wish I could sing like Tom.
I hated to see Tom leave.
I bought this from Tom.
I assume you know Tom.
I asked Tom for his keys.
How many of you know Tom?
How can Tom not see that?
How can Tom not understand that?
How can I get rid of Tom?
Do you know Tom and Mary?
Can I ask Tom about that?
I'll stay in Rome for three days.
I'll stay in Paris for seven days.
I'll stay in Tokyo for eight days.
I'll stay in Moscow for six days.
I'll stay in Beijing for four days.
I'll stay in Athens for nine days.
Did you stay long at his place?
I'm departing this evening.
I'll remain in Rome for three days.
Moscow is in Russia.
I'll stay in Berlin for ten days.
How long did you stay at her place?
A great man has died.
Will you help?
"He has to be taken to the hospital? But what is it?" "It's a big building with patients, but that's not important right now."
Why did you give him money?
Tom taught Mary to paint.
Mary taught Tom to paint.
Do you want to learn to paint?
Mary is teaching me to paint.
Don't just stand. Pose!
Why didn't you give Tom the money he asked for?
Why did you give Tom so much money?
Why did you give Tom money?
I'll stay in Boston for three more days.
I'll stay in Boston for three days.
I'll remain in Boston for three days.
I'd hoped I could stay in Boston for three more days.
I plan to stay in Boston for three more days.
I plan to stay in Boston for three days.
How long did you stay at Tom's place?
Did you stay at Tom's place for a long time?
Tom is teaching me to paint.
I plan to stay in Boston for another three days.
One should always give something to beggars.
I'll stay in Boston for another three days.
The old man knows that he will die soon.
Free man, always you will cherish the sea.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Your only duty is to save your dreams.
I wish I had more energy.
The sea that we see dancing there along the clear bays has silver reflections ... the sea ... reflections changing in the rain ...
He's just a husk of his former self.
Ecuador, due to the earthquake, is more united.
What's making you so busy?
Catholicism repudiates the idea of reincarnation.
Tom took a lot of photographs.
They weren't afraid.
He's always learning something.
He's eight as of yesterday.
Which one of you two are coming with me?
He was glad the peace treaty was signed.
We were cold.
The result was my internment in Villete.
His sneezing interfered with our conversation.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
All animals, except man, know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.
An uninterpreted dream is like an unopened letter.
At what time do you start work?
Flowers die without water.
I'll remain in Beijing for four days.
Are we mortal or immortal?
They gathered the pieces of the broken dish.
You're getting ready.
The stocks fell in value overnight.
I got married eight years ago.
The patient's condition improved.
That will be enough for the moment.
I'll go shopping this afternoon, though I don't have much money.
Tom's stressful job is having a detrimental effect on his health.
Divers who surface too quickly run the risk of contracting the bends.
There's a fine line between tax minimisation and tax avoidance.
Tom's not in a good headspace at the moment.
Tom forgot to flush the toilet.
Why are you waiting in line?
The room is cleaned by Tom.
I am sure that he will win.
Be careful! The soup is very hot.
I would gladly go to the beach with you, but I don't have the time today.
They have a beautiful house.
The class was canceled due to the storm.
I pretended that I did not understand.
You aren't allowed to go into that room.
Can you wait ten minutes?
If you'd known, you would've told me, wouldn't you?
If you knew, you'd tell me, wouldn't you?
Are you still planning on going back to Boston?
There's a fine line between tax minimization and tax avoidance.
I am sorry if I am bothering you.
What you have done is absolutely inexcusable.
You have laughed at me.
They have laughed at me.
There's no other solution.
I'm going to behead you. I promise you that.
For her first task at the TV station, Mary had to report on a football game.
Tom wears silk ties.
How many yellow flowers are there there?
Marie prepared her own meal.
Esperanto's grammer is very simple.
The boy is brave.
I do not have to listen to that.
Tom's arm must be amputated.
Here is the boy who found your watch.
She said that she really likes flowers.
I was working with her.
The French alphabet contains twenty-six letters: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z.
Do that!
Don't drive!
Did you hear what we were saying?
Is it Friday?
I have already started.
Is there another solution?
Why does everyone think I am stupid?
I have done all this work for nothing.
Dad, can I go and play outside?
Tom does not know what the difference is between astronomy and astrology.
I hope that you will return.
We have invited our new neighbours for a drink.
Tom has done what he had to do.
I would like to visit Egypt, one day.
In the years to come, the vine will give many grapes.
Where is Julia? She is in her room.
Which language do you use when you speak to your parents?
I am at the bank.
They chose me for that.
I love you but not because you love me.
An apple floats in water, but not a pear.
It has not stopped raining for several days.
The trouble with quotes on the Internet is that you never know whether or not they are genuine.
The problem with quotes on the Internet is that it is hard to verify their authenticity.
All their plans have gone wrong.
I believe in that.
I believe in this.
I can't handle it.
I can't help that.
I couldn't buy it.
I didn't buy that.
I didn't feel bad.
I didn't know Tom.
I didn't say much.
I didn't see much.
I didn't touch it.
I don't deny this.
I don't know much.
I don't know who'll be here tomorrow.
I feel very upset.
I have bad credit.
I have no details.
I have no savings.
I have short arms.
I have to survive.
I hope that you'll come back.
I hope you'll come back.
I know Tom is smart.
I lead by example.
I love this group.
I see their point.
I think it's good.
I think Tom is dead.
I think Tom is fine.
I thought of that.
I want this phone.
I want your money.
I was ready today.
I was so confused.
I wish we weren't always so busy.
I won't negotiate.
I worked with Tom.
I'd like to visit Boston one day.
I'll never change.
I'll vote for you.
I'll wait and see what happens.
I'll wait and see.
I'm a little hurt.
I'm a team player.
I'm about Tom's age.
I'm actually done.
I'm glad I'm done.
I'm glad they won.
I've enjoyed it.
I couldn't talk Tom into coming with us.
Today's been a difficult day.
I don't have to listen to that.
Why does everyone think I'm stupid?
What you've done is absolutely inexcusable.
I'm sorry if I'm bothering you.
On the one eye, watch the outside world, on the other look deep inside yourself.
One day you wake up like a skylark, a winged express at its fastest, devising pursuits to embark on, but this disappears by breakfast.
Lest the maturing children implement designs trailblazing and unequalled, the ample nipples of their motherland burst with debilitating liquor.
It would have to be something like this: And God will say to me: "You are a failure. What was your mission? Why your laughter?" I will reply "I comforted the slaves who labored." And God will hark, and weep thereafter.
If you do that, you will need to face the consequences.
Where has the time gone?
It's unbelievable how fast time flies.
The ash tree, which is in our garden, still hasn't sprouted. And it will be the end of may soon.
After Tom had drunk quite a bit of beer at the party, he imitated Chewbacca's voice.
He resigned because of an illness.
After you had left, he came.
We need to discuss many things.
The discussion was being cancelled.
Get some tofu on the way back.
Tom finished his coffee and went off to work.
I kept working.
Why do you always butt in?
Tom will be jealous.
Wine makes man's heart happy.
Sex is good.
It goes against logic.
Use your brain!
You need to do more research.
Some things should be left as is.
Did Tom tell you he would be going out today?
You have it all backwards.
You're living in a fantasy land.
Some people don't want to see others improve.
All of us should strive for immortality.
When are you staying in Japan till?
Are there others that have questions?
Does anyone still have a question?
I want something to read for when I take the train.
I go swimming every day.
When was it you last borrowed books from the library?
Wet clothing clings to the skin.
It's a very difficult question.
I'll clean up the house before my parents come.
Mary isn't really sick; she's just pretending.
The patient was transferred to the cardiology ward.
Would you like me to switch on the light?
He bore criticism with great indulgence.
She eats facing her husband.
He's putting himself in debt.
They end up with clean dirt.
I have no idea of what I want to become.
May I borrow that book from you?
There are known errors and omissions.
Freedom lies in simplicity.
In simplicity there is freedom.
Friends who pay a visit are an ornament to the home.
It's what you do and not what you say that shows who you really are.
Today it is Friday. Tomorrow it's already the weekend!
A cloud is an accumulation of water vapour in the sky.
In the end, with effort everything will be good.
How long does the spring break last?
Can she cycle?
Can she ride a bike?
This is the highest tower in Japan.
What's the plan for tomorrow?
I got lost, and to make it even worse, it then began to rain.
Didn't you hear me shouting to you?
The cost is $300.
It was my destiny.
We're behind you.
We're firing you.
You're all wrong.
Tom's plan isn't working.
We've got to win.
Tom was here for a while.
Tom got to know Mary well.
You have my vote.
We're closing up.
That's so untrue.
We're all unique.
What are your plans for tomorrow?
Why does my dog hate Tom?
We're fine today.
You could go back to Boston if you wanted to.
Tom used to come here all the time.
That's a waste of time.
What fun is that?
This is our team.
Tom said he knew where Mary had hidden the money she had stolen.
Why does Tom stay?
This isn't scary.
They made us pay.
This one is ours.
That's an option.
We're still open.
This can't go on.
Tom has a good job now.
We're not normal.
Tom says he doesn't remember what happened that night.
This isn't music.
Tom tried to do too much.
Tom said he had no money.
That's a waste of money.
That's our money.
We're both men.
Tom probably should've been at today's meeting.
Tom told me he loves me.
Tom was like a son to me.
Tom was real nice to me.
Why is Tom afraid of Mary?
We're just lucky.
We've done a lot.
Tom said he knew where Mary lived.
That's just life.
That's state law.
What'll we do if Tom is late?
That's a big kid.
What a sick joke!
Tom used to love his job.
That's not a job.
Tom says he didn't do it.
We didn't buy it.
What can Tom do about it?
Tom was killed instantly.
We took Tom home.
When will Tom get back home?
Tom told me he was happy here.
Tom told me he wasn't happy here.
Tom probably should've studied harder.
We're very happy.
Tom's password was easy to guess.
That wasn't good.
We still have a long way to go.
Well, here we go.
They're so funny.
Would you like to have some fun?
That's all folks.
Let the kids off the bus first.
You're all fired.
You're just fine.
We're so excited.
Tom stole everything.
This can be done.
What would we do?
That's all we do.
That's what I do.
Tom said he wants to die.
I sent Mary flowers on Valentine's Day.
Tom still comes here every day.
Who's in control?
I've made my choice.
I missed you a lot while you were in Boston.
That helps a bit.
I hurt my back.
Tom was shot in the back.
Tom promised he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom promised he wouldn't tell anybody.
We all get along.
We all got along.
Tom tried to warn us all.
I got married three years ago.
We got married three years ago.
We're all adults.
We're not active.
Tom wrote essays on it.
Are you sure you want to live like a caveman?
Don't point the finger at others, point the finger at yourself.
You'll have to notify your boss about that.
Don't be a victim.
Everyone needs a big hug.
Hi, we are calling to report a missing person.
Ignorance gets you nowhere in life.
My son, Tom, and his fiancée, Mary, got married today.
Tom tells me he doesn't care whether you like it or not.
Mary cheated on Tom and then he cheated on her.
Alice had no idea that Tom was already married to Mary.
Wow, you're on the front page!
Every sentient creature deserves compassion.
Tom never wanted to go swimming as a kid.
Tom works full time.
Tom wants to go vegan.
Tom doesn't want to become vegan.
No one knows everything. That would be impossible.
Who do you think you're talking to?
The less you learn, the more you'll fail.
Nothing is more disgraceful.
Now I know what love is.
Stop fighting, you two!
Tom was the last to find out about it.
Stop using my stuff!
You are more than welcome to come over.
We need to start promoting peace and compassion more.
Did Tom just leave?
She doesn't want forgiveness.
Education is the key to knowledge.
I swear I wasn't there.
Tom's friend will have a colonoscopy tomorrow.
Forgiveness is a virtue.
I admire his dedication.
You drank a beer at lunch, didn't you?
I admire Tom's dedication.
I will not be home most of the day tomorrow.
That is madly expensive.
What is the weather for tomorrow?
He is driving very fast.
Don't hate what you don't understand.
He hesitated to take part in the reunion.
How come you're late?
Where is your teaching material?
Where is your homework?
Please get out the homework.
Your physical condition is crucial.
The situation is disastrous.
Things have gotten serious.
When things go down hill and light at the end of the tunnel isn't visible, then it is time to strategically develop developmental plans.
Mary is in very great danger.
Tom seems to have trouble walking.
You are speaking like a white supremacist.
Catfish have no scales.
You haven't said anything to Tom, have you?
The father sorrowfully buried his son.
Tom began to beat his daughter.
Tom began to beat his son.
Tom beat the dog.
Tom said that he would always love Mary.
Tom beats his girlfriend.
I want you to answer me.
New York is in the United States.
Berlin is in Germany.
How long did you speak with Mary?
Paris is in France.
I'll remain in Moscow for six days.
They say that Mary came to Brazil.
They say that you are wise.
I waited for him for one hour.
You're writing.
What will I do in Paris?
What will I do in Rome?
I rarely walk to work.
I seldom walk to work.
How many times do you wash your hands every day?
They used to like that game.
Does your back still hurt?
My grandmother told me about her whole life.
My grandma has told me about her whole life.
That is Tom's perfume? I always thought that was his older-man-stench.
Tom fried three eggs in the pan and put in bacon too, which sizzled and smelled delicious.
Tom took the axe and went to chop down some trees in the forest; because he wanted to build a new barrier.
I left Tom's sentence alone despite the unchanged spelling mistake.
Tom may need a new house.
Tom isn't very religious.
Tom is truly a great guy.
Tom is too tired to talk.
Tom is still pretty young.
Tom is still going strong.
Tom is really a good guy.
Tom is proud of his past.
Tom is looking good today.
Tom is looking for advice.
Tom is going to survive.
Tom is going to enjoy it.
Tom is currently married.
Tom is also in the choir.
Tom is about thirty years old.
Tom is a terrible manager.
Tom is a grouchy old man.
Tom hasn't done what he was supposed to do.
Tom hasn't been replaced.
Tom has several children.
He imposed laws on the state.
I'll remain in New York for five days.
How do you avoid grazing between meals?
"How long did you stay in that house?" "I stayed there until my mother died."
They say that Tom came to Brazil.
He has a cat.
I must buy some new clothes.
The girl had a big red hat.
His clothes have become too small for him.
Do you think that I'm sad?
Tom has outgrown his clothes.
Why do you think I'm not happy?
What makes you think I'm not happy?
It is my curse, I suppose.
Tom's clothes have become too small for him.
My parents live in a big house.
My parents' house is really big.
I'm afraid of my mother.
My parents are afraid of me.
I'm afraid to walk down that street.
I'm afraid of my boss.
My boss is an idiot.
My brother and I are in the same class.
I am in the same class as my brother.
Today we had a party at school.
She has no control over her class.
My sister still lives with our parents.
Dinda, Nurul and Sabina are friends. They've known each other since they were children.
You're more than welcome to come over.
Mary thinks that Tom is a murderer.
After she said these things, she departed.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are friends. They've known each other since they were children.
Tom and Mary have known each other since they were children.
Tom said that he'd always love Mary.
Stop using my stuff.
The audience applauded the actors for their performance.
You have no fever whatsoever.
I can't eat that food.
Please listen to me attentively.
What does he want me to do?
What does she want me to do?
Mary sat next to Tom.
What did they say first?
I began to write a book.
What color do you want to dye your hair?
My letters haven't been sent yet.
Tom was driven out of the synagogue.
Tom was driven out of the church.
He is more stupid than you think.
I don't know where you come from.
When will the debate take place?
Tom's house was struck by lightning.
Mary's house was struck by lightning.
My father gave me the book as a gift.
I like to eat fish.
I think that someone followed me.
What are you asking us?
What did you request from him?
What are you asking me?
You're a teacher and you don't know these things?
Mary lived for ninety-nine years.
The most advanced voice recognition techniques are based on neural networks.
Mary is poor.
Spiders have eight legs.
Scorpions have eight legs.
Spiders and scorpions have eight legs.
His bravery should be praised.
Where did you learn to read?
Do you want to climb the mountain?
Why is your wife sad?
A few fragments of dead leaves floated on the pond.
She rejected me.
There is such a multitude of stars that they cannot be counted.
The old man you just saw is my grandfather.
The old woman you just saw is my grandmother.
Mary says she's innocent.
They all say they're innocent.
I'm amazed that Tom said nothing.
The tree is flowering.
The president said that he would fight for his country.
The old man walked slowly.
He focused his business on the metropolitan area.
The old man is near death.
Mary began to beat Tom.
Mary began to beat her daughter.
Mary said that she would always love Tom.
Mary says that she loves Tom.
Mary says that she loved Tom.
Mary said that she loved Tom and always would love him.
Mary said that she had never loved Tom, nor would she ever love him.
I've lost my watch and I can't find it.
Why are you beating me?
Why do you beat your children?
No one of the Greeks was better in battles than Achilles.
Achilles defeated Hector, but after a short time he himself was killed in battle.
He's afraid of his father.
Tom hates his last name.
How do you avoid snacking between meals?
Our peace shall stand as firm as rocky mountains.
True hope is swift, and flies with swallow's wings.
I'm missing you.
Let us help one another.
It was her idea to sell the house.
My house is in the middle of the town.
I live in the town centre.
I will never be late again.
I hope you were not in my room again.
Once a man came to the house to kill my father.
It was really good to see you again.
We all need help from time to time.
When was the last time you said "I love you"?
Where the hell are you?
Where the hell did I put it?
Which textbook are you using?
The windows were open.
I never wanted to do this.
I'll never be late again.
He bought many books at the bookstore.
Here is a reminder for young people: you will all die sometime.
Here is Mary's dog.
Do they have a dictionary?
Where is the ship?
We gave him an apple.
He also likes books.
I opened an eye.
Paul doesn't speak Portuguese well.
Close the refrigerator.
The refrigerator is dirty.
He knows neither German nor French.
Here are the gifts.
They see him.
You're learning, right?
Mary is learning.
We're learning.
Tom found your keys.
I need to repair that.
According to the weather forecast, it's supposed to snow tomorrow.
I finally made the connection.
The urge to snack is hard to resist.
Tom has had a great year.
Tom didn't sound worried.
Tom does outstanding work.
Tom did outstanding work.
Tom doesn't speak French well.
Tom does it very well.
Tom did everything well.
Tom has come a long ways.
Tom did a nice job today.
Tom didn't want these.
Tom did a nice job there.
Tom doesn't believe that.
Tom didn't even smile.
Tom asked me if I was OK.
Tom could be dead by now.
Tom got stuck in the mud.
Tom has had a busy month.
Tom had no idea that Mary was already married.
Tom can do what he likes.
Tom has had quite a life.
Tom has had a great life.
Tom cut the apple in half with his knife.
Tom cut it with his knife.
Tom has a son named John.
Tom didn't understand it.
Tom didn't mean to do it.
Tom didn't have to do it.
Tom asked me if I liked it.
Tom has an odd sense of humor.
Tom has poisoned himself.
Tom did a great job here.
Tom got poked in the eye.
Tom has a lot of courage.
Tom probably doesn't care.
Tom didn't miss anything.
Tom told me he'd never be late again.
The rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer.
I share your opinion.
I'm not your commanding officer.
They were schoolchildren then.
I'm afraid when I'm alone in the house.
I want a good life for my family.
I could have died.
I've been alone all my life.
It must keep going despite everything!
I'm not satisfied with you.
I'm not satisfied with your performance.
It could have been any of us.
I could have gone to the seaside but I went to the mountains.
She has had this house since 2010.
According to her, he's not going.
According to statistics, world population is on the rise.
According to the weather forecast, a storm's coming.
His love is revealed in his gaze
Did you use toilet paper?
I love whatever is beautiful.
This is going to be a great day!
The new shopping mall that opened last week closes at midnight every night.
I'm asking your opinion.
Mary made peace with Tom.
I hope that you will be my friends.
I could've gone to the seaside, but I went to the mountains instead.
I hope that you'll be my friends.
I don't know who this man is.
I don't know where you are now.
He opens the window.
I'm well today.
If you don't speak up, he's not gonna hear you.
If you don't talk louder, he won't be able to hear you.
Without me, what will become of them?
If I won the lottery, I'd buy you a new car.
Hiya, kiddo!
After Good Friday comes Easter.
Before you go out, close the doors.
I know you told me when you'd be coming, but I couldn't get there then.
Some people don't like chickens.
Some people don't like chicken.
I want you to lead.
She is as old as the devil's grandmother.
Because there were no taxis, I had to walk home.
That lies outside my area of study.
Act, instead of talking.
Language creates awareness.
I managed to escape.
Ask Tom if he speaks French.
Has Tom been getting into trouble?
I almost slapped Tom.
I didn't shoot Tom.
I followed Tom's advice.
I knew Tom had done it.
I knew Tom was the one who did it.
I think his name was Tom.
I think Tom is trying.
I think Tom is very cool.
I was eager to visit Tom.
I wish Tom hadn't done that.
I'm a lot nicer than Tom.
I'm not going to go to Tom's party.
Is Tom a good son-in-law?
Is Tom really a nice guy?
It was Tom's idea to sell our house.
It won't be easy for Tom.
It worked out OK for Tom.
There is a place for Tom here.
This car used to be owned by Tom.
This is no place for Tom.
I'm not putting you under arrest.
I'm not arresting you.
I'm not placing you under arrest.
And where do you want to sit?
Just a little bit is enough for me.
How did you get this injury on your foot?
Where did that injury on your foot come from?
This table is missing a leg.
After the residents leave, the house is empty.
Are you used to living in the dorms?
You should learn to control your emotions.
Sydney is Australia's largest city.
His goal in buying land is to build a house.
He bought land for the purpose of building a house.
I didn't do anything during my vacation.
Over the holidays I didn't do anything.
Not all of us who have dyslexia mixed up "d" and "b" when we were little.
Maybe people like us shouldn't have children.
What did you say again?
Let's begin!
Do they have a bicycle?
Tom bought flowers.
Did you already brush your teeth?
It is very wet.
Whenever you are sad, start to sing. You will realize that your voice is worse than your problems.
I live to eat.
70% of English people don't speak a second language.
Hell would be paradise for a masochist.
We must start immediately.
I want pizza.
I don't understand Portuguese.
My wife loves her garden.
The skyscrapers of the future will be made of wood.
You have to climb an exhausting steps up the hill before reaching Mary's house.
The need to learn makes us better people.
Does he have a bicycle?
Does she have a bicycle?
I am Thomas's cousin.
Can you tell me who is going to come tonight?
Strawberry juice is good for your memory.
The woman cries before the wedding and the man afterwards.
Thomas is not wearing a shirt.
She got really sad because of what he said.
They didn't know what they should have done with him.
What is the difference between hedgehogs and porcupines?
She'll get married soon.
Can you go look for help?
Tell me what is depressing you so much.
You know why.
Does your boyfriend like to drink tea?
I want to buy books.
Parking is not allowed here.
Your daughter is a drug addict.
I like his cat.
I like her cat.
Emily is an Australian citizen.
Two is a pair.
I read in order to learn.
Eat and drink all that you want!
We are setting ourselves free from the fear of death.
I won first place.
We were playing on the beach.
Who else, other than you, knows about Tom's past?
I want to visit the Philippines.
Who benefits?
Happiness was short-lived.
Our children like the dog, but I like the cat.
I can see Mary's house, even her pink Mazda, using Google Map's street view feature.
Her eyes were flooded with tears.
I cannot finish reading such a thick book in a week.
I'm not choosing them.
You arrive early.
Shit is happening.
For what aim did you acquire it?
"How did she get in here?" Through the window".
They're who broke the window yesterday.
Censorship is a terrible practice.
Tom doesn't buy bread.
Tom isn't buying bread.
Allow me to kiss you again.
On that day I forgot my wallet at home.
Do you like the white wine?
A cat would have seen a bird.
They asked me for my name, my address, and the purpose of my trip.
To threaten the children of a blind fighter for human rights, who's daughter can't go to school, is extremely cowardly. A government who's guilty of that kind of abomination is not worth any respect from its population.
That part of the film that's very critical of the internal politics of the government was rejected by censorship.
You explained the lesson.
She is cleaning a car.
How did you become a cop?
It's very easy to learn how to swim.
I won't bring up Marika again to you. I promise you that.
We must stop incitement of the weak.
Wherever he arrived, he was accepted as a friend.
I don't usually do that.
Finally I uncovered the truth.
He went away to Tokyo.
The frosty winter will soon come to an end.
What does Tom read?
Light comes from the East.
Who will guard the guards themselves?
Hail, Caesar, those who are about to die salute you.
The leaves fall in autumn.
Blessed are the poor in spirit.
Pray and work.
Of two evils, choose the lesser.
When will the train arrive?
While you play, I read.
I don't have my own e-mail server.
I agreed with that.
I almost didn't do that.
I already know this.
I also speak French.
I called my mother.
I can do everything.
I can't fight this.
I can't handle this.
I can't lose weight.
I can't study here.
I could've done that.
I couldn't handle it.
I did all I could do.
I didn't drink much.
I didn't feel safe.
I didn't hit anybody.
I didn't know anybody there.
I didn't need this.
I didn't read that.
I didn't really care.
I didn't start this.
I do make mistakes.
I don't blame anyone.
I don't feel nervous.
I don't feel tired.
I don't feel unsafe.
I don't honestly know.
I don't like anybody.
I don't like trains.
I don't make excuses.
I don't regret this.
I don't trust them.
I feel good enough.
I feel I can do that.
I feel slightly sick.
I felt I had to stay.
I get self-conscious.
I got Tom to take my picture.
Does Tom have a bicycle?
Here's a list of everything you need to do.
I have an old computer that I don't want anymore.
Show me what's in your pockets.
Tom isn't wearing a shirt.
Why didn't you just kiss Tom?
Parking isn't allowed here.
"How did Tom get in here?" "He came in through the window that you left unlocked."
And what do you know!
Are you drinking coffee with sugar?
What do bees eat?
She needs to repair the refrigerator.
She has to fix the fridge.
I thought you were off duty today.
My lady-friends fondly call my prick ‘Rumor’, because it goes from mouth to mouth.
I like playing football.
It is easier to have fun than to work.
The idea isn't new.
They showed me a lot of nice pictures.
There aren't too many shops around here.
I suppose it was somewhere else.
You mustn't enter here.
It may take over an hour.
We've been waiting for over two months.
It's very wet.
I've been able to read since I was five.
I will be able to speak English well soon.
It's important to be able to drive a car these days.
I'll try to do it as fast as I can.
I'm looking for my keys.I might have left it at home.
You'll be able to notice.
I would never let him touch the Porsche.
Please give me a pen and some sheets of paper.
Please give me a pen and some pieces of paper.
Some of us had things to do.
I want you to bring it back to me.
It doesn't rain very much around here.
We don't get much rain around here.
It doesn't rain a lot around here.
We don't get a lot of rain around here.
I've won three times.
I've only lost twice.
I've noticed that.
I've never stolen anything.
I've never been back to Boston.
I've made mistakes.
I've made an appointment.
I've got long hair.
I've been so busy.
I'm very, very lucky.
I'm very, very happy.
I'm still excited.
I'm still a member.
I'm really surprised.
I'm really happy now.
I'm quite happy here.
I'm pretty satisfied.
I'm pretty rattled.
I'm pretty much done.
I'm pretty excited.
I'm not very tired.
I'm not too worried.
I'm not too picky.
I'm not religious.
I'm not into that.
I'm not getting paid.
I'm not even thirty yet.
I'm not disappointed.
I'm not confident.
I'm not concerned.
I'm not an addict.
I'm not afraid now.
I'm not a reporter.
I'm not a fighter.
I'm holding up fine.
I'm happy with this.
I'm glad it happened.
I'm feeling guilty.
I'm absolutely fine.
I'm a sports fanatic.
I'm a single parent.
I'm a problem solver.
I'm a private person.
I'm a little upset.
I'm a business man.
I'll try to never be late again.
I'll never go there.
I'll never do that.
I'll most likely win.
I'll miss everybody.
I'll keep doing it.
I'll eat the oranges.
I'd tried everything.
I'd never done this before.
I'd never been there.
I'd like to live in Australia.
I'd like a coffee.
I'd do this every day.
I wasn't too nervous.
I wasn't good enough.
I was very reluctant.
I was very flattered.
I was ready to do it.
I was pretty relaxed.
I used to not do that.
I totally freaked out.
I totally believe you.
I told you to call me.
I think you're drunk.
I think they're ready.
I think they're lying.
I think it's terrible.
I think it's nonsense.
I think it's natural.
I think it's hogwash.
I think it's awesome.
I think it's amazing.
I think everybody's tired.
I think everybody's hungry.
I think everybody's happy.
I still enjoy that.
I share your feelings.
I seldom make mistakes.
I really didn't care.
I plan to do it soon.
I need more caffeine.
I nearly blacked out.
I must have diabetes.
I made a lot of money.
I love this company.
I like good coffee.
I know I can do this.
I know I can do that.
I know a lot about it.
I knew I could do it.
I hope you're well.
I hope you'll agree.
I haven't done that.
I have seen it a lot.
I have no religion.
I had to leave my job.
I live in the middle of nowhere.
"Let's be honest. Is this a comic book version of a presidential campaign?" — "No, it's not a comic book and it's not a very nicely asked question the way you say that."
That's such a wonderful movie.
That was such a wonderful movie.
We see each other next week.
They sent the letters last month.
Tom doesn't have a shirt on.
The cat went through the boards.
For them, it has to be a larger number.
You are going through a difficult emotional time, but you will cope.
His kindness touched me.
It's time we do something.
When I got there, there was no more cake left.
So far nothing planned, but who knows.
This year I'm living at my grandparents'.
The paper is under the table.
My husband likes to sleep.
Please don't try this at home.
I'm really enjoying the corn.
The doctor thought that the patient's pulse was a little fast.
This book is pretty easy for me to read.
I've eaten.
There aren't enough banana trees.
He isn't a child.
They coughed.
They threw up.
He threw up.
She threw up.
Please, hurry up.
I bark like a dog.
Can you tell me who's coming tonight?
This car is my father's, but it'll soon be mine.
Sandwiches taste better with jam.
She's getting married soon.
He's getting married soon.
He doesn't know where Maria lives.
Do you know why cacti have spines?
I read the novels.
I didn't forget you.
Markus is shorter than Mario.
I'd like to be young again.
Any boy or girl can do it.
That's a very complicated question.
When is his birthday?
When is her birthday?
People can say what they want.
If only my thoughts were to come out of my mouth like a receipt being printed.
That is completely irrelevant.
You've made your bed, now lie in it.
I want to see your bed made.
You scared the hell out of me!
This country needs him.
Don't make me come in there!
He'd rather live in blissful ignorance.
The school will soon be closed because of the summer vacation.
Rumour has it that he got someone pregnant again.
I feel threatened right now.
Grow up and act your age!
They both got sent to the principal's office for misbehaving in class.
Don't you tell me how to take care of my child!
They don't want to admit that it's really a passing fad.
I hope your parents are well.
Although she lives in my neighbourhood, I only rarely meet her.
Mary had a little lamb.
Mary's lamb follows her everywhere.
The lamb followed Mary to school.
Tom is training for a triathlon.
When every sad tone reminds me of you.
These students are suspected of cheating.
If you hurry you'll be in time for the train.
Excuse me, I'm Mr. Yamada. I would like to meet with your husband, if I may.
I'll have to send my camera out for repair.
He just barely made the last train.
I've heard that story before.
I've just gone and lost my key somewhere around here.
I came here to meet you.
May I use the computer?
I think that he repaid the money.
If only I had a good reason not to go.
In Germany winters are colder than they are in Italy.
I know that he arrived yesterday.
I have the feeling that I understand.
I have a few household chores that I must do.
He's studying the Lojban language by reading science novels.
If only my thoughts were set into type and would come out of my mouth like a receipt.
After ten days I'll go to Rome.
They really like their cars.
I wish they'd be honest and admit they don't know what's going to happen.
I wish more parents allowed their children to do things like this.
I wish I could stay and discuss this more, but I've got to go.
I wish I had a dollar for every time I've heard you say that.
I wish there had been something like this when I was a kid.
I wish them the best of luck in dealing with the problem.
I wish we were doing the same thing as Tom is doing.
I wish I had bought stock in that company last year.
I wish I could change places with Tom, but I can't.
I wish you the best of luck in your next endeavor.
I wish we had more people like Tom working for us.
I wish that I could give you everything you want.
I wish my grandfather had been alive to see that.
I wish that I could give you the money you need.
I wish I could understand why this is happening.
I wish there were something I could do to help.
I wish I could play tennis as well as Tom does.
I wish I could give you something, but I can't.
I wish I could express myself better in French.
I wish we didn't have to wait three more days.
I wish my friends could've been there with me.
I wish I had a couple of bottles of good wine.
I wish you all well in your future life here.
I wish to sit here with you for a while and talk.
I wish someone would tell me what's going on.
I wish Tom would stop screaming all the time.
I wish I could buy you everything you wanted.
I wish I could buy you everything you needed.
I wish you'd stop calling me your boyfriend.
I wish you all the very best for the future.
I wish we could go to your concert tomorrow.
I wish that my grandmother were still alive.
I wish I could've done something about that.
I wish we could've gone a little further.
I wish everybody else had the same opinion.
I wish I'd been at the meeting last Monday.
I wish I could prevent that from happening.
I wish we had more options to choose from.
I wish they would spell my name correctly.
I wish they had spelled my name correctly.
I wish more people had been at my concert.
I wish Tom would stop crying all the time.
I wish Tom had never gotten out of prison.
I wish we had more people to choose from.
I wish this kind of thing never happened.
I wish there was an easy way to fix this.
I wish someone would tell me what to do.
I wish my wife wouldn't complain so much.
I wish I'd never asked you that question.
I wish I were as ready as you seem to be.
I wish I could give you more information.
I wish you and your family all the best.
I wish somebody had told me that before.
I wish I'd been smart enough to do that.
I wish I could change that, but I can't.
I wish you didn't call me all the time.
I wish people were nicer to each other.
I wish my wife knew how to cook better.
I wish Tom wouldn't talk to me so much.
I wish Tom and his family all the best.
I wish Tom all the best for the future.
I wish I knew how to play the trombone.
I wish I had gone jogging or something.
I wish I didn't have to deal with this.
I wish people would stop staring at me.
I wish I'd never asked you to do that.
I wish I was going to Boston with you.
I wish I had pictures of Tom and Mary.
I wish I didn't always feel so tired.
I wish I could've done the same thing.
I wish I could swim as well as you do.
I wish I could sing as well as you do.
I wish you'd give me something to do.
I wish you could tell me what I should do.
I wish we had never come here at all.
I wish my wife were here with me now.
I wish more people felt the same way.
I wish Tom could see what we've done.
I wish I could write songs like that.
I wish I could go to Boston with you.
I wish I could find out who that was.
I wish I could express myself better.
I wish you'd stop calling me a liar.
I wish you could've seen Tom's face.
I wish we were going to stay longer.
I wish it was going to be that easy.
I wish Tom would stop yelling at me.
I wish I'd stayed in touch with Tom.
I wish I had some good news for you.
I wish I had never come here at all.
I wish I could tell you who that is.
I wish we had more people like Tom.
I wish that Tom would just go away.
I wish more people understood that.
I wish Tom would depend on me more.
I wish I'd brought my bathing suit.
I wish I had paid my bills on time.
I wish I could've seen it up close.
I wish I could take away your pain.
I wish I could sing as well as you.
I wish I could change, but I can't.
I wish we had something like that.
I wish now I'd given Tom a chance.
I wish I knew how to speak French.
I wish I hadn't read Tom's letter.
I wish I had time to study French.
I wish I had never gotten married.
I wish I could help you with that.
I wish I could do it, but I can't.
I wish you the very best of luck.
I wish that Tom were still alive.
I wish my whole family were here.
I wish more people would do that.
I wish Tom would stop doing that.
I wish Tom were here with us now.
I wish I knew how to play tennis.
I wish I knew how to drive a car.
I wish I could go somewhere else.
I wish I could explain it better.
I wish you and your family well.
I wish it was as simple as that.
I wish Tom would just stay away.
I wish Tom would do that for me.
I wish Tom would come back home.
I wish Tom nothing but the best.
I wish I knew as much as you do.
I wish I had come here by train.
I wish I could've played better.
I wish you'd make your mind up.
I wish we were still in Boston.
I wish to have a word with you.
I wish to be alone for a while.
I wish that had never happened.
I wish it were a little warmer.
I wish Tom had told us earlier.
I wish I had written it myself.
I wish I had been able to help.
I wish you would come with me.
I wish we had a better choice.
I wish we didn't have to wait.
I wish something would happen.
I wish Tom would just shut up.
I wish Tom would just go away.
I wish Tom lived closer to me.
I wish I was there now myself.
I wish I was as hungry as you.
I wish I had more information.
I wish you weren't so lonely.
I wish my wife was like that.
I wish Tom would just resign.
I wish I'd looked at the map.
I wish I'd brought more food.
I wish I knew how to do that.
I wish I had your dedication.
I wish I had time to do that.
I wish I had thought of that.
I wish I had never come here.
I wish I had listened to Tom.
I wish I had a son like that.
I wish I could've helped Tom.
I wish I could've been there.
I wish I'd done that sooner.
I wish I'd bought more food.
I wish I hadn't bought this.
I wish I could take it back.
I wish I could say for sure.
I wish I could prevent that.
I wish Tom would stay away.
I wish Tom would come home.
I wish Tom would come back.
I wish Tom had stayed home.
I wish Tom had stayed away.
I wish I'd brought my skis.
I wish I spoke more French.
I wish I had my own studio.
I wish I could change that.
I wish them the very best.
I wish that were possible.
I wish my name wasn't Tom.
I wish it was that simple.
I wish Tom was still here.
I wish I knew how to swim.
I wish I had a magic wand.
I wish I didn't have kids.
I wish them all the best.
I wish Tom were here now.
I wish I'd never sold it.
I wish I looked like Tom.
I wish I had my own room.
I wish we had done that.
I wish to see you alone.
I wish the best for you.
I wish the best for Tom.
I wish Tom all the best.
I wish I had the answer.
I wish I had my own car.
I wish I had caught Tom.
I wish I had been there.
I wish I had your luck.
I wish I had a brother.
I wish I hadn't cried.
I wish them the best.
I wish I had a pool.
I wish I was wrong.
I wish Tom luck.
The notary will know to advise you in how you should avoid every unpleasant surprise.
Here's the answer to your question.
I'm not in the mood to watch TV this evening.
The sales floor was relatively uncrowded.
The boss saw the results of the month before and yelled at me like never before.
I wish I could buy everything you wanted.
I'm on the way home.
We want to take the next step.
It wasn't until Tom left me that I realized how much I loved him.
I believe I understood your words well.
You have a good head on your shoulders.
It's been a while now and my hiccups still haven't stopped.
I was in time for the last bus.
I wonder if there's some way of attracting more Japanese speakers to Tatoeba?
Who wants to visit the Philippines? It is such a tropical paradise!
"It was very tough, very rough" said the rugby player immediately after the match.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage and half shut afterwards.
Dreams are today’s answers to tomorrow’s questions.
I wish I had studied French when I was in high school.
I wish I could play volleyball as well as Tom.
I wish I had the courage to do what Tom did.
I wish I had had the chance to learn French.
I wish I'd bought a different color shirt.
I wish to be alone for a couple of hours.
I wish that I had never sent that email.
I wish I could fall asleep that quickly.
I wish we could ask Tom that question.
I wish I didn't have so many problems.
I wish we'd told Tom to come as well.
I wish we'd told Tom to come, too.
I wish I could afford to buy a car like that.
I wish I could afford to buy a car.
I wish I'd known how to speak French.
I wish to speak with you in private.
I wish I had the courage to do that.
I wish you wouldn't drive so fast.
I wish Tom would stop complaining.
I wish Tom would make up his mind.
I wish tomorrow would never come.
I wish we could ask Tom to help.
I wish I'd bought a size larger.
I wish I had a voice like Tom's.
I wish I could've talked to Tom.
I wish I'd bought that bicycle.
I wish you'd stop complaining.
I wish summer would never end.
I wish it was Valentine's Day.
I wish Tom would stop smoking.
I wish you a speedy recovery.
I wish I lived in a big city.
I wish I hadn't lied to Tom.
I wish I could go with Tom.
I wish you could meet Tom.
I wish Tom understood me.
I wish Tom could've come.
I wish I could see Tom.
I wish I had a pony.
I wish I had a dog.
An uncontrolled life leads to misery.
You're using that dictionary as a crutch. You don't really need it.
You always tell us how refined your tastes are, and yet you listen to that trash?
In their language you can write the way you want and don't need to use any commas either.
It would be madness to do it.
We have to reduce our expenses.
I wish he could have come.
He's swimming.
Now I live with my uncle.
Are you going to sleep?
She didn't want to reveal where she had actually found it.
Fuck me.
Let the game begin!
For a moment I thought I was going to sneeze.
Then suddenly he sneezed.
I am an atheist.
Mom put me to work against my will.
After the fight, they lost contact entirely.
Markku is a really good friend.
Would you like to be my friend?
I'd appreciate it if you could come.
Liisa tried to look nice and harmless.
Santa doesn't live at the North Pole, but in Finland.
She lives in the house over there.
She likes neither snakes nor mathematics.
Where has she bought these books?
Do you want to give me a heart attack or what?
Have you sent in your application yet?
I'm waiting for you in my room.
I asked God for a bike, but I realized that that wasn't his method. So I stole a bike and asked God for forgiveness.
I would like to ask about the price of that model in the window.
This is a family shipping company, and we will never sell it!
Old friends contacted me.
The more one eats, the more one wants.
They understood what we meant in the end.
This is only an approximate value.
One of my children was born with some unknown disease.
She bought three new picks.
I'm not prepared to compromise.
I'm trying to translate.
The porridge was burnt.
She works as an au pair in Germany.
How did it go at the job interview?
Their son has autism.
He's serious.
You may not smoke here.
When did you meet her for the first time?
He always uses an exclusive aftershave.
Her nail polish had begun to come off.
Tom is a man with many talents.
I bought a beginner's Swahili book at the secondhand book shop.
Christianity has many followers.
Christianity has many adherents.
This is our decision.
Leave the door ajar when you go.
How dare you laugh at me?
He cracked nuts.
Her biggest interest is strength training.
I have received a respite.
I have gotten a respite.
I eat breakfast at eight o'clock.
Do you meet her often?
I have more skirts than my big sister.
Ms. Sato is the president's new secretary.
Stop the nonsense!
I kissed him on the cheek.
She loves trains.
The living room has a fireplace.
My father didn't say anything.
I'm repeating it to you so that you remember.
For ten florins, I send a series of stamps.
I just read a book.
No wonder you didn't find these words.
I got up earlier to see you.
This house was built in 1870.
Let me know if something is missing.
I'm going to live forever.
I gave him a kiss on the cheek.
I rarely see him.
"Thank you!" - "You're welcome."
Tom doesn't like how Mary laughs.
There is a bathroom here.
That is disgusting.
Yes! I agree.
I get out of the hospital next week.
I like this apple, the green one.
It feels so good!
My husband really likes to do exercise.
It'll probably rain this afternoon.
I've been able to read since I was six years old.
I hope it helps.
Please tell me what else I need to add.
The books are covered in dust.
You're right! I'd never thought of it.
I could never do it like you do.
Are we talking about professionalism?
Jim wrote to me last week and said that he'd been back for two months.
Ten people died, a woman among them.
Let me know if something's missing.
We can compare our country to China.
I wonder who bought the cake.
Take whichever one of these you prefer.
Where can I buy a map?
The earth is a tomb.
"Want a beer?" "Beer? No thank you; I don't touch the stuff."
We'll miss you terribly.
The flesh smells horrible.
You're so nosy.
My tooth is killing me.
That boy's a big bully.
That really is bad.
I've got a terrible toothache.
It was a horrible headache.
"This looks so interesting," Hiroshi said.
Even though he apologized, I'm still very mad.
If you don't want to tell me, that's fine.
Who is like unto thee, O Lord, among the gods? who is like thee, glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders?
The meat smells terrible.
I'm in the middle of playing with my cat.
Are you filming?
Tom, are you filming?
I have known Tom all my life.
It's strange that other languages don't really distinguish plants which we ourselves consider totally different.
Maria teaches me Norwegian.
I don't like the way this is going.
I'm not in denial.
I don't like where this is going.
Stop that right now.
Please don't ask again. I won't tell you.
I'm not having them drink.
What would I not do for him?
I'm not dusting anything.
Have you told your parents about me?
Red is the color of love, passion, fertility and power.
Don't hate that which you don't know.
Love is the bridge between you and everything.
Art exists so reality doesn't destroy us.
Learning is an endless path.
Freedom is a state of mind.
She's there then! She's sleeping, she's dreaming, she's thinking about me maybe...
A lazy person is someone who doesn't have other people believe that he works.
My mood depends totally on the weather.
I'm sending you the payment through PayPal.
I sent you the payment through PayPal.
I sent you the money through PayPal.
I'll send you the money today through PayPal.
I'll send you the payment today through Paypal.
I'll give you the address either today or tomorrow.
I'll soon give you an address where to send it.
Please do not send the package yet.
Please do not send the item yet.
I've already sent you the money through PayPal, so don't worry.
I am much younger than Tom.
They are much younger than Tom.
I wish you happiness in your personal life and success in your work.
I wish you luck in finding what you're looking for.
I wish I had paid more attention to what Tom said.
I wish I could show you how much I love you.
I wish I could live in a house like this.
I wish Tom would give us another chance.
I wish my childhood had been better.
I wish I had thought of this before.
I wish my grandmother had seen it.
I wish I could count on your help.
I wish that I had studied harder.
I wish you luck. You'll need it.
I wish it were always like this.
I wish you weren't so far away.
I wish you peace and happiness.
I wish you a pleasant evening.
I wish to become a superhero.
I wish I could help you more.
I wish I had seen it before.
I wish they hadn't done it.
I wish you had helped me.
I wish to speak with you.
I wish this was my stuff.
I wish I were mistaken.
I'm a lot younger than Tom.
Did Mary sign?
He's a man you can always trust.
I can't meet you now.
I'm much younger than Tom.
Tom is a lot younger than Mary.
Tom is a lot younger than Mary thinks.
Can you tell me who's going to come tonight?
Do slugs die if you pour salt on them?
Are you Tafsut or Tifyur?
I'm Tifyur. I'm not Tafsut.
I'm Masensen. I'm not Mohand.
Are you Masensen or Mohand?
I can play chess, but can't play checkers.
It's time we did something about that.
It's time for us to do something about that.
We should do something about that.
She was able to channel all that excess energy into her studies.
I can play chess, but I can't play checkers.
I've thought about it.
I've really messed up.
I've never done drugs.
I've never bought jewelry.
I've had some chances.
I've got the solution.
I've got nothing left.
I've already retired.
I'm tired of swimming.
I'm tired of fighting.
I'm tired of all these lies.
I'm sure of my rights.
I'm still very active.
I'm still on vacation.
I'm sick of all this fuss.
I'm sick and tired of all your complaining.
I'm pretty sure that's it.
I'm pretty bummed out.
I'm only thirty years old.
I'm not satisfied yet.
I'm not old fashioned.
I'm not dishonest.
I'm never going to Boston again.
I'm kind of surprised.
I'm happy, very happy.
I'm glad you survived.
I'm getting depressed.
I'm getting a divorce.
I'm feeling very good.
I'm feeling confident.
I'm extremely excited.
I'm ecstatic about it.
I'm convinced of that.
I'm confident in that.
I'm committed to this.
I'm coming back again.
I'm an optimistic guy.
I'm almost speechless.
I'm a very lucky guy.
I'm a competitive guy.
I'm not satisfied either.
I didn't understand what it meant.
Suddenly he spotted me.
Suddenly he noticed me.
I'd like a chamomile.
If I'm unemployed, I can't save up any money.
You can't get a job here without a work permit.
There are many different ways of doing this.
I'd trust him with my life.
I'd trust her with my life.
He'll never be anything more to me than a friend.
They look cute together.
Have you told your parents about him?
Have you told your parents about her?
She's such a perfectionist.
They argue quite often.
Relatively often, they argue.
Is a good pianist hiding out somewhere on Tatoeba?
Let's put some aside in good times, to have it when it's needed.
A lightweight sensor attached to alpine swifts reveals that the small migratory birds can remain aloft for more than days without touching down.
Breeding swifts will sleep in the nest, and what a relief that must be. Otherwise they sleep on the wing - the only bird known to do this.
Except when nesting, swifts spend their lives in the air, living on the insects caught in flight; they drink, feed, mate and sleep on the wing.
A common swift can spend its first two or three years on the wing before breeding, and making its first ever landing.
Swifts are the most aerial of birds and some, like the Common Swift, even sleep and mate on the wing. No other bird spends as much of its life in flight.
Until now, opinions differed over the question of whether birds could sleep while aloft.
If you don't want to follow the lessons from the study session on countering corruption in the enterprise, you can also pay hryvnia and get the evidence just like that.
As long as it was winter, he did not go outdoors.
You did a favor for me when you said this.
She is becoming more and more like her sister.
- What do you think of her? - She's great.
Bob is a cool guy.
Spring has passed and summer is starting.
I just wanted to proofread my e-mail.
Stay calm and keep going.
Stay cool and keep going.
Don't expect me to believe such a tall tale.
One must trust that growing insight and good will will lead men to act according to the truth that they recognize.
Hercules is the Latinized form of the name of the most famous Greek legendary hero, Heracles.
The soap is finished.
I'm not Tom. I'm John.
Tom is becoming more and more like his father every day.
Tom is becoming more like his father.
Tom is looking more and more like his father every day.
Once a month, I go to the barber.
You will be a good diplomat.
You're learning English.
I looked him straight in the eye.
I looked her straight in the eye.
Mom, Tom keeps pushing me.
When will it stop raining?
Can you guess where I am right now?
This movie is so boring.
If you're bored, do something about it.
Please choose your character.
Please pick your character.
I hope that my mother is well.
Is it possible to get there on foot?
I had something else planned.
The secretary put the letter into the envelope.
She's a marvelous girl.
Open this door now!
"Please open the door." "Just a minute."
Thank you, Tom, but I'm okay now.
Open this door right now!
Go outside and play now.
"Open this door right now." "Go away!"
A child who reads becomes an adult who thinks.
This is my room. You can't just barge in here!
This is my room. You can't just barge in like that!
Please go ahead and give us questions!
She has to go if she doesn't want to stay.
She said: "Come with me into the garden of my dreams!"
Despite his restraint, he agreed to it.
The decree of a president of the republic expires with an end to the state of emergency.
Xavier sells pumpkin bread in the market.
Eat a lot!
Birds are the natural enemies of insects.
Young people underestimate the huge aspiration that the learning of a foreign language demands and they begin to learn multiple at the same time, distributing their effort, which quickly leads to a lack of motivation when they take note of their poor results.
Look! A flying cockroach!
I felt sorry for this poor dog.
In addition, devanagari is an abugida, used for Sanskrit, Nepali and Hindi, in which the characters contain a final 'a'-sound if another vowel does not change the sound. However, Arabic and Hebrew use separate systems called abjads, in which the vowels are not always indicated.
The Latin alphabet is used to write Esperanto, English, French and many other European languages. The Cyrillic alphabet is used to write in Russian and Bulgarian, among others. However, one can write Serbo-Croatian in either Cyrillic or Latin characters.
"Do you think we should go to the beach?" "Of course, the answer is yes."
Due to illness, he couldn't come with us.
He couldn't come with us because he was sick.
I wish you would do that now.
I wish you wouldn't do that now.
I wish we had made more progress.
I wish I could tell you the truth.
I wish I could explain why I did it.
I wish I had the ability to do that.
I wish that Tom was here to help us.
I wish you'd tell me how you did it.
I wish that Tom were here to help us.
I wish Tom could go to Boston with me.
I wish my kid behaved as well as my dog.
I wish we had made some better decisions.
I wish someone would help me learn French.
I wish more people would volunteer to help us.
I wish I could remember everything Tom told me.
I wish I had known about this when I was a kid.
I wish school had been like this when I was growing up.
I wish there were more people like you in the world.
I wish I could afford to hire someone to help me do this.
I wish Tom would eat what I give him without complaining.
I wish something would fall out of the sky and land on Tom.
I wish that more people would take time to properly recycle.
I wish I could do more, but I don't know what else I could do.
I wish Tom would understand that when I want his help I'll ask for it.
I wish I could be more optimistic, but I don't think things will get better soon.
I wish I was smart enough to invent something that sold well enough for me to get rich.
He knows neither me, nor you.
She ignored her mother's advice.
Come as you wish!
You'll be welcome anytime. Come whenever you want!
which singer do you like?
My child can answer any question.
I just wanted to get married.
You're beautiful, you know?
You're a brat.
You don't look happy.
Why are you so angry today?
What shampoo do you use?
What on earth have you done?
We hope it doesn't rain.
We didn't have to wait.
Tom was wearing a green swimsuit.
Tom was in a bad mood.
Tom smiled to himself.
Tom isn't at all upset.
This looks like a great place.
This isn't news.
This isn't my job.
This is a luxury.
This car cost me a fortune.
This book isn't too bad.
This book cost me a fortune.
Hercules is the Romanized form of the name of the most famous Greek legendary hero, Heracles.
You're going crazy.
He is everything to her.
The man is eating. The woman is eating. The child is eating.
The doctor recommends that he take the pills with food.
The law requires that you be years old to vote.
If I were a rich man, I wouldn't have to work hard.
They discussed Tom's skills, or lack thereof.
Please stop living in ignorance.
Congratulations to you!
Yes it's mine.
Go to my place later.
I think Tom understands that if he wants my help, all he needs to do is ask for it.
I had to read this three times before I understood what it meant.
I'll talk it over with Tom and see what he thinks.
I hope you'll have a lot of fun on your trip.
I'll want to ask you some questions later.
I was thirteen years old at that time.
I know Tom isn't the one who did this.
I don't want to be the one to do that.
I want to learn how to play football.
I hope I get a watch for my birthday.
I hope that what we've done helped.
I wonder if it could happen again.
I promise that won't happen again.
I hope you'll change your mind.
I'd really rather not do that.
I was thirteen years old then.
I hope Tom will understand me.
I believe that we can do this.
I don't want to deal with it.
I'll never forget your face.
I want you to call home now.
I need to leave for a while.
I ate a slice of watermelon.
I think it was an accident.
I prefer to study at night.
I love pistachio ice cream.
I prefer to work at night.
I don't want to upset Tom.
I don't want to stay home.
I love Tom's personality.
I'll be at home tonight.
I would love to do that.
I won't leave you alone.
I wasn't expecting this.
I wasn't able to fix it.
I know Tom will love it.
I knew Tom didn't do it.
I need to work on that.
I need to get out more.
I love you all so much.
I love the competition.
I live by my own rules.
I know you're in pain.
I know what you can do.
I know this to be true.
I know that for a fact.
I know it now for sure.
I just wanted to do it.
I just had a big lunch.
I hope to see it again.
I hope to see Tom soon.
I hope it doesn't rain.
I have a very nice car.
I find this ridiculous.
I find this disgusting.
I find that suspicious.
I felt I had no choice.
I doubt it can be done.
I didn't understand it.
I didn't punch anybody.
I didn't ask questions.
I can't get used to it.
I'll see what happens.
I was very encouraged.
I was hit on the head.
I want to see Tom cry.
I want to have it all.
I want to be the boss.
I want Tom to go away.
I want Tom to be safe.
I hadn't even noticed.
I wouldn't trust you.
I want Tom to suffer.
I want some privacy.
I love that T-Shirt.
I have a green car.
I love to bargain.
I have a pink car.
I want the same.
I get emotional.
I recommend it.
I don't read.
I don't cook.
I searched, but I didn't find it.
Is Mr. Roberto at home?
Dormice are rodents of the family Gliridae.
I searched, but I didn't find her.
I searched, but I didn't find him.
The swift is a small migratory bird of the family Apodidae.
Tom said that he would come tomorrow.
Tom said, "I'll give you a book."
Tom said that he would give you a book.
Where on earth did he go?
What will become of him?
The body needs food and drink.
The birds were singing in the trees.
It's not a cat. It's a dog.
My girlfriend lives in New York.
The white umbrella is yours.
Tom wept in silence.
He who loves another,// loves each and all.// Who values not himself, but other// to sweet dream shall fall.// Who feels joy just once,// wants others the same at once;// and to give, give — keep on giving// from his endless treasures offering.
I loved the old man.
I cut off the head and the arms and the legs.
The officers were satisfied.
Did you eventually respond?
My manner had convinced them.
Who dares?
Do you have something to show me?
What happened to your report card?
Tom is a friend of mine from high school.
Even if she doesn't like you, you still have to finish the work.
Why did you translate this sentence?
Those who fail to learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
This pianist has very flexible fingers.
Those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
It's better to have larger hands than smaller hands when playing the piano.
About fifteen people showed up.
What will you play for your piano recital?
Come here, you two.
Will you please watch your language?
The young gentleman would like to drink something.
I just can't forget it.
I cook, but I don't enjoy it much.
He killed himself by driving recklessly.
I'm writing to the guy.
I'm afraid I'm on the wrong train.
I'm not speaking to you.
The policeman is in the car.
He works well.
He'll be a good doctor.
I've been working at the library since January.
Most of the greatest evils that man has inflicted upon man have come through people feeling quite certain about something which, in fact, was false.
If I were rich, I'd do the same thing as I do now: nothing.
Could you sort this list so that it's in alphabetical order?
She doesn't want to wait for you.
Yesterday I had to work overtime.
He told me that I had to speak more slowly.
For him, hunger was an abstract concept. He had always had enough to eat.
We've been waiting over two months.
These days it's important to know how to drive.
I think people should stop using plastic bags from supermarkets.
Well, I didn't want to say that your translation wasn't good, but just ask if another translation would be possible.
Ten people died, among them, a woman.
Thanks for the advice. I'll give it a try.
I see him very rarely.
Pedestrian safety is being compromised by people looking at their mobile phones or other devices while crossing the road.
It's dinnertime.
The photo is the first thing you notice.
Look at that photograph.
I won't fly in a plane.
I'm not going if Tom goes.
I didn't think you'd get here so soon.
Here's my address.
He only knew how to speak German.
Why do you do it, Tom?
Tomorrow is Mother's Day in Brazil.
Tomorrow I have to go shopping.
It's nearly midnight. I'm ready for bed.
Tom called the fire brigade when his kitten got stuck up a tree.
Through both denotation and connotation, many Turkish names are weighty with symbolism. Before the Second World War, the European system of name-giving was adopted, and the people of Turkey chose new surnames for themselves from a list of names which had been created on the basis of etymology and semantics.
I take a nap almost every day.
The teacher took off the fifth calendar page.
They don't make beds.
I can get to the station before you do.
Take off your jacket and empty your pockets.
It's impossible to eat soup with a fork.
Groups are a good way to share an interest with either a small community or the whole world.
She went to get her hair cut.
Two hundred trained members of a South African fire brigade travelled more than 15,kilometres to help fight the huge forest fire in northern Alberta.
Arriving at a Canadian airport, the South Africans broke into enthusiastic singing, all whilst stomping the floor in gumboots.
Let us help you do that.
Let us know how it goes.
Let us know how it went.
Let us take care of you.
Let us know what happens.
Let us take care of this.
Let us know what you hear.
Let us know where you are.
Let us know by next Monday.
Let us know if you see Tom.
Let us know what you think.
Let us know what's going on.
Let us know where you'll be.
Let us help you deal with it.
Let us know how we can help you.
Let us know what your plans are.
Let us know if you need anything.
Let us know what you decide to do.
Let us know how we can change that.
Let us know if we have your support.
Let us know what questions you have.
Let us know where you'll be staying.
Let us know how we can be of service.
Let us know if we can be of any help.
Let us know if you'd like to join us.
Let us know your thoughts about this.
Let us know how that works out for you.
Let us know if you have any suggestions.
Let us know your decision by next Monday.
Let us know what you think of our website.
Let us know how we may be of service to you.
Let us know when you'll be coming to Boston.
Let us know if you don't understand something.
Let us know when you decide what you want to do.
Let's go there.
Let's stand up.
Let's all do it.
Let's begin now.
Let's leave now.
Let's try these.
Let's go surfing.
Let's take turns.
Let's wait a bit.
Let's be tolerant.
Let's change that.
Let's change this.
Let's forget that.
Let's get with it.
Let's go together.
Let's remain calm.
Let's attack again.
Let's discuss this.
Let's find out why.
Let's keep talking.
Let's look outside.
Let's not complain.
Let's all calm down.
Let's be aggressive.
Let's be reasonable.
Let's figure it out.
Let's get that done.
Let's go right away.
Let's hear about it.
Let's not be fooled.
Let's order a pizza.
Let's play handball.
Let's rest a little.
Let's throw it away.
Let's be friends, OK?
Let's do Tom a favor.
Let's face the facts.
Let's face the truth.
Let's hope I'm wrong.
Let's hope Tom is OK.
Let's just stay home.
Let's make it better.
Let's make it simple.
Let's not lose focus.
Let's think positive.
Let's compare the two.
Let's drink some beer.
Let's get rid of this.
Let's help these guys.
Let's hope this works.
Let's make some noise.
Let's not do it again.
Let's see if it works.
Let's see what we get.
Let's stop doing that.
Let's throw this away.
Let's try it your way.
Let's change the rules.
Let's give Tom a break.
Let's have fun tonight.
Let's hope that's true.
Let's leave right away.
Let's make a recording.
Let's not wait for Tom.
Let's sit in the front.
Let's switch to French.
Let's take a break, OK?
Let's take small steps.
Let's think about this.
Let's all work together.
Let's be realistic here.
Let's cross our fingers.
Let's end this nonsense.
Let's forget about that.
Let's get a group photo.
Let's get back together.
Let's go skinny-dipping.
Let's go there together.
Let's go to Tom's house.
Let's hope Tom is wrong.
Let's hope that happens.
Let's leave immediately.
Let's save our children.
Let's see if I can help.
Let's see what Tom does.
Let's see what comes up.
Let's start without Tom.
Let's take turns rowing.
Let's get some ice cream.
Let's get things started.
Let's go into the garden.
Let's go there on Monday.
Let's have a drink first.
Let's hope it's all true.
Let's hope they're right.
Let's not fool ourselves.
Let's not kid each other.
Let's turn on the heater.
Let's assume Tom is right.
Can you buy an inhaler without prescription ?
You can see that the house is solidly built.
Let's assume you're right.
Let's be together forever.
Let's examine the numbers.
Let's fight them together.
Let's give Tom a big hand.
Let's make an appointment.
Let's make the best of it.
Let's meet at the station.
Let's move back to Boston.
Let's never do that again.
Let's not be fooled again.
Let's remember to do that.
Let's replace all of them.
Let's review the evidence.
Let's see if Tom can help.
Let's take a look at this.
Let's try and find a cure.
Let's use it while we can.
Let's wait for a few days.
Let's all help Tom do that.
Let's get rid of this junk.
Let's get the job done now.
Let's go out the back door.
Let's go somewhere tonight.
Let's have a party for Tom.
Let's hope Tom can do that.
Let's hope you're mistaken.
Let's look at the raw data.
Let's not argue about this.
Let's say no more about it.
Let's sit here for a while.
Let's take a group picture.
Let's take it step by step.
Let's talk about Australia.
Let's try doing this again.
Let's try to work this out.
Let's find a way to do that.
Let's hope Tom can fix this.
Let's not forget to do that.
Let's not lose our patience.
Let's see how much it costs.
Let's sit down for a minute.
Let's swim across the river.
Let's talk a bit about that.
Let's talk about your plans.
Let's try doing it this way.
Let's try not to lose focus.
Let's try to win every game.
Let's wish Tom all the best.
Let's all take a deep breath.
Let's all take off our shoes.
Let's be extra careful today.
Let's come back here someday.
Let's do something different.
Let's end all this bickering.
Let's find Tom a nice office.
Let's get to know each other.
Let's go ahead and do it now.
Let's go and tell the others.
Let's not ever do that again.
Let's see how things develop.
Let's see if Tom can help us.
Let's see if Tom has changed.
Let's sit here on this bench.
Let's start the ball rolling.
Let's start with a few facts.
Let's talk about your family.
Let's talk to Tom about that.
Let's treat everybody fairly.
Let's all remember to be nice.
Let's ask Tom why he was late.
Let's divide the work equally.
Let's hope that's enough time.
Let's look at the big picture.
Let's not wait for the others.
Let's quit talking about this.
Let's remember the good times.
Let's see how things work out.
Let's see if anything changes.
Let's see if this makes sense.
Let's see what the outcome is.
Let's see who does that first.
Let's talk about what Tom did.
Let's try doing this together.
Let's try to be more tolerant.
Let's be frank with each other.
Let's call the whole thing off.
Let's go do what we have to do.
Let's go somewhere tonight, OK?
Let's hope Tom doesn't do that.
Let's hope Tom got our message.
Let's not allow that to happen.
Let's not beat around the bush.
Let's see how good a job we do.
Let's see if Tom can stay away.
Let's see if they let you talk.
Let's send Tom a sympathy card.
Let's take a look at the facts.
Fall is late this year.
The clock is ten minutes behind.
The rain made me late.
He's always late for school.
Our plane is thirty minutes late.
I have to buy some new shoes.
I teach mathematics and physics.
It is a beautiful language.
Who is that young woman?
He is also a new student.
He is from Egypt.
She is from Japan.
Let's take a walk on the beach.
Let's take it one step further.
Let's try a different approach.
Let's try not to do that again.
Let's ask Tom if he can help us.
Let's ask Tom what we should do.
Let's go for a walk in the park.
Let's go out for dinner tonight.
Let's hope we get there on time.
Let's just start with the facts.
Let's not forget why we're here.
Let's not get caught doing this.
Let's not let this happen again.
Let's not talk about that today.
Let's not talk about this today.
Let's see who can find it first.
Let's sit here and wait for Tom.
Let's throw all this stuff away.
Let's assume that Tom is correct.
Let's be careful what we ask for.
Let's consider what might happen.
Let's do this before it gets hot.
Let's do this one step at a time.
Let's go to a Chinese restaurant.
Let's hope next season is better.
Let's meet next Monday for lunch.
Let's put Tom's name on the list.
Let's see how Tom reacts to that.
Let's see if I can pass the test.
Let's see if someone can help us.
Let's see what Tom can do for us.
Let's see what Tom comes up with.
Let's see what we can figure out.
Let's stop here and wait for Tom.
Let's take a closer look at this.
Let's take a look under the hood.
Let's take this one step further.
Let's try what Tom has suggested.
Let's wait and see what Tom does.
Let's get something cold to drink.
Let's get together again tomorrow.
Let's go to a Japanese restaurant.
Let's hope something good happens.
Let's look at this in perspective.
Let's not count on that happening.
Let's not wait for Tom any longer.
Let's see how it goes this evening.
Let's see if Tom knows what to do.
Let's sit here until the sun sets.
Let's stop doing the wrong things.
Let's take a look at the evidence.
Let's take a walk along the river.
Let's think about this a bit more.
Let's try to do it the right way.
Let's turn on the air conditioner.
Let's wait. Tom will be back soon.
Let's ask Tom if he paid his taxes.
Let's assume that I do believe you.
Let's get out of here while we can.
Let's hope this drug gets approved.
Let's leave as quickly as possible.
Let's let Tom try doing that again.
Let's look at what the report says.
Let's meet in front of the station.
Let's not do this just once a year.
Let's see how good a job we can do.
Let's see how many people are left.
Let's see if Tom will say anything.
Let's see if it really does happen.
Let's sing the song that Tom wrote.
Let's stop beating around the bush.
Let's talk about why that happened.
Let's wait and see what Tom thinks.
Let's concentrate on the future, OK?
Let's do this while it's still cool.
Let's get to know each other better.
Let's get together and have a party.
Let's go outside and sit in the sun.
Let's hope Tom doesn't write a book.
Let's hope next year will be better.
Let's hope that never happens again.
Let's just hope that doesn't happen.
Let's make the world a better place.
Let's not ever try doing that again.
Let's not romanticize this too much.
Let's see what else we can find out.
Let's take a step back for a moment.
Let's think about that for a minute.
Let's think about that for a moment.
Let's try to be sensible about this.
Let's try to come up with something.
Let's try to see it from all angles.
Let's work on one project at a time.
Let's ask Tom if he knows what to do.
Let's ask Tom when he gets back home.
Let's do this as quickly as possible.
Let's find out what needs to be done.
Let's find something we can agree on.
Let's concentrate on the future.
By the way, I've got to tell you something.
Incidentally, I have to tell you something.
His sister resides in Scotland.
Here are the tickets.
He gained renown through the novel.
Snow overtook the rain.
Let's make sure the meal includes something crunchy.
Amsterdam is the capital of the Netherlands.
The cat is in the house.
She does not have many friends.
You are going to be eaten.
Which football team are you a fan of?
"What countries are you a citizen of?" "I am a citizen of Turkey and Germany."
Put the meat in the refrigerator or it will spoil.
Sharpen these knives.
Nobody understands what's going on in the head of President Erdogan.
I'm trying to translate a song.
In and 1880, Anton Chekhov and Ludwig Zamenhof attended the same school and became friends.
Why do you say nothing when I ask you a question?
I'm not afraid of cold, but I can't stand heat.
I need to get out of this hellhole.
Grass grew.
Why do you love me so much?
What time do you have breakfast?
Babylon was the capital of ancient Babylonia.
Bucharest is not Budapest.
Budapest is not Bucharest.
Bucharest and Budapest are two different cities in two different countries.
I shouldn't have gotten involved.
I like the way you smell.
I'm planning to go to the theater today.
Can I suggest something?
We promise better service in the future.
Excuse me. I need to go.
Jim slipped on the icy street and hurt himself.
Why did you spend all the money?
That amazes me.
Admit that you made a mistake.
Tom doesn't want his parents to find out that he was drunk.
Let's go someplace where we can talk.
Let's hope that doesn't happen again.
Let's hope there's no more vandalism.
Let's hope this doesn't happen again.
Let's just come right out and say it.
Let's not even talk about that today.
Let's order a couple of large pizzas.
Let's talk about it when we get home.
Let's try to find out how to do this.
Let's wait here until the rain stops.
Let's go and see what we can find out.
Let's hope Tom doesn't try to do that.
Let's hope Tom makes the right choice.
Let's just sit here for a few minutes.
Let's just try it and see if it works.
Let's keep things as simple as we can.
Let's not even worry about that today.
Let's see what Tom and Mary are up to.
Let's start small and work our way up.
Let's start with the easiest question.
Let's wait and see what the facts are.
Let's find out what Tom is going to do.
Let's find out what Tom needs us to do.
Let's find out what Tom wants us to do.
Let's find out what we should be doing.
Let's get together for a game of chess.
Let's go outside and sit in the garden.
Let's hope Tom can do better next time.
Let's hope Tom can do better this time.
Let's look at each step in more detail.
Let's not forget the reason we're here.
Let's sit here until the sun goes down.
Let's take a closer look at the matter.
Let's talk about what needs to be done.
Let's hope Tom wasn't injured too badly.
Let's not forget that Tom may need help.
Let's not put the cart before the horse.
Let's not worry about what others think.
Let's see if Tom can do that by himself.
Let's see if we can do better next time.
Let's be thankful for everything we have.
Let's figure out a better way to do this.
Let's find out what Tom expects us to do.
Let's go over there and sit down a while.
Let's not forget what Tom said last week.
Let's talk about what happened yesterday.
Let's wait and see what actually happens.
Let's worry about something that matters.
Let's hope Tom gets all the help he needs.
Let's list all the reasons not to do that.
Let's not let the same thing happen again.
Let's not let the same thing happen to us.
Let's see what other people think of this.
Let's see who can finish doing this first.
Let's take a closer look at these numbers.
Let's talk about it some more after lunch.
Let's wait and see what Tom actually does.
Let's hope Tom hasn't done anything stupid.
Let's hope that Tom doesn't try to do that.
Let's hope this time common sense prevails.
Let's not do anything that might upset Tom.
Let's try to come up with something better.
Let's try to find where Tom hid the money.
Let's wait a few days and see what happens.
Let's wait and see what other people think.
Let's begin by considering the similarities.
Let's not worry about what others are doing.
Let's talk about something else for a while.
Let's talk about something more interesting.
Let's list all the reasons we should do that.
Let's take a look at this from another angle.
Let's talk about what needs to be done today.
Let's talk quietly so we don't wake the baby.
Let's ask Tom if he knows how to speak French.
Let's hope Tom will have the sense to do that.
Let's see if Tom can do that without any help.
Let's see what else we can find out about Tom.
Let's get out of here before the cops get here.
Let's hope that Tom can handle that by himself.
Let's hope that we don't have to do this again.
Let's hope there are no more acts of vandalism.
Let's make sure we're doing this the right way.
Let's not forget that Tom used to be in prison.
Let's see if we can come up with a better plan.
Let's start focusing on more important matters.
Let's forget the past and talk about the future.
Let's list all the reasons we shouldn't do that.
Let's not do anything that might make Tom angry.
Let's talk about this again at the next meeting.
Let's talk quietly so we don't wake the baby up.
Let's talk quietly so we don't wake up the baby.
Let's try to find out what Tom expects us to do.
Let's wait and see if Tom really needs our help.
Let's concentrate on what needs to be done today.
Let's hope things go more smoothly the next time.
Let's get out of Tom's way and let him do his job.
Let's hope Tom will have the sense not to do that.
Let's not forget the main purpose of this meeting.
Let's not repeat the same mistakes we made before.
Tom says this is what he really needs.
Is there any English native speaker here?
What the day may bring is uncertain.
I, an old man, have written to an old man about old age.
If I have sinned, forgive me.
A child fell into the enclosure of 17-year-old Harambe, an endangered western lowland gorilla, on Saturday.
If I have made a mistake, excuse me.
I suffered sunstroke.
The toilet is stopped up.
A wise person would be ashamed to act like that.
Often we don't manage to understand how much we completely depend on others.
Sleep is the best meditation.
I'll make him an offer he'll not be able to refuse.
My barn having burned to the ground, I can now see the moon.
Night is for sleeping.
Let's find someone who really knows how to do this.
Let's go out and have a good time with our friends.
Let's not do anything that might get us in trouble.
Let's not forget that Tom is depending on our help.
Let's see if we can come up with a better solution.
Let's see what happens in the next couple of years.
Let's continue working together to make that happen.
Let's not forget that Tom is only thirteen years old.
Let's see what else we can find out about that matter.
Let's hope Tom doesn't try to do that without some help.
Let's see what else we can find out about the situation.
Let's make sure we're doing what we're supposed to be doing.
Let's wait and see what happens in the next couple of weeks.
Let's just make sure this is what we're supposed to be doing.
Let's solve our own problems first before we try to help Tom.
Let's hope all these people brought something to eat and drink.
Let's get out of Tom's way and let him do what needs to be done.
Let's check our facts carefully before we say anything about this.
Let's see what the doctor has to say before we make any decisions.
Let's hope I'm wrong and Tom will be able to do it without our help.
Let's talk about ways that we might prevent this from happening again in the future.
Someday my dream will come true.
I regret not marrying her.
We should teach our kids about the dangers of smoking.
The only language Tom knows how to speak is French.
A book without preface is like a body without a soul.
Do you think we'll find what we're looking for?
The guitarist in Tom's band isn't too bad.
Let me explain how this needs to be done.
Tom only knows how to speak French.
Tom only knew how to speak French.
They're Canadians, aren't they?
Do you already know what to do?
Do you want to go out tonight?
Now I understand everything.
How much do you have to pay?
Do you really want me to go?
Did you give them the money?
Chew with your mouth closed.
It's too late to turn back.
How much do we have to pay?
Have you ever seen a shark?
They should've noticed me.
Let me take your suitcase.
Getting there wasn't easy.
Let me explain the rules.
Is that so hard to do?
Aren't you convinced?
Can you tell me how?
They've lied to me.
Do you live nearby?
How can I do this?
Don't be a bully.
Let them talk.
You almost forgot your money.
I've never had to do anything like this before.
I've never had to go there before.
I've never had to work very hard.
I've never seen a scorpion.
I've never taken drugs.
I've never used one of these before.
I've never bought one of these before.
Tom said he would never come back here again.
It's time for us to do something about it.
Why were you kicked out of the meeting?
Have you already paid for everything?
I wish you didn't live so far away.
Tom was kicked out of the meeting.
Tom has been expelled from school.
We should do something about it.
Is this my fault or your fault?
Tom asked me to do it for him.
Did you pay for everything?
We'll always remember Tom.
I'm still not satisfied.
You can't smoke here.
Tom has been kicked out of school.
Why is this only in a foreign language?
I can hide anywhere.
If it weren't for modern medicine, I'd be dead right now.
Tom told me that he wanted to go to Boston.
Sorry, I don't think I can do it.
One of the people you were with is a friend of mine.
I see a small ship.
He is available now.
I can't believe I did it.
I can't believe I just did that.
I can't do what they do.
I can't do what Tom does.
I can't really complain.
I can't remember either.
I can't see anything at all.
I can't wait to do that.
I can't wait to get one.
I can't wait to get out of here.
I can't wait to go back to Boston.
Tom found the place he was looking for.
It's the first door on the right.
I cried when Tom told me that he and Mary were getting divorced.
I was in my early teens when I first met Tom.
I cried when Tom told me what had happened.
I need to go buy the medication Tom needs.
I like the way Tom plays the guitar.
I cried when Tom told me about that.
I'm glad you were able to meet Tom.
I was going to ask Tom to do that.
I don't know who Tom gave that to.
I had no idea Tom would do that.
I like to play music with Tom.
I had no idea Tom knew French.
I know both Tom and his wife.
I had no idea Tom would quit.
I assume this was Tom's idea.
I asked Tom if Mary was OK.
I'm sure Tom is suffering.
I'd like to meet Tom, too.
I think Tom can help Mary.
I did think Tom might win.
I wonder if Tom can come.
I already gave it to Tom.
I'm sorry to see Tom go.
I'd like to be with Tom.
I won't miss Tom at all.
I wanted to ask Tom why.
I wanted Tom to help me.
I told Tom to ignore it.
I think Tom needs to go.
I think Tom may be dead.
I think Tom is a coward.
I needed Tom to do that.
I know Tom and his wife.
I hate to see Tom leave.
I don't hate Tom at all.
I do feel sorry for Tom.
I accompanied Tom there.
I told Tom to go ahead.
I told Tom I loved him.
I think I can help Tom.
I gave Tom my car keys.
I'm glad you met Tom.
We speak.
I don't see her.
The human life is a journey.
I didn't anticipate this happening.
I didn't think we could do that.
I didn't anticipate this.
I didn't change anything.
I didn't get discouraged.
I didn't look at my feet.
I didn't take your money.
I didn't understand that.
I didn't walk for a year.
Why is this only in French?
This book is only published in French.
I wish there were a French translation of this book.
I wish there were a better translation of this book.
I wish there were a more modern translation of this book.
A French translation of this book was published in 2013.
They know the difficulties.
Tom says he knows how difficult it'll be to do that.
Tom doesn't know the difference between thin and scrawny.
I don't like bony fish.
Ferns won't grow in such a dry place.
We need to step out of our comfort zone and try something new and challenging.
Everyone will be expecting you at the party. You have to show up by hook or by crook.
I must do that.
I don't need a job.
I knew where to go.
I'm good to go now.
I'm still the boss.
I'm glad to be home.
I'm stuck in Boston.
I'm fed up with this.
I'm proud of my team.
I'm not strong enough.
I've made my mistakes.
I do hope you're right.
I got my money's worth.
I just hope I get paid.
I just needed a change.
I just thought I'd ask.
I take care of my body.
I think that's hogwash.
I think we can make it.
I think we're finished.
I told you not to sing.
I try to do what I can.
I wanted your feedback.
I was hardly surprised.
I was lying on my back.
I was the last to know.
I was there a year ago.
I was wrong to do that.
I wasn't strong enough.
Tom learned to drive when he was thirteen.
I don't like fish with lots of bones.
Love is a game where the first one who suffers has lost.
It's time to do more than just count the number of victims.
Her ashes are interred here.
On social justice, Pope Francis always speaks with wisdom.
The coming four to six weeks will be decisive in bringing the huge ebola epidemic under control.
With hands like these, I should've become a surgeon.
Am I the one who drew that?
Thank you for noticing my errors and correcting them.
I have experienced the things I taught you.
The next four to six weeks are crucial in controlling the massive Ebola outbreak.
The politician claimed that he wore neither a wig nor false teeth.
Yes, I think you should go there.
Do you speak Volapük?
Absolutely impossible.
Thank you for drawing my attention to my mistake.
Thank you for being diligent in correcting me.
Thank you for refreshing our memories.
Moreover, thank you for allowing me to complete a few hours of flying lessons.
I lay on my back.
His car was three metres long.
Would that the trees might wish to speak, instead of only making noise all the time.
The devout pray in silence.
A great treasure was discovered in a sunken ship.
I went for a long walk.
I would love to see it.
I'd have expected that.
I'll explain the rules.
I'll keep an eye on it.
I'll miss my teammates.
I'll never manage that.
I'll sign the petition.
I'll wait a day or two.
I'm actually impressed.
I'm back from vacation.
I'm concerned about it.
I'm excited about that.
I'm extremely grateful.
I'm far from impressed.
I'm feeling quite well.
I'm finished with that.
I'm going to defeat you.
I'm in total agreement.
I'm kind of aggressive.
I'm kind of astonished.
I'm nervous and scared.
I'm not angry about it.
I'm not even surprised.
I'm not fooling around.
I'm not making changes.
I'm not really worried.
I'm not very religious.
I'm really enjoying it.
I'm serious about that.
I'm still working hard.
I'm worried about that.
I've been told I snore.
I've been told that I snore.
I've had some concerns.
I've made my selection.
I do travel quite a bit.
I don't assume anything.
I don't care how I look.
I don't expect anything.
I don't feel vulnerable.
I don't like basketball.
I don't miss you at all.
I don't need medication.
I got in a car accident.
I got really sick of it.
I got this one for $300.
I guess that'll be OK.
I have a long way to go.
I have a lot of regrets.
I have a wife and a kid.
I haven't quite decided.
I hope we don't miss it.
I hope you can see that.
I hope you get one soon.
I just decided to do it.
I just didn't do my job.
I just like to have fun.
I just need to sit down.
I kind of lost my focus.
I knew I was in trouble.
I knew what I had to do.
I know which one I want.
I miss my dad every day.
I must do that, I think.
I must go to the office.
I need to get more food.
I need you to stop that.
I never get tired of it.
I personally don't care.
I plan on doing my part.
I really enjoy it a lot.
I really like what I do.
I really love what I do.
I really must go to bed.
I slept on a park bench.
I sold my house in 2013.
I sold my house for three million dollars.
I think I can do better.
I think I did all right.
I think it's a good law.
I think it's reasonable.
I think that's exciting.
I think that's possible.
I think the job is done.
I think we got it fixed.
I think we've fixed it.
I think we were lied to.
I told you it was funny.
I wanted to be a lawyer.
I wanted to be the best.
I was absolutely amazed.
I was so happy that day.
I watch a lot of movies.
I watch lots of movies.
I went ahead and did it.
I went for a short walk.
I'd be in favor of that.
I'd love an explanation.
Why were you thrown out of the party?
The dog easily killed the cat.
I started doing this job four years ago.
The blind man is no judge of color.
One learns by teaching.
I learn by reading books.
The sun is much bigger than the earth.
To which of these boys will you give the book?
You ruined all my plans.
My brother isn't home.
You shouldn't eat so much ice cream.
What is there to eat?
He's not interested in politics.
I'd like to study with you, but I can't.
Let's see how the candidate's bigoted opinions will affect the outcome of the election.
He had trouble finding his way to the hotel.
Which one of these boys will you give the book to?
We ran for seven miles.
Can you show me the definition?
There are enough seats for everyone.
The toothpaste is on the sink.
I hurt my knee when I was playing soccer.
Sometimes he runs, sometimes he walks.
I'll have to pay for it.
I'm comfortable with it.
I'm crossing my fingers.
I'm exhausted right now.
I'm extremely confident.
I'm feeling really good.
I'm having difficulties.
I'm not able to do that.
I'm not able to say why.
I'm not feeling hopeful.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to use it.
I'm not really prepared.
I'm not that nice a guy.
I'm not very optimistic.
I'm not worried anymore.
I'm on a roll right now.
I'm pretty conservative.
I'm so proud of my team.
I'm so sick of all this.
I'm staying pretty busy.
I'm sure it can be done.
I'm thrilled about that.
I've been cheated again.
I've done stupid things.
I've got new priorities.
I've worked really hard.
I had gray hair.
I haven't eaten since yesterday.
Tom and Mary still haven't seen each other since he went off to college.
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday morning.
I agree with both of you.
I agree with most of you.
I ask a lot of questions.
I attend a lot of events.
I bought a house in 2013.
I can see nothing at all.
I couldn't get rid of it.
I couldn't stop giggling.
I encourage you to do so.
I enjoyed it for a while.
I feel like a little kid.
I feel lucky to be alive.
I had no idea who he was.
I have a better idea now.
I have a lot of patience.
I have a very small nose.
I have no one to save me.
I have to deal with that.
I sure hope you can come.
I have a lot of patients.
I don't have a lot of patients.
I have a lot of patients who are older than me.
You're free to say what you want.
You were seen leaving the bar with Tom.
We have a search warrant.
Tom seems to be trying to hide something.
Tom refused to tell us what he did.
Tom refused to say what he did.
Tom is trying to hide something.
This was easier than I thought.
This was easier than I thought it would be.
The police searched Tom's car.
I'll tell everyone.
I'll tell everyone what you did.
I don't know what Tom's house looks like.
Tom looks just like his dad.
Please tell me your version of what happened.
It's much more complex than that.
Is this what you really want?
If anything bad had happened, I would've been told.
Isn't it strange?--A foreigner showing a local how to bargain at the bazaar.
I just finished reading Amazon's top-selling book of 2016: "Making a Difference."
The famous golfer just published a book called "Perfecting your swing."
I didn't find the book "Teaching English in a foreign country" useful.
Every farmer who owns a donkey beats it.
The author came out with a book for married couples called "Making it work."
I guess this is how things are going to be from now on, so we'd better get used to it.
I remember when we used to never eat vegetables that we didn't grow ourselves.
I'd like to move back into the apartment building where I used to live.
I used to visit my grandparents several times a month when I was a kid.
I used to stay with my grandmother for a couple of weeks every summer.
Tom used to eat out almost every day, but now he can't afford to.
When I was young, Tom and I used to often go swimming together.
It may take a few weeks to get used to working the night shift.
I'm trying to get used to driving on the left side of the road.
Tom used to eat out every day, but he can't afford to anymore.
Tom said it took him a little while to get used to doing this.
I used to make sure I put a cover over my motorcycle at night.
I don't think traveling by train is as safe as it used to be.
Tom used to go to school by bicycle, but now he goes by bus.
I used to like just sitting in the park and watching people.
Tom used to write articles for one of the local newspapers.
I've gotten used to doing it the way Tom wants me to do it.
Tom always used to kiss me goodbye when he left for work.
I'm still not used to getting up so early in the morning.
I could probably get used to having Tom for a son-in-law.
Tom used to come over all the time and hang out with us.
It'll take a little time to get used to wearing glasses.
When I was young, I used to often watch baseball games.
Tom used to spend a lot of time with his grandparents.
This kind of hot weather is something I'm not used to.
I used to think that taking walks was a waste of time.
You look a lot like someone I used to know in Boston.
Tom used to practice the piano three hours every day.
I'm not used to having this kind of time on my hands.
I used to work in a restaurant when I was in college.
I used to live in the same apartment building as Tom.
I haven't yet gotten used to how they do things here.
I asked Tom to sing that song he used to always sing.
You know that Tom used to live in Boston, don't you?
Tom and I used to go fishing every weekend together.
I don't think this city is as safe as it used to be.
It'll take a little time to get used to doing this.
I've gotten kind of used to doing things by myself.
I've got to get used to doing this sooner or later.
I used to sleep for only three or four hours a day.
I used to have a job as a security guard at a bank.
Tom used to steal apples from his neighbor's tree.
Tom used to smoke three packs of cigarettes a day.
I'm still not used to working so many hours a day.
I used to worry about everything, but now I don't.
I used to play the piano a lot when I was younger.
I used to love it when Tom came over to visit.
I used to go for a walk every morning before work.
I don't think I could ever get used to this smell.
Tom used to work at the same place that I do now.
Tom used to live with his grandparents in Boston.
Tom used to come to see me at least once a month.
Tom used to be the most popular kid in the class.
Tom doesn't have as much free time as he used to.
I used to walk past Tom's house almost every day.
I used to ride my bike to my grandparents' house.
I used to eat out a lot more often than I do now.
I have three brothers who used to work in Boston.
We used to get a lot of tourists from Australia.
Tom used to play tennis, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to play football before he got married.
I used to walk everywhere when I was a teenager.
I used to be scared of spiders, but not anymore.
You'll get used to this in three or four weeks.
Tom used to play the banjo when he was younger.
Tom used to play tennis every Monday afternoon.
Tom used to play piano at a club I often go to.
I'm still trying to get used to the new system.
I'm not used to talking to people I don't know.
I used to think that was true, but not anymore.
I used to make pretty good money playing music.
Tom used to play both baseball and basketball.
Tom must be getting used to doing this by now.
Tom goes fishing every weekend like I used to.
Tom and Mary used to be married to each other.
I used to volunteer at the local soup kitchen.
I used to think Tom was pretty good at French.
I used to hang out in this park as a teenager.
I remember when we used to fight all the time.
I certainly don't go out as much as I used to.
When I was young, I used to climb trees a lot.
We don't get as many customers as we used to.
Tom used to work in an office on Park Street.
Tom used to be a pretty good baseball player.
Tom isn't quite as reliable as he used to be.
Tom doesn't come here as often as he used to.
I've kind of gotten used to living in a tent.
I used to wear lipstick, but I don't anymore.
I used to watch TV three or four hours a day.
I used to play volleyball when I was younger.
I used to have a girlfriend, but we broke up.
I don't have as much money as I used to have.
You'll soon be used to living in a big city.
I've gotten used to doing things my own way.
I'm not used to staying up so late at night.
I'm not as strong a swimmer as I used to be.
I'm getting used to working the night shift.
I used to watch a lot more TV than I do now.
I used to think Tom was a pretty good coach.
I used to play the trombone in a jazz combo.
I used to know a guy that grew up in Boston.
I used to go out with friends every weekend.
I used to be a singer in a heavy metal band.
I don't have as much free time as I used to.
You used to have a crush on me, didn't you?
Tom writes much better now than he used to.
Tom used to be in a relationship with Mary.
Tom is not the active person he used to be.
Tom and I both used to live on Park Street.
I've kind of gotten used to the conditions.
I'm not as much of a loner as I used to be.
I used to think Tom was a pretty good cook.
I used to feel safe walking alone at night.
I suppose I'll get used to this eventually.
I haven't yet gotten used to the food here.
I don't speak French as often as I used to.
This used to be a very quiet neighborhood.
This used to be a close-knit neighborhood.
I'm trying to get used to being paralyzed.
I used to take long walks every afternoon.
I used to read three or four books a week.
I used to go running every day after work.
I used to go out a lot when I was younger.
I haven't yet gotten used to weather here.
I don't speak French as much as I used to.
Tom used to work as a bellboy at a hotel.
Tom used to mow lawns as a part time job.
They don't make movies like they used to.
I've quit doing many things I used to do.
I'm used to this kind of thing happening.
I'm used to being around a lot of people.
I'm not used to this kind of competition.
I'm not used to having so much free time.
I'm not used to doing this kind of thing.
I'm not as good a driver as I used to be.
I'm getting used to Tom's new hair style.
I used to work full time in a restaurant.
I used to wear ties, but I don't anymore.
I used to go there a lot a few years ago.
I used to coach my son's basketball team.
I could probably get used to living here.
I can't lift as much weight as I used to.
You're much heavier than you used to be.
You remind me of someone I used to know.
Tom must be getting used to this by now.
Tom is used to staying up late at night.
Tom is not as well off as he used to be.
Tom and I used to watch movies together.
I've kind of gotten used to the weather.
I'm used to people not agreeing with me.
I'm pretty used to people not liking me.
I used to work at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
I used to wash my hair only once a week.
I used to read a lot more than I do now.
I used to go to Boston when I was a kid.
I don't get around as well as I used to.
I could probably get used to doing this.
You're much fatter than you used to be.
You'll eventually get used to the heat.
Tom used to have a good sense of humor.
Tom is not as healthy as he used to be.
I've gotten kind of used to it.
I'm still not used to wearing a helmet.
I used to see Tom at least once a week.
I used to eat out several times a week.
I think we're all used to the food now.
You're used to doing that, aren't you?
You never used to do things like this.
You and Tom used to be friends, right?
Tom used to smoke, but now he doesn't.
Tom used to play chess with my father.
Tom used to live in this neighborhood.
Tom used to live in Boston, didn't he?
Tom used to be on the basketball team.
Tom used to be best friends with Mary.
Tom used to be as rich as Mary is now.
Tom is used to this kind of situation.
Tom and Mary used to be close friends.
I used to think your jokes were funny.
I used to play the guitar fairly well.
I used to go to all of Tom's concerts.
I used to go straight home after work.
I used to be able to play the trumpet.
I guess you get used to it eventually.
I can't eat spicy food like I used to.
Tom used to sing in a punk rock band.
Tom used to play tennis every Monday.
Tom is not the shy boy he used to be.
Tom and Mary used to be good friends.
Tom and Mary used to be best friends.
Tom and I used to share an apartment.
I'm used to Tom always yelling at me.
I used to help Tom with his homework.
I used to dress quite conservatively.
I used to do a lot of volunteer work.
I don't see Tom as much as I used to.
Tom used to work for the government.
Tom used to give me a lot of advice.
Tom used to be one of our employees.
Tom and Mary used to be inseparable.
This will take some getting used to.
I'm still not used to the food here.
I'm not used to driving in the snow.
I used to think you were a nice guy.
I used to think this was impossible.
I used to think the same way you do.
I used to think it wasn't a problem.
I used to ride a motorcycle to work.
I used to keep my room much cleaner.
I used to be able to sing that song.
I used to be able to play that song.
I study a lot harder than I used to.
I don't go out as much as I used to.
Tom used to meditate every morning.
Tom used to come here once a month.
Tom used to be a used car salesman.
Tom is not as shy as he used to be.
I'm way stronger than I used to be.
I'm not used to this kind of stuff.
I'm not as nervous as I used to be.
I work a lot harder than I used to.
I used to write songs all the time.
I used to speak French fairly well.
I used to be a cook many years ago.
I used to be a bit more fastidious.
I remember when I used to go there.
I know a man you used to work with.
Tom used to visit me all the time.
Tom used to say that all the time.
Tom used to be angry all the time.
Tom is used to sleeping in a tent.
Tom is probably used to it by now.
I'm not as skinny as I used to be.
I used to love going to the beach.
I used to go camping every summer.
I used to discuss things with Tom.
I can't walk as well as I used to.
You'll soon get used to the cold.
You'll eventually get used to it.
Tom used to play bass in my band.
Tom used to earn $30,a month.
I'm not as agile as I used to be.
I used to wash Tom's car for him.
I used to think it didn't matter.
I used to ride my bike to school.
I used to have three secretaries.
I used to have that same problem.
I used to eat a lot of junk food.
I used to cook three meals a day.
I have to get used to doing this.
I can't see as well as I used to.
You used to like me, didn't you?
Tom used to be Mary's boyfriend.
Tom isn't used to being ignored.
Tom and Mary used to be engaged.
Tom and I used to work together.
Tom and I used to work for Mary.
I'm not used to being yelled at.
I'm not as wild as I used to be.
I used to walk home from school.
I used to play guitar in a club.
I used to have the same problem.
I used to be tired all the time.
I should be used to this by now.
I haven't gotten used to it yet.
I could really get used to this.
I could get used to living here.
I can't do as much as I used to.
We used to be friends with Tom.
That's the way I used to do it.
My parents used to call me Tom.
I'm used to this sort of thing.
I'm used to getting my own way.
I'm used to getting more sleep.
I'm trying to get used to this.
I'm getting used to doing this.
I used to own quite a lot land.
I used to eat three eggs a day.
I used to be very good at that.
I guess I'm getting used to it.
I got used to working overtime.
Tom used to work in Australia.
Tom used to be a math teacher.
Tom and I used to fight a lot.
This used to be a parking lot.
Nothing is like it used to be.
I'm used to having my own way.
I used to think that was true.
I used to play music with Tom.
I used to live on Park Street.
I used to know Tom quite well.
I used to have very long hair.
I used to go horseback riding.
I used to be scared of snakes.
I used to be Tom's girlfriend.
I suppose I'll get used to it.
Tom used to work as a waiter.
Tom used to never wear a hat.
Tom used to have a black car.
Tom used to be a taxi driver.
I'm used to talking about it.
I used to wear a tie to work.
I used to think Tom was cute.
I used to skip classes a lot.
I think I'm used to the pain.
Tom used to play the guitar.
Tom used to get good grades.
Tom used to be a journalist.
I've gotten used to winning.
I used to work in Australia.
I used to talk to Tom a lot.
I used to play in that park.
I used to love to play jazz.
I used to live in a trailer.
I used to live in Australia.
I used to live close to Tom.
I used to have crush on you.
I used to draw all the time.
You'll soon get used to it.
Tom used to play the cello.
People used to laugh at us.
I'm used to hearing sirens.
I'm getting used to my job.
I used to own a sports car.
I used to be a businessman.
I used to be a bit cleaner.
I never used to eat snacks.
I guess you get used to it.
We used to live in Boston.
Tom used to go to parties.
Tom never used to do that.
I'm not used to this cold.
I used to wash my own car.
I used to dream about you.
I used to be good at this.
I used to be a vegetarian.
I know how Tom used to be.
You used to love singing.
Tom used to live with us.
I'm used to the pain now.
I used to work in a bank.
I used to think like you.
I used to live near here.
I used to like you a lot.
I used to like Tom a lot.
I used to complain a lot.
I used to call Tom a lot.
I used to be a cat lover.
I have to get used to it.
I got used to it quickly.
I can't get used to this.
Tom used to play soccer.
I'm not used to waiting.
I used to play with Tom.
I used to live near Tom.
I used to be a landlord.
Tom used to have a dog.
Tom is used to waiting.
I've gotten used to it.
Tom used to live here.
I used to respect Tom.
I used to play hockey.
I used to drive a truck.
I used to drink a lot.
I used to admire Tom.
I'm used to waiting.
I'm used to Tom now.
I used to trust Tom.
I used to live here.
I used to cry a lot.
We used to do that.
I used to smoke.
Death is a great instructor.
Studying a table of Russian paradigms, Mary unconsciously knitted her brows and scratched her head. She marvelled that most Russian six-year-olds master the noun declensions with little apparent effort.
That king ruled wisely.
Mary is a dog trainer.
Paul is a dolphin trainer.
This will take some time to get used to.
I don't feel like a hero.
I don't have to pay rent.
I don't know what I need.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what you do.
I don't live in the city.
I don't mean that at all.
I don't mind that at all.
I don't miss home at all.
I don't quite understand.
They've won many competitions.
This isn't my umbrella. It's someone else's.
Tom drove very carefully.
You won't find Tom there.
We couldn't figure it out.
Did you water the tomatoes?
We were never invited back.
I doubt that we'll ever be invited back.
It's best if you don't know.
It would be better if I didn't tell you.
Don't you remember the title?
Do you remember the title of that book?
I decided not to buy perfume.
No one owes anybody anything.
Tom paused and took a breath.
Tom paused and took a deep breath.
Tom put the cake in the oven.
When can you come to my house?
When can you come over to my house?
Can anyone tell me what to do?
Can anyone tell me what I should do next?
Do you know what happens next?
Do you know what's going to happen next?
Do you know what'll happen next?
How badly do you want to come?
I hope you come to my lecture.
I hope you come to my concert.
I hope you come to my party.
I prefer coffee without sugar.
My brother will take you home.
Would you like me to take you home?
What are you going to do here?
I found a buyer for your house.
Tom slowly rose from his chair.
Did you get on the wrong bus again?
We'll have to wait a couple of hours.
We'll need to wait a couple of hours.
Tom should be here in a couple of hours.
Are you sure you know what to say?
I didn't have time to do anything else.
I didn't have time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom said he couldn't remember anything.
Tom said he couldn't remember his own phone number.
Come and give it a try.
He apologized to me.
He asked me to go to bed early.
The president has to learn the speech by heart.
They made many changes.
While Tom was picking blackberries, the thorny canes scratched his arms and legs several times. "Next time I do this," he told Mary, "I'll be sure to wear long sleeves so that I don't get so many little scratches."
Use your power.
The cup is filled to the brim.
Mary was expelled from school.
Tom swims.
Tom dances.
Tom is sexy.
Has Tom come?
Tom is on TV.
Tom whispered.
Tom avoids me.
Tom dumped me.
Tom has a cat.
Tom is a temp.
Tom likes tea.
Tom must come.
Tom was on TV.
Who likes Tom?
Tom feels hurt.
Tom grew roses.
Tom has a maid.
Tom is a model.
Tom is bipolar.
Tom made noise.
I'll defend Tom.
Tom confused us.
Tom drew a tree.
Tom drove a van.
Tom has a house.
Tom hates rules.
Tom is a sexist.
Tom is educated.
Tom is thirteen.
Tom is too weak.
Tom likes chess.
Tom likes girls.
Tom likes music.
Searching is dangerous. Sometimes you discover something you didn't at all want to find.
A man once said to the Buddha, "I want to be happy!" Buddha said, "First remove 'I', that's ego, then remove 'want', that's desire. See, now you are left with only happiness!"
The child sits in the back of the car while the parents sit in front.
Smile and be happy!
A man once said to the Buddha, "I want to be extremely happy!" Buddha said, "first remove "I", that’s ego, then remove "want", that’s desire, then remove "extremely", that's immodest. See, now you are left with only happiness!"
I want to be extremely happy.
I want to be incredibly happy.
I want to be very happy.
Today we must do what everyone else will do tomorrow.
What's there to eat?
I've got an ear infection.
I'll go back and sort this.
He's trying to communicate with his beautiful little voice. You just need to listen.
It's really not rocket science.
I'm an avid golfer.
I'm concerned, of course.
I'm not going to deny it.
I've been cheated before.
I did all the work myself.
I ordered a glass of wine.
I think Tom might be sick.
I've had three operations.
I have to go to the office.
I really have to go to bed.
I was the last one to know.
I'm almost seven feet tall.
I'm going to miss it a lot.
I've been here a month now.
I almost forgot my umbrella.
I have the right to do this.
I'm almost thirty years old.
I don't remember what I said.
I have about thirty of those.
I have around thirty of them.
I know most of the guys here.
I think I have a future here.
I'd love to get one of those.
I have a friend who does that.
Are you enjoying your weekend?
Where is my hedgehog?
The decision has already been made.
Please put on your safety glasses.
Business expenses are tax-deductible.
Tom takes piano lessons.
I have to practice the piano every day.
When I came home, Tom was practicing piano.
Tom's friends asked him to come out and play.
Tom can't read sheet music.
I heard a knock on the door and it was Tom.
The old man's beard was long and thin.
Two of the soldiers were killed and the rest were captured.
A defect was found in the water-cooling circuit.
Tom is a hemophiliac.
The new circumstances compelled a change in policy.
The farmers quickly plowed the fields.
All the students returned home.
When the national hockey team visited America, half the players defected.
The music makes me want to dance.
It's not a matter of if the bridge will collapse, but when.
I had been seen.
Tom lost his leg in a shark attack.
Tom really loves his present.
Tom, did you hear your father?
Night fishing is illegal.
You don't love me. You never have!
Where are your friends going?
Need it? I don't need anything. I'm rich; needing is for poor people. Only poor people need things.
He's a bit of a snob.
She's a bit of a snob.
Tom put some suntan lotion on.
Can you put some suntan lotion on my back?
You're going to look like a lobster if you don't put on some sunscreen.
Don't forget to put on some sunscreen.
Could you rub some suntan lotion on me?
Would you rub some lotion on my back?
Thanks. You didn't have to.
Thanks. I appreciate it.
Here's the money I owe you.
Tom is a bit of a snob.
Tom is such a snob.
Many people think Tom is a snob, but I don't think he is.
Tom is a bit snobbish.
I'll deal with that tomorrow.
I have a pen pal in Australia.
I have to deal with that soon.
I think I'll be able to do it.
I won't be back any time soon.
I'd like to do something else.
I don't like what you're doing.
I assure you that I can do that.
I hope it doesn't rain tomorrow.
I hope we don't have to do that.
I'd rather have a piece of cake.
I'll stay here as long as I can.
I couldn't get out of doing this.
I don't think we have to do this.
I've wanted to do this for years.
I have to deal with that tomorrow.
I think I can do better than that.
I tried doing that a few days ago.
I haven't quite decided what to do.
I hope this good weather continues.
I'll try to deal with that tomorrow.
I don't think we have to do this now.
I'd much rather have a piece of cake.
I was the last one to know about that.
I haven't had a day off in a long time.
I haven't talked to Tom about this yet.
I hope we don't have to sell our house.
I've played this piece of music before.
I guess I need to start studying harder.
I started doing this job three years ago.
I don't think we have to do anything else.
I have a friend who's a teacher in Boston.
I slept last night more than I usually do.
I'll be doing something else at that time.
I've written several papers on this topic.
I used to spend a lot of time studying French.
I always have a lot of fun when I come here.
I've never played this piece of music before.
I don't think anyone has ever done this before.
I'll do the best that I can to keep that from happening.
That rarely happens.
She ate the bread.
I hardly see you anymore.
I hardly see Tom anymore.
I want you to know that I really didn't want to do that.
I want you to have opportunities that I never had.
I want you to hold this while I open the door.
I want you to think about how we can improve.
I want you to think about what might happen.
I want you to do that as soon as possible.
I want you to take care of this for me.
I want you to give this package to Tom.
I want you to come with me to Boston.
I want you to tell me what you hear.
I want you to sit here and be quiet.
I want you to help me choose a book.
I want you to cut down those three trees.
I want you to tell Tom what I said.
I want you to write me a letter.
I want you to do that right now.
I want you to think about that.
I want you to promise me that.
I want you to figure that out.
I want you to behave yourself.
I want you to be nicer to Tom.
I want you to pay attention.
I want you to make a choice.
I want you to know all this.
I want you to stay tonight.
I want you to decide.
I want to do everything I can to make sure Tom is able to go to college.
I want to let Tom know that he doesn't need to be here tomorrow.
I want to know what's going to be going on here this afternoon.
I want to tell as many people as I can about what happened.
I want to let Tom know that there's nothing to worry about.
I want to know more about the man who lives in that house.
I want to make sure we have enough time to finish this.
I want to get these things done as quickly as possible.
I want to take a year off and travel around the world.
I want to thank my mom and dad for always helping me.
I want to stop this rumor before it goes any further.
I want to meet people from all types of backgrounds.
I want to speak to you about what needs to be done.
I want to share this with my grandchildren one day.
I want to stay here in Boston for a few more days.
I want to know what the cause of the accident was.
I want to keep doing this for as long as possible.
I want to thank you for helping us get that done.
I want to thank all of you for coming here today.
I want to get back to Boston as soon as possible.
I want to be just like my father when I grow up.
I want to thank everyone who helped me do this.
I want to try to be as aggressive as possible.
I want to meet people from all over the world.
I want to get as much information as possible.
I want to dance at my granddaughter's wedding.
I want to be a leader that people can respect.
I want to tell Tom that he shouldn't do that.
I want to talk to as many people as possible.
I want to hear your version of what happened.
I want to apologize for everything I've done.
I want to leave my farm to my grandchildren.
I want to give Tom the benefit of the doubt.
I want to thank you for taking care of Tom.
I want to thank everyone for their support.
I want to talk about what needs to be done.
I want to make sure we have plenty of time.
I want to get as much information as I can.
I want to be the best swimmer in Australia.
I want to be able to communicate in French.
I want to stay here a couple more days.
I want to make more money than my parents.
I want to be just like Tom when I grow up.
I want to be a leader that people respect.
I want to wait and see what they propose.
I want to wait and see what Tom proposes.
I want to thank you for what you've done.
I want to start getting ready to do that.
I want to make sure we get there on time.
I want to hear about what you plan to do.
I want to stay in Australia for a while.
I want to make sure you know what to do.
I want to make sure that doesn't happen.
I want to leave it up to you what to do.
I want to know what caused the accident.
I want to be there the day that happens.
I want to understand why this happened.
I want to thank you for helping us win.
I want to thank everyone who helped me.
I want to see Tom happy and successful.
I want to learn how to fly an airplane.
I want to help as many people as I can.
I want to be ready as soon as I can be.
I want to make sure I know what to do.
I want to hear the rest of your story.
I want to do this as quickly as I can.
I want to be the best player I can be.
I want to ask you some more questions.
I want to stay here as long as I can.
I want to see what's going to happen.
I want to know why this is happening.
I want to just focus on the positive.
I want to finish what I started here.
I want to find out what it really is.
I want to be as truthful as possible.
I want to apologize to everyone here.
I want to speak to you for a moment.
I want to see your driver's license.
I want to make this perfectly clear.
I want to go to school in Australia.
I want to get my life back together.
I want to be what you want me to be.
I want to try some different ideas.
I want to stay at the Hilton Hotel.
I want to know what we're here for.
I want to know how that's possible.
I want to find out what's going on.
I want to figure it out for myself.
I want to come back here next year.
I want to apologize for doing that.
I want to try something different.
I want to tell you one thing more.
I want to sit between you and Tom.
I want to go home and see my wife.
I want to be the first to do that.
I want to see how good I can get.
I want to say this the right way.
I want to go home to see my wife.
I want to do this the right way.
I want to talk about the future.
By what percent will you discount the prices?
I want to make my parents proud.
I want to know about everything.
I want to hear about your plans.
I want to grow old with my wife.
I want to emigrate to Australia.
I want to do something about it.
I want to be a stay-at-home dad.
I want to thank everybody here.
I want to see if I can do that.
I want to personally thank you.
I want to make my father proud.
I want to know what I'm buying.
I want to know the whole story.
I want to know a lot of things.
I want to have a talk with you.
I want to get out of this town.
I want to get better at tennis.
I want to get better at guitar.
I want to do something special.
I want to do something for Tom.
I want to do a little shopping.
I want to bring my family here.
I want to become more involved.
I want to be the best I can be.
I want to talk to your mother.
I want to spend time with Tom.
I want to sleep in my own bed.
I want to see you after lunch.
I want to prove I can do this.
I want to move away from here.
I want to make sure Tom is OK.
I want to know what you'll do.
I want to go bowling with Tom.
I want to get some stuff done.
I want to get better at chess.
I want to focus on the future.
I want to do something useful.
I want to concentrate on that.
I want to come back next year.
I want to become an astronaut.
I want to be a problem solver.
I want to be a police officer.
I want to see if I can stand.
I want to make things better.
I want to go as far as I can.
I want to get back to Boston.
I want to come and live here.
I want to build a house here.
I want to try to enjoy this.
I want to see it done right.
I want to run for president.
I want to know who they are.
I want to keep working here.
I want to keep my kids safe.
I want to hear your opinion.
I want to go somewhere else.
I want to enjoy this moment.
I want to be there with Tom.
I want to be in a rock band.
I want to be a storm chaser.
I want to serve my country.
I want to see you a minute.
I want to score more goals.
I want to run for governor.
I want to put out the fire.
I want to know what's good.
I want to have a good time.
I want to do something new.
I want to be more dominant.
I want to see Tom succeed.
I want to know who did it.
I want to go to Australia.
I want to get out of town.
I want to forget about it.
I want to find a good job.
I want to do what's right.
I want to do this at home.
I want to do it very much.
I want to write a letter.
I want to try to be fair.
I want to thank everyone.
I want to pay for it now.
I want to make you smile.
I want to look into this.
I want to live like that.
I want to help my family.
I want to go and see Tom.
I want to give you a hug.
I want to get back there.
I want to buy you dinner.
I want to be a contender.
I want to win this game.
I want to go to the zoo.
I want to get this done today.
I want to get this done.
I want to focus on that.
I want to do this later.
I want to become famous.
I want to write to Tom.
I want to hit the road.
I want to go back home.
I want to be an author.
I want to retire soon.
I want to play better.
I want to help people.
I want to move away.
I want to do well.
I want to compete.
He may be the traitor.
She may be the traitor.
Tom may be the traitor.
You could be one of them.
Tom might be the traitor.
Tom may be a traitor.
Tom might be a traitor.
Tom might be the guy who did this.
It is not as fast as it used to be.
I'm not as fast as I used to be.
I'm not as fat as I used to be.
I'm not as rich as I used to be.
I'm a lot slower now than I used to be.
I don't eat as much as I used to.
I don't sleep as much as I used to.
I only eat meat about three or four times a month.
He left town.
I want Tom to continue doing things just the way he's been doing them.
I want Tom to continue doing things just the way he's doing them.
I want my children to graduate from high school.
I want to eat something different for a change.
I want people to know about what happened here.
I want my son to become a mechanical engineer.
I want my songs to be sung by someone famous.
I want my children to learn to speak French.
I want my children to have that opportunity.
I want us to stay in an expensive hotel.
I want all my children to go to college.
I want people to know what's going on.
I want everyone to stay where you are.
I want everyone to know what happened.
I want every single thing in this box.
I want you to throw this stuff away.
I want people to know what happened.
I want my children to go to college.
I want it to be different this time.
I want everyone to remain very calm.
I want people to feel at home here.
I want more people to get involved.
I want everybody to know I'm sorry.
I want everybody to be respectful.
I want to be the one who decides.
I want Tom to know what happened.
I want Tom to leave immediately.
I want my parents not to worry.
I want my children to be happy.
I want everyone to remain calm.
I want this stuff thrown away.
I want everything in this box.
I want everybody to be happy.
I want everyone to be quiet.
I want something different.
I want everyone to love me.
I want some of that stuff.
I want Tom to be punished.
I want Tom to come home.
I want Tom to come back.
I want our team to win.
I want Tom to have fun.
I want us to be ready.
I want Tom to decide.
Hundreds of cattle went to the lake.
This law is applicable in every case.
He was lying in bed on his back.
I unintentionally took his umbrella.
I took his umbrella without meaning to.
I can't buy you the bike.
I can't buy the bicycle for you.
Mom, can you give me money to buy candy?
Mummy, could you give me money to buy sweets?
If you don't want to buy some unnecessary thing, don't go to the fair.
Why the devil do you come to me saying you've lost your dog? What have I got to do with whether you buy yourself another one?
Why are you scared of me?
Why are you afraid of Tom?
There's no reason to be afraid of Tom.
Can we say no to Esperanto?
My daughter, I may say it to you so that my daughter-in-law should understand it.
If you don't want to buy something you don't need, don't go to the fair.
I wanted to let you know about that, but Tom told me not to say anything.
I wanted to earn some money, so I worked part time three days a week.
I wanted my parents to be at my wedding, but they refused to come.
I wanted to keep my job, so I did what the boss told me to do.
I wanted to tell Tom in person, so I drove over to his house.
I wanted a sports car, but my wife said we needed a van.
I wanted to give Tom an extra day to finish the report.
I wanted to go out and play baseball with my friends.
I wanted one of those when I was a kid.
I wanted to spend more time in Boston.
I wanted to show Tom how to do that.
I wanted to know about everything.
I wanted to give up on everything.
I wanted to do that, but I didn't.
I wanted to see if that was true.
I wanted to finish this earlier.
I wanted to do better this time.
I wanted to go, but I got sick.
I wanted to avoid this problem.
I wanted Tom to be successful.
I wanted to be there with you.
I wanted Tom to try harder.
I wanted to have fun.
I want a nice backyard where I can have barbecue parties.
I want everything that's not working fixed.
I want a better future for my children.
I want a doctor who can speak French.
I want a puppy for Christmas.
In his forties and fifties, a man is still a toddler.
This is utterly balderdash.
If one day you realised that you are good for nothing, what will you do?
Pick food that are less in oil, sugar, salt and foods with high fibre.
My Lord I lose the game.
You are not answering the question correctly.
We drained the pond and filled it with fresh water.
Have you already rung the doorbell?
Can you see anything else?
Will we ever see you again?
I did this for my son.
I did this for Tom.
Everybody got sick.
All the police officers were equipped with shields to defend themselves against the rioters.
Esperanto is a peaceful language.
Esperanto is a useful language.
I may have hurt your feelings, but that was not my intention.
He turned a blind eye to him.
Tom has time.
Hurry up. The train only stops here for a short time.
He's exactly my age.
I wonder whether Tom will ever come home.
I haven't spoken to Mario since he lied to me.
Can you describe what that experience was like for you?
Can you briefly sum up what was said at the meeting?
Can you tell me how you found out that Tom did that?
Can you tell me how you found out what Tom did?
Can you tell me how to get to the Hilton Hotel?
Can you believe Tom is still only thirteen?
Can you believe Tom is still just thirteen?
Can you tell me how to get to the library?
Can you remember when you first met Tom?
Can you finish this in three days?
Can you complete the work in three days?
Can you tell me how much a ticket costs?
Can you back off just a little, please?
Can you tell me when Tom will be back?
Can you tell me what I'm missing here?
Can you tell me what's bothering you?
Can you show me where Tom's office is?
Can you tell me where your room is?
Can you talk a little bit about that?
Can you actually imagine doing that?
Can you translate that into French?
Can you tell me about your project?
Can you show me the way to the gym?
Can you print this document for me?
Can you give us your thoughts on that?
Can you give your thoughts on that?
Can you give us your point of view?
Can you figure out what this means?
Can you please explain this to me?
Can you tell me what I did wrong?
Can you talk about that a little?
Can you imagine what that's like?
Can you help me find my daughter?
Can you guess what's in this bag?
Can you get somebody to help you?
Can you come over this afternoon?
Can you tell me what that means?
Can you tell me if this is true?
Can you help me solve a mystery?
Can you guess what happens next?
Can you get me a glass of water?
Can you tell which one is real?
Can you tell us about yourself?
Can you open your eyes, please?
Can you help me paint my house?
Can you help me make a snowman?
Can you think of any examples?
Can you tell us more about it?
Can you tell me why you asked?
Can you tell me what you have?
Can you tell me what it means?
Can you open this jar for me?
Can you explain how Tom died?
Can you swim as well as Tom?
Can you help me get started?
Can you come back next week?
Can you tell us about that?
Can you please not do that?
Can you tell me my future?
Can you solve this puzzle?
Can you see me from there?
Can you blame me for that?
Can you give me the keys?
Can you do that in a day?
Can you come work for us?
Can we really trust Tom?
Can you sing us a song?
Can you just please go?
Can you read it to me?
Can you just hurry up?
Can you do it, please?
Can you fix my car?
Can you read this?
Can you jump rope?
Can you come here?
Can you be quiet?
Can you read?
Can you cook?
Is there a God?
Tom speaks English with a distinct French accent.
A currant is smaller than a strawberry.
You are in the way.
You lack confidence.
You always get up early, don't you?
He didn't like city life.
They only speak Finnish with their children.
This is an excellent site for learning Finnish.
How can Tom not understand this?
I understand it now, or at least I think I do.
He died in that big fire.
I need medicine to lessen the pain.
I am going to the mall.
I'm going to the mall.
It was almost the perfect crime: we arrived at the scene, opened the trunk, killed the man and cleaned up the prints, but we forgot to hide the body.
People don't wish for what they own.
At least I can see you.
Your lecture was not satisfactory at all.
I'm trying to find a new job.
I am trying to find a new job.
Then what is love? A disease which can strike people at any age.
The lizard climbed along the wall and went into a hole.
If pleasure is fleeting, so is the effort.
He's always complaining that he doesn't have time for anything.
I like to help the most wretched people.
He'd like to talk to you for a moment.
He's always here between five and six o'clock.
It's not known how many of them survived.
What's happening to you? Do you trust that person?
You like to talk about architecture, don't you?
I was very warmly dressed, so I came back to take something off.
You'd better change your way of thinking.
I'd better try saving the battery.
We want you to come to our party.
He took advantage of the occasion to visit the museum.
A child is never too warmly dressed.
One day those people arrived in his village.
That river quickly overflowed due to the downpour.
Those who laugh much are happier than those who laugh little.
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it or who has said it, not even if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own common sense.
People who laugh a lot are much happier than those who don't laugh very much.
I feel like a bad person.
I took Tom's umbrella by mistake.
I took Tom's umbrella without meaning to.
I don't want to be like all those who first ruin their health in search of money and then afterwards ruin themselves just to get it back.
I do not want to imitate the many who first use up their health to seek money and then use up their money to seek health.
Did everybody hear that?
Did you just insult me?
Willing dependence is the most beautiful condition, and how would it be possible without love?
Latin America is one of the world's most unequal regions.
Poverty declined by more than percent in Latin America during the 2000s.
The dictator seized power in a military coup.
His sacrifice will not be in vain.
Space travel is dangerous.
You sure made me look stupid.
Do you remember what we talked about?
This is very good soil.
He didn't seem to pay much attention to you.
Which floor does he live on?
Each person who learns Esperanto contributes to the success of this language.
Don't you say you saw this coming!
Can you stand on your head for more than three minutes?
How do you put up with that kind of humiliation?
Even if polluted water serves no other purpose, it can put out a fire.
That is your victory.
In winter, I feel more tired.
Sorry but I'm going to be late, I'm stuck in traffic!
Tom spends all his time on the computer.
Oceanfront houses bore the brunt of the huge waves whipped up by the storm.
Cleaning is necessary.
What is the cost of the cleaning?
There are too many ads on YouTube.
Have you ever failed an exam?
If you do that, you'll be making a fool of yourself.
She is a physicist.
Open the cupboard on the left. The bottles are there.
I'm at your place.
They forced him to resign.
There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires.
One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble.
If you see something, say something!
I tried a glass of one of the emperor's favorite drinks that used to be served in the palace.
Rape and sexual assault are crimes of violence.
Rape is always a crime of violence.
I believe that Gandhi’s views were the most enlightened of all the political men in our time. We should strive to do things in his spirit: not to use violence in fighting for our cause, but by non-participation in anything you believe is evil.
Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.
He did't answer at first
You can never make the same mistake twice because the second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice.
The more you wait, the worse it's going to get.
Tom is a sports fanatic.
The longer you wait to tell her, the worse it's going to be.
Tom now works as a dog walker.
Take the elevator three floors down to the conference room.
The elevator is broken. You need to walk floors up to the rooftop terrace.
I have a lot of stuffed animals.
In six years, will we remember what you said today?
Tell him what you just told me.
Tell her what you just told me.
Don't look for the fly in the ointment.
As dead flies give perfume a bad smell, so a little folly outweighs wisdom and honor.
Dead flies cause the ointment of the apothecary to send forth a stinking savour: likewise a small act of folly unto him that is esteemed for wisdom and honour.
Do not answer a fool according to his folly, or you yourself will be just like him.
I hate being sick.
Having a universal auxiliary language is something worth fighting for. Likely, however, most Esperantists tend towards pacifism.
Please tell me how to get to Boston.
How do you say "steamed rice" in Vietnamese?
"How do you say 'eggplant' in Vietnamese?" - "Cà tím" - "That's so funny; separately, those two words would seem to mean a 'purple fish'." - "Well, 'eggplant' is a rather comical word too."
Please tell me about your favourite book.
What qualities do you most admire in Tom?
What is your earliest memory from childhood?
How do you think that Britons should vote in the upcoming referendum? What do you think the results will be like?
Having learned Danish as a child, I was still surprised at how much of the Swedish police drama I could understand, even without subtitles.
My mother was Norwegian, and my father was Danish. It was not till I was five that I learned that they spoke two separate languages.
Canada, Belgium and Switzerland encourage bilingualism; knowing at least two languages, perhaps even three or more, is a real advantage.
I'm daydreaming.
Are you unable to see properly?
Let's settle this issue without a mediator.
If I were you, I wouldn't hesitate.
Neither of them was present at the meeting.
I looked at the animal and the animal looked at me.
She talked her into quitting her job.
There is no one who is born under an unlucky star, there are only people who cannot read the sky.
Nobody is born under an unlucky star, there are only people who cannot read the sky.
There is no one who is born under a bad star, there are only people who don't know how to read the sky.
Don't bother me about that.
Civilization, in the real sense of the term, consists not in the multiplication, but in the deliberate and voluntary reduction in wants. This alone can promote real happiness and contentment.
A single glass of alcohol increases the risk of cancer.
You should avoid alcohol completely when trying to become pregnant, and in the first four months of pregnancy. The less time the pregnancy has advanced, the greater the risk of miscarriage.
New research shows that just a single glass of wine per week significantly increases the risk of miscarriage.
Drinking just one glass of wine a day will damage your health, according to a study.
One glass of red wine a night is enough to damage health, say scientists.
For a while now, researchers have boasted the health benefits of red wine, including a lower risk of heart disease and degenerative diseases like Alzheimer’s. In which case, drinking a glass of wine a day seems harmless, even beneficial. But a team of researchers from Harvard TH Chan School of Public Health and Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston have busted our wine-infused bubble, finding that just that one glass can increase the risk of breast cancer.
She slept even longer.
You're very alert.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
He is full of life even though he is very old.
I was in a rush when I typed it up, so there must be plenty of errors, including grammatical ones.
I want her to do the hard work.
We're continuing the conversation.
Napoleon led his troops to Russia.
He fell as if wounded by a bullet.
She always loves to learn new things.
Donald Trump warned that if he does not win, the United States could turn into "Argentina or Venezuela."
The president's term lasts four years.
I want to work there.
He's a born winner.
I am not afraid of dying due to old age.
She is afraid of dying from cancer.
She is afraid of dying without ever having been loved.
He is afraid of dying poor.
How much is it in dollars?
Tom has gone to the barber shop to get his hair cut.
Tom didn't seem to be paying much attention to you.
Tom and Mary speak only French with their children.
Tom and Mary only speak French with their children.
Tom didn't seem to pay much attention to Mary.
Tom says he doesn't want to wait for you.
Tom didn't pay much attention to Mary.
Can you imagine how scared Tom was?
Tom and Mary look cute together.
Tom and Mary argue quite often.
Tom might not be able to swim.
Tom might not understand French.
Tom might understand French.
Where on earth did Tom go?
Tom apologized to me.
Tom drank some beer.
I don't see this as a core issue.
It's a very delicate subject.
I don't sew their clothes.
She's only interested in selling books.
No one knew that.
Nobody knew that.
I added new examples.
A tiny spark may become a great flame.
Since when have you been learning Latin?
The kids dig in the sand.
Basically he is my soulmate.
Great! We'll meet at the movie theater.
Tom chained himself to a tree.
I didn't like that game until I started to win.
I loved you very much.
You abandoned your children.
There are people who think pineapples grow underground.
Pay no mind to the man behind the curtain.
Tom's dog enjoys being hoovered.
Tom's dog enjoys being vacuumed.
I was born in the wrong penetration.
Have a look at the angle of the cut.
I went downstairs and turned off the light.
I couldn't see what was inside.
They knew that he did it but they couldn't prove it.
I've put a lot of effort into this.
It's an important source of income for him.
Tourists are the main source of income for them.
Jennifer has been working in London since January.
Release the animals from the cages.
A caterpillar becomes a butterfly.
I've been waiting for the bus for half an hour.
Giving up drinking is not an easy task.
The caterpillar is turning into a butterfly.
Was the cliffhanger a downer or did it whet your appetite for more?
What key is this song in?
Is this song in A minor or in C major?
Do you promise not to tell?
I'll tell you if you promise not to tell.
Will this nightmare ever end?
I can tell you if you promise not to tell anyone.
Do you promise not to tell anyone else?
If I tell you a secret, do you promise not to tell?
You have to promise not to tell anyone.
There are no correct fingerings for scales, because everyone's hands are different.
It seems that your dog has taken quite a liking to Tom.
One shouldn't make promises one can't keep.
I've never done it this way before.
Tom called me a scaredy-cat.
I want to get it right the first time.
It's really not that big of a deal.
Can you imagine what would've happened if we hadn't been there?
You have no idea how hard I've had to work to get this done.
You have no idea how hard I've had to work to do this.
Tom is old enough to know that what he did was wrong.
Can you give me some idea what time you'll get here?
What would've happened to me if I hadn't done that?
I plan to stay at home by myself and watch some TV.
Do you remember what time you woke up this morning?
What was the name of the movie we saw last night?
Which one of these glasses did you drink out of?
What would've happened to me if I'd done that?
This is an excellent site for learning French.
Would you have helped me if I'd asked you to?
Can you believe that October is almost over?
I'll never forget what happened here today.
I never wanted to talk about what happened.
I never want to talk about what happened.
Can you please tell me how much it's worth?
Can you please explain that in more detail?
Can you just please give me some more time?
Can you believe that summer is almost over?
Can you imagine how silly that would look?
Can you give us some tips on buying a car?
Can you explain what you're talking about?
Can you honestly imagine that happening?
Can you tell us what inspired you most?
Can you imagine doing this by yourself?
Can you advise me on what I should do?
Can you tell us a bit about yourself?
Can you give me a better explanation?
I've got some bad news for you.
Is sugar a poison?
I don't like Brussels sprouts.
Is this really our hotel?
"Is this really our hotel?" "No, that's our hotel."
The toilet is clogged.
The toilet overflowed.
Tom didn't want to wear the shirt that his mother had gotten him for Christmas.
Tom has been accepted to medical school.
She is more beautiful than you think.
He is more handsome than you think.
The rabbits are timid.
Welcome to France!
He asked me the name of Mary's father.
Tom is a human rights activist.
He asked me the name of Tom's father.
My father gave me a computer as a gift.
Some people followed him.
A man began to follow Tom.
Tom lived for thirty years.
You are more stupid than I thought.
I heard the voice of a man, not a woman.
I will promise you nothing.
What are you promising me?
Liberland is a micronation.
Please help me. I don't understand what I'm doing.
This will take us three, at most four weeks.
While walking home from school this morning, I ran into Tom.
Where have they been for the last three months?
Why not? She is just twenty years older than me.
Today Colombia plays against Paraguay at half past in the evening, Colombia local time.
Who knows more about you than your own mother?
How many hours are left?
Correct it, please.
The pasty was delicious.
He grabbed the rope with both hands.
I was so hungry that I ate it.
I have Tom's keys.
This bread smells really good.
I have Tom's key.
Now that you have a car, you should come visit me more often.
Now that you are single again, how about poker this weekend?
Since you have money, why not get the BMW instead of the Kia?
Since you have a smartphone now, you can chat with me on Facebook any time.
Mary's tattoo reads, "No gods, no masters!"
The number of Facebook members is higher than the U.S. population.
I like to study Spanish.
Don't ask who I am.
Tom is poor and happy.
I saw what you do.
I dislike the tie you have on.
Tom knew that he would be punished.
I don't sleep that much.
The soldiers battled on horses.
My house is close to the sea.
It's beautiful to die for your country.
You should've never done this to me.
Do you think I would leave you here?
I didn't know anybody at the party.
Do you know how to make ice cream?
The damage has already been done.
You should trust your intuition.
Tom is really good at swimming.
I still don't know who Tom is.
How much do you usually drink?
Can you explain what happened?
What did you have for dinner?
Nobody seemed to notice that.
I'm no stranger to suffering.
Have you ever made ice cream?
Can you help me get a refund?
Do you smell rubber burning?
What did you have to drink?
Was that really your fault?
Are you sure you did that?
What does this text mean?
What are the ingredients?
Did you drink in college?
Nobody knew what to do.
How much did you drink?
What were you wearing?
We had a nice weekend.
Who were you texting?
Show me your ID card.
Can you explain this?
Who made dinner?
I kept reading.
I will write to you.
Don't ask who she is.
Don't ask who he is.
People say that Homer was blind.
I speak, you listen.
Tom's father was a very wise person.
There's nobody that wouldn't see that.
I can speak Chinese, but not write it.
I've always enjoyed being with you.
The more we study, the more we know.
Her misery was only for show.
The subject turned out to be fascinating.
I'll be thirsty.
It may be a pity, but it's true.
Please join me in a moment of silence for the dead.
I am not afraid of dying of old age.
Tom says that he didn't do it.
I left a note under the door.
Either Tom's lying or Mary's lying.
I think both Tom and Mary are lying.
Usually Tom can get whatever he wants.
How many home runs has Tom hit?
How many homers has Tom hit?
Today's Tom's 30th birthday.
Today is Tom's thirtieth birthday.
In the center of the village there is a flag.
It wasn't as simple to do as we thought it was going to be.
I enjoy watching Tom dance.
It wasn't as simple as we thought it was going to be.
Where's Tom going to live?
This happened last week in Boston, too.
What's Tom going to think?
Has anybody here ever been to Boston?
Tom should've been in bed.
Getting to Boston took a long time.
Tom said he wanted to die.
We got off to a pretty good start.
Tom said he couldn't walk.
I don't think I'll go to college.
Tom must've changed a lot.
It's great to be here in Boston.
I won't be voting for Tom.
I've had a great time in Boston.
Why did Tom stick around?
I live in Boston with my family.
Tom still has work to do.
I don't think I'll go to Boston.
Tom said he could fix it.
We don't think the job is done.
Tom leaves in a few days.
This is harder than I expected.
Tom isn't ready to do it.
That's what I'm so proud of.
Tom had other work to do.
That's what I'm so proud about.
Tom called Mary for help.
That's really important for me.
I'm expecting Tom to win.
We're going to move to Boston.
I wish Tom the very best.
That really made a difference.
I didn't really miss Tom.
Drawing a crowd won't be hard.
Do you guys remember Tom?
We're going to get this done.
We asked Tom about that.
It's been a really good year.
Tom thinks he knows why.
I knew we were going to win.
Tom is being reasonable.
We have something to share.
Tom had more work to do.
This was a hard job to get.
That doesn't bother Tom.
There are several reasons.
Tom says he's Canadian.
No appointment is needed.
Tom said he's Canadian.
I wasn't really nervous.
Tom said Mary was safe.
How long do dreams last?
Tom knows we trust him.
Here's the way it works.
We knew Tom would win.
I'm not really nervous.
Tom majored in French.
It makes me feel good.
I put Tom on the list.
I remember that night.
Tom owns this place.
It's pretty exciting.
Tom is a bright guy.
We've got one left.
Maybe Tom will help.
It's been exciting.
I know Tom is right.
I'm a good student.
Even Tom lied to us.
I was born in 2013.
Tom had work to do.
I'm a good driver.
I'll vote for Tom.
Has anybody here been to Boston?
Someone should've been able to come up with a better title than that.
I think that Tom should stay.
It's amazing how much work still needs to be done.
I think Tom would be pleased.
This can't be the only option open to us.
I think Tom played very well.
Last year was a pretty tough year for us.
I think Tom just needs a hug.
I've always enjoyed working with kids.
I really hope Tom comes back.
How much work still needs to be done?
I put Tom's name on the list.
I took the wheels off my bicycle.
I met with Tom earlier today.
I love Tom and I always will.
I was in prison for three years.
I just don't want Tom to win.
I didn't plan on this happening.
I joke with Tom all the time.
I hope you brought your guitar.
I don't want to wait for Tom.
I hope you brought an umbrella.
I didn't know that about Tom.
I hope I don't break something.
How much are they paying Tom?
I'm not sure why they do that.
How did Tom get into a fight?
I'd love to have one of those.
How did Tom get in this mess?
I've lived here thirty years.
Have we seen the last of Tom?
I often hear people say that.
Has Tom given you any advice?
I need to go out for a while.
Didn't Tom do that last year?
I hope you brought sunscreen.
Both Tom and Mary look great.
I thoroughly enjoyed myself.
You might just see Tom, too.
I've done this all my life.
You can blame it all on Tom.
I'm sure you can do better.
Why is Tom still popular?
I wonder what Tom is up to?
What's next for you and Tom?
I was three hours too late.
What's Tom's problem anyway?
I have a bit of a headache.
What's Tom going to say now?
I've never been on a boat.
What kind of manager is Tom?
I wonder where Tom is now.
What does this mean for Tom?
I wonder if Tom was lying.
We've already mentioned Tom.
I actually liked it a lot.
We didn't want Tom to leave.
I've never believed that.
We asked Tom about the list.
I've never been outgoing.
Tom's wife left him in 2013.
I've got to get it fixed.
Tom's resources are limited.
I've enjoyed myself here.
Tom's parents were teachers.
I've done the best I can.
Tom's parents were Canadian.
I've always thought that.
Tom's death was preventable.
I'm very happily married.
Tom's comments are accurate.
I'm trying to understand.
Tom's breathing was labored.
I'm trying something new.
Tom's behavior was shameful.
I'm sure I can do better.
Tom's attitude is excellent.
I'm proud of all of them.
Tom's answer was surprising.
I'm not that type of guy.
Tom works in a nursing home.
I'm not that interesting.
Tom won't have to work here.
I'm not really concerned.
Tom will pay for it one day.
I'm not always available.
Tom will never let you down.
I'm making a documentary.
Tom will need to go further.
I'm just being pragmatic.
Tom will look like an idiot.
I'm in a good mood today.
Tom will get it figured out.
I'm in a better mood now.
Tom will do the right thing.
I'm going to be a lawyer.
Tom will do a wonderful job.
Until when will you be home?
How long will you be home?
How long do you plan to stay here?
How long are you planning to stay here?
I don't button their shirts.
We can't live without oxygen.
He advised him not to go there by himself.
I didn't benefit from this exchange.
I could neither eat nor drink.
He invited me to lunch.
I told her to send me another ticket.
Did they find anything odd or suspicious?
Everything you've heard is true.
Please get in touch with me as soon as you get to Boston.
Please get in touch with me as soon as you arrive in Boston.
I'm going to be a farmer.
Tom will be hard to replace.
I'm going to be a doctor.
Tom will be going home soon.
I'm going again tomorrow.
Tom went out on his bicycle.
I'm getting really tired.
Tom wasn't home at the time.
I'm extremely frustrated.
Tom was wearing a seat belt.
I'm disappointed as well.
Tom was surprised to see me.
I'm being totally honest.
Tom was killed in the crash.
I'll be gone for a while.
Tom was in a very good mood.
I'll be glad to show you.
Tom wants to be really good.
I'll be glad to join you.
Tom wants to be a paramedic.
I'd prefer to be at home.
Tom wants me to believe him.
I'd like to be in a band.
Tom wanted to be a minister.
I'd do it all over again.
Tom turned and looked at me.
I work hard for my money.
Tom told me the whole story.
I work hard at what I do.
Tom still has opportunities.
I work hard all the time.
Tom still has a slight limp.
I wonder if we can do it.
Tom still has a few options.
I won't put up with that.
Tom should be proud of this.
I went back to the house.
Tom sees things differently.
I wasn't able to do that.
Tom seems to know his stuff.
I wasn't a very good kid.
Tom seems to be ready to go.
I was having so much fun.
Tom says this can't be fair.
I truly don't understand.
Tom says that's a good sign.
I took a lot of pictures.
Tom said the crowd was huge.
I think we're ready to go.
Tom said it can be repaired.
I think we did very well.
Tom said it belonged to him.
I think we can go faster.
Tom said he's proud of Mary.
I think we can beat them.
Tom said he was ready to go.
I think we all know that.
Tom said he was coming back.
I think that's important.
Tom said he isn't buying it.
I think that's fantastic.
Tom said he cried every day.
I think that's appalling.
Tom said he cried all night.
I think it's a neat idea.
Tom said everyone had a gun.
I think it's a good plan.
Tom once worked at a bakery.
I think about this a lot.
Tom no longer lives with me.
I think I'm here to stay.
Tom must not be left behind.
I take care of my family.
Tom might be getting the ax.
I sure hope it works out.
Tom may not let that happen.
I still have a job to do.
Tom may be in over his head.
I spent all week on this.
Tom maintains his innocence.
I saw something terrible.
Tom loves his wife and kids.
I saw it a long time ago.
Tom looks really good to me.
I really want to do that.
Tom looks like a real freak.
I rarely get to sit down.
Tom looks like a hero to me.
I promised to do my best.
Tom lived on the west coast.
I only stole a few coins.
Tom liked what he was doing.
I never tried to butt in.
Tom left a short time later.
I need to get that fixed.
Tom knows we believe in him.
I need my car for my job.
Tom knows how to run a club.
Tom might be getting fired.
Isn't the weather great?
It is hot.
What is the weather like?
It is wet.
It is sunny.
Isn't the weather bad?
Isn't the weather good?
What are the four seasons of the year?
"July is the eighth month of the year, right?" "No, that would be August, my favorite month."
I live in a house in Truro.
Sorry. I must have dialed the wrong number.
Is it a bad idea to eat cockroaches?
I can't find the keys to my house.
I'm going to the pub.
Is it safe to eat cockroaches?
A man without his language has lost his land.
I just got there as fast as I could.
I just want a little more.
I just want a little more coffee.
I just want a little more sleep.
I just want a little more information.
I just want a little more variety in my life.
Japan is surrounded by the ocean.
I just want a little more excitement in my life.
I just want a little more space.
I just want a little more freedom to make my own decisions.
I just want a little more of that.
Eat when you are hungry.
Sleep when you are tired.
We need to think together about the future of Europe.
The main character dies at the end of the book.
Come visit us tomorrow.
I do not like any kind of sports.
I don't like any kind of sports.
Y'all like white wine?
Do you guys like white wine?
There's something odd about him.
There's something odd about her.
I don't know what I'd do in that situation.
Tom is the captain of the soccer team and is also on the baseball team.
I can speak Chinese, but I can't write it.
Tom isn't the kind of man who would say that kind of thing.
Do you think you'll be here tomorrow?
Tom isn't the kind of man who would do that kind of thing.
Silver doesn't cost as much as gold.
What would've happened if Tom hadn't done that?
I hope they both get what they want.
Have you shown Tom the new book you bought?
Do you know where your children are?
What would've happened if Tom had seen us?
I don't know what I should've done.
Have you read the book Tom bought for you?
I hope to see my parents tomorrow.
What would've happened if Tom had come?
I have to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom is the captain of the soccer team.
I must leave tomorrow morning.
Tom tried to help Mary up the steps.
What have you promised to do?
I hope Tom never gets out of prison.
Silver costs less than gold.
What Tom was doing looked like fun.
What did you promise to do?
I promised to send Tom a letter.
I hope to see you tomorrow.
I promised Tom I'd eat with him.
Don't ask him who he is.
Tom got here before sunrise.
How much do you owe me?
Tom should've been punished.
Did you say yes or no?
Tom knew he'd be punished.
We don't have a pool.
Tom should be warned.
Drink when you are thirsty.
Being thirsty is a subtle sign of dehydration.
So if you're feeling thirsty, it's probably a good idea to drink some water.
Thirst is your body's way of telling you that it's running low on water, which it needs to work well.
Thirst is the feeling of needing to drink something.
Hitchhike with me!
I remember his words.
Speak English with him.
Tom played soccer yesterday.
Tom is a student at the university.
Most of us still aren't eating enough fruit and vegetables.
Fruit and vegetables are a good source of vitamins, minerals and fibre.
Fruit and vegetables should make up over a third of the food we eat each day.
Eating smaller portions from smaller plates can help you eat less while not feeling hungry any quicker.
Stop eating high-calorie foods and swap them for a healthy, balanced alternative.
It is our reaction to hunger that can make us overeat or eat the wrong things.
Food is like a drug, and the same areas of the brain are activated by food as by drug addiction.
Hunger is caused by the brain reading changes in the levels of hormones and nutrients in the blood.
Hunger is our bodies' response to having eaten less than normal.
Hunger is a very powerful human instinct which can compel us to extremes of behaviour.
Hunger is our bodies' way of driving us to find food and eat to stay alive.
I just want a little more relaxation.
I want you to have more relaxation in your life.
Bruno's dog balances on a bodyboard to retrieve his ball in a pool.
There is no aspect of relaxation more important than breathing.
When energy is waning mid-afternoon, it’s pretty incredible how a little deep breathing and muscle movement can completely re-invent your mood.
Controlled breathing not only keeps the mind and body functioning at their best, it can also lower blood pressure, promote feelings of calm and relaxation and help us de-stress.
The simplification of life is one of the steps to inner peace.
If your life is overfilled with stuff you may need to set some limits.
The daily life can be busy, hectic and sometimes overwhelming.
Tom can't read music.
Tom can't read music, so he plays the piano by ear.
I'd rather lose an argument to you than lose you to an argument.
Spicy food makes me hiccup.
Why do I get hiccups every time I eat spicy food?
Why does spicy food make you hiccup?
Sorry. I must've dialed the wrong number.
Tom said he'd always love Mary.
Many people underestimate the importance of food for health and well-being.
Many people underestimate the importance of water to the body.
Many people do not realize, and often underestimate, the importance of good health.
I love you all very much.
Tom knows how to make money.
I love to paint and draw.
Tom knows how to fix things.
I love the way you write.
Tom knew he had a job to do.
I love pets of all kinds.
Tom knew absolutely nothing.
I love all of my classes.
Tom just wants to make sure.
I like to keep it simple.
Tom isn't quite ready to go.
I know that we can do it.
Tom isn't going to leave us.
I know it's a crazy idea.
Tom is someone I look up to.
I know I can rely on you.
Tom didn't want me to leave.
I know I can make the team.
I don't want to support Tom.
I knew we had to do this.
How much are you paying Tom?
I knew I wanted to do it.
How did Tom become the boss?
I knew I could win today.
Both Tom and Mary are dying.
I just wanted to go home.
You can never count on Tom.
I just want to stay here.
Tom will be at work Monday.
I just want to do my job.
Tom was very proud of that.
I just tried to have fun.
Tom told Mary he was tired.
I just knew I had to try.
Tom seems to agree with us.
I just don't think I can.
Tom said he's feeling fine.
I hope you brought a fan.
Tom needs to get some help.
I hope they can see that.
Tom looks as if he's angry.
I hope they all have fun.
Tom just called you a liar.
I hope that's everything.
Tom is pretty good at golf.
I'm not the only one who has noticed.
Tendons and ligaments are more fragile than you might think.
You are two years younger than me.
I shouldn't have told you this.
She's just jealous.
He's just jealous.
Tom shifted his hat.
Tom put Mary in a headlock.
They are not married.
They're not married.
What were you doing at the time of his death?
What were you doing at the time of her death?
Isn't the weather lovely?
Tom is the chief compliance officer.
Let's go shopping!
Tom was put into a chokehold that he couldn't escape, so he tapped out.
I hope it isn't that bad.
Tom is partially paralyzed.
I hope I didn't hurt you.
Tom is a very good painter.
I heard a noise up there.
Not even Tom would do that.
I have to make it happen.
I think Tom is a great guy.
I watch TV all the time.
I think Tom has lied to us.
I use this all the time.
I love the way Tom thinks.
I swam toward the shore.
I know that Tom was right.
I promise to do my best.
I know that Tom loves you.
I planned on doing that.
I know Tom will be missed.
I need a new toothbrush.
Tom knows we believe him.
I knew we could do this.
I was very happy for Tom.
I hope they work it out.
I was unable to save Tom.
I signed that petition.
I told Tom to just relax.
I'd like to go faster.
I told Tom about my past.
I tried to do my best.
I told Tom I forgave him.
I miss my mom and dad.
I talked to Tom about it.
I'd like to know why.
I speak to Tom every day.
I need to save money.
I really need to see Tom.
I'm very happy here.
I never said that to Tom.
I wrote it all down.
I made Tom buy it for me.
I made a wrong turn.
I let Tom work on my car.
I heard a loud bang.
I hope they kick Tom out.
I love that picture.
I was hoping to see Tom.
I need the work.
I just miss Tom so much.
I love to write.
I told Tom to relax.
I like old cars.
I misunderstood Tom.
Tom was killed by a drunk driver.
The telephone is red.
Tom likes to watch sports on television.
Stop playing the fool.
Could you prop up this mirror against that wall for me?
The 7th day of the week is Saturday.
I wasn't in the office then, so I don't know what happened.
It doesn't matter whether the cat is white or black; the important thing is that it can catch mice.
You shouldn't judge others by how they look.
He had enough stamina to run a marathon.
He had enough endurance to run a marathon.
Do you think your feeling of malaise is related to your job?
We didn't have a lot of money growing up.
Why are you dissatisfied with your life?
Tom and Mary have a house in the Hamptons.
Why are you not satisfied?
Tom is a hedge fund manager.
Tom drove his golf cart into a sand trap.
Tom stole money from his roommate.
Watch what everyone does and do the opposite.
Horses can sense fear.
Mary is a horse trainer.
Horses are easily spooked.
Tom has spiky hair.
Tom later changed his mind.
Mary later changed her mind.
If you had a time machine, when would you go to?
Tom lives in the middle of nowhere.
Americans call football soccer.
Europeans call soccer football.
I already saw him.
It's a thing women already know.
I'm no longer a man, but a monster!
Tom threw up before the concert because he was so nervous.
Mary threw up before the play because she was so nervous.
Tom was a big inspiration for me.
Tom clicked his tongue.
Tom learned to play Für Elise on the piano.
Für Elise is one of the first pieces that I learned to play on the piano.
Beethoven gradually lost his hearing.
Learning to play a musical instrument requires thousands of hours of practice.
Her fingers danced over the keyboard.
Tom is a piano tuner.
Mary wore a silver locket in the shape of a heart.
Mary wore a heart-shaped locket.
Mary put the silver locket around her neck.
Mary fastened the locket around her neck.
Tom walked backwards, retracing his steps.
His lips brushed against mine.
He kissed me softly on the lips.
She thanked me for the compliment.
Your hair is so pretty.
I shudder at the thought.
I shudder at the thought of what might happen.
The thought makes me shudder.
It's an honor to make your acquaintance.
Tom's car is on fire.
Tom is the leader of the race.
The doors lock automatically.
They're stealing your car!
I made the trip for nothing.
The way he looked at me gave me a bad feeling.
We need to wind this up and go home.
Lions surrounded Tom on all sides.
It's everywhere.
I can't be everywhere.
No one can be everywhere.
Tom is a dead man walking.
Tom's dog likes to be vacuumed.
Mary doesn't buy bread.
She'll start over again.
He was adopted.
Did Tom see it?
Did Tom know it?
He's progressing.
Why do they hate each other so much?
Tom said he and his friends were planning to go camping next weekend.
I bought this umbrella three years ago.
The longer you wait to tell Tom, the harder it's going to be.
I'm really happy I came here with you.
I know it would be useless to try to convince Tom to do that.
I think doing that would be dangerous.
Tom said he couldn't leave without saying goodbye to Mary.
I knew what you were doing last night.
I doubt seriously that it was Tom who broke the window.
I don't think this is such a big deal.
I can't believe Tom and Mary used to date each other.
I don't know any other way to do this.
Tom's younger brother is dating Mary's older sister.
I'm not the only one who can do this.
Tom told Mary that she didn't have to wait for him.
I think your new song is pretty good.
Tom said he planned to go to the meeting on Monday.
I really wanted to go back to Boston.
I didn't know that Tom was the one who did that.
I met a lot of nice people in Boston.
Tom told me I was the one he wanted to talk to.
I haven't been to Boston for a while.
Tom is only interested in selling his own book.
I'd like to apply for that position.
I'm the guy who convinced Tom to join our team.
I couldn't stay even if I wanted to.
I didn't know that Tom didn't know how to swim.
I could never do that kind of thing.
Tom told Mary that she didn't need to do that.
You're three years younger than me.
Tom thought what Mary was carrying was a bomb.
I've got to go to Boston next week.
I still think it's unlikely that Tom will win.
I'm supposed to be at school today.
I have a pretty good idea where Tom might be.
I'd like to leave the windows open.
Tom seems to be in a really good mood today.
I really don't want you to do that.
Tom said Mary was the one who told him that.
I really don't think I can do that.
None of Tom's relatives came to his funeral.
I knew we were going to be friends.
I've always enjoyed playing tennis with Tom.
I hope you're not making a mistake.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to do that.
I don't think that was the problem.
I told Tom I couldn't play tennis with him.
I like to get things done on time.
I think we should hire Tom instead of Mary.
I knew what was in the other room.
What much of the world calls football is called soccer in America.
This song is both sad and beautiful.
This song is sad and beautiful.
This song is beautiful and sad.
Wasn't that beautiful?
I didn't say anything to anyone.
I don't know why they hate each other so much.
It only happened a few times.
Let's try it one more time.
She warned me to stay away from him.
I warned her to stay away from him.
I warned Tom to stay away from Mary.
Mary's father warned Tom to stay away from his daughter.
Everyone does what he can.
Be happy and smile!
The journey is more important than the destination.
The journey matters more than the destination.
Life is a journey, not a destination.
One's destination is never a place but rather a new way of looking at things.
Twins often are very similar.
He's annoyed because she always gets there late.
That's the most important thing I've learned from you.
I have blonde hair.
Tom will turn thirty on October twentieth.
I don't know why it should matter.
Tom was the one who came up with the idea.
I don't have any plans to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't kiss Mary.
I didn't like doing this at first.
I doubt seriously it was Tom who did this.
I'm too tired to do anything now.
I didn't know that Tom didn't know French.
I'll be happy to do that for you.
Tom grabbed the rope with his right hand.
I wish I had had my seat belt on.
I was just doing what Tom asked me to do.
I think I should stop doing this.
You should give Tom and Mary more to do.
I hope I've done the right thing.
There are no girls in our class.
Tom says he didn't want anything to eat.
I've already started doing that.
Tom said he intends to keep his old car.
I'd like to know more about you.
Tom no longer has the energy to compete.
I think that would be fun to do.
Tom and his wife both grew up in Boston.
I like to get things done early.
I'm pretty sure it was Tom who did this.
I feel like I'm wasting my time.
I'm not the only one here who knows Tom.
I feel a whole lot better today.
I see Tom almost every day after school.
I feel I'm wasting my time here.
Tom turned thirty on October twentieth.
I didn't know my leg was broken.
Tom said he thought Mary was in Boston.
I did what I was expected to do.
Tom is stronger than anybody else here.
How will you be paying for this?
I wasn't able to answer Tom's question.
I'm glad I'm still living here.
I always enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I wonder who wrote this report.
Do you think Tom will be here tomorrow?
I wonder who wrote this letter.
Tom was killed in a drive-by shooting.
I don't wear shoes in my house.
Tom told his wife he had to work late.
I didn't say I was from Boston.
Tom talked Mary into quitting her job.
I've got lots of friends here.
Why are you asking my opinion?
You're the one who accused me.
The thing speaks for itself.
Tom asked me for an opinion.
The gates are open.
I built this house; you destroyed it.
What's wrong with the world?
Tom asked me for my opinion.
Let's try and do it the right way.
Tom is one of more than 3,inmates on death row.
Tom seems to be in a really good mood.
I think this is a good choice.
Tom said he was unsure of how to vote.
I really wish I could do more.
Isn't Tom supposed to be good at this?
I really want you to be happy.
I'm pretty sure it was Tom that I saw.
I really don't want you to go.
I was going to wait till Tom got here.
I hope things get better soon.
I think we should do more to help Tom.
I don't know how much it cost.
Tom worked with Mary on that project.
I didn't say I would help you.
Tom must love his children very much.
I didn't have my seat belt on.
Tom grabbed the rope with both hands.
I bought this three years ago.
I really want Tom to stop doing that.
I'm happy with what I've got.
I know some of you think Tom is lazy.
I wonder who wrote this note.
I did exactly what Tom told me to do.
I still don't feel very well.
You're worse than both Tom and Mary.
I know I'll be able to do it.
You're three years younger than Tom.
I knew we were going to lose.
You can't blame this problem on Tom.
I found this note on my door.
Tom said he'd be willing to do this.
I expect to win today's race.
Tom runs three or four miles a day.
I don't care how old you are.
Tom is approximately six feet tall.
I didn't know how to do that.
Tom grabbed the rope with one hand.
I can't stay here any longer.
Nobody can do this better than Tom.
I've been tense all morning.
Is it next Monday that Tom returns?
I'm really happy I did that.
I think Tom and Mary are Canadians.
I'm not going to allow that.
I know that Tom can't speak French.
I'm confident I can do that.
I found a note on my door from Tom.
I wasn't able to rent a car.
I don't know what Tom said to Mary.
I think many people do that.
They are unbearable memories.
You know what Tom said, don't you?
You have no way to verify it.
I have still got a few minutes.
You've got nothing to complain about.
Complaining about something doesn't change anything.
I gotta figure out what I'm doing wrong.
I need to figure out what I'm doing wrong.
I've got to figure out what I'm doing wrong.
Don't walk on my lawn!
The odour was disagreeable.
You must respect and see to it that others respect the lawns!
They stop doing their homework.
Don't forget the accusative!
Do not forget the accusative!
We can still learn a lot from Tom.
I said this a long time ago.
Tom will never be able to do that.
I might never see you again.
I have to do the best I can.
Tom knew exactly who that guy was.
I have some noisy neighbors.
Tom is going to be back here soon.
I have no idea what this is.
I have a job that pays well.
Isn't Tom supposed to be the boss?
I enjoyed my time in Boston.
Is Tom too young to play baseball?
This is a really good team.
I think Tom looks a lot like John.
I'm trying to imagine that.
I don't really know Tom very well.
I'm in a hurry to get home.
I didn't know Tom was coming back.
I'm getting pretty thirsty.
I asked Tom to play a song for me.
I was very proud of my son.
Tom won't be ready until October.
I was sore for three weeks.
Tom thanked everyone for waiting.
I think we'll be all right.
Tom says he's been asked to help.
I think we had a good year.
Tom said he's willing to do this.
I think we could beat them.
Tom pays Mary to clean his house.
I think we can pull it off.
Tom lived alone in a small cabin.
I think that's a good sign.
Tom is the only boy in his class.
I think that would be good.
Tom has been gone for a few days.
I think that would be fine.
Tom has a friend who's in prison.
I think that would be cool.
I think that this is right.
This was designed by Tom Jackson.
I think I'm fine right now.
I like the way Tom makes me feel.
I said what had to be said.
Tom's parents are John and Mary.
I really want to do better.
I took the wheels off of my bicycle.
Boycott Facebook.
I want you to make a decision.
Shouldn't we be friends?
Esperanto is very useful.
You are not perfect.
Blood flowed from his wound.
Blood trickled from his wound.
She can speak and write in French.
You are jealous.
Do you want to be my girlfriend? □ Yes. □ No. □ Maybe.
Pleasure in and of itself isn't bad, but some pleasures bring more pain than pleasure.
Do you know what Tom's surname is?
There was almost no one who believed her.
You're standing in the way.
Unlike her older sister, the younger sister is the quieter type.
Daydreaming and twiddling his thumbs, Tom sat on the wall while Maria toiled in the garden.
I do not want you to worry!
Tom will turn thirty in October.
I really meant what I said.
Tom told Mary she was beautiful.
I promise I won't bite you.
Tom is the best coach in Boston.
I now know this isn't true.
I thought Tom was Mary's father.
I must get back to my work.
I think that guy looks like Tom.
I met a lot of nice people.
I think Tom is too old for Mary.
I love your sense of humor.
I spent time with Tom in Boston.
I love what I'm doing here.
I really hope Tom is happy here.
I lose things all the time.
I never thought Tom would do it.
I like to be around people.
I know that Tom works very hard.
I know what I've got to do.
I don't think Tom would do this.
I know they're a good team.
I don't think Tom would deny it.
I know how lucky I've been.
I didn't know Tom was a teacher.
I know I can be successful.
Will Tom stay or will he leave?
I knew what you were up to.
Tom's wife left him in October.
I knew what was back there.
Tom thinks he knows what to do.
I knew we would be friends.
Tom says he has never met Mary.
I knew there was a problem.
Tom owns a home on Park Street.
I hope everyone will be OK.
Tom might not need Mary's help.
I hope I'm wrong about you.
Tom lived in Boston until 2013.
I haven't had any time off.
Tom lived here for three years.
I have to think about that.
Tom knew almost everyone there.
I have no reason to resign.
Tom is exactly three weeks old.
I have no plans to buy one.
Tom has never served on a jury.
I have no idea where to go.
Tom has already been convicted.
I have no food in my house.
You're standing in my way.
I must get back to work.
I said that a long time ago.
The search continues.
Using the taps is worth it and releasing the vents is not.
I'm handing out the drinks.
How one can let themselves go in such a way, is unfathomable.
I suggest paying for these additions.
I must sell my farm to pay off my debts.
The steam train abruptly stopped.
Love comes slowly and gradually to some, it abruptly surprises others like an arrow.
Even when one looks carefully, they see nothing.
Will I have to move?
I never dance sober.
The people elected Tom president.
Go ahead, Mary.
Tom is in a safe place.
You still can't stand her, can you?
Mary sleeps a lot.
Don't be a slave to money.
Have you slept at all?
Excess water went down the drain to the sewage.
The dirty water from the pool was drained, and replaced with clean water.
The war is draining our economy.
Tom did what needed to be done.
I have no clue who you are.
Tell Tom what you just told me.
I have my own chores to do.
Nobody does it better than Tom.
I have a reason to be here.
I still think Tom will help us.
I have a brother in Boston.
I put it somewhere but I don't know where.
I hope Tom won't frighten Mary.
I hate getting my hair cut.
I feel sorry for Tom's parents.
I had no problem with that.
I didn't expect Tom to help us.
I guess we can manage that.
I didn't expect Tom to do that.
I guess that's a good thing.
I didn't expect Tom to be here.
I grew up without a father.
I asked Tom to let the dog out.
I got a good night's sleep.
I asked Tom a lot of questions.
I feel like I can't say no.
You can't blame it all on Tom.
I feel I'm wasting my time.
Where's Tom going to live now?
I feel I must do something.
What's Tom going to think now?
I explained my predicament.
What does Tom expect from you?
I enjoy being with my kids.
Tom will be thirty in October.
I don't want it that badly.
Tom will be at work on Monday.
I don't think they need me.
Tom was John's best man.
I don't think it's too bad.
Tom wants to do the job right.
I don't think it's a trend.
Tom said this belonged to him.
I don't think I need to go.
Tom looked as if he was angry.
I don't really go out much.
Tom is one of Mary's children.
I don't like you very much.
Tom is an assistant professor.
I don't know what I can do.
Tom is a year older than Mary.
I don't know that for sure.
Tom has done everything right.
I don't have time to do it.
The situation hasn't improved at all.
A 2-year-old boy was eaten by an alligator near the Grand Floridian Resort at Walt Disney World.
You have to try one of my cupcakes.
Let's give Tom another round of applause.
Mary is an outstanding businesswoman.
First of all, our hearts go out to the families of those who have been killed. Our prayers go to those who have been wounded. This is a devastating attack on all Americans. It is one that is particularly painful for the people of Orlando, but I think we all recognize that this could have happened anywhere in this country. And we feel enormous solidarity and grief on behalf of the families that have been affected.
Regardless of race, religion, faith or sexual orientation, we’re all Americans, and we need to be looking after each other and protecting each other at all times in the face of this kind of terrible act.
We also have to make sure that it is not easy for somebody who decides they want to harm people in this country to be able to obtain weapons to get at them.
My final point is just to extend our deepest sympathies to the families of those who were affected and to send our prayers to those who are surviving and are in hospitals right now, and their family members hoping that they get better very soon.
As I’ve said before, these lone actors or small cells of terrorists are very hard to detect and very hard to prevent. But across our government, at every level -- federal, state and local, military and civilian -- we are doing everything in our power to stop these kinds of attacks.
In all of our efforts, foremost in our minds is the loss and the grief of the people of Orlando—those who died, those who are still recovering, the families who have seen their loved ones harmed, the friends of ours who are lesbian and gay and bisexual and transgender who were targeted. I want to remind them that they are not alone. The American people, and our allies and friends all over the world, stand with you and are thinking about you, and are praying for you.
One of my first acts as President was to establish the White House Council on Women and Girls.
I want to thank all of you who worked so hard to make this event happen.
It was almost years ago that Alice Paul and her fellow suffragists were arrested for picketing outside the White House for the right to vote. Today, women make up more than half of the electorate. For the first time in history, a woman is a major party’s presumptive presidential nominee.
The year I was born, in 1961, women made up less than percent of college students. Today, you earn almost percent of college degrees, make up roughly half of the workforce. Back then, the pill was still illegal in some states. And today, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, birth control is free. In the old days, women actually needed a husband to open a credit card. Today, more women are choosing to be single—and all Americans are able to marry whoever they love.
Fifty-four years ago, Katherine Johnson did the behind-the-scenes math to put a man in orbit. Today, almost women have blasted into space themselves.
When I was growing up, fewer than 300,girls played high school sports. Today, because of Title IX, more than million girls are on the field.
Women are leading America at every level of society, from Hollywood to Silicon Valley, from the c-suite to the federal bench to the Federal Reserve.
Our progress has been the result of countless ordinary women and men whose names will never be written into the history books or chiseled on monuments, but who dedicated their lives to ensuring that America lives up to its promise of liberty and justice for all.
There is an important reason that so many working families feel like the system is rigged, and it’s because the economy hasn’t caught up to some of the enormous changes that have transformed America over the past years. Those days when the average family was a dad who went to work every day and a mom who stayed at home and did all the unpaid labor -- that’s not what our economy looks like anymore. Household and work arrangements come in all shapes and all combinations, and yet, our workplace policies still look like they’re straight out of Mad Men.
I will tell you, a lot of the problems that cross my desk are really hard to solve. If they end up on my desk, it’s because other people couldn’t solve them.
We need equal pay for equal work.
We need paid family and sick leave.
We need affordable child care. We’ve got to raise the minimum wage.
If we’re truly a nation of family values, we wouldn’t put up with the fact that many women can’t even get a paid day off to give birth.
We should guarantee paid maternity leave and paid paternity leave, too. That’s how you value families.
We’ve got to retool our system so that modern families and modern businesses can thrive. And let me be clear, this is not about big government, or expanding some fictional welfare-and-food-stamp state, the percent mooching off the government. It is accounting for the realities of how people live now, today -- the necessities of a 21st century economy.
When we had a cooperative Congress, we got a whole lot more done. So far, a lot of Republicans in Congress have been unwilling to act on these agenda items that I just mentioned.
The first bill I signed into law was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.
We passed the Affordable Care Act to give more Americans the security of health care coverage so that not only people without health insurance could finally get it, but people who had health insurance were treated fairly, so that, for example, no insurer could charge you more just for being a woman.
I don't know why they charge so much.
We try to set a good example providing my staff with weeks of paid parental leave.
And by the way, we’ve been having a lot of babies -- I’ve noticed -- in the White House. Which I’m happy about -- I love babies. They bring them into the Oval Office and they make me feel good.
I know I’m preaching to the choir here, but we’re still boxed in by stereotypes about how men and women should behave.
As the great Shirley Chisholm once said, “The emotional, sexual, and psychological stereotyping of females begin when the doctor says, ‘It’s a girl.’” And that has consequences for all of us, whether we’re men or women, black, white, gay, straight, transgender or otherwise.
We need to keep changing the attitude that raises our girls to be demure, and our boys to be assertive; that criticizes our daughters for speaking out, and our sons for shedding a tear.
We need to change the attitude that punishes women for their sexuality but gives men a pat on the back for theirs.
We need to change an Internet where women are routinely harassed and threatened when they go online.
We need to keep changing the attitude that prioritizes being confident, competitive, and ambitious in the workplace—unless you’re a woman.
We need to keep changing a culture that shines a particularly unforgiving light on women and girls of color. About how they look, about how they feel, about what they should or should not do.
So we’ve been working to change these stereotypes. That’s why we’re encouraging more girls to pursue their love for science, and technology, and engineering, and math.
It’s why we’ve launched a movement of women and men to fight campus sexual assault -- because it’s on all of us to stop it.
As Commander-in-Chief, I’ve seen how the ideology that leads Boko Haram to kidnap schoolgirls, and leads ISIL to enslave and rape women is the same ideology that leads to instability, and violence, and terrorism.
I’ve made advancing gender equality a foreign policy priority.
We’ve implemented a comprehensive strategy to end gender-based violence around the world, from prevention, to treating survivors, to bringing perpetrators to justice. And we’re helping to remove barriers that prevent women from participating fully in their societies.
We’re empowering the next generation of women by investing in adolescent girls and advancing the Let Girls Learn initiative to get million girls into schools.
This is the future that we’re building, one where all of us here at home and around the world are free to live out our dreams. Where our children’s aspirations aren’t segregated into pink and blue. Where working families don’t have to choose between taking care of a loved one and earning a paycheck. Where women and girls, no matter where they live, are free from fear of violence -- including gun violence.
We admire the men who shaped our country, and rightfully so, the men we see as heroes -- from Alexander Hamilton to Muhammad Ali -- for their confidence and their courage in believing they could change our nation, this idea of self-creation, that there’s nothing holding us back. In them, we see America itself, constantly reinventing itself, fearless, looking out over the horizon at the next frontier.
We need all our young people to know that Clara Barton and Lucretia Mott and Sojourner Truth and Eleanor Roosevelt and Dorothy Height, those aren’t just for Women’s History Month. They’re the authors of our history, women who shaped their destiny.
A woman did not magically appear on a space shuttle. It took Sally Ride’s relentless commitment, Mae Jemison’s boundless courage to shatter that glass ceiling.
Rosa Parks wasn't simply a tired seamstress who sat down by accident. She was a civil rights leader with the eye of a strategist and the heart of a warrior.
Together, we can build a world that’s more just and more prosperous and more free. That’s a job for all of us.
God bless you. God bless the United States of America.
Today, as Americans, we grieve the brutal murder -- a horrific massacre -- of dozens of innocent people. We pray for their families, who are grasping for answers with broken hearts.
We also express our profound gratitude to all the police and first responders who rushed into harm’s way. Their courage and professionalism saved lives, and kept the carnage from being even worse.
This is an especially heartbreaking day for all our friends -- our fellow Americans -- who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender.
This is a sobering reminder that attacks on any American—regardless of race, ethnicity, religion or sexual orientation—is an attack on all of us and on the fundamental values of equality and dignity that define us as a country.
No act of hate or terror will ever change who we are or the values that make us Americans.
Today marks the most deadly shooting in American history. The shooter was apparently armed with a handgun and a powerful assault rifle. This massacre is therefore a further reminder of how easy it is for someone to get their hands on a weapon that lets them shoot people in a school, or in a house of worship, or a movie theater, or in a nightclub. And we have to decide if that’s the kind of country we want to be. And to actively do nothing is a decision as well.
Say a prayer for them and say a prayer for their families—that God give them the strength to bear the unbearable. And that He give us all the strength to be there for them, and the strength and courage to change.
As we go together, we will draw inspiration from heroic and selfless acts -- friends who helped friends, took care of each other and saved lives. In the face of hate and violence, we will love one another. We will not give in to fear or turn against each other. Instead, we will stand united, as Americans, to protect our people, and defend our nation, and to take action against those who threaten us.
May God bless the Americans we lost this morning. May He comfort their families. May God continue to watch over this country that we love.
Tom has been very influential.
I don't doubt that one bit.
Tom has been like a dad to me.
I don't care what it takes.
Tom has won three races in a row.
I don't buy a lot of candy.
Is Tom the right man for Mary?
I didn't think I'd be back.
I'm sure we can depend on Tom.
I didn't show it to anyone.
I'm not comparing Tom to Mary.
I didn't mean to tempt you.
I suppose Tom will have to go.
I did what I could for you.
I saw Tom's name on that list.
I did none of those things.
I don't think Tom kissed Mary.
I could never be like that.
I don't think Tom helped Mary.
I can finally die in peace.
I didn't know Tom was unhappy.
I can afford good food now.
I didn't know Tom was injured.
I believe that I can do it.
Has Tom already made an offer?
I asked you to wait for me.
Tom's parents have separated.
I asked a lot of questions.
Tom will leave in a few days.
I appreciate your comments.
Tom will be ready in October.
I've told you this before.
Tom wanted to learn to read.
I've saved a lot of money.
Tom spoke to Mary last night.
I've never enjoyed flying.
Tom seems like a happy child.
I've got to win this race.
Tom said he wouldn't do that.
I've got to get some milk.
Tom reminds me a lot of John.
I've got a wife and child.
Tom looked as if he was sick.
I'm working on a new book.
Tom is trying to do his best.
I'm very sorry I did that.
Tom is the one with red hair.
I'm too tired to work out.
Tom is the new man in charge.
I'm taking this seriously.
He explained to me how to operate the machine.
How will he repay his debts?
He's not allowed to go there.
She turned round and scowled at me.
The boy's father entered the water and tried in vain to grab him from the alligator's jaws.
Can you tell an alligator from a crocodile?
Keep calm and be mature!
Can you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile?
I think your answer is accurate.
I'm sick of always hearing the same thing.
Correct any errors.
A ship in the harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
Watch your thoughts, for they become words. Watch your words, for they become actions. Watch your actions, for they become habits. Watch your habits, for they become character. Watch your character, for it becomes your destiny.
Be careful of your thoughts, for your thoughts become your words. Be careful of your words, for your words become your actions. Be careful of your actions, for your actions become your habits. Be careful of your habits, for your habits become your character. Be careful of your character, for your character becomes your destiny.
We are bedridden with fever.
The lemons are cheap.
The cucumber is bitter? Then throw it away!
The train arrived right on time.
He saved the boy from drowning.
One's preferences do not determine what's true.
I have exactly the same dictionary.
I wanted to be a teacher.
I'm a good Christian.
The prisoner escaped from jail.
He has four children to feed.
Nothing is as terrible as an earthquake.
He came back a few years later.
Next week, I'm going to New York.
Tom was promoted to a colonel.
That cloth is made from cotton.
He ate breakfast by himself.
That boy runs very fast.
He gave the dog a piece of meat.
They gave different explanations for the accident.
Tom is still legally married.
I'm supposed to be in bed.
Tom is one of Mary's friends.
I'm really happy I did it.
Tom is married with children.
I'm ready to go back home.
Tom is around here somewhere.
I'm not very disappointed.
Tom is an exceptional person.
I'm not that disappointed.
Tom is a very good French speaker.
I'm not sure if I'm right.
Tom did what he needed to do.
I'm not over the hill yet.
Maybe Tom will give me a job.
I'm not one to sit around.
Maybe Tom and Mary will help.
I'm not going to buy that.
It's time for Tom to wake up.
I'm not going to allow it.
Is Tom getting enough to eat?
I'm not being unrealistic.
Is Tom asking too much of us?
I'm kind of mad at myself.
If I could help Tom, I would.
I'm just happy to be here.
I'm so glad that Tom is gone.
I'm in a rush to get home.
I'm so glad Tom won the race.
I'm in a really good mood.
I'm going to let Tom respond.
I'm going to vote for you.
I'm glad to see that Tom won.
I'm going to do it myself.
I'm avoiding Tom from now on.
I'm going back to bed now.
I'll make sure Tom does that.
I'm glad I found this out.
I'd rather hang out with Tom.
I'm getting pretty sleepy.
I wish Tom would do the same.
I'm getting pretty hungry.
I went to see Tom last night.
I'm confident I can do it.
I understand how good Tom is.
I'm a very private person.
I told Tom to leave it alone.
I'll ride my bike to work.
I thanked Tom for his advice.
I'll let you guys do that.
Tom saved Mary from drowning.
What a funny little animal!
Mary and I are well.
No one dances sober.
Tom sleeps a lot.
Tom sure does sleep a lot, doesn't he?
Tom sure does sleep a lot.
Who built this building?
You are the one who warned me.
Go ahead, Tom.
Tom and I are well.
I promised that I would send him a letter.
The roaring lion terrified the boy.
What did you promise that you would do?
I don't think Tom is a loser.
I'll just have to risk it.
I don't know why Tom is late.
I'll have to try it again.
I advised Tom not to do that.
I'll be happy to help you.
What floor does Tom live on?
I'd love to hear from you.
What does Tom do on Mondays?
I'd like to hear from you.
Tom won't go back to Boston.
I'd like to forget it all.
Tom watched a lot of movies.
I would do the same thing.
Tom told Mary she was wrong.
I wonder who was at fault.
Tom told Mary he'd help her.
I wonder who he really is.
Tom slept in the guest room.
I wasn't about to do that.
Tom said he could handle it.
I was shaking like a leaf.
Tom said Mary told him that.
I was one of the skeptics.
Tom has helped me out a lot.
I was on my best behavior.
I'm sorry that Tom got hurt.
I was in a bit of a hurry.
I told Tom that wasn't true.
I was able to do it today.
I think Tom was lying to me.
I was a little bit scared.
I think Tom is a good coach.
I told you it wasn't over.
I don't think Tom shot Mary.
I think it's no big deal.
I don't know what Tom wants.
I think we're a good team.
I don't know how Tom did it.
I think we should do more.
I didn't know Tom was dying.
I think we did a good job.
I agree with what Tom wrote.
I think we can avoid that.
What did Tom shout at Mary?
I think this is very rare.
We know you lied about Tom.
I think the pay is enough.
Tom won't be wearing a tie.
I think the answer is yes.
Tom has hardly any close friends.
I burnt my fingers on the hob this morning.
We were told this would happen.
Tom won three races in a row.
In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker; concerning houses, canals, or railroads, I consult that of the architect or engineer.
The liberty of man consists solely in this: that he obeys natural laws because he has himself recognized them as such, and not because they have been externally imposed upon him by any extrinsic will whatsoever, divine or human, collective or individual.
They say in a single breath: "God and the liberty of man," "God and the dignity, justice, equality, fraternity, prosperity of men" — regardless of the fatal logic by virtue of which, if God exists, all these things are condemned to non-existence.
I shut the door so that they couldn't hear us.
You should remarry.
Tom has pictures of squirrels hanging on the walls of his office.
He has hired a private detective.
Sometimes, I feel like a hamster racing on a wheel.
I feel like a hamster on a wheel.
Sometimes, I feel like a hamster running on a wheel.
Mary laughed a little.
Tom told Mary he'd be back.
I think that's undeniable.
Tom is now married to Mary.
I think it's a good thing.
Tom is looking really good.
I think it's a good start.
Tom is clearly an optimist.
I think it would be funny.
That decision is up to Tom.
I think it all ended well.
Mary isn't that attractive.
I think I did really well.
It's nice to have Tom back.
I think I did pretty well.
Is Tom lying about his age?
I think I deserve a raise.
I'm sorry that Tom is sick.
I still try to be careful.
I'm happy that Tom is here.
I still have to work hard.
I'm happy for Tom and Mary.
I still feel really tired.
I'm glad Tom is doing that.
I still don't have a plan.
I wonder if Tom knows that.
I still can't work it out.
I think Tom got a raw deal.
I simply don't understand.
I think Tom did a fine job.
I see where this is going.
I think Tom could be right.
I said I still don't know.
I still think Tom will win.
I really wanted to see it.
I stay in contact with Tom.
I really want to be happy.
I see Tom almost every day.
I never did figure it out.
I saw that Tom was smiling.
I never called you a liar.
I saw that Tom was serious.
I needed to go for a ride.
I really hope Tom is right.
I needed to get out there.
I know that Tom isn't dead.
I need to follow my heart.
I know that I can beat Tom.
I mean that in a good way.
I knew Tom was coming back.
I may never see you again.
She reads a newspaper every morning.
They have devised a cure for this illness.
She cut the tomatoes into thin slices.
The entire bathroom was stainless steel.
Tom laughed a little.
It must be acknowledged Tom is the smartest among us.
I was looking for Andy. You don't know where he is?
Tom was home-schooled.
The lack of gender-specific words for "cousin" in English is an example of a lexical gap.
They will come look for Tom after school.
Apparently, he's still alive.
Why do you consider that event important?
Tom is two years older than I am.
You're the boss here.
I'm looking for Tom. Do you know where he is?
I'm looking for Tom. You don't know where he is, do you?
I have no problem with Tom.
I like to help my friends.
I don't like Tom very much.
I like to get things done.
I don't know where Tom was.
I like that type of stuff.
I don't know what Tom said.
I like that kind of thing.
I don't know what Tom does.
I like that kind of stuff.
I didn't see Tom on Monday.
I know what we need to do.
I bet Tom knows the lyrics.
I know it's going to hurt.
How does Tom know all this?
I know it can't be helped.
For once, I agree with Tom.
I know I don't deserve it.
Why are we voting for Tom?
I knew my time would come.
Tom's idea wasn't adopted.
I knew my stuff was there.
Tom's father died in 2013.
I knew I was going to win.
Tom's clothes were shabby.
I knew I had to move fast.
Tom's choices are limited.
I just want to be healthy.
Tom's attitude is awesome.
I just hope it's not true.
Tom wouldn't stop talking.
I hope you don't get hurt.
Tom works six days a week.
I hope this will end soon.
Tom won't be the only one.
I hope this data is wrong.
Tom will be wearing a tie.
I heard a very loud noise.
Tom wasn't very concerned.
I have to keep on working.
Tom was raised near Boston.
I have to agree with this.
Tom was partially correct.
I have three kids at home.
Tom wants to go back home.
I have nothing to do here.
Tom wants me to coach him.
I have no answer for that.
Tom wanted to be a doctor.
I have a pretty good idea what's going to happen.
Being a prince is not easy.
My stomach churned.
The goat ate from her hand.
The goat ate the food from my hand.
These goats are extremely friendly.
I can't do it by myself. You need to help me.
Maybe Tom was in an accident.
Maybe Tom has had an accident.
I advised Tom to not do that.
I'll give you an exact address later today or tomorrow.
Is sin the opposite of a good deed?
He raised his hand, and so did Tom.
Come try.
Which way should I go to get to school?
I'm fed up with your riddles.
I've had it with your riddles.
I won't get an email from Tom today.
I haven't sent an email to anyone today.
They didn't email me today.
I didn't get an email from my friend today.
I didn't get an email from her today.
The bar-mitzvah party was cancelled due to illness.
Tom told Mary to go ahead.
I have a lot of neighbors.
Tom thought it was a bomb.
I had fun out there today.
Tom takes good care of me.
I had a very nice morning.
Tom seems like a nice boy.
I had a really great time.
Tom says it was a mistake.
I guess the answer is yes.
Tom says he has no choice.
I guess my wife was right.
Tom said he wanted to cry.
I guess I don't care much.
Tom said he did just that.
I grew up with those guys.
Tom said he can handle it.
I got that from my father.
Tom really did a nice job.
I felt tired all the time.
Tom needs time to do that.
I felt pretty comfortable.
Tom knows how to have fun.
I feel like I'll be ready.
Tom isn't harming anybody.
I feel helpless sometimes.
Tom is in real good shape.
I feel helpless right now.
Tom is completely correct.
I don't want to worry you.
Tom is a very good doctor.
I don't want to play golf.
Tom is a very good bowler.
I don't think it was fair.
Tom is a real hard worker.
I don't think I said that.
Tom helped me wash my car.
I don't really talk a lot.
Tom hasn't been forgotten.
I don't know what they do.
Tom hasn't been convicted.
I don't know how to begin.
Tom had a pretty good day.
I don't do this every day.
Tom died Monday afternoon.
I don't believe it at all.
Tom can help us, I'm sure.
I didn't say I worked out.
Tom attended that meeting.
I didn't like that at all.
Everybody has a scheme for perfecting the world.
The telepathist had little difficulty in finding new clients.
He is a good writer but he will never transcend the borders of his imagination.
The candidate is knowledgeable on the developments of physics but we can't hire him.
The million pound scheme to build houses will make disappear those ghettoes.
The stock prices are at an all-time low and this fact casts doubt on the existence of true competition among pharmaceutical companies.
How can we trust on this plan if it is talked about in such overblown terms?.
My enthusiasm and dedication are at an all time high.
Spanish is very similar to Portuguese.
Spanish and Portuguese are practically the same.
He knew that his move would arouse opposition but he didn't care about it.
If you have a cold, all the more reason to put your scarf on.
Part of his account conflicts with what he told me three weeks ago.
Many people think that I am bent over backwards to make her life a burden.
He feels that his life has gone to the dogs because he doesn't have any money.
The brochure of the Aesculapian Medical Society was really beautiful.
Tom and Mary are gone now.
I didn't like it at first.
Tom and I get along great.
I didn't let it get to me.
Is Tom a Canadian citizen?
I didn't let it bother me.
I've never criticized Tom.
I didn't know it was over.
I'm sure Tom is with Mary.
I did what I wanted to do.
I'm not going to miss Tom.
I did hesitate just a bit.
I wish Tom could see this.
I couldn't survive prison.
I was really proud of Tom.
I couldn't control myself.
I told Tom to stop crying.
I can't tell you about it.
I think it was Tom's idea.
I can't tell what this is.
I think Tom will do great.
I can't stay here all day.
I think Mary is beautiful.
I can't move my right leg.
I thanked Tom for the tip.
I can't find a job I like.
I talked to Tom on Monday.
I can't do more than that.
I sent Tom a text message.
I believe it's all a hoax.
I really looked up to Tom.
I believe I can trust you.
I like Tom and Mary a lot.
I assure you that we care.
I have no respect for Tom.
I appreciate your comment.
I expected Tom to do more.
Why would I go to Boston?
I don't care much for Tom.
I'm not a rookie anymore.
I don't blame Tom one bit.
I'll never get over that.
I blame Tom for this mess.
I was just doing my duty.
I bet Tom is pretty upset.
I think the answer is no.
I agree with Tom and Mary.
I sure hope you're wrong.
How did Tom pull that off?
I still don't feel right.
I hear someone singing.
I'm not kidding!
Tales like Cinderella are very widespread in China, Japan, and other countries of the world.
Will you come with us too?
He got married in Turkey.
You'll never find a girl like her.
They were truly happy.
They were really happy.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
Maria is in no condition to make a decision.
They've waited for you.
Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life.
Remember this, that very little is needed to make a happy life.
The dog caught the meat.
A senior government official was arrested on corruption charges.
Feeding someone during the holy month of Ramadan is very rewarding.
How could Tom do this now?
I really enjoy what I do.
How can I ever forget Tom?
I know you're very brave.
How and where did Tom die?
I knew my leg was broken.
Does Tom know any of this?
I hope things get better.
Do you think Tom is right?
I hope it'll happen soon.
Tom was hired in October.
I had a really good time.
Tom was fired in October.
I guess I'm OK with that.
Tom wants to go swimming.
I didn't know the answer.
Tom told me he'd be back.
I didn't know I was hurt.
Tom says he'll do nothing.
I didn't ask for details.
Tom is proud of his team.
I couldn't do it anymore.
Tom is having a good day.
My job pays fairly well.
Tom is extremely popular.
I've got a deal for you.
Tom is an easy-going guy.
I've been reading a lot.
Tom is a very odd person.
I'm the oldest one here.
Tom is a very good actor.
I'm glad I wasn't there.
Tom has a sense of humor.
I'd rather not tell you.
Tom made money hand over fist.
Accountants love spreadsheets.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than everyone.
It's my way or the highway.
Mary thinks that she's smarter than everyone. But she's not.
Do you feel comfortable with the way that your body looks?
Everybody's concerned about you.
The equator is an imaginary line which divides the globe into two equal parts.
Tom said that the remark was taken out of context.
The skeptics were right.
You should try and get some sleep.
Tom thinks he's smarter than everyone else.
You should try to get some sleep.
Tom thinks he's smarter than anyone else.
Who is paying for this?
The pharmaceutical company raised the price of a lifesaving drug overnight.
The actress denied the rumors.
No one knew what was going on.
No one knows what's going on.
His mother works as a librarian at a private school.
Why aren't you at work?
Who's paying for this?
Who'll pay for this?
Tom is a martial arts expert.
Do you think they had a good time?
Tom formed a band with a couple of friends.
Tom tried flipping the pancakes with the frying pan.
She is my muse.
I think that he's trying to impress the girl who lives next door.
I regretted lying to him.
I regretted lying to her.
Tom spent all his money on a car just to impress girls.
Tom hoped that one of the teams would pick him.
Tom is a professional musician.
Tom can play nearly as well as Mary.
Tom is fond of hunting.
There are fresh tracks in the snow.
I asked first.
I asked you first.
I don't know how I did that.
I don't know how I did it.
I'm really glad you came.
Tom was embarrassed to admit that he had started learning the guitar to impress girls.
I still remember the smell of her hair.
Tom didn't stay for long.
I wonder who wrote this.
Only Tom can answer that.
I still have a headache.
I've never spoken to Tom.
I hope we'll meet again.
I knew Tom meant no harm.
I go there all the time.
I felt I could trust Tom.
I feel I've already won.
I advised Tom to go home.
I don't want to eat now.
I advised Tom to do that.
I'm not ready to fight.
What is Tom really like?
I was happy I did that.
What did Tom talk about?
I never had much money.
What did Tom do instead?
I like to talk to kids.
Tom resigned in October.
I hope that it'll work.
Tom isn't that handsome.
I don't have any plans.
Tom is extremely honest.
I can't help you today.
I'm tired of you guys.
Tom has been mistreated.
I'm sure I'll do that.
It's time for Tom to go.
I'd like to know more.
I've seen Tom in action.
I didn't want to lose.
I'll never make it in time.
I don't care what it costs.
Tom is an aspiring musician.
I thought I put it right there.
It was the greatest experience of my life.
It's a stupid system.
Tom cut the wrong wire.
Tom cut the wire and defused the bomb.
Tom plays the guitar almost as well as Mary does.
Tom plays the guitar almost as well as Mary.
I regret lying to Tom.
I shouldn't have lied to Tom.
I never should've lied to Tom.
Lying to Tom was a mistake.
Lying to Tom was a big mistake.
Will you come with us, too?
I wonder what Tom is doing tomorrow afternoon.
I wonder what Tom will be doing tomorrow afternoon.
I'm not afraid of death, but I prefer not to be here when it occurs.
I don't know which of the two to choose. They're both very pretty.
This computer freezes every day. It's about to die.
What is the time there?
Tom will be the winner.
I can't trust you yet.
Tom knows you're lying.
I don't have a phone.
Tom is just plain ugly.
Tom did better than us.
I'm ready to fight.
I never liked Tom much.
I can't find a job.
I know you lied to Tom.
Stop being a jerk.
I know a lot about Tom.
I'm a country boy.
I hope they let Tom go.
I just feel lucky.
Guess what Tom will do.
I was very proud.
What Tom did is wrong.
I love them both.
Tom is the head coach.
I hate elevators.
Tom is counting on us.
I felt very safe.
I expected Tom to win.
I can still work.
How did Tom miss this?
Bring me a chair.
We can depend on Tom.
I'm a city girl.
Mary is a sweet girl.
I expect to win.
Tom looks like John.
I could be right.
I can depend on Tom.
I didn't panic.
I love Tom's smile.
I walked home.
Are you a man or a frightened rabbit?
Those who commit rape must be punished.
Young people are full of dreams, plans and energy.
Do you speak Hungarian?
There were persecutions of Christians under the Romans.
A dog is following us.
Where a genius shows up, the fools fraternize.
Everyone knows that luck and wealth elicit envy.
Nowadays, wisdom no longer appears to be an admirable virtue.
Does he speak Tagalog?
In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker.
Work and pray, live on hay; you'll get pie in the sky when you die.
I usually eat breakfast here.
Mary scratched herself.
I'm not inciting them.
I don't scratch their backs.
What color is the bird?
He hurried over to his car.
There's no guarantee.
Peter and Eve are a dream couple.
I didn't lie. You did.
If he had not fallen in the war, he would now be more than sixty years old.
No one likes to be talked about behind their back.
Night is falling, filling the valley with shadows.
Can you see the toolbar at the bottom of the screen?
Can you see the menu bar at the top of the screen?
Do you see the status bar at the bottom of the document window?
He wasn't able to explain what had happened.
London was bombed many times.
Do you see that tall building over there?
I'm in my fourth month.
I am too exhausted to walk any more.
He spent the night lying on the grass, looking at the stars.
Your father is a well-known doctor.
I bought a camera for thirty dollars.
She imagined what life in the city would be like.
Gold can't buy everything.
When should I feed the dog?
I don't color their drawings.
His birthday party will take place tomorrow evening.
You need a photograph.
It's a funny movie.
I'm not hesitating.
I'm not putting you in a trap.
Did you look at him?
There was general panic.
You need to wait for them.
He acted strangely.
He acted strange.
I asked my brother to repair my bicycle.
There's a book, a pencil, and a sheet of paper on the table.
The situation is becoming more and more dire for me.
He mourned the death of his friend.
I persuaded my brother to participate.
Hold your nose so you don't smell the stench.
The song was a hit.
On average, women live longer than men.
She invited me.
She looked like someone who had been sick for a long time.
It's a good movie.
On what street?
Tom came up with an ingenious idea.
Please keep that secret.
This is my lucky day.
You hate regulations.
I prefer black.
Tom speaks.
You need to go there yourself.
"How are you?" "Very well."
Are you coming to the concert with me?
She kissed me on the cheek.
They had seen better days.
He went on with his work.
He kept on working.
I need a hammer to repair the table.
I just waxed the floor.
I've just finished waxing the floor.
How often do you wax your skis?
Dad is tall.
Are you suffering from too much excitement in your life? Are you experiencing too much happiness? Are you feeling too elated? Is everything around you going too well and you can't seem to contain it? Worry no more, because there is a cure. Watch Djokovic—Simon, Australian Open 4R.
I heard Tom close the door on his way out.
I heard Tom shut the door on his way out.
I heard the door being opened.
I heard someone opening the door.
The site doesn't work on Mozilla Firefox.
You'll get pie in the sky when you die – that's a lie.
Tom has a picklock.
Have you changed your mind already?
Every square is a rectangle.
A rectangle has four right angles.
I would have gone to where I should have gone, had I had the time, but I couldn't have had the time, so I didn't go.
She put the rubbish out.
Her son is deaf.
He twisted his ankle.
Tom moved to Germany.
She sells fruits.
I don't think it will work.
He has to go to England in the summer.
What needs to be done?
My children live in Boston.
Most of my children live in Boston.
I hope I don't die today.
I don't think you'll die today.
All of my children live in Boston.
Tom won't be going back to Boston with us.
I wasn't sure I really wanted to go to Boston with Tom.
Tom and his wife are from Boston.
I'm pretty certain that Tom is in Boston now.
Tom arrived in Boston on Monday.
Why would I want to go to Boston with you?
Tom isn't going back to Boston.
I'm not going to go to Boston next week.
Tom died at his home in Boston.
I've got to go back to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is hoping to go to Boston.
I'm not going to go to Boston with you.
Tom also has family in Boston.
I'm really happy to be back in Boston.
Tom lives in the Boston area.
I'm supposed to be in Boston today.
Tom is a resident of Boston.
I wouldn't want to live in Boston.
What's Tom up to in Boston?
We're not far from Boston now.
Tom died in in Boston.
I don't like living in Boston.
I told Tom I'm from Boston.
I lived in Boston for years.
Tom is a native of Boston.
I'd love to live in Boston.
Tom spent time in Boston.
I intend to stay in Boston.
I wish I had done this earlier.
I wish you had told me earlier.
I wish you had told me this earlier.
Proceed!
Stop talking and start working!
I'm glad I wasn't the one who had to tell Tom that his dog died.
Tom didn't want just any car. He wanted his grandfather's car.
I bet the prices won't be much higher than they were last time.
Tom asked Mary whether she knew what she was supposed to do.
I'd like to know more about what happened at today's meeting.
Tom has been more successful at losing weight than Mary.
I had nobody to play with when I lived with my grandmother.
Tom asked whether Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
I met a lot of interesting people at the party last night.
I have the feeling that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I didn't know how to do that until I was thirty years old.
I ended up telling Tom what you told me not to tell him.
I'm supposed to pay my rent on the first of every month.
Tom wasn't the only one who got up early this morning.
I don't want to say anything that might make Tom angry.
Tom said he hasn't seen Mary since they got divorced.
I'd rather spend money on something I'd actually wear.
I think Tom should do what he says he's going to do.
I bet I'm not the only one who didn't do his homework.
Tom wants to know what time you'll be getting here.
I'm pretty certain that Tom doesn't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary both wanted to go to Boston with John.
I wish I had a house in the same neighborhood as Tom.
Tom ended up taking the job that they offered him.
I hope I'm not the only one who's going to be there.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to be here tomorrow.
I hope I'm not the only one who thinks this is true.
Tom and Mary both don't know how to speak French.
I bet I'm not the only one who knows how to do this.
Tom told Mary not to go out at night by herself.
The cake is ready.
Tom's knife is on the table.
The cake is ready to eat.
The cake is ready to come out of the oven.
The cake is ready to be decorated.
The cake is in the oven now and it should be ready to come out in about ten minutes.
Children like cake.
Does she understand Hungarian?
Does he understand Hungarian?
Does he understand Italian?
Undertaking university studies will cost you ten thousand pounds at a minimum.
His gutted reaction just added to the confusion.
His desire to become a towering figure in the American literary scene was not well understood by the public.
That's a very seductive idea but you should be careful.
The government said that a new approach was in the offing.
The nub of the dispute was unknown but its results were easy to predict.
The main idea of the book relied on a false premise.
The movement was spurred by a ragbag of false ideas.
I agree with you. It is a bad day, but we have to make light of it.
My book became the Holy writ for all those engineers.
Nowadays people in Venezuela are on the breadline.
Our aim is to forestall all those risks.
This campaign cannot forestall new Zika virus outbreaks.
Using muddy colors for this design is not a good idea.
The candidate made wild accusations against his opponent.
That idea was a springboard for further discussions about sex.
I suppose this car has cost you an arm and a leg.
The government decided to ban the book on grounds of indecency.
I didn't think I'd be back here until next summer.
Tom said he has a lot of homework to do tonight.
The longer you wait, the worse it's going to get.
Tom let me pick the songs we're playing tonight.
I can't believe this kind of thing still happens.
Tom has made it clear that he wasn't interested.
I'm sure you'll have a good time at Tom's party.
Do you think Tom and Mary will ever get married?
I'm glad someone told me what needed to be done.
Tom will want to know more about what happened.
I'll never be able to do that without your help.
Tom wants to know how you're going to get here.
I know I'm not the only one who thinks this way.
Tom says he'd be willing to loan us some money.
I don't know what I'd do if that happened to me.
Tom is the one who told me about what happened.
I'm pretty certain that Tom can't speak French.
Tom and Mary were talking about their children.
At first, I didn't know that my leg was broken.
I just hope they catch the guy who stabbed Tom.
I walked home in the rain without an umbrella.
Do you think Tom and Mary will ever be friends?
I knew I wasn't the only one who thought that.
Can you verify that this message came from Tom?
I don't think things will change anytime soon.
Tom says he has no idea what needs to be done.
I don't eat at the school cafeteria every day.
Tom is the one who told me not to trust Mary.
I'm glad I wasn't the one who had to do that.
I don't see why Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Do you know Italian?
The baby is still screaming.
They spent more time kissing than watching the movie.
He gave her a long, passionate kiss.
Don't make promises that you can't or don't intend to keep.
Always keep an open mind.
A new type of thinking is essential if mankind is to survive and move toward higher levels.
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.
Past thinking and methods did not prevent world wars. Future thinking must prevent wars.
Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth.
The mass of a body is a measure of its energy content.
Very small amounts of mass may be converted into a very large amount of energy and vice versa.
Nature shows us only the tail of the lion. But there is no doubt in my mind that the lion belongs to it even if he cannot reveal himself to the eye all at once because of his enormous size. We see him only the way a louse sitting upon him would.
In living through this "great epoch," it is difficult to reconcile oneself to the fact that one belongs to that mad, degenerate species that boasts of its free will. How I wish that somewhere there existed an island for those who are wise and of good will! In such a place even I should be an ardent patriot.
Our entire much-praised technological progress, and civilization generally, could be compared to an axe in the hand of a pathological criminal.
The value of a college education is not the learning of many facts but the training of the mind to think.
In so far as theories of mathematics speak about reality, they are not certain, and in so far as they are certain, they do not speak about reality.
I was sitting in a chair in the patent office at Bern when all of sudden a thought occurred to me: If a person falls freely he will not feel his own weight. I was startled. This simple thought made a deep impression on me. It impelled me toward a theory of gravitation.
Try and penetrate with our limited means the secrets of nature and you will find that, behind all the discernible concatenations, there remains something subtle, intangible and inexplicable. Veneration for this force beyond anything that we can comprehend is my religion. To that extent I am, in point of fact, religious.
I believe in Spinoza's God, Who reveals Himself in the lawful harmony of the world, not in a God Who concerns Himself with the fate and the doings of mankind.
A dictatorship means muzzles all round and consequently stultification. Science can flourish only in an atmosphere of free speech.
The belief in an external world independent of the perceiving subject is the basis of all natural science.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.
Why is it nobody understands me and everybody likes me?
A human being is a part of the whole, called by us "Universe," a part limited in time and space.
I believe, indeed, that overemphasis on the purely intellectual attitude, often directed solely to the practical and factual, in our education, has led directly to the impairment of ethical values.
Without "ethical culture," there is no salvation for humanity.
One thing I have learned in a long life: that all our science, measured against reality, is primitive and childlike—and yet it is the most precious thing we have.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
Are you the only ones here?
She was the most beautiful girl that I had ever laid my eyes on.
She was the most beautiful woman that I had ever laid my eyes on.
Tom has a prosthetic limb.
You're the most beautiful woman that I have ever laid my eyes on.
Tom could barely contain his excitement.
Mary could barely contain her excitement.
The horizon of many people is a circle with a radius of zero - and they call it their point of view.
Jack yawned and rubbed his eyes.
Tom kissed her again.
She was just as excited as he was.
He was just as excited as she was.
Mary gave him a big hug.
Mary gave Tom a big hug.
Mary gave Tom a big hug and a kiss.
I went to Tom's house after school.
I went to Mary's house after school.
She does not understand English.
Try to look like you're having fun.
She does not understand French.
Are you willing to bet your life on it?
It was a complete flop.
It's just not worth the risk.
This is a game-changer.
This new technology is really a game-changer.
I wish you a good morning!
Don't forget to tell her that.
Don't forget to tell him that.
Are you sure he can do that?
Tom will write a sentence in German.
He went up the stairs.
Tell the kids they need to go to bed.
Take that.
They avoid me.
It's apparent that you don't want to help me anymore.
I don't care whether you're busy. Help me.
The sun caressed his body.
He's the hardest-working of the four of us.
I long for that most of all.
I know that is difficult to understand for you.
It's worthless.
He doesn't really want to come tomorrow.
I would like you to answer my questions.
We postponed the meeting.
I empathize strongly with the victims.
The plane took off exactly on time.
Our condolences.
That guy is totally nuts.
I want to have a little look.
Here's everything I need to hear.
He flattened the dough.
Who is complaining?
You're pregnant.
He's a doctor.
Stop kidding me.
You'll find that out soon enough.
Come talk with me.
He's American.
She's American.
It's American.
Tom will accept the guests.
My throat is parched.
I clean the car.
It takes Mary several hours to get ready in the morning.
Why does he hate me?
Why does she hate me?
How could you stab me in the back like that?
Would you be willing to bet your life on it?
Tom works in an open office.
Tom and Mary bicker all day long.
They're like a married couple.
Tom is a professional bodybuilder.
Tom won the bodybuilding competition.
Tom is a former bodybuilder.
He'll be back home tomorrow.
"Who's that? " "It's your mother."
I'm convinced we can finish this by tomorrow.
Can you verify that this message is from Tom?
I was probably thirty years old at that time.
Tom said he didn't invite Mary to his party.
I haven't yet talked to my lawyer about this.
Tom pretended to be an undercover policeman.
I hate people who smoke in non-smoking areas.
Tom pretended that he didn't recognize Mary.
I don't think I'll make it to school on time.
Tom didn't know if he should really do that.
I couldn't have stayed even if I'd wanted to.
I think Tom shouldn't stay at home tomorrow.
I'm not going to go swimming this afternoon.
Tom was really skinny when I first met him.
I spent a lot of time here when I was a kid.
Tom is unlikely to go with us next weekend.
I don't think that'll happen until tomorrow.
Tom was wearing a gray suit and a red tie.
I don't eat at the school cafeteria anymore.
Tom showed me something interesting today.
Would you like to come see a movie with us?
Tom says he has no idea what he should do.
Let's focus on what needs to be done today.
I don't think Tom lives in Boston anymore.
I know a lot of people don't agree with me.
Tom showed me how to operate the machine.
I haven't had this much fun in a long time.
Tom says he has no idea where Mary lives.
I've got a lot to do before I can go home.
Tom said he'll get it done before Monday.
Just like you, I haven't slept in these trying days.
I'd like to return these pants because they're too big for me.
These figures are beyond human understanding.
I hope that, with these examples, you can understand better.
These two pencils are similar, but not the same.
These pencils might look alike but they're not the same.
When I'm using headphones I can't hear anything.
I've gained weight and these pants are quite tight.
Why do I always have to put up with these things?
These days there are ways to fix these problems.
These are the first tomatoes from my garden.
Who are you going to give these books to?
How were your first days at school?
The cold won't harm these animals.
These lights are beautiful!
"These cars are yours?" "Yes, they're mine."
"Are these cars yours?" "Yes they are."
These jerseys are too big for me.
Get your socks on fast. We're late!
Can you see the difference between these two pictures?
My grandmother gave me these pendants.
I've a lot to think about these days.
My children live in Moscow.
None of these cars are mine.
My children live in London.
These gloves were your mother's.
These things are good quality.
These are high quality goods.
The last few days have been very rainy.
These books are poor sellers.
These two friends are always together.
She said that she was Mary.
These pencils need sharpening.
He said that he was Tom.
These animals are better than those ones.
These books are better than those ones.
These banks are better than those.
These pens are better than those.
These glasses don't have any water.
Which of these dogs is yours?
My children live in Beijing.
Tom, are all these books yours?
Tom, are these books all yours?
Aren't these your books?
With these headphones, I can't hear anything.
Do you call that a kiss?
Try thinking about something else.
Why are you crying? It's just a movie.
Tom paid the bill and left the restaurant.
Do you come from Tokyo?
He returns from New York tomorrow.
Is that actually true?
Tom helped an old lady load her groceries in her car.
The young man helped the old lady load the groceries into her car.
She really let herself go.
I'm glad I'm not like that.
This should fit you.
You can keep it.
I didn't have to say it twice.
He didn't have to say it twice.
She didn't have to say it twice.
I've told you a million times.
I've told you a thousand times.
All the good ones are already taken.
"What are you doing?" "What does it look like I'm doing?"
Your father hasn't answered my letter yet.
My brothers haven't answered your questions yet.
My father is outside.
I'm supposed to be in my office right now.
Tom said he has to go to school tomorrow.
I'm still not sure what I should be doing.
Tom needs to pay more attention in class.
I'm still not sure I should be doing this.
Tom decided to make spaghetti for dinner.
I'm not going to teach you how to do that.
Tom asked me to speak to Mary about that.
I'd like to stay here for a few more days.
I'd definitely consider doing this again.
I'd like to know more about what happened.
I don't think Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I don't have enough money now to buy this.
Tom wasn't the one who put out the fire.
I don't get angry as quickly as I used to.
Tom wasn't the one who broke the window.
I'm happy with the way things turned out.
Tom says he's willing to do that for us.
I'd like to know who it was who did this.
Tom knows exactly what needs to be done.
I haven't read very many books in French.
Tom is the one who warned me about this.
I got out of the hospital three days ago.
Tom is no different than the rest of us.
I don't think I'll make it to your party.
Tom can't afford to lose any more money.
I don't have to worry about that anymore.
Tom and his wife adopted three children.
You're the one who warned me about this.
I thought Tom and Mary would hit it off.
Excuse us for just a minute.
I don't have an office, nor do I need one.
Wrinkles? I spent too much time to have them to be ashamed of them.
Would you like me to go there with you?
I'm still not sure who I should talk to.
I don't know where Tom put his umbrella.
I'm going to play tennis this afternoon.
Tom wants to know how much he owes you.
I wasn't able to make myself understood.
Tom sounded like he didn't believe you.
I was just doing what needed to be done.
Tom knew exactly where he needed to go.
I think I've found what I'm looking for.
Tom is trying to make up for lost time.
I really want you to pay more attention.
I sure hope that Tom helps us tomorrow.
I hate people who do that kind of thing.
I sure hope that Tom gets here on time.
I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
Tom's real name may not really be Tom.
I don't need to wear a tie where I work.
Tom went outside to smoke a cigarette.
I don't get angry as often as I used to.
Tom was thirty years old at that time.
In the city.
In the village.
In the temple.
In the theater.
At school.
All the best with that.
The only natural enemies of beluga whales are polar bears.
I want to be assigned to the vice squad.
The cow is at the farm, too.
Where is the cow?
The horse is at the farm.
Where is the horse?
The cat is in the yard, too.
The dog is in the yard.
Is it in the room?
Is the dog in the yard?
Is the book on the chair?
Is the book on the table?
Where is the apple?
This method has its pluses and minuses.
The table is in the room.
This method has its advantages and disadvantages.
This method has its pros and cons.
Where's the table?
This method has its plusses and minuses.
Is it a cow?
Is it a horse?
No, it is not a cat.
Is this a cat?
Yes, it is a dog.
Is this a dog?
It's an ice cream.
It is an orange.
It's a chair.
It is a notebook.
May God give you a good night!
May God give you a good evening!
May God give you a good day!
Have a good time!
I had soon given up all hope.
Tom does not know the difference between a subject and an object.
Enjoy the mild weather before the snow comes.
The cold wind pained the tramp terribly.
We want to measure your temperature.
He kissed her with his eyes closed.
Hello, this is room service.
Don't wait too long for me.
Tom was here with Mary yesterday evening.
The teacher became a soldier.
Where is the bicycle?
A car is in the street.
A car is outside.
The bicycle is in the street.
The bus is at the bus station.
The train is at the railway station.
Where is the plane?
The plane is at the airport.
Don't you ever have class?
These are different types of computers.
He reread the poem.
He read the poem again.
Please don't push any of these buttons.
Tom was supposed to help us yesterday.
I'll think about what needs to be done.
Tom wants his daughter to get married.
I think three of those would be enough.
Tom says he's willing to try anything.
I hope this problem can be solved soon.
Tom says he can't wait to get started.
I had no idea that was going to happen.
Tom and his wife have just had a baby.
I don't want to walk. Let's take a cab.
Tom and Mary arrived at the same time.
We're going to have some fun tomorrow.
Tom and I have been friends for years.
This park is now closed to the public.
Tom wanted to learn how to play golf.
I'm supposed to give a speech tonight.
Tom said he didn't like Mary anymore.
I wish I were on the same team as Tom.
Tom plans on being here next weekend.
He bought a pair of new gloves.
They have eaten caviar.
I have read the article and now I am writing a summary.
Waldorf salad is an American invention from the nineteenth century.
And call me afterwards!
This book was first published in the previous year.
That's terribly expensive!
That's a rip off!
How sweet!
May God give us a good day!
I'm hoping to see them.
Just that?
That's all?
You're wet.
You're soaking.
Just take water.
Are you going down?
Is there a Japanese speaker here?
We need a contract.
He's bound to be late.
Of course he'll be late.
What a lie!
That store is open all year.
She put the newspaper on the table.
That's pure BS!
I can't sleep well in a strange bed.
How sad!
The river that flows through Paris is the Seine.
I made a mistake!
I goofed!
He said "Hi" to me.
Do you need sunglasses?
Be right there.
I'm coming!
Keep going!
Were you ever on television?
Oh crap!
Speak slowly.
It's urgent!
False.
We're still waiting.
You're Italian.
Get out of here, you dog!
Bugger off, will you?
Behave yourselves!
Turn around!
Don't be late!
Ah, really?
For how long?
A car is on the street.
Til when?
The car is on the street.
The car is in the street.
Are you really coming?
It's just begun.
No charge.
Free entry.
I was painting.
Yes, you can.
We're leaving soon!
How about we meet for breakfast?
There were gun shots.
We'll let him know.
Does he work?
Does he have a job?
I'm bringing wine.
Don't make promises that you can't keep.
Don't make promises that you don't intend to keep.
I'll bring wine.
What did he do?
That's enough!
Just painted.
Fresh paint.
You're naughty.
Yeah, so what?
I'm angry!
I'm furious!
I'm pissed off!
Please, have a seat.
May God give us a good night!
I'm Polish.
Did you come the day before yesterday?
May God give us a good evening!
Is there any extra charge?
Do you charge a commission?
You only need to ask.
Yes, of course!
Speak fast.
You were hurt.
How peaceful!
What an uproar!
How stupid!
I'm lost!
You really shouldn't have.
It's the same.
It's identical.
I've hurt myself.
I've been injured.
Are you trying to get me mad?
Happy Birthday!
Excuse me for interrupting.
What sign are you?
I want to buy another one.
One of the downsides of living downtown is the noise you hear all day long every day of the week.
The people tend to shorten their words as they speak and some of these sound more like contractions rather than separate words.
If the universe is full of stars, why doesn't their light continually light up the entire sky?
Why are there so many motorcycles in this city? Well, it's because they're cheaper than cars and there are more poor people than rich ones.
"How do I get to 5th Street?" "Turn right at the second street, go two blocks and turn right again."
I can't promise that you'll like these books but I think it would be a good idea to at least look them over.
Is Dad in the kitchen?
This coat is worn and looks bad. Isn't it time you got a new one?
The basement is overrun with rats.
Finally they both fell asleep.
I have already read the book several years ago.
I haven't played my guitar in a while.
Tom is unlikely to be here on Monday.
Why are you asking me for my opinion?
Tom didn't have to say anything else.
We'll need to make some changes soon.
Tom didn't even want to eat anything.
I'm pretty certain that won't happen.
Tom couldn't afford to hire a lawyer.
I wonder if this is really necessary.
Tom attended John and Mary's wedding.
I was just doing what had to be done.
Tom and Mary are both good at French.
I doubt very much that I'll be there.
I'd definitely like to see Tom again.
I don't care how long I have to wait.
I sure hope that Tom doesn't do that.
I didn't think I needed one of those.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me this.
I've told them all that I was sorry.
Tom was sitting on his mother's lap.
I read that book several years ago.
Without a doubt, he's an honest man.
This train moves very slowly.
Stay far away from that dog.
Keep your distance from that dog.
In Wales, we have a saying.
Who is who?
The main reason to vote out IMHO is not immigration or the economy, although these are important, but the dangerous lack of democracy in the EU set-up. It's designed to give the illusion of being democratic, with elections and an elected parliament, but in actual fact it's not really democratic at all.
I'm not sure what I should be doing.
Tom told me to stay out of his room.
I'm looking for a new place to live.
Tom says he'd be willing to help us.
I'm just glad I got it done on time.
Tom says he doesn't want to do that.
I'm glad someone told me what to do.
Tom is really good at telling jokes.
I'm feeling a bit under the weather.
Tom bought himself a new toothbrush.
I'm doing what I've been told to do.
Tom and Mary are both good swimmers.
I'll never be able to do that again.
I wonder how Tom managed to do that.
I would never wear that color shirt.
Tom's injuries aren't very serious.
I wonder what caused this to happen.
Tom will answer all your questions.
I hope to someday live in a mansion.
Tom says he has no idea what to do.
That's a crap idea.
The car is outside.
The bomb has been planted.
What's your view on war?
I haven't quite made up my mind yet.
Tom said he didn't want to do that.
I have a friend who lives on a boat.
Tom needs to get medical attention.
I don't understand what I should do.
Tom is unlikely to want to do that.
I asked a friend of mine to help us.
Tom didn't understand what I meant.
This park isn't open to the public.
Tom and Mary encouraged each other.
I'm three years older than you are.
Tom and Mary can both speak French.
I'm never going to figure this out.
The bed Tom sleeps on is too short.
I'd hate to see that happen to you.
I don't think Tom can speak French.
I wish we could do this more often.
Tom was supposed to be here today.
I may be away for a couple of days.
Tom was just like a brother to me.
I hope to live in a mansion someday.
Tom gave the flashlight to Mary.
Tom confessed he did that.
I'll introduce you to the rest of the shipmates.
What is the capital of Hungary?
I know all about what has happened.
Tom thinks that Mary is beautiful.
I haven't bought anything recently.
Tom is still a member of our club.
I don't think that'll happen to us.
Tom has hired a private detective.
I don't think that'll happen again.
Tom has been making some progress.
I've been doing that a lot lately.
Tom has been doing a lot of stuff.
I'm not supposed to be doing this.
Tom has a twin brother named John.
I'm glad Tom was there to help us.
Tom didn't have to wait very long.
I'd hate to see that happen again.
Tom called Mary and asked her out.
I won't go to Australia this year.
Tom and Mary are both from Boston.
I told you I was going to do that.
I wonder how much money Tom makes.
I think the game will be exciting.
You saw what Tom did, didn't you?
I hope to see you again next year.
Tom wanted to learn to play golf.
I don't want to work here anymore.
Tom may still be in the hospital.
I didn't like Tom's idea at first.
Tom looks about thirty years old.
Let's not eat at that restaurant.
Tom just turned thirty years old.
I've done that a number of times.
Tom has lost about thirty pounds.
I'll definitely be there tonight.
Tom came back three months later.
I wouldn't want to work with Tom.
I hope I can work with Tom again.
I wouldn't want to live with Tom.
Tom wasn't the one who did this.
I would never lend Tom any money.
Tom wanted to learn how to swim.
Tom will answer all of your questions.
I live kilometers away from the nearest station.
Ken's dog is very fat.
The baby grows.
She tried to warn me.
He tried to warn me.
Tom tried to warn me.
Tom is brash and impulsive.
I've been saving it for a special occasion.
I have a bottle of very good wine that I've been saving for a special occasion.
It's a pleasant feeling.
There's no water in the bucket.
Tom is very fat.
I work on the other side of town.
Tom wanted to learn how to read.
I know how hard it is to do that.
Tom says he has to talk to Mary.
I just wanted it to be over with.
Tom said he heard Mary say that.
I don't want to buy any of these.
Tom is an excellent jazz singer.
I don't usually work on weekends.
Tom didn't want to kill anybody.
I don't think things will change.
Tom and his wife have separated.
At first, the idea seemed absurd.
Tom and Mary now live in Boston.
Let me teach you how to do that.
Tom and Mary had three children.
I'm not supposed to talk to you.
Tom and Mary are both Canadians.
I'm glad Tom is going to help us.
I'm just glad Tom is doing that.
Has anyone ever told you how pretty you are?
Has anyone ever told you how lovely you look?
Has anyone ever told you how beautiful you are?
Has anyone ever told you what really happened?
Has anyone ever told you what really happened that day?
Has anyone ever told you the truth?
Mary excitedly entered the room, she gave Tom a big hug and a huge slap.
The village had more than a thousand residents.
He was born in a village near Tehran.
The grumbling Brits have left for good. God bless the European Union, which will become stronger as a result of this.
Great Britain has voted to leave the European Union.
I can't believe you've done this.
I can't believe you've done this to me.
I can't believe that Great Britain has voted to leave the European Union.
We were meant to be together.
You're going to get us all in trouble.
Come with me to the southern coast of France!
She wants to invest in our company's infrastructure.
Brexit refers to the withdrawal of Great Britain from the European Union.
The media are more concerned with profits than the public good.
It was so much better before.
One thing was certain, that the white kitten had had nothing to do with it: — it was the black kitten's fault entirely.
Ever drifting down the stream — Lingering in the golden gleam — Life, what is it but a dream?
Do you hear the snow against the window-panes, Kitty? How nice and soft it sounds!
Oh, that's very pretty!
The very first thing she did was to look whether there was a fire in the fireplace, and she was quite pleased to find that there was a real one, blazing away as brightly as the one she had left behind.
He's just another sullen teenager.
When he doesn't get his way, he sulks.
What do you think he's dreaming about?
What do you think she's dreaming about?
I can't remember things before they happen.
"It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards," the Queen remarked.
The flowers were red.
The flowers are red.
There are two kinds of people in the world, those who understand binary and those who don't understand binary.
When he doesn't get what he wants, he pouts.
He isn't going to forgive me so easily.
The politician did not keep his promise.
I want this cat.
Are you from Tokyo?
Tom does drive.
Tom thanked Marie for her gift.
Tom's goal is to become famous.
London voted to remain in the European Union.
Former London mayor Boris Johnson was the leader of the campaign for "Brexit".
British prime minister David Cameron plans to resign.
Britain is the European Unions's second-largest economy after Germany.
Anxiety about immigration is one of the reasons why Great Britain voted to leave the European Union.
I'm no scapegoat to take it lying down.
Make Britain great again!
We are both her boyfriend and girlfriend.
His chocolate is okay.
I feel more Scottish than ever before.
I don't feel very British any more, rather more and more Scottish.
Have you ever been to Switzerland?
You will not die today.
Have you ever been to the Netherlands?
Do you come from Beijing?
He returns from London tomorrow.
Do you come from Berlin?
Have you ever been to Spain?
A wonderful thing has happened.
Isn't your friend in town?
In the morning sharp cries from parrots break the silence.
Last week the kids ate so many carrots that they turned yellow.
He drew invisible symbols in the air with his fingers.
I refuse to respond to that.
It's true that he fell in love with her.
He will accept your offer.
They bathed themselves.
You walk fast.
I have a ton of food in my pantry.
I visit the dentist every two days.
The school is closed due to the snow.
Would they be smaller?
I'll arrange that.
The climate change is a world problem.
He had to spend the night at his sister's.
My back has been acting up again.
I do not like his inflated poetry or his vacuous comments on literature.
It is obvious to me that he has no political acumen at all.
The farmer should use a new fertiliser.
The workers only wanted to air their grievances.
It is alleged that his disjointed speech was written by his best friend.
The students managed to indict the country's establishment and forged an alliance with the unions.
When the emperor read the unfounded accusations, the citizens were forlorn of all hope.
The bedraggled houses were finally destroyed by the platoon.
This error could cost you your life.
There is widespread conviction that the prince should resign his claim to the throne.
The purported director of the film is still unknown.
Those political ideas arose in India.
Although he denied the charges, the apparatchik was put on trial.
It then became apparent that he had answered off the top of his head.
As far as I know it's a small city.
Every word is important.
Every word matters.
Every word counts.
Unity is better than disunity.
I think peace is very much preferable to war, don't you?
Personally, I like not being at war.
Personally, I like peace.
I used to waste time by playing video games. Now I waste time by procrastinating on the internet.
He had all the qualities of a leader.
This is a scary place.
This place is mine.
Not all questions have answers.
All questions have answers.
Only some questions have answers.
Not all answers have questions.
This answer has no question.
This question has no answer.
I love asking questions.
No project for peace can be viable unless it emphasizes ethnic, cultural, religious, and linguistic tolerance, as well as diversity in general.
Tolerance and respect for diversity are the cornerstones of any peace movement.
Peace cannot exist without tolerance and respect for diversity.
Intolerance is a breeding ground for war.
War leads to intolerance; intolerance leads to war.
Peace cannot exist without tolerance.
I love peace. Isn't peace wonderful?
If everybody thought the way I did, the world would be a much better place.
If everybody were me, the world would be a much better place.
How wonderful would the world be if everybody were me!
The world is horrible. I'm ditching it and moving to another planet. I'll found a colony where everything will be just perfect, a real utopia. I'll tell everybody what to do (for their own good and the good of the colony, of course) and they'll do it. Or else. But all for the prosperity and well-being of the colonists. You understand.
She has painted the door red.
Many peoples of antiquity have been gone for thousands of years, and nobody sheds a tear for them.
Food tastes better when it is wrapped in a European flag.
Food tastes better when it is wrapped in the flag of the European Union.
He's just a daydreamer.
He's just a dreamer.
Three species of rhinoceros are critically endangered.
Think carefully before you promise anything.
My husband often fails to understand what I mean.
You should have watched the movie last night.
You should have seen the movie last night.
I'm available now.
She still hasn't gotten used to cell phones.
That wording sounds rather strange to me.
You don't have to ask for forgiveness.
No one knew where she was.
I need to be more alert.
Can the crisis be overcome?
I don't like fights.
Adults always ask kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas themselves.
It's a black-and-white picture.
He's got a couple of screws loose.
He's got a couple screws loose.
He has a few screws loose.
He's got a few screws loose.
On this side of the mountain, it doesn't rain much.
While I was reading, the phone rang.
The village is connected to our city by a bridge.
Did you say I'd never win?
In my opinion, a movie is much more entertaining than a book.
Look! A falling star!
I know Latin.
The pain was overwhelming.
She is English.
I promise I'll stop procrastinating. Tomorrow.
I'm Hungarian.
Dreams are meaningless.
Dreams are full of meaning.
Every dream has meaning.
No dream has meaning.
May you live in interesting times.
It wouldn't hurt you to try not looking so glum all the time.
If you knew how important a decision that was, you wouldn't make it so lightly.
You treated the decision so casually, now you must suffer the consequences.
I love cookies.
Cookies are delicious.
These cookies are delicious.
These cookies are absolutely delicious.
Aren't cookies delicious?
I haven't gotten your e-mail yet. Maybe you typed in the wrong address?
It may not be natural for you, but at least try to be a little more gracious.
What is your goal?
I thought I heard the door open.
I'd like to see what Tom can do.
I think I've been here too long.
I wouldn't care if Tom did that.
I know people think I'm strange.
I told Tom to stay away from us.
I just want to be a good father.
I think Tom should study harder.
I haven't quite made up my mind.
I know what Tom is likely to do.
I had a great time last weekend.
I know how hard Tom has studied.
I don't want you to do anything.
I haven't tried to call Tom yet.
I can't quit thinking about you.
Tom's birthday is October 20th.
We'd better just call it a day.
Tom will answer your questions.
Please don't ask me to do that.
Tom wasn't even here yesterday.
I do not know why I am here.
Postponed is not abandoned.
What is delayed may come later.
I think she's done nothing well.
Those pens are mine.
Those feathers are mine.
Free yourself from prejudice.
If something is given to you then take it. If you are beaten, then run away.
We don't serve people like you.
We don't want people like you.
We don't need people like you.
For general amusement, I'm wearing a mini-skirt today.
We are not angels.
We're no angels.
We're not angels.
They're French.
Tom had to swallow the frog.
I'm three years older than you.
Tom was the first one to speak.
I'm still in pretty good shape.
Tom told me to stay in my room.
I'm satisfied with the results.
Tom pretended to be interested.
I'll think about what you said.
Tom is married with three sons.
I'll leave the planning to you.
Tom is around thirty years old.
I'll be ready in a few minutes.
Tom is also a friend of Mary's.
I'd like to lose thirty pounds.
Tom doesn't let me do anything.
I usually pay my bills on time.
Tom didn't know Mary was there.
I think it's still worth a try.
Tom couldn't convince everyone.
I hope we don't get in trouble.
Tom and Mary grew up in Boston.
I hope we don't get into trouble.
Don't call Tom at home after 2:30.
You need to resign.
This is the best time of year.
This is the best time of year to visit Boston.
I hope I don't let anyone down.
I know how hard Tom has worked.
I don't want to see anyone die.
I just wish I'd met Tom sooner.
I didn't think that was any fun.
I don't think Tom is a bad guy.
I asked for a few more details.
Apparently, Tom is still alive.
We just need to have patience.
Why is Tom acting so childish?
We have no way to verify this.
What happened to Tom and Mary?
I've had this for a long time.
Tom's pitching is pretty good.
I'm going to be there tonight.
Tom's injuries aren't serious.
I'll never be able to do that.
Tom's bicycle has been stolen.
I'd like to know who did this.
Tom was one of three children.
I know how hard Tom studied.
There's a song I want to sing for you.
I'd like to sing a song for you that I wrote last night.
I think your hypothesis is correct.
Everything is going just fine.
I've got lots of ideas.
I've got tons of ideas.
Whether something is a good idea or not is a matter of opinion.
I just got back from England.
Eat if you're hungry!
I received a friendly letter.
Tom must swallow the bitter pill.
I wonder what those guys want.
Tom was born three months ago.
I won't be doing this anymore.
Tom was a doctor in Australia.
I was married for three years.
Tom sounded like he was upset.
I think three would be enough.
Tom says Mary needs to resign.
I think I'd be a good teacher.
Tom said he wanted to go home.
I never want to do this again.
Tom said he doesn't know Mary.
I have nothing to worry about.
Tom said Mary does that a lot.
I don't want to walk any more.
Tom really seems to like Mary.
I don't think I deserved that.
Tom needs to get back to work.
I don't have to study tonight.
Tom isn't going to be a coach.
I do a lot of stuff by myself.
Tom isn't allowed to go there.
I didn't know what I would do.
Tom is probably really sleepy.
You're not obligated to come.
Tom is one of Mary's brothers.
We're going to have some fun.
Tom is good friends with Mary.
We'll have a good time there.
Tom is also in love with Mary.
I've had a great deal to do.
Tom has published three books.
I've got to lose some weight.
Tom has done better than Mary.
I'm not ready to do that yet.
Tom has a Canadian girlfriend.
I wouldn't want to work here.
Tom doesn't have any shoes on.
I wouldn't want to live here.
Tom doesn't get much time off.
Tom is omnilingual. He can speak every language on Earth.
God is, of course, omnilingual. He can understand everyone's prayers, no matter what language they're in.
Shhh, you'll wake up Tom!
I knew you were trouble the minute I saw you.
That's one of the perks of being the manager.
That's one of the perks of being the CEO.
I can't believe you'd cheat on Mary. After everything she's been through!
I fully agree with this.
I can't believe you agreed to this.
I can't believe you'd cheat on Tom. After everything he's done for you!
By the way, one tenth of one percent is one hundred percent of one per thousand.
Let me get your bags.
Let me get your bags for you.
Stick to what you're good at.
The only way out of today's misery is for people to become worthy of each other's trust.
Tom did not want to cross the picket line.
Love, I find is like singing. Everybody can do enough to satisfy themselves, though it may not impress the neighbors very much.
Sometimes, I feel discriminated against, but it does not make me angry. It merely astonishes me. How can they deny themselves the pleasure of my company?
Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose. It is a seeking that he who wishes may know the cosmic secrets of the world and they that dwell therein.
The apple cannot be stuck back on the Tree of Knowledge; once we begin to see, we are doomed and challenged to seek the strength to see more, not less.
I was very moved by that play.
Few of us can easily surrender our belief that society must somehow make sense. The thought that the state has lost its mind and is punishing so many innocent people is intolerable. And so the evidence has to be internally denied.
An era can be said to end when its basic illusions are exhausted.
Don't be seduced into thinking that that which does not make a profit is without value.
You can't eat the orange and throw the peel away—a man is not a piece of fruit.
Stealing a man's wife, that's nothing, but stealing his car, that's larceny.
A guy who's always interested in the condition of the world, and changing it, either has no problems of his own, or refuses to face them... not wanting to face things of his own nature.
Tom, do you love me?
Mary, do you love me?
I said it, but I didn't really mean it.
I've ruined everything.
Have you been thinking about me?
Have you been thinking about me, Tom?
Have you been thinking about me, Mary?
Long distance phone calls were expensive at the time.
I think I'd be a good father.
Tom does this six days a week.
I still get lonely sometimes.
Tom can't afford to be choosy.
I shouted as loud as I could.
Tom asked me to speak to Mary.
I may not be home until late.
Tom asked Mary what she meant.
I may not be back until late.
Tom and Mary are both unhappy.
I know things you don't know.
Tom and I both like you a lot.
I know there are hidden fees.
Tom agreed to meet Mary again.
I know people say that a lot.
I'm going to miss Tom's smile.
I know it's a risky business.
I wonder what Tom's salary is.
I know it won't be like that.
I told Tom to leave you alone.
Don't give up. You may lose today and win tomorrow.
Be careful what you say publicly. It may have consequences.
The date of the event is to be determined.
I know it was very difficult.
I think Tom will be all right.
I knew I was taking a chance.
I think Tom shouldn't do that.
I just wanted to call my mom.
I think Tom is in great shape.
I just want to say thank you.
I think Tom is doing his best.
I just want to read the news.
I knew that Tom wouldn't come.
I just want to clear my name.
I have the feeling Tom did it.
I just tried to stay focused.
I don't think Tom was kidding.
I just needed some fresh air.
I don't think Tom trusts Mary.
I just hope no one gets hurt.
I don't think Tom is at fault.
I just haven't done that yet.
Tom's singing is pretty good.
He played the Liszt sonata blindfolded.
That Schubert sonata sounds really familiar to me.
The song of the bird is pleasant.
Did something happen on the bus?
Don't mind the haters.
What happened to your arm?
Beware of generally accepted ideas!
Do you love me, Tom?
"Tom, do you love me?" "Sure, I do."
Wise words!
You are very aggressive.
You are very full of energy.
You're very aggressive.
You're being too aggressive.
I think you need to be more aggressive.
I just don't think like that.
Tom wasn't there at the time.
I just can't take it anymore.
Tom wasn't seriously injured.
I hope you have a great time.
Tom wasn't overly optimistic.
I hope this has been helpful.
Tom wasn't having a good day.
I hope that will change soon.
Tom wasn't even on the plane.
I hope it works out that way.
Tom was with a group of guys.
I hope I don't mess up today.
Tom was very easy to talk to.
I hope I did the right thing.
Tom was supposed to be there.
I have no idea what was said.
Tom was simply doing his job.
I have no idea what happened.
Tom was off duty at the time.
Joseph is in the garden.
Joseph is not in the house.
We've been neighbours for more than years.
We used to know all the neighbors by name.
I have no desire to go there.
Tom was killed in the battle.
I have loads of things to do.
Tom wants to change all that.
I had no lawyer at that time.
Tom walks with a slight limp.
I feel very sorry about that.
Tom told Mary not to do that.
I feel really bad about that.
Tom still can't grow a beard.
I feel like a complete idiot.
Tom spent three days in jail.
I dreamed I was water skiing.
Tom sounded like he meant it.
I don't write poetry anymore.
Tom should be given a chance.
I don't worry about the risk.
Tom seems to be a decent guy.
I don't worry about the past.
Tom said that was a bad idea.
It's difficult to understand.
Have you ever been to Russia?
He returns from Boston tomorrow.
I think she's from Austria.
Do you come from Moscow?
Vienna is in Austria.
I traveled all around Russia.
Do you come from New York?
He returns from Beijing tomorrow.
I don't want to stop working.
Tom said he hasn't seen Mary.
I don't want to say anything.
Tom said he couldn't do that.
I don't want to blame anyone.
Tom said I can ride with him.
I don't want to believe that.
Tom refused to help at first.
I don't want to be your wife.
Tom really dislikes children.
I don't think that'll happen.
Tom paused for just a second.
I don't think it's a problem.
Tom only got one thing wrong.
I don't think it'll work out.
Tom needs to stop doing that.
I don't see why this is news.
Tom needs a lot more therapy.
I don't see the problem here.
Tom needs to stay where he is.
The town hall was built between and 1897.
She ended things between us.
He was a dapper man with a mustache that curled neatly at each tip.
You can't abandon me.
And what about you?
And how about you?
The plant sends out a spike on which the flowers grow.
Tom lost his hearing aid.
Officer down!
Why didn't you pick up when I called?
Please go ahead and take a look at your leisure.
I'm asking you, so please stop.
May I ask you to send this to New York?
"Tom, it's said you've lost your hearing aid." "Nope! I don't like Mexican food."
What is your home phone number?
The number of motor vehicles in the city has increased.
You are skinny.
Humans are part of nature.
My friends all call me Tom.
Who is your favourite singer?
Where is the assembly point?
Where are we assembling?
I am different from Tom.
What is your favorite proverb?
I don't see any problem here.
Tom might be the best choice.
I don't see any harm in that.
Tom might be here any minute.
I don't really care about it.
Tom may well need to do that.
I don't plan on retiring yet.
Tom may have some good ideas.
I don't mind doing it at all.
Tom made only three mistakes.
I don't know who's there now.
Tom looks like he's thinking.
I don't know what you can do.
Tom looked like he might cry.
I don't know how you do that.
Tom lives just up the street.
I don't have to say anything.
Tom lived to be years old.
I don't have a job right now.
Tom left the company in 2013.
Today's modern tractors and combines are equipped with high technology.
Sugar is sweet, lemon is sour... and what is bitter?
Tom turned his back on his past and his family and started a new life.
This subject is off limits.
I've never flown first class.
Tom put his hand on mine.
I dropped Tom off at his friend's house.
Tom dropped Mary off at her friend's house.
I'm not a tattletale.
Don't worry about them. They're just jealous.
Don't worry about him. He's just jealous.
Don't worry about her. She's just jealous.
Do you like historical novels?
Tom has a bobblehead on his dashboard.
This ring is very expensive.
I tried to make friends.
I don't ever drink and drive.
Tom knows exactly how to win.
I don't care what's going on.
Tom knew he was going to win.
I don't care about it at all.
Tom knew he had to apologize.
I don't believe we need that.
Tom knew exactly where to go.
I do a lot of stuff with Tom.
Tom kissed me before he left.
I didn't want to do it again.
Tom is trying to change that.
I didn't get my way that day.
Tom is the team's head coach.
I didn't get a second chance.
Tom is still waiting for you.
I didn't follow instructions.
Tom is still living in exile.
I didn't feel like going out.
Tom is sticking his neck out.
My neighbor is a carpenter.
Tom travels around the world playing concerts.
Crocodiles, snakes, lizards and turtles are reptiles.
I did it for the first time.
Pine trees can grow up to thirty meters tall.
Tom was caught in a lie.
Tom was caught lying.
My wife is a seamstress.
Tom hit the vibraphone with his mallet.
Tom's parents worked hard to send him to private school.
You need to play the notes in the correct order.
My daughter Brigitta is a seamstress.
The mailman is cute.
The postman is cute.
It's getting late and I have to get up early tomorrow.
Will you dance with me, my little clown?
My daughter is having dinner.
Tom sat down on a log.
The wife ordered little challas this time, and you don't argue with the wife.
This year I'm dressing up as John Milton, because my paradise is lost.
My husband is having dinner.
Some Jews are accustomed to reading the book of Esther on Purim.
I got a noisemaker as a Purim gift.
I received a rattle as a gift for Purim.
I never said that he was righteous.
I never said that he was a saint.
You didn't hear me say that he's a saint.
No one claims that he's a saint.
He eyed her suspiciously.
She eyed him suspiciously.
אילן is a synonym for עץ.
Do you want to see the house?
I have to be up at six.
The fifteenth of Shevat is the "Festival of Trees."
Bravery is a central principle of Hanukkah.
The Maccabean revolt was started by Matityahu HaKohen.
Lighting the Hanukkah candles is a good deed.
The Maccabees freed Jerusalem and the Temple from Greek rule.
They stayed alert for the course of the class.
People are disappointed at the number of angry participants.
Today we went to the ballot box to vote for the European Parliament.
I didn't get an email from you guys today.
I didn't get an email from anyone today.
Half of them said that the proposed law hurts the freedom of speech instead of strengthening it.
Where is the wall?
They killed our cows.
I still steal steel.
These are all the things that I need.
Rome was founded by Romulus and Remus.
My children live in Paris.
He returns from Athens tomorrow.
He returns from Rome tomorrow.
My children live in Rome.
I didn't do a good job today.
Tom is quite hard on himself.
I did it and I would do it again.
Tom is probably really tired.
I decided it wasn't too late.
Tom is in no hurry to retire.
I dare you to prove me wrong.
Tom is in a stable condition.
I couldn't do that to myself.
Tom is going to replace Mary.
I consider that a good thing.
Tom is doing a wonderful job.
I consider myself one of you.
Tom is back where he belongs.
I can't worry just about you.
Tom is an honor roll student.
I can't wait until next week.
Tom is an avid tennis player.
I can't wait to meet you all.
Tom is always in a good mood.
Let's hold that thought.
Mary is a brilliant scientist.
Tom's biological parents gave him up for adoption.
Tom is a career criminal.
He loved everything about her.
She loved everything about him.
The water on the road was just a mirage.
Tom wants to become a priest.
Tom talked about becoming a monk.
Tom was not interested in her.
Mary was not interested in him.
"Are you a movie star now?" "No, silly."
I was afraid to ask her out.
She really caught my attention.
He really caught my attention.
She was dressed to impress.
Tom left for work earlier than usual.
We live in a very complicated world.
Tom didn't seem to be interested in what was going on.
Tom didn't seem to be interested in what I was saying.
We live in a complicated world.
You're so stuck up.
Tom gave Mary a light kiss on the cheek.
Donald Trump won the Republican nomination.
Will Tom be the next president of the United States?
I can't wait to get in there.
Tom is always helping me out.
I can't do anything about it.
Tom is a very amazing person.
I can't add anything to that.
Tom hopes to become a lawyer.
I can relate to how you feel.
Tom has released a new album.
I believe that I belong here.
Tom has put out three albums.
I agree with you on this one.
Tom has never had a mustache.
I agree completely with that.
Tom has never been in prison.
I've still got to do my job.
Tom has made a full recovery.
I've still got things to do.
Tom has had such a hard life.
I've met so many new people.
Tom has been very successful.
Tom isn't in any hurry to retire.
We have to stay focused.
It's an honor to know him.
You're my kind of people.
More than eight percent of Iceland's population is in France at the moment to watch their national team play in the European Championship. Iceland is so deserted right now that it looks like Iceland.
Tom, please respect other people's culture, if you want yours to be respected.
The British pound has plunged to its lowest level since 1985.
Yerba mate became a hit in Korea.
Has the new coach improved the team's quality?
I've known that a long time.
Tom has been very respectful.
I've heard that joke before.
Tom has been given a warning.
I've had a pretty good life.
Tom has a brother named John.
I've got to do this tonight.
Tom has a black belt in judo.
I've got stuff I want to do.
Tom had no idea who Mary was.
I've got so much more to do.
Tom doesn't like competition.
I'm very proud of this team.
Tom does have some new ideas.
I'm very excited to be back.
Tom died from cancer in 2013.
I'm trying to figure it out.
Tom didn't take any pictures.
I'm the owner of this house.
Tom didn't stay out for long.
Your English has really improved.
When I was at high school the subjects I liked were geography and history.
I'm on my way to work now.
The fire wiped out the city.
Please come to class having reviewed the materials beforehand.
Computers as we know them today first appeared before the Second World War.
I laugh to make you happy.
You ran in the garden.
At night you sleep.
Your English has improved.
Your English has gotten better.
I'll decide later.
We can do anything except build airports.
You've spared no time and effort in helping me, for which I am very grateful.
I'm thankful for everything.
Tom didn't run the red light.
I'm still trying to do that.
Tom didn't let fear stop him.
I'm still not sure about it.
Tom didn't have to wait long.
I'm sorry I opened my mouth.
Tom didn't have to let me go.
I'm really happy to be back.
Tom didn't have long to wait.
I'm pleased with what I did.
Tom didn't have any boots on.
I'm not sure which is worse.
Tom didn't convince everyone.
I'm not sure what they want.
Tom did what he wanted to do.
I'm not sure that I like it.
Tom did this over a year ago.
I'm not supposed to do this.
Tom did a lot of good things.
The soup is in the tureen.
What's her occupation?
Please come to my office any time.
Please come to our offices any time.
We had a picnic in a green field on a small hill.
A time bomb went off at the airport and killed people.
Please contact us now.
He is looking for trouble.
I'm not here to hurt anyone.
Tom did a lot more than that.
I'm not going to let you go.
Tom deserves to take it easy.
I'm not even sure who he is.
Tom denied those allegations.
I'm just glad I got it done.
Tom claims to be an engineer.
I'm going to make this work.
Tom certainly sounds content.
I'm going to get in trouble.
Tom can't sneak up on anyone.
I'm glad you're here today.
Tom can do all that and more.
I'm glad I watched the game.
Tom asked everyone questions.
I'm glad I managed to do it.
Tom asked Mary to explain it.
I'm glad I got here on time.
Tom appears to be very smart.
I was given coffee for you.
I hope it will work.
This coin was forged.
I'm fed up with this system.
Tom and Mary were there, too.
I'm excited to be back here.
Tom and Mary were lucky kids.
I'm excited and ready to go.
Tom and Mary lost their jobs.
I'm doing what I love to do.
Tom and Mary kept their cool.
I'll think about what I did.
Tom and Mary both can't swim.
I'll have a good time there.
Tom and Mary are still bored.
I'll be glad when it's over.
Tom and Mary are now engaged.
I'd love to see that happen.
Tom and Mary are like-minded.
I'd hate to see that happen.
Tom and Mary are good people.
I'd call that a coincidence.
Tom and Mary are both thirty.
Her money was all gone.
I wouldn't want to die here.
Tom and Mary are a lot alike.
I work on that side of town.
Tom and John are Mary's sons.
I won't have to do it again.
Tom also has a crush on Mary.
I won't be staying with you.
Tom already understands that.
I won't be doing this again.
Mary is certainly attractive.
I went to a Catholic school.
Mary is absolutely beautiful.
I wasn't there at that time.
