I'm supposed to help.
You had agreed.
But people have a little hope.
Please don't tell anybody.
Please don't tell anybody about this.
Does she like her job?
I'll lend you one if you wish.
I've never waited around for gifts from fate.
Tom's wife is also a scientist.
The asteroid belt is located in the region between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter.
Tom wasn't an especially good student in high school.
The earth is not symmetrical about the equator.
Mary bought Tom a copy of "How to Win Friends and Influence People", by Dale Carnegie.
Let him speak.
Let her speak.
The Earth is tilted at an angle of 23.degrees.
I bet you can't catch me.
I am on the Internet.
I am not an owl!
I'm not an owl!
How come your Spanish is that good?
I hate being late.
I have tried to overcome my shyness, but to no avail.
Through the ages, human beings have looked up in wonder at the moon and the stars - just as I did last night.
If we have not peace within ourselves, it is in vain to seek it from outward sources.
Do you eat fish?
A family lives in a big house.
Tom and Mary awoke to find water lapping at the door of their tent.
I'm meant to be much more than what I've become.
What should I do today?
They have got to abide by the rules.
He has read War and Peace times.
She was a zealous worker for charity.
It is true that she accepted this job.
She works well, just as usual.
My pet dinosaur is gonna eat you.
She talks a lot about his father.
She talks a lot about her father.
He talks a lot about her father.
This is bullshit!
Don't bullshit me.
Who the fuck is Tom?
I'm not used to going to bed late.
For God's sake, what happened?
For the love of God, what happened?!
She committed many sins in her youth.
What the fuck is your problem?
For fuck's sake, where did I put my goddamn house keys?
I'm just messing with you.
I'm just fucking with you.
I got you a pen as a birthday present.
Black suits you.
Black looks good on you.
When my father came, I had eaten my apple.
She's a basket case.
Your mother would have been very proud of you.
Your father would have been very proud of you.
Tom would have been very proud of you.
The riches that are in the heart cannot be stolen.
The possession of wisdom leads to true happiness.
"Who's that in the corner?" "That's Tom. Don't mind him."
Who's that in the corner over there?
I hate this school.
One cannot teach wisdom to a fool.
I'm not much older than he is.
Tom stopped by a while ago.
He's an accomplished artist.
She's an accomplished artist.
I'm never going to leave you again.
Where are you taking him?
Where are you taking her?
The worst is yet to come.
Tom built a ship inside a bottle.
How can you build a ship in a bottle?
There isn't much time left.
Aside from him, nobody else came to the party.
Her mum doesn't make delicious cakes.
He doesn't surf in the Internet every day.
She doesn't surf in the Internet every day.
You don't have dinner at 8.pm.
She doesn't speak three foreign languages.
My sister doesn't work in Paris.
John and Fred don't play in a band.
Tom is planning to meet his friends at the local pub.
It doesn't take three hours to get to Rome.
His favourite team doesn't win a lot of competitions.
Her favourite team doesn't win a lot of competitions.
He's mine.
She's mine.
"Would you like to have lunch with us?" "I'd love to, but only if it's no trouble."
She's lactose intolerant.
If I'd known as much about it then as I do now, I wouldn't have agreed to do it in the first place.
The world has five oceans.
Have you finished reading that book?
Can you speak Turkmen?
I am a volunteer.
I want to drink tea.
Are you all coming back to visit me?
My book is not there.
Our new teacher is there.
This high-rise building has five lifts.
Please take the bread with the tongs, thank you.
The newcomers were quickly absorbed into the community.
Tom drank heavily in his youth, but is now a teetotaller.
Tom dabbled in cocaine in his youth.
I don't need a hot bath.
During his teens and twenties, Tom was a party animal, but he now lives a sedate life with his wife Mary, and children.
Tom is a voracious reader, and has an extensive library at home.
I can tell by the look on your face that you're not interested.
You don't have to make it look so obvious.
He is my heart.
It's the guest who makes the feast.
When I accidentally stood on the cat's tail, she hissed at me and raced out of the room.
Cats are aloof, guinea pigs are nervous, and dogs need constant love and attention.
The city library underwent extensive renovations and can now accommodate twice as many books as before.
He lives beyond his means.
She lives beyond her means.
They live beyond their means.
Tom lives beyond his means.
He warned his students.
Take that and keep it in this. Put them next to that.
Markku likes to keep abreast of things.
Hercules, an ancient Greek hero celebrated for his superhuman strength, was pursued throughout his life by the hatred of Juno, the goddess of birth, matrimony and care, worshiped as queen of gods by the Romans.
Darth Vader is running for president of Ukraine.
You have to accept the inevitable.
They accepted her into the club.
Her behaviour just isn't socially acceptable.
Are these conditions acceptable to you?
Tom is an avid hiker and likes nothing better than getting out on the bush trails whenever he can.
I don't believe in coincidences.
The Southern Ocean is considered the world's most treacherous ocean.
A foreign tourist was caught in a strong rip and swept out to sea.
You're asking me a question I can't answer.
You may answer the question.
Why won't anybody answer any of my questions?
Why were you asking me all those questions about Tom?
Why was I the only one asking questions?
Why is it out of the question?
Why have you been asking me these questions?
Why do I have to answer these questions?
Why did you ask that question?
Why can't you answer any of my questions?
Why are you asking so many questions?
Why are you asking me these questions?
Why are you asking all these questions?
Why are the police questioning Tom?
What's your next question?
What's with all the questions?
What's the first question that comes to your mind?
What's the answer to my question?
What questions did they ask?
What kind of questions do you want to ask?
What kind of questions do you want me to answer?
What kind of questions do you think Tom will ask?
What kind of questions did Tom ask you?
What kind of a question is that?
Well, that's a difficult question.
Well, I guess that answers that question.
We've got some questions for you.
We've been asking the wrong kind of questions.
We'll contact you if we have any further questions.
We'll call if we have any further questions.
We'll be in touch if we have any further questions.
We'd like to ask you some questions.
We'd like to ask you a few questions.
We'd like to ask you a few questions about Tom.
We'd like to ask you a couple of questions.
We'd just like to ask you a few questions.
We wanted to ask Tom some questions, but he's gone.
We still have some questions.
We need to ask you some questions.
We need to ask you a few questions.
We have some questions we want to ask you.
We have some questions to ask you.
We have some questions that we'd like to ask you.
We have just a few more questions.
We have a few questions for you.
Tom would like to ask you some questions.
Tom would like to ask you and Mary some questions.
Tom would like to ask you a couple questions.
Tom will probably be able to answer your question.
Tom was questioned by the police.
Tom was puzzled by the question.
Tom was confused by the question.
Tom was caught off guard by the question.
Tom was caught off guard by Mary's question.
Tom wants to ask you some questions.
Tom wanted to ask Mary one more question.
Tom wanted to ask a question, so he raised his hand.
Tom told me to answer all your questions.
Tom thought it was a dumb question.
Tom tends to get angry if you ask a lot of questions.
Tom tends to ask a lot of questions.
Tom started to answer the question and then realized it was a rhetorical question.
Tom should be able to answer your question.
Tom seems to be asking himself that same question.
Tom seemed surprised by the question.
Tom says he won't answer any questions.
Tom says he wants to ask me a lot of questions.
Tom said you'd ask a lot of questions.
Tom said it was out of the question.
Tom said he wanted to ask me a personal question.
We are aware of the error and are working on a solution.
Tom said he needed to ask me a few more questions.
Tom often asks stupid questions.
Tom often asks questions he already knows the answers to.
Tom may be able to answer the question.
Tom left before I could ask any questions.
Tom knew better than to ask such a stupid question.
Tom kept asking me questions the whole time.
Tom just wants Mary to answer some questions.
Tom is unquestionably the oldest person here.
Tom is the oldest person here, no question about it.
Tom is now being questioned by the police.
Tom is good at tennis, no question about it.
Tom is going to ask you some questions.
Tom is being questioned by the police.
Tom is always asking stupid questions.
Tom has already been questioned by the police.
Tom ignored Mary's question.
Tom hasn't yet answered any of my questions.
Tom has the answer to your question.
Tom has never asked me any questions.
Tom has been asking questions.
Tom has a few questions to ask.
Tom handed Mary a list of questions.
Tom gave that question serious thought.
Tom finally asked the question he wanted to ask.
Tom doesn't seem too willing to answer questions.
Tom didn't want to answer my question.
Tom didn't want to answer Mary's question.
Tom didn't seem to understand the question.
Tom didn't actually answer the question.
Tom decided not to answer the question.
Tom couldn't answer the question.
Tom couldn't answer that question.
Tom couldn't answer my questions.
Tom asked you a question. Please answer it.
Tom asked us several questions.
Tom asked too many stupid questions.
Tom asked me the same question.
Tom asked me all sorts of questions.
Tom asked Mary three more questions.
Tom asked Mary some questions, but she refused to answer them.
Tom asked Mary questions that she couldn't answer.
Tom asked Mary a question she couldn't answer.
Tom asked a lot of questions I didn't know the answers to.
Tom answered the questions.
Tom answered the next question on the list.
Tom answered the first question on the list.
Tom answered all the questions on the list.
Tom answered all my questions.
Tom already knows the answer to that question.
Those are questions that I can't answer.
Those are questions I can't answer.
Those are all the questions I'm going to answer right now.
These are good questions.
These are difficult questions.
These are all good questions.
There's only one question left to ask.
There's one question I would like to ask you.
There's no time for questions.
There's no question that Tom was the thief.
There's no question that this is what we should be doing.
There'll be plenty of time for questions later.
There are still too many unanswered questions.
There are still some unanswered questions.
There are still so many unanswered questions.
There are still a lot of unanswered questions.
There are some questions I have to ask Tom.
There are going to be a lot of questions.
There are always questions.
There are always a lot of questions.
There are a lot of questions that need answering.
There are a lot of questions I need to ask you.
There are a few more questions I'd like to ask you.
The police want to question you.
The police haven't questioned Tom yet.
The police have picked Tom up for questioning.
The police are asking everyone questions.
The next question is for Tom.
The answer to both questions is no.
The answer to all three questions is yes.
That's the wrong question.
That's the same question I asked you.
That's the same question I've been asking myself.
That's one question I haven't been able to answer.
That's one question I can't answer.
That's not a fair question.
That's not a bad question.
That's completely out of the question.
That's an offensive question.
That's an interesting question.
That's an excellent question.
That's absolutely out of the question.
That's a very personal question.
That's a very difficult question to answer.
That's a ridiculous question.
That's a reasonable question.
That's a really good question.
That's a question we've all been asking ourselves.
That's a question we're all asking ourselves.
That's a question that only Tom can answer.
That's a question that I can't answer.
That's a question that I can answer.
That's a question no one seems to be able to answer.
That's a question I've asked myself.
That's a legitimate question.
That's a great question.
That's a good question to ask.
That's a fascinating question.
That's a dumb question.
That's a complicated question.
That's a big question.
That was a question Tom dreaded answering.
That was a question Tom didn't want to answer.
That was a question I should've asked before.
That was a dumb question.
That still doesn't answer my question.
That question isn't appropriate.
That question is extremely difficult.
That doesn't really answer the question.
Stop avoiding the question.
Stop asking Tom so many questions.
Stop asking so many questions.
Please stop asking so many questions.
Please don't ask me any more questions.
Please ask only one question at a time.
Perhaps I can answer that question.
Now, let me ask you a question.
No one's ever questioned my methods before.
No one's ever questioned my loyalty before.
No one's ever questioned my judgment before.
No one's ever questioned my decisions before.
No one's ever questioned my authority before.
This work will certainly continue until the end of the week.
No one wants to answer that question.
No more questions, please.
May I ask you some questions?
May I ask you just three more questions?
May I ask Tom a few questions?
May I ask a stupid question?
May I ask a quick question?
May I ask a personal question?
Let's start with an easy question.
Let's see if Tom has any questions.
Let me ask you one question.
Let me ask you a stupid question.
Let me ask another question.
Let me ask a stupid question.
It's not my place to question Tom's methods.
It's not my place to question Tom's loyalty.
It's not my place to question Tom's judgment.
It's not my place to question Tom's decisions.
It's not a trick question.
It's not a rhetorical question.
It's not a question of what I want. It's a question of what's best for everyone.
It's just a simple question.
It's a yes or no question.
It's a very serious question.
It's a simple question.
It's a questionable policy.
It's a question of will power.
It's a question of principle.
It's a question of integrity.
It's a legitimate question.
It's a difficult question.
It's a complicated question.
It was Tom that asked the question.
It was an innocent question.
It was a yes or no question.
It was a trick question.
It was a silly question.
It was a ridiculous question.
It was a rhetorical question.
It was a question of ethics.
It was a question none of us could answer.
It was a difficult question to answer.
It was a complicated question.
It all comes down to a question of time.
It all comes down to a question of money.
It all comes down to a question of loyalty.
Is this a trick question?
Is that a trick question?
Is that a serious question?
Is that a rhetorical question?
It was Tom who asked the question.
Public speaking is considered to be the world's number one fear.
If you want to ask me questions about that, you may.
If you have any questions, please call.
If you have any questions, let me know.
If you have any questions, just ask.
If you have any questions, just ask Tom.
If you have any questions, feel free to call.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask.
If you have any questions, don't hesitate to call.
It almost sounds like you miss Tom.
If you have any more questions, please don't hesitate to call.
If I have any others questions, may I call you?
If I have any more questions, I'll let you know.
I've got some questions for you.
I've got a lot of questions I need to ask you.
I've been asking myself that same question.
I'm still waiting for you to answer to my question.
I'm still waiting for an answer to my question.
I'm not used to having people question my methods.
I'm not used to having people question my loyalty.
I'm not used to having people question my judgment.
I'm not used to having people question my decisions.
I'm not used to having people question my authority.
I'm going to have to ask you a few questions.
I'm afraid what you're asking me to do is out of the question.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you some questions.
I'm afraid I need to ask you a few questions.
I'll only answer your questions if you answer mine.
I'll be in touch if I have any more questions.
I'll answer your questions if you'll answer mine.
I'd like to start by asking you a question.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about Tom.
I'd like to ask Tom a question or two.
I'd just like to ask Tom a few more questions.
I wonder what the next question will be.
I won't answer any more questions until I talk to my lawyer.
I won't answer any more questions right now.
I won't answer any more of your questions.
I was wondering if we might ask a few questions.
I was wondering if I could ask you a question.
I was just going to ask you the same question.
I want to ask Tom some questions.
I thought maybe you could answer a few questions for me.
I suggest you don't ask Tom those questions.
I suggest you don't ask Tom so many questions next time.
I still have so many questions to ask you.
I question Tom's motives.
I need to ask you some questions about Tom.
I need to ask a few questions.
I need to ask a few more questions.
I know you must have a million questions.
I know you must have a lot of questions.
I know what the next question will be.
I just have a few more questions.
I have just a few more questions.
I've already answered that question.
I have to ask you a really important question.
I have to ask you a question.
I have to ask you a few questions.
I have some questions to ask you.
I have some questions I'd like to ask Tom.
I have some questions I need to ask Tom.
I have some more questions.
I have one question.
I have one more question.
I have one last question.
I have no intention of answering that question.
I have just one more question.
I have just a few questions.
I have a question to ask all of you.
I have a question I was going to ask Tom, but I forgot to ask it.
I have a question I need to ask you.
I have a question I need to ask Tom.
I have a few questions for both of you.
I guess a kiss is out of the question.
I got three questions wrong on today's test.
I don't want to answer that question.
I don't have time to answer any questions.
I don't have time to answer all those questions.
I didn't anticipate that question.
I asked Tom a few questions.
I already answered that question.
Have the police questioned you yet?
Has Tom been asking you questions about me?
Do you want to ask me some questions?
Do you want me to repeat the question?
Do you remember the question?
Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?
Do you mind if I ask you a couple of questions?
Do you mind if I ask a few questions?
Do you have time for one more question?
Do you have any questions or comments?
Do you have any questions before we get started?
Do you have any questions about what needs to be done?
Do you have any other questions you'd like to ask?
Do you have any other questions you want to ask me?
Do you have any other questions about the matter?
Did you want to ask me any questions?
Did you answer Tom's question?
Did Tom ask you any questions?
Did Tom ask Mary any questions?
Did Tom ask any questions?
Did Tom answer all your questions?
Did the police ever question you?
Could you repeat the question, please?
Could you answer a question for me?
Could we ask you a few questions?
Could I just ask one simple question?
Could I ask you a question?
Could I ask you a few questions about Tom?
Can you answer the question, please?
Can we ask you a few questions?
Can we ask some more questions now?
Can I ask you another question?
Can I ask you a couple of questions?
Can I ask one more question?
Before we get started, are there any questions?
Before we begin, are there any questions?
Before I answer your question, please answer mine.
Asking questions is a good way to learn.
Ask me the first question that pops into your mind.
Are you questioning my plan?
Are you questioning my orders?
Are you questioning my motives?
Are you questioning my methods?
Are you questioning my loyalty?
Are you questioning my judgment?
Are you questioning my judgment on this matter?
Are you questioning my integrity?
Are you questioning my decision?
Are you questioning my authority?
Are there any other questions?
Are there any more questions?
All your questions will be answered.
There is easy access to the beach.
She accidentally tore the page.
Emma was quite easily the nicest user I've ever met here, and I've met quite a number of rather nice people in this community! In fact, the majority of you are quite nice, but Emma took it to a new level.
I've got to the point now where my skills have plateaued.
I was three. I woke up lying on my living room floor, struggling to remember who and where I was. Once my mom came in the room I remembered. It was dinner time, and I hated that my favourite green beans were being cooked.
A nice lady took me into a huge, gigantic – аt least from a 3-year-old's perspective – room, with tall shelves filled with toys. And I was sitting there, in one place, for I have no idea how long, but probably for a colossal minutes or so, and then I just started crying like I've never cried before (or at least that's how my mom described it to me). Ladies from the kindergarten tried to calm me, but there was no use. Fortunately, my mother was still there, talking with a parent of another kid, so she came to me and took me home. And they decided to never take me there again until I was or so.
What will be my legacy?
Who was Abraham?
What will change everything?
I will try to answer it.
The Bermuda Triangle is a mysterious place.
Turkey is key.
Why do you want to go to Turkey?
Which bee has bit you?
What bee has stung you?
We didn't do anything productive during these vacations.
The horse is not white.
This horse is white.
That horse is white.
This horse is not white.
That horse is not white.
You're a doctor.
She's a doctor.
We're doctors.
You're doctors.
They're doctors.
I did it on account of you.
Are you an Ethiopian?
She's a good woman.
Tom couldn't work out why Mary didn't turn up, as arranged.
Mary was annoyed when Tom turned up unannounced, because it wasn't a convenient time for her.
The boy loves this beautiful girl.
When Tom visited Mary unannounced, she opened the door with no makeup on and her hair in rollers.
It is finished.
We bought a used truck.
Tom, do you promise to still love me, despite what I'm about to tell you?
I'm afraid I don't understand that.
Can you distinguish between Americans and Canadians?
It's best if you can read the source material before seeing a movie.
Is yogurt okay to eat if it's one month past the 'best before' date?
Yes, she's at home.
I'm going to go tomorrow no matter what.
Yes, he's at home.
Today is April Fools, so I'm telling nothing but lies.
Tomorrow is a long-awaited payday!
"It was worth the two-hour wait." "Yeah! I'll cherish this signature for a lifetime."
You have "lies" written all over your face.
At the end of the year in Japan, concerts of Beethoven's Ninth are held in various regions as if it's an annual event.
Even though he has become boss of the company, Mr Yamada is unassuming. That's probably why he is liked by everyone.
How come you don't ring or call around anymore? Have I done something to offend you?
When I was a kid, I remember my mother used to stay awake all night waiting for my older brother to come home.
Leave the thinking up to me.
A tsunami warning has been issued in Chile after a magnitude 8.earthquake struck miles off the coast.
Tom, get down from that tree!
Get down from that tree!
Tom, what are you doing up in that tree?
What are you doing up that tree?
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday are the days of the week.
I don't want to get in the way.
My car's over there.
"Mom, can I watch TV?" "No, you can't Tom." "Dad, can I watch TV?"
Many families eat dinner while watching TV.
You thought I wouldn't notice?
Did you think I wouldn't notice?
Welcome to my house, finally.
I shaved and cut myself.
Don't you think he's cute?
Don't you think she's cute?
She's never had a boyfriend.
He's never had a girlfriend.
You think he's cute, don't you?
You think she's cute, don't you?
I never had the chance to say goodbye.
I didn't know that Tom talked about me like that behind my back.
I have never stolen anything in my life!
What else could it be?
You're free to go.
He is not wrong.
Is there anything you're not telling me?
My father cuts the wood with a saw.
Mary's washing machine broke down a week after the warranty had run out.
Tom rang to say he was just about to come over.
Tom found he was less depressed when he spent more time with happy, positive people who had a good sense of humour.
If only there was more time.
Have you already been to Nara?
She sniffed out his true intentions, huh.
She got wind of his true intentions, huh.
The rain stopped and the sky became bright.
The opposite of peace is war.
"Where does your father in law live?" "In the house which stands beside my brother in law's house."
Don't get greedy and eat too much.
This is how to cook rice.
That play was popular.
That play had good ratings.
It's your turn to deal.
Tom was a no-show for the third week in a row.
You have the right to abstain from serving as witnesses.
Tom tends to be a bit grumpy.
Tom was an excellent MC at his friend's wedding reception, and a great night was had by all.
A tenancy agreement is a legally binding document between a landlord and their tenant.
Tom got very annoyed about his landlord turning up unannounced several times in a couple of months.
Understanding that is not simple.
Understanding one another is important.
I've been living here for the past ten years.
She has a mysterious air about her.
This building is extremely large.
This building is huge.
I am supporting my family.
You're not actually suggesting that I go out with another girl, are you?
You should suggest something like these to Tom.
Where do you suggest we put this?
Where do you suggest we go?
What you're suggesting won't work.
What I was going to suggest was that Tom go to the supermarket and buy some ice cream.
What did Tom suggest we do?
We have evidence to suggest that maybe Tom was involved.
Wasn't it your suggestion to Tom that he sell that car?
Tom's doctor suggested that he take a vacation and relax a bit.
Tom, as your friend, I suggest you go home now.
Tom will do as you suggested.
Tom was the person who suggested we try it this way.
Tom was the one who suggested that we raise prices.
Tom was the one who suggested we try it this way.
Tom wanted to open the box right away, but I suggested we wait until Mary got here.
Tom suggested wearing warm clothes.
Tom suggested we go to a movie.
Tom suggested we get together for a drink later.
Tom suggested ways we could save money.
Tom suggested to Mary that she offer John a cup of coffee.
Tom suggested that you might enjoy going to the zoo with us.
Tom suggested that what Mary did was intentional.
Tom suggested that we take a short rest.
Tom suggested that we should postpone our trip.
Tom suggested that we should leave earlier than we'd originally planned.
Tom suggested that we help you pull weeds.
Tom suggested that we go to that new Chinese restaurant on Park Street.
Tom suggested that we go for a swim.
Tom suggested that we give it a try.
Tom suggested that we postpone the meeting.
Tom suggested that they convert the old church into a concert hall.
Tom suggested that the meeting be postponed until Monday.
Tom suggested that since Mary didn't want to go, he should just stay home with her.
Tom suggested that Mary sing the new song she'd been practicing.
Tom suggested that I write a message to Mary.
Tom suggested that I should clean my office.
Tom suggested that I paint my room a light blue.
Tom suggested that I not send the letter I'd written.
Tom suggested that I might want to take all my money out of that bank.
Tom suggested that I go to Boston with him.
Tom suggested I go with him to Boston.
Tom suggested that I change the lock on my door.
Tom suggested going to Boston for the summer.
Tom suggested going to another supermarket instead.
Tom suggested a plan similar to mine.
Tom suggested a few names Mary could give her cat.
Tom made his suggestion very tactfully.
Tom made a useful suggestion.
Tom has suggested one possible solution.
Tom couldn't help feeling that it was more than just a suggestion.
There's no evidence to suggest that Tom was the thief.
There's no evidence to suggest that Tom was the killer.
There's no evidence to suggest that Tom has been anything other a good father.
There seems to be evidence suggesting Tom was responsible for Mary's death.
There seems to be evidence suggesting Tom was the one who stole Mary's bracelet.
That's a pretty good suggestion.
Please send all comments and suggestions to Tom Jackson.
On their way back home, Tom suggested that they stop and get something to eat.
My suggestion for now is that we let Tom do what he wants.
It was Tom who suggested this course of action.
It was Tom who first suggested that we hire Mary.
It was Tom who first suggested that this might be the problem.
It was Tom who first suggested that this might be the cause.
It was only a suggestion, not an order.
Is that what Tom suggested you should do?
If you've got a problem with that, I suggest you talk to Tom about it.
If you don't like Tom Jackson, I can suggest another lawyer.
I'm willing to listen to any suggestions you might have.
I'm going up to the bar for a drink, and I suggest you do the same.
I'll do as you suggested.
I'd suggest that you give that to me.
I'd suggest that Tom talk to somebody about his depression.
I'd suggest you order beef instead of chicken.
I'd suggest that Tom not do that anymore.
I was the one who suggested that Tom hire a bodyguard.
I think Tom is suggesting that we should leave.
I think it's a good idea and we should do as Tom suggests.
I suggested to Tom that we should leave early.
I suggest you stop asking irrelevant questions.
I suggest you stop asking so many stupid questions.
I suggest you shut up.
I suggest you read what's written on that piece of paper I gave you.
I suggest you pretend you're asleep.
I suggest you not talk so loud.
I suggest you not say anything else.
I suggest you keep your voices down.
I suggest you go to the hospital with Tom.
I suggest you come back home immediately.
I suggest you ask Tom.
I suggest you ask Tom that question.
I suggest you and Tom don't talk about Mary.
I suggest we take Tom's advice and go home.
I suggest we skip this part.
I suggest we go outside and see what's happening.
I suggest we get away from here as soon as possible.
I suggest we finish this tomorrow.
I suggest that you hurry if you plan to catch the next train.
I suggest that you apologize to Tom.
I suggest that maybe Tom should take Mary home now.
I strongly suggest that you study harder.
I strongly suggest that you get yourself another lawyer.
I never suggested or even hinted that it was Tom who stole Mary's necklace.
I hope you're not suggesting that I did that on purpose.
Did any evidence even suggest that Tom could have been the person who killed Mary?
Can I make a couple of suggestions?
As suggested, I'll call Tom.
Are you suggesting that you shouldn't have to do what everyone has to do?
Are you suggesting that Tom killed all those people?
Are you suggesting that Tom doesn't really hate Mary?
Are you suggesting that Tom can't do the job by himself?
Are you suggesting that I not attend the meeting?
Are you seriously suggesting that Tom is from another planet?
His book is red.
Their car is not good.
She is a good student.
Most men think like that.
I hate mosquitoes, but they seem to love me.
Mom, let's go! I don't wanna be here.
No way! She can't have missed the flight.
Just days left before my trip.
Tom's a keen hiker and bird watcher.
Tom was just about to go out when he got a phone call, which made him late for his meeting.
You must have been very busy doing your home renovations yourself, as well as working full-time.
Tom had to tell his brother that he couldn't afford to attend his wedding.
Tom is currently doing his house up so he can sell it.
They're eating brioche bread.
You could hang me if I'm lying.
That's a Jewish cult.
Tom didn't give me a chance to explain what I meant.
The doctors were up in arms about their proposed new contracts.
Whether or not Tom gets the job in Boston is still very much up in the air.
You just need to stand there without moving.
Your secretary seems to know the truth.
A happy life primarily consists of freedom from worry.
Allah is the greatest.
God is great.
There's one thing I didn't mention.
There's one thing I forgot to mention.
When Tom saw his reflection in a shop window, he realised how much like his mother he was becoming.
She had a beautiful smile.
Mary has a beautiful smile.
Tom is becoming more like his mother every day.
Tom and Mary bought a house in the suburbs.
You don't intend going there, do you?
Would you like to go see a movie or something?
Tom dropped out of school to work full-time.
Don't just stand there. Come on in.
Up to last week, Tom had never been on a plane.
Tom is very protective of his daughter.
Mount Olympus is the highest mountain in the solar system.
Mary had no reason to suspect that Tom was two-timing her.
Tom waved goodbye to his friend.
I was gonna ask that same question.
Canned food doesn't interest him.
How much come we know each other?
Do you want to go somewhere?
Do you want to go somewhere? Tom's coming, too.
He tried.
I have a Dreamcast.
I'm playing with my Dreamcast.
Mary is one of the prettiest girls in the whole school. Despite that, she's never had a boyfriend.
Very few people know what their blood group is.
Scratch a cynic and you'll find a disappointed idealist.
We call scriptures the sacred books of our holy religion, as distinguished from the false and profane writings on which all other faiths are based.
All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusions is called a philosopher.
Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue.
Woman would be more charming if one could fall into her arms without falling into her hands.
Responsibility is a detachable burden that can easily be shifted to the shoulders of God, Fate, Fortune, Luck or one's neighbor. In the days of astrology it was customary to unload it upon a star.
In each human heart are a tiger, a pig, an ass and a nightingale. Diversity of character is due to their unequal activity.
Love is a temporary insanity curable by marriage or by removal of the patient from the influences under which he incurred the disorder.
A man is known by the company he organizes.
To abscond means to move in a mysterious way, commonly with the property of another.
Absence blots people out. We really have no absent friends.
An absurdity is a statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.
Admiration is our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
"I won't let you hurt my friends!" "I wasn't going to hurt your friends."
Yeah, let's go!
Don't be nervous! This class is easy!
This remains untold.
A battle is a method of untying with the teeth a political knot that would not yield to the tongue.
Beauty is the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Don't go near that!
A coward is someone who, in a perilous emergency, thinks with his legs.
A bore is a person who talks when you wish him to listen.
A clairvoyant is a person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that which is invisible to her patron — namely, that he is a blockhead.
A convent is a place of retirement for women who wish for leisure to meditate upon the sin of idleness.
Death is not the end. There remains the litigation over the estate.
Edible means good to eat, and wholesome to digest, as a worm to a toad, a toad to a snake, a snake to a pig, a pig to a man, and a man to a worm.
Experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age.
A fork is an instrument used chiefly for the purpose of putting dead animals into the mouth.
Stop asking yourself useless questions.
"It was worth the two-hour wait, huh." "Yeah! I'll cherish this autograph for the rest of my life."
Cement hardens in 2-hours.
I missed the movie. Did you watch it?
Can you tell me, how come that blind golfer is so successful?
I usually don't like sweet things, but I will try one of your cookies.
So, I should try to do that, right?
I might try to do that.
This should be attempted.
Someone should try this.
I guess it's best I try to do this.
"Tom and Mary - A Tragedy in Five Acts" is the title of Mary's latest autobiographical work.
I'm grateful for what you did.
This squirrel is afraid of heights.
I had no idea what to say.
This can only end in tears.
A drop of sweat ran down Tom's face.
A drop of sweat ran down Tom's back.
A drop of sweat ran down her brow.
A drop of sweat ran down the side of his temple.
A drop of sweat ran down his forehead.
A drop of sweat ran down his back.
A drop of sweat ran down his neck.
A drop of sweat ran down his side.
A drop of sweat ran down his nose.
A drop of sweat ran down his temple.
A drop of sweat ran down his cheek.
On the following Sunday, I'll have time.
I don't think it's a big deal.
Have you noticed that Kyoto and Tokyo are anagrams?
We don't know what to do.
I'm not convinced that you're telling the truth.
I'm not convinced that Tom is telling the truth.
They abandoned Tom on the island.
What's the worst thing that could possibly happen?
A prisoner has escaped.
Democracy originated in Ancient Greece, but where did phallocracy come from?
You won't find them at this price anywhere else in Boston.
You don't need to lower the price. People will pay what you're asking.
You can't put a price on a life.
Wow, look at these prices!
Where else are you going to find a guitar of this quality for such a reasonable price?
What would a good price for that be?
What price did you have to pay for that?
We paid a fair price for it.
We do have something which is more in your price range.
We can't lower the prices any further and still make a profit.
We can haggle over price later.
Tom wondered why soybean prices were dropping.
Tom won't be able to sell his car for that price.
Tom was wearing a hat which still had the price tag attached.
Tom was happy because he was able to buy his golf clubs at half price.
Tom told you the wrong price.
Tom recommended a reasonably-priced hotel.
Tom put up a notice about the change in price.
Tom paid the ultimate price.
Tom negotiated a lower price.
Tom looked at the price tag once again.
Tom looked at the price tag and shook his head.
Tom leaned over to look at the price tag.
Tom Jackson is one of the world's highest-priced tax consultants.
Tom is good at bargaining the price down.
Tom drove across town to a supermarket that sold things at cheaper prices than the supermarket near his house.
Tom couldn't afford a high-priced lawyer.
Today, we're selling that at twenty-five percent off our usual price.
Today you can get two for the price of one.
Ticket prices are up three percent since last year.
This store hasn't raised prices in years.
This place is overpriced.
This isn't for sale at any price.
This is well worth twice the price I'm asking.
This is a priceless masterpiece.
They're just out of my price range.
They claim that prices will go down if production increases.
There's been a corresponding increase in wholesale prices.
There's been a an increase in wholesale prices.
The store where we used to buy those started charging outrageous prices, so we had to find another store.
The store is closing soon and is offering everything at half price.
The store I bought this at sells it for the same price, but has better service.
The quality is good enough and more importantly it's in your price range.
The price was right.
The price tag says one thing, but the dealer will give it to me for a little less.
The price tag is still on the shirt Tom is wearing.
The price of milk has soared in the last month.
The price of coffee has doubled since then.
The price is very high.
The price is three hundred dollars.
The price is three hundred, not two.
The price is a little high for me.
The price has gone up.
The price doesn't matter.
The place where we used to buy that has increased their prices.
The drinks are half price until six.
That's the price of success.
That's the best price you'll get around here.
That's a steal at twice the price.
That's a small price to pay.
That's a reasonable price.
That's a good price.
That store had to reduce their prices.
That restaurant is probably a little pricey.
Tell me your price.
Give Tom another chance.
Quote me your best price.
Prices have risen quite a lot in the past few years.
Prices are higher here than in Australia.
Price isn't an issue.
Please show me your price list.
People often complain about high prices.
Over $million in priceless art was stolen from that museum last year.
Our stock prices have gone down 30%.
Nobody I know ever paid sticker price for a car.
Look at the price tag.
Let's go to a store with lower prices.
Land prices seem to just keep going up.
Just name your price.
Items with a red price tag are on sale.
It's worth the price.
It's not a matter of price.
It's difficult to put a price on a human life.
It's a steal at twice that price.
It's a bit pricey.
It was a fair price.
It seems overpriced to me.
It really is a good price.
If the sale price is good, Tom said he might buy two pairs of shoes.
I'm doubling my prices.
I'll sell you this at a very reasonable price.
I'll sell this to you if you're willing to pay the price.
I'll knock three dollars off the price per unit.
I'll give you a fair price.
I'll be raising my prices by three percent next month.
I'd consider buying that if you'd sell it to me for a reasonable price.
I'd be taking a loss at that price.
I think that thirty dollars is too high a price to pay for this.
I think that hotel is going to be a little pricey for you.
I think it's worth the price.
I offered 30% less than the asking price.
I know it's a little pricey, but I think we should buy it anyway.
I knew it was out of our price range, but I wanted to buy it anyway.
I hope we can keep prices down.
I have lots of second-hand books for sale, all at affordable prices.
I don't want to think about the price of gasoline.
I don't think it's worth the price they're asking.
I didn't have to pay the full price.
I can't see the price tag.
I bought it at a reduced price.
Have you checked our stock price recently?
For that price, you should be able to get something better.
Food prices have been going up.
Even Tom thinks that the price is too high.
Don't you have something that isn't out of my price range?
Don't you have something in my price range?
Did you and Tom discuss a price?
Can you please help me put price tags on everything?
At these prices, you won't get many students in here.
Are you accusing us of price gouging?
Selene is the goddess of the moon.
Laika, a female dog, was the first animal to be launched into orbit.
Sputnik was the first satellite to orbit around the Earth.
Sputnik 1, launched in 1957, triggered the Space Race.
But it is better to stay at home.
In his eyes she eclipses and predominates the whole of her sex.
That was his plan all along.
That was her plan all along.
That was Tom's plan all along.
It was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for her.
All emotions, and that one particularly, were abhorrent to his cold, precise but admirably balanced mind.
He never spoke of the softer passions, save with a gibe and a sneer.
They were admirable things for the observer — excellent for drawing the veil from men’s motives and actions.
The rude and arrogant son of the famous actor used to indulge in jibes at other people's expense.
Was it just a game to you?
Grit in a sensitive instrument, or a crack in one of his own high-power lenses, would not be more disturbing than a strong emotion in a nature such as his.
The clinic allowed only two visitors per patient at any one time.
I had seen little of Tom lately.
Police found drug paraphernalia in Tom's flat and took him into custody.
A footballer, who had two cervical vertebrae broken in a tackle last week, may never walk again.
If you need anything, ask for me.
Passengers for Hogwarts, please make your way to platform nine and three-quarters.
Tom lapsed into a coma and didn't regain consciousness.
The beach was closed due to shark sightings.
Tom pilots a helicopter which patrols the city's beaches, searching the waters for sharks.
Acts of violence will not be tolerated and will be responded to with appropriate disciplinary action.
Mary was the last to know that Tom was cheating on her.
She's here since five o'clock.
We know the city well.
It would be great if I could use a hyphen in my username.
You're probably the only person in Boston who has never been to this park before.
You're not taking that job in Boston, are you?
You're not moving back to Boston, are you?
You're my only friend in Boston.
You're going to Boston next week, aren't you?
You talk about Boston too much.
You should see my uncle's house in Boston.
You should really come and visit us in Boston.
You really want to move back to Boston, don't you?
You realize Tom lives in Boston now, right?
You live in Boston now, don't you?
You have to change planes in Boston.
You grew up in Boston, right?
You don't have to move to Boston.
You didn't know Tom was going to Boston, did you?
Would you like me to tell you about Boston?
Will you come to Boston with me?
Why is Tom going to Boston?
Why did Tom leave Boston?
Why aren't you in Boston anymore?
When you were in Boston, you worked with Tom, right?
When I was in Boston, I used to eat out at least once a week.
When I was a little boy, my father and I went to Boston to visit my great-grandfather.
When I first came back to Boston, I was really lonely.
When are you going back to Boston?
What's Tom doing in Boston?
What brings you to Boston?
What brings you back to Boston?
What are you doing in Boston?
We've got to get back to Boston as soon as we can.
We're on our way to Boston.
We're moving to Boston at the end of this month.
We're leaving for Boston in an hour.
We're going to send you to Boston to work in our office there.
We're going to Boston to see Tom.
We're going back to Boston.
We're expected back in Boston on Monday.
We're actually on our way to Boston.
We'll be back in Boston by 2:30.
We were together in Boston.
We went to Boston together three years ago.
We stayed an extra three days in Boston.
We should be able to find what we're looking for in Boston.
We met last year in Boston.
We left Boston at 2:yesterday.
We left Boston at 2:this morning.
We have an office located in downtown Boston.
We have a 50-minute layover in Boston.
We had a wonderful time in Boston.
We had a lot more fun in Boston than we thought we would.
We don't even know if Tom got to Boston or not.
We didn't leave Boston until 2:30.
We could use you in the Boston office.
We could drive to Boston for the weekend.
We came all the way from Boston just for your birthday party.
We ate at a restaurant just outside Boston.
Tom's letter didn't say when he'd be arriving in Boston.
Tom's family moved to Boston in 2013.
Tom wrote a letter to his brother in Boston.
Tom went to Boston just last week.
Tom went to Boston for a family reunion.
Tom was the reason Mary moved to Boston.
Tom was adopted by a couple in Boston when he was three years old.
Tom wants me to go to Boston with him to visit Mary.
Tom wanted to spend the weekend in Boston.
Tom wanted to live in a big city like Boston.
Tom visits me every time he comes to Boston.
Tom tried to remember the name of the girl he'd met in Boston.
Tom told Mary he'd visit her in Boston every weekend.
Tom thought Mary was moving to Boston, but he was mistaken.
Tom talked about growing up in Boston.
Tom stopped over in Boston for three days on his way to Australia.
Tom stopped in Boston on his way back from a business trip to Australia.
Tom should be able to tell us a little about Boston.
Tom says he's lived in Boston his whole life.
Tom says he was born in Boston.
Tom says he wants to do the same thing I did in Boston.
Tom said he would visit Mary in Boston every weekend.
Tom said he was planning on visiting an old girlfriend in Boston.
Tom said he wanted to drop in on some old friends while he was in Boston.
Tom said he had a terrible experience in Boston.
Tom rented a car and drove back to Boston.
Tom recently bought a nice house in Boston.
Tom put all his belongings in boxes and sent them to Boston.
Tom plans to catch a flight back to Boston this evening.
Tom moved back to Boston to take over his father's business.
Tom made a lot of money in Boston and then moved back to Chicago.
Tom lived with his uncle before he came to Boston.
Tom lived in the suburbs of Boston.
Tom lived in Boston for three years before moving back to Chicago.
Tom is now attending a conference in Boston.
Tom has two brothers. One lives in Boston and the other one lives in Chicago.
Tom has to stay in Boston this weekend.
Tom has never been to Boston before, so I offered to show him around.
Tom has lived in Boston for over years.
Tom has been unavoidably detained in Boston.
Tom has been in the Boston office the last three years.
Tom had a hard time making a living in Boston.
Tom got on a bus bound for Boston.
Tom goes to Boston three times a month.
Tom found a job in Boston.
Tom flew to Boston.
Tom flew in from Boston this morning.
Tom first met Mary at a cafe in Boston.
Tom drove his car to Boston.
Tom decided to go to Boston to study music.
Tom couldn't find a job he liked in Boston, so he moved to Chicago.
Tom couldn't decide whether to go to Boston or Chicago.
Tom and Mary spent their honeymoon in Boston.
Tom and Mary ran off to Boston and got married after knowing each other only a few weeks.
This is one of the best restaurants in Boston.
This is my favorite time of year in Boston.
They're still in Boston.
There's really no reason for you to go to Boston.
There's really no reason for you to come to Boston.
There must be lots of places in Boston you haven't seen yet.
There are a lot of good restaurants in Boston.
The terrorists said a nuclear device was set to go off sometime tomorrow in Boston.
The girls here just aren't as beautiful as the girls back home in Boston.
That's why you came back to Boston, right?
That's why you came back from Boston, right?
Thank you for showing me around Boston.
Someone told me that the most beautiful women in the world live in Boston.
Please call me as soon as you arrive in Boston.
Please be careful in Boston, OK?
Pack up the bags. We're going back to Boston.
One thing that I didn't like about Boston was the weather.
One thing I hate about Boston is the traffic.
My father was the same age I am now when he moved to Boston.
Maybe we should go to Boston.
Maybe we should go to Boston next summer.
Let's wait till we get to Boston.
Let's get together the next time you come back to Boston.
Let me know in advance when you're coming to Boston.
It's a lot colder in Boston than it is here.
It was unseasonably hot in Boston the last time I was there.
Is there any chance that you'll be coming to Boston this year?
Is it true that Tom was in Boston last week?
If you want to stay at my place when you're in Boston, that's OK.
If I'd known Tom was in Boston, I'd have tried to visit him.
If I hadn't come to Boston, this never would've happened.
I've heard that the most beautiful women in the world live in Boston.
I've heard that Boston is a very expensive place to live.
I've got to get up early and catch a plane to Boston.
I've got a flight back to Boston booked for this evening.
I've decided we should move to Boston.
I'm thinking of staying in Boston a little longer.
I'm planning to drive to Boston next weekend.
I'm not going to take you back to Boston with me.
I'm moving back to Boston after I graduate.
I'm looking for information about Boston.
I'm going to Boston for a few days on business.
I'm glad you stayed in Boston for an extra three days.
I'm flying back to Boston tomorrow night.
I'm driving to Boston tomorrow to visit Tom.
I'll send you a postcard from Boston.
I'll just walk around Boston and see the sights by myself.
I'll go back to Boston with Tom.
I'll come to Boston and help you with your research.
I wish I could take you back to Boston with me tomorrow.
I was thinking about our first day in Boston.
I was going to go to Boston next week, but I've changed my mind.
I was able to get a teaching job in Boston.
I wanted to buy a map of Boston.
I want to spend the whole weekend in Boston.
I used to work at a restaurant in Boston.
I used to love Boston.
I used to like Boston.
I used to hate Boston.
I tried to convince Tom to go to Boston with me.
I took Tom to my favorite restaurant in Boston.
I told you Tom wanted to go to Boston.
I thought you and Tom were going to go to Boston.
I thought Tom was supposed to be in Boston. What's he doing here?
I thought maybe you'd changed your mind about going to Boston.
I thought it would be fun to live in Boston for a year or two.
I think we can make it to Boston in about three hours.
I think Tom came to Boston when he was young.
I should've never gone to Boston without you.
I should be in Boston before noon tomorrow.
I saw Tom a couple of weeks ago in Boston.
I really want to move back to Boston.
I plan to show Tom around Boston.
I plan to move back to Boston since my whole family lives there.
I love working in Boston.
I lived in Boston for three years while I was in graduate school.
I know for sure that Tom moved to Boston a year ago.
I just picked three of these up in Boston.
I just moved from Boston and I'm still sleeping on my uncle's couch.
I just came by to tell you that I'm moving to Boston.
I hope I'll have a chance to see you the next time I'm in Boston.
I hear you're moving back to Boston.
I hear that Tom Jackson is one of the best lawyers in Boston.
I haven't yet met the family Tom lived with in Boston.
I haven't spoken to Tom since I left Boston.
I haven't been to Boston for a long time.
I have some business to do in the Boston office.
I grew up in Boston, but my wife comes from Chicago.
I drove here from Boston as soon as I heard you needed me.
I didn't see Tom again till I got back to Boston.
I didn't know Tom was planning to go to Boston.
I didn't have to pay for the plane ticket to Boston.
I decided to stay a couple extra days in Boston.
I certainly didn't expect to see you here in Boston.
I can't believe you live right here in Boston only a block from where I live.
I can always take the bus back to Boston, right?
I came to Boston three years ago and I've been living here ever since.
I called my boss in Boston and he said I could stay in Chicago for another week.
How was your trip to Boston?
Have you heard about what happened in Boston?
Have you considered trying to find a job in Boston?
Have you considered moving to Boston?
Have you considered going to school in Boston?
Have you been back to Boston?
Have you been back to Boston since you graduated?
Have you been back to Boston recently?
Guess who else moved to Boston.
Don't you remember that week we spent together in Boston?
Do you really want to leave Boston tomorrow?
Do you really think I'd rather live in Boston than Chicago?
Do you live in Boston?
Do you know how many tourists come to Boston every day?
Do you ever come to Boston on business?
Did you know Tom lived in Boston?
Did you know Tom died in Boston?
Did you hear about what happened in Boston yesterday?
Can you make it back to Boston on your own?
Boston is one of the cities that I really want to visit.
Boston is a great town.
As long as I'm going to be in Boston, I'll try to see if I can visit Tom.
Are you sure you can't buy one of those in Boston?
Are you moving to Boston?
Are we really going to Boston next week?
Apparently, Tom is going to a university in Boston.
All three of my brothers are now somewhere in Boston.
Tom is sleeping on the sofa.
Tom is a member of a motor enthusiasts' club.
Both types have advantages and disadvantages.
She bought a toaster, a coffeemaker, an egg cooker and a hand mixer.
You can change your social condition through hard work.
America has strict laws to protect human rights.
Americans could be really provincial.
Americans can be really provincial.
Americans can be very competitive.
Government has the right to kill people.
Every citizen has a security number.
America is very patriotic.
They always show their love for America.
Americans descend from immigrants, and they are very patriotic.
Sport in America is very important.
Puritanism comes from England by the first settlers.
First settlers were highly educated and set Puritanism as first American principle.
Puritans were very important.
Luther was scandalised by the sale of indulgences.
God has already decided the fate of humans.
For Calvin, God has already decided our fate.
The Church is unnecessary.
It isn't possible to determine if there's either salvation or damnation.
For Americans, you can read the Bible by your own.
In America, there's a direct study of books.
The confessional allows to negotiate on errors.
Plagarism in America is strictly punished.
Redemption is a big problem in the American culture.
An interpreter is one who enables two persons of different languages to understand each other by repeating to each what it would have been to the interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.
God has chosen to save only a few individuals.
If I'm in a pact, so is he.
He was a mediator.
Every Christian has the General Calling.
He lived in the eighteenth century.
He died at years old.
Her book is red.
Franklin convinces France to help Americans.
Franklin writes articles for his brothers' newpaper under another name.
Tom retired when he was years old.
The almanac was very useful.
Franklin's ideas formed the basis of the University of Pennsylvania.
Franklin created an ecological stove.
He signs the most important documents.
She signs the most important documents.
In Boston, they were all congregationalists.
A text could be coherent but not cohesive, and vice versa.
Ads have to attract the attention.
I do love your car, I love it.
All societies have become capitalist.
She called herself a deist.
Russia wasn't capitalist.
People buy things they don't need.
A coherent text "makes sense".
If the text doesn't make sense, it isn't coherent.
I had a huge breakfast, so I'm not really very hungry now.
We went to the cinema yesterday. We saw Star Wars.
The ball flew over the hedge because David hit it too hard.
If you don't study, you won't pass the exam.
Work hard, and you'll pass the exam.
"I left at six yesterday." "To take the train?" "No, to buy some Christmas presents."
Tell us what the text is about.
Inhumanity is one of the signal and characteristic qualities of humanity.
Painting is the art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and exposing them to the critic.
The covers of this book are too far apart.
The small part of ignorance that we arrange and classify we give the name of knowledge.
A trial is a formal inquiry designed to prove and put upon record the blameless characters of judges, advocates and jurors.
When you doubt, abstain.
When you apologize, you lay the foundation for a future offense.
A barometer is an ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.
In political geography, a boundary is an imaginary line between two nations, separating the imaginary rights of one from the imaginary rights of the other.
A bride is a woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
Germany was split in two.
Russia became communist.
Quality of life was worsening.
America rules the world.
English paragraphs are different from Italian paragraphs.
The topic of a text isn't always in the first line.
Everyone has universal possibilities.
Good and bad are just names.
Women didn't have the right to vote.
Nature is a complicated philosophy.
Never be a conformist.
The hero is male and white, he comes alone, he doesn't have a family, he never speaks of his family, and his mother died.
Women are not essential in Westerns.
They're like prostitutes.
Music and sounds are very important in movies.
Nature is not threatened by man.
Tom is wearing a new suit.
The axe is very important in American culture.
Joey is fascinated by Shane.
Both Tom and John want to go out with Mary.
The stump is like a phallus of nature.
Joe and Shane become like blood brothers.
Shane is a model for Joey.
Which of the two has the bigger penis?
Generally men in Westerns drink whisky.
Shane gets insulted.
Man should smell like a man.
Shane doesn't start a fight.
Shane shows he is a coward.
Shane is an emersonian character.
Shane shows the emersonian inner voice.
Joey doesn't understand Shane.
Joey represents the family.
Temptation has to remain invisible.
The first fight is a fair fight.
Joey considers Shane as equal as Joe.
Joey is fixated with Shane's gun.
It is as good or bad as the man using it.
For Mary, the gun is a weapon.
People would be better without guns.
Everyone in America can easily have a gun if he wants it.
In Italy you can't use a gun if the robber doesn't have a weapon.
Tory wants to show he isn't a coward.
Tory dies.
In Italy the child is a symbol of innocence.
Many Americans want to get married on the fourth of July.
Many university students were against the Vietnam War.
If you are American, you have a citizen duty for your country.
The metaphor of death is a metaphor of violence.
Every individual has to understand what is right for himself.
A cabbage is a familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head.
A circus is a place where horses, ponies and elephants are permitted to see men, women and children acting the fool.
An egotist is a person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me.
Liberty is one of imagination's most precious possessions.
Religion is a daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.
There's a trap against Joe.
Good cannot fight good.
Joe is physically stronger than Shane.
Everyone has to gain his rightful place in the valley.
Shane explains to Joey why he's leaving.
Shane is a deus ex machina.
Blue jeans are a symbol of America.
High schools in America aren't like the ones in Italy.
In America there's the same school for everyone.
The owner was also a manager.
New is better than old.
America was a mainly agricultural society.
The service sector is the most important one in the economy.
Monetary value is the dominant value in American society.
In the primary sector, you can be auto-sufficient.
Children are very important for the market.
Italy invests in small and middle industries, while America invests in large industries.
America and other colonial powers hoped for the end of the Russian Revolution.
Roosevelt dies before the end of the war.
Roosevelt is replaced by Truman.
Russia lost million people during World War II.
Stalin makes the other people worried.
A road is a strip of land along which one may pass from where it is too tiresome to be to where it is futile to go.
Selfish means devoid of consideration for the selfishness of others.
To the eye of failure success is an accident.
I think that I think, therefore I think that I am.
There is nothing new under the sun but there are lots of old things we don't know.
A turkey is a large bird whose flesh, when eaten on certain religious anniversaries, has the peculiar property of attesting piety and gratitude.
Disney films are an American vision of society.
America's task was to eliminate communism from the world.
Pinochet applied a military dictatorship.
Cuba is the nearest outpost of Soviet communism.
No ship could arrive in Cuba.
Churchill was very anti-communist.
"Gran Torino" is a modern revisitation of Western movies.
Walt is a product of the Cold War.
She lives by herself.
Walt is an ex-soldier.
He was a soldier in Korea.
She was a soldier in Korea.
He has a silver medal for his actions.
Walt's neighbours came to America right after living in Korea.
He worked in a Ford factory.
Walt has origins from Poland.
Walt's sons and grandsons are interested only in themselves.
Walt gives nothing to his family after his death.
Tom is preparing for his own death.
Walt sacrifies himself for Thao and his sister.
He redeems himself.
She redeems herself.
Walt doesn't fight violence with violence.
He sacrifies himself for the community.
She sacrifies herself for the community.
Certain values make people American.
The dog is very important.
Thao is like Joey in "Shane".
Thao will really become a man.
What is the right thing?
Vito and Pino are sons of Salvatore, and they are always fighting.
Mookie acts as a mediator between the black community and the Italian community.
The blacks have to buy beer from the Koreans.
Each type of music means something.
Mookie works only for the money.
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
An epitaph is an inscription on a tomb, showing that virtues acquired by death have a retroactive effect.
Adolescence is the stage between puberty and adultery.
The focus is on statistically significant features of lexico-grammar used within particular sub-sets of texts associated with a particular discipline.
Readers formulate expectations as to what might be happening at subsequent stages of texts.
We don't need a formal institution for preserving peace.
Churchill uses the metaphor of building a temple.
Churchill is a very conservative politician.
What is argumentation?
He was born in Rome.
Keynes participates at the Breton-Woods Conference.
James VI of Scotland is crowned as James I of England.
Scotland becomes part of the Kingdom of Great Britain.
The British Parliament is still in the Palace of Westminster.
The new Scottish Parliament is inaugurated.
The "Daily Mail" is very conservative.
The dog's sleeping in the car.
I'm in a singing group.
To decide means to succumb to the preponderance of one set of influences over another set.
A funeral is a pageant whereby we attest our respect for the dead by enriching the undertaker, and strengthen our grief by an expenditure that deepens our groans and doubles our tears.
A ghost is an outward and visible sign of an inward fear.
An accident is an inevitable occurrence due to the action of immutable natural laws.
A day is a period of twenty-four hours, mostly misspent. This period is divided into two parts, the day proper and the night, or day improper — the former devoted to sins of business, the latter consecrated to the other sort.
I do believe that he's your friend.
He went on working.
The furrier gets the skins of more foxes than asses.
Would I try to do it?
Could I try to do it?
The deluge was a notable first experiment in baptism which washed away the sins (and sinners) of the world.
Who will marry me? Only the future can say.
Join us to eat.
A critic is a person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries to please him.
The tree was sawn in pieces.
The butcher was deboning a steer carcass.
I run, run, and run.
I just run.
How can you stand this heat?
How can you stand this high temperature?
Distance is the only thing that the rich are willing for the poor to call theirs, and keep.
Tom doesn't talk with anyone.
It was because I was so busy.
I almost didn't sleep.
I didn't sleep so much.
Having a poor goal is better than lacking a goal.
An exception is a thing which takes the liberty to differ from other things of its class, as an honest man, a truthful woman, etc.
An epigram is a short, sharp saying in prose or verse, frequently characterized by acidity or acerbity and sometimes by wisdom.
I won't try to do it.
The boy repeats everything we say like a parrot.
He will have to repeat the school year.
A hermit is a person whose vices and follies are not sociable.
Life is a spiritual pickle preserving the body from decay. We live in daily apprehension of its loss; yet when lost it is not missed.
If I'm not mistaken, I think I already paid you for it last week.
These flowers are so beautiful, aren't they?
He ate a piece of the pie.
There was an explosive mixture in his head containing feelings of inferiority as well as visions of omnipotence.
This whole affair is giving me a headache.
He wanted to enlarge his sphere of influence.
Make sure you don't get Tommy mad.
How many languages are spoken on Earth?
Sometimes the nanny goat wants to go into the forest to get food. She calls all seven kids and warns them about the vicious wolf.
They had nausea.
With a lack of consultation people perish.
Perceived shyness is often simply an expression of politeness in waiting to be addressed before speaking.
In the past, I didn't know the usefulness of eternity. But now, I realize that at least it give us an opportunity to learn german.
I went home, because he was late.
Monkeys are arboreal animals which make themselves at home in genealogical trees.
Take not God's name in vain; select a time when it will have effect.
While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are safe, for you can watch both of his.
You've bought us some time.
You bought us some time.
We've got to buy some time.
We've got to buy ourselves some time here.
We've bought ourselves a little more time.
We're just trying to buy some time.
We'll buy you some time.
We need to buy some time.
We need to buy ourselves more time.
We need to buy a little time here.
Tom needs to buy himself some time.
Tom knows he has to buy time.
Tom has bought us some time.
Tom bought you some time, I hear.
They were buying time.
That'll probably buy us a little bit of time.
That'll buy us a little time.
That'll buy me some time.
That will buy us time.
That could buy us some time.
I'm just trying to buy some time.
I just thought it might buy me some time.
I just needed to buy some time.
I hope you can buy us some more time.
You're not buying this, are you?
You're not buying any of this, are you?
You don't think I bought all that, do you?
You don't buy that theory, do you?
You didn't buy that, did you?
You didn't buy that story, did you?
Tom will buy that, right?
Tom isn't buying this at all.
Tom isn't buying it for a second.
Tom isn't buying it and neither is Mary.
Tom isn't buying a word of it.
Tom is just not buying it.
Tom didn't buy that for a second.
Tom can tell Mary isn't buying it.
No one's going to buy your story.
No one's buying it.
Look, I just don't buy it.
Is Tom going to buy this?
I'm not buying it, Tom.
I couldn't get Tom to buy that, no matter what I tried.
I can't believe you're buying this.
Do you think Tom will buy it?
Do you think Tom bought that?
Do you think Tom bought it?
Did Tom buy your story?
Did Tom buy it?
Did they buy it?
Clearly, Tom isn't buying it.
But I'm still not buying it.
Are you buying that theory?
Are you buying into this?
Actually, I'm not buying it.
You're the one who bought it.
You're not really going to buy that, are you?
Tom bought it.
So, are you going to buy that or not?
You'll find another buyer.
I met another potential buyer for our house.
I hope I can find a buyer for this.
Do you have a buyer for these?
Yuck! Who'd buy this?
You're not the only one who bought one of these.
You're buying those, right?
You'll buy me a drink someday.
You'd better hurry or there won't be anything left to buy.
You should probably buy something warm to wear.
You should probably buy something to eat.
You should probably buy a ticket for Tom, too.
You should probably buy a swimsuit.
You should probably buy a hat to wear.
You should probably buy a few pairs of socks.
You should buy yourself something to eat.
You should buy yourself a new tie.
You should buy yourself a new knife.
You should buy your wife some flowers and take her out to dinner.
You should buy your mother something for Mother's Day.
You should buy one for Tom, too.
You should buy it.
You should buy it for yourself.
You should buy as many as you think you'll need.
You really should buy something for Tom.
You really should buy a new car.
You really should buy a gift for Tom.
You need to buy Tom a present.
You made me buy you that.
You made me buy that for you.
You know, maybe we should buy a computer instead.
You don't have to buy it.
You didn't buy that here, did you?
You could buy anything in this store for Mary and she'd like it.
You could at least buy a hybrid.
You could afford to buy one of those if you wanted to.
You can't buy that kind of loyalty.
You can't buy that at the local convenience store.
You can't afford to buy that, can you?
You can buy it yourself.
You can borrow my car until you make enough money to buy your own car.
You break it, you bought it.
You bought the last round of drinks. Now it's my turn.
You bought me a beer, remember? Now, let me buy you one.
You bought it from Tom, didn't you?
Would you recommend buying a house on Park Street?
Would you like to buy some lemonade?
With this much money, I could buy a very decent used car.
Why wouldn't you buy me what I wanted?
Why would you want to buy that?
Why would someone like Tom buy that?
Why don't you ever buy me stuff like that?
Why don't I just buy you a hat?
Why did you buy this?
Why did you buy so many cookies?
Why did you buy all this stuff?
Who's buying these things?
Who's paying for the gas?
Who bought you this house?
Where's the red tie I bought you?
Where's the blouse I bought you?
Where's that bottle of wine I asked you to buy?
Where do you usually buy your shoes?
Where did you buy your golf clubs?
Where did you buy that soap?
Where did you buy all this?
Where did you buy all these?
When I was thirteen, my dad bought me my own fishing boat.
When I bought this house, it was the largest house on the block.
When did you buy this cello?
When did you buy this car?
When did you buy this building?
When did you buy that from Tom?
When did Tom buy that?
When did Tom buy his truck?
What would this buy me?
What will this buy me?
What made you buy that stock?
What is it you wish to buy?
What is it you want to buy?
What is it you hope to buy?
What did you buy from Tom?
We've bought three hours at best.
We've bought our tickets already.
We've all bought stuff from that store.
We're saving money to buy a house.
We're not buying it from you.
We're not buying anything.
We're not buying anything today.
His sister is very beautiful.
We're definitely buying that house.
We're buying this place.
We're buying food for them.
We were really hoping to buy a fishing boat.
We used to buy these by the case.
We should pool all our money and buy Tom a nice gift.
We only bought enough to feed about thirty people.
We need to buy some food for our party.
We need to buy some dog food.
We need to buy a new washing machine.
We just want to buy enough for three people.
We don't have a lot of money, but we have enough to buy what we absolutely need.
We don't have to buy from that store anymore.
We could buy a nice house with our winnings.
We can buy it.
We came here to buy headphones.
We came here to buy a dress for our daughter.
We buy a lot of things from them.
We bought a couple of new chairs.
Wait until you see what I bought today.
Tom wants to buy our old car.
Tom won't let me buy any more stuff.
Tom went to the store to buy some apples.
Tom went to the hardware store to buy some nails.
Tom went to Boston to buy a painting.
Tom went out to buy a newspaper from the newsstand.
Tom went out to buy a loaf of bread.
Tom was wearing a cheap suit bought off the rack.
Tom was the one who bought my old desk.
Tom was caught buying cocaine.
Tom wants to buy that painting, but I've already sold it to someone else.
Tom wants to buy out his partner.
Tom wants to buy a motorcycle, but his parents won't let him.
Tom wants to buy a bass guitar, but he doesn't have enough money.
Tom wants his parents to buy him a pony.
Tom wanted to buy some marshmallows.
Tom wanted to buy Mary something nice for her birthday.
Tom told me that he wanted to buy his mother a pair of slippers.
Tom told me that he wanted me to buy a painting for him.
Tom told me not to buy any more.
Tom told me he wanted to buy a new battery for his car.
Tom told me he bought these for you.
Tom told me he bought a house in Boston.
Tom suggested that I wait until the new model came out before I bought an iPhone.
Tom suggested that I not buy a secondhand computer.
Tom says he wants to buy one of my paintings.
Tom says he wants to buy a house on Park Street.
Tom said that if he won the lottery, he'd buy a new house.
Tom said that he bought an old car.
Tom said he would buy it.
Tom said he would buy it if I lowered the price by thirty dollars.
Tom refuses to buy anything new.
Tom refuses to buy anything made of leather.
Tom reached into his pocket and pulled out the knife he'd bought.
Tom probably bought it with the money his father gave him.
Tom offered to buy Mary a drink.
Tom just bought a car, too.
Tom is the only one who would buy things from me.
Tom is probably buying a bus ticket right now.
Tom is out buying me some things I asked for.
Tom is here to buy some apples.
Tom is going to buy me out.
Tom helped Mary buy everything she needed.
Tom hardly ever buys things he doesn't need.
Tom gave Mary the ring he'd bought for her.
Tom found it difficult to decide which one to buy.
Tom explained to Mary why he needed to buy a new car.
Tom drove to the store and bought three cans of insect spray.
Tom didn't buy anything.
Tom didn't buy a ticket.
Tom buys us vegetables.
Tom buys our vegetables.
Tom buys all his clothes right off the rack.
Tom built a house on the land he bought three years ago.
Tom bought this truck in Boston.
Tom bought this for me in Boston.
Tom bought this building with the money his grandfather left him.
Tom bought them for me.
Tom bought the house next door to me three years ago.
Tom bought the cheapest one in the store.
Tom bought that car for three thousand dollars three months ago.
Tom bought me some roses.
Tom bought me something to drink.
Tom bought Mary some flowers.
Tom bought Mary a diamond necklace.
Tom bought Mary a car.
Tom bought Mary a box of cookies.
Tom bought it in 2013.
Tom bought it for Mary.
Tom bought gas and paid in cash.
Tom bought everything he needed in just thirty minutes.
Tom bought a VIP pass.
Tom bought a ticket to Boston.
Tom bought a ticket and went in.
Tom bought a new winter coat.
Tom bought a new car with the money he won in the lottery.
Tom bought a hula hoop.
Tom bought a few things he didn't need.
Tom bought a bottle of cheap wine.
Tom and Mary bought a house in Boston last year.
Tom and Mary bought a car for their son.
Tom and I have to buy our tickets right now.
Tom and I can't afford to buy all the things we need.
Tom and I bought that house on Park Street.
Tom also bought a dozen eggs.
This is the best money can buy.
This is a little something I bought for you.
This house was the first thing my parents ever bought together.
They were all out of apples, so I bought some bananas instead.
They said they wanted to buy my book.
They bought a house on Park Street.
They all come here to buy food.
These are what Tom bought yesterday.
These are the things Tom bought yesterday.
These are the gloves Tom bought me.
There are some things even you can't buy.
The tickets I bought are non-refundable.
The place where I bought my stove burned down.
That's where Tom bought it.
That's the reason I bought this book.
That's the car I'm going to buy.
Thanks for buying these for me.
Someone should buy a round of drinks.
So, did you buy it for Tom?
Should I buy a hybrid?
People were lined up to buy tickets.
People have been buying me drinks all night.
On my birthday, everyone in the bar was buying me drinks.
Not very many people bought the book I wrote.
Next time, you're buying.
My third husband bought me this.
My mom bought this shirt for me.
My mom bought me this shirt.
My kids bought this for me.
My kids bought me this.
My guess is Tom bought more than three.
Money can't buy you everything.
Look, you can't buy this anywhere else.
Let Tom buy a new computer if he wants to.
Let me buy you lunch.
Let me buy you gentlemen a drink.
Let me buy you all a drink.
Let me buy you a drink, too.
Let me buy you a drink sometime.
Let me buy you a beer.
Let me at least buy you a drink.
Just think what we can buy with all that money.
Just buy Tom some candy.
It's illegal to buy cocaine.
Did Tom believe it?
Did Tom purchase it?
It's been bought and paid for.
It would've been better if Tom hadn't bought Mary a gun.
It was very generous of you to buy all these things for us.
It was nice of you to buy Tom such a nice gift.
It was an impulse buy.
It sounds like you're going to buy a pony.
It looks like Tom wants to buy everything in the store.
Isn't that the same guy who wants to buy your house?
Is this what you wanted me to buy?
Is this a good time to buy a house?
Is that why you bought all this stuff?
Is that the guitar you bought from Tom?
In America, we usually buy eggs by the dozen.
In a recession, people usually only buy what they really need, like food.
If you really wanted to, you could buy me a motorcycle.
If you buy two sandwiches, I'll give you another one for free.
If we need bread and eggs, I'll buy them on my way home.
If we get out of here alive, I'll buy you anything you want.
If we don't sell it to them, they'll buy it from someone else.
If I'd had just a little more money, I could've bought that camera I wanted.
I've heard you can buy just about any kind of weapon you want here.
I've decided to buy that farm we were looking at last week.
I've been thinking about buying new towels.
I've already bought three of those.
I'm the one who bought you that jacket.
I'm planning to buy some new furniture.
I'm not quite sure whether I should buy it or not.
I'm not here to buy shoes.
I'm not here to buy anything.
I'm going to buy Tom something.
I'm finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy.
I'm buying you two lunch.
I'll never buy another one of those.
I'll just buy you another one.
I'll buy you one if you want.
I'll buy you another one if you want me to.
I'll buy you another one if you need it.
I'll buy Tom a beer.
I'll buy that back from you if that's what you want.
I'd never buy anything from Tom.
I'd like to buy three of these apples.
I'd like to buy that, but I don't have any money.
I wouldn't be caught dead buying something like this.
I would like to buy a sofa.
I wonder why no one has bought this yet.
I wonder who buys this stuff.
I went to the drug store to buy some cough medicine.
I wasn't able to buy tickets, so we can't go to the concert.
I was thinking of going out and buying a whole new wardrobe.
I was thinking of buying a home in this area.
I was thinking I'd like to buy you a pair of earrings.
I was happy to be able to help Tom buy what he needed.
I wanted to buy a house in downtown Boston, but I couldn't afford it.
I want you to buy a new suit to wear to your job interview.
I want to buy my children everything I never had.
I want to buy a new guitar case.
I want to buy a decent guitar.
I usually shop around before I buy something.
I told you I wanted to buy it.
I told Tom that I'd buy him another skateboard.
I threw away my old pillow and bought a new one.
I think you've bought enough stuff for one day.
I think you should buy yourself a new pair of shoes.
I think you should buy yourself a new dress.
I think you should buy your own.
I think we should buy a new house in another neighborhood.
I should've known better than to buy anything from Tom.
I really should buy a new car.
I really ought to buy a new car.
I only buy toilet paper made from recycled paper.
I offered to buy everything for three hundred dollars.
I never should've bought that.
I never buy sugar.
I needed that money to buy a gift for Tom.
I need to buy some school supplies.
I need to buy some new clothes.
I need to buy booze for the party.
I need to borrow some money to buy some medicine for my mother.
I need money to buy other things.
I might not be able to buy it until next month.
I liked what Tom bought, so I went out and bought one for myself.
I let Tom buy it for me.
I knew Tom didn't have enough money to buy the car he wanted.
I just bought this.
I just bought it last week.
I just bought a boat.
I heard you bought a new trombone.
I heard you bought a new house.
I heard you bought a boat.
I haven't yet bought you a Christmas present.
I have enough money to buy this.
I hardly ever buy things with cash anymore.
I gave Tom money to buy art supplies.
I finally have enough money to buy Tom that camera he's wanted.
I finally have enough money to buy the kind of car I've always wanted.
I expect you'll be able to buy as many of those as you want.
I don't want to buy it for you unless I'm sure you want it.
I don't usually buy used stuff.
I don't usually buy secondhand things.
I don't remember buying this.
I can't buy that now, because I don't have enough money.
I can't afford to buy anything in this store.
I can't afford to buy all the things I want.
I can only afford to buy a used car.
I buy stationery in bulk.
I buy canned goods in bulk.
I bought Tom's old car for $3,000.
I bought three pounds of coffee.
I bought those.
I bought this shirt at that store over there.
I bought this at a garage sale.
I bought this at a flea market for three dollars.
I bought them for you.
I bought the same toaster that Tom bought.
I bought that from a street vendor.
I bought some tennis balls.
I bought chicken, even though Tom wanted me to buy beef.
I already bought my ticket to Boston.
I agreed to buy it.
I agreed to buy it for three hundred dollars.
How much will it cost to buy that comic book?
How many tickets did you buy?
How many oranges did you buy?
How many of those did you buy?
How many of these did you buy?
How am I even going to buy this?
How am I even going to buy everything I need?
How about I buy you a drink?
Here's some money. Go buy yourself a drink.
Have you ever bought cookies from a Girl Scout?
Go buy something to eat.
Go buy a case of beer.
For your birthday, I'll buy you anything you want.
Does Tom buy you nice things?
Does that mean you're going to buy it?
Do you want to buy this?
Do you want to buy this or not?
Do you want to buy a duck?
Do you think you can buy my friendship?
Do you think I should buy this house?
Do you sell a lot of these?
Do you really want to buy all this stuff?
Do you really want to buy a car now?
Do you really think you can buy my friendship?
Do you really need to go buy stuff for the party right now?
Do you know who bought your painting?
Do you know how much sugar Tom bought?
Do you know how many eggs Tom bought?
Do you have enough money to buy what you need?
Do you have enough money to buy one?
Did you remember to buy sugar?
Did you remember to buy candles?
Did you buy this for Tom?
Did you buy these for me?
Did you buy them?
Did you buy the painting you were looking at?
Did you buy me those?
Did you buy me these?
Did you buy me anything?
Did you buy any eggs?
Did you buy a gun?
Did Tom buy a raffle ticket?
Could you buy me a drink?
Come on, show us what you bought.
Come on, let me buy you a cup of coffee or something.
Come on, I'll buy you some ice cream.
Come on, I'll buy you dinner.
Come on, I'll buy you breakfast.
Come on, I'll buy you a drink.
Come on, I'll buy you a beer.
Can you buy me a ticket?
Can people buy these?
Can I have some money to buy Tom a birthday present?
Can I buy you lunch?
Can I buy you guys a round?
Can I buy you dinner?
Can I buy you dinner tonight?
Can I buy you another drink?
Can I buy you another beer?
Can I buy you a cup of coffee?
Can I buy that from you?
Buying this painting was the smartest thing you've ever done.
Buy whatever you need.
Buy one, get one free.
Buy me a drink.
At least let me buy you dessert.
Are you thinking of buying it?
Are you still buying lottery tickets?
Are you going to buy those?
Are you going to buy that or not?
And now, I suppose you want me to buy you a new one.
Americans buy a lot of Japanese cars.
Actually, I'd like to buy one.
I am intimidated by their knowledge of languages.
Do you think Tom believed your story?
Do you think Tom believed what you said?
Do you think Tom believed what you told him?
Is it true that in England, the queen reigns, but does not govern?
Yesterday morning he went back to Rotterdam.
Halt! Stay right where you are or I'll shoot!
We had seen Jone swimming across the river.
Would my sister really try to poison me?
I feel that someone tapped my shoulder.
It has been delightful, but I must go now.
Hope that we need not to wait for a long time.
Her answer was that she never had seen that man.
My kids have all left school.
None of my grandkids have started school yet.
What do you want to be when you leave school?
Tom fell over jogging and broke his arm.
Tom fell over his dog when he was jogging and skinned his knee and the palm of his right hand.
The burglar gained access to the house through an unlocked side window.
Mary overheard Tom talking intimately to another woman on his mobile phone.
The door frame is warped and the door won't close properly.
Over time, wooden doors can warp or swell, making the door difficult to close.
The burglar gained entry through the front door, which had been left unlocked.
Tom was in a quandary about who to vote for in the election.
Tom racked up a lot of debt because he was living beyond his means.
Mary looked through the text messages on Tom's mobile phone and it became clear to her that he was having an affair.
I should know better than to buy anything from Tom.
I hope you don't mind if I can't make it to your party at the weekend.
An apple will float in water, a pear won't.
To forgive is not difficult, difficult to believe again ....
You've got to give me more time.
You've got to give it time.
You've given me nothing I can use.
You're giving me the creeps.
You're giving me a headache.
You'll give it a shot, won't you?
You wouldn't give a child a gun, would you?
You were the one who gave me that tip.
You told me to give it to Tom.
You shouldn't just give up.
You should give it a chance.
You said give it to Tom.
You never give up, do you?
You never gave up.
You never gave up on us.
You never gave Tom a chance.
You never gave me a chance.
You never gave it a chance.
You need to give Tom some money.
You mean you're just giving up?
You have to give me time.
You have given me so much.
You give me a headache.
You gave up too soon.
You gave up on me.
You gave Tom that money, didn't you?
You gave Tom my message, didn't you?
You gave me your word.
You gave me too much.
You gave me one of those on my last birthday.
You gave me one of these before.
You gave me no choice.
You gave me no chance.
You gave me hope.
You gave me days to finish this.
You gave it to us.
You gave it to me.
You gave away the ending.
You don't give up, do you?
You didn't give us a chance.
You didn't give me a chance.
You couldn't give me the money I asked for.
You could at least give me a hint.
You can't give up, Tom.
You can give Tom mine.
You can give me a ride, can't you?
Would you please give Tom a message?
Would you give up?
Would you give me a lift home?
Would you give me a hint?
Would you give me a hand?
Would you give me a break?
Would you give it a rest?
Wisdom gives us power.
Will you give it to me?
Why would Tom give up?
Why should I give it up?
Why not give us a chance?
Why give it to me?
Why give it to me now?
Why did you give up?
Why did you give it up?
Why did you give him my name?
Who's going to give me a ride?
Who should we give it to?
Who gave you this envelope?
Who gave you these?
Who gave you that shirt?
Who gave you that package?
Who gave you permission?
Who gave you my number?
Who gave them to you?
Who gave the orders?
Who gave the order?
Who gave the order to fire?
Who gave the command?
Who gave that order?
Who gave it to you?
Who gave it to me?
When I give you an order, I expect it to be carried out.
When I give an order, I expect it to be followed.
When did you give up?
When did Tom give you that?
What's Tom given us?
What'll you give me?
What help can you give me?
What have you given me?
What gives you the right to do that?
What gave you that idea?
What gave Tom that idea?
What ever gave you that idea?
What did you give up?
What did you give Tom?
What did you give me?
What did Tom give you?
What did Tom give you for Christmas?
What can you give us?
What are you going to give Tom?
What are you giving Tom for his birthday?
Well, let's give it a try.
We've given up on love.
We're not giving up.
We're giving you a choice.
We'll give you a call.
We'll give it back.
We'll give it a try.
We'd given up on you.
We'd given Tom up for lost.
We should never have given up.
We should never give up.
We pretty much gave up hope.
We never gave up.
We must not give up.
We must give it time.
We just gave up too soon.
We gave you everything you asked for.
We gave up trying.
We gave Tom what he wanted.
We gave our word.
We gave it our best shot.
We don't intend to give up.
We don't intend to give in.
We can't just give it away.
We can give it one more try.
We can give it a try.
We already gave it to you.
Tom, please give me a call.
Tom will give up.
Tom will give me that if I ask him to.
Tom went out of his way to give you a hand.
Tom weighs about pounds, give or take a few pounds.
Tom was given a medal.
Tom said he couldn't give us what we wanted.
Tom never would've given up.
Tom never gave a reason for what happened.
Tom isn't giving up yet.
Tom is not about to give up now.
Tom is giving Mary another chance.
Tom is giving Mary a tour of our factory.
Tom hasn't given up yet.
Tom has given us all this.
Tom has given us all of this.
Tom has given me some tips.
Tom had nothing to give.
Tom gave us the key.
Tom gave the homeless man some food.
Tom gave orders.
Tom gave me what I needed.
Tom gave me the go-ahead.
Tom gave me the chicken pox.
Tom gave me something to do.
Tom gave me permission to go.
Tom gave me his old one.
Tom gave me his address.
Tom gave me everything I asked for.
Tom gave me another chance.
Tom gave me a shove.
Tom gave me a second chance.
Tom gave me a big hug.
Tom gave me dollars.
Tom gave Mary an old coin.
Tom gave Mary an apple.
Tom gave Mary a warm smile.
Tom gave Mary a necklace.
Tom gave Mary a little push.
Tom gave Mary a lift home.
Tom gave Mary a gentle push.
Tom gave Mary a cold look.
Tom gave Mary a big wink.
Tom gave Mary a big smile.
Tom gave Mary a big kiss.
Tom gave it back to Mary.
Tom can't give it to you now.
Tom and I are giving up.
This is giving me a headache.
This gives me an idea.
They'll never give up.
They gave you nothing.
They gave us their word.
They gave me what I wanted.
They gave me no choice.
They gave me everything I needed.
They gave me another raise.
They gave me a good deal.
They gave it back.
They couldn't give Tom a proper burial.
The science teacher gave Tom an A.
The nurse gave you a sedative.
The nurse gave Tom a flu shot.
The doctor gave Tom morphine.
The bridge suddenly gave way.
The boss gave me a week off.
That's mine. Give it back.
That's all I can give you right now.
That man wouldn't give his name.
That guy gave me the creeps.
That girl at the bar gave you a fake phone number, didn't she?
That gave Tom an idea.
Tell Tom to give this to Mary.
Tell Tom to give Mary this.
Someone gave me Tom's number.
So, what'll you give me?
Should I give the signal?
Quick, give me that.
Please just give it to me.
Please give us your help.
Please give us room.
Please give me my medicine.
Please give me a chance.
OK, I'll give it a try.
OK, I'll give it a shot.
Oh, give me a break.
Now give me your hands.
Now give me what I want.
Now give me the list.
Now give me the keys.
Now give me the book.
Now give me back my key.
Now give it back.
Maybe they've given up.
Maybe they gave up.
Maybe I'll give it a try.
Maybe I can give you one.
Let's give up.
Let's give this another go.
Let's give this a shot.
Let's give them a minute.
Let's give that a rest.
Let's give it all we've got.
Let's give it a rest.
Let me give you this.
Let me give you some cash.
Let me give you directions.
Let me give you a preview.
Let me give you a hint.
Let me give it a try.
Let me give it a shot.
Just give us three weeks.
Just give us a second.
Just give us a minute.
Just give us a chance.
Just give Tom a second.
Just give Tom a call.
Just give the order.
Just give me your gun.
Just give me till Monday.
Just give me three hours.
Just give me the phone.
Just give me the gun.
Just give me one, will you?
Just give me one minute.
Just give me one good reason.
Just give me one day.
Just give me my money.
Just give me my gun.
Just give me a second.
Just give me a minute.
Just give me a little time.
Just give me a hand.
Just give me a few hours.
Just give me a chance.
Just give me a chance, OK?
Just give me hours.
Just give it up, Tom.
Just give it to Tom.
Just give it to me.
Just give it time.
Just give it some time.
Just give it a shot.
Just give it a minute.
Just give it a little time.
Just give it a chance.
Just don't give up on Tom.
It's not mine to give away.
It's giving me a headache.
It's a dead give-away.
It should take three weeks, give or take a day or two.
It gives me the creeps.
It gave me an idea.
Is that the map that Tom gave you?
Is it true that man never gave you his name?
I've already given you my answer.
I'm not giving an inch.
I'm giving it to you.
I'll give you $30.
I'll give them back.
I'll give it right back.
I'll give it a whirl.
I'll give it a go.
I wonder who gave Tom that information.
I was the one who gave that to Tom.
I wanted to give you these.
I thought we'd give it a try.
I think what I give you is enough.
I never gave it a thought.
I gave Tom one of those.
I gave my notice.
I gave it my best shot.
I gave him a fake name.
I gave all my money away.
I didn't take those pills you gave me.
I didn't give anything away.
I already gave you half.
How can you just give up?
Hey, give that back to me.
Hey, give me a chance.
Hey, give me a break.
Hey Tom, can you give me a lift?
He wouldn't give his name.
Has Tom given you anything?
Has Tom given the go-ahead?
Give us what we want.
Give us three minutes.
Give us some room here.
Give us a little space.
Give us a couple of hours.
Give Tom some room here.
Give Tom his keys.
Give Tom back his money.
Give Tom any help you can.
Give Tom a chair.
Give the lantern to me.
Give the flashlight to me.
Give that back to me.
Give me your weapons.
Give me your weapon.
Give me your wallets.
Give me your wallet.
Give me your sidearm.
Give me your other hand.
Give me your location.
Give me your hands.
Give me your hand.
Give me your flashlight.
Give me your cell phone.
Give me your blessing.
Give me your belt.
Give me your arm.
Give me what you've got.
Give me what you have now.
Give me Tom's address.
Give me time to think.
Give me time to relax.
Give me three weeks.
Give me three months.
Give me three minutes.
Give me three hours.
Give me those things.
Give me this hat.
Give me thirty seconds.
Give me thirty minutes.
Give me the wine.
Give me the watch.
Give me the tickets.
Give me the shovel.
Give me the short version.
Give me the rifle.
Give me the report.
Give me the phone, OK?
Give me the password.
Give me the paper.
Give me the notebook.
Give me the next one.
Give me the money.
Give me the knife.
Give me the files.
Give me the file.
Give me the diamonds.
Give me the coordinates.
Give me the car keys.
Give me the bottom line.
Give me the backpack.
Give me that weapon.
Give me that thing.
Give me that phone.
Give me that phone back.
Give me that other box.
Give me that money.
Give me that knife.
Give me that key.
Give me that gun.
Give me that envelope.
Give me that bottle.
Give me something to throw.
Give me some time.
Give me some space.
Give me some room here.
Give me some quarters.
Give me some of that.
Give me some more time.
Give me some more light.
Give me some money.
Give me some guidance here.
Give me some details.
Give me one reason why I shouldn't do that.
Give me one more.
Give me one more chance.
Give me one minute.
Give me one hour.
Give me my money.
Give me my money back.
Give me my cane.
Give me my beer.
Give me my bag.
Give me more time.
Give me just three minutes.
Give me just one minute.
Give me just a second.
Give me five.
Give me back my pencil.
Give me back my money.
Give me back my glasses.
Give me back my bottle.
Give me another shot.
Give me another reason.
Give me another one.
Give me another minute.
Give me another minute, OK?
Give me all your money.
Give me a week.
Give me a sip of your drink.
Give me a sign.
Give me a ride.
Give me a ride home.
Give me a moment.
Give me a minute, will you?
Give me a minute, OK?
Give me a minute with Tom.
Give me a little time.
Give me a little space.
Give me a job.
Give me a holler.
Give me a hand with this.
Give me a hand here.
Give me a gun.
Give me a good one.
Give me a few seconds.
Give me a few minutes.
Give me a few hours.
Give me a drink.
Give me a donut.
Give me a day.
Give me a day or two.
Give me a choice.
Give me a chance, please.
Give me a call, will you?
Give me a break, would you?
Give me a break here.
Give me a boost.
Give me a beer, please.
Give it your best shot.
Give it to me now.
Give it some gas.
Give it another hour.
Give it a pull.
Give it a few years.
Give it a couple of weeks.
Give Daddy a kiss.
Don't let Tom give up.
Don't give up on your dream.
Don't give up on love.
Do you want to give it a try?
Do you want to give it a go?
Do you want me to give you mine?
Do you still have the notes I gave you?
Do you give lessons?
Did you see what Tom gave me?
Did you give Tom that dog?
Did you give Tom something to eat?
Did you give the order?
Did you give it to Tom?
Did Tom give you something for me?
Did Tom give you a reason?
Did Tom give you a hard time?
Did Tom give it to you?
Did Tom give a reason why he was going to be late?
Did they give a reason?
Did I give you the tickets?
Did I give you enough time?
Did I give it to you?
Could you please give me a quick tour?
Could you give us a minute?
Could you give me a second?
Could you give me a minute?
Could you give me a hand?
Could someone give me a hand?
Come on, give me a hand.
Come here, give me a hug.
Can you give us his name?
Can you give us any more?
Can you give us a minute?
Can you give us a lift?
Can you give us a hand?
Can you give this to Tom?
Can you give me some time?
Can you give me a sign?
Can you give me a minute?
Can we give this a try?
Can I give you this?
Can I give you some money?
Can I give you a ride home?
Can I give you a lift?
Can I give Tom a message?
Call the number I gave you.
Are you sure I can't give you some help?
Are you really just giving up?
Are you really just giving it away?
Are you just going to give up?
Are you just going to give in?
Are you going to give up?
Are you going to give Tom the money he asked for?
Are you giving this to Tom?
Are you giving me a choice?
Am I supposed to give this to you?
All right, I give up.
All right, give me a kiss.
Our conscience is the witness to our most secret crimes.
A nonagon, sometimes called an enneagon, is a polygon with nine sides.
It really was a miracle.
The loganberry, which is a hybrid of a blackberry and a raspberry, was accidentally created in the late nineteenth century by an American horticulturist.
The tayberry is a cultivated cross between a blackberry and a raspberry.
The internal angles of an octagon total 1080°.
My grandfather predeceased my great-grandfather.
Tessellations have been used to create decorative motifs in both textiles and architecture since ancient times.
I don't know Russian yet.
A seven-sided polygon is typically called a heptagon, but is occasionally referred to as a septagon.
Both my brothers are married, but my sisters are all single.
Vandalism is a significant problem in this part of the city.
A loft conversion can add considerable value to a property.
Matthew is soon to be married; he will make a very handsome bridegroom.
My neighbour's daughter is an aerospace engineer.
Tom made a promise he didn't intend to keep.
The police found Tom's body floating in the harbour.
Doctor-patient confidentiality should be respected at all times.
We had to agree to total confidentiality and sign a non-disclosure agreement.
Many houses were damaged beyond repair in the flood.
A trade delegation has gone to Japan ahead of the Prime Minister to crunch the numbers with their Japanese counterparts.
Many politicians employ spin doctors whose job it is to dress up unpalatable government decisions so they will be more readily accepted by the public.
I miss Tom. I hope he comes back soon.
Predictive texting can lead to some amusing errors when sending messages.
Her scathing putdown made it clear what she thought of his comments.
I must admit, I have some misgivings about your plan.
My grandmother was nearly sixty when she entered menopause.
You've given us what we need.
You're not giving up, are you?
You must give me what I want.
You haven't given me anything yet.
You gave Tom what he needed, right?
You didn't give Tom a chance.
Will you give me a hand?
Why should I give Tom money?
Why are you giving this to me?
Why are you giving it to me?
Who gave Tom that recipe book?
Who do you think gave me this?
When do you give your speech?
What'll you give me for this?
What advice can you give me?
We should give Tom some time.
We should give Tom some time to think about it.
We should give Tom some time by himself.
We didn't give you any money.
We can't give up that easily.
We agreed we'd give it a shot.
Tom wanted me to give you this envelope.
Tom told me to give you this.
Tom said to give you this.
Tom said he'd give me a massage.
Tom said he was going to give it back.
Tom never gave me any grief.
Tom is going to give us a ride.
Tom has been giving me a hard time.
Tom gave me the oddest look.
Tom gave me the answer I was expecting.
Tom gave me one last chance.
Tom gave me his phone number.
Tom gave Mary the OK sign.
It sounds like you don't like Tom.
Tom's oldest son looks just like him.
Tom didn't give Mary a chance.
This place gives me the creeps.
They're not going to give up.
They're giving Tom medication.
They gave you another chance.
They gave me a line of credit.
They didn't give me a choice.
That's all I can give you at this time.
Shouldn't we give it to Tom?
Remind me to give this to Tom.
Please give Tom my apologies.
Please give the dog a bath.
Please give that to me.
Please give that back to me.
Please give me one more shot.
Maybe Tom will give us a ride.
Let me give you my address.
Let me give you a ride home.
Just give me another minute.
Just give me an explanation.
Just give it your best shot.
I'm still not giving up.
I'm not giving up hope.
I think that would give me a headache.
I gave my half to Tom.
I could give it a try.
I can't just give up now.
I can't give you any more.
Here's the list Tom gave me.
Have they given you a nickname yet?
Give us some privacy, will you?
Give that back to me, please.
Give me your honest opinion.
Give me your coat. I'll hang it up.
Give me something difficult.
Give me a minute, would you?
Give me a minute, please.
Give me a couple more hours.
Give me a chance to explain.
Did you really give Tom that car?
Could you give Tom a minute?
Could I give you a hand?
Can you give me any details?
Can I give you three a lift?
Are you willing to give it a try?
Menopause is the permanent cessation of the ovaries' primary functions.
Menopause is the opposite of menarche.
When baking a cake, it is important to stick to the recipe.
The onset of menarche is influenced by many factors, including genetics and nutrition, and the age of menarche varies significantly across the world.
From a social perspective, menarche is typically considered the central event of female puberty - but menarche does not necessarily signal that ovulation has begun occurring.
Osteoporosis is more common in advanced age, and is often a concern for post-menopausal women.
She often asks silly questions.
The surgical removal of an ovary or ovaries is called an oophorectomy.
His casual chauvinism was highly off-putting.
There is no place for chauvinism in an equal society.
The parish register is so old that if you touch the pages the paper will disintegrate.
I have three elder and two younger siblings.
I get on well with my stepsister but not with my stepmother.
Adam married his second cousin.
Soon I will have double the number of nieces and nephews I have at the moment, as my sister-in-law is pregnant with triplets.
Tom gave almost all his money to charity.
You're welcome to give it a try.
You might as well give it back to Tom.
You just don't give up, do you?
You have to give Tom more time.
You have to give some things up.
You had to give it back to Tom, didn't you?
You didn't give us much choice.
You almost gave me a heart attack.
Would you mind giving me a minute?
Would you mind giving me a hug?
Would you give us some privacy?
Would you give Tom this for me?
Why would Tom give that to us?
Why are you giving me all this?
Who gave you this information?
What drugs are they giving you?
What can we possibly give Tom?
We have to give it a try.
Tom was going to give me that.
Tom never gave me the details.
Tom never gave me a hard time.
Tom gave Mary a concerned look.
Tom gave Mary's hand a squeeze.
Tom gave Mary three thousand dollars.
It sounds as if you don't like Tom.
Tom didn't give it back to me.
That's why I'm giving you this.
That's all I'm going to give you.
That won't give us enough time.
That gives me the heebie jeebies.
That gives me an idea.
Thanks for not giving up on me.
Thank you for giving this to me.
Thank you for giving me this.
Maybe Tom decided to give up.
Maybe I should give Tom a hand.
That's not why I'm afraid of Tom.
Just please give me a chance.
Just give me three more minutes.
Just give me a couple minutes.
I've given you everything I can give you.
I'm willing to give you everything I've got.
I'm not going to give this to you.
I intend to give this to Tom.
I can't simply give up.
Hop in. I'll give you a ride.
Given time, we should be able to solve this problem.
Give us something to work with.
Give us something to work on.
Give them a couple of minutes.
Give the public what they want.
Give my regards to your folks.
Give my best to your wife, Tom.
Give me one second, would you?
Give me everything you've got.
Give me a reason to stay.
Give me a couple more minutes.
Give it everything you've got.
Don't you ever give your dog a bath?
Do you think we should give up?
Did they give you your job back?
Did I give you that impression?
Come on, I'll give you a ride.
Come on, I'll give you a lift.
Come on, I'll give you a hand.
Can't you give me some advice?
Can you just give me a minute?
Can you give us a description of the car that hit Tom?
Can you give me something to kill the pain?
Can you give me an explanation?
Can I give you two a lift home?
Can I at least give you a hug?
Are you going to give us what we asked for?
I find it difficult to put up with him as he's such an overbearing control freak!
Daffodils contain a toxic alkaloid that may even be lethal when ingested in high quantities.
Daffodils are a common cause of dermatitis amongst florists, with daffodil sap provoking symptoms such as redness and dry, scaly skin.
The daffodil is the national flower of Wales.
It is never too late.
You've given me no other choice.
You've given me a lot to think about.
You're the one who gave us all this.
You're not asking me to give up, are you?
You're giving me too much credit.
You should give Tom some space.
What will you give me in return?
What Tom gave me wasn't enough.
What else can I give you?
What did Tom give you in return?
What could've given you that idea?
We've been given another chance.
We've been given a second chance.
We're going to give it another try.
Tom's not the one giving orders.
Tom might not give up so easily.
Tom isn't ready to give up yet.
Tom isn't going to give an inch.
Tom gave me a ride to school.
Tom didn't give us much choice.
Tom didn't give me any details.
The police gave Tom the chance to surrender.
That's why I'm giving it to you.
Please give this to Tom.
Please give me a second chance.
None of us are giving up on you.
Maybe you gave up too fast.
Maybe I gave up too soon.
Let's give them a little bit of advice.
Let me give you my phone number.
Let me give you my card.
Let me give you another example.
Just give us a little more time.
It couldn't hurt to give it a shot.
Is this all you can give me?
I'd like to give it a try.
I don't think Tom is going to give it back.
I couldn't give Tom what he needed.
I can't just give it to anyone.
Give Tom whatever help he needs.
Give Tom everything we've got.
Did you think I'd give up so easily?
Did Tom say why he gave it to you?
Could you give us just a second?
Can't you give us a few minutes?
Can you give that to Tom?
Can you give me a hand here?
Can we give it ten more minutes?
Can I give you a word of advice?
Can I give you a ride somewhere?
Can I give you a hand with that?
Aren't you going to give me a kiss?
Are you giving me another chance?
He is a self-professed linguaphile who speaks Serbian, English, German, Igbo, and French.
She has been invited to give the keynote speech at their annual conference.
The pelts were too damaged to be sold, so he used them to make his son a pair of mittens.
If you loiter here much longer, people will think you're up to something.
Urdu and Punjabi are her native languages, but she speaks several others very well, including Tamil, Pashto, and Cantonese.
Why would I give you anything?
Why should I give you that?
When you see Tom, please give this to him.
Whatever gave you that idea?
What kind of odds are you giving?
What advice did Tom give you?
We should give Tom another chance.
Tom loved the book Mary gave him.
Tom is the one who gave this to us.
Tom gave up hope a long time ago.
Tom gave this to me before he died.
The guy I met yesterday didn't give me his real name.
Thank you for giving me the time I needed to finish this.
So why don't you just give up?
Maybe you shouldn't give Tom a key to your apartment.
Just give us a couple of minutes.
Just give me another chance.
Just give me a little privacy.
If you'll just give me some time, I can find that information for you.
I'll go and give Tom a hand.
I gave them all the information they requested.
I can give you my schedule if you need it.
Give that to me, please.
Give me just a minute, would you?
Do you have any idea why Tom gave it to you?
Can you give us a hand over here?
Can you give me some of that?
Can you give me a hand with that?
Can I give you a piece of advice?
A new study suggests that human life expectancy does not yet appear to be reaching a natural limit, with ever more people reaching old age and still maintaining their independence.
Are increases in life expectancy accompanied by a concurrent postponement of disability and functional limitations?
Climate change, civil war, financial hardship, and infrastructural chaos have all caused turmoil in this country.
Aid agencies find themselves dealing with a potentially huge humanitarian disaster and are struggling to cope with the unprecedented crisis.
They refused to countenance any suggestion of a power-sharing agreement with a man they deemed a radical.
It's unrealistic to think that small-scale farmers will be given the same power as governments or big international companies that are interested in purchasing the land.
Several hundred years ago, scarlet fever epidemics killed thousands of people throughout the continent.
Last year doctors urged parents of newborns to have them vaccinated against whooping cough.
We really achieved something today.
The demonstration achieved nothing.
The tower is fifteen metres high.
The tower is fifteen metres tall.
The teacher said, "Please review chapters through for the upcoming quiz."
Don't forget to put a stamp on the letter.
The team's best striker scored twenty-three goals last season.
When the striker completed a hat-trick, the crowd cheered so loudly they could be heard half a mile away.
Their unbeaten record came to an end with an embarrassing 5-defeat.
She is unbeaten at that video game.
The commentator began yelling when the referee gave the defender a second yellow card.
"That was a terrible miss!" cried the commentators.
I will meet you in the hotel foyer.
Your advice has been of great help.
Money doesn't always bring happiness.
Pine furniture is not very popular at the moment.
The interest amounts to NOK 3,a year.
There was no real evidence against Tom.
Great progress has been made.
Where are the clean pillowcases?
He's a shifty character and I don't trust him one bit.
Is it a bird?
Is it a chair?
It is a bird.
It is a chair.
Shall I wrap it for you?
When you feel tired, there's nothing better than a bath.
A man was stabbed in the torso overnight during a domestic dispute.
Their poetry is all of love and war. Not as ours, which is full of wise saws and useful maxims.
The two children prepared to be bored.
Prepare to be bored.
You don't even understand the idea of real boredom.
"That's what grandmas are for." "No, grandmas are for pwning noobs."
Tom is so stressed at the moment, he can't think straight.
Tom is behind in his work and it's really getting to him.
Mary doesn't speak English at home.
In common usage, "spirit" and "soul" are often synonyms.
The Romans forced onto the people they defeated, among other things, their language.
To work!
Will you teach your children Esperanto?
Tom staggered across the finish line exhausted.
It had been a long, hard day for Tom, and he fell into bed exhausted.
Do you intend to teach Esperanto to your children?
I ride a bike to work.
Her success really motivated me.
Go risk your head and think a thought which until now no one has had; go risk your step and walk a path which until now no one has trod; so that Man may build himself, and not be made by anyone or anything else.
Christ was crucified by the Romans.
The Romans latinized Gaul.
You've got to give me another chance.
You're giving a speech tomorrow aren't you?
You should give Mary flowers.
You gave Tom the money he asked for, didn't you?
You gave Tom the list, didn't you?
You didn't give me any alternative.
You can't give orders around here.
Why did you give yourself up?
We gave them everything we had.
Tom is giving you a second chance.
Tom is giving us time to consider his offer.
Tom gave the dog a piece of meat.
Tom gave me this hat for my birthday.
Tom gave me these for my birthday.
Tom gave me a really cool gift.
Tom gave Mary a pedicure.
Tom gave Mary a little shove.
Tom gave Mary a disapproving look.
Mary died giving birth to her second son.
Just ask Tom to give it back.
Is that the belt I gave you?
I'm going to give the dog a bath.
I'll give you Tom's address.
I want to give Tom something nice for his birthday.
I want to give Tom a party.
I plan to give this to Tom as a gift.
I know you were giving Tom money.
Have you given Tom what he asked for?
Have you given Tom the key?
Have you given Tom everything?
Give me a hand here, will you?
Don't give candy to my children.
Did Tom give you back your pen?
Could you give me some help here?
You've given three copies of the report to Tom already.
You haven't given me any yet.
You gave me this picture a long time ago.
Would you like to give it another shot?
Why should I give you this?
Who do you think asked me to give this to you?
When Tom gets here, give me a call.
Well, I'll certainly give it a try.
We're prepared to give you all the food you need.
We're going to give it a try.
We should give that restaurant a try sometime.
We decided to give it a go.
Tom wasn't the one who gave us your name.
Tom wants me to give him some space.
Tom wants me to give him some advice on buying stocks.
Tom wants me to give him my old motorcycle.
Tom wants me to give him money to buy a harmonica.
Tom hasn't completely given up yet.
Tom has given Mary several gifts in the past three weeks.
Tom gave the rope a yank.
Tom gave me three reasons why he couldn't help.
Tom gave me this tie.
Tom gave me permission to use his car.
Tom gave me permission to go home early.
Tom gave me my first job.
Tom gave me a head start.
Tom didn't give me a chance.
This should give us the advantage.
They gave Tom the same information as they gave me.
That's the only answer I can give.
That's the first thing I ever gave you.
Please give Tom what he needs.
Please give Tom another chance, OK?
Next time don't give up so easily.
Maybe I gave Tom the wrong advice.
Mary looked at the ring Tom gave her.
Let's give Tom some room.
Just give me what you owe me and I'll leave.
Is that old car giving you any more trouble?
If you give me Tom's phone number, I'll call him.
I've already given you way too much information.
I tried to convince Tom not to give up.
Give me your phone number, just in case.
Give me a minute to catch my wind.
Give me a little bit of that.
Give me a chance to talk to Tom.
Give me a chance to prove it.
Did you read that book I gave you?
Could you at least give me a hint?
Come over here and give me a kiss.
Can you give us until the end of the week?
Can you give me some room, please?
Can you give me a minute with Tom?
Are you really going to give this to Tom?
All right, let's give it a try.
According to the file you gave us, Tom hasn't yet graduated from high school.
Give me a minute to catch my breath.
This shirt suits you well.
You'll be given two weeks severance pay.
You'd better give it to me personally.
You purposely gave the wrong answer, didn't you?
You never give up hope, do you?
You just have to give yourself more time.
You didn't give Tom enough time to finish.
Would you please give me what I asked for?
Why don't we give this another try?
What are you giving Tom in return?
We weren't given much information.
We have to give the plan a chance to work.
Tom usually gives Mary a kiss goodbye.
Tom usually gives Mary a goodbye kiss.
Tom seems to be the one giving orders.
Tom seemed reluctant to give Mary the bad news.
Tom never gave in to me that easily before.
Tom gave the sheet of paper to Mary.
Tom gave that to me a few years back.
Tom gave me the name of a guy who can probably repair my watch.
Tom gave me a sleeping bag a few weeks ago.
Tom gave Mary the note I'd given him to give her.
Tom gave Mary her bag.
Tom gave his son something to play with.
Tom didn't want to give up.
Tom decided to give it one more shot.
Tom decided to give it a shot.
Tom could've given me more money.
Tom agreed to give us an interview.
This new schedule gives us a lot more free time.
They're not going to give you this job.
The love Tom wanted was something Mary could never give him.
That doesn't give us a lot of time.
Thanks for giving me a ride home.
Thanks for giving me a lift.
Please just give us a few minutes.
Please give us your side of the story.
Luckily, someone gave me a jacket to wear.
Let's not give Tom the chance to do that.
If you're not going to try any harder than that, you might as well give up now.
If Tom gives you any trouble, just call me.
I'll give these to Tom.
I'd rather die than give you this.
I wasn't given enough information.
I meant to give these to you.
I didn't give Tom a choice.
Have you given it any more thought?
Have you always given up so easily?
Give Tom a kiss for me.
Give me the knife and let me slice the bread.
Give me a hand here, will you, Tom?
Give me a buzz if you feel like going out tonight.
Give it a break, Tom.
Don't give Tom a reason to say no.
Don't give me that sad look.
Did Tom give you something?
Did Tom give you something to give to me?
Did Tom give you any other suggestions?
Did Tom give you any other instructions?
Did Tom give you any other advice?
Did Tom give any other suggestions?
Did Tom give any other instructions?
Did Tom give any other advice?
Did they give you any other information?
Did they give you any information?
Could you give us a minute, please?
Can I give you a bit of advice?
My watch was stolen.
Someone stole my watch.
I had my car washed this morning.
I had my house painted not too long ago.
I had my passport photo taken last week.
I had my eyes checked three weeks ago.
I had my secretary look up that information for you.
One of life's simple pleasures is the time to read a good book on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
You're not giving me much choice.
You're going to have to give Tom some help.
You're giving me more credit than I deserve.
You still haven't given me an answer.
You must've given this a lot of thought.
Would you mind if I gave Tom a call?
Would you like us to give you a lift?
Would you give Tom a message for me?
Why don't you give me your number?
Why did you give Tom such a hard time?
Why did Tom give you this anyway?
Why aren't you wearing the bracelet I gave you?
Who gives something like that to a kid?
Who gave you permission to give that to Tom?
What reason did Tom give for doing that?
We've given it a great deal of thought.
Was your name on the list of names I gave you before?
Tom told me to give this to Mary.
Tom says he'll give us all the time we need.
Tom says he can't give me what I want.
Tom says he can't give me what I need.
Tom is the one who gave you that.
Tom has already given me what I really wanted.
Tom gave us something in a small box.
Tom gave us a lift in his truck.
Tom gave this to me when I was little.
Tom gave me his key when I asked for it.
Tom gave Mary the book he was holding.
Tom gave Mary a friendly pat on the back.
Tom gave Mary a copy of the speech he was planning to give.
This music is giving me a headache.
There's only one answer I can give.
The nurse has given Tom a sedative.
That's an order that I can't give.
That noise is giving me a headache.
Someone gave Tom the wrong directions.
Someone asked me to give this to you.
Please give me some time to think.
No one's ever given me money before.
No matter what happens, don't give up.
Let's give Tom the benefit of the doubt.
Let's give Tom another chance.
Let me just give you this and then leave.
Let me give you a little advice.
If you hear from Tom, give me a call.
I've never given a speech before.
I'm not just going to give it to you.
I'm not going to give up on Tom.
I'll make a list and give it to Tom.
I'll give you a call when I get to Boston.
I'd be willing to give it a try.
I was hoping you could give me a hand.
I need you to give this to Tom for me.
I guess I ought to give this to Tom.
I gave you everything you wanted.
I gave my word to Tom that I wouldn't do that.
I don't want Tom to give up.
I don't know why Tom gave up.
I always meant to give this back to you.
Have your students been giving you a hard time?
Giving Tom a bicycle was a good idea.
Give me your word that you won't do that.
Give me Tom's phone number and I'll call him.
Give me the money you owe me and I'll be gone.
Give me the keys. I'll drive.
Give me an example of what you mean.
Give me a minute to freshen up.
Give me a call when you get back.
Give me a call when you get a chance.
Get in. I'll give you a ride.
Did you really give Tom a key to your apartment?
Could you give us an example, please?
Could you give me just a moment?
Could you ask Tom to call Mary?
Come on, I'll give you a ride home.
Come here and give me a hug.
Can you please just give Tom whatever he wants?
Can you give Tom another chance?
Can you give me your full name, please?
Can you give me Tom's address?
Can you give me another alternative?
Can you give me a little bit more?
Can you give me a little bit more time?
Can you give me a little bit longer?
At least let me give you some money.
If I were you, I'd paint it blue.
Goodness knows why he's been picked for the national squad - he's been terrible all season!
The match was postponed because half the squad came down with food poisoning.
It's unusual for defensive players to score many goals.
We credit her outstanding success as the reason the sport is receiving more attention nowadays.
He has the most international caps, but there are better players in the squad.
You're not ready for first team football yet.
At half time, both teams made substitutions.
Most animals with tentacles are invertebrates.
Cephalopods are marine animals characterised by tentacles and bilateral body symmetry.
Tentacles usually occur in pairs, sometimes with both sensory and manipulatory functions.
He won't go near the water because he's deathly afraid of jellyfish.
Contrary to popular belief, urinating on a jellyfish sting will do very little to help.
Most jellyfish stings aren't deadly, but many are pretty painful nonetheless.
Only those who have experienced the love and warmth of the home understand the beauty and the suffering in the world.
Racism and homophobia are still major problems in professional football.
Due to her boss's aggressive homophobia, Sara was too intimidated to bring her girlfriend to the office party.
He has broken the glass.
Feminists believe in the political, social, and economic equality of all genders.
I'll be a post-feminist when we live in a post-patriarchy!
I'm looking for textbooks on feminist sociology.
She knows how to recite the Quran.
It's not a pleasant thing.
It isn't a pleasant thing.
The burqa is a choice.
I have really funny friends.
It's time to ground some villages.
It's forbidden to smoke at school.
You're not a man.
You're not a woman.
I understand the words but not the meaning.
Protect me!
The king's mother is dead.
You're an engineer.
I'm the teacher.
You've hardly eaten a thing.
You're not going to eat that, are you?
You're not eating very much. What's wrong?
You'll be lucky to find something to eat around here.
You sure do eat a lot of meat.
You shouldn't have eaten that.
You should've eaten something this morning.
You should really eat something.
You should get something to eat.
You should eat breakfast.
You probably shouldn't eat that.
You never got to eat anything, did you?
You need to eat something.
You need to eat something before you go to work.
You know I don't eat meat.
You haven't eaten anything yet, have you?
You haven't eaten a bite.
You don't have to eat anything you don't want to.
You didn't eat much lunch.
You ate my sandwich.
Would you like me to get you something to eat?
Why don't we all go out to get something to eat?
Why don't we all go get something to eat?
Why aren't you eating your sandwich?
Why aren't you eating that?
Who did you see eating with Tom?
Who ate the last donut?
Who ate my snacks?
Who am I going to eat lunch with?
While you're waiting, get yourself something to eat.
Where should we eat tonight?
Where are we eating tonight?
When's the last time you ate?
When's the last time you ate homemade cookies?
What's eating you now?
What're you going to eat?
What time do you eat lunch?
What kind of sandwich are you eating?
What do you like to eat the most?
What did they give you to eat?
What are we going to eat?
What am I supposed to eat?
We're not going to eat anything.
We're going to get something to eat. Do you want to go with us?
We're going to eat right now.
We're going to eat in just a few minutes.
We'll eat our dinner in the kitchen tonight.
We'll be eating in the conference room today.
We went ahead and ate without Tom.
We should eat lunch together sometime.
We haven't had anything to eat for almost three days.
We haven't eaten yet.
We eat at six.
We can eat lunch on the bus.
We ate your food.
We ate the pizza.
We ate pancakes for breakfast.
Try to eat a little more.
Tom's mother told him to eat his vegetables.
Tom's doctor advised him not to eat between meals.
Tom watched Mary eat.
Tom was taken to the emergency room after eating bad scallops.
Tom was so hungry that he ate dog food.
Tom was happy that everybody had enough to eat.
Tom was eating popcorn out of a large bowl.
Tom wants to eat with us.
Tom wanted to eat both donuts, but he gave one to Mary.
Tom wanted to catch some fish to eat.
Tom usually reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
Tom usually only eats two meals a day.
Tom usually eats in a rush.
Tom usually eats fish two or three times a week.
Tom usually eats breakfast with his family.
Tom used to eat out every day, but now he can't afford to.
Tom tries to eat a balanced diet.
Tom took a sandwich out of the bag and started eating it.
Tom took a piece of pie and began eating it.
Tom told Mary that she needed to eat something.
Tom told Mary not to eat too much.
Tom started eating the sandwich Mary made for him.
Tom sometimes eats lunch with us.
Tom should eat something.
Tom seldom eats breakfast.
Tom says he eats nothing but fruits and vegetables.
Tom says grace before eating.
Tom saw Mary eating a sandwich under the tree.
Tom saw a half-eaten pizza on the table.
Tom said it was time to eat.
Tom said he was hungry enough to eat anything.
Tom said he wanted to go home and eat dinner with his wife.
Tom refused to eat his lunch.
Tom quickly unwrapped the sandwich and began to eat it hungrily.
Tom probably didn't eat lunch.
Tom probably already ate.
Tom picked up his fork and began to eat.
Tom picked some blackberries to eat.
Tom peeled the banana and ate it.
Tom often eats out on Monday nights.
Tom often eats lunch with his friends.
Tom noticed a half-eaten hamburger on the dashboard of Mary's car.
Tom looks as if he hasn't eaten in days.
Tom looked as if he hadn't eaten anything in a long time.
Tom likes to eat spoonfuls of peanut butter right out of the jar.
Tom just ate one sandwich.
Tom is eating lunch right now.
Tom is eating breakfast inside.
Tom hasn't eaten for three days.
Tom hasn't eaten a decent meal in a long time.
Tom has never eaten caviar.
Tom has gone out to eat.
Tom hardly ate anything.
Tom hardly ate anything at all.
Tom hadn't eaten in three days.
Tom hadn't eaten anything the whole day and was hungry.
Tom hadn't eaten all day long and was very hungry.
Tom gave us something to eat.
Tom gave me plenty to eat.
Tom eats lunch by himself every day.
Tom eats lunch at this restaurant quite often.
Tom eats lunch at his desk.
Tom eats just about anything.
Tom eagerly ate the apple I gave him.
Tom doesn't often eat out with his family.
Tom doesn't eat meat, does he?
Tom didn't eat his salad.
Tom didn't eat anything until he got home.
Tom couldn't eat solid food for a week.
Tom ate the same amount as Mary did.
Tom ate only one sandwich.
Tom ate all my candy.
Tom ate a piece of toast and drank a cup of coffee.
Tom and Mary went to get something to eat.
Tom and Mary sat in front of the TV, eating popcorn.
Tom and Mary never eat together.
Tom and Mary are eating lunch.
Tom and I seldom eat together.
Tom and I are just getting ready to eat. Would you like to join us?
This tastes a lot better than what I usually eat.
This is where I usually eat lunch.
This is the strangest thing I've ever eaten.
This floor is so clean you could eat off of it.
They eat a lot of rice in Japan.
They don't eat as much rice in Japan as they used to.
There's nothing to eat.
There's nothing to eat around here.
There's nothing left to eat.
There's hardly anything left to eat.
There was some half-eaten food on the table.
The three of us ate hot dogs and potato salad.
The refugees were having trouble finding enough to eat.
The only thing we can do now is eat.
The mosquitoes are really bad here. I'm getting eaten alive.
The last time I saw Tom he was eating an apple.
The berries I ate gave me an upset stomach.
That was the best meal I've ever eaten.
Someone at work ate my lunch.
Somebody ate all the cookies.
Should we eat first?
Please help yourselves to something to eat.
Please give Tom something to eat.
Please don't eat in my car.
No one is asking you to eat that.
My dog ate it.
Maybe we shouldn't eat any more.
Mary is eating for two now.
Let's go to an all-you-can-eat place and have a big dinner.
Let's eat while the food is still warm.
Let me get us something to eat.
Just sit down and eat.
It's a dog eat dog world out there.
It would be nice to eat at a fancy restaurant for a change.
It tasted really good, so I ate it all.
Is this safe to eat?
Is there anything good to eat in the refrigerator?
Is that what's eating you?
Is anybody going to eat this?
If you want something to eat, you'll need to get it yourself.
If you don't want it, don't eat it.
If you don't like it, don't eat it.
If it smells funny, don't eat it.
If I wasn't so hungry, I wouldn't eat this.
If I eat any more, I won't want dessert.
I've never eaten this kind of food before.
I've had enough to eat already.
I've eaten at this restaurant three times before.
I've already had something to eat.
I'm too sleepy to eat.
I'm too depressed to eat.
I'm going to go out and get us something to eat.
I'm going to eat dinner with Tom tonight.
I'm going out to get something to eat.
I'll go find us something to eat.
I very seldom eat lobster.
I usually eat before 6:30.
I think I ate too much.
I should eat something.
I often eat here.
I haven't eaten in a while.
I haven't eaten for three days.
I haven't eaten a home-cooked dinner in ages.
I haven't eaten chocolate since I was thirteen.
I guess you won't be eating with us.
I finished eating breakfast while Tom was getting ready for school.
I eat a lot of meat.
I don't want to give Tom anything more to eat until he's feeling better.
I don't want to eat with Tom.
I don't think this food is fit to eat.
I don't often eat out.
I don't have enough time to eat.
I don't get to eat like this very often.
I could eat a horse.
I can't seem to stop eating.
I can go a couple of days without eating if I have to.
I ate way too much last night.
I ate until I was satisfied.
I ate three hot dogs.
I ate three eggs and two pieces of toast for breakfast.
I ate the whole bag of potato chips by myself.
I ate something that didn't agree with me.
I ate dinner at a restaurant on Park Street.
I ate an early lunch, so I'm pretty hungry now.
I ate about half of it and left the rest on my plate.
Hurry up and finish eating.
How often do you eat food you don't like?
How do I eat this?
How did Noah keep the animals from eating each other?
How can you eat that?
How can you eat at a time like this?
Have you given Tom anything to eat or drink?
Have you ever seen Tom eat?
Have you ever eaten Turkish food before?
Has Tom been eating properly?
Fruit is the only thing Tom will eat.
Everyone was at the table eating dinner.
Everyone sat down to eat.
Everybody is in the other room eating.
Eat your ice cream before it melts.
Don't tell me what to eat.
Don't eat pork without cooking it first.
Do you want to go out and get something to eat?
Do you want to eat this?
Do you want something to eat or drink?
Do you guys want to eat here?
Do we really have to watch the news while we eat?
Do Tom's children get enough to eat?
Do I have to eat with Tom?
Do I get to eat my dessert now?
Did you get something to eat?
Did you eat the rest of the almonds?
Did you eat my cookies?
Did you eat all your vegetables?
Did you eat all the bread?
Did Tom eat this morning?
Did Tom eat anything?
Come inside and have something to eat.
Come and eat your supper.
Can you eat these?
Can we eat this?
Can I get you a drink or something to eat?
Aren't you going to eat it?
Aren't you going to eat breakfast?
Are you going to eat your roll?
Are you going to eat your pudding?
Are you going to eat those eggs?
Are you going to eat this?
Are you going to eat that toast?
Are you going to eat that cookie?
Are you going to eat that bread?
Are we ready to eat?
Am I supposed to eat this?
After you've eaten, you should get some sleep.
A lot of people prefer to eat fried chicken with their fingers.
I went to the bank.
I go to school daily.
My wife went to the farm.
His money is in the bank.
She is my father's mother. She is my paternal grandmother.
It surprises me.
The boy is hoeing.
The girls work.
That's a question no one knows the answer to.
I will die for you.
I will not eat brains.
I'm going to go shopping tomorrow.
I'm going to kill you now.
I'm going to die tonight.
I'm not planning to go anywhere today.
I'm going to eat your head and I will laugh in front of your dead body, after this.
I'm going to burn you in hell, and this will not be good for you.
I was listening to my iPod, so I didn't hear the fire alarm.
Will you help me move this heavy table?
I was watching TV when she called.
Last year, I traveled to Japan.
Nobody has ever climbed that mountain.
Are you going to meet Jane tonight?
Luigi didn't wash his car.
I'm going to Florida next Friday.
Pua sings.
The child glared impudently at its mother.
Pua sang.
Pua is singing.
Pua is going to sing.
Pua sings at church.
Pua sang at church.
Pua is singing at church.
Pua is going to sing at church.
We are going to have dinner in an Indian restaurant tonight.
Darren and Simon are going to play tennis.
My parents are going to buy a new CD.
My sister and her boyfriend are going to get married next year.
I was washing my hair at o'clock yesterday.
My mother called the doctor because I had a temperature.
I forgot the password.
I am going to the park this afternoon.
We're having a barbecue next Saturday.
Tom and Mary will play tennis tomorrow afternoon.
The boy has seen the car.
I was eating an apple when Tom phoned me.
I'm going to Paris next Saturday.
I'll do my homework today.
Will you go to the cinema tonight?
I'm going to visit Rome this summer.
Jane came home at o'clock.
Tom took off his jacket and hung it on the back of a chair.
Tom took off his jacket and laid it on the chair.
Tom took off his jacket and hung it in the closet.
Tom took off his coat and hung it on the hook behind the door.
Just put it on my tab.
Just put it on the desk.
Just put it on the table.
Would you put it on the table, please?
Tom gave Mary a calendar and she put it on her refrigerator.
Put your wig back on.
Put your weapons down.
Put your weapon down.
Put your sunglasses on.
Put your stuff in your backpack.
Put your seat belt on.
Put your reading glasses on.
Put your pants on.
Put your masks on.
Put your mask on.
Put your hat back on.
Put your hands flat on the table.
Put your hands above your head.
Put your hands up and step out of the vehicle.
Put your guns away.
Put your gloves on.
Put your bracelet on.
Put your boots on.
Put your bag in the trunk.
Put your back into it, Tom.
Put your coat back on.
Put your camera away.
Put up your dukes.
Put those guns away.
Put those books back on the shelf.
Put this scarf around your neck.
Put this list in alphabetical order.
Put this bracelet on your wrist.
Put the shovel down.
Put the seat back.
Put the scalpel down.
Put the phone down.
Put the money in the bag.
Put the kettle on.
Put the gun away.
Put the bracelet on.
Put the box down.
Put that stuff back in the box.
Put that gun down.
Put that gun away.
Put that fire out.
Put that cigarette out.
Put that box down.
Put some iodine on this cut.
Put on some decent clothes.
Put on a nice dress.
Put it out of your mind, Tom.
Put it in a brown paper bag.
Put it exactly where Tom tells you to.
Put down the hammer.
Put both hands on the steering wheel.
Put a sock in it.
Put a lid on it, Tom.
Tom, put your money away. I'm paying this time.
Tom, put these gloves on.
Tom was put on the spot.
Tom was put in prison.
Tom was put in a cell.
Tom put you up to this, didn't he?
Tom put up a fight.
Tom put the rifle away.
Tom put the phone down.
Tom put the mop behind the door.
Tom put the money Mary gave him in the bank.
Tom put the luggage down.
Tom put the lid back on the box.
Tom put the letter in his coat pocket.
Tom put the key in his pocket.
Tom put the calendar on the wall behind his desk.
Tom put the box in the car.
Tom put the book back on the shelf where it belonged.
Tom put out his hand.
Tom put on his tie.
Tom put on his sweater.
Tom put on his suit coat.
Tom put on his gloves.
Tom put on a coat.
Tom put on a clean shirt.
Tom put on a black coat.
Tom put me up for a night.
Tom put it in the box.
Tom put in for a raise.
Tom put his wig back on.
Tom put his sweater on.
Tom put his room in order.
Tom put his helmet back on.
Tom put his hat back on.
Tom put his hands up.
Tom put his hand up.
Tom put his hand out.
Tom put his hand on Mary's.
Tom put his fork down.
Tom put his book down.
Tom put his arms out.
Tom put down his racket.
Tom put clean sheets on his bed.
Tom put away his toys.
Tom put air in his tires.
Tom put a cap on his head.
Tom plans to put new locks on all the doors.
Tom has been putting on weight.
Put your toys away.
Put that knife away.
Put out that fire.
After pouring drinks, Tom put the bottle down in front of Mary.
Let's put the past behind us.
We put up a tent.
Tom was accused of putting something in Mary's drink.
Tom tried to put Mary at ease.
Tom should be put in prison.
Tom put his shirt back on.
Tom put his house up for sale.
Tom put the note into his pocket.
Tom put the money in the safe.
Tom put the money in the bank.
Tom put the key in the lock.
Tom put the gun to his head.
Tom put the box on the table.
Tom put the book on the table.
Tom put the book on the shelf.
Tom put the book on the desk.
Tom put some coins in the box.
Tom put on latex gloves.
Tom put on his suit jacket.
Tom put on his backpack.
Tom put on a pair of shades.
Tom put off going to Boston.
Tom put in a good word for me.
Tom put his thoughts on paper.
Tom put his seatbelt back on.
Tom put his hand over Mary's.
Tom put his hand on his pregnant wife's belly.
Tom put his goggles back on.
Tom put his affairs in order.
Tom put his hand over the microphone.
Tom put bait on the hook.
Tom put aside a lot of money.
Tom put an arm around Mary.
Tom put a tape in the VCR.
Tom put a stamp on the letter.
Tom put a knife to my throat.
Tom put a kettle on the stove.
Tom put a cover over his car.
Tom is usually the one who puts the children to bed.
Tom is putting on his shoes.
Tom is putting on his coat.
Tom is putting his house up for sale.
Tom is always putting on airs.
Tom couldn't remember where he put his pen.
Mom, when's supper?
Tom was putting stuff in a box.
Tom started to put his coat on, but then decided to stay a bit longer.
Tom put his hands in the air.
Tom put the plan into practice.
Tom put the hairbrush back in the drawer.
Tom put the bowl of popcorn on the table.
Tom put some money in the jukebox.
Tom put on an apron.
Tom put his hands on his hips.
Tom put his hand on Mary's arm.
Tom put his bag under the table.
Tom put an envelope on Mary's desk.
Tom put a band-aid on his finger.
Tom insisted I put on this bulletproof vest.
Tom helped Mary put her coat on.
Tom has put on weight recently.
Tom had to put up with me all through high school.
Tom didn't put you up to this, did he?
Let me put it another way.
That's a euphemism.
I miss you so much!
Islam is flawless, but Muslims are not.
All that I want is you!
With him there was his son, a young squire, a lover and a lusty bachelor, with locks curled as if they had been laid in a press.
He had a yeoman, but no other servants at that time, because it pleased him to ride that way.
Her strongest oath was merely "By Saint Loy!", and she was called Madame Eglentine.
I can tell a noble tale for the occasion, with which I will now match the Knight's tale.
What more should I say, but that this miller would not put aside his words for anyone, telling his boorish tale in his manner? I think I shall repeat it here.
Please, write it down.
How many windows are there in this class?
I finished writing.
When she looked, the men were building the way.
I will also go to settle this matter.
Because she was so happy, she did not know what to say at the beginning.
Tom put down the phone.
She works for a large corporation.
When it comes to musical instruments, the more you practice, the more skilled you become.
Tom couldn't come to terms with what had happened.
No rush, but let's take the next bus.
Tom didn't believe that Mary was capable of doing such a thing.
This is a non-stop flight bound for Tokyo.
Tom is finding it hard to come to terms with Mary's infidelity.
I'm not so sure about that. I suppose it depends on the situation.
Tom took Mary back when her affair with her boss didn't work out.
Tom said he needed some time to work things out.
Will you put that thing away?
We had to put off our trip.
Tom was suddenly put on the spot.
Tom tried to put the ring on Mary's finger, but she wouldn't let him.
Tom tried to put the broken pieces back together.
Tom tried to put the blame on me.
Tom stood up and put on his hat.
Tom stood and put on his coat.
Tom started to put his tools away.
Tom puts lots of sugar in his coffee.
Tom puts aside some money each week.
Tom puts aside a few dollars every month.
Tom put up with the pain.
Tom put too much sugar in my coffee.
Tom put the walkie-talkie down.
Tom put the videotape in the player.
Tom put the skis on top of the car.
Tom put the ring on Mary's finger.
Tom put the pliers back into the toolbox.
Tom put the photo album away.
Tom put the pencil down on the desk.
Tom put the magazine on the coffee table.
Tom put the first aid kit back where he found it.
Tom put the dirty dishes in the sink.
Tom put the diamonds into the safe.
Tom put the corn in the pot on the stove.
Tom put the coins into the box.
Tom put the chicken in the oven.
Tom put the car in the garage.
Tom put the car in gear and drove away.
Tom put the bottle of whiskey in front of Mary.
Tom put the book in his bag.
Tom put the bird back in its cage.
Tom put the ashtray in front of Mary.
Tom put something in the water.
Tom put out his hand and stopped Mary.
Tom put on rubber gloves.
Tom put on his sweater wrong side out.
Tom put on his sweater inside out.
Tom put on his new shoes.
Tom put on his coat and went out.
Tom put on his black suit and white tie.
Tom put on a pair of latex gloves.
Tom put on a pair of boxing gloves.
Tom put off his trip to Australia.
Tom put his suitcase in the trunk of the car.
Tom put his headphones back on.
Tom put his head out of the window.
Tom put his head down on the table.
Tom put his hands over Mary's mouth.
Tom put his hands over his mouth.
Tom put his hands on my shoulders.
Tom put his hand to his forehead.
Tom put his hand over Mary's mouth.
Tom put his hand over his mouth.
Tom put his hand out to stop Mary.
Tom put his hand on Mary's forehead to see if she had a fever.
Tom put his finger to his lips.
Tom put his feet up on his desk.
Tom put his duffel bag in the back of the jeep.
Tom put his cell phone on his desk.
Tom put his cell phone away.
Tom put his backpack on the back seat of the car.
Tom put his arm around Mary's waist.
Tom put down the box he was holding.
Tom put all his stuff in a box.
Tom put all his money in the safe.
Tom put a cup of hot coffee in front of Mary.
Tom needs help putting a TV antenna on his roof.
Tom must've put up a fight.
Tom must've been the one who put the drugs in my bag.
Tom leaned over to put on his shoes.
Tom is putting the children to bed.
Tom is putting on his jogging shoes.
Tom is likely to be put on probation.
Tom has put his house up for sale.
Tom has a little money put aside.
Tom got up to put on his jacket.
Tom got out of bed and put his clothes on.
Tom folded the letter and put it into the envelope.
Tom began putting on his shoes.
They tried to put us out of business.
The police officer put handcuffs on Tom.
That puts it in perspective.
Now where did I put the key?
Mary put on some bright red lipstick.
Mary put her head on Tom's shoulder.
Don't forget to put it on your schedule.
Tom said he needed to sort a few things out.
Tom said he needed to split up with Mary for a while, so he could sort himself out.
Tom and Mary decided to split up for a while, so they could each think about whether they wanted to stay together.
What must I do to convince you?
You knew this would happen!
Tom's easily offended.
Tom takes offence at the slightest thing.
Tom's mower broke down when he was half way through mowing his lawn.
Tom wasn't bothered in the slightest when he didn't get the job he'd applied for.
Tom ran over a stone with his mower and it smashed his neighbour's car window.
Tom hasn't shared any public photos yet.
A single day can change the course of history.
We plan to put Tom in an all-boys school.
Tom told Mary where to put her suitcase.
Tom put the toys in the basket.
Tom put the folding chairs away.
Tom put some sugar and milk in his tea.
Tom put salt in his tea by mistake.
Tom put out the fire with a bucket of water.
Tom put on some climbing boots.
Tom put on his cufflinks.
Tom put on his coat and left the house.
Tom put on a brave face.
Tom put his wallet back into his pocket.
Tom put his hands up in front of him.
Tom put his briefcase behind his desk.
Tom put down his drink.
Tom put both hands on Mary's shoulder.
Tom put a thermometer in his mouth.
Tom put a hand on Mary's right shoulder.
Tom got a blanket and put it over Mary.
The operator refused to put Tom's call through.
Mary put on her new dress for the party.
Mary put her knitting aside and stood up.
I put my desk by the window.
What do I have to do to convince you?
I'm the one that convinced Tom to join the army.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to join the army.
I don't like the way she speaks to me.
He woke from his slumber.
You're still not convinced we're telling the truth, are you?
You don't seem too convinced about it.
You don't have to convince me. You have to convince Tom.
You don't have to convince me of that.
Why are you convinced Tom is guilty?
What's it going to take to convince you?
What we have to do is convince Tom.
What do I have to say to convince you?
What convinced you Tom wasn't guilty?
What convinced you that you were wrong?
What can I say to convince you?
What can I do to convince you?
We need to convince Tom to come.
We have to convince Tom to stay here.
Tom is convinced that he's a relative of mine.
Tom wasn't convinced.
Tom wasn't convinced it was a good idea.
Tom was convinced that Mary liked him.
Tom was convinced he'd been betrayed.
Tom was convinced, but I wasn't.
Tom tried to convince Mary to stay in Boston.
Tom tried to convince me to do that.
Tom tried to convince Mary to knit him a scarf.
Tom tried to convince Mary that the plan wouldn't work.
Tom tried to convince everyone that he was innocent.
Tom still isn't totally convinced.
Tom is the one who convinced Mary to help.
Tom is the one I really have to convince.
Tom is convinced that Mary is the woman for him.
Tom is convinced that Mary is still alive somewhere.
Tom is convinced he's right.
Tom gave up trying to convince Mary to babysit his kids.
Tom finally convinced Mary to bake a birthday cake for John.
Tom couldn't convince Mary to go home.
Tom couldn't convince Mary to buy his car.
Tom couldn't convince Mary to accept his money.
Tom could tell Mary wasn't convinced.
Tom convinced me you were the best person for the job.
Tom convinced me to stay.
Tom convinced me to do it.
Tom can be pretty convincing.
Tom can be pretty convincing when he wants to be.
This is pretty convincing stuff.
That's not the way to convince anyone.
OK, I'm convinced.
Maybe you can convince Tom to do that, but I doubt it.
Maybe you can convince Tom not to leave.
Maybe I can convince Tom to talk to Mary.
It's not me you have to convince.
It's my job to convince you.
It's clear that Tom is not yet convinced.
It'll be difficult to convince Tom to help us clean the garage.
I'm not entirely convinced that what Tom said is true.
I'm convinced Tom is lying.
I think I could convince Tom to put you on the list.
I might need some convincing.
I have to convince Tom to go with us.
How did Tom convince you to come?
How can we convince Tom that it wasn't his fault?
Do you think we convinced Tom?
Are you still convinced Tom was the one who did it?
He goes to school early.
Does he go to school early?
I don't watch the TV in the afternoon.
Do you watch the TV in the morning?
We listened to music yesterday.
We didn't listen to music.
Did you listen to music last night?
I drank tea yesterday.
I didn't drink tea yesterday.
Did you drink tea yesterday?
I'm Mexican.
You have to tell him.
This will be another magical evening with our extended family.
Tom was good and drunk.
Tom used to drink.
Tom used to drink beer.
Tom took a sip of Mary's drink.
Tom took a long drink.
Tom stopped drinking.
Tom looks like he's drunk.
Tom is really drunk.
Tom is one of my old drinking buddies.
Tom is old enough to drink.
Tom is good and drunk.
Tom is drinking water.
Tom is drinking tea.
Tom is a bit drunk.
Tom has had too much to drink.
Tom handed a drink to Mary.
Tom got me drunk last night.
Tom drank the rest of what was in the bottle.
Tom drank my apple juice.
Tom bought me drinks all night.
I'm not going to drink this.
I'll buy Tom a drink.
I spilled my drink.
I must be drunk.
I bought Tom some drinks.
Go on Tom, drink it.
Can I get you a drink, Tom?
Durham is an English town.
You drink too much, Tom.
Tom usually drinks diet root beer.
Tom's doctor advised him to stop drinking.
Tom was too drunk to drive home.
Tom wanted something cold to drink.
Tom walked up to the counter and ordered a drink.
Tom took the drink away from Mary.
Tom took a long drink of water.
Tom thinks I'm going to drink this, but I'm not.
Tom set his drink down.
Tom saw Mary drinking something, but he wasn't sure what it was.
Tom sat at the bar drinking.
Tom said he needed something to drink.
Tom returned to the table with the drinks.
Tom put the drinks on the table.
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't drink anymore.
Tom is too drunk to drive home.
Tom has had quite a lot to drink.
The flight attendant brought Tom a drink.
I thought you quit drinking.
Have you ever been drunk?
Don't let Tom drink any more.
You need to tell Tom what happened.
You are very handsome and always so strong.
What kind of films do you prefer?
Who wrote Romeo and Juliet?
How many pairs of shoes have you got?
Which do you prefer among these books?
Tom's doctor advised him to give up drinking.
Tom's doctor advised him to drink more milk.
Tom watched Mary pour a drink.
Tom swallowed the last of his drink.
Tom stood at the bar having a drink.
Tom set a drink in front of Mary.
Tom mistakenly drank poison.
Tom just drank the last cup of coffee. We'll have to make another pot.
Tom has had a little too much to drink.
Tom got drunk and became very talkative.
Tom gave Mary something hot to drink.
Tom finished his drink and asked for another one.
Tom drank straight from the bottle.
The bartender brought Tom his drink.
How about getting Tom a cold drink?
Are you trying to get me drunk?
We plan to drink champagne at midnight.
Tom was drunk and his speech was slurred.
Tom was drunk and forgot where he'd parked his car.
Tom was advised by his doctor to give up drinking.
Tom tried to get Mary to drink some water.
Tom took a sip of his drink and then set it down.
Tom took a long drink from the glass of water.
Tom started drinking after his wife left him.
Tom set his drink down on the counter.
Tom says he only drinks one beer a day.
Tom prefers drinking coffee without sugar.
Tom poured the tomato soup in his mug and drank it.
Tom must have drunk too much last night.
Tom is out having drinks with Mary.
Tom gets drunk almost every day.
Tom drank three glasses of wine at the party.
Tom and I are going out for a drink.
Let me fix us a couple of drinks first.
I forgot to pay for the drinks.
Do you want to have a drink with us?
Tom went up to the bar and ordered a drink.
Tom handed Mary his canteen and she took a drink.
Tom bumped into Mary and spilled his drink on her.
He thinks that he's the center of the universe.
I slept on the boat.
Yesterday, my fiancée had two orgasms.
Even though he's my neighbour, I don't know him very well.
It is necessary to protect the national unity.
You shouldn't say those things near children.
I might have already seen this film, but I don't remember any of it!
He owns a very big house.
This box is full of apples.
Weld the outer edge to match the one provided on the plate.
Tom went down on one knee and asked Mary to marry him.
"Heart" and "choir" have the same pronunciation.
She hates you, it seems.
There are different types of niqab, some of which cover the entire face.
It's o'clock. The children must go to bed. They have school tomorrow.
I have problems concentrating.
As I have learned English and French at school, it hasn't been hard for me to understand some words in Esperanto, even without having learned them.
It's not uncommon for a divorced couple to marry each other again some years after their initial divorce.
Farmers have to get used to dealing with the variability of the weather.
Climate variability and weather extremes make farming a very challenging way to earn a living.
Farmers today use technology not available to their forebears, to maximise yields from their crops and livestock.
Corn yields in the U.S. have increased fivefold over the past seventy years, thanks to advances in agricultural technology.
You may take a photo.
Coping with the vagaries of the weather is part and parcel of being a farmer.
Tom is trying to trace his birth mother.
Tom, who was adopted at birth, only met his biological mother for the first time a few weeks ago.
Tom's a hopeless romantic.
Tom and Mary purchased a small parcel of land on the edge of town, where they plan to grow vegetables.
I received a letter yesterday which was written in English.
This sea lion can balance a ball on its nose.
Tom was furious when he saw Mary kiss someone else.
The Sun is over 300,times more massive than the Earth.
Tom's apartment is located within walking distance of the city center.
It's only a minute walk from the train station.
Tom's apartment is within walking distance of the train station.
You must have been furious when Tom quit without notice.
Why aren't you furious with me?
Tom will be furious when he finds out.
Tom made Mary furious.
Tom looks absolutely furious.
Tom is really furious with the way things are going.
Tom is furious that Mary is going to Boston without him.
Tom is furious at what Mary did.
Right now, I'm furious.
It was a furious battle.
It makes me furious.
If you refuse, Tom will be furious.
If Tom was angry before, he'll be furious now.
If Tom had done that to me, I'd be furious.
The villa is only a five minutes walk from the beach.
Tom realized it was hopeless.
Tom knew that it was hopeless.
Tom is a hopeless idiot.
Don't you know it's hopeless?
Even though Tom is my neighbor, I don't know him very well.
Tom is my neighbor, but I don't know him very well.
Mary's mother is Lakota and her father is a Mongol.
The politician was caught on camera kissing a woman who is not his wife.
Why do you sound so surprised?
Tom was the only one aboard the ship when it sank.
You have a phone call from a man who says he's your neighbor.
Why don't we introduce ourselves to our neighbors?
Tom often complains about his neighbors.
Tom killed my neighbor's cat.
Tom is our next-door neighbor.
Tom is one of my neighbors.
Tom didn't get along with his neighbors.
Tom and Mary were neighbors.
The next-door neighbor looked out the window when Tom yelled.
The neighbor walks off leaving a frustrated Tom alone.
Our neighbors are having a party and have invited us.
One of your neighbors complained.
One of your neighbors complained about all the junk in your front yard.
One of my neighbors called and said I left one of my windows open.
My neighbors usually have their TV on all night long.
My neighbors complained about the noise we made last night.
Let's introduce ourselves to our neighbors.
It's not a good idea to date your neighbor.
I hardly ever talk to my neighbors.
I can usually hear my neighbor's TV.
I can often hear my neighbors arguing.
Do the new neighbors have any kids?
Close the curtains so the neighbors can't see in.
After Tom's house was broken into, the police questioned his neighbors.
After our noisy party the other night, we had a lot of angry neighbors.
A few of the neighbors came by to welcome us to the neighborhood.
The permafrost is thawing.
Tom was the only one who thanked me.
Tom was the only one who ever tried to help.
Tom was the only one who didn't laugh at Mary's joke.
Tom was the only one who could've stolen Mary's money.
Tom was the only one who came early.
Tom was the only one to survive the crash.
Tom was the only one there for me when I really needed someone.
Tom was the only one studying when I entered the classroom.
Tom was the only one on the ship when it exploded.
Tom was the only one Mary talked to.
Tom was the only one in the room that didn't notice Mary leave.
Tom was the only one found alive on the island.
Tom is the only one who can get Mary to smile.
Tom is the only one of us who isn't Canadian.
Tom is the only one not invited to my party.
Tom is the only one in this group who owns a truck.
Tom is the only one in our class who hasn't been to Boston.
Tom is the only one here with a driver's license.
Tom is the only one here who knows how to speak French.
Tom is the only one here who doesn't speak French.
Tom is the only in our class that Mary doesn't get along with.
Tom said I was the only one who said thank you.
Tom said I was the only one who believed him.
Tom is the only person I've ever really hated.
Tom is the only person I've ever really been in love with.
Tom is the only person I'd consider giving this to.
My car is the only one that didn't run out of gas.
I'm the only one with a key to this room.
I was the only one who knew Tom was coming.
I was the only one who knew about that.
I don't think Tom is the only one who had to go to the hospital.
I don't think Tom is the only one who doesn't have enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't want her.
What's really going on here?
Yesterday it was a butcher shop.
I have to go to the butcher shop to buy some meat.
The criminal tried to make Tom's death look like an accident.
Tom tried to make Mary's suicide look like an accident.
Tom tried to make up for his lack of sleep by taking a nap.
Tom tried to make Mary happy.
Tom tried to make Mary happy, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to make friends with Mary.
Tom tried to make both ends meet.
Tom tried to make a difference.
Tom tried to make a break for it.
I have to push my bike because one of the tyres is flat.
I couldn't be any more grateful than I am right now.
I would be grateful if you could do that for me.
If you'd been helpful, I would have been grateful.
Electric computers provide managers with detailed, up-to-date information.
It was hard to get the access to the building.
He kept talking to people.
His friend is an ex-Senator.
His friend knows an ex-Senator.
He gave him access to the building.
For the director, it's a thriller.
Fantasy is based on reality.
There are more intimate elements.
He came in company with his mother.
The show is confirmed.
Are we going by car or by taxi?
You have a spider on the ceiling!
Marie had the appetite of a bird.
Mary isn't going out with Tom, she's going out with Konrad.
Do you want to try?
After Mary saw a squirrel for the first time, she was very excited and drew many pictures of squirrels.
Tom bought a squirrel magnet and put it on the fridge.
Tom's parents returned a day early from their vacation.
She followed the doctor's suggestions.
Mary couldn't believe what she was hearing.
He has phoned me.
If students don't come, the lesson doesn't start.
That's a nice brooch.
What is a friend? A soul that lives in two bodies.
I believe in friendship at first sight.
Nothing is more precious in this world than the feeling of being wanted.
To love and to be loved, these are the biggest forms of happiness.
Tom opened the door for her.
Stop being nosey.
Life means nothing without friends.
Friends are our link with a bigger world.
Today is a beautiful day for a picnic.
They fell deeply in love.
It will be our secret.
He was as drunk as a lord.
Tom finally got the nerve to ask Mary out.
Tom was so nervous that he almost threw up.
I was so nervous I almost threw up.
Howl all you want, I will not have pity!
I will marry you.
Tom put on so much weight that he had to get a bigger belt.
Tom put on so much weight that he had to have his pants let out.
Today was a beautiful day.
I think you make a lovely couple.
They make a lovely couple.
Don't encourage her.
Don't encourage him.
You make such a lovely couple.
You'd make a lovely couple.
It's a wonderful day for a picnic.
I like picnics.
It was the perfect day for a picnic.
Tom's mother packed the picnic basket with sandwiches.
Tom and Mary had a romantic picnic by the river.
What about a picnic?
Mary unfolded the blanket and spread it out over the grass.
This is the perfect place for a romantic picnic.
Promise me you won't laugh.
Promise me you won't make fun of me.
Come help me make the salad.
I love opening fortune cookies.
I love reading the messages hidden inside fortune cookies.
How do fortunes get inside of fortune cookies?
Mary posted a picture of her cookies on Pinterest.
His eyes were glowing.
Tom and his squirrel were buried together.
As a matter of fact, I won the trip to Hawaii as a prize.
My friend name is SWATI
There's a first time for everything.
Do you really think you'll get away with an excuse like that?
May I have another brochure?
Tom felt different from the other children.
Tom quickly realized that he was different from the other children.
Tom was teased because he looked different from the other children.
Tom had a hard time making friends.
Children need love and attention.
She just wants love and attention.
Children, as well as adults, crave love and attention.
I want to go play with my friends.
Tom misses his mother greatly.
They wrote letters to each other frequently.
Were you and Tom kissing in front of the house last night?
I'm living with my mom now.
He doesn't seem to like me.
She doesn't seem to like me.
Mary gave Tom a kiss on the cheek and sent him off to school.
Can I eat in my room?
Tom gave Mary a mean look.
Would you like to do something this weekend?
Get ready. The school bus will be here in a few minutes.
Have you spoken to your parents about this?
It's hard to describe.
Please, don't drive so fast.
As soon as Tom laid eyes on Mary, he knew she was the one for him.
Tom was drunk and obnoxious at the party.
I see no conspiracy here.
I see no conspiracy there.
Mary's mother had misgivings about Mary marrying Tom.
Tom wears thick glasses.
This book is really small!
The Esperanto word ‘okazo’ originally meant both ‘occasion’ and ‘case’, as the Russian ‘случай’ does, while ‘kazo’ only meant ‘case in declension’. Owing to Western influence, ‘kazo’ started to mean ‘case in court’, then ‘case in general’.
No rights reserved.
The ailing aunt let out a sigh.
The guests have arrived early, but luckily I had already finished cooking.
When I got up, Mike had already left.
We used to live in London three years ago, then we moved here.
I was sleeping when my train arrived at the station, so I didn't get off.
You've got to help, too.
You've got to help us.
You've got to help me learn to drive.
You've been a lot of help.
You've been a great help already.
You've been a big help.
You're the only one who can help Tom.
You're going to help me, aren't you?
You'd better go help Tom.
You still need help.
You should expect help from Tom.
You should ask the doctor for something to help you sleep.
You need to get help, Tom.
You may have to help Tom.
You know I would do anything to help you.
You have to help Tom.
You don't need my help anymore.
You can't help Tom.
Would it help if Tom went with you?
With Tom's help, I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
Will you help us?
Will you help me with Tom?
Will it help to say that?
Why would someone with Tom's experience need our help?
Why should Tom help you?
Why don't you see if you can help Tom?
Why don't you help me?
Why doesn't Tom want to help Mary?
Why doesn't Tom help you?
Why does Tom want to help Mary?
Why didn't you help Tom escape?
Why didn't Tom try to help Mary?
Why did you help Tom escape?
Why did you help me?
Why aren't you giving Tom the help he needs?
Who's helping you?
Who's going to help me?
Who do you think helped Tom?
Who did you help?
Where were you when Tom needed help?
When Tom smiled at Mary, she couldn't help but smile back.
What possible help could that be?
What can I do to help Tom?
We've got to help Tom.
We've got to go and help Tom.
We've got to get you some help.
We've come to help.
We're going to help.
We're going to help Tom.
We're going to have to ask for Tom's help.
We're counting on your help.
We'll need help.
We'll help Tom, but not now.
We need your help finding Tom.
We need you to help us.
We need you to help protect Tom.
We need to get Tom some help.
We need to get some help.
We must try and get some help from Tom.
We must try and get some help for Tom.
We can't help you.
We can use all the help we can get.
We can help you find Tom.
Tom wrote Mary a letter and thanked her for her help.
Tom wouldn't let me help him.
Tom would've helped us.
Tom would've failed without Mary's help.
Tom would want me to help.
Tom would be happy to help you, I'm sure.
Tom won't help Mary and neither will I.
Tom wished there was more he could do to help.
Tom will tell us how we can help.
Tom will help you if you ask.
Tom will help whoever asks him to help.
Tom will get all the help he needs.
Tom will die without your help.
Tom went to Mary's house to help her.
Tom went to help Mary up.
Tom went out of his way to help me.
Tom went out of his way to help me when I needed help.
Tom wasn't sure how he could help.
Tom wasn't strong enough to help his father on the farm.
Tom wasn't able to help Mary.
Tom was trying to help.
Tom was trying to help you.
Tom was trying to help Mary.
Tom was too proud to ask for help.
Tom was the one who helped me escape from jail.
Tom was only trying to help.
Tom was only trying to help me.
Tom was kind enough to help us.
Tom was kind enough to help me.
Tom was just trying to help Mary.
Tom was just helping me out.
Tom was going to help us.
Tom was glad when Mary offered to help him in the garden.
Tom was eager to help Mary.
Tom was angry because I wouldn't give him any help.
Tom was always willing to help others.
Tom was afraid to ask for help.
Tom was a great help.
Tom was a great help to me.
Tom was a big help to us.
Tom wants you to know what he can do to help.
Tom wants to help, but isn't exactly sure how.
Tom wants me to help him with his homework.
Tom wanted to help, but he didn't have time.
Tom volunteered to help us.
Tom usually helps me with this kind of thing.
I didn't even have a chance to talk to Tom.
Tom turned to his friends for help.
Tom turned down our offer to help.
Tom tried to help me, but I told him I didn't need his help.
Tom tried to help Mary.
Tom tried to help Mary up.
Tom tried to help Mary understand what was happening.
Tom tried to get me to help him.
Tom took out his cell phone and called for help.
Tom told us he wasn't allowed to help.
Tom told me you're going to help him.
Tom told me you need help.
Tom told me you might be able to help.
Tom told Mary that he needed her help.
Tom told his children to help each other.
Tom thinks he may be able to help you.
Tom thanked us for our help.
Tom stepped in to help.
Tom shouted for help, but no one came.
Tom shouldn't need any more help.
Tom shouldn't need any help.
Tom should help Mary more often.
Tom should be asking us for help.
Tom sent money to help Mary care for her children.
Tom sent me back to help.
Tom seems reluctant to help me.
Tom screamed for help, but no one came.
Tom says he's going to try to help you find Mary.
Tom says he wants to help you.
Tom says he can help us.
Tom says he can help me write the report.
Tom said you could use my help.
Tom said that Mary would help me.
Tom said that Mary helped you.
Tom said that Mary helped him.
Tom said that he'd help me.
Tom said that he needed my help.
Tom said he'd help me get what I need.
Tom said he'd help me find what I need.
Tom said he'd help me do what I needed to do.
Tom said he was going to try to help us.
Tom said he needed my help, so I helped him.
Tom requested our help.
Tom requested help.
Tom requested help, but no one came.
Tom rejected our offer of help.
Tom refused to help.
Tom refused my offer to help him.
Tom refused my help and did it on his own.
Tom really needs our help.
Tom ran over to help Mary.
Tom promised to help me, but he didn't.
Tom often helps others.
Tom often helps me in the garden.
Tom offered to help me.
Tom offered his help to us.
Tom never helps me out.
Tom needs your help to do it.
Tom needs your help more than I do.
Tom needs your help just as much as I do.
Tom needs to help Mary.
Tom needs our help and I'm going to make sure he gets it.
Tom needs help now.
Tom needs help nearly as badly as we do.
Tom needs help getting dressed.
Tom needs financial help.
Tom needed our help, so we helped him.
Tom might help if you asked him to.
Tom might be able to help Mary.
Tom may need some help.
Tom may be able to help.
Tom made no move to help Mary.
Tom looked like he needed help.
Tom knows I've helped you.
Tom knew that he was going to need some help.
Tom knew better than to try to help Mary.
Tom isn't the type of person who asks others for help.
Tom isn't here to help us.
Tom isn't going to help, is he?
Tom isn't going to help Mary.
Tom is waiting for someone to help him.
Tom is trying to help you.
Tom is too proud to ask for help.
Tom is the person I think can help you.
Tom is the only person who can probably help us do that.
Tom is the only one who can help you do that.
Tom is the one who helped us the other day.
Tom is the one who helped me.
Tom is sure to help you.
Tom is helping me right now.
Tom is asking us to help him.
I have trouble concentrating.
Tom is someone who might be able to help us.
Tom is ready to help.
Tom is mad because I let you help me.
Tom is looking for help.
Tom is just trying to help.
Tom is in need of our help.
Tom is here to help you.
Tom is here to help us find Mary.
Tom is helping Mary with her research.
Tom is helping Mary get ready.
Tom is helping Mary get ready for the party.
Tom is helping Mary get ready for her trip.
Tom is helping Mary decorate for her party.
Tom is helping Mary clear the table.
Tom is helping Mary carry in her suitcases.
Tom is helping his mother with dinner.
Tom is helping his mother in the kitchen.
Tom is going to help you.
Tom is going to help Mary.
Tom is genuinely trying to help.
Tom is doing that to help Mary, not me.
Tom is busy at the moment. May I help you?
Tom is always willing to help others.
Tom insisted on helping me.
Tom hired Mary to help him.
Tom helps out in his father's store.
Tom helped the police catch the thief.
Tom helped the old man cross the road.
Tom helped the old man across the street.
Tom helped pack Mary's things in boxes.
Tom helped me to carry the trunk.
Tom helped me pack my suitcase.
Tom helped me move.
Tom helped me fix my watch.
Tom helped me find my way here.
Tom helped me do my homework.
Tom helped me carry the baggage.
Tom helped Mary when she was in trouble.
Tom helped Mary wash her car.
Tom helped Mary up the stairs.
Tom helped Mary pick up her stuff.
Tom helped Mary open the crate.
Tom helped Mary move the sofa.
Tom helped Mary in the garden.
Tom helped Mary get into her wheelchair.
Tom helped Mary get back on her feet.
Tom helped Mary fold the laundry.
Tom helped Mary clean up.
Tom helped Mary carry water from the well.
Tom helped John tie his tie.
Tom helped himself to another serving of mashed potatoes.
Tom helped himself to a cookie.
Tom helped get me into this school.
Tom helped cook lunch.
Tom helped an old lady cross the road.
Tom heard someone calling for help.
Tom heard I was helping Mary.
Tom heard a cry for help.
Tom has requested help.
Tom has offered to help.
Tom has no intention of helping us.
Tom has never been willing to help us before.
Tom has helped me so much.
Tom has helped me many times.
Tom has helped me in the past.
Tom has helped me countless times.
Tom has helped a lot of people in this town.
Tom has got to help us.
Tom has gone to get help.
Tom has come to us for help.
Tom has come to help us.
Tom has been helping me plan Mary's birthday party.
Tom has been helping me get ready for my trip.
Tom had no intention of helping Mary.
Tom got up to help Mary.
Tom dropped everything he was doing to help Mary.
Tom doesn't like to ask for help from people he doesn't know.
Tom doesn't know you were helping me.
Tom doesn't help me very often.
Tom did it without my help.
Tom decided to do what he could to help Mary.
Tom cried for help, but nobody heard him.
Tom couldn't help overhearing Mary and John's conversation.
Tom couldn't help noticing that Mary was staring at him.
Tom couldn't help but smile slightly.
Tom couldn't help but laugh.
Tom couldn't help but cry.
Tom couldn't help but blush.
Tom couldn't have done what he did without some help.
Tom could've helped me, but he didn't.
Tom could be a big help to you, I think.
Tom can't help you anymore.
Tom can help you find what you're looking for.
Tom can help us get away.
Tom can help Mary out.
Tom came to ask for help.
Tom came here to help us.
Tom called out for help.
Tom begged me to help him.
Tom asked me to help him paint his house.
Tom asked me not to help him.
Tom asked me for help when he was in trouble.
Tom asked Mary to help John clean the garage.
Tom asked Mary to help him clean the garage.
Tom asked Mary to help decorate his Christmas tree.
Tom asked for your help.
Tom and Mary often help each other.
Tom and his friends helped me carry the piano.
Tom always tries to help others.
Tom always tries to help other people.
Tom always expects me to help him.
This medicine should help you stop coughing.
This medicine should help you get well.
This is why I need help.
This is something I can help you with.
This information may help you find a cure.
This blanket will help keep Tom warm.
There's nothing Tom can do to help us.
There's nothing Tom can do to help me.
There's nothing Tom can do to help Mary.
There's nothing I can do to help Tom.
There was nothing Tom could do to help.
There was nothing I could do to help.
There was nothing I could do to help Tom.
There must be some way we can help Tom.
The person who can help you is Tom.
The person helping Tom is Mary.
That's a great help.
That's a big help.
Thanks for trying to help.
Thanks for helping with dinner.
Thanks for helping Tom.
Thanks for helping me fix my car.
Thanks a lot for helping out.
Thanks a lot for helping me today.
Thank you for helping me with my essay.
Thank you for helping me clean out the garage.
Thank Tom for the help.
Tell Tom to help us.
Tell Tom to help me.
So, are you going to help me or not?
So, are you going to help me fix this or not?
Since I'm busy, maybe Tom can help you.
Shouldn't you be helping Tom?
Shouldn't we try and help Tom?
See if you can do something to help Tom.
See if there's anything you can do to help Tom.
Please let us help you.
Please let me help you.
Please help me find a job.
Perhaps you can help.
Of course, I'll help.
None of us think Tom will help us.
Nobody wants to help Tom.
No one was able to help Tom.
Maybe you can help me out here.
Maybe you can help me find out where Tom went.
Maybe you can help me find out what I need to know.
Maybe Tom will help us find Mary.
Maybe Tom could help.
Maybe Tom could help us with that.
Maybe Tom can help me.
Maybe I can help you.
Let's help Tom.
Let us help you.
Let Tom help you.
Let me help you with your suitcases.
It's too late to help Tom.
It's nice of you to help me.
It might help if you were the one who told Tom not to do that.
It might help if you talk to Tom yourself.
It looks like Tom could use a little help.
It doesn't really sound like you want to help me.
It doesn't really sound like you want my help.
Is Tom still helping out at your restaurant?
Is Tom going to help Mary?
Is there something that I can help you with?
Is there anything else I can help Tom with?
Is there anything else I can do to help?
Instead of complaining, maybe Tom should just help us do it correctly.
If you let me, I can help you.
If you don't help me, it won't get finished on time.
If you don't help me, I won't be able to do it.
If Tom said he'd help, he will.
If Tom needs help, we can give it to him.
If there's something I can do, I want to help.
I'm sure Tom would be happy to help you with that.
I'm not going to help Tom.
I'm not going to be able to help Tom.
I'm just not so sure we should be helping Tom.
I'm here to help Tom get ready for the party.
I'll stay and help any way I can.
I'll help you up.
I'll help you in any way I can.
I'll ask Tom if he needs any help.
I'd sure like to help Tom.
I'd like to stay and help, but I'm needed elsewhere.
I'd like to help, but I don't know how.
I'd like to help you, but I'm a bit busy right now.
I'd like to help you, but I can't.
I wonder if Tom could help us.
I was able to do it with a little help from Tom.
I wanted to help Tom pay his bills.
I tried to help Tom.
I told you I wanted to help.
I thought you might not want to help us.
I think you said you wanted to help Tom.
I think you need some help.
I think Tom needs a little help.
I think Tom doesn't want our help.
I think Tom can help us do that.
I think the only person who can help you is Tom.
I think one of us ought to stay and help Tom.
I think it might help if you'd talk to Tom yourself.
I thanked Tom for his help.
I still think Tom could help.
I said that I would help Tom.
I really need your help here.
I promised Tom I'd help him.
I plan to help Tom with his experiment.
I need your help on something.
I need you to help me here.
I need Tom's help on this.
I need to help Tom.
I need help solving this problem.
I might need some help.
I might be able to help Tom.
I let Tom talk me into helping him.
I know that we can help.
I hope Tom was able to help you.
I helped Tom carry in the suitcases.
I heard you were injured trying to help Tom.
I don't think Tom will help us.
I don't think this is going to help any.
I couldn't have helped Tom, even if I'd wanted to.
I couldn't have done anything without Tom's help.
I could use a little help in here.
I could really use your help on something.
I could hear Tom yelling for help.
I can't help you with that.
I can help Tom out.
I can help Tom find what he needs.
I bet Tom could help you with that.
I begged Tom to help me.
How is Tom going to help you?
How else can I help you?
How can we help you?
How can I be of help?
Hey, can you help me with something?
Here, let me help you.
Helping Tom was a mistake.
Help me zip up my dress.
Help me out, will you?
Help me find my contact lens.
Help me clean up this mess.
Help me and I'll help Tom.
Help is coming.
Have you asked Tom for help?
Grab a rag and help me clean up this mess.
Get some help.
Don't just stand there. Come over here and help me.
Do you think you could help me with this?
Do you think you can help Tom with that?
Do you think Tom helped Mary, too?
Do you think he could help us?
Do you need any help?
Did you help Tom?
Could you stay and help me?
Could you please help me find a place to hide?
Could you just go help Tom?
Could you help us out here?
Could you help me, please?
Could you help me out a little?
Could someone please help me?
Come out here. I need help.
Can't you see Tom is trying to help you?
Can you help me with the door?
Can you help me with my homework?
Can you help me pick out an engagement ring?
Can you help me out here?
Can you help me look for it?
Can you help me here?
Can you help me get my money back from Tom?
Can you help me find it?
Can you help me figure it out?
Can you help me carry this?
Can you get help for Tom?
Can I get a little help?
Can I count on your help?
Are you willing to help?
A lot of people need our help.
As soon as you leave the station, turn left.
He can count from one to ten.
I'll just help you get started.
Mary is desperate.
The girl had to drop the idea of becoming a singer.
Love is largely a matter of luck.
He's just over thirty years old.
The customers arrive, each carrying a net or basket.
As expected, he won first place.
Give me some strong coffee as well.
He possessed a good memory.
Tom took Mary by surprise while she was in the arms of her lover.
She expresses herself in a rather stilted manner.
I have already paid. Please ship the item as rapidly as possible.
European green crabs are invading North America.
I intended to go out without anyone seeing me.
I was disfigured.
Wait for me at six o'clock.
They stopped crying.
Please come on time.
This snake's venom is very potent.
This house is environmentally friendly.
This company is using new technologies to reduce its environmental footprint.
We must protect the island's unique and fragile environment.
The island's unique flora and fauna must be protected.
Coral reefs are some of the most amazing natural habitats on Earth.
Coral reefs are threatened by climate change.
Climate change could cause the loss of 85% of coral reefs.
It takes one year for the earth to orbit around the sun.
Vegetables and fruits are an important part of a healthy diet.
Eating meat is bad for your health and for the environment.
We should eat at least five portions of fruits and vegetables every day.
He has a full beard.
This makes me so angry!
Tom says that he saw a ghost walking around the abandoned house.
Tom has a full beard.
Cat cafés are cafes where there are cats. You can watch them or play with them.
Cat cafés are popular in Japan.
Cat cafés have started opening up all over the world.
Tom yanked off John's fake beard.
Tom trims his beard with the same scissors he uses for everything else.
Tom trimmed his beard for the wedding.
Tom thought of growing a beard, but decided not to.
Tom is that man over there with a long white beard.
Tom has his beard trimmed by a barber.
Tom has grown a beard.
Tom has an amazing beard.
Tom has a thick beard.
Tom has a scraggly beard.
Tom has a nice-looking beard.
Tom has a goatee.
Tom has a beard.
Tom had a beard when he was in college.
Tom grew his beard so he'd look older.
Tom got too close to the fire and singed his beard.
There were several bearded men in the park.
That's a fake beard, isn't it?
I noticed that Tom has started growing a beard.
I like your beard.
How many of your friends have beards?
Chill it on ice.
I'll open a bank account.
He continued his research for a further ten years.
The noise startled him.
Tom's bank account has been frozen by the IRS.
Tom withdrew some money from his bank account.
Tom has various bank accounts.
Tom has a couple of bank accounts Mary doesn't know about.
Tom has a bank account in the Cayman Islands.
Tom emptied his bank account.
Tom cleaned out his bank accounts and disappeared.
I don't have much money in my bank account.
I usually eat less than my boyfriend.
He remembers meeting her once.
Don't call him an idiot.
Somehow I just can't work up any desire to study.
You're a very attractive man.
"You're a very attractive woman." "And you're a very attractive man."
She placed her hands on her hips.
I'm sure that guy must get picked on at school.
Who is Tom? One of your friends from school?
Have I ever lied to you?
Tom is not a very good lover.
Tom is not a very good liar.
Tom is not a very good dancer.
You would make an excellent spy.
Tom would make an excellent spy.
Mary would make a very good spy.
Tom is not a very good climber.
Squirrels are very good climbers.
Tom brushed his teeth and put on his pajamas.
He is neglecting his health.
Tom doesn't like vacations.
I like vacations.
This is not my idea of fun.
The trail was not clearly marked.
You look very handsome.
I have never seen a girl more beautiful than you.
Consider it done.
You should wear this more often.
I should wear this more often.
You look really gorgeous.
Tom's parents didn't come to the school play.
I don't want a present, Dad. I just want you to come home.
She could smell his cologne.
He could smell her perfume.
You'll have to ask him.
You'll have to ask her.
How in the world did you find me?
Are you hungry? I can make you a sandwich if you want.
I know you still love him.
I need to talk to you a minute.
I know that you still love me!
I know that you still love her.
Tom was stunned by the sight of the snow-capped mountains and the lush green valleys below.
Thanks. This really means a lot to me.
This really means a lot to me.
I would be surprised if Tom had never had any extramarital affairs.
They served us berries and fresh fruit for breakfast.
Mary, I'm afraid Tom hasn't been totally honest with you.
Tom, I haven't been completely honest with you.
Tom, I'm afraid I haven't been completely honest with you.
Tom started working for Mary last year.
Tom told himself that he had made the right decision.
Do you have a new girlfriend?
Do you have a new boyfriend?
We have a couple of classes together.
Can you turn on the lights? It's really dark in here.
I talk too much.
Do you think I talk too much?
Tom says I talk too much.
I never thought that he could be sick.
Mary and I have been friends since high school.
Mary and I have been friends since middle school.
Tom and I have been friends since grade school.
They're total opposites.
The Internet has been acting up lately.
How is your daughter?
This is something that's never been done before.
"To answer the latter question, one possibility is that all conscious beings are the single journeys of neurotransmitters in the existential crisis of an omnipotent entity attempting introspection." "I really, really like that hypothesis, and I never found it better formulated than how you did it here."
Most of the buildings were destroyed in World War II.
He showed his album to me.
Your secrets are safe with me.
Your secret's safe with us.
Your secret's safe with me.
You've kept secrets from me, haven't you?
You've got to keep this secret, OK?
You'll never be able to keep it a secret.
You seem to be a person with a lot of secrets.
Why is it such a big secret?
Why have you kept it a secret?
Why do we need to keep it secret?
Why didn't you keep it secret?
Where's the secret hiding place?
What's your real secret?
What makes you think I have any secrets?
We've kept it a secret from Tom.
We've been trying to keep it a secret.
We tried to keep it a secret.
We shouldn't keep secrets from each other.
We kept it secret.
We have to keep it secret.
We have to keep it a secret.
We had to keep it secret.
We had to keep it a secret.
Tom wouldn't trust me with his secret.
Tom will learn the secret sooner or later.
Tom was secretly in love with Mary.
Tom was curious to know Mary's secret.
Tom was aware of our secret plan.
Tom was always very secretive.
Tom was a member of a secret society.
Tom used to be secretive.
Tom told you all our secrets, didn't he?
Tom told me Mary's secret.
Tom told me a secret.
Tom told me a little secret about Mary.
Tom told Mary his secret.
Tom thinks Mary shouldn't keep secrets from him.
Tom talks as if he already knows the secret.
Tom seems to know the secret.
Tom seems to be secretive.
Tom seems secretive.
Tom said we needed to keep the secret.
Tom revealed the secret.
Tom revealed his secret.
Tom revealed his secret to us.
Tom let the secret out.
Tom knows the secret.
Tom kept it secret.
Tom keeps secrets.
Tom keeps his age a secret.
Tom isn't very secretive.
Tom is very secretive when it comes to talking about his childhood.
Tom is secretive, isn't he?
Tom is quite secretive.
Tom is extremely secretive.
Tom is a secretive person.
Tom has been secretly in love with Mary for years.
Tom has a secret room in his house.
Tom has a dark secret.
Tom had a secret he was hiding.
Tom had a lot of secrets.
Tom didn't tell me Mary's secret.
Tom didn't let me in on his secret.
Tom can never keep a secret.
Tom asked me to keep it secret.
Tom and Mary got married in secret.
Tom advised me to keep it secret.
This is top secret.
They kept their findings secret.
There's no secret plan.
There's no reason to keep it a secret.
There was nothing secret about it.
The informer's identity has to remain secret.
That's quite a secret.
That's one secret I'll keep.
That's my secret.
That's hardly a secret.
That'll remain our secret.
That'll always be our secret.
That was the worst kept secret in Washington.
That was a secret, wasn't it?
That sounds like a big secret.
That isn't a secret anymore.
Sooner or later, everyone will know all your secrets.
So, what's your secret?
Our club has a secret handshake.
OK, what's the secret?
Maybe Tom has a secret crush on you.
Maybe there's a secret door.
It's your turn to tell me a secret.
It's so secret that even I don't know what it's all about.
It's not a big dark secret.
It's my turn to tell you a secret.
It's hard to keep a secret from Tom.
It's difficult to keep secrets.
It's a secret, I guess.
It's a good thing you guys can't keep a secret.
It'll just be our little secret, OK?
It'll be our little secret.
It wasn't exactly a secret.
It was totally secret.
It was a mistake to keep that matter secret.
It seemed like you secretly wanted to do that.
It looks like your secret's out.
It looks like you got some more flowers from your secret admirer.
Is what you told me secret?
If you don't do what I say, I'll tell everyone your secret.
I've discovered Tom's secret formula.
I'll tell you a little secret.
I wonder what they've been keeping secret.
I wonder what the secret ingredient is.
I wish I had someone to tell all my secrets to.
I think Tom has a secret admirer.
I know you've got a secret.
I know Tom's secret.
I hear they have a secret weapon.
I guess that's not such a big secret.
I found Tom's secret hiding place.
I don't really think it's much of a secret.
How was it kept secret?
Hey, your secret's safe with me.
Here's a little secret.
Everybody's got secrets.
Don't worry. Your secret's safe with me.
Do you know what Tom's secret ingredient is?
Do you know Tom's secret formula?
Can you guys keep a secret?
Can I tell you a secret?
Can I tell you a little secret?
Are you going to show me that secret hiding place of yours?
He came on this bicycle.
He is returning to this town.
He is inside this house.
She is returning to this town.
You are much more mature than I!
Tom seems totally confused.
I never tasted one.
She's setting the table for breakfast.
His mother is a pornstar.
Her mother is a pornstar.
Your mother is a pornstar.
Their mother is a pornstar.
Go home, for today is enough.
The little girl has smiled to me.
The World will never be good, but it can be made better.
The sound wasn't very audible.
Tom and his friends made a short film.
Tom lost his temper and hit Konrad in the face.
Tom is having a big party at his house. He invited Mary and me to come.
It's not like I haven't tried.
Tom's friend asked him to come to his house after school. Tom was very excited and he ran home to ask his mother's permission.
She has a rich boyfriend.
They walked home together after school.
Why are you so hard on yourself?
On my way home, I could not stop thinking about what had happened.
I had never been so scared before.
She jumped into his arms.
Mary jumped into Tom's arms.
Does he have any friends?
Does she have any friends?
Stay away from him. He's a bad influence.
Tom says that he needs to clear his mind and relax after a stressful day at work.
As far as I'm concerned, what you do in your free time is your own business, as long as it doesn't interfere with your work.
I just need to blow off some steam.
Tom will pick me up after school.
She's just a little shy.
He's just a little shy.
Are you certain he's not just a little shy?
Tom became violently ill after eating the dinner that Mary had prepared him.
I know this is difficult for you.
Why do all the girls like him?
Why do all the guys like her?
The doctor told Tom to stay in bed and get as much rest as he can.
Tom is a lifeguard at the local swimming pool.
Tom worked as a lifeguard during the summer.
I think you're being a little hard on him.
I think you're being a little hard on her.
He's mentally unbalanced.
Tom is in a coma and the doctors are not sure if he's going to live.
Tom ordered mineral water.
Tom ordered fizzy water.
Tom ordered Perrier.
Do you like carbonated water?
I wish I could come with you, but I have a test tomorrow and I need to study.
The class were noisy today.
Who do you think will win?
What could I give Tom for his birthday?
To which animal would you compare me?
I don't know how to make friends anymore.
Tom would be my first choice.
Tom was my friend.
Mary was my friend.
I don't find this amusing.
I need some time alone.
Tom is going to stop by today.
Tom practiced hard to make the team.
Tom and Mary went on a camping trip.
She's way out your league.
Why don't you come over to my place sometime?
The birds are red.
The stone is heavy.
Go to work, send your kids to school. Follow fashion, act normal, walk on the pavements, watch TV. Save for your old age. Obey the law. Repeat with me: I am free.
Gambling isn't one of Tom's vices.
I have vices, but gambling isn't one of them.
I have many vices, but fast food isn't one of them.
I have a lot of vices, but smoking isn't one of them.
Tom says he has no vices.
You're the one with all the money.
You're the one who saved Tom's life.
You're the lucky one.
Why doesn't Tom just buy a new one?
Which one of you is Tom?
Which one of those is yours?
Which one is Tom's daughter?
Which one do you think Tom will choose?
Where is the real one?
We've only got one left.
We've given Tom one more chance.
We'll give you one more chance.
We should concentrate on one thing at a time.
We only have one more left.
Was Tom the one who told you I was here?
Trust me on this one, Tom.
Tom's the one who's scared.
Tom went from one shop to another trying to find what Mary had asked him to buy.
Tom wasn't the only one who was very hungry.
Tom wasn't the only one who was staring at Mary.
Tom wasn't the only one who was late.
Tom wasn't the only one who was busy.
Tom wasn't sure which one he should buy.
Tom was wearing a patch over one of his eyes.
Tom was the only one who was injured.
Tom was the only one who seemed to notice.
Tom was the only one who came to help.
Tom was the only one in the pool.
Tom was the one who took out the garbage this morning.
Tom was the one who told me.
Tom was the one who introduced me to this restaurant.
Tom was the one who hit me.
Tom was the one who helped me.
Tom was the one who helped me with my homework.
Tom was the one who got beaten up.
Tom was the one who gave this to me.
Tom was the one who found me.
Tom was the one that told us about the problem.
Tom was the last one to show up.
Tom was the last one out.
Tom was the last one off the bus.
Tom was the first one to notice Mary was sitting by herself.
Tom was the first one here this morning.
Tom was one of the last to leave.
Tom was one of the first to offer help.
Tom was always the strong one.
Tom tried to pull a fast one.
Tom took the eggs out of the carton one by one.
Tom took one step back.
Tom took one last look around.
Tom took more than one picture, didn't he?
Tom threw a rock at one of my dogs.
Tom stepped to one side.
Tom should be the one who does it.
Tom sent one to me.
Tom sat down on one of the chairs.
Tom said that there was one left.
Tom picked up one end of the couch and looked under it.
Tom picked up one and looked at it carefully.
Tom opened one of the bottles.
Tom might not be the only one who wants to go home early.
Tom may not be the only one who doesn't know Mary.
Tom made one more request.
Tom made one last attempt.
Tom looked back at Mary one last time.
Tom knows there's only one choice that makes any sense.
Tom Jackson was one of the names I recognized on that list.
Tom isn't the only one who's upset.
Tom isn't the only one who's hungry.
Tom isn't the only one who knows how to do that.
Tom isn't the only one I called.
Tom isn't going to like this one bit.
Tom is the tallest one in the class.
Tom is the only one who survived.
Tom is the only one who doesn't really want to be here.
Tom is the only one who doesn't look tired.
Tom is the only one who doesn't know how to do this.
Tom is the only one who can stop Mary.
Tom is the only one who came back to help.
Tom is the only one still sleeping.
Tom is the only one still in the classroom.
Tom is the only one likely to be able to convince Mary to do that.
Tom is the only one in our family who's been to Australia.
Tom is the only one in our class who really wants to study French.
Tom is the one, isn't he?
Tom is the one you need to talk to.
Tom is the one with a car.
Tom is the one who's rich.
Tom is the one who's been taking care of that.
Tom is the one who's been doing most of the work around here.
Tom is the one who woke me up.
Tom is the one who went to Boston with Mary.
Tom is the one who told us what to do.
Tom is the one who told me about what Mary did yesterday.
Tom is the one who shot Mary.
Tom is the one who said he was too busy to help, not me.
Tom is the one who found Mary's key.
Tom is the one who found Mary.
Tom is the one who feeds the dog.
Tom is the one who did it.
Tom is the one who did all this.
Tom is the one who decided that we all needed to be here.
Tom is the one that has been waiting the longest.
Tom is the one that doesn't like me.
Tom is the one I want.
Tom is the one I want to go to Boston with.
Tom is the one I told you about.
Tom is the one I saw.
Tom is the one I called.
Tom is the one I asked to help us.
Tom is the one for me.
Tom is the guilty one.
Tom is sitting in one of the chairs.
Tom is only going to have one chance to do it right.
Tom is one of the best.
Tom is one of my in-laws.
Tom is one of a kind.
Tom is always one step ahead of us.
Tom is a tough one.
Tom held one of Mary's hands, and John held the other.
Tom has only one leg.
Tom has one, too.
Tom has one for you.
Tom handed Mary one of the drinks.
Tom drank the beer in one gulp.
Tom downed his whiskey in one gulp.
Tom didn't say even one word to me.
Tom didn't even know Mary had one.
Tom covered his eyes with one hand.
Tom could only think of one way to do what needed to be done.
Tom could only think of one thing he really wanted to do.
Tom caught a big one.
Tom and Mary will probably get married one day.
This one's really nice.
This one's on us, Tom.
This one's my room, Tom.
This one's for you.
This one belongs to Tom.
This isn't one of my books.
This is the one I thought Tom would like.
This is the last one we have.
This is one of Tom's home remedies.
This is one of a kind.
There's room for one more in my car.
There's only one egg left in the refrigerator.
There's only one bullet left.
There's one other thing we need to buy.
There's one more thing you need to do.
There's one more thing we need to discuss.
There's one more place we need to stop.
There's another one in my bag.
That's the one we were looking for.
That's a tough one.
That's a good one.
That wasn't one of your better ideas.
That was a good joke. Tell us another one.
That tie looks just like the one Tom is wearing.
Tell Tom he owes me one.
Phase one is complete.
One of us will have to ask Tom what he thinks.
One of us could help Tom.
One of those people might be Tom.
One of those people may be Tom.
One of those men is Tom.
One of those boys is Tom.
One of them is lying.
One of the girls smiled at Tom.
One of the children over there is Tom.
One day you'll thank me.
One day Tom will understand.
Let's try this one here.
Let's sit at one of the tables near the back.
Let's do only one thing at a time.
Let's buy this one.
Is Tom the one who took you there?
Is Tom the one who told you that?
Is Tom one of your friends?
If we're not careful, one of us is going to get hurt.
I'm the one who killed Tom.
I'm giving Tom one last chance.
I'll give Tom one more chance.
I'll buy Tom a new one.
I think Tom is the one who'll win.
I think one of these is Tom's.
I think it was one of those men that stole Tom's camera.
I liked that song. Sing us another one like it.
I like this song better than the last one you wrote.
I heard that the earthquake was a bad one.
I haven't sold one of those in weeks.
I got one for you, too.
Here's the one I like.
Here's one for you.
Do you know which one of those boys is Tom?
The merry-go-round rotates clockwise.
She's desperate.
Tom was truly desperate.
Tom was starting to feel desperate.
Tom was desperate to sell his car.
Tom was desperate to escape.
Tom was desperate to defend his reputation.
Tom was beginning to get desperate.
Tom was a desperate fanatic.
Tom is in desperate need of money.
Tom is desperate for money.
This feels kind of desperate.
The situation is desperate.
That sounded a little desperate.
No one's that desperate.
Mary was desperate to get married.
It's kind of desperate.
It's desperate, I know.
I'm not that desperate.
I know the situation is desperate.
How desperate are you?
Do I look that desperate?
Do I look desperate to you?
Desperate people will try anything.
Desperate men do desperate things.
The best things in life are free.
I left my toolbox in the basement next to the furnace.
She set the table for supper.
Who ate the rest of the leftovers?
If I were you I would schedule a meeting with your language teacher.
I often wonder if I will ever get married.
The students chose to boycott their Political Science class for the rest of the semester in protest of their professor's suspension.
Some snakes are venimous but I still fear all of them.
Only some people will answer this question and fewer yet can answer it.
I am mostly indifferent to politics.
Can you believe that women in Switzerland didn't receive the right to vote until the 1970's?
I only believe half of what I read on the internet.
My breakfast cereal was crunchy until I added the milk.
This is an equestrian town! You will see horses everywhere.
My brother built a new shanty for ice-fishing.
The term "baby shower" is silly and confusing.
Tom isn't a very good driver.
We were in four.
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.
That made me cry.
Tom's mother was crying.
First the good God made Man, then He made Woman. After this, He took pity on Man, and gave him tobacco.
Congratulations! You are our thousandth visitor!
Finally, he let himself fall into his chair.
The best thing to do was to not talk any more about those events.
The essence of a person depends on the influence of good or bad friends.
Here's one side of the medal.
This is one side of the medal.
Hopefully!
God willing!
What's with him?
You just now understood this?
The boy is petting the cat.
This just now became understood by you?
You've got one on your desk.
You've got one now, don't you?
You're the strong one.
You're the smart one.
You're the only one I'd consider going to Boston with.
You're the only one I called.
You're the one who told me to do this.
You're the one who gave me this.
You're the one that I plan to leave all my money to.
You're the one I like.
You're one of us now.
You're not the only one who's been asked to help.
You're not the only one who owes me money.
You're going to need one.
You're going to need one, too.
You aren't one of us.
You're a sharp one.
You'll have to try one.
You'll have to get one of your own.
You'll get used to it one day.
You were right about one thing.
You take this one.
You should try one of these.
You should really get one of these.
You should get one.
You picked a nice one.
You only get one.
You need to find out which one is Tom's.
You haven't seen one, have you?
You have to pick one.
You have to choose one.
You got one right.
You get the next one.
You get one guess.
You could've been the one.
You chose a good one.
You can't eat just one.
You can't afford that one.
You always were the smart one.
Would you mind if I took the pink one?
Would you mind if I took one of these?
Would you like a bigger one?
Would you excuse us one moment?
Why would I need one?
Why don't I take this one?
Why did you buy this one?
Why can't you get one?
Who's number one?
Which one's the new one?
Which one should I get?
Which one is your sock drawer?
Which one is your jacket?
Which one is your car?
Which one do you think I should choose?
Which one do you think I should buy?
Which one are you referring to?
What's wrong with this one?
We've only got this one.
We've got one ourselves.
We've got one casualty.
We've got another one.
We've all read that one.
We've all got one.
We're still missing one.
We'll have to think about this one.
We'll handle this one.
We'll get this one.
We'll get the next one.
We'll get another one.
We owe you one.
We may have one advantage.
We made just one tiny little mistake.
We just need one shot.
We have to get a new one.
We have one more thing left to do before we can go home.
We have one last chance.
We have a meeting today at 2:30. It'll be a short one.
We get one hour for lunch.
We can get one.
We can get one for you.
Tom, you're an adult now. Try to behave like one.
Tom was the one who's been helping us.
Tom wants one.
Tom thought he could pull a fast one.
Tom owes me one.
Tom is one of my best customers.
Tom has three sons. One's almost your age.
Tom has one brother.
Tom had one of his socks on inside out.
Tom had one daughter.
Tom gave Mary one of the books that John had given him.
Tom finished drinking his beer and ordered another one.
Tom exchanged the red shirt Mary had given him for a blue one.
Tom and Mary sit next to one another in science class.
Tom and Mary looked at one another.
Tom and Mary helped one another.
Tom and Mary act like one another.
Today's going to be a hot one.
Today's flight was a rough one.
This one's supposed to be the best.
This one's still alive.
This one's really funny.
This one's pretty cool.
This one's on the house.
This one's old.
This one's no good.
This one's nice.
This one's hard to read.
This one's from me.
This one's for me.
This one's a tough one.
This one's a little harder.
This one looks pretty good.
This is the only one I have.
This is one of my favorite places.
This is one of my favorite movies.
This is my last one.
This is just one of many things we have to do before we can go home.
This is an ugly one.
This is an easy one.
This is a weird one.
This chair is one of a kind.
This bus is the one we've been waiting for.
They'll get one soon enough.
They should have one.
They outnumber us three to one.
They got a big one.
There's only one way to settle this.
There's only one door.
There's only one cookie left.
There's one thing I can do to help.
There's one piece left.
There's one more thing I need you to do.
There's one last thing that needs to be done.
The only one who isn't going is you.
The only one in danger is you.
The next one's on me.
The next one's for you.
The middle one is mine.
That's the one I liked.
That's the one I hate.
That's an unusual one.
That's an easy one.
That's a tricky one.
That's a funny one.
That was one of my better ideas.
That was a pretty good one.
That one's my favorite.
That one's good.
That one's for me, too.
That one usually works.
That's the only one I had left.
Thanks, I owe you one.
Tell me one of your stories.
Swimming is one thing I'm good at.
Sports is one of my favorite topics.
Show me one of those.
Should I have one?
Promise me one more thing.
Pardon me one second.
Only one thing worries me.
One witness was present.
One way to find out is to ask Tom.
One way or another, we have to get this job finished by Monday.
One tire looks a little flat.
One of you should be helping Tom.
One of you must be lying.
One of us has to go to that meeting.
One of us could win.
One of us could be the winner.
One of Tom's students gave him an interesting painting.
One of the knives is missing.
One of the guards is dead.
One of my horses died yesterday.
Now you owe me one.
Nothing's wrong with the old one.
My mother won't let me have one.
Maybe one day, I'll go to Boston.
Let's try one.
Let's try a different one.
Let's do one thing at a time.
Let's discuss these problems one at a time.
Let me try one of those.
Let me try one more time.
Let me try another one.
Let me take this one.
Let me take one of these.
Let me get you one.
Just answer one question.
It's the wrong one.
It's the only one I had.
It's one of those.
It's not either one of those.
It's a strange one.
It's a pretty good one.
It's a fake one, right?
It would be nice to own one of those, wouldn't it?
If you find one, let me know.
If you don't have one, I'll give you one.
I've read every book here except this one.
I've got the wrong one here.
I've got one of these.
I've already done step one.
I'm the one who has to do that if I can't convince someone else to do it.
I'm sure it's a good one.
I'm not the only one who's hungry.
I'm not the crazy one.
I'm going to teach one of Tom's advanced classes while he's in Boston.
I want a green one.
I think you should be the one to tell Tom he's fired.
I think you should be the one to take Tom to the dentist's.
I think you know which one I'd buy.
I think you know which one I like better.
I think we've found one.
I think one of us is more than enough.
I think I found one.
I still have one or two other things left to pack in my suitcase.
I saw that one.
I saw one.
I plan to make one tomorrow.
I owe Tom one.
I love this one.
I hear Tom was the one who taught you how to play the cello.
I have one more.
I have one more request.
I have one more demand.
I have one in the car.
I got one for us.
I got a good one.
I got a bad one.
I found this one.
I do need one favor.
I didn't get one either.
I couldn't sell the last one.
How do I get one of those?
How come you're the only one here besides me?
Here's the one I forgot.
Here's one I forgot.
Here's a good one for you.
Here, this one's yours.
Have you seen one?
Have you ever dropped one?
Grab me one, too.
Give me the most expensive one.
From now on, you're one of us.
Excuse me one second.
Excuse me one moment.
Excuse me for one second.
Excuse me for one moment.
Excuse me for just one second.
Does one of you know where Tom went?
Do you want to try another one?
Do you think I need one?
Do you remember the first time you saw one of those?
Do you really think you're the first one to ask me that question?
Do you mean this one?
Do you have one of these?
Do you have an extra one?
Do you have a real one?
Do I need one?
Can I say one thing?
Can I order one?
Can I just say one thing?
Can I have the next one, please?
Can I have one of those?
Can I have another one?
Aren't you the sly one?
Are you the one who saved me?
Are you the one who asked Tom to help?
Are you sure that is one of mine?
Are you really going to steal one?
Are you certain Tom is the one?
All I need is one.
This is a horrible thing to say to a woman.
This is a horrible thing to say to a man.
This is a terrible thing to say to a woman.
This is a terrible thing to say to a man.
You can buy anything you want, as long as it doesn't cost more than three hundred dollars.
That was a terrible thing you said to Tom.
You shouldn't have said what you said.
You should apologize for what you said.
You should apologize to Tom for what you said.
What you said about Tom isn't true.
Tom was upset by what you said.
Tom told me what you said.
Tom did do what you said he did.
Did you mean what you said?
You just now noticed this?
You're not still thinking about what Tom said, are you?
You heard what Tom said last night, didn't you?
You didn't really mean what you said, did you?
Why did you say what you said?
Who cares what Tom says?
Who cares what Tom said?
What you said yesterday was true.
What you said to Tom made him angry.
What you said really got through to Tom.
What you said convinced Tom.
What you said at the meeting today was very inspiring.
What you said at the meeting made a lot of people angry.
What you said about Tom was nice.
What Tom said is right.
What Tom said is absolutely true.
What Tom said bothered Mary.
What made Tom angry wasn't what you said, but the way you said it.
What actually happened is a bit different from what you said.
Well, that's what Tom said.
We're going to do what Tom said we should do.
We did what Tom said to do.
Tom wrote down what Mary said.
Tom says he's been thinking about what Mary said.
Tom overheard what Mary said about him.
Tom asked if what Mary said was true.
This is exactly what you said would happen.
That's what you said the last time.
That's what you said last year.
That's what you said last week.
That's what you said last time.
That's what you said before.
That's what Tom said, too.
That's what Tom said this morning.
That's not what you said last night.
Some of what you said sounded stupid.
Some of what you said didn't sound truthful.
Maybe what you said about Tom is right.
Maybe what Tom said was true.
Let's do what Tom said.
Let me tell you what Tom said.
Is what you said about Tom really true?
If I remember correctly, that's what you said.
I've been thinking about what you said the other day.
I've been thinking a lot about what you said.
I've been doing a lot of thinking about what you said.
I'll tell you what Tom said if you want me to.
I was thinking about what you said.
I want you to remember exactly what you said to Tom.
I thought a lot about what Tom said.
I remember what you said the other day.
I really appreciated what you said at this morning's meeting.
I overheard what you said.
I only believe about half of what Tom says.
I only believe about half of what Tom says happened.
I made my decision based on what you said.
I heard what you said to Tom at school.
I don't like what you said about Tom.
I don't care what Tom says. I'm not going to go.
Do you remember what you said?
Do you remember what you said to me?
Do you remember what Tom said?
Did you hear what Tom said?
Did you guys hear what Tom said on TV?
That man sleeps all day.
It's rainy again.
Go with your instincts.
Go with your gut.
I want to talk to my lawyer.
You make me want to tear my hair out.
The most painful longing is the longing for a loved one.
This kid is smarter than average.
This boy has a level of intelligence higher than the average.
Water that has been electrolyzed is used to clean germs on precision machines.
You know that's where Tom sits, don't you?
Will you please tell us where Tom is?
Why would I care where Tom is?
We're not sure where Tom is.
Watch where you're going.
Tom walked past the table where Mary was sitting.
Tom walked over to where Mary was seated.
Tom saw where Mary lives.
Tom pointed to where Mary was standing.
Tom looked where Mary was pointing.
Those stairs are where Tom and I first met.
This is where Tom used to sit.
This is where Tom used to live.
This is where Tom pointed to, I think.
This is where Tom lives.
This is where Tom and Mary stayed on their honeymoon.
This is where Tom and Mary live.
This is the same hospital where Tom works.
This is the corner where Tom got hit by a car.
That's where I met Tom.
Tell me where Tom's hideout is.
Tell me where Tom took Mary.
Please tell me where Tom is.
Nobody seems to know where Tom is.
Nobody knows where Tom is.
Let's continue from where we left off yesterday.
Just tell me where Tom is.
It was where Tom said it would be.
Is this where Tom lives?
I'll go find out where Tom is.
I went over to where Tom was.
I think that's where Tom is now.
How did you know where Tom was?
Does Tom know where Mary's house is?
Does Tom know where Mary was born?
Does Tom know where Mary is?
Do you know where Tom's car is parked?
Do you know where Tom was born?
Do you know where Tom put his keys?
Do you know where Tom is waiting for us?
Do you know where Tom is taking us?
Do you know where Tom is now?
Do you know where Tom has been the past three weeks?
Do you know where Tom got this?
Do you know where Tom bought his bicycle?
Do you have any idea where Tom might be waiting?
Did Tom say where Mary might have gone?
Did Tom say where Mary might be?
After I found out where Tom went, I went to look for him.
We know why you did it.
We know why you came here.
Tom said he wanted to talk to you. Is that why you're here now?
Tom has hay fever. That's why he has to stay inside.
Tom asked why you had spent time in prison.
That's why you pay us.
That's why Tom is here.
That's why Tom got up early.
That's not why you're here.
Tell us why you're here.
Tell me why you were fired.
Tell me why you think that.
Tell me why you came back.
Isn't that why you're here?
Is this why you hired me?
Is there some reason why Tom isn't here today?
Is that why you've stayed?
Is that why you've come?
Is that why you're upset?
Is that why you're leaving?
Is that why you're here?
Is that why you were late?
Is that why you did this?
Is that why you came?
Is that why you came here?
Is that why you came back?
Is that why you called?
Is that why you called me?
Is that why Tom wanted to talk to you?
I'd like to find out why Tom lied to me.
I wondered why Tom was absent from school.
I wondered why Tom didn't have a girlfriend.
I wonder why Tom hasn't shown up yet.
I want to know why Tom is doing this.
I know why Tom isn't here today.
I know why Tom is here.
I don't know why Tom needs that much money.
I don't know why Tom had to go back to Boston.
I can see why Tom likes Mary.
Explain to me why Tom isn't here.
Do you want to know why Tom isn't here today?
Do you know why you're here?
Do you know why Tom wouldn't go to Boston with me?
Do you know why Tom did it?
He says that he won't give up smoking.
In a packed bus, it would infuriate me to miss my stop on account of other passengers.
He was born on the twenty-second of February.
What's written on this sheet?
She has been in the hospital for a month.
Students have to work hard, but they also have to leave time for social activities.
Tom gave a five-minute presentation about the influence of the Vikings on world history.
India and China are two BRIC bloc countries.
I can be what I am, but I'd never be able to hurt a fly.
We dishonor the living and venerate the dead.
Why is the parking lot so slippery?
These stairs are a little slippery, so please be careful.
There's ice on the sidewalk and it's slippery.
The street is wet and slippery.
The sign said "Slippery when wet."
The road was muddy and slippery.
The road is wet and it's slippery.
The floor is wet and slippery.
It's still really slippery here.
It's a slippery slope.
Be careful. The deck is slippery.
This can't be the truth.
That can't be! Seriously?
What you're saying is true.
What Tom has told you is true.
Tom wondered if it was true.
Tom said that it might be true.
Tom is a true gentleman.
Tom is a true artist.
That's true too, isn't it?
That's not exactly true.
That's just not true.
That might have been true a long time ago, but it's not true anymore.
Is it true Tom is one of your close friends?
If what Tom told me is true, then we have nothing to worry about.
If Tom said it, it's probably true.
If that's true, then Tom is innocent.
My father was never around.
Tom's father was never around.
Tom's father never came back home before nine or ten.
My father never came back home before or 10.
Tom kept his father's notes.
He will forever live on in our memories.
The weather's nice today.
That was the last time I saw him.
That was the last time I saw her.
That was the last time I saw Tom.
Mary thinks that German accents are sexy.
Her memory will live on in our hearts and minds forever.
She will forever live on in our memories.
Don't forget the sunhat.
There's nothing wrong with the way you look.
You're not fooling anyone.
What is Tom doing?
He reacted furiously.
Please write me at name@email.com.
You arrived there before Tom.
Tom defended himself.
I have a nice golden fountain pen.
The streets were covered with snow.
I just wanted to clarify that.
I have to buy gluten-free pasta because my friend is coming over to eat.
The people listened to the speaker attentively.
It will be easy to find a tenant for this house.
I'm looking forward to meeting your parents.
There are errors in this translation.
In the end I had an ingenious idea.
Master, remember the Athenians.
Don't wish for what others have.
If you don't have other ideas, then accept this idea.
Doing wrong is worse than being wronged.
What is it that having one voice becomes four-legged and two-legged and three-legged?
Death in no way differs from life.
Bad friends bear bad fruit.
Give me somewhere to stand and I will move the earth.
It is not just to prefer strength to good wisdom.
Come and take it!
The slave carries the water.
Nature does not make jumps.
Gather, maiden, roses, while the flower is new and new is youth, and be mindful that your time hurries thus.
So long as we are among humans, let us cherish humanity.
I only know some words and phrases.
Don't you find me attractive?
I thought that he loved me.
I thought that she loved me.
You were asking for it.
How do you prefer to cook trout?
Tom is always making fun of me.
I don't want him here.
I don't want her here.
Tom made his sister cry.
Tom, apologize to your sister. You made her cry.
Tom was sent to his room, because he made his sister cry.
Mary, what did you do to make your brother cry?
Tom, what did you do to make your sister cry?
You made your sister cry!
I didn't know what else to say to her.
I didn't know what else to say to him.
Mary made her brother cry.
The other girls mocked her and picked on her.
I'm not bossy!
"Do you think he's okay?" "I don't know."
"Do you think she's okay?" "I don't know."
Do you know what my father used to say?
Do you know what my mother used to say?
She pulled my hair.
The girls picked on Mary because she was pretty.
I had never seen her cry.
I had never seen him cry.
I had never seen Tom cry.
She put her arms around me and hugged me.
I haven't slept in days.
Tom, she told me that you made her cry. Twice.
I have never had any problems.
He asked Mary to accompany him to the party.
I didn't expect to see you here tonight.
He put his arms around me and hugged me.
What were you doing together?
The squirrels ran and chased each other.
You're making this up.
"You're making this up." "No, I'm not."
You just realized that?
He looked nonplussed.
How would you feel in this situation if you were Tom?
I can't remember the combination.
There's no one in the garden.
This was an experience that opened my eyes.
I was just teasing you.
I only have books.
I have only books.
He committed suicide by swallowing poison.
This is the main entrance to their house.
Tom and Mary jumped on the trampoline.
She has fake eyelashes.
You never told me you had a sister.
You never told me you had a brother.
Your favorite color is red, right?
Your face is getting red.
You're white as a sheet.
You look pretty in pink.
You look great in blue.
You look good in white.
You look fabulous in black.
You look a little green.
You look a little green around the gills.
You got some white stuff on your boots.
Would you like a glass of white wine?
Why's that red light blinking?
Why would anyone dye their hair pink?
Why do you look so pale?
Who are those men in white suits?
White is a popular car color.
Where's your black suit?
Where's my lucky blue cap?
Where did you get that orange scarf?
What's wrong with wearing pink?
What's wrong with painting the ceiling blue?
What's this purple stain?
What's this green stuff?
What's that red stuff?
What color do you get if you mix blue and yellow?
What are these blue things?
We saw a lot of yellow butterflies today.
We caught Tom red-handed, stealing money from Mary's purse.
Tom's lips are blue.
Tom's least favorite color is blue-green.
Tom's hair started turning gray before he turned thirty.
Tom's hair is turning gray.
Tom's hair is chestnut brown.
Tom's face was as white as a sheet.
Tom's face was all black and blue.
Tom's face got red.
Tom's eyes were red from crying.
Tom's eyes are red, and he looks very tired.
Tom's eyes are red today.
Tom wrote Mary's name in his little black book.
Tom wrote his name on the white board.
Tom wore black pants.
Tom wore a dark blue suit.
Tom wondered what would happen if he pressed the blue button.
Tom will be tickled pink when he sees you.
Tom wears the same red flannel shirt every time he goes camping.
Tom wasn't wearing a wedding ring, but Mary noticed a white circle on his ring finger.
Tom was wearing dark brown shoes.
Tom was wearing baggy tan pants.
Tom was wearing an orange prison jumpsuit.
Tom was wearing a white T-shirt.
Tom was wearing a white shirt.
Tom was wearing a white lab coat.
Tom was wearing a red headband.
Tom was wearing a red and white striped bathing suit.
Tom was wearing a gray suit with a red tie.
Tom was wearing a faded blue work shirt.
Tom was wearing a brown suede coat.
Tom was wearing a brown leather jacket.
Tom was wearing a brown coat.
Tom was wearing a blue hospital gown.
Tom was tickled pink.
Tom was the black sheep of the family.
Tom was dressed in blue.
Tom was covered all over with red paint.
Tom was caught red-handed.
Tom was caught red-handed, stealing from the cash register.
Tom was carrying a white box.
Tom was beaten black and blue.
Tom wants a dark brown coat.
Tom walked into the room carrying a brown paper grocery bag.
Tom walked down the street carrying a black gym bag.
Tom usually wears a black cowboy hat.
Tom turned white.
Tom turned bright red.
Tom took notes on a yellow legal pad.
Tom took a bottle of pink pills out of his pocket.
Tom told me I shouldn't wear a pink shirt.
Tom thought you'd prefer a blue one.
Tom spilled the can of blue paint on the white carpet.
Tom spilled some red wine on his white shirt.
Tom showed Mary a black and white photo of his grandparents.
Tom seldom wears his black shirt.
Tom says he can't wear a pink shirt to work.
Tom said he wanted to dye his hair black.
Tom said he wanted to buy a blue sweater.
Tom really wanted a cup of hot black coffee.
Tom pulled a white handkerchief out of his pocket.
Tom pressed the green button and waited for something to happen.
Tom prefers to drink dry red wine.
Tom picked out a yellow shirt for me to try on.
Tom painted the window sills white.
Tom painted the wall pink.
Tom painted the door blue.
Tom painted the ceiling light blue.
Tom painted his room white.
Tom painted his bicycle red.
Tom owns a blue car.
Tom only comes to visit once in a blue moon.
Tom often wears blue jeans and a blue shirt.
Tom noticed a dark blue car parked outside.
Tom looks a little green.
Tom keeps his important papers in a brown leather case.
Tom is wearing an orange shirt.
Tom is wearing a white cotton T-shirt.
Tom is wearing a black hat.
Tom is trying to get a green card.
Tom is beginning to turn blue.
Tom is as white as a sheet.
Tom is a Red Cross volunteer.
Tom hid behind the green car.
Tom has wavy brown hair.
Tom has shoulder-length brown hair.
Tom has red spots all over his body.
Tom has red hair.
Tom has light brown hair.
Tom has green eyes.
Tom has gray hair.
Tom has a white cat.
Tom has a lot of black and white pictures of his grandparents.
Tom has a blue coat on.
Tom has a blue bicycle.
Tom has a black dog.
Tom has a black belt in karate.
Tom hardly ever wears green.
Tom handed Mary the green notebook.
Tom handed Mary a white envelope.
Tom handed Mary a thick gray envelope.
Tom handed Mary a small brown bag.
Tom handed Mary a plain white envelope.
Tom handed Mary a brown bag.
Tom handed Mary a blue folder.
Tom had white shoes on.
Tom had blue eyes.
Tom got into the black van and drove away.
Tom enjoys watching old black and white movies on YouTube.
Tom eats brown rice more often than white rice.
Tom drives a white car.
Tom drives a red sports car.
Tom drives a black pick-up truck.
Tom drank the white wine Mary poured for him.
Tom drank a glass of red wine.
Tom doesn't usually stop if the light is yellow.
Tom doesn't like wearing red.
Tom doesn't like green peppers.
Tom doesn't eat red meat.
Tom contracted yellow fever when he was visiting Africa.
Tom came down the stairs carrying his suitcases.
Tom bought some things on the black market.
Tom always wears black.
Tom always dresses in black.
There's a white picket fence around Tom's house.
There's a nice blue sky today.
There's a big black truck parked in your driveway.
There were three white guys sitting at the counter.
There were some green beans on the plate.
There was some kind of white powder on the floor.
There was green slime oozing out of the pipe.
There was a yellow school bus parked in front of the fire hydrant.
There is a black BMW parked in front of your house.
There are some red lights blinking on the console.
There are many shades of gray.
The walls were black with smoke damage.
The tablecloth on our dining room table is white.
The red light has gone off.
The red light above the door was on.
The police caught Tom red-handed, breaking into a house in our neighborhood.
The movie we watched last night was in black and white.
The light turned green.
The light is green.
The lettuce has turned brown.
The getaway car was late model white sedan.
The dress Mary was wearing was white.
The doctor came in carrying a black bag.
The branding iron was red hot.
The bottle Tom was holding had a purple label.
The basement was pitch black.
The alarm went off and a red light started flashing.
That's my favorite blue shirt.
That's a nice shade of blue.
That gray-haired man is Tom's father.
Take two of these red pills.
Stay on this side of the yellow line.
Something green and slimy was on the rock.
Should I cut the red wire or the green one?
My hair's turned gray.
Mine is the red one.
Men usually wear black suits and black ties to funerals.
Mary's nails were painted a bright red.
Mary wore a red scarf around her neck.
Mary wore a plain blue dress.
Mary wore a pink blouse.
Mary was wearing a white gown.
Mary was wearing a tight red dress.
Mary was wearing a red skirt.
Mary was wearing a red and white dress.
Mary was wearing a pink blouse with matching miniskirt.
Mary was wearing a knee-length blue dress.
Mary walked through the living room in her pink robe.
Mary usually wears bright red lipstick.
Mary often wears blue dresses.
Mary is wearing a yellow dress.
Mary is wearing a white dress today.
Mary has on the same green dress she was wearing yesterday.
Mary has been dyeing her hair for years.
Mary decided to buy a blue dress.
Look at how white Tom's teeth are.
Let's paint the town red.
It's pitch black inside the cave.
It's pitch black in the basement.
It's no longer pitch black outside.
It's a red herring.
It was solid red.
It looks like you've got a green thumb.
It looks like someone is waving a white flag.
It looked yellow to me.
It doesn't need to be white, but I'd prefer white.
I'll have a white wine, please.
I was feeling blue.
I usually drink green tea with dinner.
I thought Tom had red hair.
I see someone waving a white flag.
I saw Tom getting into a dark blue van.
I saw a bottle of black hair dye in the medicine cabinet.
I need to buy some black spray paint.
I like that purple shirt.
I hope we have a white Christmas.
I hope there's no more red tape.
I hardly ever wear my red sweater.
I don't remember if Tom's car was blue or not.
How did you get that black eye?
Have you ever seen a purple butterfly?
Green slime oozed out the pipe.
Go through the orange door.
Fortunately, I have a green thumb.
Everyone was dressed in black.
Even when you're old and gray, you should be able to enjoy life.
Does this look pink to you?
Do you still drink your coffee black?
Do you like red licorice?
Do you always wear green on St. Patrick's Day?
Could I borrow your gray suit?
Black smoke was pouring out the windows.
Black is a very common color for shoes.
Be very careful with that blue box.
Are my ears red?
Ambulances don't have to stop at red lights, but they usually slow down.
All the men were wearing dark suits and white shirts.
All but three of the cars in the parking lot were white.
A white van pulled up outside the house.
A black SUV pulled up in front of the hotel.
When you were a child, did you have any friends?
Do you know how to use chopsticks?
Tom is white as a sheet.
He's very protective of him.
He's very protective of her.
She's very protective of him.
She's very protective of her.
The combination is 10-42-30.
I'm freezing cold.
It's time to go home now.
Someone invited me to a party, but I was too scared to go.
I can't talk about it right now.
I can't talk about that right now.
Your job is to make sure Tom does his job right.
You're going to have to do that sooner or later.
You'll never get it.
You'll never get in that club.
You'll have to ask Tom.
You'll get your turn.
You'll get your shot.
You'll get your money.
You'll get a copy.
You'd better get up.
Do you all want me to bring you anything?
Thanks for walking me home.
Thanks Tom, I appreciate it.
I felt completely happy.
You'd better get out of here before somebody sees you.
You won't like Tom.
You were lucky to be at the right place at the right time.
You told me to do that.
You talk about Tom too much.
You should get out of the pool.
You should get home.
You should get a job.
You really think so, don't you?
You need to get up.
You need to get some new furniture for this place.
You need to get out and socialize more.
You need to get home.
You need to get here as soon as you can.
You need to get help.
You need to get a haircut.
You must get ready.
You might get lucky.
You might get hurt.
You might be able to talk to Tom later today.
You may do so.
You know I can do it.
You have to tell Tom.
You have to get up.
You get the idea, don't you?
You do get around, don't you?
You could get hurt.
You can't rely on Tom.
You can see me, can't you?
You can see it, right?
You asked too many questions.
You asked me a question. Now, let me answer it.
You asked all the right questions.
You ask too many questions.
You ask the questions and I'll answer them.
Would Tom do it?
Why would Tom want to impress Mary?
Why would I be friends with Tom?
Why won't Tom answer Mary's questions?
Why should I care?
Why should I care about Tom?
Why should I care about what Tom did?
Why don't I call Tom and ask him to help?
Why do all the guys like Tom?
Who sent Tom?
Where can I hide that no one would think of finding me?
When do we get paid?
When did you meet Tom?
What'll you give Tom?
What other options do we have?
What have you done to Tom?
What do I get?
We've only got three more days.
We've only got three minutes.
We've got to move.
We've already talked to Tom three times about that matter.
We've already done that.
We're never going to see each other again.
We'll think about it.
We'll go get Tom.
We'll get to that.
We'll get some more.
We'll get rid of it.
We'll get new ones.
We'll get it done.
We'll get in trouble if we get caught.
We'd better get moving.
We'd better get inside.
We were just talking about Tom.
We took a vote.
We took a cab.
We should get started.
We should get out of here now.
We should get moving.
We should get married.
We should get back home.
We should compile a list of everybody who would be willing to help.
We saw Tom do it.
We saw it all.
We need to get there early.
We need to get help.
We need to get back before it gets too late.
We need to get away.
We must get some.
We must get some help.
We must get help.
We must get back.
We must get away.
We might get lucky.
We might not have enough time to do that.
We may have to work late today.
We may have a meeting tomorrow afternoon.
We made a wrong turn and got lost.
We lived right down the road from Tom.
We have to get out of here. The building's on fire.
We have a lot of food.
We got what we paid for.
We get it for free.
We get along great.
Tom broke up with me.
Mary broke up with me.
We could get more.
We can use it.
We can see you.
We can pay you.
We can move it by ourselves.
We can get you help.
We can get more.
We can end it.
We both saw it.
Was Tom crying?
Tom's very sad.
Tom's very fussy.
Tom's out cold.
Tom's not sick.
Tom's not in.
Tom's not home.
Tom's not fat.
Tom's fussy, isn't he?
Tom, wait up.
Tom, stop it, OK?
Tom, I'm home.
Tom, I'm here.
Tom, I'm back.
Tom, hold up.
Tom yelled in pain.
Tom wrote three letters.
Tom worked hard.
Tom wore a vest.
Tom won't know.
Tom won't go.
Tom won't bite.
Tom won the game.
Tom withdrew $from his account.
Tom will make it on time.
Tom will be here tonight.
Tom will be here in less than an hour.
Tom will be back eventually.
Tom went to the refrigerator and took out a pitcher of the orange juice.
Tom went on a three-day trip.
Tom went blind.
Tom went abroad.
Tom wasted a lot of time.
Tom wasn't wearing a hat.
Tom wasn't sick.
Tom was witty.
Tom was waiting on a bench, doing a crossword puzzle.
Tom was vague.
Tom was untidy.
Tom was unkind.
Tom was unfair.
Tom was tough.
Tom was touchy.
Tom was timid.
Tom was thirsty.
Tom was stupid.
Tom was stoned.
Tom was stabbed and died before they could get him to a hospital.
Tom was sneaky.
Tom was skinny.
Tom was sitting in the dark, smoking.
Tom was silly.
Tom was shot and killed in front of the restaurant he owned.
Tom was sharp.
Tom was rude.
Tom was quiet.
Tom was patient.
Tom was nice.
Tom was nasty.
Tom was naive.
Tom was my boss three years ago.
Tom was moody.
Tom was mean.
Tom was loyal.
Tom was loud.
Tom was in pain.
Tom was in a traffic accident on his way to school.
Tom was humble.
Tom was honest.
Tom was harsh.
Tom was gunned down in front of the restaurant that he owned.
Tom was grumpy.
Tom was greedy.
Tom was getting a little fussy.
Tom was gentle.
Tom was fussy.
Tom was frank.
Tom was fair.
Tom was eager.
Tom was cruel.
Tom was crafty.
Tom was calm.
Tom was bright.
Tom was brave.
Tom was bossy.
Tom was boring.
Tom was biased.
Tom wants more.
Tom wanted to write Mary a song for her birthday.
Tom walks fast.
Tom usually goes home at five o'clock.
Tom usually eats much less than Mary does.
Tom usually eats less than Mary does.
Tom usually drinks a lot more than Mary does.
Tom usually drinks a lot less than Mary does.
Tom usually doesn't eat as much as Mary does.
Tom usually calls me every Monday evening.
Tom used to work here.
Tom turned 13.
Tom tries hard.
Tom took out three eggs.
Tom took out a magazine and began to read it.
I have been meaning to go to Berlin, but keep putting it off, I´ll get around to it soon.
Please feed the cat.
Please feed the dog.
Tom told us why he'd been absent.
Tom told me he has a few things to take care of.
Tom told Mary that he thought they'd been spending too much time together.
Tom talks fast.
Tom talks a lot.
Tom swims very well.
Tom suspected it might be a trap.
Tom spoke nonstop for three hours.
Tom sounded mad.
Tom sold us out.
Tom smells bad.
Tom sings quite well.
Tom showed Mary how to make sushi.
Tom shot the dog that attacked Mary.
Tom shot at me.
Tom shot a gun.
Tom shot a deer.
Tom sells cars.
Tom seems wise.
Tom seems to be fussy.
Tom seems tired.
Tom seems sick.
Tom seems shy.
Tom seems sad.
Tom seems old.
Tom seems mean.
Tom seems kind.
Tom seems fussy.
Tom seems fair.
Tom seemed to be having a good time talking with Mary.
Tom seemed somewhat annoyed by that.
Tom says he's on his way back home.
Tom saw what he was looking for on the top shelf.
Tom saw a snake.
Tom said he feels a lot better today.
Tom runs fast.
Tom respects me, I think.
Tom read a lot.
Tom reads a lot.
Tom promised to stay in his room.
Tom pressed the intercom button.
Tom peeled the banana for Mary.
Tom peeled an apple for Mary.
Tom paid me back all the money he owed me.
Tom ordered drinks for Mary and himself.
Tom never was fussy.
Tom never lies.
Tom needs more money.
Tom needs it.
Tom must've told Mary about what happened.
Tom moved out of his parents' house.
Tom may come.
Tom may be hard to reach for the next few hours.
Tom makes all the decisions here.
Tom made too much noise.
Tom made rice.
Tom made me go.
Tom made it.
Tom loves us.
Tom loves music.
Tom loves chocolate cake.
Tom lost weight.
Tom lost his money.
Tom lost his French textbook.
Tom looks well.
Tom looked well.
Tom looked sad.
Tom looked ill.
Tom likes wine.
Tom likes oolong tea.
Tom likes Mary, but he's too shy to talk to her.
Tom let us go.
Tom lent Mary all the money he had on him.
Tom left home.
Tom knows what I did.
Tom knows a lot.
Tom kicked the can.
Tom isn't young.
Tom isn't witty.
Tom isn't wise.
Tom isn't weak.
Tom isn't very fussy.
Tom isn't very brave.
Tom isn't ugly.
Tom isn't tough.
Tom isn't timid.
Tom isn't tidy.
Tom isn't thin.
Tom isn't scared anymore.
Tom isn't rude.
Tom isn't quiet.
Tom isn't poor.
Tom isn't as poor as most people think he is.
Tom isn't petty.
Tom isn't nice.
Tom isn't neat.
Tom isn't nasty.
Tom isn't naive.
Tom isn't very lucky.
Tom isn't lazy.
Tom isn't fussy.
Tom isn't cruel.
Tom isn't bossy.
Tom isn't as strong as he used to be.
Tom isn't a very good dancer.
Tom is your son, right?
Tom is working on the car.
Tom is well off.
Tom is wearing protective gloves.
Tom is waiting for a phone call.
Tom is very wise.
Tom is very fast.
Tom is too weak to move.
Tom is too slow.
Tom is too drunk to drive.
Tom is too busy to help.
Tom is three years older than me.
Tom is the singer in our band.
Tom is still mad at us for not doing what he requested.
Tom is still mad at Mary.
Tom is reading the paper.
Tom is pretty tall.
Tom is not here.
Tom is not dumb.
Tom is my uncle.
Tom is my type.
Tom is my age.
Tom is homeless.
Tom is fixing the car.
Tom is extremely fussy.
Tom is deaf.
Tom is cranky.
Tom is cleaning car parts.
Tom is chubby.
Tom is broke.
Tom is autistic.
Tom is annoying.
Tom is an ex-con.
Tom is alone.
Tom is active.
Tom is abroad.
Tom is a very fussy eater.
Tom is a twin.
Tom is a terrible liar.
Tom is a slob.
Tom is a prude.
Tom is a nerd.
Tom is a grouch.
Tom is a bit shy.
Tom is a big boy.
Tom hit me back.
Tom hit Mary.
Tom helps us.
Tom helps Mary with her homework.
Tom helped Mary fix the broken table.
Tom held the rope with both hands.
Tom held the ball.
Tom heard noise in the next room.
Tom heard Mary.
Tom hated lying.
Tom has to come.
Tom has paid back all the money he borrowed.
Tom has never visited Mary.
Tom has lived here for three years.
Tom has lied to me in the past, so I don't trust him anymore.
Tom has left us.
Tom has issues.
Tom has guts.
Tom has finally realized that he's been doing it the wrong way.
Tom has finally achieved what he set out to do.
Tom has decided to start studying French.
Tom has dark brown hair.
Tom has changed.
Tom has been here for three hours.
Tom has ambition.
Tom has a steady girlfriend.
Tom has a lot of work to do.
Tom has a lot of things to do.
Tom had a lot of work to do.
Tom had a lot of things to do.
Tom has a large family to support.
Tom has a good alibi.
Tom has a bright future ahead of him.
Tom has a bike.
Tom had trouble finding a public telephone.
Tom had something he needed to tell Mary.
Tom had only three dollars with him.
Tom had only three dollars on him.
Tom had nothing to do with what happened here.
Tom had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave.
Tom had no one to talk to.
Tom had no intention of waiting that long.
Tom had no intention of waiting for three hours.
Tom had no hat on.
You haven't got a chance.
"Tom, what are you doing?" "Nothing."
Tom never helps me.
Tom had no choice but to do what he had been told to do.
Tom had Mary help him tie his shoes.
Tom had long hair when I first met him.
Tom had his sweater on wrong side out.
Tom had his sweater on inside out.
Tom had his secretary make three copies of the contract.
Tom had his hair cut short.
Tom had difficulty in making ends meet on his salary.
Tom had bruises all over his body.
Tom had breakfast all by himself.
Tom had both of his socks on inside out.
Tom had been walking for hours and was beginning to get tired.
Tom had an odd look on his face.
Tom had an accident and broke his leg.
Tom had a strange expression on his face.
Tom had a strange dream.
Tom had a quick breakfast.
Tom had a new house built last year.
Tom had a mild heart attack.
Tom had a hard time making himself understood in French.
Tom had a couple of new suits made.
Tom had a copy made of his house key.
Tom grows rice.
Tom grew up in Australia.
Tom grew up in a small town in Australia.
Tom grew a mustache.
Tom graduated from college three years ago.
Tom got used to the work.
Tom got up late.
Tom got up late this morning.
Tom got up earlier than usual this morning.
Tom got up an hour earlier than usual this morning.
Tom got to the bus stop just in time.
Tom got that bicycle from Mary.
Tom got seriously hurt in a traffic accident.
Tom got out his key and opened the door.
Tom got off the bus and waited for Mary to come and pick him up.
Tom got me a watch.
Tom got Mary to translate the letter into French.
Tom got Mary to help him paint the fence.
Tom got married when he was just eighteen years old.
Tom got married to Mary last month.
Tom got married three weeks ago.
Tom got lost on his way to Mary's house.
Tom got killed in a traffic accident.
Tom got in the boat.
Tom got hurt when he fell down.
Tom got hurt in the game last week.
Tom got hurt in an accident at work.
Tom got his watch fixed.
Tom got his tongue pierced.
Tom got his neck broken in a ski accident.
Tom got everything he wanted.
Tom got a new job.
Tom got a loan from the bank.
Tom got a good grade in science.
Tom got a D on his test.
Tom got a better score than Mary.
Tom goes to work by car.
Tom goes there whenever he has a chance.
Tom goes jogging every morning.
Tom goes fishing quite often.
Tom goes abroad almost every year.
Tom gives Mary everything she asks for.
Tom gets a really high salary.
Tom gets a haircut about three times a year.
Tom gave up on his dream of becoming a pilot.
Tom gave some milk to the cat.
Tom gave me this book.
Tom gave me his phone number and told me to call him.
Tom gave me a very nice Christmas present.
Tom gave me a ride to the airport.
Tom gave me a present.
Tom gave me a hug.
Tom gave me a hint.
Tom gave Mary quite a lot of money.
Tom gave Mary an engagement ring last week.
Tom gave Mary all his money.
Tom gave Mary a watch.
Tom gave Mary a lot of money.
Tom gave Mary a hard time.
Tom gave Mary a foot massage.
Tom gave Mary a call.
Tom gave Mary a brief outline of his plan.
Tom gave Mary a blank stare.
Tom gave it to me for nothing.
Tom gave his seat to the old woman.
Tom gave his life for his country.
Tom gave half his money to charity.
Tom found what he was looking for under the table.
Tom found out our secret.
Tom found my contact lens.
Tom found me a good seat.
Tom found me a good place to live.
Tom found me a good job.
Tom found Mary irresistible.
Tom found it hard to make friends.
Tom found it hard to keep the conversation going.
Tom found it difficult to solve the problem.
Tom found himself in a tight spot.
Tom found himself in a terrible fix.
Tom found a very old coin in the garden.
Tom found a nice apartment for me.
Tom found a good place for me live.
Tom forgot to invite Mary to his party.
Tom forgot my birthday.
Tom forgave Mary breaking her promise.
Tom forced Mary to sign the contract.
Tom forced his way into Mary's office.
Tom followed Mary's advice.
Tom finished reading the book and returned it to Mary.
Tom finds fault with everything I do.
Tom finally talked Mary into selling him her old violin.
Tom finally succeeded in getting a job.
Tom finally quit smoking.
Tom finally made up his mind to marry Mary.
Tom finally had to retire.
Tom finally found out how to make it.
Tom finally came up with a solution to the problem.
Tom filled the bucket with water.
Tom filled the bottle with water.
Tom felt utterly humiliated.
Tom felt tired after working all day planting corn.
Tom felt the same way as I did.
Tom felt that something was about to happen.
Tom felt Mary's hand on his shoulder.
Tom felt in his pocket for his wallet.
Tom felt in his pocket for his keys.
Tom felt ill at ease.
Tom felt hurt.
Tom felt his way through the darkness.
Tom felt his heart beating faster.
Tom felt he had done his duty.
Tom felt a sharp pain in his chest.
Tom fell into the pool and drowned.
Tom fell in love with Mary at first sight.
Tom fell asleep with the lights on.
Tom fell asleep while reading a book.
Tom fell asleep right away.
Tom fell asleep during class.
Tom feels the same way as I do.
Tom feeds his dog at the same time every day.
Tom fed his dog part of his sandwich.
Tom failed to pass his driving test.
Tom failed to do what he said he'd do.
Tom failed because he didn't study.
Tom explained in detail what he had seen.
Tom explained how the accident happened.
Tom exchanged seats with Mary.
Tom envied Mary's success.
Tom entered the house through the window.
Tom enjoys watching baseball games on TV with his grandfather.
Tom enjoys reading detective stories.
Tom enjoys playing the piano.
Tom enjoyed playing baseball with his friends.
Tom encouraged me to try again.
Tom encouraged his son to study French.
Tom encountered some unexpected problems.
Tom earns three times more than me.
Tom earns three times more than I do.
Tom earns his living as a street musician.
Tom earns about $a month working part time.
Tom earns a good salary.
Tom dug a hole.
Tom dug a hole in the backyard.
Tom drowned while swimming in the river.
Tom drowned in his neighbor's pool.
Tom drove to school.
Tom drove a van here today.
Tom dropped to his knees.
Tom dropped out of college.
Tom dropped his cup and broke it.
Tom drives very fast.
Tom drives a sports car, doesn't he?
Tom dried himself with a towel.
Tom drew a picture of a dog.
Tom dressed like a girl for Halloween.
Tom dreamed of being a hero.
Tom drank the whole bottle of wine all by himself.
Tom drank milk.
Tom drank a lot last night.
Tom dozed off in class.
Tom doubted that Mary would keep her promise.
Tom donated three paintings to the museum.
Tom donated a lot of money to us.
Tom donated $30,to charity last year.
Tom doesn't yet know the truth.
Tom doesn't watch TV with you, does he?
Tom doesn't want to wait for you.
Tom doesn't want to talk to Mary right now.
Tom doesn't want to play outside today.
Tom doesn't want to live in the city.
Tom doesn't want to get in trouble.
Tom doesn't want to admit that he has a drinking problem.
Tom doesn't want to admit that he doesn't know how to do it.
Tom doesn't want me to go, but I'm going to go anyway.
Tom doesn't understand what you expect him to do.
Tom doesn't understand the risks.
Tom doesn't seem to remember.
Tom doesn't seem to like anybody here.
Tom doesn't seem to be very intelligent.
Tom doesn't seem to be heading in the right direction.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of all the problems he's causing.
Tom doesn't remember who told him that.
Tom doesn't really speak French.
Tom doesn't realize what Mary wants from him.
Tom doesn't read many books.
Tom doesn't play video games.
Tom doesn't obey his parents.
Tom doesn't need to work.
Tom doesn't need to get up so early tomorrow.
Tom doesn't mince words.
Tom doesn't look very healthy.
Tom doesn't live in my neighborhood.
Tom doesn't live far from here.
Tom doesn't like us.
Tom doesn't like traveling by plane.
Tom doesn't like grapes.
Tom doesn't like fighting.
Tom doesn't like coffee.
Tom doesn't let his children drink wine.
Tom doesn't know what to do with all his money.
Tom doesn't know what it's like to be poor.
Tom doesn't know what he should be doing.
Tom doesn't know the truth yet.
Tom doesn't know that I have a cat.
Tom doesn't know much about Australia.
Tom doesn't know me.
Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
Tom doesn't know how to ride a bike.
Tom doesn't know how to play the piano.
Tom doesn't know how to play chess.
Tom doesn't know how to handle children.
Tom doesn't help me.
Tom ditched me.
Tom didn't know what he was talking about.
Tom didn't get the job he interviewed for.
Tom dealt with the problem.
Tom couldn't help but laugh out loud.
Tom cooks well.
Tom choked Mary.
Tom caused quite a lot of trouble.
Tom can't ski.
Tom can skate.
Tom came last.
Tom blames us.
Tom baked three pies.
Tom asked Mary to sit down.
Tom and Mary couldn't help looking at each other.
Tom and Mary are unlikely to get married.
Tom and Mary are both older than John.
Tom and I have been on three dates.
Tom and I have a lot more in common than I thought.
Tom and I get along fine.
Three years seems like a long time.
Those people over there are speaking French.
This is a ring my grandmother wore.
They should thank Tom.
There's nothing you can do to help Tom.
There's nothing you can do for Tom.
There's no time to explain.
There's no need for you to come in to work tomorrow.
There's no need for you to apologize.
There's a package for you on the table.
There was no way to bring Tom back.
There are three unaccounted for.
There are only three cookies left.
The reason I came to you is because I thought you could help.
The person you're looking for isn't here.
The original was stolen last year.
The noise startled Tom.
The last thing I need right now is something else to worry about.
The gas gauge is on empty.
The first time I saw Tom, he was sitting on a bench in the park near my home.
That's what I like about Tom.
That's the reason I don't like Tom.
That's something we've never had to worry about before.
That's a bad idea.
Something was bothering Tom.
Someone planted a bomb under your car.
Shall I go on?
Please go.
OK, listen up.
Nobody had the courage to say it to Tom.
No one went to the station to see Tom off when he left town.
My husband won't let me get a job.
My car got stuck in the mud.
Modern art doesn't interest Tom.
Maybe you should take a few days off.
Listen up.
Let's get up early and watch the sunrise.
Let me get it.
Just talk to Tom.
It's worth three hundred dollars.
It's the rainy season in Japan right now.
It's only worth three dollars.
It's not our job to do that.
It's genuine.
It's awkward.
It's absolutely vital that we get to Tom Jackson's office by 2:30.
It looks like an orange.
It feels like an orange.
It smells like an orange.
Is there anyone you can stay with?
In those days, Tom and I used to hang out together.
If you don't mind, I'll go with Tom.
If I were you, I wouldn't talk to Tom.
If I had something to say, I would've already said it.
I've tried to talk to Tom.
I've been trying to avoid Tom.
I've asked Tom to stay here and help you with your repairs.
I'm trying to get enough money to buy a new guitar.
I'm too busy to see Tom.
I'm thinking of introducing myself to Tom.
I'm sure you'll be able to handle the job.
I'm pretty sure Tom is a fussy eater.
I'm pleased with Tom's performance.
I'm not sure if I'm in love with Tom or not.
I'm not sure I can do what you asked me to do.
I'm next.
I'm certain I saw Tom.
I'll never find someone like Tom again.
I'd rather go to the zoo than to a museum.
I'd like to be like Tom.
I went to school with Tom.
I wasn't very athletic when I was young.
I wasn't angry.
I don't think I was aggressive enough.
I wasn't aggressive enough.
I was wondering if you've had a chance to look at the schedule yet.
I was expecting something a little fancier that this.
I wanted to hug Tom, but he wouldn't let me.
I wanted to be like Tom.
I want to be like Tom.
I want my bicycle back.
I try to walk three miles a day.
I trusted Tom.
I thought you might want to know that Tom arrived a few minutes ago.
I thought maybe you could help me.
I think you're lazy.
I think you're being a little hard on Tom.
I think you'll feel right at home here.
I think you should stop watching TV and get some exercise.
I think you don't trust me.
I think Tom should wear a tie to the party.
I think Tom is very disorganized.
I think Tom is too demanding.
I think Tom is too confident.
I think Tom is too competitive.
I think Tom is too assertive.
I think Tom is fussy.
I think Tom is dishonest.
I think Tom is discreet.
I think Tom is discontented.
I think Tom is devious.
I think Tom is dependable.
I think Tom is deceitful.
I think Tom is creative.
I think Tom is crazy.
I think Tom is courteous.
I think Tom is courageous.
I think Tom is cooperative.
I think Tom is contented.
I think Tom is considerate.
I think Tom is conservative.
I think Tom is conscientious.
I think Tom is conceited.
I think Tom is competent.
I think Tom is compassionate.
I think Tom is clever.
I think Tom is chubby.
I think Tom is cheerful.
I think Tom is charismatic.
I think Tom is careless.
I think Tom is careful.
I think Tom is callous.
I think Tom is broad-minded.
I think Tom is bright.
I think Tom is brave.
I think Tom is bossy.
I think Tom is boring.
I think Tom is bilingual.
I think Tom is big-headed.
I think Tom is biased.
I think Tom is believable.
I think Tom is being disrespectful.
I think Tom is bad-tempered.
I think Tom is attentive.
I think Tom is athletic.
I think Tom is artistic.
I think Tom is articulate.
I think Tom is arrogant.
I think Tom is annoying.
I think Tom is angry.
I think Tom is amusing.
I think Tom is ambitious.
I think Tom is aggressive.
I think Tom is adventurous.
I think Tom is adaptable.
I think Tom is absent-minded.
I think Tom is a bit eccentric.
I think Tom has been disloyal.
I think I broke Tom's heart.
I take care of Tom when his parents are at work.
I stopped by Tom's house.
I stopped by Tom's house on my way home.
I squeezed Tom's hand.
I saw you kissing Tom.
I saw Tom spike Mary's drink.
I saw fear in Tom's eyes.
Many happy returns to all who bear the name of a flower!
It's all so sad.
I rescued Tom.
I really don't want to be alone tonight.
I really care about Tom.
I put my hand on Tom's shoulder.
I pressed my forehead against Tom's.
I plan to go to bed as soon as all these people go home.
I never heard back from Tom.
I never did thank you for all the help you gave me.
I need three volunteers.
I may need more help than Tom is willing to give.
Tom is one of the most talkative people I know.
I love Tom, but he thinks I hate him.
I love talking to Tom.
I love everything about Tom.
I love being with Tom.
I know you'll pay me back when you have the money.
I know you still love Tom.
I just thought you might want to go, that's all.
I just came by to tell you that I won't be able to attend this week's meeting.
I hope nothing has happened to Tom.
I heard a thud.
I haven't been able to get a hold of Tom.
I have a lot more money than I'll ever need.
I hate Tom now.
I got hit.
I got cut.
I forgot to ask Tom.
I finally met Tom.
I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to end of the line.
I enjoy being with Tom.
I don't want to say that to Tom.
I don't think Tom is the person you should be talking to.
I don't really know how to dance.
I don't know how big Tom's office is.
I didn't want to hurt Tom's feelings.
I didn't start to go bald until I turned thirty.
I didn't recognize Tom.
I didn't know I was supposed to be here at 2:30.
I didn't have the heart to tell Tom what had happened.
I can't wait to see Tom.
I can't think of anyone better for this job than Tom.
I can tell you don't like it here.
I can do things that Tom can't do.
I asked Tom for Mary's phone number.
How late am I?
How is Tom?
How badly was Tom hurt?
How badly injured is Tom?
Have you talked to Tom about this?
Have you brought help?
Have you been telling me the truth?
Have I told you this joke before?
Go and tell Tom.
Go ahead and get dressed.
Give me your word you won't leave without saying goodbye to Tom.
Get rid of Tom.
Get off me.
Get me a beer.
Fresh squeezed orange juice tastes really good.
Fix this.
Everyone in the room recognized Tom.
Don't try to blame this on Tom.
Don't encourage Tom.
Does Tom know that you like Mary?
Do you think you're ugly?
Do you think you're strong?
Do you think you're smart?
Do you think you're photogenic?
Do you think you're obese?
Do you think you're normal?
Do you think you're modest?
Do you think you're mature?
Do you think you're loveable?
Do you think you're lovable?
Do you think you're likeable?
Do you think you're handsome?
Do you think you're good-looking?
Do you think you're creative?
Do you think you should do that without permission?
Do you think you could handle this job by yourself?
Do you think Tom lied?
Do you think Tom is witty?
Do you think Tom is wise?
Do you think Tom is well-built?
Do you think Tom is wealthy?
Do you think Tom is weak?
Do you think Tom is vain?
Do you think Tom is upbeat?
Do you think Tom is untrustworthy?
Do you think Tom is untidy?
Do you think Tom is unsociable?
Do you think Tom is unscrupulous?
Do you think Tom is unreliable?
Do you think Tom is unprincipled?
Do you think Tom is unprejudiced?
Do you think Tom is unpredictable?
Do you think Tom is unpleasant?
Do you think Tom is unlucky?
Do you think Tom is unkind?
Do you think Tom is uninteresting?
Do you think Tom is unhappy?
Do you think Tom is unfriendly?
Do you think Tom is unfair?
Do you think Tom is unbiased?
Do you think Tom is unapproachable?
Do you think Tom is ugly?
Do you think Tom is too young?
Do you think Tom is talented?
Do you think Tom is sympathetic?
Do you really want me to tell Tom?
Do you really think we should be doing this?
Do you know where the can opener is?
Do you know Tom's last name?
Do you guys get along?
Do you feel old?
Do you ever think about the time we spent together when we were kids?
Do you ever buy raffle tickets?
Do what I say.
Do people ever accuse you of being temperamental?
Do people ever accuse you of being superficial?
Do people ever accuse you of being stuck-up?
Do people ever accuse you of being stubborn?
Do people ever accuse you of being snobbish?
Do people ever accuse you of being sneaky?
Do people ever accuse you of being shallow?
Do people ever accuse you of being selfish?
Do people ever accuse you of being self-indulgent?
Do people ever accuse you of being rude?
Do people ever accuse you of being quick-tempered?
Do people ever accuse you of being pompous?
Do people ever accuse you of being overemotional?
Do people ever accuse you of being obstinate?
Do people ever accuse you of being obsessive?
Do people ever accuse you of being obnoxious?
Do people ever accuse you of being conceited?
Do people accuse you of being disorganized?
Do I look old?
Do I know Tom?
Do as Tom says.
Did you really spike the orange juice?
Did you get any sleep?
Did Tom write that song for you?
Did Tom vote?
Did Tom say yes?
Did Tom hit Mary?
Could you please keep an eye on Tom?
Could you be quiet? I have to get up early and go to work.
Can't you see it?
Can you be discreet?
Can we get it fixed?
Can we fix it?
Can Tom do it?
Can I trust Tom?
Can I take it?
Can I stop by?
Can I keep it?
Can I hug you?
Can I have it?
Can I go, too?
Can I go next?
Can I do that?
Be careful what you tell children. They'll believe anything.
Are you wealthy?
Are you unlucky?
Are you unhappy?
Are you tough?
Are you tolerant?
Are you tidy?
Are you tall?
Are you spontaneous?
Are you sincere?
Are you short?
Are you seriously asking me to give that to you?
Are you sane?
Are you safe?
Are you romantic?
Are you rich?
Are you responsible for what happened?
Are you resourceful?
Are you reliable?
Are you punctual?
Are you prudent?
Are you productive?
Are you proactive?
Are you prejudiced?
Are you practical?
Are you possessive?
Are you polite?
Are you overweight?
Are you organized?
Are you optimistic?
Are you opportunistic?
Are you open-minded?
Are you often grumpy?
Are you observant?
Are you objective?
Are you neat?
Are you motivated?
Are you miserable?
Are you methodical?
Are you materialistic?
Are you lucky?
Are you loyal?
Are you inventive?
Are you insecure?
Are you innovative?
Are you independent?
Are you impulsive?
Are you important?
Are you impartial?
Are you imaginative?
Are you illiterate?
Are you honest?
Are you hardworking?
Are you hard-working?
Are you going to warn Tom?
Are you generous?
Are you funny?
Are you frivolous?
Are you friendly?
Are you forgetful?
Are you flexible?
Are you fit?
Are you finicky?
Are you fat?
Are you faithful?
Are you fair?
Are you extroverted?
Are you experienced?
Are you enthusiastic?
Are you enterprising?
Are you energetic?
Are you egotistical?
Are you efficient?
Are you effective?
Are you eccentric?
Are you easy-going?
Are you driven?
Are you domineering?
Are you disrespectful?
Are you discontented?
Are you dependable?
Are you courageous?
Are you contented?
Are you conservative?
Are you confident?
Are you competitive?
Are you competent?
Are you broad-minded?
Are you brave?
Are you bilingual?
Are you biased?
Are you being truthful?
Are you bald?
Are you athletic?
Are you artistic?
Are you anxious?
Are you analytical?
Are you ambitious?
Are you all set to go?
Are you agreeable?
Are you adventurous?
Are you a team player?
Are you a secretive person?
Are you a perfectionist?
Am I safe now?
All we want is for you to be happy.
A dog bit me this morning.
The man wants to know the truth.
The woman wants to know the truth.
The boy wants to know the truth.
The girl wants to know the truth.
Melanie is not a fortune teller.
Millie is drinking water.
Millie isn't drinking water.
Here's the truth.
It was the truth.
Tom told the truth.
Just tell the truth.
Tell us the truth, Tom.
You can tell the truth.
I've told you the truth.
Tom was telling the truth.
Tom will tell you the truth.
You must tell Tom the truth.
Tom must've told us the truth.
Tom is going to tell the truth.
Tom could be telling the truth.
Tom is hiding the truth from us.
I must know the truth about Tom.
Tom will never tell us the truth.
Tom needs to tell Mary the truth.
You can't go there.
Tom will tell the truth.
We'll find the truth.
I have to tell you the truth.
Don't tell them the truth, OK?
Tom seems to have known the truth.
Tom seemed to be telling the truth.
Tom is too young to know the truth.
Tom insists he's telling the truth.
Tom didn't tell me the whole truth.
Thank Tom for telling us the truth.
Tom swears he's telling us the truth.
Tom said he wanted to hear the truth.
A real friend would tell us the truth.
I'm pretty sure Tom is telling the truth.
Tom didn't have the nerve to tell the truth.
Tom was telling the truth about you, wasn't he?
Tom was fluent in French.
Tom translated the French letter into English for his boss.
Tom told me you speak French.
Tom told me to speak to you in French.
Tom taught himself French.
Tom studies French every morning before he goes to work.
Tom speaks French very fluently.
Tom speaks French as well as English.
Tom speaks French about as well as Mary does.
Tom really speaks French well.
Tom is going to study French next year.
Tom hardly speaks any French.
Tom kept the truth from us.
Millie loves chocolate.
Millie will tell us the truth.
Millie is very cute.
I love you, Millie!
Millie has beautiful eyes.
Millie has green eyes.
Millie has blue eyes.
Take care of the forests for your grandchildren.
I feel so lucky that I was chosen.
I'm starting to fall in love with you.
The girl that we were talking about lives here.
I can tell you that that didn't happen.
She'll pass the exam for sure.
Tom needs to learn Japanese, since he's going to Japan next year.
People mistakenly think that the past was better than the present.
This is the young lady you asked to see.
This is the girl you asked to see.
That won't change a thing.
Diverting hundred of billions of dollars from fossil fuels into renewable energy and cutting energy waste would shave just 0.06% off expected annual economic growth rates of 1.3%-3%.
Millie is learning Swahili.
Millie is hungry.
Millie loves him.
Millie is going to school.
Millie loves me.
Millie has a cat.
Millie has a dog.
Millie is eating bread.
Millie is listening to music.
I'm looking around.
It will only take a few minutes.
Everything was fine at first.
Millie is eating a banana.
I am a blackcap.
Why is French so difficult?
Millie has a book.
Millie is reading her book.
I'm reading my book.
I'm going on a trip.
He wrote me four letters.
She wrote me four letters.
You can't see him.
You can't see it.
You can't see her.
I protest against this stupid reform!
Tom never spoke of her.
Tom never spoke of him.
The city was in ruins.
Tom is one of the world's most famous contemporary artists.
You may choose what you want.
What's the minimum wage in Ghana?
I left as soon as I had the chance.
Tom left as soon as he had the chance.
I consider you a friend.
There can be no friendship without trust.
Friendship requires mutual trust.
Is friendship more important than love?
Is love more important than friendship?
The children played with wooden blocks.
The children played with toy blocks.
I have a big surprise for you, Tom.
Her face was wet with tears.
Tom's face was wet with tears.
He kissed me on the lips.
Did the cat get your tongue?
Has the cat got your tongue?
Why would Tom have done that?
Where do you keep your passport?
What's keeping you?
What kept you up last night?
We've got to keep moving.
Tom told me to keep quiet.
Tom struggled to keep calm.
Tom said you could keep it.
Tom said we needed to keep trying.
Tom mostly kept to himself.
Tom kept the window closed.
Tom kept the letter.
Tom kept silent for a while.
Tom kept silent all day.
Tom kept reading the book.
Tom kept quite calm.
Tom kept on working.
Tom kept on talking.
Tom kept on singing.
Tom kept on crying.
Tom kept me waiting.
Tom kept me company.
Tom kept his eyes closed.
Tom kept crying all night.
Tom kept an eye on the children.
Tom kept a squirrel as a pet.
Tom keeps his word.
Tom keeps his gun loaded.
Tom is trying to keep cool.
Tom has decided to keep a diary.
Tom hardly ever keeps his word.
The police warned us to keep back.
Let's keep this simple.
Keep us informed.
Keep Tom away from me.
Just try to keep calm.
Could you keep it down?
Can we keep it?
I'll call you back in an hour.
I can hardly see him.
The number seven is bigger than the number four.
She's traveling around the world.
Eating slowly will help you feel more full.
Let the pigs eat that.
Mary especially liked Tom's sentences about squirrels.
May I try it?
He probably can't forget her.
I wanted to see you again.
I can't stand this any longer.
We're disappointed.
They're getting ready.
They are preparing themselves.
Look, there's my mom.
Look, there's my mother.
I saw a panda once.
Every large volume has problems with the binding.
I thought you might like to know that.
With that, we're closing the matter.
Do I need to do it again?
I prefer interesting movies.
Tom tried to keep up with Mary.
Tom tried to keep his chin up.
Tom kept talking about Mary.
Tom kept silent all day long.
Tom always keeps his promises.
Their parents tried to keep them apart.
Keep out of Tom's way.
Keep an eye on the door.
How do you keep so calm?
Could you keep an eye on Tom?
This restaurant has three Michelin stars.
This is a bird sanctuary.
Tom built this with his dad.
Tom and his dad built this.
I'm looking forward to my birthday.
Tom will never be able to keep up with us.
Tom wanted to keep it a surprise.
Tom tried to keep from smiling.
Tom tried to keep away from Mary.
Tom pretty much kept to himself.
Tom kept to himself.
Tom kept silent during dinner.
Tom kept me waiting all afternoon.
Tom kept knocking on the door, but nobody came.
Tom kept interrupting me.
I'm sorry I kept you waiting.
Can you keep an eye on Tom?
Tom wanted to keep the party a surprise.
Tom likes to keep to himself.
Germany is an enlightened leader in the global battle to reduce CO₂ emissions, a pioneer in renewable energy and community power projects and a champion of energy efficiency.
The opencast lignite mines in Germany cover tens of square kilometers.
She doesn't have many books.
She has many books.
She has a lot of books.
He has many books.
He has a lot of books.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. Kierkegaard
It's already time for us to go.
She spoke wisely.
He's going to Paris next month.
It's been very cold, so the lake is frozen.
How much is this? Four Euros please.
Lots of people learn Japanese so they can understand mangas.
How much snow is there at your place?
A republic is a state with a president at its head instead of a king or queen.
Men's clothing isn't pretty.
Millie is eating an apple.
Millie isn't eating an apple.
I like your body.
He lives in England.
You don't have brown eyes.
He doesn't have a gun.
Does she have a new computer?
The girl has a white horse.
She has red flowers.
There is an old house on this street.
The boy has a horse.
That's the only way.
She's their only daughter.
There are few spectators.
Everyone is so mean to me.
I don't speak the language well, but I can understand most of what the native speakers say.
Nobody likes me; everybody hates me; I guess I'll go eat worms.
Tom is very mean to me.
Why's Tom being mean to Mary?
Tom's mean, isn't he?
Tom used to be mean.
Tom never was mean.
Tom isn't very mean.
Tom is very mean.
Tom is so mean to you.
Tom is quite mean.
Tom is extremely mean.
I think Tom is mean.
Do you think I was too mean to Tom?
I am not one of them.
Tom gets mean when he's drunk.
You really mean a lot to me.
What does this all mean?
What did you mean by that?
What could Tom mean?
Tom will know what I mean.
Tom knows exactly what I mean.
Tom didn't mean what he said.
Of course, Tom doesn't mean that.
I didn't mean to step on any toes.
I didn't mean to offend Tom.
I didn't mean to make Tom cry.
I didn't mean to hit Tom.
Get away from me. I mean it.
Do you mean you don't know?
Did you mean that?
Tom is watching a movie on his computer.
Tom built a room above the garage.
Were you born here?
Tom wants a house with a big yard and a white picket fence.
Tom works the late shift.
I saw it in a magazine.
His intentions were unclear.
Tom's intentions were unclear.
Why are you sitting here in the dark?
The Rs are Reduce, Reuse and Recycle.
My mom made this quilt for me.
Tom says that he wants to live a simple and happy life.
It's the only way to find out.
Tom has hundreds of books.
Tom put on some music.
Tom has a ranch.
Sometimes, the cure is worse than the disease.
Tom has a stress ball.
I keep a stress ball on my desk.
When I'm stressed, I squeeze the ball.
Stress balls are very effective.
We had a very long talk.
This building is very narrow.
Tom often wears cowboy boots and a cowboy hat.
You can see the Golden Gate Bridge from here.
The book I bought yesterday is a real soporific.
He drove me home.
The green areas are the real lungs of the city.
That is a sad truth.
I'm sick of talking about it.
I know what you've been up to.
I read all your text messages.
This is a peach tree. It's very pretty.
Are you still living with your parents?
Are you still living with your mom?
In truth, this has no gravity.
This, really, isn't important.
A lunar eclipse will be visible tonight.
I try to do it once a week.
The movie was a real disappointment.
I hate milk.
This chair is made from recycled materials.
Helen stubbornly insists that this is true.
The road is more like an ice rink.
Where is your mother?
Not true?
My back is tense.
My muscles are tense.
My back is full of knots.
Work is more important.
Don't worry my child, go to sleep.
Ukraine is a big country.
This is far too expensive.
I should have told you about this earlier.
You've been walking in your sleep.
You're welcome to sleep here if you want.
You're not sleeping enough.
You're not going to sleep, are you?
You're not going to let me sleep, are you?
You're afraid to sleep, aren't you?
You'll feel better when you get some sleep.
You'd better get some sleep.
You talk in your sleep.
You slept through most of the movie.
You should probably all get some sleep.
You should just relax and go to sleep.
You should get some sleep.
You should get a good night's sleep.
You should get a couple hours of sleep.
You look like you haven't slept in days.
You look like you could use some sleep.
You just need to get some sleep.
You couldn't sleep either, huh?
You can sleep now.
You can sleep late tomorrow morning.
You can sleep in if you want.
You can sleep as late as you want.
You can go to sleep now.
Would you mind if I slept here?
Would you mind if I catch some sleep?
Why is Tom afraid to go to sleep?
Why don't we try and get a few hours sleep?
Why did you let me sleep so late?
Why are you sleeping on the couch?
Where's Tom sleeping tonight?
Where did you say you slept last night?
Where did Tom sleep last night?
Where are you sleeping tonight?
Where am I supposed to sleep?
Where am I going to sleep?
When's the last time you slept?
When I left the house this morning, Tom was still sleeping.
What you need is a good night's sleep.
Were you able to sleep at all?
We're looking for a place to sleep.
We're just looking for somewhere to sleep.
We'd both better get some sleep.
We should try and get some sleep.
We should get some sleep.
We could all use some sleep.
Turn off the TV and go to sleep.
Turn off the light and go to sleep.
Tomorrow's my day off and I plan to sleep in.
Tom's parents sleep in separate rooms.
Tom's bed hasn't been slept in.
Tom will probably only sleep about three hours.
Tom went to sleep three hours ago.
Tom went to bed, but he didn't fall asleep.
Tom wasn't sleeping when I got home.
Tom was so tired that he fell to sleep without eating dinner.
Tom usually sleeps on his back.
Tom usually sleeps for eight hours.
Tom usually goes to sleep at about eleven.
Tom tried to sleep, but couldn't.
Tom tried to go back to sleep.
Tom took a sleeping pill, but still couldn't fall asleep.
Tom told me that I could sleep on his couch.
Tom told me he sleeps with the window open.
Tom told me he didn't get enough sleep.
Tom thinks that I need to sleep more.
Tom talks in his sleep.
Tom sometimes sleeps in.
Tom slept with his shoes on.
Tom slept through the whole thing.
Tom slept through the earthquake.
Tom slept three hours.
Tom slept soundly.
Tom slept on the top bunk.
Tom slept on the floor.
Tom slept more than twelve hours yesterday.
Tom slept in the living room last night.
Tom slept in his clothes.
Tom slept for only three hours.
Tom slept at our place last night.
Tom slept all day.
Tom sleeps with the light on.
Tom sleeps on his stomach.
Tom sat in a chair next to Mary's bed, watching her sleep.
Tom said he wanted to get some sleep.
Tom said he slept well last night.
Tom rubbed the sleep out of his eyes.
Tom rolled over in his sleep.
Tom pretended to be sleeping.
Tom passed away peacefully in his sleep.
Tom only slept for a few hours.
Tom needs to sleep now.
Tom must be sleeping in.
Tom looks like he's sleeping.
Tom looks like he hasn't slept in days.
Tom lay in bed, unable to sleep.
Tom lay down and pretended to fall asleep.
Tom is sleeping in the next room.
Tom is sleeping in his car.
Tom is in the next room trying to get some sleep.
Tom is having trouble sleeping.
Tom is already sleeping.
Tom is afraid that someone might kill him in his sleep.
Tom has been sleeping in my garage.
Tom fell back to sleep.
Tom doesn't like sleeping in a hammock.
Tom died in his sleep last night.
Tom decided to sleep in.
Tom cried himself to sleep every night last week.
Tom can sleep in my room.
Tom can sleep in my bed if he wants to.
Tom can sleep here if he wants to.
Tom always sleeps on the floor.
This will help you sleep.
The kids are sleeping.
The children are supposed to be sleeping now.
Perhaps you'd like to sleep on it.
Now try to sleep.
Now let's get some sleep.
Now I'll finally be able to get some sleep.
Maybe you're not getting enough sleep.
Maybe you're just not getting enough sleep.
Maybe we should sleep on it.
Maybe we should all get some sleep.
Maybe Tom was walking in his sleep.
Maybe I just need some sleep.
Make sure you get some sleep.
Make sure you get enough sleep.
Let's just let sleeping dogs lie.
Let me sleep on it.
Just let me sleep.
Just go back to sleep.
It's too noisy to sleep.
It's too bright to sleep.
It's time for you to go to sleep.
It looks like you slept in your clothes last night.
It looks like Tom hasn't slept much either.
It looks like Tom has fallen back to sleep.
It doesn't look like Tom has slept in days.
If you need to sleep, go ahead.
If it's OK, I'd like to sleep for a few hours.
I'm still half asleep.
I'm not going to lose any sleep over it.
I'm just looking for a place to sleep.
I'm going to try to go to sleep now.
I'll sleep on the couch. You can have my bed.
I'll bet you didn't sleep a wink last night.
I was starting to think Tom would sleep all day.
I want you to go to sleep.
I slept on the couch last night.
I slept like a baby.
I slept better than I have for a long time.
I just need to get a few hours sleep.
I just got the baby to sleep.
I haven't slept in forty-eight hours.
I haven't been getting a lot of sleep lately.
I cried myself to sleep last night.
I couldn't sleep, thinking about it.
I couldn't fall back to sleep.
I can't wait to sleep in my own bed again.
I barely slept a wink.
How long has it been since you slept?
How long did I sleep?
How did you sleep?
How did you know I wasn't sleeping?
How can you sleep at a time like this?
How am I supposed to sleep with all this noise?
Have you tried taking a sleeping pill?
Have you been getting enough sleep?
Go to sleep whenever you want.
Go to sleep now.
Go sleep in your own room.
Go get yourself some sleep.
Get some sleep now.
Get some sleep if you can.
Get a good night's sleep.
Get a good night's sleep if you can.
Get a few hours sleep.
Drinking warm milk should help you sleep.
Do you have trouble sleeping at night?
Do you ever take sleeping pills?
Do you ever sleep?
Did you sleep OK?
Did you sleep in your office again last night?
Did you sleep in here?
Did you sleep here?
Did you sleep here last night?
Did you sleep at all?
Did you sleep all right?
Did you get any sleep at all?
Did someone sleep here last night?
Did either of you get any sleep?
Could I get a few hours of sleep?
Can Tom sleep in my room?
Can I sleep on your couch?
Aren't you ever going to sleep?
Are you getting enough sleep?
Are we going to have to sleep here?
After dinner, I plan to take a bath and go to sleep.
A little sleep and I'll be as good as new.
For philosophers have not said anything straight and true that may not be created or confirmed by the people whose cities assign laws.
Cease fire!
Your parents must be proud.
You must've been dreaming.
You must've been asleep.
You must work together.
You need to work together.
You must work faster.
You need to work faster.
You have to work faster.
You must wonder who I am.
You're probably wondering who I am.
You must try to understand how Tom feels.
You need to try to understand how Tom feels.
You must try this.
You should try this.
You have to try this.
You must trust me on this.
You need to trust me on this.
You have to trust me on this.
You must think I'm stupid.
You probably think I'm stupid.
You must think I'm crazy.
You probably think I'm crazy.
You must think I'm an idiot.
You probably think I'm an idiot.
You must think I'm a creep.
You probably think I'm a creep.
You must tell us.
You have to tell us.
You must talk to us.
You have to talk to us.
You need to talk to us.
You must talk to Tom.
You have to talk to Tom.
You must take care of Tom.
You must stay where you are.
You should stay where you are.
You need to stay where you are.
You must stay in your seat.
You have to stay in your seat.
You must stay hidden.
You must stay here.
You have to stay here.
You need to stay here.
You must stay awake.
You need to stay awake.
You must see this.
You must save Tom.
You must not stay here.
You shouldn't stay here.
You must miss Tom a lot.
You miss Tom a lot, don't you?
You probably miss Tom a lot, don't you?
You must miss it.
You miss it, don't you?
You must lie still.
You need to lie still.
You must let me in.
You need to let me in.
You have to let me in.
You must let me handle this.
You need to let me handle this.
You must leave now.
You have to leave now.
You need to leave now.
You must leave immediately.
You have to leave immediately.
You need to leave immediately.
You must leave here at once.
You have to leave here at once.
You need to leave here at once.
You should leave here at once.
You must leave everything.
You have to leave everything.
You must help us.
You must help Tom.
You need to help Tom.
You must help me.
You must have a big family.
You have a big family, right?
You must get to know Tom.
You should get to know Tom.
You must get me out of here.
You must excuse me.
You must come with us.
You need to come with us.
You have to come with us.
You should come with us.
You must come quickly.
You need to come quickly.
You have to come quickly.
You must come home.
You should come home.
You have to come home.
You need to come home.
You must come at once.
You should come at once.
You have to come at once.
You need to come at once.
You must be pretty upset.
You're pretty upset, aren't you?
You must be pretty rich.
You're pretty rich, aren't you?
You must be freezing.
You must be doing very well.
You must allow me to help.
You must let me help.
What must we do?
What do we need to do?
What do we have to do?
What must I do?
What do I need to do?
We must've made a mistake.
We've probably made a mistake.
We've likely made a mistake.
We must've been followed.
We were probably followed.
We must work together.
We should work together.
We have to work together.
We must work now.
We should work now.
We need to work now.
We have to work now.
We must wait here.
We need to wait here.
We have to wait here.
We should wait here.
We must turn back.
We need to turn back.
We have to turn back.
We should turn back.
We must tell everybody what happened.
We need to tell everyone what happened.
We have to tell everybody what happened.
We should tell everyone what happened.
We must talk.
We must talk privately.
We need to talk privately.
We must talk first.
We should talk first.
We must take that risk.
We have to take that risk.
We need to take that risk.
We must take that chance.
We need to take that chance.
We have to take that chance.
We must stop this experiment.
We have to stop this experiment.
We need to stop this experiment.
We must stick together.
We need to stick together.
We have to stick together.
We should stick together.
We must stay together.
We need to stay together.
We have to stay together.
We should stay together.
We must operate immediately.
We have to operate immediately.
We need to operate immediately.
We should operate immediately.
We must not stay here.
We shouldn't stay here.
We must not lose hope.
We shouldn't lose hope.
We must leave you.
We have to leave you.
We must leave immediately.
We need to leave immediately.
We have to leave immediately.
We should leave immediately.
We must leave here at once.
We need to leave here at once.
We have to leave here at once.
We should leave here at once.
We must leave at once.
We need to leave at once.
We should leave at once.
We have to leave at once.
We must've blown a fuse.
We've probably blown a fuse.
We must get rid of Tom.
We need to get rid of Tom.
We have to get rid of Tom.
We should get rid of Tom.
We must follow Tom.
We have to follow Tom.
We need to follow Tom.
We should follow Tom.
We must finish this.
We have to finish this.
We need to finish this.
We should finish this.
We must find Tom.
We need to find Tom.
We must find it.
We need to find it.
We have to find it.
We must fight to the death.
We must come up with a plan.
We need to come up with a plan.
We have to come up with a plan.
We should come up with a plan.
We must be leaving now.
We must act quickly.
We need to act quickly.
We should act quickly.
Tom must've gone out.
Tom probably went out.
Tom has likely gone out.
This must be yours.
This is yours, isn't it?
This must be the wrong place.
This is likely the wrong place.
This is probably the wrong place.
This must be the place.
This is probably the place.
This must be my lucky day.
This must be important.
This is likely important.
This must be hard for you.
This is hard for you, isn't it?
This must be for you.
This is for you, I think.
This is probably for you.
This must be done by Monday.
This has to be done by Monday.
This needs to be done by Monday.
This must be difficult for you to understand.
This is difficult for you to understand, isn't it?
This must be confusing to you.
They must have found out about what happened.
They probably found out about what happened.
These must be yours.
These are yours, right?
These are probably yours.
I think these are yours.
These must be worth at least three hundred dollars.
These are probably worth at least three hundred dollars.
I think these are worth at least three hundred dollars.
There must've been a mistake.
There has probably been a mistake.
There must be something in the box.
There's probably something in the box.
I think there's something in the box.
There must be some way we can fix this.
Surely, there is some way we can fix this.
There must be some hope.
There must be more.
There must be a way.
There must be a chance.
The enemy must be defeated.
That's why we must leave.
That's the reason we have to leave.
That's why we have to leave.
That's the reason we need to leave.
That's why we need to leave.
That's why we must fight.
That's why we have to fight.
That's why we need to fight.
That's the reason we must fight.
That's the reason we have to fight.
That's the reason we need to fight.
That must've been interesting work.
That must've been hard.
That must've been fun.
That must've been difficult.
That must be what I saw.
That was probably what I saw.
That is likely what I saw.
That must be very exciting.
That must be Tom's girlfriend.
That's probably Tom's girlfriend.
That's likely Tom's girlfriend.
That must be tempting.
That must be nice.
That must be hard.
That must be fun.
That must be fascinating.
That must be awful.
That must be a new record.
That's probably a new record.
That's likely a new record.
That must be a mistake.
That's probably a mistake.
That's likely a mistake.
That must be a misprint.
That's probably a misprint.
That's likely a misprint.
That has to be a misprint.
That must be a big help.
Tell me what I must do.
Tell me what I have to do.
Tell me what I need to do.
Something must be up.
Something must be going on.
Must you do this every time?
Do you have to do this every time?
It must've slipped my mind.
It must've been Tom.
It was probably Tom.
It must've been stolen.
It was probably stolen.
It must've been quick.
It must've been awful.
It must weigh about thirty kilograms.
It probably weighs about thirty kilograms.
It must mean something.
It probably means something.
It must've been fun.
It must be very lonely here all by yourself.
It must be very bad.
It must be true what they say.
It must be there.
It has to be there.
It must be the flu.
It's probably the flu.
It must be soon.
It must be so hard for you.
It must be removed.
It has to be removed.
It needs to be removed.
It must be really bad.
It must be past midnight.
It's probably past midnight.
It must be our lucky day.
It must be near here somewhere.
It has to be near here somewhere.
It must be here somewhere.
It has to be here somewhere.
It must be here someplace.
It must be hard.
It's probably hard.
It must be frightening.
It must be done.
It must be destroyed.
It needs to be destroyed.
It has to be destroyed.
It must be bad.
It's probably bad.
It must be a warning.
It's probably a warning.
I think it's a warning.
It must be a virus.
It's probably a virus.
It must be a sign.
It's probably a sign.
It must be a mistake.
It has to be a mistake.
It's probably a mistake.
It's likely a mistake.
It must be a big list.
It's probably a big list.
I must've told you that a hundred times already.
I must've sat on it.
I probably sat on it.
I think I sat on it.
I must've been dreaming.
I was probably dreaming.
I must leave you.
I must complete it as soon as possible.
I have to complete it as soon as possible.
I need to complete it as soon as possible.
I must be losing my touch.
We didn't come.
She returned from the hospital.
It's midday.
He would give you the shirt off his back.
Did you think before you said that?
Today is not so cold.
Tom is more expert than me.
I should have followed Tom's advice.
What kind of music do you usually listen to?
Please send an empty email message to info@example.com.
I should not have stayed up late yesterday.
I've started enjoying painting again lately.
I don't understand what I'm studying for anymore.
The new contract was ratified by a majority of only percent.
Even though I don't have any money, I bought a book again.
I spent all of this month's earnings from my part-time job on clothes.
Tell me if you find a new boyfriend.
I made too many Salisbury steaks.
I made too many hamburger steaks.
"We're a bit early, aren't we?" "Let's find a café or something and kill some time there."
Tom has a love/hate relationship with Japan.
Tom and Mary have a love–hate relationship.
It seems that I'm not lucky today.
It looks like today is not my lucky day.
I feel like I did nothing but eat these past two days.
Tell me if you find a boyfriend.
I have decided to weigh myself every day starting today.
São Paulo has the second largest fleet of helicopters in the world, behind New York, which has helicopters in the whole of the city.
Those who want to use the bathroom should do so now.
Thanks for your quick reply.
Who amongst them do you think is the coolest?
If you were to compare me to an animal, which animal would you compare me to?
How many people do you think will come to the class reunion?
If you were an animal, what would you be?
If you were an animal, what animal would you be?
What animal would you compare yourself to?
I heard that the new English teacher is a handsome guy who looks like Tom Cruise.
It seems that my little sister got her wallet stolen at school.
"I was just wondering, are you the boss of this place?" "Well, sort of. Now, intruder detected! That means I have to kill you." "...I shouldn't have asked that really, should I?"
Human beings weren't meant to sit in cubicles all day, staring at computer screens.
Tom, will you let me copy your math homework?
The night bus service was suspended, so I decided to spend the night at my friend's house.
The more I try to forget about my ex, the more I think about him.
I've forgotten how to make friends.
No one's home at my place today, so do you want to come over?
It looks like the temperature is going to drop tonight, so be careful not to catch a cold.
What are you doing staring at my girlfriend like that?
My cellphone charger broke down.
You're in math class.
Joe found that he needed to accept the challenge.
Tom shared the food that his mother had given him with his friends.
I couldn't see the lunar eclipse because of the clouds.
During the eclipse, the moon became blood red.
What are your thoughts about Japan's economy?
Mistakes happen to myself all the time.
What do you guys think of Tom?
Tom is a gang member. You should stay away from him.
A ferry carrying hundreds of high school students sank in South Korea.
Tom shared his chocolate bar with his friend.
Tom lost half of his chocolate bar, but he gained one friend.
Friends are very important to him.
Friends are very important to her.
This player is on a hot streak.
Tom is on a hot streak.
Tom stole the pass.
Tom stole a base.
My cell phone is handy.
My mobile phone is handy.
My phone is handy.
Actually, I know nothing about these plans.
I've already told you all I know about that.
I've already told you all you need to know about that.
I've already told you more than I should've.
Could you keep an eye out for the postman?
Could you cast an eye over my essay before I hand it in?
Thy princes are rebellious, and companions of thieves.
I've been dreaming of this trip for a long time.
I want to buy a book.
I spent all my wages in one day.
They are not coming.
Do you see the garden?
Can I talk now?
Let's talk here.
Just talk to me.
Come talk to me.
Tom talked a lot.
Talk to me later.
It hurts to talk.
Do I get to talk?
Can we talk here?
Who can I talk to?
We've got to talk.
We'll talk to Tom.
We could talk now.
We can talk later.
Tom talks quickly.
Do you wanna talk?
You can talk to me.
You can talk later.
Why can't Tom talk?
We talked about it.
We just had a talk.
We can talk to Tom.
Tom talks too much.
Tom talks too fast.
Let's talk outside.
Let me talk to you.
Just talk with Tom.
Go and talk to Tom.
Can you and I talk?
Can we talk to you?
Can we talk inside?
You can talk to Tom.
Who am I talking to?
We've talked to Tom.
We're going to talk.
We can talk outside.
Tom stopped to talk.
Tom stopped talking.
Tom does talk a lot.
Let's talk out here.
Just go talk to Tom.
Did Tom talk to you?
Could I talk to you?
Come on, talk to me.
Can you talk to Tom?
Can we talk outside?
Can I talk with you?
Will you talk to Tom?
We've talked it over.
We'll talk soon, Tom.
We'll talk at dinner.
We need to talk more.
We can talk about it.
Was I talking to you?
Tom, we need to talk.
Tom only talks to me.
Should I talk to Tom?
Maybe we should talk.
Let me talk with Tom.
I'm all done talking.
Did Tom talk to Mary?
Can we talk with Tom?
Can we talk tomorrow?
Can we talk about it?
Can we talk a second?
You could talk to Tom.
You and I should talk.
Would you talk to Tom?
Why can't we talk now?
Who is Tom talking to?
What'll we talk about?
We'll talk more later.
We should talk to Tom.
Tom will talk to Mary.
Tom was talking to me.
Tom might talk to you.
Let's talk about food.
Let me go talk to Tom.
I talked to Tom again.
I like talking to you.
Don't try to talk now.
Don't talk down to me.
Did you talk about me?
Did Tom talk about it?
Could you talk to Tom?
Can we talk for a sec?
Am I talking too loud?
You sure do talk a lot.
You need to talk to me.
You have to talk to me.
You and I need to talk.
Why not go talk to Tom?
Were you talking to me?
We're done talking now.
We never talk about it.
We need to talk to you.
We need to talk to Tom.
We have to talk to Tom.
We could talk about it.
We can talk over lunch.
We can talk on the way.
We can talk on the bus.
Tom talked to me today.
Tom talked my ears off.
Tom talked about music.
Tom only talks to Mary.
Tom never talked to me.
Talk to me if you want.
Stop talking like that.
Please talk to me, Tom.
Let's talk in the hall.
Does Tom talk about us?
Can we talk to Tom now?
Can I just talk to you?
Am I talking to myself?
You're talking too fast.
You can talk, can't you?
Who's Tom talking about?
We've talked about this.
We'll talk in my office.
We should talk about it.
We had a nice long talk.
We could talk about Tom.
Tom, I'm talking to you.
Tom isn't going to talk.
There's no time to talk.
Sit down and talk to me.
Should I go talk to Tom?
Now you're talking, Tom.
Nobody told you to talk.
Maybe we can talk later.
Listen, we need to talk.
Let's not talk shop, OK?
Let me talk to somebody.
Just let me talk to Tom.
I miss talking with Tom.
Do you want to talk now?
Do you ever talk to Tom?
Can't we talk this over?
Can we talk about music?
Can I talk to you a sec?
Why won't you talk to me?
Why won't Tom talk to us?
Why should I talk to you?
Why should I talk to Tom?
Why did you stop talking?
Who is Tom talking about?
When did you talk to Tom?
What was I talking about?
What should I talk about?
What shall we talk about?
We've got to talk to you.
We're just going to talk.
We'd like to talk to you.
We'd like to talk to Tom.
We can talk on the train.
We can talk in the study.
We can talk after dinner.
We can still talk to Tom.
Tom talked about himself.
Tom can't talk to us yet.
Tom can't talk right now.
Thanks for talking to me.
Stop talking like a fool.
Maybe we can talk to Tom.
Let's not talk about Tom.
Let me talk to Tom first.
Just talk to me a minute.
It's good talking to you.
It's all they talk about.
I'll let you talk to Tom.
I need you to talk to me.
Do you talk to Tom a lot?
Do you still talk to Tom?
Do I have to talk to Tom?
Did you ever talk to Tom?
Did I say you could talk?
Could we talk in private?
Could I talk to you, Tom?
Can we talk for a second?
Can we talk for a minute?
Can I talk you out of it?
Can I please talk to Tom?
You've got to talk to Tom.
You could've talked to me.
You can always talk to me.
Why are you talking to me?
Why are you still talking?
Who was Tom talking about?
When I return, we'll talk.
What's the use of talking?
What's left to talk about?
What should we talk about?
We're talking to you, Tom.
We'll talk in the morning.
We'll talk business later.
We'll need to talk to Tom.
We were talking about Tom.
We talked for three hours.
We should talk about this.
We need to talk right now.
We need to talk about Tom.
We have to talk right now.
We could talk about music.
Tom won't talk about that.
Tom talks to me every day.
Tom talks about you a lot.
Tom talked about his trip.
Tom still talks about you.
Tom never talked about it.
Tom is talking to himself.
Tom has no one to talk to.
Please let me talk to Tom.
Perhaps we can talk later.
Maybe I could talk to Tom.
Listen, we've got to talk.
Let's not talk about work.
Let's just talk about you.
Let me try to talk to Tom.
Is Tom talking to you yet?
I'm scared to talk to Tom.
I'll talk to Tom tomorrow.
I saw Tom talking to Mary.
I need you to talk to Tom.
I can't talk about it now.
Did you talk to Tom today?
Could I talk to you a sec?
Can I talk to you outside?
Can I talk to the manager?
You'll have to talk to Tom.
You should talk to Tom now.
You should talk to someone.
You said you'd talk to Tom.
You have to go talk to Tom.
You can talk to Tom, right?
Why are you talking to Tom?
Who told you to talk to me?
Who should I be talking to?
We talked about everything.
We saw Tom talking to Mary.
We need to talk about this.
We have to talk about this.
We can talk in the morning.
We can talk about it later.
Tom wants to talk with you.
Tom tends to talk too much.
Tom talks about that a lot.
Tom talks about Mary a lot.
Tom talked to Mary quietly.
Tom talked to Mary briefly.
Tom never talked about you.
Tom is talking to Mary now.
That's why we need to talk.
That's all Tom talks about.
So what did you talk about?
Should I be talking to Tom?
People like to talk to you.
Maybe we can talk sometime.
Maybe I should talk to Tom.
Let's talk about old times.
Let me just go talk to Tom.
It was good talking to you.
Is now a good time to talk?
I came here to talk to Tom.
Hey, I want to talk to you.
Hey Tom, can I talk to you?
Have you talked to Tom yet?
Did you try to talk to Tom?
Did you really talk to Tom?
Did Tom ever talk about me?
Couldn't we talk this over?
Could we talk for a moment?
Could I just talk with you?
Can't you just talk to Tom?
Can we talk about it later?
Can I talk to you upstairs?
Can I talk to you out here?
Can I talk to you a second?
Can I talk to you a moment?
Can I talk to you a minute?
Are you talking about this?
Are they talking about Tom?
You should talk to Tom, too.
You should just talk to Tom.
You know you can talk to me.
You can talk in front of me.
Why don't we talk about you?
Who were they talking about?
What did you two talk about?
What are they talking about?
We've never talked about it.
We talked about this before.
We should be talking to Tom.
We need to have a talk, Tom.
We just need to talk to Tom.
We haven't finished talking.
We hardly even talk anymore.
We can talk in front of Tom.
We already talked to police.
Tom will do all the talking.
Tom told us to stop talking.
Tom said not to talk to you.
Tom said he'll talk to Mary.
Tom rarely talks to anybody.
Tom loves talking about art.
Tom did most of the talking.
Tom came over to talk to me.
That's what we talked about.
Thank you for talking to me.
So who are we talking about?
Perhaps we could talk later.
Maybe you could talk to Tom.
Maybe we should talk to Tom.
Let's not talk about sports.
Let's not talk about school.
Let's not talk about Boston.
Let's go someplace and talk.
Let me talk to your manager.
Let me talk to you a second.
Let me have a talk with Tom.
Let me at least talk to Tom.
It's useless talking to Tom.
It's best if you don't talk.
It was great talking to you.
Is this a good time to talk?
I'm finished talking to you.
I heard you and Tom talking.
I can talk to Tom for hours.
Have you even talked to Tom?
Don't talk to Tom like that.
Can you stop talking please?
Can we talk to you a second?
Can we talk to Tom directly?
Can I talk to you privately?
Can I talk to you for a sec?
Can I talk to you about Tom?
Are you going to talk to me?
Am I just talking to myself?
You talk enough for everyone.
You should be talking to Tom.
You said I could talk to Tom.
You need to talk to somebody.
You can talk to me, you know?
Why don't I just talk to Tom?
Who have you been talking to?
When do I get to talk to Tom?
When are you going to talk to me?
What's Tom talking about now?
Were you able to talk to Tom?
We're waiting to talk to Tom.
We'll talk at dinner tonight.
We'll talk after the meeting.
We weren't talking about you.
We need to talk face to face.
We don't talk like that here.
We could talk about baseball.
We can talk about this later.
Tom, it's time we had a talk.
Tom, I've got to talk to you.
Tom wants me to talk to Mary.
Tom talks about Boston a lot.
Tom saw Mary talking to John.
Tom often talks on the phone.
Tom isn't talking to anybody.
Tom is still talking to Mary.
Tom is going to talk to Mary.
Tom has been talking to Mary.
There's plenty to talk about.
So what should we talk about?
Perhaps I should talk to Tom.
Maybe you should talk to Tom.
Let's talk about your career.
Let's just talk this through.
Let me go in and talk to Tom.
Have you ever heard Tom talk?
Have you been talking to Tom?
Everyone's talking about you.
Did you talk to Tom about it?
Could we talk in your office?
Could we not talk about this?
Could I talk to you a second?
Can't you talk to Tom for me?
Are you two talking about me?
Are you going to talk to Tom?
You talked to Tom, didn't you?
You never talk about yourself.
You and I need to have a talk.
Will you have a talk with Tom?
Why don't we talk for a while?
When did you last talk to Tom?
We've never talked about that.
We've got a lot to talk about.
We'll talk with Tom on Monday.
We'll have to talk about that.
We talk about it all the time.
We really need to talk to Tom.
We have so much to talk about.
We have nothing to talk about.
We don't need to talk about that.
We can talk when you get back.
Tom would never talk about it.
Tom will talk to us on Monday.
Tom went over to talk to Mary.
Tom was doing all the talking.
Tom told me he needed to talk.
Tom talked to a lot of people.
Tom talked Mary into doing it.
Tom said I should talk to you.
Tom said he had to talk to me.
Tom loves talking about music.
Tom insists on talking to you.
Tom has stopped talking to me.
Tom has no friends to talk to.
Tom and I talked this morning.
Tom and I talked on the phone.
There's so much to talk about.
There's nothing to talk about.
Tell me who I have to talk to.
Somebody's got to talk to Tom.
Remember what we talked about.
Remember what we talked about?
Please stop talking like that.
Maybe I should go talk to Tom.
Maybe I should do the talking.
Look at me when I talk to you.
Let's talk about that tonight.
Let's go talk somewhere quiet.
It's best not to talk so much.
It's been nice talking to you.
Is it OK to talk to Tom first?
I'd like to talk about it now.
I think you and I should talk.
I don't have time to talk now.
Have you talked to Tom lately?
Have you really talked to Tom?
Has Tom been talking about me?
Do you want me to talk to Tom?
Do we have to talk about this?
Do me a favor and talk to Tom.
Did you talk to Tom on Monday?
Can we talk to you for a second?
Can we talk about this inside?
Can we talk about the wedding?
Can we not talk about it here?
Actually, I feel like talking.
You never talk about your wife.
You can't talk to me like this.
You can't talk to me like that.
Why didn't you just talk to me?
Why did Tom want to talk to me?
What did you talk to Tom about?
What did Tom talk to you about?
What are you all talking about?
We've talked about this before.
We'll talk when I get back, OK?
We'll talk about this tomorrow.
We tried to talk Tom out of it.
We talked about this yesterday.
We talked about lots of things.
We stayed up all night talking.
We can talk about this at home.
Tom talks with a slight accent.
Tom started talking to himself.
Tom says we can't talk to Mary.
Tom says you talked him into it.
Tom said that I talked to much.
Tom said he'd only talk to you.
Tom never wanted to talk to me.
Tom never talks about his work.
Tom never talks about his kids.
Tom made fun of the way I talk.
Tom loves talking about sports.
Tom likes to hear himself talk.
Tom is just talking to himself.
Tom insisted on talking to you.
Tom heard Mary talking to John.
Tom doesn't talk to us anymore.
Tom can't wait to talk to Mary.
Tell Tom I want to talk to him.
Right now, I feel like talking.
May I talk to you for a moment?
Just let me do all the talking.
It wasn't Tom who talked to me.
I think you and I need to talk.
I don't know who Tom talked to.
How did you talk Tom into that?
How did Tom talk you into that?
Has Tom talked to you recently?
Don't talk about Tom like that.
Do you remember talking to Tom?
Did you talk to Tom about this?
Could we talk to you for a sec?
Could we talk over some coffee?
Can't we talk about this later?
Can we talk about this outside?
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Can I talk to Tom for a minute?
You should talk directly to Tom.
You could've talked to me first.
Why don't I just go talk to Tom?
Why does Tom want to talk to me?
What did you and Tom talk about?
What did Tom talk to Mary about?
We've got so much to talk about.
We've already talked about that.
We need to talk, just you and I.
We could talk about our hobbies.
Tom would like to talk with you.
Tom was too shy to talk to Mary.
Tom was talking the entire time.
Tom says he'll only talk to you.
Tom is talking on the telephone.
Tom didn't talk to Mary, did he?
That's no way to talk about Tom.
Tell Tom I'll talk to him later.
Maybe I should talk to a lawyer.
It's time I had a talk with Tom.
I think we'd better talk to Tom.
I think Tom should talk to Mary.
Can we talk to you for a moment?
Are you ready to talk to me now?
Are you planning to talk to Tom?
You sure do talk about Tom a lot.
You shouldn't have talked to Tom.
You should've talked to me first.
Would you like me to talk to Tom?
When did your baby start talking?
What have you come to talk about?
We have to talk about what to do.
Tom will talk to Mary about that.
Tom talks about you all the time.
Tom talked to me about his plans.
Tom seems to want to talk to you.
Tom says he wants to talk to you.
Tom says he needs to talk to you.
Tom said he wants to talk to you.
Tom never talks about his family.
Tom loves talking about politics.
Tom knows what I'm talking about.
Tom is shy and doesn't talk much.
Tom is an easy person to talk to.
Tom doesn't talk to Mary anymore.
Tom can't stop talking about you.
Tom and I have to talk right now.
That's why I want to talk to Tom.
Right now, I'm talking about Tom.
Let's not talk about my problems.
I think we'd better talk outside.
I heard you wanted to talk to me.
Have you talked to Tom's parents?
Have you already talked with Tom?
Has Tom talked to you about Mary?
Did you talk to Tom about me yet?
Could I talk to you for a second?
Could I talk to you for a minute?
All Tom ever wants to do is talk.
You said you wouldn't talk to Tom.
Would you ask Tom to talk to Mary?
Why is Tom trying to talk to Mary?
Why is Tom scared to talk to Mary?
What was Tom really talking about?
We need to talk to Tom about Mary.
Tom talked to someone in the park.
Tom talked about you all the time.
Tom says he wants to talk to Mary.
Tom said you wanted to talk to me.
Tom knows how to talk to children.
Tom hadn't planned to talk to you.
Tom doesn't like to talk about it.
Tom didn't want to talk to anyone.
Tom and I haven't talked in years.
Maybe we should talk to Tom again.
Let's just all go talk to Tom, OK?
Let's go somewhere quiet and talk.
Is now a good time to talk to Tom?
Have you talked to Tom about that?
Has anyone actually talked to Tom?
Everybody started talking at once.
Do you see what I'm talking about?
Can't you talk any sense into Tom?
Are we talking about the same Tom?
Why else would I be talking to you?
When will I be able to talk to Tom?
What do you two usually talk about?
Tom, I can't really talk right now.
Tom was reluctant to talk about it.
Tom was going to talk to you first.
Tom talks like he knows everything.
Tom talked nonstop for three hours.
Tom prefers not to talk about that.
Tom never talks about his feelings.
Tom knows what we're talking about.
Tom knows how to talk to customers.
Tom is used to talking to children.
Tom is the guy I was talking about.
Tom and I aren't talking right now.
Tell Tom I need to talk to him now.
Oh, you know who I'm talking about.
Maybe you should talk to Tom again.
I've already talked to the manager.
I want to talk to Tom after school.
I think you should talk to Tom now.
I need to talk to you for a minute.
I have to talk to you for a minute.
Don't talk about me while I'm gone.
Did Tom ever talk about his father?
Did Tom ask you to come talk to me?
Could we talk to you a second, Tom?
Could we talk outside for a minute?
Can't you talk some sense into Tom?
Can we talk about this after lunch?
You can talk to Tom now if you want.
Tom will never let Mary talk to you.
Tom told me I shouldn't talk to you.
Tom talks as if he knows everything.
Tom talked to me about that already.
Tom talked me into joining his club.
Tom overheard Mary talking with John.
Tom never talks about his childhood.
Tom is used to talking to strangers.
Tom is upstairs talking to Mary now.
Tom is talking to Mary on the phone.
Tom doesn't like to talk about work.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his past.
Tom and I haven't talked in a while.
I think Tom is scared to talk to me.
I don't want to talk to Tom anymore.
I don't have time to talk right now.
How did Tom ever talk you into this?
Hey, can I talk to you for a second?
Has anyone talked to Tom about this?
Do you want to talk about it or not?
Did you get a chance to talk to Tom?
Can we not talk about Tom right now?
Are we gonna talk about this or not?
All three boys were talking at once.
You don't want to talk to me, do you?
We should be talking directly to Tom.
We could talk about our future plans.
Tom stopped talking when he saw Mary.
Tom knows what Mary is talking about.
Tom can talk his way out of anything.
Should we be talking about this here?
Let's talk about your trip to Boston.
Let's talk about tomorrow's schedule.
It's hard for Tom to talk about that.
I'm not sure Tom wants to talk to me.
I just talked to Tom three hours ago.
I don't really want to talk about it.
How did you talk Tom into doing that?
Do you really want to talk about Tom?
Did you have a chance to talk to Tom?
Did you and Tom ever talk about that?
You'll have to talk to Tom about that.
You should be talking directly to Tom.
You know who I'm talking about, right?
You asked me to talk to Tom, remember?
Why wouldn't you let Tom talk to Mary?
Who was the man we saw talking to Tom?
We're not talking about that any more.
We'll talk about this some more later.
Was that Tom you were just talking to?
Wake up, Tom. I've got to talk to you.
Tom used to say that I talked to much.
Tom says he only wants to talk to you.
Tom said he was going to talk to Mary.
Tom never talked that way to me again.
Tom is the person I was talking about.
Tom is the only one Mary will talk to.
Tom is actually talking about himself.
Tom has been talking to Mary about me.
Tom doesn't like talking about sports.
Tom came to talk to me this afternoon.
Tom and I didn't get a chance to talk.
That's the way Tom talks all the time.
That's no way to talk to your teacher.
That's all Tom has been talking about.
Nobody talks to Tom except you and me.
Maybe I should just be talking to Tom.
It seems to me we need to talk to Tom.
Is there anywhere private we can talk?
Is there anyplace private we can talk?
I'll have to talk about it eventually.
I talk with Tom and Mary all the time.
Do you know a quiet place we can talk?
Are you talking about Tom or yourself?
You can talk to Tom now if you want to.
What if Tom doesn't want to talk to me?
What do you and Tom usually talk about?
What do you and Tom need to talk about?
What do you and Tom have to talk about?
We can talk about this some other time.
Tom refused to talk to Mary about John.
Tom is talking to a customer right now.
Tom is now talking to the office staff.
Tom hasn't talked to me since that day.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you either.
There's no time to talk about that now.
It was really nice talking to you, Tom.
I'm sorry, but I can't talk to you now.
I don't think Tom was talking about me.
Can I talk to you outside for a second?
Are we going to talk about this or not?
You're going to talk to Tom, aren't you?
You talked to Tom yesterday, didn't you?
Will you please stop talking about food?
Tom, I especially wanted to talk to you.
Tom will know what you're talking about.
Tom told me you were the one to talk to.
Tom talked Mary into buying his old car.
Tom says he doesn't want to talk to you.
Tom realized Mary wasn't talking to him.
Tom might be more willing to talk to me.
Tom is the one you should be talking to.
Tom is now talking to Mary on the phone.
Tom is busy now and can't talk with you.
Tom has no idea what he's talking about.
Tom doesn't like talking about politics.
Tom didn't want to talk to Mary about work.
The person I was just talking to is Tom.
Let's talk about what's going to happen.
Let's talk about what you did in Boston.
Let's talk about Tom and what he's done.
If you need someone to talk to, call me.
I'd really like a chance to talk to Tom.
I think you should talk directly to Tom.
I should've let Tom talk to you first.
I had a good talk with Tom this morning.
You told me not to talk to Tom, remember?
When are you going to talk to Tom about that?
Tom would never talk about what happened.
Tom was talking louder than he needed to.
Tom told me I didn't have to talk to you.
Tom told me he was going to talk to Mary.
Tom talks about Mary almost all the time.
Tom probably won't want to talk with you.
Tom looked around to see who was talking.
Tom is here and he'd like to talk to you.
Tom and Mary have been talking for hours.
This is what I need to talk to Tom about.
There'll be plenty of time to talk later.
Remember what we talked about last night?
Let's talk about what happened in Boston.
I told Tom it'd be no use talking to you.
I know exactly what Tom is talking about.
I have no idea what Tom is talking about.
I have no clue what Tom is talking about.
Have you tried talking to Tom about that?
Have you had a chance to talk to Tom yet?
Do you want me to talk to Tom about that?
Can I talk to you over here for a second?
You'll be able to talk to Tom after lunch.
You and Tom will have a lot to talk about.
We've talked about this many times before.
Tom will talk your ear off if you let him.
Tom said he was going to talk to me later.
Tom didn't want to talk about his illness.
That's exactly what Tom was talking about.
Maybe we should talk about something else.
It sounds like you've been talking to Tom.
I'm pretty sure no one's talking about us.
I think you should talk to Tom about this.
I have no idea what Tom was talking about.
How did Tom ever talk you into doing this?
You're talking about Tom again, aren't you?
You said we wouldn't talk about Tom, right?
You can talk to me about anything you want.
What was it you wanted to talk to me about?
We're going to talk about it at the meeting.
Tom used to tell me that I talked too much.
Tom told me you were the person to talk to.
Tom talked about Mary for over three hours.
Tom said he didn't want to talk about work.
Tom is busy now, so he can't talk with you.
Tom had no idea what he was talking about.
I'm going to go over there and talk to Tom.
I talked to Tom about this for a long time.
I don't like the way people talk about you.
Does Tom ever talk about his personal life?
Would you like me to talk to Tom about this?
When you have a minute, could I talk to you?
We'll probably need to talk to someone else.
We need to talk about what needs to be done.
Tom wasn't sure what Mary was talking about.
Tom told you I wanted to talk to you, right?
Tom says he doesn't want to talk about that.
Tom probably won't even try talking to Mary.
Tom may not want to be seen talking to Mary.
Tom knew you'd try to talk him out of going.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his problems.
Tom and I talked about this three weeks ago.
Is this the Tom you're always talking about?
Did you guys talk about me while I was gone?
Could you excuse us? Tom and I need to talk.
Tom obviously wanted to talk to me privately.
Tom is the last person I want to talk to now.
Tom had no idea what Mary was planning to do.
Maybe we can talk about this some other time.
I wonder what Tom and Mary always talk about.
How long has it been since you talked to Tom?
Why is it so important for you to talk to Tom?
Tom was talking to Mary about his experiences.
Tom stopped talking when Mary opened the door.
Tom didn't want to talk to Mary, but he had no choice.
Remember what Tom was talking about yesterday?
Maybe it's time you and Tom had a little talk.
It's hard for Tom to talk about what happened.
What were you and Tom talking about last night?
We need to talk about that as soon as possible.
Tom wants me to talk to Mary about that matter.
Tom stopped talking when Mary entered the room.
Tom probably wants to talk about what happened.
Tom knew there was no point in talking to Mary.
Tom gets jealous when Mary talks to other guys.
I knew Tom would try to talk Mary out of going.
Actually, I talked with Tom about this already.
You thought I was talking about Tom, didn't you?
We talked about everything we could think about.
Tom wants me to talk to Mary about her behavior.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary, but she walked away.
Tom told Mary that he had a long talk with John.
Tom saw some guy he didn't know talking to Mary.
Tom didn't want to talk about what had happened.
Maybe I can talk Tom into going camping with us.
I think it's time we had a little talk with Tom.
I knew Tom would try to convince Mary not to go.
Both Tom and Mary were talking at the same time.
Tom won't talk to Mary and she won't talk to him.
Tom was talking about me when I entered the room.
Tom is the guy I was telling you about yesterday.
Tom and I aren't talking to each other right now.
That was Tom you were just talking to, wasn't it?
I thought Tom had talked Mary out of buying that.
We haven't yet talked about what needs to be done.
Tom was too upset to talk about what had happened.
Tom says he'd prefer to talk about something else.
Tom doesn't like to talk about this kind of thing.
There are a lot of people who want to talk to Tom.
That was me talking to you on the phone yesterday.
I came to talk to you about what needs to be done.
Everyone in the room seemed to be talking at once.
You don't have to talk to Tom if you don't want to.
Would you like me to go in and talk to Tom for you?
Tom has no close friends he can talk to about that.
If you don't want to talk to me, you don't have to.
You seem to really want to talk about what happened.
We just talked about stuff we did when we were kids.
We don't have to talk about it if you don't want to.
I saw Tom talking with Mary in front of the library.
I can't talk to you here. Someone might overhear us.
Tom probably doesn't want to be seen talking to Mary.
Tom is still trying to talk Mary into taking the job.
Tom is probably talking to Mary right now about that.
Tom and Mary are finally talking to each other again.
If Tom heard you talk that way, he'd be disappointed.
I wonder if we can talk Tom into donating some money.
I need to talk to Tom first before I make a decision.
You shouldn't talk to a bus driver while he's driving.
Tom's mother told him not to talk with his mouth full.
Tom started talking to Mary as soon as the door closed.
Tom has been talking to Mary about what he plans to do.
I haven't talked to Tom since he and Mary got divorced.
Did Tom ever talk to you about what he did in Australia?
Tom wants me to talk to Mary about what needs to be done.
Tom has been talking to Mary about what needs to be done.
Tom would like to talk with you about tomorrow's schedule.
Tom said I should talk to someone about what had happened.
Mary talked Tom into buying her an expensive diamond ring.
If you want to talk about this later, just give me a call.
If you need to talk to someone, call me any time you want.
You'll have to talk to Tom about what you expect him to do.
Tom nodded as if he understood what Mary was talking about.
Tom was talking to Mary while John talked to everybody else.
After three hours, Tom and I ran out of things to talk about.
Tom knew that Mary had overheard John and him talking about her.
Tom and Mary have been in the next room talking for quite a while.
The only thing Tom has been talking about recently is his new house.
Tom wished that Mary hadn't overheard John and him talking about her.
The first thing we should talk about is what we're going to tell Tom.
Tom has been talking about getting a new car for the last three years.
I used to get jealous when Tom talked to other women, but not anymore.
Tom stopped talking as soon as he noticed Mary wasn't listening anymore.
I think I would like to talk with Tom about this before making a decision.
What's wrong, Tom? We've always been able to talk about this kind of thing before.
Tom wanted to know if you've already talked to Mary about what we wanted her to do.
The difference between doing and not doing is doing.
The more I try to forget about my ex-boyfriend, the more I think about him.
"I'm sorry. I reflected on what I did." "Reflected on what you did? That's something that even a monkey could do!"
Sorry, what was your name?
I should not have updated my iPhone.
It's become a hassle to keep on dyeing my hair.
I'd been glad to receive some advice.
I'd be happy if you'd call me Tom.
I swallowed a soap bubble when I was washing my face while singing.
I stepped on my Lady Gaga CD by mistake and broke it!
I'm sorry. Did I wake you up?
I'm a day late, but "Happy Birthday!".
I carelessly gave my email address to a stranger.
The more I think about the future, the more I worry. So, I've decided not to think about it anymore.
You should stop peeking when people are using their cellphones.
It seems that it will rain starting this afternoon, so you should carry an umbrella.
Don't expect too much from the food.
The man grinned widely and stood up. He then paid the bill and emptied his glass of beer in one gulp.
I see the man.
"Do you enjoy seeing people blush, Tom?" "I'm not denying it."
If I bought everything that I wanted, I'd have no money left for what I really need.
Should I help you?
I have not yet recovered from this disease.
Here we enjoy mountain walks and fresh air.
I regret giving Tom my phone number.
I shouldn't have given Tom my phone number.
I wish I hadn't given Tom my phone number.
Anger is a good investment. You always get back more than you give out.
Edvardas is younger than Robertas.
The air is rarefying.
When I see this photo, I think of my family.
To make love is the world's most delicious thing.
Speak up, Tom.
Tom speaks loudly.
Can I speak to you?
Just let Tom speak.
Tom couldn't speak.
Tom speaks quickly.
Would you speak up?
I must speak to you.
May I speak frankly?
Tom speaks too fast.
Tom spoke very well.
Tom speaks very fast.
Tom spoke impolitely.
Tom went on speaking.
Tom only spoke French.
Tom spoke French well.
Tom spoke only French.
Tom spoke up for Mary.
Tom spoke very loudly.
Tom will speak for me.
Tom has to speak to us.
Tom only speaks French.
Tom speaks with a lisp.
Tom was about to speak.
You've got to speak up.
I'll speak to Tom alone.
Tom doesn't speak to me.
Tom is speaking to Mary.
Tom never spoke to Mary.
We need to speak to Tom.
We wish to speak to Tom.
You'll have to speak up.
I spoke to Tom yesterday.
Tom insisted on speaking.
Tom spoke highly of Mary.
Tom was speaking to Mary.
Tom wouldn't speak to us.
Tom, may I speak with you?
We'd like to speak to Tom.
You can speak freely, Tom.
Did you speak to Tom today?
Speak up. I can't hear you.
Tom never spoke about that.
Tom speaks a few languages.
Tom speaks relatively fast.
Tom was too angry to speak.
Tom was too tired to speak.
Could I speak to Tom, please?
Have you ever spoken to Tom?
Tom hasn't spoken to me yet.
Tom was too shaken to speak.
We'd like to speak with Tom.
Tom asked me to speak to you.
Tom hates speaking in public.
Tom isn't speaking to anyone.
Tom spoke to me this morning.
Tom stopped to speak to Mary.
Tom was too shocked to speak.
Tom was too stunned to speak.
Tom tends to speak quite fast.
Tom wouldn't even speak to me.
We need to speak to Tom again.
Tom was eager to speak to Mary.
Did you speak to Tom about this?
May I speak to you for a minute?
Tom is waiting to speak to Mary.
Tom doesn't like the way I speak.
Tom spoke through an interpreter.
Tom told me to speak more slowly.
Tom was in too much pain to speak.
We've spoken to each other before.
Tom Jackson has spoken at my church.
Tom isn't used to speaking in public.
I spoke to Tom just a few minutes ago.
Was that French you were just speaking?
Tom will be speaking at the dinner tonight.
The last time I spoke to Tom was last Monday.
Tom never spoke to Mary again after that day.
I can't remember the last time I spoke to Tom.
Tom Jackson spoke to our class today at school.
Tom Jackson spoke to the teachers at our school.
Just as Tom was about to speak, the lights went out.
Tom started to speak, but then decided to remain silent.
If you wish to speak to Tom, you'll need to wait about three hours.
The last time I spoke to Tom, he said he wasn't planning to go to Boston.
I don't see blood.
They spoke to me.
Let me speak first.
We spoke in the car.
We spoke last night.
Let me speak, please.
Who am I speaking to?
Can we speak with you?
Could we speak to Tom?
May we speak with you?
Could you speak to Tom?
Did you speak with Tom?
May we speak in private?
Never speak to me again.
Can we speak in the hall?
We'll speak to Tom later.
Has anybody spoken to Tom?
Let me speak to Tom first.
We need to speak with you.
Can I speak to you outside?
Do you wish to speak to me?
Has Tom ever spoken to you?
Tom has never spoken to me.
Tom spoke to me last night.
Can I speak to your manager?
Did Tom try to speak to you?
Don't speak ill of the dead.
Has anybody spoken with Tom?
This is your pilot speaking.
Can I speak with you a moment?
May I speak with you a moment?
This is your captain speaking.
Tom never spoke to Mary again.
Who have you been speaking to?
Who were you just speaking to?
You will speak when spoken to.
Can we speak in the other room?
Could I speak with you, please?
Tom and Mary spoke on the phone.
You will not speak to me like that.
Remember what we spoke about yesterday.
You speak so quietly I can barely hear you.
Speaking of last night, what time did you get home?
Tom and I didn't speak to each other for three years.
They all speak French.
None of us speak French.
All of them speak French.
None of them speak French.
Tom said you speak French.
Tom said you spoke French.
I still can't speak French.
You've got to speak French.
Tom could barely speak French.
All of you speak French, right?
You do speak French, don't you?
Many of you speak French, right?
Tom doesn't speak French at all.
Almost all of us can speak French.
Why are you speaking French to Tom?
Can we all just speak French, please?
Have you ever heard Tom speak French?
You didn't tell me Tom speaks French.
Can you find out if Tom speaks French?
Please find someone who speaks French.
Tom admitted he couldn't speak French.
Tom makes a lot of mistakes in French.
I haven't spoken French in three years.
I wish Tom would learn to speak French.
Why didn't you tell us you knew French?
Most of us here don't understand French.
I speak French much better than Tom does.
I could barely speak French three years ago.
There are many people who don't speak French.
Tom didn't speak French when I first met him.
Tom speaks French better than he pretends to.
You don't speak French by any chance, do you?
Am I the only one here who doesn't speak French?
Do you have anyone on your staff who knows French?
Why didn't you tell us you knew how to speak French?
Tom is better at speaking French than the rest of us.
Do you have anyone on your staff who can speak French?
Tom said he was looking for someone who speaks French.
Unless you can speak French, they won't understand you.
I'm the only one in this group who doesn't speak French.
The Republicans want to repeal Obamacare.
Where did we come from?
Why the heck did you do this?
Marks & Spencers is a well-known British retailer.
This company is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
This company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
This company plans to become carbon neutral within five years.
I often buy clothes at Tom & Mary's.
Do you want a little company?
Would you like a little company?
I could keep Tom company.
I've enjoyed your company.
Tom enjoys your company.
We've got company again.
I've got company.
I'm a stockholder in this company.
It's a big company.
That's a strange name for a company.
This is a company car.
This is a company town.
This isn't a very good company.
Tom had a company to run.
Tom has contributed a lot to the company.
Tom has decided to leave the company.
Tom has done a lot for our company.
Tom has recently joined our company.
Tom has taken over his father's company.
Tom holds a high position in an oil company.
Tom hopes to run a company in the future.
Tom is a big man in the company.
Tom is an executive in an insurance company.
Tom is connected with that company.
Tom is the legal owner of the company.
Tom is the owner of the company.
Tom Jackson has made the company what it is today.
Tom Jackson will be the new head of the company.
Tom knows how to manage a company.
Tom left the company after years.
Tom owns his own company.
Tom quit the company.
Tom retired from the company when he turned 65.
Tom set up a company recently.
Tom started his company three years ago.
Tom told me he wanted to quit the company.
Tom took a job with a trading company.
Tom used to work for our company.
Tom was determined to leave the company.
Tom was hired away by a rival company.
Tom was sent by his company to Boston.
Tom will run the company.
Tom works for an Australian company.
Tom works for an insurance company.
What kind of company do you work for?
Tom scored the first goal of the game.
I'm feeling a little nervous right now.
He says the sweetest things.
Kids say the darndest things.
I think there's someone out there.
Tom never laughs.
Tom seldom laughs.
Tom was laughed at.
Tom laughed politely.
Tom laughed at my joke.
Tom laughed in my face.
Tom made me laugh a lot.
What are we laughing at?
Everybody laughed at Tom.
Tom didn't laugh, did he?
Tom laughed for no reason.
They all burst out laughing.
Tom is trying not to laugh.
Tom laughed until he cried.
Tom laughed wholeheartedly.
Tom didn't laugh at my joke.
Tom made the children laugh.
Tom seldom, if ever, laughs.
Tom was trying not to laugh.
How did you get Tom to laugh?
Tom got the children to laugh.
Tom made you laugh, didn't he?
Tom shook his head and laughed.
Everyone laughed, including Tom.
Tom was the only one who laughed.
Tom was afraid of being laughed at.
I thought that would make Tom laugh.
I heard Tom laughing in the next room.
Tom laughed hysterically for no reason.
Tom burst out laughing when he saw Mary.
Tom never laughs at any of Mary's jokes.
Tom was afraid people might laugh at him.
Everybody laughed at the way Tom was dancing.
Everything's all right now.
It's all right, Tom. Everything's all right now.
There are no stupid questions, only stupid people.
What in the heck are you trying to say?
It's not what you're thinking.
This company's newest product is so popular that it's having trouble keeping up with demand.
How long did you wait to see the doctor?
I think Tom is fat.
I think Tom is fit.
I think Tom is old.
I think Tom is sad.
I think Tom is shy.
We think it was Tom.
I think Tom is fair.
I think Tom is kind.
I think Tom is lazy.
I think Tom is nice.
I think Tom is poor.
I think Tom is rich.
I think Tom is rude.
I think Tom is safe.
I think Tom is sane.
I think Tom is tall.
I think Tom is thin.
I think Tom is tidy.
I think Tom is ugly.
I think Tom is vain.
I think Tom is weak.
I think Tom is wise.
I think Tom is drunk.
I think Tom hates me.
I think Tom is funny.
I think Tom is happy.
I think Tom is harsh.
I think Tom is loyal.
I think Tom is lucky.
I think Tom is moody.
I think Tom is naive.
I think Tom is nasty.
I think Tom is obese.
I think Tom is petty.
I think Tom is sharp.
I think Tom is smart.
I think Tom is timid.
I think Tom is tough.
I think Tom is witty.
I think Tom is young.
I think Tom knows why.
Tom seems to think so.
Tom thought I was you.
I think Tom is flabby.
I think Tom is greedy.
I think Tom is heroic.
I think Tom is honest.
I think Tom is insane.
I think Tom is normal.
I think Tom is polite.
I think Tom is skinny.
I think Tom is sneaky.
I think Tom is strong.
I think Tom is stupid.
I think Tom is unfair.
I think Tom is unkind.
I think Tom is untidy.
Tom thinks I love Mary.
Tom thinks I'm jealous.
Tom thinks I'm a loser.
I thought Tom hated me.
I think Tom is jealous.
I think Tom is finicky.
I think Tom is foolish.
I think Tom is healthy.
I think Tom is helpful.
I think Tom is immoral.
I think Tom is intense.
I think Tom is likable.
I think Tom is lovable.
I think Tom is nervous.
I think Tom is patient.
I think Tom is pompous.
I think Tom is relaxed.
I think Tom is selfish.
I think Tom is shallow.
I think Tom is sincere.
I think Tom is tactful.
I think Tom is unhappy.
I think Tom is unlucky.
I think Tom is wealthy.
I think Tom is willing.
Do you think it was Tom?
Do you think Tom's right?
Do you think Tom did this?
I think it's crazy.
I thought we agreed.
I think you'd agree.
Just think about it.
I think this'll work.
I think we'd better go.
Tom thinks I'm an idiot.
I think about Tom a lot.
I think about Tom often.
I don't think Tom cared.
I think Tom is exciting.
I think Tom is flexible.
I think Tom is friendly.
I think Tom is generous.
I think Tom is gullible.
I think Tom is horrible.
I think Tom is humorous.
I think Tom is immature.
I think Tom is impolite.
I think Tom is insecure.
I think Tom is likeable.
I think Tom is literate.
I think Tom is loveable.
I think Tom is obedient.
I think Tom is outgoing.
I think Tom is pathetic.
I think Tom is prepared.
I think Tom is reliable.
I think Tom is romantic.
I think Tom is sensible.
I think Tom is stubborn.
I think Tom is stuck-up.
I think Tom is talented.
I think Tom is truthful.
I think Tom is unbiased.
Tom thought it was cool.
Tom thought so at first.
I think Tom is mistaken.
I think Tom is too young.
Tom never stops to think.
Tom thinks he knows best.
Tom thinks he's a genius.
Tom thought up an excuse.
Tom thought I was stupid.
Tom thinks it'll be fine.
So what do you think, Tom?
I thought Tom was stupid.
I think Tom is effective.
I think Tom is efficient.
I think Tom is forgetful.
I think Tom is miserable.
I think Tom is motivated.
I think Tom is objective.
I think Tom is obnoxious.
I think Tom is obsessive.
I think Tom is obstinate.
I think Tom is organized.
I like the way Tom thinks.
What'll Tom think of next?
Tom seemed lost in thought.
Does Tom think Mary did it?
Do you think Tom wrote this?
I think Tom is too outspoken.
Was it really that bad?
Was he really that bad?
I think it might work.
So what did you think?
Do you think Tom did it?
I think this is for you.
Tom thinks I'm too young.
Tom thinks it'll be OK.
Tom thought you said yes.
Does Tom think it's funny?
I think Tom can handle it.
I think Tom is illiterate.
I think Tom is inflexible.
I think Tom is optimistic.
I think Tom is overweight.
I think Tom is persistent.
I think Tom is persuasive.
I think Tom is photogenic.
I think Tom is possessive.
I think Tom is prejudiced.
I think Tom is successful.
I think Tom is unfriendly.
I think Tom is unlikeable.
I think Tom is unpleasant.
I think Tom is unreliable.
So Tom, what do you think?
It almost sounds like you don't want to go.
Tom thinks he's so clever.
Tom thought nothing of it.
Well, I think Tom's right.
How do you think Tom feels?
Tom thinks I should retire.
Tom thought that was funny.
Tom thought up a good plan.
What did Tom think of Mary?
Come on, Tom, think about it.
Do you think Tom loves Mary?
Tom thinks Mary is a genius.
Tom thought it would be fun.
Who does Tom think did this?
Why does Tom think I'm here?
You know what I think, right?
Do you think Tom is in Boston?
Did you really think I was Tom?
Tom said he thought I was dead.
Tom thought his leg was broken.
Tom thought it might be a trap.
Tom thought it was a good idea.
I think I won't go to work today.
Tom thought the same thing I did.
I love you anyway.
You should go to bed. It's almost midnight.
Where is the bar?
Where is the beach?
I think we're lost.
I think we're next.
I think I should go.
I think I'm in danger.
I think I have an idea.
I think Tom's an idiot.
I think you should sit.
That's a scary thought.
Tom thought I was Mary.
Tom thought it was easy.
I think you should drive.
Tom thought it was funny.
I know what Tom's thinking.
I think Tom is hardworking.
I think Tom is imaginative.
I think Tom is incompetent.
I think Tom is inefficient.
I think Tom is insensitive.
I think Tom is intelligent.
I think Tom is interfering.
I think Tom is introverted.
I think Tom is open-minded.
I think Tom is pessimistic.
I think Tom is resourceful.
I think Tom is responsible.
I think Tom is sympathetic.
I think Tom is trustworthy.
I think Tom is unambitious.
Tom thought it looked cool.
I think Tom is good-looking.
I think Tom is hard-working.
I think Tom is hypocritical.
I think Tom is self-centered.
I think Tom is unprejudiced.
I think Tom is unscrupulous.
I think Tom really likes me.
I think we should stop here.
That's all Tom thinks about.
Tom doesn't think it's true.
Tom thinks it's a good idea.
What does Tom think of this?
I think Tom swears too much.
Tom had to think for himself.
Tom thought it was hilarious.
Tom thought it was difficult.
Does Tom think Mary is pretty?
I think I miscalculated.
I think I know who it is.
What do you think so far?
I don't think I can fix it.
Tom thinks I'm still a kid.
Does Tom think he can do it?
I thought Tom was my friend.
I think Tom is inconsiderate.
I think Tom is irresponsible.
I think Tom is narrow-minded.
I think Tom is overemotional.
I think Tom is unimaginative.
I think Tom is unintelligent.
I think Tom is uninteresting.
I think Tom is unpredictable.
I think Tom is untrustworthy.
Tom said he'd think about it.
Tom thinks it's a great idea.
Tom thought he saw a pattern.
Tom thought I'd let him down.
Do they think Tom kissed Mary?
I think Tom is a likeable guy.
Tom says he'll think about it.
Tom seemed to have thought so.
Tom thought it was a bad idea.
Tom thought we were in danger.
Tom will have thought of that.
Why do you think Tom hates me?
Do you think you can handle it?
I think Tom is in love with me.
It's not as easy as Tom thinks.
Tom thought I was making it up.
What does Tom think about this?
Tom is smarter than Mary thinks.
What did you think of that book?
What does Tom think of all this?
Ask Tom what he thinks of Boston.
It's easier than you might think.
Tom thinks we should leave early.
Do you really think Tom liked you?
Tom thought I might be interested.
I think Tom is a bit too impatient.
It's harder than most people think.
The teacher thought I was cheating.
Tom is richer than you might think.
Tom thought I was Mary's boyfriend.
You don't think Tom did it, do you?
Do you really think I look like Tom?
Tom is smarter than you might think.
Tom is younger than you might think.
Do you think it was Tom who did that?
I think Tom was just being sarcastic.
Tom is much younger than Mary thinks.
Tom told me he thought you were cute.
Do you really think Tom would help us?
I think I know where Tom put his keys.
It was worse than I thought it would be.
Do you think you can handle this problem?
Tom thinks Mary doesn't get enough sleep.
Why do you think it was Tom who did that?
Did you really think that movie was funny?
I thought I told you to stay in your room.
I think Tom is just trying to be practical.
I've been thinking about what we should do.
Tom thinks you're going to be here tomorrow.
Where do you think Tom bought his motorcycle?
Do you think Tom wants to go to Boston with us?
Tom isn't as good at French as you think he is.
I thought I'd take an extra suitcase this time.
I don't think Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
Tom said he thought it was time for him to retire.
Tom thought it would be funny to put an egg on Mary's chair.
Tom thinks there's a chance that Mary won't be at the meeting.
I think you should know that I don't really like you very much.
He's a little rebel.
My generation is killing music as both an art and an occupation.
I really enjoyed the way Daniel played the drums in Katatonia.
He's the perfect drummer for the band.
What a huge loss.
I love the way Tom plays the drums.
Good luck in life.
I'm sorry to hear this.
Thanks for the beautiful music!
It was nice meeting you.
He is the best drummer.
How can I like this?
Who could like this?
Ireland is the only place that really makes it justice.
These are tears of joy.
The pan is used for frying.
Stay inside.
You may stay.
Stay out of it.
Can I stay here?
Can I stay over?
I'm not staying.
I'm staying put.
Maybe I'll stay.
Stay for supper.
Tom stayed late.
I'm staying here.
Stay close to me.
Stay put for now.
Can you stay long?
Come stay with me.
I knew you'd stay.
Now just stay put.
Stay away from it.
Stay away from us.
Stay close to Tom.
Stay in this room.
Stay with me here.
Tom can stay here.
You two stay here.
I should stay here.
I should've stayed.
I won't be staying.
Let's stay married.
Please let me stay.
Please stay inside.
Stay here a minute.
Tom agreed to stay.
Tom stayed with me.
Try and stay alert.
We're here to stay.
You guys stay here.
You kids stay here.
Can I stay and help?
Do you wish to stay?
Is Tom staying here?
Just stay out of it.
Please stay in line.
Please stay with us.
Stay away from here.
Stay away from that.
Stay away from this.
Stay out of it, Tom.
Stay out of my room.
Stay right here, OK?
Tom can't stay here.
Tom told me to stay.
We'll stay with Tom.
You'll stay with me.
Are you back to stay?
I'll stay right here.
Stay away from there.
Stay in here, please.
Stay right behind me.
They'll stay with me.
Tom asked me to stay.
Tom can stay with us.
Tom never stays long.
Tom wants me to stay.
We have to stay calm.
We'll stay and fight.
Where are we staying?
Why do you stay here?
You can stay in here.
You can stay with me.
You can stay with us.
You should stay here.
You stay out of this.
You stay right there.
Can you stay a minute?
Can you stay with Tom?
How long can Tom stay?
How long can you stay?
How long did Tom stay?
Just stay out of this.
Just stay right there.
Let's stay in tonight.
Stay right there, Tom.
Tom said I could stay.
Tom said to stay here.
Tom stayed at a hotel.
Tom will stay with us.
Try to stay cool, Tom.
We have to stay alert.
We have to stay awake.
We have to stay quiet.
We need to stay awake.
You just stay with me.
You'll stay here, Tom.
Can't you stay with me?
Get down and stay down.
I've asked Tom to stay.
If you stay, I'll stay.
Just stay on this path.
Just try and stay calm.
Of course you can stay.
Please stay for dinner.
Please stay in the car.
Tom had to stay in bed.
Tom ought to stay here.
Tom stayed at the YMCA.
Tom stayed in his room.
Tom stayed to clean up.
Tom will stay with you.
We're not staying here.
We're staying with you.
You have to stay quiet.
You need to stay alert.
You need to stay there.
You stay away from Tom.
You stay here with Tom.
You'd better stay here.
Are you staying in town?
Could you stay a minute?
I can't stay any longer.
I can't stay mad at you.
I'll stay away from you.
Just stay out of my way.
Just stay where you are.
Let me stay for a night.
Please stay out of this.
Please try to stay calm.
Stay away from my stuff.
Stay away from the door.
Stay out of my way, Tom.
Stay out of trouble, OK?
Stay quiet and be alert.
Thanks for staying late.
Tom can't stay for long.
Tom isn't going to stay.
Tom needs to stay close.
Tom stayed in the hotel.
Tom tried to stay awake.
Tom tried to stay quiet.
We could just stay here.
We've got to stay alert.
We've got to stay awake.
Why can't I stay with you?
Why can't Tom stay here?
You can't stay here now.
You have to stay in bed.
You promised you'd stay.
You should stay in town.
You're not staying here.
Are you staying with Tom?
Can both of us stay here?
If I could stay, I would.
It was a mistake to stay.
Just stay out of my life.
Just stay out of our way.
Please stay away from me.
Stay as long as you like.
Stay as long as you need.
Stay as long as you want.
Stay as long as you wish.
Stay away from our house.
Stay here and stay quiet.
Stay where I can see you.
Tom often stays out late.
Tom persuaded me to stay.
Tom stayed to back me up.
Tom told me to stay here.
Try to stay out of sight.
You need to stay focused.
You should stay upstairs.
You'll stay here tonight.
You've got to stay awake.
Are you asking me to stay?
Everything stays the same.
I could stay here all day.
I should've stayed longer.
I think Tom wants to stay.
I'm going to have to stay.
It's a pity we can't stay.
Please stay where you are.
See that Tom stays in bed.
Stay away from the window.
Stay here. I'll go get it.
Stay right here and relax.
This stays between us, OK?
Tom is going to stay here.
Tom is staying at a hotel.
Tom stayed in bed all day.
Tom tried to stay focused.
We just need to stay calm.
We've got to stay focused.
Why did you stay with Tom?
Why don't I stay with Tom?
Why don't we just stay in?
Would you like me to stay?
You and Tom can stay here.
Capitalism can’t run backwards.
You have to stay positive.
You may stay here with me.
You stay out of this, Tom.
Are you staying for dinner?
Can I stay a little longer?
Can't I stay here with you?
Could you stay out of this?
Do you mind if I stay here?
I have to stay for a while.
I think I'll stay in today.
Make sure Tom stays in bed.
Stay away from my daughter.
Stay away from the windows.
Stay away from Tom's house.
Stay here until I get back.
Stay where you are, please.
Thanks for letting me stay.
Thanks for staying so late.
Thanks for staying with me.
