There is always a right way to tell the facts.
Nobody can clearly see the situation.
There are two ways ahead of them.
Those who choose this way would make a big mistake.
We are continuously losing blood.
I cannot help but regret it.
I can't take no more!
I’m open to other suggestions for a good English translation for “pingouin” though.
How is your new class?
This is a paper ticket.
His dog ran around in the yard.
It's important to know one's limits.
It's a job that would help me pay for my studies.
Rome's destiny was to conquer the world.
The bacteria that are transferred during a kiss help improve your immune system.
A sentence doesn't have to be long to be beautiful.
Canada has thirteen provinces and territories.
This movie makes no sense.
What was the cause of the accident?
Mary's so nice that you can't help but like her.
You can't help but like Tom.
Tom's a night owl, but he's very sluggish in the morning.
Tom struggled to express how he felt.
I have lost my briefcase.
Tom struggled to keep his composure.
Tom was at a loss to explain where the money had gone.
Tom's face lit up when he saw the cake Mary had made for his birthday.
Thanks for your information, it is much appreciated!
You do not look for love; you find it.
Hedge funds are bailing on Apple.
The share price has notched an all-time of $yesterday.
I've won three dresses, one white and two green.
The former director is in a doghouse.
I was almost certain you'd say something like that.
There was a boat race last night.
Congrats!
She has a cleft lip.
He has a cleft lip.
He tried not to cry.
I am not coming because I am ill.
If you need instructions, check out the enclosed instruction book. If you need instructions on how to check out the enclosed instruction book, check out the enclosed instructions on how to get instructions on how to check out the enclosed instruction book. If you need instructions on how to check out the enclosed instructions, check out the instructions on how to get instructions on how to check out the enclosed instructions on how to get instructions on how to check out the enclosed intruction book. Thank you.
I feel like a walk. Wanna come along?
I'm bad at writing sentences.
One can hardly find a more suitable climate.
This is a mass uprising.
There seems to be no way out of this vicious circle.
The death toll is nearly 500.
This old guy is still sprightly.
Did Mary have to sign this agreement with Tom.
You can accelerate as much as you want, but since the car's in neutral, we won't be going anywhere.
We're going to have good weather for awhile.
No one speaks his true mind.
Certain taboos, which had remained untouchable for so many years, have come to be broken.
This phenomenon is being understood slowly.
The woman is not young.
Time to rise and shine.
Tom has long hair, which he wears in a ponytail.
I will go to school.
The kids catch butterflies.
She wants him to be happy.
I am a United States citizen.
Ah! Everything is clear now.
"I can't go dancing with you." "Bummer."
Ah! That clears up everything.
It's bound to happen sooner or later.
You could get arrested for that.
The perfect is the enemy of the good.
I was no longer myself and had severe depression.
He seemed to know everything about me.
I'm sorry you were frustrated with me. I won't let that happen again.
I did it with my own two hands.
I'm fighting mad because someone stole my bike.
I simply don't want to be married to a drunk.
Who was the female you were talking to?
Where are the glasses?
Mary sat on the beach thinking about all the happy times she'd shared with Tom.
Tom has a very fair complexion and burns easily in the sun.
If only you'd thought of that before shooting your big mouth off.
After English, German is the most popular foreign language in Russia.
In politics there are no friends, only partners.
That's a painter.
The story moved me to tears.
Could you lend me your bike?
Have you tried Japanese beer?
I believe I'm still a friend of Mary's.
She wants to see you dead.
The most dangerous demon is money.
The boy's courage surprised everyone.
I was forgotten.
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
What is old age? First you forget names, then you forget faces, then you forget to pull your zipper up, then you forget to pull it down.
My hobby is swimming with dolphins.
Esperanto, an official language of the European Union, finally!
I came late because I missed the bus.
Since my watch was broken, I didn't know the correct time.
He was unable to run fast as he was over 60.
I failed to move it for it was very heavy.
I was late because the traffic was heavy.
I was late because of the heavy traffic.
This car is as expensive as that one.
He drives as carefully as you do.
The higher you climb, the lower the temperature gets.
The more you study, the more you learn.
The less you spend, the more you save.
The more we spoil a child, the more problematic he will be.
We won't go if it rains.
We wouldn't go if it rained.
We wouldn't have gone if it had rained.
Whatever the reason, come they do.
If only he comes early, we will go out with him.
I will stay with you provided that you stay here.
Supposing you could travel, where would you go first?
The number in base equals the number 10.
Aren't I speaking English?
Am I not speaking English?
She spoke French.
Didn't she speak Dutch?
They were speaking German.
Were you speaking German?
I wasn't speaking English.
Weren't they speaking Chinese?
Won't I speak Italian?
He has spoken Spanish.
Have you spoken Turkish?
We haven't spoken Turkish.
Haven't they spoken Arabic?
I have been speaking Spanish.
Have you been speaking Italian?
Had I spoken French?
She hadn't spoken French.
Hadn't you spoken English?
I've just had lunch.
I am at lunch.
They are.
I feel like a pizza.
I will rent a car.
I'd like you to send me your Lingala book.
Where are you planning on going this evening?
If you had come today, I would have given you a thousand francs.
Excuse me. What time is the next train to Taejon?
What do you study?
My name is James.
When does this train leave?
What time does the movie begin?
How long have you been in Bulgaria?
We arrived yesterday afternoon by train.
I'll stay here all year.
I'll stay here a whole month.
May I have the menu and the wine list?
We'd better order right away.
We are on the way home.
My son left today.
The women are in front of big rocks.
The child is on the left side of the house.
The children are on the left side of the house.
Someone will close the window.
Some people will close the windows.
The boy is asking a question.
The boys are asking questions.
The woman is in front of a big rock.
Liisa was in a bad mood.
The device is portable.
Honesty is the last castle.
Tom had a job as a roadkill picker-upper and he found it very distressing.
I'd kill for a beer right now.
From the position of the wounds on the body, the police could tell that the attacker was left-handed.
Tom kicks a football with his left foot, but writes with his right hand.
Blood spatter analysis plays an important role in determining what has happened at a crime scene.
I am taking Arabic Level this semester.
I cannot understand the Arabic Level instructor. He speaks too fast!
I may have to retake Arabic Level 5.
I will fail Arabic Level if I don't get at least a C in the final exam.
The teacher announced that Arabic Level has been canceled for this term.
I'm on good terms with her.
He lost all hope.
Clearly, he's guilty.
No one lives in that house.
What does a room cost?
He came over to my house.
Courtesy costs nothing.
The Japanese are often criticized for being inward looking‏.
The Mexican people need to strive for progress.
He checked the plane for possible damages.
Nobody is here.
I got soap in my eyes.
Who can't be proud of being Serbian, part of a group whose greatest historical achievements have been slaughtering authority figures and genocides?
Some survived.
Most people are afraid to set a high goal for fear of not achieving it.
No verb in this sentence.
Love is the answer for everything.
I have bread.
You have meat.
We have fruit.
You have water.
They have sugar.
Tatoeba is currently unavailable. We are sorry for the inconvenience. You can check our blog or Twitter for more information.
Without her glasses she was as good as blind.
Even if I came, what good would it do?
It was for her own good.
Give me fire.
Tom should quit for the good of the agency.
There was no trace of evil in her.
It's good that there are places like this.
Can you speak a language other than English?
My English is actually not so good.
Are the first letters of the names of languages always written in uppercase in English?
He brought me coffee.
She brought me coffee.
She was busy.
The book that I read yesterday was very interesting.
Save up something for a rainy day.
It is Anita's house.
This is my third week.
Well then, we can have a chat one of these days; but now I'm in a hurry to get to work.
Which one is the department store?
I feel like reading the book "Aculpa é das Estrelas".
He left here two or three days ago.
Sweep the floor.
She's boiling eggs in the kitchen.
He has gone fishing.
Golda Meir served as prime minister during the years 1969-1974.
Itzhak Rabin was the Nobel Peace Prize laureate for the year 1994.
A wardsman wheeled the little boy back to the ward after his surgery, followed by a long line of anxious relatives.
Mary is very spiteful and gives Tom the cold shoulder for days after the slightest disagreement between them.
There's been a significant development in the case of the missing toddler.
Tom felt insignificant when he looked up at the night sky.
Tom works as a blood spatter analyst with the metropolitan police.
I feel like going to the movies, but I still have to do my homework.
Do you feel like going for a swim in the creek later?
All that Mary knew was that Tom was lying.
All that I know is that Tom is lying.
It's a beautiful story.
Tom voted for Obama.
Tom voted for Romney.
I'm sorry for the pain I caused you and your family.
I just can't wait to go to school.
I just can't wait to go to work.
Mary is gossiping with Kate.
Is this the boy you were talking about?
Is this the girl you were talking about?
Tatoeba.org is offline for maintenance.
Our website is offline for scheduled maintenance.
Our website is offline for scheduled maintenance. We expect to be back online by 2:GMT.
I never saw it coming.
I'm out!
This company has filed for bankruptcy.
Isn't this the boy you were talking about?
Isn't this the girl you were talking about?
Tom started reading self-help books after his divorce.
Tom is like a different person now.
Tom and Mary are irresponsible parents.
This evening I will give my friend a hand in the kitchen.
It's a mere drop in the ocean.
Peace is preferable to war.
It would be a pleasure to assist you.
Bring me a glass of tea with lemon.
Bring me some bread, butter, ham and cheese.
We would be very pleased if you paid us a visit.
I know you must be terrified.
I'm not capable of finishing this work alone.
You approached the well.
I adopted an orphan.
Is it a girl or a boy?
I need a little time to reflect upon it.
Has the evening paper arrived yet?
Tom made the situation worse.
Of course I won't smoke in the dining car.
You are not going to welcome the guests.
Tom wanted to turn himself in to the police.
Meeting you is one of the best things that ever happened to me.
It is possible that he came here when he was a child.
The anniversary of the assassination of Itzhak Rabin is a national mourning day.
Tom is wicked, isn't he?
Whenever I see a lively little flower shining so silently in the grass, I muse on all the mystery, beauty, magic and power it has that are lacking in me.
Can you really learn a language in a month?
Is this the one you're looking for?
I believe that's it for now.
I feel like going out. I got no money, though.
I believe that's all I have to say.
Where is his dog?
Where is her dog?
I believe that's all I need.
I believe that's all we need to do.
Even the blackest cow only gives white milk.
I haven't been drinking.
She took his book.
The most important discoveries are the ones that we cannot anticipate.
Buckwheat has become more expensive.
I am your friend.
Is there life beyond the solar system?
What remains of life as well as being loved?
Tom voted in favor of the proposal.
Please explain to me what you wish to say by this.
It was because of my study of theology that I became an atheist.
She is very teachable.
The population of Hong Kong is in excess of seven million.
I don't want to listen to you complain.
I went for a swim.
It was morning. There was the smell of coffee and the ground was covered with frost.
Tom believes that as long as you speak English, you'll have no problems going anywhere in the world.
Can you get there fast?
The bathroom is next to your room.
A pool begins with many drops of water.
Global climate change is one of the greatest threats facing humanity.
The United States of America and the People’s Republic of China have a critical role to play in combating global climate change.
The United States intends to achieve an economy-wide target of reducing its emissions by 26%-28% below its level in and to make best efforts to reduce its emissions by 28%. China intends to achieve the peaking of CO₂ emissions around and to make best efforts to peak early and intends to increase the share of non-fossil fuels in primary energy consumption to around 20% by 2030.
The global scientific community has made clear that human activity is already changing the world’s climate system.
Accelerating climate change has caused serious impacts. Higher temperatures and extreme weather events are damaging food production, rising sea levels and more damaging storms are putting our coastal cities increasingly at risk and the impacts of climate change are already harming economies around the world, including those of the United States and China. These developments urgently require enhanced actions to tackle the challenge.
Smart action on climate change now can drive innovation, strengthen economic growth and bring broad benefits – from sustainable development to increased energy security, improved public health and a better quality of life.
Technological innovation is essential for reducing the cost of current mitigation technologies, leading to the invention and dissemination of new zero and low-carbon technologies and enhancing the capacity of countries to reduce their emissions.
America’s immigration system is broken.
America’s immigration system is broken. Too many employers game the system by hiring undocumented workers and there are million people living in the shadows. Neither is good for the economy or the country.
Together we can build a fair, effective and common sense immigration system that lives up to our heritage as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.
The President’s plan requires anyone who’s undocumented to get right with the law by paying their taxes and a penalty, learning English, and undergoing background checks before they can be eligible to earn citizenship.
Raising the minimum wage nationwide will increase earnings for millions of workers, and boost the bottom lines of businesses across the country.
The real value of the minimum wage has fallen by nearly one-third since its peak in 1968.
Right now, a full-time minimum wage worker makes $14,a year, which leaves too many families struggling to make ends meet.
All major economies must step up to the plate if we are to avoid the dangerous consequences of climate change.
Temperatures from to were warmer than any previous decade in every region of the United States.
Globally, the warmest years on record all occurred since 1998.
Shall we eat anything?
For the contiguous states, of the warmest years on record have occurred since 1998.
was the second most extreme year on record for the nation.
Children, the elderly, and the poor are most vulnerable to a range of climate-related health effects, including those related to heat stress, air pollution, extreme weather events, and diseases carried by food, water, and insects.
Carbon pollution is the biggest driver of climate change.
The global annual average temperature has increased by more than 1.degrees F between and 2012.
Climate scientists say we need to avert an additional 2-degree temperature increase to avoid the most catastrophic impacts of climate change.
Power plants are the largest major source of emissions in the U.S., together accounting for roughly one-third of all domestic greenhouse gas pollution.
In September 2013, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) announced proposed carbon pollution standards for new power plants.
During the President's first term, the United States more than doubled generation of electricity from wind and solar energy.
Heavy-duty vehicles (commercial trucks, vans, and buses) are currently the second largest source of greenhouse gas pollution within the transportation sector.
In 2011, the Administration finalized fuel economy standards for Model Year 2014-for heavy-duty trucks, buses, and vans. This will reduce greenhouse gas emissions by about million metric tons and save million barrels of oil.
The Administration has already established the toughest fuel economy standards for passenger vehicles in U.S. history. These standards require an average performance equivalent of 54.miles per gallon by 2025.
Energy efficiency is one of the clearest and most cost-effective opportunities to save families money, make our businesses more competitive, and reduce greenhouse gas pollution.
In December 2013, the Department of Agriculture announced it will provide up to $million to help businesses and residential customers in rural areas cut their energy bills through energy efficiency and renewable energy use.
Emissions of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) — which are potent greehouse gases — are expected to double by and nearly triple by in the U.S.
Since 1990, methane emissions have decreased by 11%.
In March 2014, the Administration released a Strategy to Reduce Methane Emissions from landfills, coal mining, agriculture, and oil and gas systems through voluntary actions and common-sense standards.
Since 2008, federal agencies have reduced greenhouse gas pollution by more than percent—the equivalent of permanently taking 1.million cars off the road.
On December 2013, President Obama signed a Presidential Memorandum directing the federal government to buy at least 20% of its electricity from renewable sources by 2020.
Even as we take new steps to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions, we must also prepare for the impacts of a changing climate that are already being felt across the country.
On May 6, 2014, the Administration released the Third U.S. National Climate Assessment (NCA), the most authoritative and comprehensive source of scientific information to date about climate change impacts across all U.S. regions and on critical sectors of the economy.
On August 2013, the Hurricane Sandy Task Force delivered a rebuilding strategy that is serving as a model for communities across the nation.
The US Department of Agriculture established seven new “regional climate hubs” to help farmers and ranchers adapt their operations to a changing climate.
In March 2014, the Administration launched the Climate Data Initiative, bringing together extensive open government data and innovation competitions to develop data-driven resilience tools for communities.
The President put forth an initiative to end public financing for new coal-fired power plants overseas, except in rare circumstances.
President Obama has made climate change a key issue in some of our most important bilateral relations, including China and India.
In November 2013, the U.S., Norway, and the U.K. launched a public-private partnership to support forests in developing countries, with the goal of reducing emissions from deforestation and promoting sustainable agriculture.
In April 2014, the U.S., U.K., and Germany announced the Global Innovation Lab for Climate Finance, a public-private platform designed to spur private-sector investment in low-carbon, climate-resilient infrastructure in developing countries.
Science, accumulated and reviewed over decades, tells us that our planet is changing in ways that will have profound impacts on all of humankind.
Developed over four years by hundreds of the Nation’s top climate scientists and technical experts—and informed by thousands of inputs from the public and outside organizations gathered through town hall meetings, public-comment opportunities, and technical workshops across the country, the third National Climate Assessment represents the most authoritative and comprehensive knowledge base about how climate change is affecting America now, and what’s likely to come over the next century.
The high-density urban coastal corridor from Washington, DC, north to Boston is one of the most developed environments in the world, containing a massive, complex, and long-standing network of supporting infrastructure. The Northeast also has a vital rural component.
The Southeast and Caribbean region is home to more than million people and some of the fastest-growing metropolitan areas.
The Gulf and Atlantic coasts are major producers of seafood and home to seven major ports.
The Southeast is a major energy producer of coal, crude oil, and natural gas.
The Midwest’s agricultural lands, forests, Great Lakes, industrial activities, and cities are all vulnerable to climate variability and climate change.
The Great Plains region experiences multiple climate and weather hazards, including floods, droughts, severe storms, tornadoes, hurricanes, and winter storms. In much of the Great Plains, too little precipitation falls to replace that needed by humans, plants, and animals. These variable conditions already stress communities and cause billions of dollars in damage. Climate change will add to both stress and costs.
The Southwest is the hottest and driest region in the United States. Climate changes pose challenges for an already parched region that is expected to get hotter and, in its southern half, significantly drier. Increased heat and changes to rain and snowpack will send ripple effects throughout the region and its critical agriculture sector.
The Northwest’s economy, infrastructure, natural systems, public health, and agriculture sectors all face important climate change related risks. Impacts on infrastructure, natural systems, human health, and economic sectors, combined with issues of social and ecological vulnerability, will unfold quite differently in largely natural areas, like the Cascade Range, than in urban areas like Seattle and Portland or among the region’s many Native American Tribes.
Over the past years, Alaska has warmed more than twice as rapidly as the rest of the United States. The state’s largest industries, energy production, mining, and fishing are all affected by climate change.
The U.S. Pacific Islands region includes more than 2,islands spanning millions of square miles of ocean. Rising air and ocean temperatures, shifting rainfall patterns, changing frequencies and intensities of storms and drought, decreasing streamflows, rising sea levels, and changing ocean chemistry will threaten the sustainability of globally important and diverse ecosystems as well as local communities, livelihoods, and cultures.
More than 50% of Americans – million people – live in coastal counties, with 1.million added each year. Humans have heavily altered the coastal environment through development, changes in land use, and overexploitation of resources. Now, the changing climate is imposing additional stresses.
Climate change threatens human health and well-being in many ways, including through impacts from increased extreme weather events, wildfire, decreased air quality, threats to mental health, and illnesses transmitted by food, water, and disease carriers such as mosquitoes and ticks. Some of these health impacts are already underway in the United States.
The impacts from sea level rise and storm surge, extreme weather events, higher temperatures and heat waves, precipitation changes, Arctic warming, and other climatic conditions are affecting the reliability and capacity of the U.S. transportation system in many ways.
Climate change impacts will increase the total costs to the Nation’s transportation systems and their users, but these impacts can be reduced through rerouting, mode change, and a wide range of adaptive actions.
Extreme weather events currently disrupt transportation networks in all areas of the country; projections indicate that such disruptions will increase.
Sea level rise, coupled with storm surge, will continue to increase the risk of major coastal impacts on transportation infrastructure, including both temporary and permanent flooding of airports, ports and harbors, roads, rail lines, tunnels, and bridges.
Extreme weather events are affecting energy production and delivery facilities, causing supply disruptions of varying lengths and magnitudes and affecting other infrastructure that depends on energy supply.
Higher summer temperatures will increase electricity use, causing higher summer peak loads, while warmer winters will decrease energy demands for heating.
Changes in water availability, both episodic and long-lasting, will constrain different forms of energy production.
In the longer term, sea level rise, extreme storm surge events, and high tides will affect coastal facilities and infrastructure on which many energy systems, markets, and consumers depend. As new investments in energy technologies occur, future energy systems will differ from today's in uncertain ways.
Climate change affects water demand and the ways water is used within and across regions and economic sectors.
The Southwest, Great Plains, and Southeast are particularly vulnerable to changes in water supply and demand. Changes in precipitation and runoff, combined with changes in consumption and withdrawal, have reduced surface and groundwater supplies in many areas. These trends are expected to continue, increasing the likelihood of water shortages for many uses.
Increasing flooding risk affects human safety and health, property, infrastructure, economies, and ecology in many basins across the United States.
Climate disruptions to agriculture have been increasing and are projected to become more severe over this century.
Some areas are already experiencing climate-related disruptions, particularly due to extreme weather events.
While some U.S. regions and some types of agricultural production will be relatively resilient to climate change over the next years or so, others will increasingly suffer from stresses due to extreme heat, drought, disease, and heavy downpours.
From mid-century on, climate change is projected to have more negative impacts on crops and livestock across the country – a trend that could diminish the security of our food supply.
Climate change effects on agriculture will have consequences for food security, both in the U.S. and globally, through changes in crop yields and food prices and effects on food processing, storage, transportation, and retailing.
Ecosystems and the benefits they provide to society are being affected by climate change.
The capacity of ecosystems to buffer the impacts of extreme events like fires, floods, and severe storms is being overwhelmed.
Climate change impacts on biodiversity are already being observed in alteration of the timing of critical biological events such as spring bud burst, and substantial range shifts of many species. In the longer term, there is an increased risk of species extinction.
He said that English was his maternal language, but his accent was a dead giveaway.
Events such as droughts, floods, wildfires, and pest outbreaks associated with climate change (for example, bark beetles in the West) are already disrupting ecosystems.
Ocean waters are becoming warmer and more acidic, broadly affecting ocean circulation, chemistry, ecosystems, and marine life. More acidic waters inhibit the formation of shells, skeletons, and coral reefs.
Warmer waters harm coral reefs and alter the distribution, abundance, and productivity of many marine species.
The rising temperature and changing chemistry of ocean water combine with other stresses, such as overfishing and coastal and marine pollution, to alter marine-based food production and harm fishing communities.
U.S. average temperature has increased by 1.3°F to 1.9°F since record keeping began in 1895; most of this increase has occurred since about 1970.
Temperatures in the United States are expected to continue to rise.
Because human-induced warming is superimposed on a naturally varying climate, the temperature rise has not been, and will not be, uniform or smooth across the country or over time.
Heat waves have become more frequent and intense, especially in the West.
Cold waves have become less frequent and intense across the Nation.
Droughts in the Southwest and heat waves everywhere are projected to become more intense, and cold waves less intense everywhere.
The intensity, frequency, and duration of North Atlantic hurricanes, as well as the frequency of the strongest (Category and 5) hurricanes, have all increased since the early 1980s.
Winter storms have increased in frequency and intensity since the 1950s, and their tracks have shifted northward over the United States.
Average U.S. precipitation has increased since 1900, but some areas have had increases greater than the national average, and some areas have had decreases.
More winter and spring precipitation is projected for the northern United States, and less for the Southwest, over this century.
Heavy downpours are increasing nationally, especially over the last three to five decades.
Increases in the frequency and intensity of extreme precipitation events are projected for all U.S. regions.
The length of the frost-free season (and the corresponding growing season) has been increasing nationally since the 1980s, with the largest increases occurring in the western United States, affecting ecosystems and agriculture. Across the United States, the growing season is projected to continue to lengthen.
Rising temperatures are reducing ice volume and surface extent on land, lakes, and sea. This loss of ice is expected to continue.
The Arctic Ocean is expected to become essentially ice free in summer before mid-century.
Global sea level has risen by about inches since reliable record keeping began in 1880. It is projected to rise another to feet by 2100.
The oceans are currently absorbing about a quarter of the carbon dioxide emitted to the atmosphere annually and are becoming more acidic as a result, leading to concerns about intensifying impacts on marine ecosystems.
Climate change will, absent other changes, amplify some of the existing health threats the Nation now faces. Certain people and communities are especially vulnerable, including children, the elderly, the sick, the poor, and some communities of color.
Because the refrigerator door had remained open, much of the food spoiled.
Are they identical or fraternal twins?
The President will continue to work with Congress wherever he can to keep our economy moving forward and creating jobs.
The brave halfling stumbled from a frying pan straight into a fire.
The President is directing federal agencies to develop a comprehensive program aimed at deterring illegal fishing, addressing seafood fraud, and preventing illegally caught fish from entering the marketplace by increasing traceability and transparency.
The Administration is also taking steps to protect coastal communities from the impacts of climate change, improve domestic aquaculture, and provide research to better understand the challenges facing our oceans.
Up to 20% of the world's seafood is caught illegally.
On April 7, President Obama announced more than $million in grants to support high school models that better prepare students for college and the careers of the future.
The duke swore loyalty to his liege, but betrayed her at the first chance.
President Obama will not be satisfied until every American who wants work can find a job.
President Obama will not be satisfied until every American who wants work can find a job. That’s why he is working to grow our economy, so middle class families feel confident in their futures and their children’s futures.
The Obama Administration is committed to saving you money. We are hunting down misspent tax dollars through the Campaign to Cut Waste.
America’s small businesses are essential to strengthening our national economy.
Businesses have created more than 9.million private sector jobs in the past months.
After nearly collapsing, the U.S. auto industry has added nearly 250,jobs—the fastest pace of job growth in more than a decade.
American manufacturers have added more than 500,jobs since January 2012, the strongest period of job growth since 1989.
President Obama’s middle-class tax cuts, first signed into law in December 2010, are providing tax relief for million workers to help jumpstart the economy. For the typical family, that's $extra with each pay check.
To prepare Americans for the jobs of the future and help restore middle-class security, we have to out-educate the world and that starts with a strong school system.
Educating every American student to graduate from high school prepared for college and for a career is a national imperative.
Earning a post-secondary degree or credential is a prerequisite for 21st century jobs, and one that everyone should be able to afford.
Higher education is not a luxury.
We need great educators to teach our children the math and science skills that will enable them to compete for jobs in the future.
A child’s first years offer a critically important window of opportunity to develop skills that determine their success.
On March 23, 2010, President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law, putting in place comprehensive reforms that improve access to affordable health coverage for everyone and protect consumers from abusive insurance company practices.
Technology has the potential to transform education in America, allowing students to learn more, to do so at their own pace, and to develop the knowledge and skills employers demand.
Too few of America’s students are meaningfully engaged by their academic experience while in high school.
Many high school graduates lack exposure to learning that links their work in school to college and careers—especially in the critically important fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM).
Many of America’s international competitors offer students a more rigorous and relevant education in their middle and high school years.
The President has called for a comprehensive effort to rethink the high school experience.
A child born into the bottom 20% of the income scale has a less than 1-in-shot of making it to the top if they do not go to college. Earning a college degree changes those odds to closer to 1-in-5.
Higher education is the single most important investment students can make in their own futures. At the same time, students are taking on increasing amounts of debt to pay for it.
Higher education is the single most important investment students can make in their own futures.
To succeed in the 21st century, we must have the most dynamic, educated workforce in the world; that education has to start early in life.
President Obama has laid out a bold vision to expand access to high-quality pre-school to every four-year old in America.
The President has made clear that it is time to turn the page on an era of reckless lending and taxpayer bailouts.
The President’s top priority remains ensuring middle class Americans feel secure in their jobs, homes and budgets.
To build real, lasting economic security the President will work with Congress and act on his own to expand opportunity for all so that every American can get ahead and have a shot at creating a better life for their kids.
The President will also continue to urge Congress to raise the minimum wage to $10.across the nation because no one who works full-time should have to raise their family in poverty.
The President has directed his Administration to work to cut carbon pollution through clean energy and energy efficiency.
This year, the Administration will announce the winners of a $million competition supporting redesigned high schools that give high school students access to real-world education and skills.
A higher minimum wage can raise earnings and reduce poverty.
More businesses, from small businesses to large corporations, see higher wages as the right way to boost productivity, reduce turnover and increase profits.
Starting to save is the first step towards a secure retirement.
Workers must have a place to invest their hard-earned savings that provides an appropriate balance of risk and return, and many private sector providers do not offer retirement savings options tailored to smaller balance savers.
The President is using his executive authority to create “myRA” (my Retirement Account) – a new simple, safe and affordable “starter” retirement savings account that will be available through employers and help millions of Americans save for retirement.
At a time when we as a nation should be moving forward in our efforts to help those who are long-term unemployed find new jobs, we should never have taken a step backwards by abruptly cutting off their unemployment insurance.
About half of all American workers do not have access to workplace retirement savings plan.
The President reiterated his call for Congress to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act that would strengthen the Equal Pay Act and give women more tools to fight pay discrimination.
The Administration will also continue to work to ensure that having a baby does not jeopardize a woman’s job, and that more hard working Americans can have access to paid leave in order to take care of family members and themselves. Because the President knows that when women succeed, America succeeds.
When women succeed, America succeeds.
Today, federal law prohibits employment discrimination based on race, sex, religion, and disability.
Today, federal law prohibits employment discrimination based on race, sex, religion, and disability. It’s time to add sexual orientation and gender identity to that list, so that no American worker can lose his or her job simply because of who they are or who they love.
In the past, insurance companies could take advantage of you. They could deny coverage to children who had asthma or were born with a heart defect, put a lifetime cap on the amount of care they would pay for, or cancel your coverage when you got sick just by finding an accidental mistake in your paperwork. The Affordable Care Act creates a new Patient’s Bill of Rights that protects you from these and other abusive practices.
Insurance companies can no longer deny coverage to children because of a pre-existing condition like asthma and diabetes, providing peace of mind for parents of the more than 17.million children with pre-existing conditions. Starting in 2014, no American can be discriminated against due to a pre-existing condition.
In the past, some people with cancer or other chronic illnesses ran out of insurance coverage because their health care expenses reached a dollar limit imposed by their insurance company. Under the health care law, insurers can no longer impose lifetime dollar limits on essential health benefits and annual limits are being phased out by 2014.
Insurance companies can no longer drop your coverage when you get sick due to a mistake you made on your application.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act’s 80/rule, if insurance companies don’t spend at least percent of your premium dollar on medical care and quality improvements rather than advertising, overhead and bonuses for executives, they will have to provide you a rebate.
Insurers are now required to cover a number of recommended preventive services, such as cancer, diabetes and blood pressure screenings, without additional cost sharing such as copays or deductibles.
Under the law, most young adults who can’t get coverage through their jobs can stay on their parents’ plans until age 26.
Before the law, many Americans with pre-existing conditions were locked or priced out of the health insurance market. More than 50,Americans with pre-existing conditions have gained coverage through the new Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plan.
Nearly million older Americans and Americans with disabilities rely on Medicare each year.
In the past, as many as one in four seniors went without a prescription every year because they couldn’t afford it.
Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell ended for good on September 20, 2011, allowing gay men and women to serve openly in the U.S. military.
On August 3, 2010, President Obama signed the Fair Sentencing Act, which reduces the disparity in the amounts of powder cocaine and crack cocaine required to trigger certain penalties in the federal system, including imposition of mandatory minimum sentences.
The President continues to support funding for drug courts, which give first-time, non-violent offenders a chance to serve their sentence, if appropriate, in drug rehabilitation programs that have proven to work better than prison terms in changing behavior.
President Obama has worked to reduce recidivism and improve strategies that allow formerly incarcerated individuals to rejoin society successfully.
President Obama and Vice President Biden launch the Campaign to Cut Waste, which will hunt down and eliminate misspent tax dollars in every agency and department across the Federal Government.
President Obama has taken historic steps to close the "revolving door" that carries special interest influence in and out of the government.
President Obama believes that government is more accountable when it is transparent, and that's a principle that he has worked to make a reality in his administration.
Tom and I have been through a lot together.
Mary and I have been through a lot together.
Blackbeard was a notorious English pirate.
Blackbeard named his ship the Queen Anne's Revenge.
Blackbeard formed an alliance of pirates.
In the zoological gardens of Mars, there are animals from Earth.
In the zoos on Mars, there are animals from Earth.
I didn't know you were awake.
You should wear a hat that covers your ears when it's cold outside.
Why can't I play with my friends?
This is rather strange.
This is so unreal.
There's no shortage of work.
There's no shortage of work around here.
Is there anything I can do to help out?
These archeologists study ancient ruins.
I must go to Istanbul.
Numerous factors come in to play.
I came only for you.
Do you love it?
Are you sure that this man is called Tom?
I got dressed in a hurry.
I know atheists that have more humanity than all these religious and these socialists.
I was tired because of my work.
I returned home at seven o'clock.
I looked outside through the window.
You have a minute? Yes, why?
Lamberto is the name of a large hotel chain.
Your lives could be in danger.
Jackie Chan is a star of Hong Kong cinema.
All of the city was under water.
The girls were emotional.
He is not in the city.
Why is love so hard?
Love is the answer to everything.
What is the tallest mountain in North America?
I like chicken.
Is your wife at home?
You can take a bus or a tram.
I will understand.
Good, I will do my best.
How much does this watch cost?
Are you curious?
I will do whatever I can to help you.
It's not much, but I will do whatever I can to help you.
I wish I could do the same.
You hit the bullseye.
Did you happen to meet him?
I only met him once.
Hey! A bee stung me!
I'm pleased to finally meet you.
All the kids lined up to have their faces painted.
I smiled.
Tom lured us into a trap.
Tom and his brother are like chalk and cheese.
What are you going to do afterwards?
They are not telling us the truth.
This wrist watch needs repairing.
Stop talking to me about Marika.
We are going to be hit by a storm.
They've been forced to turn tail.
What to do!
I'll hang my coat up behind the door.
Ask someone's hand.
Why don't you come in out of the cold?
When will they be getting back from the movies?
I've heard that their marriage is on the rocks.
Shall we drink to that?
Why is it so hard for you to be nice to your little brother?
Put the knife back in the drawer.
No, I didn't know anything about it. They left me completely in the dark.
Come give mommy a kiss.
I'd rather you not see my daughter anymore.
The playful elephant calf chased egrets through the lush grass of the savannah.
Two huge bull elephants duelled for several days to determine which one would father the next generation.
John ran into the bedroom.
Ouch! I was stung by a bee.
A smile crossed my face.
She is suspected of being a spy.
As kids we used to love visiting grandma because she always had a large tin of biscuits in her kitchen.
Will this sentence be translated?
Tom's house was consumed by fire.
Tom didn't want to believe me.
So, you're not coming?
Isn't something burning in the kitchen?
I was arrested because I helped him escape.
Yes, I swear to this.
Did you do that of your own free will?
I'm afraid the monster is going to come tonight.
There were three of them and all three were armed.
When I was waiting for the bus, I ran into my friend.
Where is your money?
Mary is going to write a letter.
A round light is hanging from the middle of the ceiling.
Tom has put on more weight.
They brought umbrellas.
She arrived there before Tom.
I'm waiting for you to help me.
My body is not as supple as it once was.
They granted the journalist an interview.
Do you know when he'll get back?
I don't waste anything.
Memories came flooding back when Tom found some photos from his childhood in an old box in the attic.
Today there is no lesson.
The last mile is the longest.
Very!
I noticed that the bus drivers cannot brake.
I have noticed that the bus drivers don't know how to brake.
I want to eat something that's not spicy.
I want to eat something that's not hot and spicy.
Your English is very good.
The Regency Hotel was closed indefinitely.
The number was indelibly printed on her brain.
Turkey became an independent republic on October 29th 1923.
I became financially independent.
An indecipherable glance passed between them.
They were both wise and incorruptible men.
Japanese industry is making increasing use of robots.
A tiny fishing boat was drifting slowly along.
Be careful not to drill into gas pipes.
He replied with promptness and courtesy.
Put your money where your mouth is.
Many animal species are on the brink of extinction.
Baby birds generally can't take to the air until they are several weeks old.
My Administration is committed to creating an unprecedented level of openness in Government. We will work together to ensure the public trust and establish a system of transparency, public participation, and collaboration.
Government should be transparent.
Transparency promotes accountability and provides information for citizens about what their Government is doing.
My Administration will take appropriate action, consistent with law and policy, to disclose information rapidly in forms that the public can readily find and use.
Executive departments and agencies should harness new technologies to put information about their operations and decisions online and readily available to the public.
Government should be participatory.
Public engagement enhances the Government's effectiveness and improves the quality of its decisions.
Executive departments and agencies should offer Americans increased opportunities to participate in policymaking and to provide their Government with the benefits of their collective expertise and information.
Executive departments and agencies should solicit public input on how we can increase and improve opportunities for public participation in Government.
Government should be collaborative.
Executive departments and agencies should use innovative tools, methods, and systems to cooperate among themselves, across all levels of Government, and with nonprofit organizations, businesses, and individuals in the private sector.
Executive departments and agencies should solicit public feedback to assess and improve their level of collaboration and to identify new opportunities for cooperation.
This memorandum is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by a party against the United States, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person.
This memorandum shall be published in the Federal Register.
A democracy requires accountability, and accountability requires transparency.
As Justice Louis Brandeis wrote, "sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants."
In our democracy, the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), which encourages accountability through transparency, is the most prominent expression of a profound national commitment to ensuring an open Government.
Accountability is in the interest of the Government and the citizenry alike.
The Freedom of Information Act should be administered with a clear presumption: In the face of doubt, openness prevails.
The Government should not keep information confidential merely because public officials might be embarrassed by disclosure, because errors and failures might be revealed, or because of speculative or abstract fears.
Nondisclosure should never be based on an effort to protect the personal interests of Government officials at the expense of those they are supposed to serve.
In responding to requests under the FOIA, executive branch agencies should act promptly and in a spirit of cooperation, recognizing that such agencies are servants of the public.
All agencies should adopt a presumption in favor of disclosure, in order to renew their commitment to the principles embodied in FOIA, and to usher in a new era of open Government.
Agencies should take affirmative steps to make information public. They should not wait for specific requests from the public.
All agencies should use modern technology to inform citizens about what is known and done by their Government.
The White House Office of Science and Technology Policy advises the President about the effects of science and technology on domestic and international affairs.
Transparency in government is a key component of a democracy. Ensuring that the public has access to government information both builds public trust in government decision-making and allows the public to hold government accountable for those decisions.
Scientific collections are assemblies of physical objects that are valuable for research and education — including drilling cores from the ocean floor and glaciers, seeds, space rocks, cells, mineral samples, fossils, and more.
Thousands of major government data resources have been posted in "machine-readable" form for free public access on the Data.gov website, and range from weather data to car safety ratings to the cost of healthcare procedures.
I felt like slapping her in the face.
Tom's house burned to the ground.
Now it's too late. The train has already left.
If I understand correctly, I've been taken for a ride.
This will not happen to you anymore.
We're on Interstate 11.
I don't feel safe here.
I wouldn't do that for all the money in the world.
They don't work with us anymore.
We set out by car.
You know what I think of that.
You know what my opinion of that is.
You know how I feel about that.
She doesn't live here anymore.
She is as guilty as Tom.
Mary is as guilty as Tom.
I checked my bags.
Tom is crazy, and possibly dangerous.
You are as guilty as he is.
You're as guilty as him.
You've won my heart.
I am not doing anything now.
You've won her heart.
That movie is ace.
Here is what I ate today.
They said that it was important.
You said that it was important.
They said it was important.
He said it was important.
She said it was important.
He said that it was important.
She said that it was important.
You are not eating anything.
Sounds good!
Do you want to see him again?
The ruling class will not surrender its power.
He was wounded during a shoot-out with the police.
The prices are variable, so shop around.
She was a shining example to people everywhere.
The car needs a service.
I served the children their meal.
In what way may I be of service to you?
It is a perfectly manageable task.
The Milky Way consists of about a hundred billion stars.
I'm not stupid, am I?
The Earth and Sun are just tiny dots among the billions of stars in the Milky Way Galaxy.
Ixtli has a lovely face.
Tochtli likes rabbit meat.
Xochipepe likes flowers.
Milky Way is a chocolate bar distributed by the Mars Confectionery Company.
Tláloc likes travelling.
Tláloc likes to travel.
Meztli likes the moon.
She regretted not being able to attend the concert.
They celebrated the completion of his high school years.
He awaits his examination results so he can choose an appropriate course at University.
What you're doing is so noisy that I can't hear what you're saying.
I'm not frightened of ghosts.
No, I'm not frightened of ghosts.
I don't know what the next step is.
I don't know what the next step should be.
It's not going very well for you.
And another thing, do you play the violin?
Can I help in any way?
With whom do you live?
Nobody thinks Tom will win the race.
Do I have to do it already?
Do I have to do it right now?
Lemons grow on lemon trees and oranges on orange trees.
Put your coat on before you go out or you'll catch cold.
When the dog is happy it wags its tail.
Why was Tom fired?
You're tired of not doing anything.
They're tired of not doing anything.
We can't see ultraviolet light, but insects can.
These cards are the four of spades and the six of hearts.
Which page did you see that on?
I prefer not to comment.
He kept silent for a long time.
Poland is not yet lost.
Do you believe in a higher power?
She walks her dog to the park before breakfast.
How does one cook rice without starch?
How do you cook rice without starch?
This is the house where I lived as a child.
Well, at least it's one thing we've accomplished.
When you turn to the left, you'll see a white building.
One can't be everywhere at the same time.
Why do you have to go?
I learned a lot about myself in the process of giving up tobacco.
To give up smoking was the hardest thing I've done in my life.
I like hiking in the mountains.
I'm not an early riser.
On further examination of the report, it was clear that the devil was in the detail.
Tom said he had half a mind to throw in his job and hitchhike around Australia.
Tom and Mary stopped and picked up a hitchhiker.
He did not notice that there was a sick man sleeping in the next room.
Tom's going to be a grandfather again.
The firmware update adds full character support for notifications in eighty languages.
I felt like laughing, but I didn't dare.
Three quarters of the surface of the Earth is water.
Three quarters of the surface of Earth is water.
They gave the spaceship the name “Discovery”.
He's self centered.
That's why I like traveling, and would like to experience many different cultures.
I visited France twice, once when I was a university student, the second time during a stay in Morocco.
Each time I spent only a short time in Paris, and this has given me much to regret.
I found a French friend in Morocco. She told me that the atmosphere in Paris is not that of the rest of France, and that other cities and provinces are very beautiful.
Since I heard this, I want to travel french cities and provinces, learn beautiful French, and more than anything prepare French cuisine with my own hands. And feel the atmosphere of France.
This is why I would like an extended visa as well as as funds for my stay.
You've read three books since this morning.
I have received a box of pomegranates from Armenia.
Tom's having a lot of problems with noisy neighbours in his new apartment.
Tom was exhausted after his trip and it took him at least a week to recover from it.
Tom wanted to shout his love for Mary from the rooftops.
I intended to go straight home, but my footsteps led me, somehow, to the library.
We cleaned up our room.
Did he iron his pants?
The house has two doors and a lot of windows.
The house has two doors: big and small.
The phone is on the table.
You used to read novels.
This egg smells bad.
Tom doesn't want to admit that Mary was right and that he was wrong.
I asked him to keep me posted.
The motor stopped.
May I turn off the light?
Do you know what I'm saying?
A dog who is a good barker is not a good dog.
"I think I need a stiff drink." "Make that two."
Tom likes to play with my dog.
On Monday I have to take back the books to the library.
All girls love horses.
What is the main goal of this project?
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
The weather's not as good today as it was yesterday.
She used to get up early.
Tom was very conflicted by the difficult decision he had to make.
You could tell Tom was unconscious as he fell because he made no effort to break his fall.
We don’t just borrow words; on occasion, English has pursued other languages down alleyways to beat them unconscious and rifle their pockets for new vocabulary.
She deserves a better life.
I can hardly believe this.
These people are prejudiced.
Tomorrow will be better!
As you can see, we're still working.
It's a waste of time to talk about it.
Learning makes wise, ignorance otherwise.
Excuse me, can I join you?
To talk about it is a waste of time.
Talking about it is a waste of time.
Better a new friend than an old foe.
I love you with all I am.
This is yet to come.
They had to remove a bullet lodged near his spine.
When did you fall in love with me?
If you were gone, I'd die.
I suddenly realized that everything in my life was not an accident.
The man is driving a car.
I felt like going out, but I had no money at all.
When a man cannot choose, he ceases to be a man.
I'm not going to do that anymore.
If the problem lies within you, then no one else can help.
What does the police officer do?
I work on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays.
Do you prefer cats or dogs?
A Chinese company has bought one of the most famous hotels in New York.
Could you give me your phone number?
Someone withdrew the dagger from my back.
The daisy is white.
Could I have your phone number?
White bears live in the Arctic.
I have never heard her say no.
I have never heard him say no.
I have never heard that girl say no.
I found out we were all alike.
Let's settle this once and for all.
Miss Sua, she's been doing yoga recently and really lost a lot of weight!
The wound bled.
That is enormous.
You have two younger siblings.
Seeing the eagle against the red of the setting sun, Lech took this as a good omen and decided to settle there.
The young lady is modest like a violet.
Nothing can spoil the fun.
Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately, no.
The party decorations were colorful.
Stop acting like a spoilt child.
Stop the childish cutesy act.
We couldn't reach the initial goal.
You are aggressive.
The association has thirty members.
As years pass by, I long for my hometown more and more.
Salt in the kitchen will only make food salty if you use it.
How long does a relationship usually last in Brazil?
What should be done if we want to find our soul mate?
I couldn't sleep well because of a harsh dream.
Happiness shared returns many-fold, sadness shared comes back halved.
The dog's eye can only see shit.
You can only see what you like the most.
Raised hands have become a symbol of protest.
Over sixty people were arrested.
Even a straw shoe belongs to a pair.
Every Jack has his Jill.
There's someone for everyone.
Trust me. I'm a doctor.
A journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step.
His face clearly shows gratitude.
An expression of gratitude can be clearly seen on his face.
Mary becomes lethargic in the summer heat.
Mary was confined to the house because it was too hot to venture outside.
Most women dream of a splendid wedding.
To think they would use such indecent language! It's really disgusting.
In the street, flags are flying.
They didn't achieve their goal.
The city is surrounded by a wall.
Give me my portion.
The death of the president caused great mourning.
The price of food has gone up.
Tom didn't want to work in the coal mines, so he moved to the city.
Tom didn't want to admit that he was scared.
Stop pretending that everything's okay. It's not.
I've been working since I was fourteen years old.
I've been working since I was sixteen years old.
Mary worked as a babysitter when she was a teenager.
My friends are my family.
You could come and live with me.
I met somebody online.
I need to talk to you about an urgent matter.
Tom is just an average guy.
Mary is just an average girl.
Don't be ashamed of who you are.
Tom, will you stop it.
Tom, what's wrong with you tonight?
Mary, what's wrong with you today?
Will you stop it already!
Tom, will you stop it already!
Tom's lawn needs mowing.
Tom mowed Mary's lawn for her.
I'm fine, mom.
What are you trying to do? Drive me insane?
Don't knock it unless you try it first.
Mary pulled her hair back into a ponytail.
Mary looked into the mirror while she was brushing her hair.
As you can see, I haven't done any cleaning in the house for some time.
Tom sat down beside her.
I'd suggest that you clean up a bit before your mother gets here.
Tom had to live with the consequences of his actions.
You think you're pretty funny, don't you?
Tom drives his parents' car.
Tom drives an electric car.
My battery is almost dead.
He's a good driver.
I understand what she's saying.
Do you have a driver's license with you?
You don't need to leave immediately.
Mary has fewer friends than Kate.
Hey, are you there? Can you hear me?
Many trees were cut down.
He left the room when I came in.
Are you not feeling well?
I know you don't like me very much.
I talk fast.
I've been waiting for this moment all my life.
I remember it well.
I am forever busy.
"I dreamed of you yesterday." "Seriously? And what was I doing?"
Ah, I forgot to buy tofu.
He left for London in the beginning of July.
Would you be able to come back here tomorrow at 14:30?
I laughed my head off!
Give me water.
That's my hobby.
Have a good dream!
She is going to drive me crazy!
It's up to them to meet halfway.
The little boy was ecstatic.
This man is very generous.
Metroid Prime 3: Corruption is a Nintendo video game sold exclusively for the Wii.
That's far out!
It smells like gas.
The bus is broken!
Is the bus broken?
I wanted to invite Mr. Jinsu this evening to thank him for helping me earlier.
It seems Mom is doing the dishes.
Lack of sleep can gradually affect health.
Aren't you extremely busy preparing for your trip these days?
I want to introduce you to her.
The pencils are sold in dozens.
The good things about democracy is: anybody can say what's on their mind, but nobody has to listen to it.
I used to go to school when I was a child.
My native language is Turkish.
I want to do some sport.
A name indicating something far away or in distant memory.
This task was deadly tedious.
This task was incredibly boring.
Don't let me be misunderstood.
Do not misunderstand this.
I hope to begin learning your beautiful language in the near future.
Is it really necessary to save these letters?
I told you that!
They are both well-known columnists, but they work at rival newspapers.
He has been a gossip columnist for nine years now.
Everyone has a house to go to, a home where they can find shelter. My house is the desert, my home the barren heath. The north wind is my fire, the rain my only bath.
Chocolate is toxic to many animals.
Theobromine poisoning occurs more frequently in domestic animals than in humans.
Our team did not reach the playoffs this year.
There is no such thing as a good stereotype.
After the third film, this franchise is terrible.
Most film franchises eventually run out of ideas.
Her company grew so quickly that she began franchising.
Tom often dreams of his girlfriend.
She runs a franchise of a popular restaurant chain.
Hysterectomy is the surgical removal of part or all of the uterus.
Despite significant surgical risks and potential long-term effects, hysterectomies are often performed for benign conditions.
What was it supposed to mean?
Tom gave Mary $1,in a brown paper bag.
An old pond. A frog jumps in. The sound of water.
Where did you find her photo?
Where did you find his photo?
My uncle Bob fixed my clock and now it tells the time correctly.
I leave the house at eight fifteen, and arrive at school at eight forty‐five.
Last weekend I went for a picnic in the mountains.
You have time to think.
We don't need money.
I tried to stay calm.
She entertains the children.
Mary smoked a cigar.
Don't touch my car.
Want to play tit for tat ?
As it is written, the birds are preparing to launch an attack on us as we speak!
You'd better not come too close to me. I'm in a bad mood.
If you lend your money to your friend, you will lose your money and your friend.
The quick brown fox jumps over a lazy dog.
A group of only two points is part of only one line.
We waited ten minutes.
Have you ever been to karaoke alone?
The cherry is red.
There is an old pond. There was a frog that jumped in. I could hear the splash.
Don't spend so much time watching television.
Everyone thought we were going to lose.
The lawyer offered his services pro bono.
A mirror can be made out of metal or glass.
The woman let out such a loud shriek that the house shook.
Mary lights the candles in her room.
Have you decided already?
Men were attracted to her like moths to a flame.
Beat me up!
Tom lathered his face and shaved with a cut-throat razor.
The relationship was a disaster from day one.
Please free the captured birds.
There are six nominees for this year's prize.
He is a nominee in four award categories.
She has been a nominee on five occasions, three of them in consecutive years.
Don't let him draw you into a theological debate, or you'll be stuck there all night!
Many cultures have specific rituals and beliefs regarding the disposal of the placenta.
Several companies currently produce cosmetic products containing extracts of animal placenta.
A developing embryo connects to the placenta via the umbilical cord.
"Gee, it sure is boring around here!" "You've got to be kidding." "Yes!" "Good."
When criminal cases come to trial, it is common for twelve jurors to serve on the jury.
I'm going to tell Duke Onkled what you said about him!
"You've fallen asleep. Good. I am now going to leave you all alone in the dark while I go out and get drunk." "You are a terrible person." "Gosh! You're still awake." "I stick my tongue out at you as a gesture of defiance. Now continue with the bloody story. If you omit even the tiniest and most insignificant of details, you will return here tomorrow to find these walls covered in excrement. Do I make myself perfectly clear?" "Shut up and listen."
There are several ways to fund postgraduate study.
Postgraduate research is much more demanding than research at undergraduate level.
Our department has about one hundred postgraduate students, but entry is highly selective.
She has two postgraduate degrees, and will begin work on her doctorate next year.
Sodium is one of the most abundant elements in the Earth's crust.
Table salt, primarily composed of sodium chloride, can be used both to season and to preserve food.
Do you hear that, Mom? The boys are laughing at me again!
The mother doesn't see your ugly nose.
I'm going to look for my brother and the fine piece of ass that he's tapping. Remain here in silence.
"Why did you try to escape from me? I brought you into this world and I could just as easily take you out of it." "You can't tell me what to do. I am my own freaking boss, I play by my own freaking rules. I take instructions from nobody, not even the enclosed instruction book."
This is only the tip of the iceberg.
Is this just the tip of the iceberg?
You don't sing very well.
The periodic table is a presentation of the chemical elements in order of increasing atomic number.
The columns of the periodic table are called groups and the rows are called periods.
How would you describe the culture of your workplace?
What are the common attributes of your highest achievers?
What resources are in place to encourage employee development?
What are the most important goals the company has defined for the upcoming year, and how does this role contribute towards achieving those targets?
In this film they both portray notorious gang leaders.
I still can't work out what the artist intended to portray.
Tom is dating a Chinese exchange student.
It's important for every musician to ensure there is variety in their repertoire.
"Save me, Dr. Rabbit!" "No." "Oh!" "Attack, children!"
That's the understatement of the millennium!
Some countries use ordinal numbers to count millennia, whereas others count them using cardinal numbers.
This is the end. Go away!
Bayous are common in Gulf Coast areas of the southern United States of America.
"King, it is time you said "my boy" again." "But I don't want to!"
My stepsister finished the last of the cranberry juice.
My future mother-in-law makes wonderful blackberry pie.
Great-Grandma is the undisputed matriarch of our family.
Nectarines and peaches are the same species.
Believing nectarines to be a crossbreed of plums and peaches is a widespread misconception.
Examples of drupes - also called stone fruits - include cherries, damsons, olives, dates, and apricots.
My brother loves damsons both cooked and raw, but I find them unpalatable when not made into jam.
It's quite nippy today, so take your coat with you.
She provides the brains and he provides the brawn.
Menstrual cups are an alternative to tampons and sanitary pads.
Where do you see yourself five years from now?
I like black.
The universe is about 13.milliard years old.
The universe is about 13.thousand million years old.
She declined my invitation.
I bought him a clock.
They also saw it.
They also saw him.
You have to tell Tom everything.
When did Tom say Mary was coming?
When did Tom say Mary would come?
Tom is kind and generous.
Don't take any notice of the mess.
Where did you meet your boyfriend?
Where did you meet your girlfriend?
Mary fell in love with a very wealthy man.
A pair of points is part of only one line.
Never be afraid to make mistakes.
I just wanted to get here as fast as possible.
The driver of an oncoming car flashed his lights at Tom as a warning that there was a mobile speed camera up ahead. Tom, who had been speeding, immediately slowed down and passed the camera at just under the speed limit.
Why didn't you help him?
Don't let the opportunity get away.
Tom copped a fair bit of ribbing about his battered old car.
The police were able to link Tom's DNA to the crime scene.
All resumes must be in before Friday next week.
That's the wrong tone to adopt with me.
God forbid that anything should happen to Tom.
There's no right or wrong way to grieve.
The Australian nation is in shock and grief today following the tragic death of one of its favourite young cricketers while playing cricket.
You look sleepy.
Why aren't you eating anything?
I'm not doing anything now.
I like red wine better than white wine.
It's hail stoning.
It hail stoned.
It's sunny.
It was sunny.
There is a storm.
There was a storm.
I'll take you to school.
We study from six to eight hours a week.
I'll take you back to school.
He threw a punch at the thug.
I could not believe what I saw.
She tried to throw a punch at me, but I blocked it.
The book which I bought yesterday was expensive.
Tom has a son who is a policeman.
About time too!
The driver who caused the accident saw the man.
The man saw the driver who caused the accident.
The man crossing the street saw the driver who caused the accident.
About whom was he commenting?
Anna got into a serious relationship with Paul after they graduated.
And what?
I am having a good time.
The day when I met you was rainy and cold.
April is the month when the flowers bloom.
Tom, with whom I often drive to work, is a salesman.
The Efes Hotel, at which I stayed last month, was comfortable.
Do you know the teacher who taught me French?
"Why must I always leave everything to the last minute?" Tom cursed as he was hastily finalising his essay, which was due in two hours.
The mosque, which was built in the fifteenth century, is the most beautiful building in the town.
Is he sure?
There are islands in the sea.
We are changing the future.
Three dogs are following four cats to the gate.
A girl drinks the fish's water.
Is that really science?
Vegetarians don't eat meat, but they eat red apples.
Who will believe this?
He's wearing a red shirt; it's a sign!
We have what we deserve.
Are you sure nothing is gonna happen?
We watch films on DVD every Saturday night.
I believe that people tend to focus on the wrong things.
More than 75% of them fear that technology impoverishes the traditional French language.
Households with three children are numerous in the region.
"Mercy, not to Siberia!" "No mercy, to Siberia!"
I wrote my songs myself.
I have never been to Florida.
The best is saved for last.
Unsatisfied libido is responsible for producing all art and literature.
I never go on vacation without my cellphone.
What can I do for my image?
We are just trying to help you.
He only works during the day.
There are islands in the ocean.
Practically 95% of Germans consider that information technology is useful in educating children and adolescents.
Let's note in passing that those figures were excluded from the investigation.
Are you going to eat here or do you want us to wrap it?
The city government promised us more low-income housing.
He always comes to show his appreciation during the New Year and holidays.
Tom was determined to not let anything like that happen again.
Tom was determined that his children receive a good education.
Tom said that no words could adequately describe his feelings of devastation and grief on losing his best friend.
Grief is not linear or predictable.
Tom won't back down from any fight, no matter who he's up against.
You'll be waiting till hell freezes over before Tom will admit that he's wrong.
Tom and his brother have very little in common.
Hailstones the size of golf balls wreaked havoc on the city overnight.
This company created fake grassroots organizations to make it look like ordinary citizens were supporting its project.
Tom was texting his boss to let him know that he'd be late for work when he ran into a woman on a bicycle, fatally injuring her.
This program is broadcast biweekly.
This program is broadcast every other week.
Earth has bad luck as not everyone eats sushi.
Don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about.
Don't act like you don't care.
Don't act like you don't know what's happening.
Don't act like you don't know what I mean.
Tell me what you're thinking about.
Turn right at the red light.
The meeting went ages longer than it should have, because the chairman allowed people to ramble on about things that weren't on the agenda.
Many heavy smokers live to a ripe old age, while some light smokers die early, as do some nonsmokers.
Tom put his ear to the door in an effort to overhear what Mary was saying on the phone.
Nietzsche shouts from beyond good and evil.
You should wait here.
You can't judge a person by appearance, just as you can't measure the sea with a pint pot.
Sometimes, having a third party present can smooth things over and give the illusion that everything is alright.
He's fading away.
He's dying.
He's on his last leg.
You have beautiful hands.
Isn't that what we were supposed to do?
I really like traveling by ship.
It wasn't until Tom was years old that he found out that he was adopted.
An honorable death is better than a shameful life.
I'm not tired of studying yet.
He took his sister to the airport.
Cold weather is really good.
From your lips to God's ears.
My sister usually goes to the park every weekend.
Nobody knows how the accident occurred.
You look like my sister.
Spiders aren't insects but arachnids.
Centipedes and millipedes aren't insects but myriapods.
I tried but didn't succeed.
I never leave on vacation without first cleaning my apartment.
At the present time, she is a yoga instructor.
How is she feeling today?
Yaguatí speaks Spanish and Guaraní.
Yaguatí speaks both Spanish and Guaraní.
It’s the early bird that makes the most noise.
This is our secret.
Business and friendship don't mix.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
How is she today?
Well, how about some fried nails? I asked, how about some fried nails, eh?
Intruder alert, red spy's in base!
He hasn't yet mastered the art of writing.
I've been waiting for this day forever.
You love him more than me.
You love her more than me.
You love him more than I do.
You love her more than I do.
Where did he hide them?
I'm about to eat.
You shouldn't have gone to all this trouble on my account.
You didn't need to go to all this trouble.
I want to eat something sweet.
Thanks for coming, guys! I'll see you next week!
Thanks for coming, guys! I'll see you tomorrow!
Thanks for coming, guys! See you around!
Thanks for coming, guys! I'll see you next class!
You're going to be late if you don't hurry up.
Do you take your tea with lemon or with milk?
My name and my birthplace are irrelevant, my friend.
Would you abandon me?
You wouldn't leave me here, would you?
The forest is said to be haunted.
Tom wasn't able to do it.
All wisdom comes from above.
It is best to value honor above wealth.
Jones kicked off his season with a catch
Danger doesn't come from what we don't know, but from what we believe to be true whereas it isn't.
I recommend learning about edible plants that are native to your area.
When does that start?
Are you leaving soon?
All your sentences sound clumsy even if rewritten into gramatically correct ones.
We need to hire new workers. The old ones have been fired.
This is apparently a good sentence.
I wouldn't like to be a sailor because I'm afraid of water.
It's too large a hazard to venture there.
Those are all false judgments, you take it all wrong.
Try forming sentences in your native language first, then translate them to English. That way, you'll avoid producing sentences that don't make too much sense and thus can't be fixed.
The point is that his sentences are totally fucked up and they're beyond correction.
So I'm proposing that guy to write some new sentences following my recommendations above (forming them in Russian first).
Oh kiddo, I'm sorry for overlooking your message. So what's wrong with that part?
By the way, you're not the first foreigner who finds fault with this phrase, but it sounds quite natural to me.
That's just my way of saying things, dude. It always puzzles me that non-native speakers think they can decide if shit sounds natural or weird unless, of course, it has evident grammatical errors or the wording is fucked up.
Google "a native English is" in order to leave out the matches for "a native English speaker".
You can clearly see what comes out when an English beginner tries to form a sentence in English. At that stage of learning the best thing for him to do is, I repeat, make sentences in Russian, translate them to English and get them fixed here if need be.
By the way, just cause there are no matches for a phrase in Google doesn't mean it's bad.
You Russians are really wonderful people. Instead of accepting help and advice you're blaming me for the alleged mistakes I've made.
That may be, but making a mistake is not equivalent to saying something unnatural. If someone confuses "your" and "you're", it doesn't call into question their being a native speaker.
I watch my feet for the cracks in the pavement.
He folded the papers and threw them onto the table.
On the bright side, your words themselves are more numerous than your errors.
No time to dwell on this, let's get to the next sentence.
He's a reliable man, you can reckon on him.
I couldn't fix the original sentences since they either don't make sense at all or would look clumsy even if corrected anyway.
What he writes apart from his sentences is understandable, though full of errors and stylistic flaws. But when he tackles writing his example sentences, it's just incomprehensible bullshit.
Cook the peeled and chopped potatoes for minutes in boiling water.
I can't tell her now. It's not that simple.
I can't tell him now. It's not that simple.
A sin confessed is half forgiven.
Don't make me say it twice.
It takes minutes to get to the station.
I made some good buys.
This is the book I was talking about.
Fun is everywhere.
We arrived at the museum after a ten-minute walk.
Everything's coming up roses.
She was the one I was thinking of.
I'm sorry. I got the wrong number.
Freedom is what we're fighting for.
Creativity is what we're looking for.
Always tend your fires.
Persuasion is often more effectual than force.
Even though Tom was brought up in the country, he loves the hustle and bustle of the city.
A few things didn't quite meet Tom's expectations.
I'm buying letter paper, some stamps, and some tissue paper.
He who does not work does not have the right to eat.
I saw him last weekend.
I saw her last weekend.
I can't answer all the questions.
I have no more than five dollars.
I just cleaned all the tables.
If something was compressed, then something else expanded.
I sat behind a very tall person at the theater.
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be content in another.
My oldest brother lives in a small village.
My feet are smaller than yours.
I hope you recover soon.
Aspire to be a person that everyone enjoys interacting with.
I lent Tom the car.
She was clothed in a black blouse and red skirt.
She was clothed in a red blouse and a black skirt.
She was clothed in a white blouse and red skirt.
She was clothed in a red blouse and white skirt.
It's like I was talking to a wall.
My older sister swims very fast.
Children grow up very quickly.
I don't have time to help you with your homework.
He's allergic to pollen.
There's something that I need to talk to you about.
I'd like to have more time to talk with you.
We see each other once a month.
I really appreciate your company.
All these movies are boring.
Tom has a four-liter box of cheap wine in his fridge.
This is an easy mistake to make.
How did Tom solve the problem?
Tom came over to my house last night.
I hope it'll be quiet.
Which would you prefer, coffee or tea?
What were you dreaming about when I woke you up?
Yaguatí likes swimming in the river.
Cuyuchi is standing near the lime tree.
Tunupa was born in Bolivia.
English is spoken all over the world.
Atl would like to have a kite.
Atl is ten.
Atl is ten years old.
Come what may.
Am I on the right track?
You were exaggerating, weren't you?
Lucía looked like a peanut in her first ultrasonography.
Tom is my stepbrother.
Mary is my stepsister.
I love studying kanjis.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.
Pekka Ervast, the author of "The Key to the Kalevala", says that the lord and the creator of the world was called Kaleva, and that, as a substantive noun, Kalevala means "the home of the Creator or the Lord", meaning the higher planes of life or the higher zones of unseen world.
You don't need to tell Tom what to do.
You don't need to tell Tom everything.
You don't need to tell Tom how to do it. He already knows.
How big is your garden?
Monkeys are intelligent.
There are many iguanas around the house.
Whenever I put my Wellington boots on, I like splashing into puddles.
Pick up the towel, a storm is coming.
You took the cellphone from the table.
You can bank on me.
You're going to fall in love with Brazil.
Great minds think alike, but fools seldom differ.
Slow and steady wins the race, but time and tide wait for no man.
Your criticism is just sour grapes.
Don't speak to me in Arabic. It doesn't make sense to me.
"She's been really selfish and self-centred", I thought, "whereas, for me, the word 'love' is sacred and deep."
I would like a glass of wine, please.
I'd like to live in Brazil.
I would like a cup of coffee, please.
I don't heat their house for them.
Why do you treat Tom like this?
I've had enough of your lectures.
I'm going to Tokyo tomorrow.
That politician comes from Arizona.
I asked him a difficult question.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
My brother-in-law is really egotistical.
I'm watching a movie.
He seemed to be getting thinner every day.
Ancient coins were found inside the mysterious tomb.
A buried treasure was found inside the ancient tomb.
We want to talk with Tom.
He claims that you stole them.
Mary claims that you stole the pearls from her.
I was invited to leave for abroad, but I didn't want to go.
I still don't have enough money for the trip.
Get out of here before I call the cops.
Don't forget to call your mom.
They are up to no good.
Tom and Mary are up to no good.
They're up to no good.
Don't forget to call your parents.
Don't forget your toothbrush.
The journey that brought me here is almost unbelievable.
Our trip to Africa has become a catastrophe.
Tom's door was partially open.
The door was partially open.
Is this man threatening you?
Was this man threatening you?
Out of all the movies you saw this year, which one was your favorite?
I could feel the sweat trickling down my back.
I don't know what Tom is plotting.
Tom is plotting something.
Her husband is an adulterer.
Let me help you with those groceries.
These rumors are probably true.
The first item that you mentioned came with my basic equipment.
I couldn't contain my anger.
Mary couldn't contain her anger.
Emily is a mother.
Read this book from cover to cover.
How many hours will the trip take?
I work at a language school.
I tried again at 2:p.m.
Now I'm a little scared.
How can I sell myself?
They need money.
Are Tom and Mary lovers?
She cleaned all of the house by herself.
Next week, my nephews and nieces will come to spend a few days at home.
Next week, my nephews will come to spend a few days at home.
I'm not a member of the club.
I have an important meeting.
A human being in perfection should emulate the virtue of the tree. The more the tree grows, the more beautiful and softer it turns, but internally tougher and stronger.
Do you play squash?
Tom found living with the guilt for what he had done, almost unbearable.
Don't forget to take out the garbage.
Portuguese is a romance language.
Every day, meteorites fall to the Earth.
Tom has a meteorite collection.
Tom collects meteorites.
Tom collects sentences.
I think I've found a meteorite.
My work is worth many times more.
Tom travels the world looking for meteorites.
Tom travels the world looking for adventure.
The Earth is smoother than a billiard ball.
If you saw me the way that I look right now, I'm sure you wouldn't even recognize me.
After years of living on his own, Tom found it hard to adjust to living with Mary.
She was sleepy.
What Tom was saying made no sense to Mary.
What Tom was trying to tell Mary made no sense to her.
The whole world understands my language.
You can't take the medicine on an empty stomach.
They used to extract teeth.
Your religion is ugly.
You have been enslaved by those sons of bitches.
She's not human.
I've visited the Louvre a hundred times now!
My towel is covered in red ants!
I don't like these cups; I prefer those on the table.
The cackles of hens always make me laugh.
I know where you slept last night and with whom.
The manager came up with a fully satisfying proposal.
The solution which was suggested was acceptable to all parties.
Tom often reads in bed.
Our trip to Africa is turning into a catastrophe.
Portuguese is a Romance language.
I will not forget you.
It makes me really happy that you're here.
I would like to live in Brazil.
Here is some money for continuing your trip.
Shall I drive on the way back?
I don't want to talk to anyone today.
Greece is one of the countries I would most like to visit.
I think we can help one another.
Please call after pm.
I never go on holiday without cleaning my apartment.
The universe is neither friend nor foe. It is simply indifferent.
Idaho is famous for potatoes.
No young person thinks that one day they will die.
It's cold in Idaho in the winter.
Watch out for police on the Indiana highways.
The Applachian Trail ends in Maine.
Maine is a remote place.
My father was born in Michigan.
I think that Zac ate an apple.
Missouri has both mountains and plains.
Montana borders Canada.
Eastern Montana is especially windy and cold in the winter.
Gambling is legal in Nevada.
Nebraska is on the plains.
There is little tourism in North Dakota.
Large oil deposits were found in North Dakota.
New Hampshire is next to Vermont.
New Hampshire has some beautiful hiking.
Happy Birthday, Romania!
Tobacco is an important part of North Carolina's economy.
A lot of tobacco is grown in North Carolina.
Oklahoma has some nasty dust storms.
Oregon is just south of Washington.
Pennsylvania used to have a big steel industry.
Rhode Island is the smallest state in the U.S.
I didn't know that you used to work here.
Occasionally there are earthquakes in South Carolina.
Ranching is common in the western half of South Dakota.
Many people go to South Dakota to see Mount Rushmore.
Utah has some beautiful national parks.
Vermont is located on the border with Canada.
I went hiking in West Virginia five years ago.
Many children in Wisconsin play hockey in the winter.
There's not much to be found in northern Wisconsin.
Yellowstone National Park is located in Wyoming.
Wyoming is famous for its great skiing.
I am going to free the prisoners.
We meet once a month.
"There's cake. Would you like some?" "Yeah!"
Remain calm during the meal.
Have you sat the maths exam?
Do you think the track is wide enough for cars?
Do you happen to know him?
I've tried, but without success.
What was Maryse like before the age of 20?
I haven't learnt a lot.
Such gods have never existed.
Love is like measles - everyone should experience it.
Do you want to ask me a question?
This sign says: "Don't feed the animals!"
It takes courage to do such a thing.
It's carbon or soot.
If it was mine to say, I wouldn't speak.
English is studied in most countries.
I am boring.
I agree with you, so there's no need to be so argumentative.
Your eyelids are closed, but I know you're awake.
She crossed my name off the list but not yours.
I know Tom but not Mary.
He can understand but can't talk.
My father and I were worried about her.
He had both money and fame.
Will you or won't you come with me?
My problem isn't drinking, but smoking.
I was walking, not driving.
His life seems hexed.
He needs not only money but also advice.
I prefer green rather than blue.
I decided to buy a new car rather than an old one.
He is handsome as well as rich.
This car is very expensive; in fact, it is the most expensive car I have ever seen.
His family was very poor; consequently, they couldn't afford to spend money carelessly.
He unknowingly slept with his sister.
My typwriter got broken; as a consequence, I borrowed my friend's.
We are starving.
The driver violated the traffic rules; as a result, he was fined.
He finally committed suicide by falling on his own sword.
The conference called for the major powers to cut their armed forces by a third.
They were arguing about who should sit in front.
There are those who argue that the existence of nuclear weapons has helped to maintain peace.
This will give you an approximate idea of the situation.
Do the results have any practical application?
She had had her appendix removed.
She is congenitally disabled.
The brain damage was congenital.
There is danger of confusion between them.
In order to avoid confusion, the bottom is labelled too.
To confuse matters further, her sister is married to her husband's uncle.
You're trying to confuse me.
Europa is a moon of Jupiter.
He is a liar.
Italians do not drink coffee.
Mary suffers from a herniated cervical disc.
Oh, no! My passport has disappeared.
Do it this way!
Children's laughter could be heard in the distance.
Only about per cent of people with autism are in the workforce, mainly because people are so judgemental about them.
Visible from space, the Great Barrier Reef is the largest structure on Earth made by living organisms.
Everyone was shocked by the news.
O brave new world that has such people in't!
Why do you treat me like this?
This TV doesn't come with an HDMI cable.
Tom started as a janitor, but he's now the president of the company.
This TV is made in Korea.
Although I can't speak the Shanghaiese dialect, I can speak Chinese.
Tom walks with a cane.
Tom was attacked by a wild turkey.
The people who are not in a hurry stand on the right side of the escalator.
He was thrown from the car.
Mary bought a present for her daughter's friend.
Mary bought a present for her friend's daughter.
Tom bought a present for his son.
Tom bought a present for his daughter.
My back is crooked.
Julia is a good girl.
The hair dresser is cutting the hair with scissors.
Use scissors to cut out the pictures.
Your hands are so cold.
It's very cold here in January.
While I was swimming, I got a cramp in my leg.
I'm afraid my child might be prone to take drugs.
I want to go to town.
What are you going to do for summer vacation?
I won't be wearing a tie.
Everything I’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Boats must be caulked.
He can understand but he can't speak.
Do you want to live in Madrid?
I wouldn't drive, I'd walk.
Where did you see these women?
What are you going to do during your Summer holidays?
Are you good at remembering faces?
More than a billion people live in China.
Are you happy with your new sports car?
I called you last night to give you the good news.
He doesn't have enough money to go travelling.
The sun is setting soon.
There's a mathematical concept that I don't understand. Could you explain it to me?
A crazy thing just happened to me.
In some countries, being a woman is not a good thing.
Isn't that what needs to be done?
Make sure you don't get lost.
Tom wouldn't leave without your permission.
Please pass me the salt and pepper.
I heard that Tom asked you to help him wash his car.
Let me do that for you.
Tom is in the back of the auditorium.
I went to the same high school as Tom did.
Would you like for me to make you something to eat?
I took a picture of her. I am so glad I did.
Animals are not toys!
They'll buy something.
How much do you like Tom?
Do you have time to drink something?
I do not know if we need this.
I feel bored.
Tom is a nice man.
Tom is a kind man.
I am not shy.
A good teacher must be patient with his students.
They fought for their homeland.
She likes to humiliate people.
That was a vile thing to do.
The odor in that room was vile.
After her death, he sunk into depression.
The funeral of the popular young sports star cut down in his prime was heart wrenching.
Tom is very tech-savvy and often helps members of his family with their computing problems.
The auditor picked up some anomalies in the company's accounts.
I'm delighted that it's all over.
I am delighted that it's all come to an end.
I had to rent a car.
I had to hire a car.
I really like that.
That pleases me very much.
I am very happy with it.
I will have good memories of my time in Boston for many years.
My father always reads the newspaper before breakfast.
Which search engine do you use?
Don't be pigs.
When does No.bus arrive?
Tom is not as good as he thinks.
He's not as good as he thinks.
Mary is not as good as she thinks.
She's not as good as she thinks.
I'm not drinking tonight.
They forgot their umbrellas.
What do you think I'm thinking right now?
My gums won't stop bleeding.
I love teaching kids Spanish!
I've learned many recipes from today's TV program.
Tom is not as good a chess player as he thinks he is.
Markku wanted to comfort Liisa.
Who will console me?
Who will console him?
Who will console her?
Fear left him speechless.
I was snacking.
What are you snacking on?
Tom sometimes reads on his bed.
The population was crushed by the taxes.
How about you shut your big mouth?
We went on safari with a hire car.
Renting a car was the best option.
Do you have to rent a car?
Is it obligatory to rent a car?
There was no cat.
There weren't any cats.
My father has been living in Nagoya for years.
On a hot summer day, the air conditioner works all day to keep us cool.
Tom wanted to comfort Mary.
Tom and Mary are both only children.
Some people clung to tree branches for several hours to avoid being washed away by the floodwaters.
Tom decided to buy a used car instead of a new one.
Are you intentionally trying to confuse me?
You can change them if you like.
Are you trying to buy my silence?
You're making me feel tired.
If you see this message, write to me.
I'll read this book.
I revere this book.
I haven't had anything to eat for three days other than a stale sandwich, a rotten apple, and some spoiled yogurt.
The policeman put him in a chokehold.
I only want to be a good neighbor.
Does Germany export grain?
I was in Paris with my wife.
I was in Paris with my husband.
She tattled on me to her teacher.
No creature can live without air.
The police arrested all those who had participated in the illegal street race.
Tom was arrested on drug-trafficking charges.
Some members were not present.
Tom is probably America's most talented artist.
Maria is probably Germany's most talented artist.
This company has a female CEO.
This company's CEO is a woman.
One of the best ways to help us is to translate from a foreign language you know into your own native language or strongest language.
Complex numbers have many beautiful properties.
The Communist Renaissance began in the latter half of the 21st century.
He wrote me love letters.
Tom wrote a love letter to Mary.
Mary leaned over and pressed her head against Tom's shoulder.
Tom saved every letter that Mary sent him.
Tom has a drawer full of letters from Mary.
Tom wrote love letters to Mary.
He was a bit jealous.
Tom was a bit jealous.
She was a bit jealous.
Mary was a bit jealous.
Mary was a quiet and unassuming young lady.
Tom is taller and stronger than John.
Tom was well liked by his classmates, teachers and friends.
Mary was well liked by her classmates, teachers and friends.
Mary was a very intelligent, but very quiet girl.
Mary and her mom live in a very old apartment.
Tom is taller and stronger than Mary.
Did I say something stupid?
Did I do something stupid?
I need to write a book report.
I think I hurt her feelings.
I think I've hurt Tom's feelings.
Tom was afraid he had hurt Mary's feelings.
I don't even know how to dance.
Tom was afraid he would hurt Mary's feelings.
He seems like a nice guy.
Tom wasn't there yesterday.
Mary thought he was cute, but she was too shy to say anything.
Your homework is one important part of the learning experience.
The girl is doing homework.
External air conditioners are quite cheap.
A lot of my classmates think that I'm dumb.
We should get along just fine.
They'll get along just fine.
Mary confessed that she had given Tom her phone number.
Mary ran away from home.
Is this your room?
Do you believe in aliens?
I wonder if she still likes Tom.
I wonder if he still likes Mary.
I wonder if Mary still likes Tom.
I wonder if Tom still likes Mary.
We danced the whole night.
They danced the whole night.
I will begin to work when it stops raining.
He doesn't know what the difference is between lions and leopards.
"Do you understand?" "No, I don't."
I fully agree with your point of view.
How many apples did you buy?
How many apples were in the box?
How many apples does it take to make three apple pies?
How many apples did you eat last week?
How many apples do you want me to buy?
We are forever in your debt for helping us through this tough time.
It's a big responsibility.
Tom fell asleep with the window open.
Tom fell asleep with the light on.
What's Boston really like?
I'll try to say it in French.
I speak French very poorly.
I know that you aren't stupid.
We don't get along very well with each other.
We don't get along very well.
I don't speak any French at all.
Tom used to get up before 6:30.
I would like to know more about science.
Tom left three hours ago so he should've arrived by now.
He drove to work despite the storm.
The city of Recife is known as the "Brazilian Venice".
Helios is the Greek god of the sun.
Artemis is Apollo's sister.
Who abducted Persephone?
I saw Tom talking on the phone.
I saw him do it.
He made me eat it.
I heard my mother singing in the shower.
We could hear the children laughing.
I felt the wind blowing on my face.
The fans watched him kick the ball into the goal.
Scientists disappointed Jurassic World dinosaurs don't look like dinosaurs.
I'm dyeing my hair black.
Tom was the one who made me eat it.
Tom made me eat it.
My parents made me apologize to Tom.
Moderation is a virtue.
Patience is a virtue... Just another thing that you apparently lack.
You can take or leave my suggestions, as you wish. It's no skin off my nose.
Incidents of sexual assault in the military are heavily under-reported.
Less than five percent of perpetrators of child sexual abuse are female.
Tom was very chuffed with himself after his boss gave him a glowing report.
Tom registered for gender reassignment surgery.
Tom was active in student politics in his university days.
Tom told the police that Mary's sudden disappearance was out of character for her.
This is a populated area.
The hospital has been sued as a result of a glaring oversight when doctors failed to notice a large tumour in a woman's X-ray.
I wonder if she'll be there.
We have mutual friends.
I want you to remember, my brothers, what happened to our ancestors.
Did you speak to anybody?
I wonder if Tom will be there.
I wonder if Tom will be at Mary's party.
I hate ironing.
Some things are impossible.
The world isn't perfect.
He kept secret that he had bought his son a bicycle.
Tom didn't tell anyone that he'd bought a diamond ring for Mary.
You have seven children.
Have you ever eaten this kind of cake before?
Tom is a bit stingy.
Tom is a bit crazy.
This really ticks me off!
You were wrongly accused.
Basketball is very entertaining.
Pull your head out of your ass!
Tom is a deep-sea diver.
You may be shocked when you find out who came by today.
Tom was sad when he heard his and Mary's favourite song after they'd broken up.
Tom sat in his flat in the dark, listening to sad songs and crying after he and Mary broke up.
The weather will definitely be good tomorrow.
"How many beers did you have before I came over?" "I only had five or six."
The shoemaker's son always goes barefoot.
We're going to have to take a look at that leg of yours. From what you're telling me, it sounds like it might be gangrenous.
I'm not begging you.
I won't beg you.
Poverty is not a vice, that's a true saying. Yet I know too that drunkenness is not a virtue, and that that's even truer. But beggary, honoured sir, beggary is a vice.
I'll be happy to go.
You need to write more neatly.
I would've said the same thing.
You salted the meat.
I was put off by the chilled wine that tasted of vinegar.
Pardon, I am late to the meeting.
My brother is small but he has grown a lot recently.
She is too independent to work under somebody's control.
He checked his mailbox.
I think you should tell Tom.
I think you should tell Tom why you're here.
I think you should tell Tom that you won't be here tomorrow.
I think you should tell Tom why you don't like him.
I think you should tell Tom what he wants to know.
I think you shouldn't invite Tom to your party.
It's very unlikely.
Have you heard this song before?
When did Tom start studying French?
You aren't very smart, are you?
I'm convinced Tom is innocent.
I'm convinced Tom is guilty.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is guilty.
I'm fairly certain that Tom is innocent.
We all looked out the window to see what was happening.
"They say so" is half a lie.
It looks like I messed up.
I need to practice speaking French more often.
It looks like I made a lot of mistakes.
It looks like Tom got sick from eating the spoiled food.
Hopefully, everything will turn out all right.
Hopefully, everything will be OK.
I think it's not going to be that hard.
May I sleep on your couch tonight?
It's hard to relax when you have a headache.
I like playing chess.
I'm a bit shy.
Can I have one, too?
My family isn't rich.
My family's not rich.
Just because something is new, doesn't necessarily mean that it's better than the old one.
There's a theory that dog owners often resemble their dogs.
The issue turned out to be very contentious.
He can sing.
I shouldn't have trusted you.
You should go home. It's getting late.
She can sing.
He is trying to sing.
I'm pretty sure that I've left the keys to my office in my raincoat pocket.
Digits are to numbers what letters are to words.
That's exactly the question I'm asking myself.
You can believe it.
He fell from the horse.
I will try to say it in French.
I never speak French.
There's a full moon tonight.
The moon is full tonight.
There's no air on the moon.
To get his own business off the ground, he linked up with a few more solid companies.
He has a lot of tattoos on his body.
She has a lot of tattoos on her body.
There are a lot of tattoos on his body.
There are a lot of tattoos on her body.
The boy went to school.
What's Tom doing in his room?
Tom is going to pick me up at 2:30.
Tom is going to pick me up after school.
Tom is going to pick me up at the station.
The coach watched the team practice harder.
I think Tom looks better with a beard.
I think Tom looked better before he shaved his beard off.
I think Tom looked better before he shaved off his beard.
Do you know what an e-book is?
Mt. Fuji is Japan's most famous mountain.
Tom must've been very disappointed.
Can't you see that Tom doesn't want to talk to you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't want to talk to you.
Tom and I have been friends since high school.
Tom, Mary and John sat around the kitchen table.
The doctor told Tom to stay in bed and get as much rest as he could.
Tom wasn't the most popular kid in school, but he had a lot of friends.
I will live in prosperity.
We like it very much!
What is your store like?
Our store is large.
What sort of house do you have?
What are the rooms like?
We cook with a stick.
We cut trees with an axe.
We sweep with a broom.
We sew with a needle.
We wash with soap.
I want to buy a black one.
How come you're not going to buy a blue one?
Why doesn't your dog wear a muzzle?
What do I need to know?
I have to close this deal within a week.
I have to close this transaction within a week.
I must close this transaction within a week.
I must close this deal within a week.
I have to conclude this deal within a week.
I have to conclude this transaction within a week.
Orion is safely back to Earth.
Tom wants to thank you.
Tom wants to say 'thank you' to you.
Tom's had numerous opportunities to set the record straight.
And what happened after that?
"And what happened after that?" "I can't tell you. It's a secret."
Put it on my bill.
The old lady had a cane.
Don't you think that's a bit odd?
Don't you think that's a bit strange?
Don't you think that's a bit weird?
They waved at us and then we waved back.
The suspect remains at large.
Mary flicked her long ponytail over her shoulder.
The Orion capsule may one day carry human beings to Mars.
This is the last place I want to be right now.
Tom said he wouldn't do it.
Don't worry. I won't tell Tom.
Don't worry. I won't tell Mary.
Let's find out what else Tom wants.
I wonder what else Tom wants.
I found it first. It's mine!
Doesn't he know I'm going out with Tom?
Don't you know I'm going out with Tom?
"Don't you know I'm going out with Tom?" "I don't care."
My friends and I went to a party yesterday.
The deal fell apart at the last minute.
Tom, give me a minute. I need to think.
I need a drink first.
Tom doesn't need to know that.
Yes, it's true, but he doesn't need to know that.
This valley is very fertile.
I've lost my briefcase.
I don't have time to help.
I don't have time to help Tom.
I don't have time to help you right now.
I'll come tomorrow.
The grand jury decided not to indict the police officer.
There's a spring in the center of the village.
Everyone started to laugh.
Tom wants to know the truth.
Tom is planning to stay home tonight.
Tom said that he likes to swim.
Tom said that he thought that it might rain.
Do you remember when Tom's birthday is?
What part of Australia do you come from?
I did a lot today.
I was able to accomplish a lot today.
I have an appointment at 2:30.
Tom is a winemaker.
My brother checked his email on my computer.
Tom has found a solution.
All I wanted was a little more attention.
Guess what I ate for dinner last night.
What's making this sound?
What's this sound?
The students entered the classroom two by two.
You should've told Tom the truth.
Tom's in the doghouse at work, following several unapproved days off.
Tom sought relief in the bottle, after losing both his job and Mary in the same week.
I did everything I could to win this prize.
Are you ready to start working?
Give me a receipt, please.
Please give me a receipt.
I give up!
Aren't you pregnant? Well, stop drinking then!
She found the missing money.
The Latin language has always been held in very high esteem by the Catholic Church and by the Roman Pontiffs. They have assiduously encouraged the knowledge and dissemination of Latin, adopting it as the Church’s language, capable of passing on the Gospel message throughout the world. This is authoritatively stated by the Apostolic Constitution Veterum Sapientia of my Predecessor, Blessed John XXIII.
This doesn't affect him at all.
Fewer and fewer people are working to support more and more people living on government benefits.
Ahmed is a student.
I'm trying to learn English.
She is like my own child.
Prunes are dehydrated plums, and are very good for your health.
Tom and Mary had to prune their household budget when Tom was retrenched from work.
It's important to prune roses at least twice a year, to maintain healthy plants and maximise the number and quality of flowers.
I actually think it's a very good idea.
Tom may have done that already.
Maybe Tom has other plans.
I'm thinking of changing jobs.
I'm looking for another job.
Tom is always grumbling about something.
The women can't stand each other because of their men.
I like Boston a lot.
Mary asked me if I loved her.
You're a terrible person.
Do you happen to know where Tom lives?
Ask Tom to call me.
That guy looks exactly like Tom.
Ask him to call me.
He wants to know the truth.
That isn't exactly what I said.
Is it true that Tom can't read or write?
I spent my vacation in Australia.
Does Tom know how to play the piano?
Does Tom like his job?
I've only heard Tom play the piano once.
Tom couldn't remember what Mary had told him.
Tom couldn't remember what Mary had told him to do.
Tom wants Mary to be happy.
Are you Tom's mother?
Tom swims better than Mary.
Tom swims better than Mary does.
How many hamburgers did you eat?
Don't forget to go see Tom tomorrow.
Don't forget to go talk to Tom this afternoon.
Stop correcting me.
Tom says he doesn't want to go to school today.
I still don't know what I'm going to say.
I still have no idea what I'm going to say to Tom.
Is it really necessary to buy all this stuff?
The book I bought last week was really interesting.
Indeed the Church has spoken and prayed in the languages of all peoples since Pentecost. Nevertheless, the Christian communities of the early centuries made frequent use of Greek and Latin, languages of universal communication in the world in which they lived and through which the newness of Christ’s word encountered the heritage of the Roman-Hellenistic culture.
After the fall of the Roman Empire of the West, the Church of Rome not only continued to use Latin but, in a certain way, made herself its custodian and champion in both the theological and liturgical sectors as well as in formation and in the transmission of knowledge.
I knew they were lying!
I thought that I understood you.
The usual excuse consists of saying that there isn't money, when actually there is plenty.
I don't understand what all of the fuss is about.
Don't talk to him that way.
Don't talk to her that way.
Don't talk to him that way. He's my friend.
Don't talk to her that way. She's my friend.
Do you think he's in trouble?
Warm sunlight lay upon the hacienda called Casa Grande.
Click on the word to look for example sentences in the corpus of the Amazigh language.
Do you think she's in trouble?
Do not spit on the walls.
Don't spit on the walls.
We must do it quickly.
You must do it quickly.
It's the way it must be.
This is the way it must be.
I've heard that they've found an extraterrestrial object on the moon.
Carl Benz obtained in the patent for the first car.
Does anyone know how to make money in a time of crisis?
At what time do you finish?
Stop poking me.
I saw her do it.
I saw her doing it.
I saw him doing it.
Mary was taken aback when she noticed that the photofit of the suspected burglar looked like Tom.
I'm clumsy.
If I won that amount of money, I would just spend it all.
Turn down the radio. I can't hear a word you're saying.
I will not help you.
Figures increasingly show that the more we crack down on drug use, the more drug addicts there are.
In the USA, there have never been as many drug addicts as there are today.
It's still too cold to go down to the shore.
It's still too cold to go down to the water.
It's still too cold to go to the beach.
The earthquake destroyed everything.
In the USA, opioids claim more victims than traffic accidents.
The proof of the futility of harsh drug laws is this: in the country that has come down the hardest on drugs and drug users, spending billions of dollars in a decades-long war on drugs, there have never been so many drug addicts.
In the USA, opioids cause more deaths than traffic accidents.
Donetsk is the last place I'd want to be right now.
Tom said that he likes swimming.
Tom didn't wake up early this morning.
How much do you love Tom?
I need to complete this transaction within one week.
Sometimes I wonder if they really change the way people think.
I will come in about two weeks.
She complained of an obtuse pain in her back.
He tried to trick me.
We are sweating in the heat.
She said she would be sixteen next month.
Your explanation is too abstract for me.
Divide this into halves!
Halve that!
With whom do I have the honor of speaking?
Her house is at the foot of the mountain.
Does he like his job ?
Is it possible to succeed without any act of betrayal?
My name is Juba.
A slightly lower interest rate could save thousands of dollars over the life of a home loan.
Tom always tries to set a good example for his children.
The poor acoustics in the hall severely affected the audience's enjoyment of the concert.
Does he like his job?
What's Tom looking for?
I think Tom is looking for his keys.
Tom looked under the bed to see what was there.
Tom wondered what Mary was looking for.
Maybe we can sit together.
I'm impressed with your French.
Stop poking me on Facebook.
Off with the dots !
You forgot to wake Tom up, didn't you?
Please don't ever do that again.
Naugthy dots will be chopped off sentences.
The boss is never late, he is delayed elsewhere.
Where will you go next?
"How are we gonna find the princess with the power going out?" "Maybe there's a switch in one of the rooms. Remind me to check!"
I wonder where Tom could be.
We'll never find Tom in this blizzard.
I'd never do such a thing.
People believe that the whale possesses an intelligence comparable to man's.
He showed up right at five.
He appeared at exactly five o'clock.
Which fly bit you?
He's not a religious man.
He's not a religious person.
He's not religious.
It's so beautiful. Where did you get it?
It's so beautiful! Where did you get it?
In his will, he left a fortune to his wife.
They put on a show to entertain their teachers.
After the storm, the ocean was calm.
He never participates in any get-togethers.
He never participates in any reunions.
He never goes to a gathering.
He never goes to a meeting.
He never goes to an assembly.
We need to teach children how to defend themselves.
Stop playing games, Tom.
Stop playing games, Tom. I want my money!
She practices the violin every day.
The cat is eating the small mouse.
They paid no attention to his warnings.
They dyed the fabric light red.
He was arrested because he stole money.
As he left the room, he turned off the light.
Why is she being so quiet?
Why is she so quiet?
He was too tired to keep walking.
Maybe he was in an accident?
His driving was pathetic.
That's a pathetic excuse.
He pulled out a notebook.
He took out a notebook.
They started a vigorous discussion.
He called to say he'd be late.
He got upset and left.
He used the book as a shield.
He bought a shield and a sword.
What's his professor's name?
"Everybody dies", said the usually witty doctor as he pulled the plug on his old friend.
We are considering all the pros and cons before deciding what we will do.
The wise learn a lot from their enemies.
Please take your rubbish with you and dispose of it thoughtfully.
The new concert hall has state-of-the-art acoustics.
Tom has lots of acquaintances but very few friends.
Tom acquired a reputation for honesty.
Tom and Mary had an acrimonious divorce and custody battle for their children.
A strong army protected the city.
We need a carrot, a beet, and broccoli. They need to be raw, not cooked.
"The sun is yellow." "That depends on your perspective. I am of the opinion that yellowness is sunny."
His hair has turned grey.
His hair has turned silver.
He's on the phone right now.
The boy seems to be an expert on plants.
They feel nauseous.
This place was sanctified.
It looks like it is going to rain.
The lady's behaviour was always dignified.
We have planned our attacks well.
Should I pay for you?
The human femur is tougher than concrete.
You already know too much.
Laws may not contradict the constitution.
I've sold the picture for 20,yen.
Japan is located in Asia.
Tunisia is located in Africa.
The satellite launch was broadcast live.
When I was a kid, I was told that butter is bad for one's health.
You'll need their help.
That is highly unlikely.
She's in Mallorca, sunbathing on the beach.
He's interested in math.
He's interested in mathematics.
Not bad at all!
Which weighs less, a kilogram of gold or a kilogram of silver?
One plus two makes three.
Asia is four times larger than Europe.
You need to take care of the dog.
Come by and see me sometimes.
People who are not careful make many mistakes.
Have you already had breakfast?
It will be interesting to see whether this weather continues.
I answered her questions, but I did not volunteer any information.
You can choose any color.
The boy told a lie, probably to cheer up his parents.
She washed the dishes herself.
We must obey the law.
May I suggest another hotel?
I don't want to pressure you.
Don't use the table next to the window.
Tom is on the phone right now.
May I suggest another strategy?
May I suggest another possibility?
May I suggest another approach?
May I suggest another idea?
May I suggest another option?
May I suggest another solution?
May I make another suggestion?
How do I turn this off?
That's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me.
Tom goes to school with my son.
Mary goes to school with my son.
Mary goes to school with my daughter.
I look forward to reading your report.
Oh friends, not these tones!
Tom's mother was heartbroken.
This is just as hard for me as it is for you.
These standing orders shall regulate the service conditions and shall be applicable to the workmen of the company
I wish we were going together.
The barking dog kept Tom awake most of the night.
I can't believe that someone who's supposed to be my friend would say things like that about me.
I don't want you to quit your job.
I don't want you to quit the team.
I don't want you to quit baseball.
I don't want you to quit what you're doing.
I don't want you to quit playing the piano.
I don't want you to quit working here.
Tom's uncomfortable with close personal relationships.
I don't want you to quit correcting my mistakes.
I don't want you to quit because of me.
Tom's Bible reading group petered out after a few months through lack of interest.
Tom was heartbroken when Mary passed away.
Tom was heartbroken when Mary told him she was leaving him.
Tom was heartbroken when his dog died.
Tom wasn't badly injured.
What's changed since then?
We probably won't be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
I don't think we'll be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
I don't think we'll be able to solve this problem without a little help.
Let's not deceive ourselves.
Just leave everything to me.
Tom sometimes helps his mother in the kitchen.
I put your suitcases in your room.
What was it that Tom put into the bag?
What did Tom put into the bag?
Tom doesn't drive as carefully as I do.
Tom has a son who's a policeman.
Would you tell Tom that Mary called?
Tom is still in the classroom studying.
Tom asked Mary where she had parked the car.
You've lost weight, haven't you?
You've lost a little weight, haven't you?
It looks like you've put on a little weight.
Tom said that he doesn't like this color.
Success is punished in this country.
I was in Boston last week with my wife.
You shouldn't take this medicine on an empty stomach.
Rather, let us raise our voices in more pleasing and joyful sounds.
I hear the buzz of a fan, the drip of the faucet, the hum of the fridge, the tick of the clock, the whoosh of cars passing by the house.
He writes very quickly.
Do you know when Tom will get back?
They aren't telling us the truth.
They're not telling us the truth.
You promised me you'd take care of Tom.
What's her professor's name?
Tom hopes to inherit a lot of money when his mother passes away.
It happens to me as well.
This happens to me as well.
All scornfully laughed at him.
Never mind. It happens to everyone.
It would be better if you stayed with Tom.
The conflict escalates.
Tom is very interested in sports.
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
When I mock poorness, then Heaven make me poor.
My daughter has been suffering from anorexia for four years already.
The government is on the nose after making a series of unpopular decisions.
Tom's prone to exaggeration.
Tom hummed a tune to himself as he did the washing up.
I wouldn't bet on that if I were you.
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives. The act of dying is not of importance, it lasts so short a time
Spring returned.
Spring has returned.
I am a banana.
I'm not surprised by this.
This doesn't surprise me.
I've had my eye on you for a while.
Tom left this for you.
Someone left this for you.
How are we going to pay the rent?
Don't worry, it happens to everyone.
Tom hugs Mary.
What's her teacher's name?
Don't talk to me about him.
Don't talk to me about her.
I saw a light at the end of the tunnel.
I saw the light at the end of the tunnel.
He solved the problem effortlessly.
Green water is not good to drink.
What if someone catches us?
There's someone waiting for me.
I have to go. There's someone waiting for me.
You'd best be home before midnight.
He is a relative of Adam.
Let me pass by!
I enjoy visiting exciting cities like New York, Chicago, and Boston.
They are so tired that they can't study.
They are so tired that they cannot study.
Tom says that he's too tired to study.
You're being missed so much.
I've never felt so good in my life.
I've forgotten her name.
People don't tend to like Sundays, but I do.
That's nothing. It happens to everyone.
People don't want to die.
The surgeon who did Tom's operation is very experienced and highly regarded.
The surgeon who operated on Tom is very experienced and highly regarded.
We left Africa forever.
What did he tell you about me?
She's eating something.
Russia guaranteed the sovereignty of Ukraine, and her borders, following the treaty of nineteen ninety-four, whereby Ukraine, in exchange, renounced her nuclear arsenal.
It is the calm before the storm.
What maggot bites you?
They have eaten.
It was a problem that was difficult to solve.
It was a difficult problem to solve.
A lot of people do that.
I wipe the dining table.
I am wiping the dining table.
Could you tell Tom that Marie called him?
Today, I'm not going to school.
I don't really feel myself today.
My great-great-great-great-great-grandfather was a bricklayer and died in seventeen seventy-four, at the age of forty.
He is a small man.
The sun shines for everyone.
Draw me a sheep...
I do not have money with me at the moment.
My friend goes to the library to study.
She's like my own daughter.
I will, but on one condition.
I didn't have any great expectations, so there are no big disappointments.
Today is Wednesday, yes?
Women are sincere.
It doesn't need to be done right away.
You can't make good soup with cheap meat.
It takes a lot of money to start a business.
Take my advice and talk to her.
He eventually took the blame.
Naturally, the wife is always right.
We got married because we love each other.
I know the perfect person for you.
My name isn't on the list.
We shall not forget.
I have high hopes for you.
I have high hopes for him.
I have high hopes for her.
I have high hopes for Tom.
It's starting to snow.
Mary accepted everything without complaining.
He took care of the baby.
Today is the international anti-corruption day.
Everybody was really happy.
We didn't know each other at the time.
Tom worked his way up through the ranks.
The rock band damaged the hotel room.
Esperanto belongs to everyone. Unfortunately, not everybody knows that.
I sing well.
I think I'm a pretty good singer.
I think I can sing fairly well.
You are a prisoner.
Don't buy me any more presents.
I'll tell you when I'll get back.
Our teacher used to say "This is going to hurt me more than it hurts you" before laying into us with a cane.
The teacher caned the children if they misbehaved or were unable to recite their times tables.
When I was at school, we were caned regularly. Nowadays, it's illegal in many schools for a teacher to hit a student.
That elder brother is taller than that elder brother.
I have a notebook.
I don't have a book.
I study German.
Who helped Tom?
A lot of people do this.
He was watching him.
Have you seen any interesting films recently?
Does she sing?
I'm not Brazilian.
He has to oil and wind the clock.
Those oilfields are still out of production.
Also, I can fly.
We often get very cold winters here.
I must have made a slip somewhere.
His fear of being slighted made him avoid people.
He's a translator of Turkish literature.
They came to redeem their jewellery.
Tom has joined the army.
Be careful not to bump the table.
The resemblance was noted by a jocular English visitor.
He repeated the haunting melody.
Mary dressed herself hastily.
They were drinking dry white wine.
An old woman was found choked to death.
There must be a bug going around.
Dissolve the powder in a bucket of warm water.
She's such a bubbly little girl.
Crowds filled the streets carrying banners.
Tom promised to be here before 2:a.m.
Ben loves his sister.
Ben loves your sister.
As Tom sat down, he bumped the table and his coffee spilled onto the tablecloth.
Tom used a page of dot points to jog his memory when he made his speech.
Does this come in any other colour?
Does this come in any other color?
Who was the woman you were talking to?
Who was the girl you were talking to?
The roof was leaking.
Impatience is a definite impediment to success.
I see him from time to time.
I see him on occasion.
This titanium bicycle made in Italy is incredibly lightweight.
Speak louder. Your grandfather's hearing is not what it used to be.
You are dressed very nicely.
I miss high school.
Does she have an opinion about this?
I turned the page.
Yes, I'll call you at nine. Will you be there?
I'm a changed man.
I can't talk to you here.
She's a remarkable young lady.
Mary is quite a remarkable young lady.
I'm a different man.
Can we forget that that just happened?
Can we forget that this just happened?
I think we can trust him.
I think we can trust her.
I'd do anything for you, Mary.
I think you've had enough, Tom.
What's the difference between asteroids and comets?
It was a bitter pill to swallow.
Tom won the karaoke contest.
Some dogs are very smart.
Some squirrels are very smart.
Tom gave me a tour of his house.
She is stunningly good-looking.
Tom is stunningly good-looking.
Can you give me another example?
This story has a happy ending.
This story has an unhappy ending.
An industrious person will succeed in life.
She does nothing but watch TV all day long.
Don't tell him I told you.
Don't tell her I told you.
Don't tell Mary I told you.
I don't know what you heard about me.
I don't know what you heard about her.
I don't know what you heard about him.
I don't know what you heard about them.
I don't know what you heard about Tom.
I don't know what you heard about Mary.
I have some errands to run.
This is a story about love and friendship.
I want to create my own world.
I'll try to keep myself together till I find myself in you.
Tom was feeling peckish, so he rang room service and ordered a hamburger.
I'm sick and tired of hearing them.
Ken folded the sheet in half.
"Is it okay to call you tonight?" "That is fine."
Excuse me, could you repeat that?
I'm feeling uncomfortable.
I'm feeling uneasy.
How is the @ sign pronounced in your language?
What's the number of the taxi company "Dazhong"?
We need a bit more time to prepare.
Let us raise our glasses to the health of our grandfather!
We bought this car for 12,000.
I tore up the letter and threw the pieces in every corner of the room.
Japanese people like to eat tuna.
If I were rich, I would travel a lot.
The wolf will change shape, but will continue to eat chicken.
The white wine should be colder.
Modern Russia has many problems.
Contrarians are often very upright people.
"May I call you tonight?" "Sure."
Why would Tom hire a private detective?
What do you think Tom is going to want to do?
What do you think Tom is going to do?
What would you have me to do, Tom?
What I have to say concerns everyone here.
What I've done is unforgivable.
What's Tom trying to do?
What do you think Tom will want to do?
What did you think I was going to do?
What does any of that have to do with me?
What do you want me to do with these?
What makes you so sure Tom was the one who stole your bicycle?
The two answers are both correct.
They'll take control of the situation.
Let me compare the translation with the original.
I'm reading an interesting book.
A true love story never ends.
He doesn't have his medicine.
Did you follow the link in the e-mail I sent you?
That link used to take me to your website, but it doesn't work anymore.
I will go, even if it rains.
I don't need beds.
You should put parentheses around this phrase.
You should put this phrase in parentheses.
From the hill we can have a beautiful view of the sea.
Where do you use it?
Who is my father?
Would you like ice cream?
No problem, of course, if you're going.
Today I had a math test.
She will be working.
This is a story of love and friendship.
I go fishing every week.
Now I have to find Tom.
There is no beer here.
Don't smoke in bed!
She is reading.
I hate the food in the canteen.
I have two female cats.
Are you talking?
You are talking.
Does she have a dog?
Ellen doesn't speak Welsh.
He is good at reading.
You have to answer the question.
Happy Mothering Sunday.
What is Tom reading?
He is old enough to go to school.
He is screaming, not singing.
What sort of sandwiches do you have?
Tom doesn't have to apologise to Mary.
He spent a lot of his time reading.
The problem is that solar power is too expensive.
Yesterday, my sister went to Kobe.
"You have the attention span of a chicken." "Chickens are tasty." "My point exactly."
He shut the door angrily.
His cigarette burnt a hole in her dress.
The weather is nice today.
Like a leaf in the autumn wind.
Autumn is the best season for reading.
In the Autumn, the leaves fall from the trees.
The leaves change their colour in autumn.
The autumn is here.
I have flu and I'm tired.
I must see a doctor at once.
I really need to talk with you.
It's impossible for him to give up smoking.
What's the matter, love?
It's obvious to everyone that he is in love.
I am going to have something to eat.
Tom is playing Frisbee.
Don't tell lies!
I went to bed late in the night.
Muriel is twenty years old.
I'm too short.
His family is very big.
There is a cat on the table.
I have to buy flowers for my love.
Is this clock working?
Does she have a lover?
Has he got money?
Alexander wrote sentences in the Berber language.
Cats have a tail and four legs.
I don't watch television.
Hi, how are you? My name is Pekka. What is your name?
Why did you leave your job?
Do you know Mr Bingley?
Staying home is boring.
What time are you going?
It has been raining nonstop for three days.
The company want to employ twenty people.
His feet are dirty.
It has been a good day.
Welsh, Cornish and Breton are all closely related.
The rain follows me everywhere!
It was very misty.
There are two zeroes in "2010".
There are two female cats sleeping on the bed.
He has just arrived.
It is seven o'clock.
My brother arrives tomorrow morning.
You are perfectly normal.
Even though it was raining, I went out.
Salmon can jump up to feet high.
Section of the Endangered Species Act makes it illegal to take an endangered species of fish or wildlife.
The Northern flying squirrel is the only species of flying squirrel in North America.
Northern flying squirrels nest inside trees.
Northern flying squirrels often share nests during the winter.
Why don't you come in and we'll talk about it?
Why don't you come in and we'll talk about it over a cup of coffee?
I don't think we can trust her.
I don't think we can trust him.
I want to be clear about that.
I have an allergy to peanuts.
The rock band thrashed the hotel room.
All of my roommates are out of town.
All of my friends are out of town.
Tom and Mary are friends of my family.
I'm glad things worked out the way they did.
Give those cookies to Tom.
Mary is an aristocrat and a proper lady.
Tom is a gruff man.
Princess Diana's tragic death shocked the world.
Have fun! See you in an hour.
You're never going to believe this.
Can we do this another time?
I still think about him all the time.
Why did you guys break up?
This is my favorite spot.
Don't worry about it. You'll be fine.
Let me know once you've decided when you'll come.
Once you've decided when you'll be coming, let me know.
You are always on my mind.
You've opened a window.
Wait, what is this?
I'm very ashamed of it.
I can't remember exactly.
Tom testified at the trial.
I can't remember exactly what I'm supposed to do.
It was a crime of passion.
I can't remember exactly how old I was when I first met Tom.
I can't remember exactly where I put my keys.
I can't remember exactly who told me that.
I can't remember exactly how to do this.
I can't remember exactly what Tom said.
I'm just a normal person.
I'm just a normal girl.
I'm just a normal guy.
Tom is not trustworthy.
I love Christmas songs.
I love Christmas music.
Are you planning to go Christmas caroling this year?
You are my one thing.
I doubt a native speaker would say it that way.
I doubt whether a native speaker would say it like that.
I doubt whether a native speaker would express himself this way.
I would even simply leave the word "странно".
You are sorry.
I would even simply leave the word "strangely".
Tom scored a goal.
Don't forget your coat.
I'm waiting at the door.
No one understands that.
Even though I'm sitting here in the sun, I still feel cold.
One has met his match.
I will be in Boston for two months.
I will be traveling in Europe for two months.
At the moment, I'm reading an interesting book.
I'll wait at the door.
Is Tom wounded?
I lol'd.
I love my daily life.
What's your den mother's name?
As far as I know he is not lazy.
It's written in black and white. How can you be in doubt?
I know I'm wrong.
The conversation started with friendly banter but ended in bruises.
I still have some things to take care of.
What is microeconomics?
I will never forget this day.
We are slaves of what does not make us happy.
Nobody should watch TV.
Go wake up Tom and tell him that breakfast is ready.
It's Tom's birthday next week.
Why did Tom agree to help Mary?
Why did you agree to help him?
Why did you agree to help her?
Why did you agree to help them?
Why did you agree to help Tom?
It's okay. I forgive you.
I love Christmas carols.
And what do you mean by this phrase?
Nobody understands it.
Our new teacher comes fresh out of college.
Tom and Mary kept their relationship hidden from their parents.
File a police report!
Mary has a secret boyfriend.
Approximately seven billion people inhabit our planet.
This isn't the time or the place.
This is utterly insane.
Tom found the missing money.
Hey, man! What's up?
We took the trash out.
That's precisely what I wanted to hear.
When you turn to the left, you will see a white building.
Workers in these factories comprise a large percentage of immigrants.
Things are not what they appear to be.
It is apparent that the architect devoted much attention to details.
He hates sports.
Tom, I also want to know what your opinion of this is.
I would also like to know what Tom thinks of this.
Tom always sleeps cuddled up to his Teddy Bear.
When we see everything that God puts up with on earth, we get the impression that he is still experimenting.
Men would gladly give women the last word if they could be sure that it really was the last.
Fate is too serious to be left to chance.
How old were you when you stopped believing in Santa Claus?
God created the universe in six days. Only humans invented the five-day week.
My door is always open. Feel free to visit when you want.
I can't speak a word of German.
I know it's early, but we should go home.
Perhaps you misunderstood me.
I asked if she were rich.
I don't agree with these actions.
I came because I wanted to.
Was it really necessary that the film end that way?
If only he had come.
If only I had not left.
The Prime Minister must step down.
Tom was absent yesterday.
Please give me your full name. "Tom Miller."
She is the laziest person I know.
What our country desires is peace.
Mary bought a blue tie for Tom.
What do firefighters do when there are no fires?
Is that stereotype true?
One of these days, you will break your bones if you are not careful.
Go wake Tom up and tell him breakfast is ready.
"Where were you?" "I went shopping."
Don't sit on the counter.
Mum, what is the address of Father Christmas? I would like to send him a letter.
How afraid I was when I opened the door!
Salmon are born in freshwater streams, but live most of their lives in the ocean.
As far as I'm concerned, they could do away with Christmas!
I couldn't help falling in love with you.
What are you doing in such a cold place?
I saw them making out on the couch.
I saw them making out!
Are you sure it was him?
Are you sure it was her?
Are you sure it was them?
What's up with you two?
And you're the one who claims that I am old fashioned...
There were no customers, so we closed the store early.
Texting while driving is very dangerous.
According to the World Health Organization, about 1.million people die from road traffic accidents each year.
For me this is a rumor.
I consider this a rumor.
Is this blackmail?
Tom lied to the cops.
I've put money aside in case I run into some unforeseen problem in the future.
There are similarities between the Indonesian and Polish flags.
Mary no longer wants to visit me.
Mary has written three books.
The first step is the most difficult.
I like Tatoeba's random sentence. It's fun because it's random!
You can have both.
You can't have both.
Both of her parents are doctors.
What if someone finds out?
All that New Age stuff is really weird.
Tom's a nice guy. Everyone likes him.
Just talking about your feelings can make you feel better.
There's a lot of drama in my family.
The crime was premeditated.
We easily found parking.
She's way out of your league.
He's way out of your league.
Mary is a museum curator.
Tom is a museum curator.
Mary will go to school. Do you know that?
You should never take your eyes off the road while you're driving.
Are you a maniac?
That was a journey full of adventures.
How many people are currently here?
Everyone wants silence.
From this very moment on, I will only contribute in Turkish.
You shouldn't believe that everyone understands you if you speak English.
Mary's tears vanished immediately.
Well, will Pushkin pay for the apartment then?
Don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about.
Tom clapped his hands happily.
I'll keep my fingers crossed that everything will go well for you today.
It seems you are not taking me seriously.
The closure of the factory will have significant knock-on effects for the town's economy.
The upshot of the decision was that a number of charitable organisations had to scale back their operations.
Do you find that funny?
I assume that it's okay with you if I take one of them.
I assume it won't bother you if I take one of them.
Did you bring it home?
Did you bring this home?
He leaned on the counter.
I don't like people who talk about me behind my back.
We have to change something.
I found it disturbing.
Check in the schedule when our train leaves.
I was never a communist, but if I had been one, I would not be ashamed to admit it.
We help the poor.
He intervened in the family affairs of his friend.
Please set the table.
This is my cat. That one is yours.
Women have a natural penchant for the mysterious.
Femdom is short for Female Domination.
The chair is far away from the door.
In Austria, you have to pay to use the highway.
He saved up his money for his daughter.
Why have you been avoiding me?
There's also the initiation ritual.
The other day, I thought about you.
I'll call you soon.
That's a convincing explanation.
What gives you the right to talk to me like that?
Tom and Mary hit it off big time from the get-go.
Tom maxed out his three credit cards and had to take out a high interest loan to pay them off.
Why do you always have to get so personal when we have an argument?
That's an example taken from life. I like such examples.
Numbers that can be expressed as fractions of two whole numbers are called rational numbers.
What is Rob like?
Atlas bore the Earth on his shoulders.
The word 'algebra' has Arabic roots, right?
This world is a valley of tears.
He asked the strawberry-haired girl, who was behind the counter, some questions.
I fold.
This sounds like a trap.
This looks like a trap.
What will you wear?
He sang Simon and Garfunkel songs.
He sings Simon and Garfunkel songs.
It's good to see you in one piece.
The sand is burning hot.
I'm glad to see you in one piece.
I'm happy to see you in one piece.
He made a special effort to solve the problem.
Mary doesn't like looking in the mirror.
A donkey is gray.
A drunk TV presenter vomited during a live broadcast.
Two bags of cement will be enough.
So where does he live?
She didn't take a siesta.
I'm sorry, but I really don't have any time to spare right now.
I'll scratch your back if you scratch mine.
I have no evidence that God made man, but I do know that men make gods all the time.
I'm not sure I know what you're getting at. Please express it differently if you can.
There's a deep strain of anti-intellectualism in American history.
I'm not kidding you. Some people actually believe that the world is only six thousand years old.
He thinks that dinosaurs and humans co-existed.
We've come to a fork in the road.
I don't handle stress well.
There is never a shortage of people who are desperate to believe in the extraordinary.
Someone who sees something wrong being done and does nothing about it, is as culpable as the perpetrator of the act.
You look very self-assured for someone who's obviously lying.
Tom's son is very self-assured, unlike his father who is plagued by self-doubt.
If you take a child outside and point at the moon, the child will look at the moon. If you do the same with a dog, it will look at your finger.
He likes touching huge biceps.
That lady should die!
He angrily slammed the door.
The door opened by itself.
The chair stands next to the door.
Have you seen my camera?
That's why he did it.
Thank you for listening to me.
The wind was howling.
Tom met a girl about his age.
I was too afraid to say anything.
I was too afraid to do anything.
I could go to school today.
He ate bread and butter.
He is not like the person I imagined.
He's carrying an umbrella because it's raining.
In China a lot of elderly people play tai chi in the morning.
Nothing lasts forever, not for a long time, anyone can find an excuse to go ahead.
13. .11. 10. 9. 8. 7. 6. 5. 4. 3. 2. 1. Start!
Tom works in the building directly opposite where the siege is taking place, and could clearly see a gunman in the cafe together with a number of hostages.
I have never seen such a match.
How many languages disappear each year because another language seems more "cool" to their young speakers?
Midterm elections are often disastrous for the parties in power.
The boat capsized during the night.
Thomas crashed into a buoy and damaged his boat.
Is anybody with me?
The world is unjust.
Is the world unjust?
I extended my holiday.
This is an old letter.
She ate nothing but lean meat.
I appreciate her loyalty.
It's Anna's house.
You were not disillusioned.
Gas emissions cause serious pollution in urban areas.
It is rumored that this house is inhabited by a demon.
We are still unaware of the criminal's motives.
Are you enjoying the city?
I will attest that I did not hear that.
My music teacher was surprised to find out that I can cook.
Ignore what he said. It was just a joke.
I have a lot of time for diversions.
Mary whistled.
It's a waste of time to reason with a child.
The baby is crawling now.
He made the situation worse.
Mary has lost quite a lot of weight.
Often Mark doesn't grasp things right away.
The greatest beauty of all is the beauty of the soul.
I would prefer not to.
There are ten exercises in the book.
When Mary went to cook dinner, she found that her potatoes had sprouted in the cupboard.
Tom was a sickly child and was mollycoddled by his parents.
Tom played the role of devil's advocate at the brainstorming meeting.
You must unmask the impostors.
Don't throw stones at the dog.
The alarm clock is set for a.m.
I depend on the alarm clock to wake up on time every morning.
I use a big pot to cook soup.
No one ever really knows what's going through someone else's head.
No one ever really knows what goes on behind closed doors.
There was standing room only in the Regional Express to Nuremberg.
The butcher was hacking cuts of meat from the steer carcass.
Next time we'll agree on a meeting place.
The employees work at the office.
Tom and Mary got married a few years ago.
I usually work from AM to PM, but today I worked until PM.
How is her surname pronounced?
How is his surname pronounced?
How is your surname pronounced?
How is your first name pronounced?
Unfortunately I can't find the lyrics for this song.
I've got the jack of hearts.
I was awake all night.
Therefore, E.T.A. Hoffman asserts: "Music is the most romantic of all arts, for its object is the infinite. It is the mysterious Sanskrit of nature, spoken in tones which fill up the soul of mankind with infinite yearning; and it alone lets us understand the songs of the trees, the flowers, the animals, the stones and the waters."
He gets up at a.m. every morning.
Traffic conditions on the highway are normal this morning.
I jog in the morning.
The homemaker vacuumed the carpet.
Every Tuesday morning the housekeeper vacuums.
It is urgent to go to the bathroom.
Tom was shocked to see how much his mother had deteriorated since he last saw her six months ago.
He was in Rome and he didn't see the Pope.
His critique was totally inappropriate.
Her critique was totally inappropriate.
What is the cause of such a failure?
"If you could travel back in time, what would you change?" "Rubles!"
Tom pleaded with Mary to give him another chance.
I was going to ask Tom about it but never got the chance.
Tom's a lot smarter than people give him credit for.
I'll give you time until tomorrow.
All bar one of the delegates were in favour of the proposal.
I'm giving you time until tomorrow.
Micromanagers often find it very hard to delegate work to others.
Tell him he should present his immediate resignation.
Tell him he should submit his immediate resignation.
Tell her she should present her immediate resignation.
Tell her she should submit her immediate resignation.
Staff couldn't handle the new Minister's authoritarian management style, and left en masse.
The authoritarian manager rewards sycophants and punishes anyone who suggests possible improvements to practices and procedures.
It seems that anything can happen today.
Could you translate that for me?
The teachers' room and the gym are under renovation.
The teachers' room and the gym are being renovated.
She wanted to buy the book.
They went to the mall, where they ate and watched a movie.
They walked to the mall, where they ate and watched a movie.
Despite their great wealth, they are not happy.
You are still scared
This is just the CD that I was looking for.
He stood by the entrance.
I can't hold back my longing for you.
I would rather not talk about it.
Anything will be fine.
I would rather not eat the same food again today.
Now I'm home.
They said that they would do homework, though they went to the movies.
Ice is water in solid form.
My shoe size is 45.
He drew the shortest straw.
He felt very tired.
It can hardly be true.
Shall we do something else now?
It's been a while since last time.
Wait a bit.
Shall we go soon?
It is their problem, not ours.
It isn't safe to drive without a seatbelt.
He certainly knows about it already.
He came first in the competition.
They lived in Norway for a while.
Computer games are a way for him to pass time.
Can you show me one more time?
She talks a lot but never gets anything done.
There are three students with the same name in that class.
Where did he go after the lecture?
The leaders of the two countries refused to meet halfway.
I can't see anything. You're standing in the way.
Do you even know where the school is?
How early do you get up in the morning?
Which film are you going to see?
Can't you stay a while longer?
It's nothing to be sorry about.
Are you completely crazy?
Before she moved to France, she lived in Sweden.
You know me inside and out.
The house was cleaned inside and out.
I've said it before and I'm saying it again: don't touch my things!
Dominion recriminations against the recalcitrant treaty population did not end with the Battleford executions in the fall of 1885.
Can you order a green tea popsicle and two Tigertail ice creams?
Horses are different from donkeys.
Biology is the only science where multiplication is the same as division.
I'm gonna change it right now.
He's a foreigner. He doesn't understand what we're saying.
Some travel is required.
Tom does not know how to sing.
I use "Yahoo" to browse the internet.
To be or not to be; That is a big question.
That son-of-a-bitch stole my backpack, ate my sandwich and took a shit in my coffee mug!
If I catch you again hitting my cat I am going to fuck you up. I am telling you this is your last chance.
Fuck, I cannot sleep because those damned owls are hooting so loudly.
All men are mortal.
I do not speak Chinese.
Can you deal with it?
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go.
You are like your father.
This is a bus stop.
There is a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.
How do you say "ninety-seven" in various languages?
They have turned one of the mosques into a prison.
That will cost you a lot of money.
That's going to cost you a lot of money.
He can speak and write in French.
How do you say in various languages?
It's unlikely that he did his homework himself.
If it's alright with you, I think I'll go to sleep.
Everyone was looking at you.
I regret having done that.
That really bothers me.
It's been recommended to me.
The USA and Cuba are set to mend their relationship after half a century of hostilities.
The wife of a missing man has delivered a heartfelt plea to the public for information on his whereabouts.
Tom's father told him to forget about becoming an artist, because he'd never earn enough to live on.
Is it just me or is it hot in here?
Sociopaths rarely display remorse or feelings of guilt for their crimes.
The president approved the use of crossbows by the police.
I watch the birds.
I don't slice their bread.
I don't cut their hair.
I wasn't the one who cut Tom's hair.
Tom asked me to cut his hair.
Tom went to the barbershop near the hospital to get his hair cut.
Tom has decided not to get a haircut until spring.
Do you know which barbershop Tom usually goes to?
Tom doesn't like the way his mother cuts his hair.
Tom usually only gets his hair cut two or three times a year.
Tom's mother told him to go get his hair cut.
Tom and his brother usually cut each other's hair.
It takes a long time, and a lot of money, to fill that tank with gas.
I have a friend who cuts his own hair.
She lives on another plane of existence.
You should go and see if Tom is OK.
Birth is the starting point for life's adventures.
A change of scenery would provide comfort.
Be a good boy and eat your vegetables.
What is Maths good for?
Water gurgles while fire crackles.
It took a long time and a lot of money to build this factory.
We can't choose where we come from, but we can choose where we go from there.
Would you like another beer?
The comparison with the bed of Procrustes is suitable.
I shed a tear when I saw the tear in my dress.
I would like to tell you about my cat, Leonidas. We would simply call him The 'Nidas for short, and he was the best cat in the world. The one who loved me most of all. The closer I paid attention to The 'Nidas, the better I felt. Unfortunately, he ran away a year ago.
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions or concerns.
His wife's a friend of mine.
My father has a personality disorder.
One out of ten people suffers from a lack of sleep.
About a billion people suffer from hunger and poverty.
I can't stand him suffering so much.
The doctor performing the operation seemed to be concentrating more on his conversation with his assistant than on the operation he was performing. Tom has suffered from the consequences to this day.
This area suffers from a shortage of water.
He's just not that into you.
The lift has an automatic door.
One cannot know everything.
It's not possible to know everything.
I write Chinese characters very slowly.
From the beginning of the Perestroika, many starry-eyed members of the intelligentsia believed that from now on, everything with us would be "like in the West".
Good riddance to bad rubbish.
He always has such witty things to say!
We haven't contacted each other for quite a while. I am very happy to write to you.
Hurry up, girl!
Despite himself, he winced at the pain that throbbed in his back.
It would be nice if you could volunteer the information without being prompted.
I like something disgusting.
I prefer this book to that one.
I need a leather folder.
It pisses me off when you say that.
I've been told that you're a very competent person.
It's a town of three thousand souls.
One is roasted in this room.
I have a stone in my shoe.
He's kicked out.
Don't eat fast food!
The message was deleted.
I'll go to the store after I eat.
In fast food restaurants, condiments are often available in single-serving sachets.
Banana ketchup is a popular condiment in the Philippines.
Get him talking.
You can fix this.
How did you get through anesthesia?
The grainy texture of these mashed potatoes is deeply unpleasant.
Textured vegetable protein is a common meat substitute.
This yarn will give the garment a softer texture.
Many children are fussy about eating foods with certain textures.
We like the house, but we aren't fond of the textured ceilings.
My great-granduncle's doctor advised him to adopt a low sodium diet.
Did you pass your exams?
Nowadays mobile phones are very popular.
You're still young, but not permanently.
Pizza is a pie chart showing how much of it is left.
Her French is not fluent.
I'm sorry, I do not understand. Can you repeat it a little slower?
Tuesday we will go to the clubhouse.
Take him back.
I'll be staying here for two days.
I said that it might have rained.
Next time, I'll drive.
I'm sorry to say that your madeleines have the consistency of rubber.
"They lost again." "You don't say. What's that, eight in a row?"
She passed the test by the skin of her teeth.
Thank you for your translation!
It must be known like that.
He is a fanatic.
They never admit their own mistakes.
Did you think I came here just to pass the time of day?
This rumor is completely unfounded.
I try to put as few Latin words in my speech as I can.
Join the sports revolution.
I dropped my earring.
Don't argue with a woman when she's tired.
Tom got his nose out of joint when he wasn't asked to Mary's party.
Play the ball, not the man.
You didn't give me what I wanted.
There's something you do not know about Mary.
Don't look at it!
This is a story of love and betrayal.
After I eat, I'll go to the store.
The walls of Rome have twelve gates.
How can I serve you?
Bill is a complete idiot.
That's another issue.
I'm full of joy.
The car stopped in front of the house.
I don't fancy much going to the other side of the city.
I think I have had one too many.
Don't ask and just come with me.
I prefer to eat something else.
I'm not now going to work with you.
It's best if you do everything he says.
Tom got a letter from Father Christmas.
If they could eat in a restaurant every night, they would. They hate cooking.
The eagle flies through the sky.
I think I've never seen you so drunk before.
We became friends when I was in Taiwan.
It's getting chilly. Take care that you don't catch a cold.
I think he didn't understand.
There were two glasses under the mirror.
That is flammable.
As far as I know, he was born in Italy.
On the outside the school looks like a prison.
The dashboard of this car is completely electronic.
There's his friend.
There he is!
Do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls?
Don't try to trick death twice in one day.
Salaries have increased.
A friend of mine has recently divorced her husband.
She is my best friend.
We act in good faith.
Your criticism is very unfair.
He's thinking about this difficult problem.
He still hasn't given me the money I lent him.
This is a chance one shouldn't lose.
He has lived here for a long time.
I will not come.
There's still a bit of it left.
I know that some of your students do not appreciate you.
When the Russians give back Donetsk to the Ukrainians, there won't be a single building left standing.
Take a look at it if you don't believe me!
Do you know this girl?
I have lived with several Zen masters, all of them cats.
I don't cut her hair.
I've downloaded some stuff.
Why did you come here, then?
I'm boring.
Excuse me, where's the Bank of China?
You need a taxi, don't you?
You're the boss!
You're the doctor!
You know everything about me.
There's still a little of it left.
We acted sincerely.
I have a lot of success.
You know all about me.
We'll destroy their dens.
I love being in the spotlight.
What time does Sao Paulo play today?
I'm very sorry for causing the accident.
I'm very sorry for having caused the accident.
Keep calm, you're the boss.
I don't slice her bread.
That's a bodge job.
He loses self-control when he's drunk.
I'm not accustomed to being in the limelight.
He loves being in the spotlight.
I was gonna do a cartwheel, but I didn't want to steal the limelight.
Did you cook the potatoes in their jackets?
The vision of the "new German Man" is in the limelight.
I don't like her at all.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Mary and Tom value their privacy.
Tom felt around the floor on his hands and knees, trying to find Mary's earring.
The law is a set of rules of civil conduct that supposedly reflect the values of the society that created the law.
Is there water on Mars?
Some employers are reluctant to take on people who have recently been released from jail.
He came to find her a man.
Are you upset?
In spring, the days get longer.
He picked her at random.
I haven't seen him in a long time.
Despite her nonchalant air, she is paying close attention to everything you say.
Tom found the child crying in the street.
Does free will exist?
Why didn't she want to join him?
The weather is getting cold.
The question is more than legitimate.
Do you wish me to repeat the question?
Why do I still listen to this?
Tom's been very busy at work and can't get any time off until the week after next.
Firefighters were able to contain the fire to the rear of the building.
Mary had a moral dilemma: should she tell the police that the man in the CCTV footage of the hold-up, looked like Tom?
Police officer, I didn't do anything!
Looking at you, I understand that nature has a sense of humor.
Honestly, I really like you.
Oh, I forgot my keys.
He picked them at random.
I can see that you are working.
I have studied French since I was 15.
They're not French.
She speaks French fluently.
That is not to say the two are mutually exclusive.
Kronum is a new team sport invented in 2008.
Sing me a love song.
My mother likes our neighbors not too much.
What language is spoken in Canada?
The boy touched the hot stove and burnt his hand.
Throw out from here this disgusting dog!
Are you sorry for what happened last night?
I have access to this library.
Far from reforming his ways, he gets worse every day.
Death to the king!
He was able to get the information by reading the letter.
This is the final struggle.
Can I add you on Facebook?
May I add you on Facebook?
When driving a car, you must pay attention to the blind spot.
I'll talk with you when I'm not busy.
Please be quiet!
I've enjoyed this soap opera very much.
If your honor wants to, we'll go.
The lady doth protest too much, methinks.
How many countries have names that start with the letter "Y"?
I think there's no country that begins with 'Zo'.
He had excess water in his lungs.
Tom has no interest whatsoever in being fashionably dressed.
Please pack these clothes in a suitcase.
"The snow is beautiful, isn't it?" "Yeah, but Mary, you're even more beautiful."
In this country, the majority of the population practices Sunni Islam.
In this country, the majority of the population professes Sunni Islam.
In this country, the majority of the population espouses Sunni Islam.
That guy is pretty chill.
That's just wishful thinking.
In this country, most of the inhabitants are Sunni Muslims.
I need to finish reading this book.
I work from Monday through Saturday.
Do you wanna play?
We stayed at a small hotel just outside of town.
Why do you spoil him?
All German nouns are written with the first letter capitalized.
She's from Portugal.
I have a new friend and she's from Bulgaria.
They're from Iceland.
It's their problem, not ours.
It seems you aren't taking me seriously.
None of us speaks French.
I've found a lot of viruses on my aunt's computer.
I found a lot of viruses on my aunt's computer.
He likes the Italian cuisine.
Someone coughed once.
You wanted this to happen, didn't you?
Was that the problem?
Was that your question?
There were no alternatives.
Why do we feel schadenfreude over others' suffering?
History is an ever-ongoing process.
Mary is by far the biggest drama queen I have ever seen.
Kids catch colds easily.
They're from Greece.
He's very religious.
That's completely understandable.
I don't teach them to swim.
I'm a little sick.
Stand and deliver!
A tactical retreat is sometimes interpreted as cowardice.
Some men can't handle women in positions of power.
Bike helmets can protect riders from serious head injuries.
I think it makes sense.
Welcome, Meruert.
Christmas is supposed to be a happy time to share with the family. For some people, however, who are alienated from their family, or who have no family, it can be a very unhappy time.
I'll see what I can do, but no promises.
Ignorance is invisible to those who suffer from it.
Most serial killers have experienced brutal childhoods, but very few people who experienced brutal childhoods later become serial killers.
Why did you buy a car like this?
You don't have to try.
Why don't you come to Boston?
She was praised for saving a person's life.
Come to think of it, a pizza is a pie chart that shows how much pizza you have left.
Pizza is a pie chart that updates in real time showing how much pizza you have left.
Today is history!
I like the dresses.
As you wish!
I can't live alone.
I found lots of malwares in my aunt's computer.
I see my future wife.
Go look for it.
It seems that he is fine.
Please talk to me.
I am not available.
What we obtain by asking is not really ours.
Cycling groups lobbied for smooth roads to be laid down all over the country.
Should we prepare anything?
May God give them peace!
I paid two hundred dollars in taxes.
He earlier had a phone call with Tom.
He works at the power station.
The patient lost patience.
Like a house of cards, Tom's dreams and plans came crashing down around him.
Did you hear about Tom and Mary splitting up?
I'll see what I can do, but I don't promise you anything.
Travel and public speaking are integral parts of Tom's job.
I'll see what I can do, but I promise you nothing.
Sound knowledge of computer systems and programming languages is integral to Tom's job.
The Golden Horde wreaked havoc and death all around Eurasia.
Speak now, or forever be silent.
Tom disregarded the slippery conditions and crashed off the road.
Her eyes were shut.
Tomorrow, there's likely to be rain.
"Here you are." - "But we weren't going to give each other any presents for christmas." - "Yes, that's true. But when I saw this in a shop window, I just couldn't help it - I had to buy it for you." - "Funny. Something similar happened to me. Here, this present is for you."
Tell Tom I don't need his help whatsoever.
Ram's table is besides mine.
Now I see that I misunderstood the sentence at first glance.
I am very worried about my future.
Tom tried to act normal, but you could tell from his facial expression and demeanour that he was seething with rage.
I can't right now. I'm busy.
She is greedy.
Mr. Smith is an acquaintance of his.
Speak now or forever hold your peace.
Tom underestimated the slickness and drove into the ditch.
South Korea is much more beautiful than North Korea.
The most important attractions of the Åland Islands are the friendly people and the beautiful scenery.
Santa is already getting on his way!
I can't explain the difference between the two.
I hadn't ever seen such a place before.
It's completely clear that we won't stay here for four weeks.
I remember no such thing.
Will I be able to spend one day undisturbed for once?
We're spending Christmas Eve at our grown daughter's house.
I sprinted away from the camp.
I don't always understand everything you write.
This shirt needs ironing.
I convinced Tom not to sue you.
The weather was cold and it rained a lot.
Tom's Esperanto is already rather good.
Tom's Esperanto is quite good already.
I'm not home Sundays.
"What's wrong with Tom?" "His computer is infected with a virus."
I found a bunch of viruses on my aunt's computer.
None of us can speak French.
Can any of us speak Spanish?
I don't have to prove anything at all.
Is there any more of that?
It would be better if we didn't speak of Tom.
It'd be better if we didn't talk about Tom.
Honor your ancestors.
Be ready to help a friend.
Defend yourself!
What can be more important than that?
We still have worse problems than this one.
Tom only got first place in the chess tournament because Mary wasn't there.
That's not an insult.
Tom was a bitter old man who was sick of life.
How much intolerance are we prepared to tolerate?
It seems to me that you're making fun of me.
The accident cost some people their lives.
A whole car fits into the blind spot.
I understand no English and German even less.
Now I'm a doctor, too.
I have no clue what I'm doing.
I don't know at all what I'm doing.
I have no clue what I did.
I don't know what I did at all.
I think you're ruining your life.
He was able to bring everything to a good end.
I can't wait to meet this girl.
Is this seat still open?
Forget what I have just told you.
Don't forget what I just told you.
We hope for better weather.
What is a slogan?
We like the cultural weeks.
There are two cars standing in his garage.
There are two cars in his garage.
He has two cars in his garage.
I'm happy because I'm studying Russian finally.
I'd like to ask for something to drink.
When you sup with the Devil, use a long spoon.
"I cannot open this jar. I don't have enough strength." "Let me do that."
I don't buy it.
Mary was highly offended by what Tom had said.
Mary was highly offended by what Tom had to say.
I think Mary will be offended by what Tom is going to say.
Tom woke in a stupor after a night of heavy drinking.
Tom drank himself into a stupor when Mary walked out on him.
There was a pretty girl with black hair in the park.
A pretty girl with black hair was in the park.
I can't believe you'd do something like that to me.
I can't believe you'd do such a thing to me.
Don't you like that?
On Sunday, the museum is closed.
Do you really not like them?
Do you really not like those guys?
These are tough moments, I know.
These are hard times, I know.
Please throw a ball.
This is not for me.
Please throw me the ball.
Please throw the ball to me.
I'd like to feel how your lips taste.
My lecture will be next Saturday, November 29, 2014, at 10:a.m.
Be careful: We capitalize nationalities, days of the week, and languages in English.
You look tired, so you should go to bed early.
I don't want to grow up.
I sold it and paid my debt.
He's too mature for you.
If I had free time, I would accept his invitation.
Did you receive his invitation?
Except for that, you didn't have any choice.
"Sir, we've found this and we needed you to name it." "Pineapple." "But we figured we might just as well call it "ananas" since the majority of the world refers to it as—" "Pineapple." "But sir—" "Pine. Apple."
You have done that properly today.
I couldn't restrain myself.
I can't stop laughing when I hear that story.
Most people are afraid not of making mistakes, but of facing up to them.
It took Tom three hours to assemble a trampoline which the instructions said would take an hour.
You have a go. I can't seem to get it to work.
You don't happen to know where Tom is, do you?
I feel itchy everywhere.
The more people buy a given item of merchandise, the higher its price.
We see that the real world is becoming a world of merchandise.
That's a pretty lame joke. Did you come up with it yourself?
This is an easy task for you.
If you find euros in the drawer, it's because I had too many bills and left them with you.
We are still alive.
He stayed at a hotel.
Do I need a reservation?
Nine o'clock should be O.K.
What do you have for today's special?
Why are you saying that to me?
We share the housework.
I neither walk nor run.
Don't you love each other?
Mary said that she wanted a squirrel for Christmas and she was disappointed when she only got a stuffed squirrel.
Tom got a hamster for Christmas.
Tom got a toy hammer and toolbox for Christmas.
Mary got a Guinea pig for Christmas.
Tom wrote a letter to Santa.
Have you ever written a letter to Santa?
Many non-Christians celebrate Christmas.
The exact date of Jesus' birth is unknown.
Jesus was born in Bethlehem.
I like Christmas decorations.
Europe today is a political vassal of the USA.
Mary called her stuffed squirrel Tom.
Shall we live here or there?
Mary helped her mother decorate the Christmas tree.
Tom and Mary both look extremely happy.
Tom said that he wanted to go visit Santa Claus at the North Pole.
Old Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
Scrooge and Marley were partners for I don't know how many years.
What gifts did you ask Santa for?
No one understands me like you do.
Tom and Mary live in a small, two-bedroom house on a quiet street.
How did you pull it off?
Tom and Mary opened their Christmas presents.
When I was little, I believed in Santa.
I'll ask her a very simple question.
I'll ask him a very simple question.
You can visit Tom as often as you like.
You have to say something.
I know, I should have stayed with you.
You're always welcome at my place.
We know their background.
Due to heavy load on the server, connections may be temporarily blocked from locations that fetch an unusually high number of pages.
This is a menu.
Someone had definitely spiked Tom's drink, because he could no longer stand up and the next morning he could remember nothing.
This type of discrimination isn't very widespread in our country.
After the earthquake the neighbourhood felt insecure.
Customs officials carried out a full body search on Tom.
"And where are the bosses?" – "At dinner".
There is no doubt that Marley was dead.
Scrooge never painted out Old Marley's name. There it stood, years afterwards, above the warehouse door: Scrooge and Marley.
External heat and cold had little influence on Scrooge. No warmth could warm, nor wintry weather chill him.
You don't talk a lot.
"A merry Christmas, uncle! God save you!" cried a cheerful voice.
"Bah!" said Scrooge, "Humbug!"
You don't mean that, I am sure.
You don't mean that, I'm sure.
Merry Christmas! What right have you to be merry? What reason have you to be merry?
Every idiot who goes about with 'Merry Christmas,' on his lips, should be boiled with his own pudding, and buried with a stake of holly through his heart.
Stay where you are!
Don't be angry, uncle. Come! Dine with us tomorrow.
"Why did you get married?" said Scrooge. "Because I fell in love." "Because you fell in love!" growled Scrooge, as if that were the only one thing in the world more ridiculous than a merry Christmas.
I want nothing from you; I ask nothing of you; why cannot we be friends?
Have I the pleasure of addressing Mr. Scrooge, or Mr. Marley?
He died seven years ago, this very night.
It's enough for a man to understand his own business, and not to interfere with other people's. Mine occupies me constantly. Good afternoon, gentlemen!
The cellar-door flew open with a booming sound.
Why do you doubt your senses?
Scrooge was not much in the habit of cracking jokes.
The spectre's voice disturbed the very marrow in his bones.
Dreadful apparition, why do you trouble me?
"Hear me!" cried the Ghost. "My time is nearly gone."
You were always a good friend to me.
"You will be haunted," resumed the Ghost, "by Three Spirits."
The air was filled with phantoms, wandering hither and thither in restless haste, and moaning as they went.
When Scrooge awoke, it was so dark, that looking out of bed, he could scarcely distinguish the transparent window from the opaque walls of his chamber.
Was it a dream or not?
"Who, and what are you?" Scrooge demanded. "I am the Ghost of Christmas Past."
Marley was dead: to begin with.
"These are but shadows of the things that have been," said the Ghost. "They have no consciousness of us."
"The school is not quite deserted," said the Ghost. "A solitary child, neglected by his friends, is left there still."
A lonely boy was reading near a feeble fire.
"What is the matter?" asked the Spirit. "Nothing," said Scrooge. "Nothing. There was a boy singing a Christmas Carol at my door last night. I should like to have given him something: that's all."
The door opened; and a little girl, much younger than the boy, came darting in, and putting her arms about his neck, and often kissing him, addressed him as her "Dear, dear brother."
May you be happy in the life you have chosen!
Near to the winter fire sat a beautiful young girl.
The noise in this room was perfectly tumultuous, for there were more children there, than Scrooge in his agitated state of mind could count.
There is no doubt whatever about that.
They were not forty children conducting themselves like one, but every child was conducting itself like forty.
I saw an old friend of yours this afternoon.
"I am the Ghost of Christmas Present," said the Spirit. "Look upon me!"
A Merry Christmas to us all, my dears. God bless us!
Scrooge was the Ogre of the family. The mention of his name cast a dark shadow on the party, which was not dispelled for full five minutes.
They were not a handsome family; they were not well dressed; their shoes were far from being water-proof; their clothes were scanty; and Peter might have known, and very likely did, the inside of a pawnbroker's. But they were happy, grateful, pleased with one another, and contented with the time; and when they faded, and looked happier yet in the bright sprinklings of the Spirit's torch at parting, Scrooge had his eye upon them, and especially on Tiny Tim, until the last.
He lives on the floor above mine.
This museum is one of the world's largest art museums.
He just told me.
New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art is also known as "The Met."
There's nowhere you can hide.
This is a fantastic idea.
It's too hard for me.
Here are my grandmother's dentures.
A group of handsome girls, all hooded and fur-booted, and all chattering at once, tripped lightly off to some near neighbour's house.
The old man, in a voice that seldom rose above the howling of the wind upon the barren waste, was singing them a Christmas song.
"Ha, ha!" laughed Scrooge's nephew. "Ha, ha, ha!"
If you should happen, by any unlikely chance, to know a man more blest in a laugh than Scrooge's nephew, all I can say is, I should like to know him too. Introduce him to me, and I'll cultivate his acquaintance.
Tom works for a large financial institution.
I made everything for you.
Scrooge knew he was dead? Of course he did. How could it be otherwise?
I just wanted to be with you forever.
Tom left the front door open.
Do you know who her father is?
Do you know who his father is?
I like her a lot.
We are free at last.
I live in India.
I can get to the station before you.
I don't care about anyone else.
I don't care about anyone else!
You're too good for him.
You're too good for her.
Do you know that girl?
Do you know that guy?
It wasn't what it looked like.
It's not what it looks like.
Weeds are nature's opposition against the rule of the gardeners.
How can I tell it just to Tom without telling everybody else?
I don't remember where you live.
During that time I didn't expect to have a problem.
The school rules that students cannot smoke.
Our company has many projects to do.
Their common aim was to make the project successful.
You are my good friend.
We are waiting for him to make another decision.
He is the prime minister of this country.
Everyone knows there is no such thing as a perfect person.
We need air support!
External heat and cold had little influence on Scrooge. No warmth could warm, no wintry weather chill him.
Your pits stink.
His mom puts up with all of his mischief.
I'm going to buy the bilingual dictionary next Saturday.
I can't wait to go to college.
Tom didn't want to talk about what happened.
Marie helped her mother decorate the Christmas tree.
I have no idea what Tom's talking about.
My mother is very dear to me.
That's my last word.
I like clothes.
I need to finish reading my book.
Excuse me, ladies!
Oftentimes things don't happen as we'd imagined them.
They were entrepreneurs.
Please take out the trash.
That affair doesn't concern me.
That question doesn't concern me.
"I want nothing from you; I ask nothing of you; why cannot we be friends?"
Would you tell me your email address?
"We have no doubt his liberality is well represented by his surviving partner," said the gentleman, presenting his credentials.
Burn not your house to fright the mouse away.
I know what it is, Fred! I know what it is!
The Phantom slowly, gravely, silently, approached.
"I am in the presence of the Ghost of Christmas Yet To Come?" said Scrooge.
"When did he die?" "Last night, I believe."
A cat was tearing at the door, and there was a sound of gnawing rats beneath the hearth-stone.
To whom will our debt be transferred?
We may sleep tonight with light hearts, Caroline!
Men's courses will foreshadow certain ends, to which, if persevered in, they must lead. But if the courses be departed from, the ends will change.
Scrooge crept towards it, trembling as he went; and following the finger, read upon the stone of the neglected grave his own name, Ebenezer Scrooge.
At the ominous word "liberality", Scrooge frowned, and shook his head, and handed the credentials back.
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future. The Spirits of all Three shall strive within me. I will not shut out the lessons that they teach.
I am as light as a feather, I am as happy as an angel, I am as merry as a school-boy. I am as giddy as a drunken man. A merry Christmas to everybody! A happy New Year to all the world.
"What's today?" cried Scrooge, calling downward to a boy in Sunday clothes, who perhaps had loitered in to look about him. "Eh?" returned the boy, with all his might of wonder. "What's today, my fine fellow?" said Scrooge. "Today!" replied the boy. "Why, Christmas Day."
Do you know whether they've sold the prize Turkey that was hanging up there? Not the little prize Turkey: the big one?
Shaving was not an easy task, for his hand continued to shake very much; and shaving requires attention, even when you don't dance while you are at it.
Wash your face with warm water and soap.
Good morning, sir! A merry Christmas to you!
"A merry Christmas, Bob!" said Scrooge, with an earnestness that could not be mistaken, as he clapped him on the back.
I'll raise your salary, and endeavour to assist your struggling family, and we will discuss your affairs this very afternoon.
See you tomorrow then!
When he learned the details of the circumstances, his laugh disappeared.
Tom loves nature.
Just in time!
You the man!
Tom's strong interest in Mary provoked my jealousy. But I managed to conceal it.
Actually, I simply read the Russian sentence with a Hebrew mind, and it's clear.
We're all Toms and Marys.
I broke my phone.
Emily broke her phone.
I can't play Flappy Bird.
When choosing mineral water, we should prefer water that is rich in calcium and magnesium, but low in sodium.
I won't go to school.
Nobody wants to die.
Emily has no money.
Emily has blue eyes.
Does Emily have green eyes?
He looked for his book for an hour.
Those are my grandmother's dentures.
Mary asked Tom to give her a cuddle.
A dog controls its temperature by panting with its tongue out.
Tom tied his tomato plants to stakes with twine.
Tom staked his tomatoes with Mary's old stockings.
The car goes fast.
Tom had a look of desperation on his face.
Tom got a casual job as a fruit picker at an orchard.
Rome is an ancient city.
The boy resembles his father.
The boy looks like his father.
He went to the city to have a good time.
Meanwhile, you can stay with us.
Reading is a good activity.
You are doing splendidly.
It is necessary to clean the chicken-house.
Speak to the daughter-in-law so that the mother-in-law may understand.
Mary knitted Tom a pullover for his birthday.
My mother had none of the mod cons which are available to today's housewives.
The bus driver was not impressed when Tom pulled out a $note to pay his fare.
Tom couldn't understand why his daughter would want to have her tongue and nose pierced.
Few things can compare to the joy on your child's face as they open their Christmas presents.
She forgot her umbrella.
A good sentence is not necessarily a good example sentence.
Water depth in front of main berths is 13.m below CD.
It's a three-ring circus in this place.
Do you know what's on at cinemas?
All the best.
Warm wishes.
We want to wish you and your family all the joys of a coming New Year.
Someone threatened to kill that politician.
Wishing you a magical and memorable Christmas!
She has a shower every night.
He has tea every morning.
He doesn’t have tea every morning.
I have got some books.
He sounded as excited as she did.
Tom sounded as excited as Mary did.
Tom did not sound as excited as Mary did.
Tom is such a lucky guy to have you.
Tom is abusive and manipulative.
Tom was a good man. He didn't deserve to die.
No woman is born a prostitute.
Lucas is a clever clogs.
Can you do that here?
Santa lives at the North Pole.
I hope that I can do it.
He dedicated himself to painting, without thinking of fame or fortune.
When you're successful, everyone wants to know you. When you fail, you're on your own.
Tom's living proof that you don't have to have brains to be successful.
Tom listens to inspirational CDs, and has a list of motivational quotes on the back of his bedroom door.
If I knew her address, I would write her a letter.
It's because of me, isn't it?
The only one who can solve this problem is you.
You're the only one who can solve this problem.
Tom is the only one who can solve this problem.
"Can you do me a favor?" "It depends."
I have tried for a long time.
Tom is an independent filmmaker.
This is exactly what I wanted.
Are they going out?
Are they friends or are they dating?
It's not like that anymore.
I didn't know you were so brave.
She couldn't convince him to come back home.
Your teeth are all yellow. You should clean them better.
No soliciting!
Tom was subjected to a full body search.
Tom thought he was hard done by when he was overlooked for a promotion.
Tom had pockets full of cash after a lucky night at the casino.
People often enter into a relationship thinking that they can change the other person.
You're playing in the garden.
He's playing in the garden.
She's playing in the garden.
We're playing in the garden.
They're playing in the garden.
In fact, I do have a request.
What do you conclude from her abnormal behavior?
Please pass me the jam.
Tom won't be singing.
His family is doing fine.
He asked me to stand up.
The exchange of goods and services between the two countries is on the rise.
I don't have a reason to live.
Tom arrived thirty minutes late.
They are of the opinion that the missing plane is on the ocean floor and that's where the search should be conducted.
They exchanged their camera for a guitar.
Last week I was in Boston with my wife.
I quickly applied the brakes.
A place like that is not really appealing.
You're too laid back.
Snow melts.
My leg hurts.
War makes you poorer and weaker, even if you win.
The fan in my computer is very loud.
We have to operate urgently.
I'm not forcing them to pay extra.
I can't squeeze juice out of this orange. It's dry.
Nowadays, books are accessible to everyone.
Unlike you, I don't make fun of people in public.
I tripped on a stone, and if he hadn't caught me, I would have fallen into the gorge.
I'll give you a laptop.
I'll give you a laptop computer.
Disabled people can't stand being pitied.
Disabled people can't stand it when people pity them.
The open-air concert was cancelled because of the rain.
Handicapped people can't stand being pitied.
There's still some cream in the fridge.
I'd never been so afraid.
The beasts ran through the plain.
Tom is respected in the business community because he is always fair and square in his dealings with others.
Tom's health has gradually deteriorated over the past six months.
The hungry lions were eagerly anticipating the arrival of the wilderbeest on their annual migration to the green pastures of the Maasai Mara.
"What do you want to know?" "Everything."
I didn't trust him at first.
I didn't trust her at first.
It's no longer that way.
Tom thinks that I was in Boston last week.
Who's free?
Tom doesn't know the truth.
Tom will never do that.
I couldn't do this without your help.
Anything is blissful with you. Nothing is meaningful without you.
One shouldn't interrupt others when they are speaking.
You are unbelievably naive.
Finish drinking your milk.
He fled with the money.
She taught her children Russian.
You loaded the merchandise.
Everything I loved has been destroyed.
Everything I once loved has been destroyed.
I don't belong to them.
We need to be aware of the value of time.
A man does not live forever, but stupidity does.
Tom wore himself out.
Who doesn't have anything to do?
Tom didn't learn anything in school.
Mary will be thirsty.
What are some tasty foods that would go well with potatoes?
I had my bicycle repaired yesterday.
Who's playing the piano in the living room?
The wind is blowing from the southwest.
She stared him in the eyes.
Tom was not a perfect man.
That's why I also want you to take part in this meeting.
No one is born knowing everything.
Religion played an important role during the Middle Ages.
Today it's snowing heavily in my city.
Let's have a Coke to beat the heat!
What's the meaning of this sentence?
We watch television.
It is soft.
When I went to bed on the evening of November 27, I picked up my blind cat and said to her, "You and me, we're alone in this world." But two days later, my blind cat died, and I've remained completely and utterly alone.
"How late did you stay up last night?" "I was up until about 2:30."
You are incredibly naive.
Now answer my question or you'll be standing tall before the man.
We hope for the best but expect the worst.
I am still eating.
Sloths are nocturnal and slow-moving.
Some believe that the Earth is a kind of hell.
Their religion is not a good one.
Very soon we will usher in a new year.
Someone famous said that imagination is more important than intelligence.
Without imagination, one's mind is like a prison.
My mother is not at home.
The boys and girls are playing in the garden.
The children are playing in the garden.
But...no one translates the sentences I create.
Tom asked Mary out on a date and she accepted.
I think my friend knows your friend.
Lead poisoning endangers the health of millions of children around the world.
Children are more at risk for lead poisoning.
Lead is a common environmental pollutant.
I swam in the sea.
There are fish in the sea.
There is yogurt in the fridge.
There's yogurt in the refrigerator.
I don't have a house.
Tom, how could you?
How long was I supposed to wait?
He's no longer my friend.
She is no longer my friend.
"What did you do?" "I didn't do anything."
He's no longer interested in me.
Do not disturb my circles!
The streets aren't safe at night.
His grey eyes shone and twinkled, and his usually pale face was flushed and animated.
The fire burned brightly.
Marta loves you.
The geometry, for instance, they taught you at school is founded on a misconception.
You know of course that a mathematical line, a line of thickness nil, has no real existence.
These things are mere abstractions.
He loves cats.
Clearly, the Time Traveller proceeded, any real body must have extension in four directions: it must have Length, Breadth, Thickness, and Duration.
There are really four dimensions, three which we call the three planes of Space, and a fourth, Time.
For instance, here is a portrait of a man at eight years old, another at fifteen, another at seventeen, another at twenty-three, and so on. All these are evidently sections, as it were, three-dimensional representations of his four-dimensioned being, which is a fixed and unalterable thing.
If Time is really only a fourth dimension of Space, why is it, and why has it always been, regarded as something different? And why cannot we move in Time as we move about in the other dimensions of Space?
She is speaking to herself.
Tom held Mary tight against his chest and whispered "I love you" into her hair.
Time doesn't change us, it reveals what we are.
There is a bird here.
Are you sure we can move freely in Space? Right and left we can go, backward and forward freely enough, and men always have done so. I admit we move freely in two dimensions. But how about up and down? Gravitation limits us there.
We are always getting away from the present moment. Our mental existences, which are immaterial and have no dimensions, are passing along the Time-Dimension with a uniform velocity from the cradle to the grave.
You can move about in all directions of Space, but you cannot move about in Time.
You are wrong to say that we cannot move about in Time.
'You can show black is white by argument,' said Filby, 'but you will never convince me.'
The thing the Time Traveller held in his hand was a glittering metallic framework, scarcely larger than a small clock, and very delicately made. There was ivory in it, and some transparent crystalline substance.
The only other object on the table was a small shaded lamp.
It's beautifully made.
It took two years to make.
She gave it to me.
Everyone was silent for a minute.
Do you seriously believe that that machine has travelled into time?
He didn't give it to me.
'You mean to say that that machine has travelled into the future?' said Filby. 'Into the future or the past—I don't, for certain, know which.'
Don't go away. Stay here with me.
I think that at that time none of us quite believed in the Time Machine.
Save me some of that mutton. I'm starving for a bit of meat.
Interlingue is an easy and beautiful language.
"Story be damned!" said the Time Traveller. "I want something to eat. I won't say a word until I get some peptone into my arteries. Thanks. And the salt."
'Have you been time travelling?' 'Yes,' said the Time Traveller, with his mouth full, nodding his head.
The journalist tried to relieve the tension by telling anecdotes of Hettie Potter.
The Time Traveller devoted his attention to his dinner, and displayed the appetite of a tramp.
The silent man seemed even more clumsy than usual, and drank champagne with regularity and determination out of sheer nervousness.
He reached out his hand for a cigar, and cut the end.
I am afraid I cannot convey the peculiar sensations of time travelling. They are excessively unpleasant.
There was the sound of a clap of thunder in my ears.
I looked round me. I was on what seemed to be a little lawn in a garden, surrounded by rhododendron bushes, and I noticed that their mauve and purple blossoms were dropping in a shower under the beating of the hail-stones.
I felt naked in a strange world. I felt as perhaps a bird may feel in the clear air, knowing the hawk wings above and will swoop.
These people of the remote future were strict vegetarians, and while I was with them, in spite of some carnal cravings, I had to be frugivorous also.
At first, I was puzzled by all these strange fruits, and by the strange flowers I saw.
At first, things were very confusing.
Since Montenegro is an independent state again.
I took a chance and bought five hundred shares of Sony.
Is there also a paperback edition of this book?
A new full edition of the encyclopedia has come out.
Ignorance gives rise to many forms of prejudice.
Ignorance is the source of many forms of prejudice.
Everywhere were fruits and sweet and delightful flowers.
Brilliant butterflies flew hither and thither.
The shop, the advertisement, traffic, all that commerce which constitutes the body of our world, was gone.
Physical courage and the love of battle, for instance, are no great help—may even be hindrances—to a civilized man.
Very simple was my explanation, and plausible enough—as most wrong theories are!
The Time Machine was gone!
"Where is my Time Machine?" I began, bawling like an angry child, laying hands upon them and shaking them up together.
I had nothing left but misery.
Where is my time machine?
I sat up in the freshness of the morning, trying to remember how I had got there.
I don't know how to convey their expression to you. Suppose you were to use a grossly improper gesture to a delicate-minded woman—it is how she would look.
She spoke relatively quickly.
I could work at a problem for years, but to wait inactive for twenty-four hours—that is another matter.
He received no compensation for his service.
The water was lukewarm.
You see? It wasn't that bad.
I lied when he asked how old I was.
I lied when she asked how old I was.
Tom lied when Mary asked him how old he was.
Mary lied when Tom asked her how old she was.
What about dessert?
What do you mean, you can't help me?
They kissed for a long time.
It has been such a long time.
I was bored to death.
Tom took me under his wing.
Can I take a break?
Can I take a break now?
It's very easy to become famous when you're very well-known.
Are these all Tom's books?
Are these all your books, Tom?
Something's not quite right here, though I can't put my finger on it.
Tom resigned with immediate effect.
Tom's resignation took effect immediately.
"How late did you stay up last night?" "We were up until about 2:30."
The volunteer firefighters are the real unsung heroes in this situation.
It won't amount to anything.
I have a horse.
Tom pointed the finger at Mary.
As a matter of fact, I don't like her.
I'll move to Stockholm next week.
The type of mastectomy a patient undergoes depends on numerous factors, including whether the patient intends undergoing reconstructive surgery.
In some cases, mastectomy is prophylactic surgery - a preventive measure taken by those considered to be at high risk of breast cancer.
In comparison to mastectomy, lumpectomy removes a smaller percentage of breast tissue.
A bilateral salpingectomy, which is the surgical removal of both Fallopian tubes, will result in sterility.
An ectopic pregnancy is dangerous and potentially fatal for the mother.
While most ectopic pregnancies occur in the Fallopian tube, it is also possible for them to occur in the ovaries, abdomen, or cervix.
Tom has a thick skin.
Despite medical advances, ectopic pregnancy remains a significant cause of maternal mortality worldwide.
The cervix is the lower, narrower part of the uterus.
The vagina meets the external organs at the vulva.
It sounds like Tom is in trouble.
How many books have you got?
Don't go. Stay here with me.
Tom is really a multilingual person.
You call that music? To me it's no more than noise.
Here and there water shone like silver, and beyond, the land rose into blue undulating hills, and so faded into the serenity of the sky.
It was an obvious conclusion, but it was absolutely wrong.
That day, too, I made a friend—of a sort.
It happened that, as I was watching some of the little people bathing in a shallow, one of them was seized with cramp and began drifting downstream.
She was exactly like a child. She wanted to be with me always.
"They must have been ghosts," I said.
A queer notion of Grant Allen's came into my head, and amused me. If each generation die and leave ghosts, he argued, the world at last will get overcrowded with them.
There is a tendency to utilize underground space for the less ornamental purposes of civilization.
My explanation may be absolutely wrong. I still think it is the most plausible one.
The next night, I did not sleep well.
If each generation die and leave ghosts the world at last will get overcrowded with them.
Once or twice, I had a feeling of intense fear for which I could perceive no definite reason.
I was in an agony of discomfort.
The faint halitus of freshly shed blood was in the air.
I stood there with only the weapons and the powers that Nature had endowed me with—hands, feet, and teeth.
I will confess I was horribly frightened.
I wondered vaguely what foul villainy it might be that the Morlocks did under the new moon.
The Morlocks at any rate were carnivorous!
I wasn't in Boston; I was in New York.
"It seems that these days there's a murder somewhere every day." "Indeed. It's a dangerous world, isn't it?"
We make our products as best quality as possible.
This effectively makes our enemies helpless.
Wait, did you say girl or guy?
What a strange coincidence!
What a marvelous suggestion!
Tom mouthed the words "thank you."
Tom was brutally murdered on October 20, 2013.
Tom retired at the age of 65.
This is the final boarding call for Flight to Boston, boarding at Gate 13A.
Nobody walks in LA.
You might be interested to know that Tom has a Ph.D.
You're the one with the Ph.D.
Let's see some ID.
We have things in common, Tom and I.
We have a history, Tom and I.
You're not a killer and neither am I.
I guess that'd be OK.
I knew you were OK.
Please tell me Tom is OK.
Tom needs to know that that's not OK.
I wanted to get this to you ASAP.
Tom pressed the rewind button on the VCR.
I don't want any trouble with the IRS.
Tom's not paying attention to the TV.
Tom is being interviewed on TV.
Tom doesn't need an SUV.
Tom looked at the agenda.
Tom had a splendid idea.
I have a splendid idea.
Sleep is a good idea.
That's usually not a good idea.
Tom still isn't comfortable with the idea.
Tom is still not entirely sold on the idea.
I'm starting to get the idea.
That's the whole idea.
That was the whole idea.
It'll just give people the wrong idea.
That's the general idea.
That's such a cool idea.
That's your idea.
Tom's got the right idea.
Tom had a bright idea.
There's been a series of robberies in the Boston area.
You really won't find a better specialist in the Boston area.
This could be a dangerous area.
It's a moral gray area.
Tom wants only one cup of tea.
You'll begin to experience the effects of hypoxia.
Tom is carrying an umbrella.
Let your smile be your umbrella.
I went to college for four years and all I got was this lousy diploma.
I wouldn't miss this for all the tea in China.
I just wish I had my camera.
We have enough data.
I've studied your data.
Tom makes a good jambalaya.
I was hoping you'd let me buy you a slice of pizza.
You really should've let me call a cab.
I heard them say something had happened in the lab.
I'll run it over to the lab.
Right now, Tom is sleeping like a lamb.
That sounds pretty dumb.
Tom said he went there for a job.
Tom's new in town and needs a job.
I had a few auditions, but never got a job.
I don't think you did a very good job.
Tom landed himself a really nice job.
Tom said it was part of the job.
Tom is, without question, the best man for the job.
They're competing against each other for the job.
Tom is just right for the job.
I'm the one who has the job.
I don't think you did a very thorough job.
Tom is the only one here with a real job.
I think you've done a wonderful job.
That's part of our job.
Tom is going to have your job.
I suggest you get back in there and do your job.
I'm trying to help you keep your job.
Tom could be after your job.
That's why I can't take this job.
You've done a brilliant job.
I'm sure this won't cost me my job.
I have to quit my job.
Tom is a whackjob.
Tom fumbled with the doorknob.
Tom is the manager of the club.
We don't want people like Tom in our club.
Help me get Tom into the bathtub.
Let's just take a sec.
There could be traffic.
I'm going to need you to be more specific.
There's no such thing as black magic.
Tom was laughed at in public.
I can't believe Tom did that in public.
It's too public.
Most of Tom's friends know that he's a recovering alcoholic.
Tom knows that Mary is a recovering alcoholic.
I'm only the mechanic.
Tom couldn't help feeling a twinge of panic.
Stay away from the clinic.
Make it a gin and tonic.
Tom is swaying slightly with the music.
Tom cranked up the music.
There was no music.
That's very dramatic.
Tom tends to be overdramatic.
You were always the romantic.
What Tom did was unbelievably idiotic.
Tom wrapped the sandwich in plastic.
I must do something drastic.
I couldn't tell what had happened, but it looked bad.
It'd be bad.
Not all aliens are bad.
You know, this isn't half bad.
I want a drink real bad.
I've been real bad.
I'm not trying to make you feel bad.
Tom wants it so bad.
You're not so bad.
Sharing a bathroom's not so bad.
It's really not so bad.
Tom was hurt bad.
Tom is hurt bad.
That sounds really bad.
That sounds pretty bad.
They were found dead.
The only problem is that Tom may already be dead.
Tom is probably the only person in the world who cares if I'm alive or dead.
Tom is listed as dead.
We're as good as dead.
Now I wish I was dead.
The guard is dead.
I just can't believe Tom is dead.
I'm telling you that we have to assume that Tom is dead.
This doesn't necessarily mean that Tom is dead.
The line went dead.
Don't put ideas in Tom's head.
Tom was just talking off the top of his head.
Tom has a price on his head.
Tom pressed an ice pack to his head.
Tom completely lost his head.
I wish I could get it out of my head.
I've called ahead.
You really should've phoned ahead.
I really haven't thought that far ahead.
Tom came out ahead.
Tom is a real hothead.
Tom began to read.
I don't know what I had.
I like to think of Tom as the brother I never had.
Tom is the little brother I never had.
Tom is like the big brother I never had.
You can't lose what you never had.
I've got boxes to unload.
Tom slowed down and pulled over to the side of the road.
I really need to get back on the road.
We saw your truck on the road.
You're all over the road.
Tom didn't know whether to be happy or sad.
It seemed very odd.
Tom is lying face down on the bed.
Tom's suitcase is on the bed.
Tom is lying in a hospital bed.
Tom is lying in the hospital bed.
Tom sat up in bed.
Tom was in bed.
Read Tom a story and put him to bed.
I'm putting the boy to bed.
Tom is lying fully dressed on his bed.
Tom is lying motionless on his bed.
Tom felt snubbed.
I don't believe that you're mentally unbalanced.
I don't know what I experienced.
Tom was easily influenced.
I don't like where this is headed.
The carts were being loaded.
Tom smiled and nodded.
They succeeded.
Tom's fate is already decided.
I know Tom wouldn't leave me stranded.
You come highly recommended.
Tom was dumbfounded.
You're completely surrounded.
I didn't mean that the way it sounded.
The prison is heavily guarded.
They all applauded.
Tips aren't included.
Tom was very specific that you be excluded.
Look, Tom, I'm sorry I intruded.
I believe we'll be able to succeed.
Tom didn't succeed.
This is serious indeed.
You've got mouths to feed.
I just can't get the information I need.
That'll give us the focus we need.
I'm here for you in your time of need.
That's all the warning Tom and the others need.
I hope you get the information you need.
They might have what you need.
They might sell what you need.
I can be exactly what you need.
Tom kept me up to speed.
The car started to pick up speed.
I've been fully briefed.
Tom scoffed.
I'm encouraged.
Tom wasn't discouraged.
I don't want to get upstaged.
You should assume that your phone is bugged.
Tom casually shrugged.
That's when everything changed.
Tom's appearance has changed.
One thing hasn't changed.
Tom knows the game just changed.
Blows were exchanged.
You will be charged.
Tom's arms ached.
It's not so far-fetched.
Tom looked up and laughed.
Tom never laughed.
The girls laughed.
Tom isn't the sharpest tool in the shed.
Tom was genuinely astonished.
I have to be punished.
I've been adequately punished.
The room became slightly hushed.
Tom looks a little flushed.
Tom mistakenly informed everyone that I had died.
It's been almost three years since Tom died.
Let's go over what happened the day Tom died.
You very nearly died.
I assume you're qualified.
Tom is sick, weak and terrified.
Tom didn't know whether to be amused or horrified.
I'm not convinced that's justified.
Tom was by no means satisfied.
Tom was perfectly satisfied.
Well, I lied.
I always thought you and Tom were married.
You certainly knew Tom was married.
That, Tom, is why we never got married.
Please tell me you're not married.
Tom isn't in the least worried.
Believe me, I've tried.
When I saw what happened to Tom, I freaked.
My bag's always packed.
The baby just kicked.
The clock ticked.
The crowd looked shocked.
The jury looked shocked.
We're all deeply shocked.
Tom tried the basement door and to his surprise, it was unlocked.
Tom also talked.
It's time you two talked.
I told you I didn't like the way Tom looked.
Nothing has been overlooked.
Not all cops are crooked.
You sound terribly overworked.
That isn't what I asked.
I've done as you've asked.
We're ready to do exactly as you've asked.
The truth couldn't be concealed.
Tom's wounds have healed.
Tom's birth records are sealed.
The leak has been sealed.
Tom picked up the phone and dialed.
Tom should've been court-martialed.
Tom's face paled.
Tom is deeply troubled.
The game got canceled.
Tom's clothes are disheveled.
Tom's hair is disheveled.
Tom was baffled.
Tom leaned back and smiled.
Tom sat back and smiled.
Tom looked at his cards and smiled.
Tom seldom smiled.
Tom also smiled.
Tom's eyes twinkled.
Tom's eyes sparkled.
Please forget I called.
Tom stopped when he heard his name being called.
You know, I'm actually glad Tom called.
Tom tried to have me killed.
That may be what got Tom killed.
My husband was killed.
They know you were the one who visited Tom the night before he was killed.
You were in this room with Tom when he was killed.
I could have you killed.
That big mouth of yours is going to get you killed.
Tom tried to have Mary killed.
I've never been so thrilled.
You sure had me fooled.
It's been dismantled.
Tom was disgruntled.
Tom was a little startled.
Tom whistled.
You've got me all rattled.
I know what got Tom rattled.
That's what had me puzzled.
Tom was completely puzzled.
Every time something unusual happens, I get blamed.
You're all doomed.
I don't think you should be alarmed.
Tom was alarmed.
Tom wasn't a bit alarmed.
Tell them we're unarmed.
Tom's doubts have been confirmed.
Tom is amazingly well informed.
I don't need my carpet cleaned.
Tom stiffened.
The kitchen door opened.
Tom sat back down as if nothing had happened.
It's like nothing ever happened.
Let's forget last night ever happened.
It's as though the incident never happened.
Let's all just sit down and try to talk about what's happened.
We're awfully sorry about what's happened.
In a sense, that's exactly what's happened.
Tom is still not fully aware of what has happened.
I must know precisely what has happened.
A lot has happened.
Things happened.
But that's not all that happened.
Let's see what happened.
It doesn't change what happened.
That's the true account of what happened.
Even though we followed the stupid rules, look what happened.
Please don't ask Tom what happened.
Don't hold yourself responsible for what happened.
So what if that's what happened.
We need for you to tell us what happened.
It's the only way we'll find out what happened.
It's been pretty bad around here since it happened.
We talked about this when it happened.
Tom tried to make sense of what just happened.
Tom's eyes softened.
I'm so frightened.
I don't think I've ever been so frightened.
Tom was very frightened.
Tom quietly listened.
I've just been reassigned.
Tom's patience is being strained.
Tom has been unavoidably detained.
I should've declined.
I need to have my head examined.
Tom was ruined.
I have something very special planned.
Tell me what Tom has planned.
Tom was mentioned.
The pigeons were all poisoned.
You've been forewarned.
We have no problem as far as the house is concerned.
Tom left home with everything he owned.
I'm stumped.
Tom stood up and clapped.
The charge was dropped.
I just know Tom has to be stopped.
Boy is my face red.
No one would've cared.
Tom was good and scared.
It's as I feared.
The mist cleared.
It's a good thing I came prepared.
No expense was spared.
I can't believe you remembered.
Your days are numbered.
Tom shuddered.
Tom appeared to be bewildered.
Tom's attention wandered.
Tom's daughter was murdered.
Tom sneered.
I can tell that you've suffered.
Tom staggered.
Tom snickered.
Tom stammered.
Tom isn't so well-mannered.
Tom shivered.
It's been delivered.
We just want to have a few questions answered.
Tom knocked and Mary answered.
Tom didn't deserve to be fired.
I think I'm about to get fired.
My arms are tired.
Tom will eventually get tired.
Tom is now looking very tired.
Tom was suddenly very tired.
I hate being bored.
Tom was just getting bored.
I'm so bored.
Tom and Mary stared at each other with hatred.
It's a good thing you're insured.
Tom seemed reassured.
Tom felt reassured.
Tom is being tortured.
No one will be released.
Tom will be so pleased.
You must be very pleased.
Tom wasn't displeased.
That's what I promised.
Tom compromised.
I don't mind telling you I'm surprised.
You're very patient, so why are you being so unreasonable about waiting ten more minutes?
I guess I shouldn't be too surprised.
Tom's face was swollen and bruised.
Tom's ego has been bruised.
Tom isn't licensed.
The door was still closed.
Tom's office said he was indisposed.
You're in danger of being exposed.
I can't help being a little embarrassed.
I lied because I was embarrassed.
Tom was evidently embarrassed.
Tom was just helping me get dressed.
Tom is almost fully dressed.
I'm so depressed.
Tom was very depressed.
The group was impressed.
Tom was deeply impressed.
I've seen your resume and am very impressed.
Tom looks distressed.
Our paths have crossed.
Tom was a little confused.
Tom became confused.
I always get those two names confused.
Tom is now genuinely confused.
Tom's imagination was aroused.
Tom's situation is getting more complicated.
I'm not that easily intimidated.
I know how I'm supposed to be treated.
The report may be exaggerated.
You're about to be exonerated.
I hope you're well compensated.
Tom was irritated.
Tom might not even be infected.
You don't want it to get infected.
Tom objected.
I'd like to go over the information you've collected.
I know Tom is connected.
It was just as you suspected.
Tom is very different from what I expected.
You aren't what I expected.
It was to be expected.
I know it's a little unexpected.
Tom is freaking out, just like Mary predicted.
Tom is in danger of being evicted.
You will remain silent until further instructed.
Tom was delighted.
Tom was disappointed at not being invited.
Tom takes everything for granted.
Tom seemed a little disoriented.
They were discontented.
I don't believe you two are acquainted.
I'll let you two get acquainted.
Tom ran off in the direction that Mary pointed.
Tom couldn't help but look disappointed.
Tom said that the house was haunted.
Tell me you were adopted.
Please tell me I'm adopted.
I always knew I was adopted.
Tom wasn't very happy at being interrupted.
You're so kind-hearted.
Tom began to get downhearted.
Tom is never going to finish the job he started.
Now look what you've started.
Tom is just helping me get started.
Now if you don't mind, I'd like to get started.
The office was deserted.
The office is deserted.
I'm so wasted.
For the record, I'm not at all interested.
If it has something to do with Tom, I'm interested.
I get why you're so interested.
I don't think I'd be that interested.
Tom wasn't a bit interested.
Whatever it is, we're not interested.
Whatever you're selling, I'm not interested.
It's not that I'm not interested.
For the record, I'm not remotely interested.
Tom was momentarily interested.
You should have Tom arrested.
We should have you arrested.
I'm going to have you arrested.
Tom protested.
You knew what you were getting into when you enlisted.
Tom never even knew I existed.
I'm seeing a side of you I never knew existed.
Tom's patience was exhausted.
I knew you weren't to be trusted.
I knew that Tom wasn't to be trusted.
You've exceeded the time allotted.
I don't think we were spotted.
I don't wish to be rescued.
We all want to be rescued.
Tom looked pale and fatigued.
The static continued.
Some people just can't be saved.
You must be deeply relieved.
Life needs to be lived.
Tom booked a room for me at a hotel near where he lived.
You guys are all sleep deprived.
Tom has been a nervous wreck ever since we arrived.
Tom arrived.
I've been watching you since you arrived.
I don't see how they could've survived.
Tom could've survived.
It's a miracle you survived.
I just want the situation resolved.
I don't see how Tom would be involved.
I know Tom is involved.
Tom isn't sure he wants to get involved.
Sorry, Tom, I didn't want to get you involved.
Besides, I didn't want to get you involved.
Tom says I'm too personally involved.
I've never felt so loved.
Tom and Mary never moved.
Tom bowed.
You never showed.
That can't be allowed.
Tom followed.
I thought you said it was getting fixed.
Tom was overjoyed.
Tom was extremely annoyed.
It's been destroyed.
You just need to be organized.
Tom thought Mary would die an old maid.
I hope you're well paid.
I always thought I'd be afraid.
I'm so afraid.
Tell me you're not afraid.
Tom was terribly afraid.
That's what the papers said.
Tom can't have understood what you said.
We had to do as they said.
We had to do what they said.
Tom confirmed what Mary said.
Tom was irked by what Mary said.
Tom was totally blown away by what Mary said.
Tom's going to kill me when he finds out what I did.
I don't know why I reacted the way I did.
Tom let Mary take credit for what he did.
I'm not ashamed of what we did.
It's a good thing you came to me when you did.
You never said what you did.
Tom was mugged as a kid.
This is no place for a three-year-old kid.
You're a weird kid.
Tom is just a mixed-up kid.
Tom is a perfectly normal, perfectly healthy kid.
Tom lifted the lid.
I always suspected that Tom was a little paranoid.
I'm not being paranoid.
I don't know what's worse: being stupid or pretending to be stupid.
I suppose I'm just being stupid.
Love isn't blind, but it's often stupid.
You know the trouble with you, Tom, you're just stupid.
That's unbelievably stupid.
It's actually incredibly stupid.
Tom is an authority in his field.
Tom is hardly a child.
I must be getting old.
I guess we're getting old.
I suddenly felt old.
I really don't feel the cold.
I'm so cold.
Brr, it's cold.
Tom suddenly felt cold.
Tom is still out cold.
The water was icy cold.
Tom was very cold.
Tom removed Mary's blindfold.
I don't think this weather will hold.
Tom is on hold.
I'm putting you on hold.
Tom wanted to carry Mary over the threshold.
We're at peace with the world.
Tom isn't the brightest guy in the world.
You're the most important woman in the whole world.
Hey, welcome to the real world.
Tom did what he could.
I want to introduce you to my new husband.
I didn't want to dismiss it out of hand.
Tom knocked the drink out of Mary's hand.
Tom's sword was knocked from his hand.
Tom held up his hand.
Tom tried to focus on the task at hand.
Let's try to stay focused on the problem at hand.
There must be someone else living on the island.
Tom put me in command.
Fire on my command.
Tom is lying face down in the sand.
Tom could talk his way out of quicksand.
Tom has been batting a thousand.
That's where I stand.
I don't know if you'd understand.
None of them could understand.
I thought you, of all people, would understand.
You have to make them understand.
Tom seemed to understand.
Tom's attitude is quite simple to understand.
I think I'm starting to understand.
I'm just trying to get you to understand.
This road is a dead end.
I've always known how this would end.
I knew they'd get me in the end.
I can't believe this is going to end.
I know how this is going to end.
We want that to end.
I can make you a legend.
I know more than you could possibly comprehend.
It looks like you could use a friend.
We were traveling with a friend.
I'm here tonight as a friend.
I'm reaching out to you as a friend.
I said Tom is a friend.
I'm going out to dinner with an old friend.
I can be your best friend.
I was ratted out by my best friend.
I thought Tom would be perfect for my friend.
I'm almost glad I don't have a girlfriend.
I talked to Tom's old girlfriend.
You're the perfect girlfriend.
You're the perfect boyfriend.
Tom is going to give me a haircut this weekend.
It's a special blend.
I'll let you know what I find.
That's the only one I could find.
I just threw on whatever I could find.
Don't go looking for something you don't want to find.
Tom snuck up on me from behind.
This is the good kind.
I'm not trying to imply anything of the kind.
It looks like a camera of some kind.
I know your kind.
Tom walked over to the window and pulled up the blind.
Try to have an open mind.
Put it out of your mind.
I suggest you put it out of your mind.
I think you've lost your mind.
I'm asking you to help me change Tom's mind.
Tom is clearly out of his mind.
Tom has a brilliant mind.
Tom never even entered my mind.
I haven't lost my mind.
You've got a dirty mind.
Tom is a mastermind.
Tom wasn't fooled for a second.
I'm not buying it for a second.
I'd like to slow things down for just a second.
I need you for just a second.
I have to watch them every second.
Tom has a very substantial retirement fund.
I told you I wasn't interested in a refund.
They were nowhere to be found.
Tom is nowhere to be found.
You left the bar last night just when I was about to buy everyone another round.
I glanced around.
Tom paused for a moment and looked around.
Tom is hard to be around.
Tom needs to turn his life around.
I usually don't allow people to boss me around.
I knew you'd come around.
Tom has been looking around.
Quit screwing around.
We were just screwing around.
I quite like having Tom around.
I didn't tell you to turn around.
What goes around, comes around.
Well, I'll see you around.
Tom loves having Mary around.
Tom stomped on the ground.
Please put your weapon on the ground.
Tom's gun is on the ground.
Tom looked at the ground.
It's good to see you safe and sound.
There was no sound.
I felt like God.
I didn't want to play God.
I don't like alcohol, period.
One of Tom's complaints is the food.
We'll grow more food.
It's a waste of food.
Tom walked in with bags of take-out food.
It'd be good.
That'd be good.
This ought to be good.
It's a chance for all of us to do something good.
That won't do us much good.
It'd look good.
Let's make this look good.
I have to say you look good.
That sandwich really does smell good.
You know too much for your own good.
This is for your own good.
That was no good.
Tom isn't looking too good.
That wouldn't look so good.
It feels so good.
That feels so good.
That massage felt so good.
I do believe it's for the greater good.
Tom's appetite was good.
Tom's reputation is good.
I think ambition is good.
I don't remember you looking this good.
I do think this isn't good.
I'm afraid the prognosis isn't good.
I don't feel that good.
They aren't that good.
A little exercise would do you good.
It would do you good.
Tom was really good.
That sounds really good.
That would be very good.
It doesn't look very good.
Tom is looking pretty good.
I've been pretty good.
That sounds pretty good.
There goes the neighborhood.
Tom is my flesh and blood.
I think you've lost too much blood.
Somebody's in a good mood.
I'm really not in the mood.
I wish I understood.
Tom maxed out his credit card.
Tom had to shout to be heard.
I couldn't make myself heard.
That was the most beautiful thing I've ever heard.
You look positively haggard.
That shouldn't be hard.
Tom is trying real hard.
I think you're taking this a little too hard.
Tom picked up the black knight and moved it across the board.
Let's not go overboard.
Tom pressed a key on the computer keyboard.
Tom is under 24-hour guard.
Tom is bound to be on his guard.
I've asked Tom to assign you a bodyguard.
The problem is all parents wants their children to go to Harvard.
Let's give Tom his reward.
It's kind of awkward.
It's a bit awkward.
They branded you a coward.
I leaned forward.
It sounds pretty straightforward.
Tom let the dog loose in the yard.
That's a little weird.
It feels weird.
Tell me this isn't weird.
This is off the record.
I have a juvenile record.
Tom has no prison record.
I eat what I can afford.
I won't breathe a word.
I didn't listen to a word.
Don't you say a word.
You said the magic word.
I'll spread the word.
We'll spread the word.
Don't fire until I give the word.
You need only give the word.
I just got the word.
I'll take Tom at his word.
Tom unsheathed his sword.
Tom lowered his sword.
Tom is currently in prison for tax fraud.
Tom pulled Mary out of the mud.
Tom laughed aloud.
Tom chuckled aloud.
I'd like Tom to read what's written on that paper aloud.
I'm so proud.
Tom pushed through the crowd.
Tom emerged from the crowd.
Tom quickly disappeared in the crowd.
I don't see who else it could be.
That's as it should be.
I can predict how what Tom's answer will be.
I know how overwhelming it can be.
I forgot just how clever you can be.
Tom knows this is how it has to be.
I didn't tell you to take a bribe.
Tom wanted Mary to go away and leave him in peace.
I'm just someone who wants peace.
I'm going to punch you in the face.
You should've seen your face.
You've got food on your face.
You should've seen the look on your face.
Cookie licked Tom's face.
The hint of a smile appeared on Tom's face.
Tom saw the surprise on Mary's face.
Tom looked up into Mary's face.
Tom unwrapped the scarf from his around his face.
Tom finished drying his face.
Tom had a slight smile on his face.
I knew I recognized that face.
I knew you weren't just a pretty face.
I'd hate to see anything happen to your pretty face.
We're going to get you to a safe place.
Tom, this is neither the time nor the place.
My jeans ripped at the seams.
Tom looks out of place.
I have more than one hiding place.
I'll meet Tom at the usual place.
I promise you we'll find a bigger place.
Tom, please, this isn't the time or place.
Tom has definitely been put in his place.
We'll leave this place.
I don't think I can survive in this place.
I have a weird feeling about this place.
Tom should've told Mary the truth in the first place.
I sent Tom to Boston in my place.
Tom stashed some stuff at my place.
Tom and Mary were walking at a brisk pace.
Tom isn't even in the race.
I just want to get through this in one piece.
Tom leaned against the mantelpiece.
I gave at the office.
I just got the word that Tom will be moving to our Boston office.
There's a pay phone in the hall outside Tom's office.
There's a pile of cash on the floor in the middle of Tom's office.
Tom showed Mary into John's office.
I don't have a couch in my office.
I'm willing to make that sacrifice.
Tom, Mary and John are gathered around Alice.
Tom was running from the police.
I'm going to report you to the police.
I'm not the police.
Tom has been detained by the police.
That'd be nice.
I can be nice.
That might be nice.
I think you're just being nice.
It felt nice.
You had to make a choice.
Tom made it sound like I have a choice.
You say that like I have a choice.
I don't see that there's a choice.
I don't see it as a choice.
I don't see that we have much choice.
It's the logical choice.
Tom clearly has no choice.
That leaves us no choice.
Tom will have no other choice.
Tom was left with no other choice.
Now it's your choice.
It's your only choice.
I don't see that we have any choice.
I can hear sadness in your voice.
I didn't raise my voice.
We all have a price.
Every dream comes at a price.
It doesn't come without a price.
We need some supplies and figured you could get us a good price.
They're asking million dollar and I think would be a steal at twice the price.
They got into an argument over the price.
You were wrong about the price.
I'd want to be sure that I was ready to pay the price.
Everything has its price.
It can be yours, for the right price.
Tell me your needs and I'll tell you my price.
You can ask any price.
I thought I'd get in some target practice.
Tom has been brought to justice.
I want the person who did this brought to justice.
I don't want you offering my girlfriend dating advice.
We value your advice.
Tom had the gall to ignore my advice.
My policy is, you pay full price, you get full service.
I don't need to hear it twice.
We feel Tom needs some spiritual guidance.
They'll pay a price for their arrogance.
The new manager never gave me a chance.
Without your protection, Tom won't have a chance.
You're not even giving it a chance.
Tom should've listened to you and bought that painting when he had the chance.
Tom should've asked Mary to marry him while he still had the chance.
It's worth the chance.
Tom jumped at the chance.
I won't get the chance.
There is but one chance.
Tom is taking a tremendous chance.
It's your last chance.
You were my last chance.
It's your best chance.
I had my chance.
Tom and Mary exchange an amused glance.
I never even gave her a second glance.
Tom was in a trance.
I know how to make an entrance.
I've already spent my inheritance.
It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
It's of no importance.
I've been admiring you from a distance.
We're pulling back to a safe distance.
I've been hearing gunfire in the distance.
We require no assistance.
This is kind of a special circumstance.
I'll give you half my allowance.
Tom will have a chance to prove his innocence.
Tom told Mary that she should get rid of the evidence.
Tom got rid of the evidence.
I've discovered new evidence.
Tom was on the fence.
Tom placed the ladder against the fence.
I can't have this on my conscience.
Tom wanted an audience.
It was a very pleasurable experience.
That hasn't been my experience.
Tom, someday I'll reward you for all your patience.
There was a dead silence.
There was dead silence.
There was an awkward silence.
A gruff voice broke the silence.
Tom broke the silence.
There was a moment of complete silence.
There was complete silence.
There was a brief silence.
There was a long silence.
Tom broke the long silence.
They ate in silence.
They went on eating in silence.
Tom motioned for silence.
Please forgive my impertinence.
I put Tom down as a reference.
I swore I'd make a difference.
That makes all the difference.
Tom never knew the difference.
There's a lot of difference.
What happened is a rare occurrence.
We can't risk them detecting our presence.
Tom isn't questioning your competence.
Tom said Mary was a bad influence.
Tom is a man of considerable influence.
I've been with Tom ever since.
Tom meant a lot to me once.
I know you two had a thing once.
Don't everyone thank me at once.
I must leave Boston at once.
Tom didn't reply at once.
I'll make myself scarce.
I hear the competition is pretty fierce.
The choice has been made.
I respect the decision you made.
The bed is unmade.
I can't continue with this charade.
Tom was held back a grade.
Tom teaches the third grade.
That would help me decide.
You have one minute to decide.
We're investigating a homicide.
I'm not going to let you commit suicide.
Tom clearly has something to hide.
I know all the places to hide.
I've got nowhere left to hide.
You better hide.
I suggest you hide.
Thanks for saving my hide.
We took a ride.
You're in for a bumpy ride.
Mary was such a lovely bride.
Tom seems to be taking things in stride.
You're on the wrong side.
We've got the truth on our side.
The law is on our side.
I'm definitely not on your side.
I'll be right by your side.
I knew you'd take Tom's side.
Look on the bright side.
Hey, Tom, look on the bright side.
The law's on my side.
Tom was right by my side.
Tom is still parked outside.
Now, why don't we continue this conversation outside.
A limo has just pulled up outside.
Tom's eyes opened wide.
Tom opened his eyes wide.
You've got the wrong code.
Tom looks about ready to explode.
That's a very enlightened attitude.
You just need some coffee.
We're going to need some more coffee.
My services are free.
Tom was happy and carefree.
I heartily agree.
I'm hardly in a position to disagree.
Tom can be trusted to some degree.
I'd like to buy something in a size three.
I'll give you to the count of three.
Now you've got all three.
I climbed a tree.
Birds were chirping in the tree.
It's all going to work out, you'll see.
I can see what I need to see.
That's what I like to see.
This I have to see.
It was a sight to see.
Maybe you're seeing what you want to see.
Tom says he sees things that I can't see.
Tell me how many lights you see.
I can only see what you see.
That much I guarantee.
You don't want to do anything to void the guarantee.
We have no guarantee.
I want to get you someplace where I know you'll be safe.
They were safe.
We can't be too safe.
Tom always plays it safe.
I have a life.
I want a life.
I've never worn cowboy boots in my whole life.
You're throwing away your entire life.
I've never been so uncomfortable in my entire life.
I've been preparing for this my entire life.
I don't want to pry into your private life.
Tom is in the prime of life.
I know I haven't lived the model life.
I'm trying to stop you from making the biggest mistake of your life.
That'll cost you your life.
There's been an attempt on Tom's life.
Tom told me the story of his life.
Tom narrowly escapes with his life.
Tom has never missed a day's work in his life.
Tom never had a plan in his life.
Tom was scared for his life.
Tom is fighting for his life.
Tom was also passionate about life.
I want to tell you all about my new life.
You were my life.
I've had the time of my life.
You were the love of my life.
I've just wasted three years of my life.
You're part of my life.
I trust Tom with my life.
I have to go on with my life.
I've tried to get on with my life.
I'd trust you with my life.
I've never seen this woman before in my life.
I've never seen any of you before in my life.
I've never heard so much complaining in my life.
I've never wanted anything so much in my life.
I won't beg for my life.
Tom was armed with a kitchen knife.
I have an understanding wife.
I met the person who killed your wife.
I was so sorry to hear about your wife.
Tom wanted us to investigate the murder of his wife.
Tom is financially dependent on his wife.
Tom wanted to hide the money from his ex-wife.
Tom should know better at his age.
I don't believe in any of that garbage.
I felt like a bird in a cage.
I need to change that bandage.
It's a green card marriage.
I know all about marriage.
Don't worry, there's been no permanent damage.
I think we can manage.
Tom wasn't put in jail for espionage.
Tom drew a line down the middle of the page.
Tom printed out the page.
We're on the same page.
Tom turned another page.
You made the front page.
You don't even have a webpage.
I need you in the garage.
They've increased Tom's dosage.
Tom handed Mary the message.
Call when you get this message.
You've always had an advantage.
I checked the gauge.
I had no such knowledge.
Tom leaned over the bridge.
See if there's juice in the fridge.
Tom tried to open the door, but it wouldn't budge.
You eat like you're still in college.
It's OK to indulge, just don't over indulge.
You said you want to make a change.
I might be ready for a change.
I can feel the change.
Tom was bewildered by the change.
You need to make a real change.
I don't know how easy it'll be to change.
I don't know what you think is going to change.
Some things aren't going to change.
I guess some things aren't going to change.
That's about to change.
That'll never change.
Some things will never change.
It's hard to tell at this range.
Tom is really acting strange.
It feels strange.
It's all very strange.
I know we're about to face a challenge.
Tom rose to the challenge.
Tom is undaunted by the challenge.
I gladly accept your challenge.
I'll take that challenge.
It's a question of who's in charge.
The group was too large.
Tom's killer is still at large.
Tom is suffering from a headache.
Tom had a bad headache.
Save yourself the headache.
I had a severe headache.
I had a splitting headache.
Tom walks like a zombie.
When Tom died, I wanted to die.
You should be the one to die.
Tom told me they're all going to die.
Tom said I was going to die.
Tom knew he was going to die.
I couldn't leave Tom to die.
No one else needs to die.
Nobody deserves to die.
That would be a terrible way to die.
Tell anyone about this and you die.
We're not about to let you die.
Tom is a tough cookie.
Tom is one tough cookie.
You're one sharp cookie.
That would be a lie.
I can't tell a lie.
That's a stinking lie.
That's no lie.
No one's asking you to lie.
Tom is a sweetie pie.
I don't need a tie.
I don't have a favorite tie.
I wouldn't be caught dead wearing that tie.
Tom ripped off his bow tie.
Tom is nuttier than a fruitcake.
Tom is as nutty as a fruitcake.
Tom won't get a fair shake.
They're hard to make.
I wonder what I should do with all the money I'm about to make.
We'll support any decision you make.
It's a risk we're prepared to take.
It's a risk we're all prepared to take.
It's a risk I'm prepared to take.
There's too much at stake.
I don't have to tell you what's at stake.
You were a mistake.
I can see how you might've made that mistake.
It's an honest mistake.
It was an honest mistake.
That was an honest mistake.
Tell Tom to take a hike.
That's the part I like.
I can do that if you'd like.
I know exactly what it's like.
Tom just wanted to see what it was like.
Tom says he didn't know what it was like.
I don't care what Tom looks like.
That's the part I don't like.
That's what Tom does to those he doesn't like.
I can make a call if you like.
I can do that if you like.
I can look at that if you like.
Tom treats everything like a joke.
It's Tom's idea of a joke.
Tell me this is a joke.
Tom laughed at the joke.
My life is like a sick joke.
This is somebody's sick joke.
Tom had a minor stroke.
It was a fluke.
Tom looks like he's about to puke.
Tom was very pale.
I think we made a sale.
Tom's reputation is impeccable.
That is unavoidable.
I think that's understandable.
I do think this is understandable.
It's unique and irreplaceable.
I've done something unforgivable.
Tom seems approachable.
It was unthinkable.
There isn't one available.
Ask Tom to make himself available.
Have Tom join me when he's available.
I know someone who's available.
It seems perfectly reasonable.
Tom slumped against the wall, exhausted and miserable.
Tom is sitting on a park bench, looking miserable.
It's admirable.
Tom's loyalty is admirable.
They say it's incurable.
I don't need a table.
Tom placed some cups of tea on the table.
Tom is lying on the table.
Tom left the book on the table.
Tom examined the objects on the table.
Tom is sitting at his usual table.
I need your help clearing this table.
Get that off my table.
Tom tends to be unpredictable.
It might be profitable.
I was just being hospitable.
That's very hospitable.
If anything happens, I'm accountable.
I can make them more comfortable.
Tom tried to make himself comfortable.
I only wanted to make you comfortable.
It made me uncomfortable.
It was rather uncomfortable.
Tom is extremely unstable.
This story you're telling is unbelievable.
That meal was incredible.
Tom's voice was hardly audible.
You're not so horrible.
The whiskey was horrible.
I won't quit until we find out who's responsible.
Tom was responsible.
I wanted to find who was responsible.
Tom knows there's only one course of action possible.
Tell me how that's possible.
I guess theoretically it's possible.
I want to put all this behind me as soon as possible.
I want to show it to Tom as soon as possible.
I want a full evaluation as soon as possible.
I'd like to get under way as soon as possible.
A great deal more is possible.
I've done everything humanly possible.
It'd be impossible.
That'd be impossible.
Tom is always trying to do the impossible.
Tom says we're not compatible.
Tom drives some sort of little white convertible.
Tom was irresistible.
I'll make yours a double.
I thought I'd save you the trouble.
I'll save you the trouble.
Tom isn't going to give us any more trouble.
I'm in desperate trouble.
Tom didn't give me an ounce of trouble.
I can tell you've gone to a lot of trouble.
You don't want to get in trouble.
Tom, assure me there's going to be no trouble.
Tom realized he was in deep trouble.
You shouldn't go looking for trouble.
Call if there's trouble.
Don't go to all this trouble.
I always expect trouble.
In my profession, I always expect trouble.
Tom knew this meant trouble.
It's been nothing but trouble.
I hope we don't run into any trouble.
Call me if there's any trouble.
I don't think Tom will give us any trouble.
You and I both know you were the one who stole Tom's bicycle.
Tom hopped on his motorcycle.
I have to skedaddle.
Tom turned the handle.
It cost me a bundle.
Tom tossed Mary a rifle.
Tom made a grab for the rifle.
There's no sign of a struggle.
Tom's life has been a struggle.
Tom disappeared into the jungle.
Tom was an imbecile.
Let me have the file.
Tom went through the file.
We like to keep a low profile.
Tom waited a while.
That could take a while.
I know it's been a while.
Give yourself a break once in a while.
Tom continued after a while.
Tom has obviously been dead for a while.
I'm going to ask you to stay around for a while.
Tom is going to crash here for a while.
It was touch-and-go there for a while.
Tom has obviously been listening for a while.
Tom pondered the question for a while.
I thought we could hang out in Boston for a while.
I want you to get out of town for a while.
Tom has been stalking Mary for a while.
Tom has been at it a while.
It just might take Tom a little while.
I do remember you were in Boston for a short while.
Tom didn't crack a smile.
Tom tried to muster a smile.
I make you smile.
You need to shut your pie hole.
Tom peeked out the peephole.
I hope you like tuna noodle casserole.
It was quite simple.
The process is simple.
Let's make this simple.
It's never that simple.
It's all very simple.
Let's settle down, people.
You have your orders, people.
I know how to read people.
Tom has murdered three people.
We're reasonable people.
You're frightening these people.
I take care of people.
I can't sing in front of people.
What happened to Tom happens to a lot of people.
I don't like upsetting people.
I enjoy communicating with people.
I became a lawyer to help people.
Tom knows how to help people.
You have more restraint than most people.
I just never will understand you people.
Tom is surrounded by people.
These are my people.
I didn't make you a cripple.
We make quite a couple.
You guys make such a cute couple.
You guys are such a cute couple.
You two make such an attractive couple.
You guys make a very attractive couple.
I don't need a whistle.
I'm clean as a whistle.
I won't blow the whistle.
Tom turned off the boiling kettle.
We have some things to settle.
Tom stiffened a little.
Tom stammered a little.
It scares me a little.
Tom drew back a little.
I want you to pitch in a little.
I thought we could catch up a little.
We all need to lighten up a little.
Tom quickly hid the bottle.
I'll take the bottle.
You almost had me.
I've chosen you to succeed me.
I have patients who need me.
I'll be close by if you need me.
I don't know why you can't admit that you need me.
You knew that when you married me.
You've already thanked me.
You already thanked me.
I still wouldn't know if Tom hadn't called me.
You could've fooled me.
It bothered me.
I know why you've contacted me.
I don't know how they spotted me.
Tom immediately recognized me.
We never had much in common, you and me.
This isn't about you and me.
Say you understand me.
I'm more than willing to put it behind me.
Don't say that name around me.
You don't have to tiptoe around me.
They must not have heard me.
I don't know why it always has to be me.
I'm really glad you can see me.
I don't think Tom was particularly pleased to see me.
You're the one that wanted to see me.
I just want to make you as happy as you want to make me.
You're just a thief like me.
I already know that Tom doesn't like me.
Tom is trying to provoke me.
If I don't get to Boston for the convention, my boss will fire me.
That's why you should hire me.
Tom was the manager before me.
You don't have to lecture me.
You're attempting to confuse me.
I used to dream about you coming to save me.
I need someone to believe me.
I need you to believe me.
I can only hope that in time you'll forgive me.
Don't tell me this doesn't involve me.
I just want Tom to love me.
That's why you love me.
You can owe me.
That's another one you owe me.
You don't need to patronize me.
You don't have to patronize me.
I had my whole life ahead of me.
Tom never acted like he was ashamed of me.
I guess you've heard of me.
You said you want to take care of me.
It was selfish of me.
I know what people think of me.
Just stay in front of me.
You haven't heard the last of me.
They wormed it out of me.
I want you to know I appreciate your recommending me.
Thanks for asking me.
That's what they have been telling me.
Thanks for telling me.
Thanks for not telling me.
One thing's bothering me.
Stop protecting me.
Tom made a point of visiting me.
Stop tormenting me.
They can't touch me.
Tom, don't play dumb with me.
I know you must be frustrated with me.
You don't have to pretend with me.
Your secret will die with me.
I can make any woman fall in love with me.
Maybe something's wrong with me.
That's totally cool with me.
I don't know why you have a problem with me.
You can be completely open with me.
I brought my gun with me.
Please bear with me.
You have every reason to be upset with me.
Don't toy with me.
Don't try to sweet talk me.
Tom is a fool, if you ask me.
I really wish you'd call me.
That's what people call me.
I think you may as well tell me.
That's what my doctors tell me.
You're the expert, so you tell me.
I want you to find what Tom took from me.
Nothing can be hidden from me.
Tom hid things from me.
You didn't hear that from me.
Move away from me.
You can't take that away from me.
Don't expect any mercy from me.
I had a father who believed in me.
No one believes in me.
Tom has never laid a hand on me.
It'll be on me.
Tom took a chance on me.
Don't you dare bail on me.
Tom threatened to tell on me.
Tom sometimes drops in on me.
Don't you give up on me.
The cab ride's on me.
My mind must be playing tricks on me.
Maybe my memories are playing tricks on me.
I know you're holding out on me.
You've been holding out on me.
Don't you pass out on me.
You should've come and talked to me.
That's not how it looked to me.
This isn't unlike what happened to me.
Tom turned to me.
You're so attracted to me.
Tom has been a good friend to me.
Tom was once a very good friend to me.
It wouldn't kill you to be nice to me.
One of them spoke to me.
It's good that you came to me.
You didn't have to come to me.
Apologies mean nothing to me.
That may mean nothing to you, but it means everything to me.
Tom meant everything to me.
I didn't like what Tom was doing to me.
Please come back to me.
It's all coming back to me.
You'll talk to me.
Stand up when you talk to me.
It would mean a great deal to me.
Now you listen to me.
That's of no concern to me.
Tom made himself known to me.
You seem real familiar to me.
Tom has been a good father to me.
This isn't fair to me.
They did things to me.
I'm not sure you realize how important Tom is to me.
I'm just glad it wasn't you who did this to me.
You're precious to me.
Hey, you can't say that to me.
I'm not going to let Tom get to me.
I'm not letting it get to me.
You're a valuable asset to me.
You still have to prove it to me.
That used to mean a lot to me.
Your being here means a lot to me.
That may mean nothing to you, but it means a lot to me.
That really meant a lot to me.
Tom has been a great comfort to me.
Tom made a polite bow to me.
I was hoping you had something to say to me.
I don't know what got into me.
Tom is sure to try and stop me.
You might just be able to stop me.
I would hate to have a disease named after me.
They named the library after me.
Cut up my food for me.
You know Mondays are hard for me.
Tom knew it would be too hard for me.
You might put in a word for me.
That goes double for me.
This isn't a good time for me.
I wish Tom had more time for me.
Tom was there for me.
I need you to set up a meeting for me.
I knew you'd come through for me.
You're such a role model for me.
See, that's going to be a problem for me.
Tom has got it in for me.
You asked me what you could do for me.
Tom is covering up for me.
I need you to open the door for me.
I really can't thank you enough that you're doing this for me.
I'm not telling you to do this for me.
You always made my decisions for me.
I can't believe you would do that for me.
You have no respect for me.
Don't ruin it for me.
That's what worries me.
I can't tell you how glad that makes me.
I can't tell you how sad that makes me.
I can't tell you how pleased that makes me.
I can't tell you how happy that makes me.
I can't tell you how unhappy that makes me.
I can't tell you how angry that makes me.
That's what troubles me.
His name escapes me.
Tom intrigues me.
Tom is the only one who loves me.
That's what concerns me.
That's what bothers me.
You don't have to impress me.
I think Tom suspects me.
I'll kill the first one who disobeys me.
You have to look at me.
Tom looked up at me.
Everybody yells at me.
Tom looked straight at me.
Tom looked right at me.
I know you have reason to doubt me.
When Tom was alive, he could protect me.
Tom is lying to protect me.
Tom is out to get me.
I guess you've caught me.
You knew exactly where to hit me.
You still manage to disappoint me.
Tom was going to shoot me.
I don't need you to support me.
I knew you couldn't hurt me.
I won't let you hurt me.
You made it personal against me.
You've lost me.
I just need you to trust me.
I had to make you trust me.
You have the wrong idea about me.
I didn't know that Tom talked about me.
I never even knew you cared about me.
I never knew you cared about me.
You said some nice things about me.
I know all of you have doubts about me.
You couldn't live without me.
Tom was going to betray me.
You're foolish to think you can defy me.
That's not why I came.
I needed you and you came.
Remember that this isn't a game.
I'm here for the card game.
You're intentionally throwing the game.
You can't watch the game.
Tom is sure that he'll win the game.
We have ourselves a whole new ball game.
I know chess isn't really your game.
I know darts isn't really your game.
Tom is definitely off his game.
I'm really tired of this game.
I think Tom would be a good name.
I'd like to be able to tell people my real name.
That's not my real name.
I really like it when you say my name.
You can't give yourself a nickname.
Tom really needs a better nickname.
We'll never be the same.
In my place, Tom would've done the same.
It doesn't look the same.
It's just not the same.
I know all about your little scheme.
They're investigating a crime.
I'm here to report a crime.
Tom was never convicted of the crime.
Tom must pay the price for his crime.
I've been charged with a serious crime.
Tom was happy for a time.
Please let me answer one question at a time.
At least somebody is having a good time.
Tom seems to have had a very hard time.
I guess I could've made the time.
We'll make the time.
Tom laughed all the time.
Love happens in the workplace all the time.
I have to watch them all the time.
I can't be watching Tom all the time.
You tell me that all the time.
If anyone wants to surrender, now's the time.
Now isn't the time.
I wasn't aware of that at the time.
You need to make time.
Tom does this every single time.
Tom has been way ahead of me the whole time.
I've wanted to tell you this for some time.
I can't afford to waste any more time.
Tom wants us to move up our departure time.
I'm afraid you've arrived in Boston at a most unfortunate time.
I don't think I have that kind of time.
I don't think we have that kind of time.
Tom just didn't have a lot of time.
I owe you big time.
It's quitting time.
You and I go back a long time.
I haven't heard that particular saying in a long time.
I've been after them for a long time.
I won't be back this way for a long time.
Tom has been in there an awfully long time.
Tom has been around a very long time.
Tom was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
That still doesn't give us much time.
We'll never get one here in time.
I really did love Tom at one point in time.
I'll see to it that we complete this project on time.
We should be there in no time.
I'll be checking your progress from time to time.
I'm sorry, but we're rushed for time.
Tom is still stalling for time.
Tom was playing for time.
I was just playing for time.
I'm just advising you not to waste your time.
I'll let you know when it's time.
Tom has really outdone himself this time.
We don't require assistance at this time.
You're losing precious time.
I couldn't talk on the phone at that time.
Tom might have been sleeping at that time.
I didn't know what it meant at that time.
It's the right time.
I've been lied to by Tom for the last time.
There's always a first time.
I don't think you heard me the first time.
It's not my first time.
There isn't going to be a next time.
It was before my time.
You're seriously wasting my time.
I've given a speech or two in my time.
I imagine that's what's going to happen every time.
We should talk sometime.
You need some downtime.
There's more to come.
You better come.
Tom would be happy to know you've finally come.
I came to give you a ride home.
Welcome to our humble home.
I need to come home.
I just want to get everyone home.
Find Tom and bring him home.
I can at least take Tom home.
I've got to get Tom home.
Tom told the cop he had just gotten home.
You're not even safe in your own home.
Tom hinted very strongly that he wanted to go home.
It's too close to home.
I've got a child at home.
Tom saw a light on in the house and figured someone was at home.
You can finish it at home.
Have a safe journey home.
Tom is indeed quite handsome.
There are some who would consider Tom handsome.
You're looking extraordinarily handsome.
You're getting very tiresome.
That's going to look good on my resume.
Tom was wearing a Superman costume.
Somebody sabotaged this plane.
I thought you were probably insane.
Tom was sentenced to life in a prison for the criminally insane.
Tom was pronounced dead on the scene.
Tom uncorked the champagne.
I don't know anything about cocaine.
I paid a fine.
That'd be fine.
They're going to be fine.
I think we're fine.
Hang in there, Tom. You're doing fine.
I'm sure it will all work out fine.
That's hard to imagine.
I know more than you could possibly imagine.
Tom put the documents through the shredding machine.
It's your reputation that's on the line.
I'm sorry, I know I was out of line.
That'll keep Tom in line.
We're trying to see who can come up with the best pick up line.
I'll never get used to skyrocketing prices for gasoline.
It's going to be mine.
That exact same thing happened to a good friend of mine.
That very thing happened to a good friend of mine.
Tom Jackson was a boyhood hero of mine.
The pleasure's mine.
I've got mine.
Just so we're clear, that was Tom's idea, not mine.
I'm under quarantine.
I'm sure you already know the routine.
Tom never varies his routine.
Tom tasted the wine.
Tom prefers red wine to white wine.
I never really cared for white wine.
Tom took a drink from a bottle of wine.
Tom took another swig of wine.
Tom was relaxing, drinking a glass of wine.
Tom is sitting at the table, drinking wine.
I didn't even know that you had one.
You're an odd one.
I know a good divorce lawyer if you need one.
You're the married one.
Have a good one.
Tom thought Mary was the weird one.
You're the strange one.
I'm the insane one.
We're going back to square one.
It's back to square one.
I could use one.
It's a tough one.
You're the cool one.
Tom knew no one.
The odds are two to one.
You can't handle another one.
Tom's a clever one.
I need a new extension cord like this one.
Every day won't all be like this one.
I don't think there's any way out of this one.
Let's try it with this one.
Tom isn't budging on this one.
You really lucked out on this one.
Let me be your plus one.
Tom's not quite sure of that one.
We can't do anything with that one.
Tom really came through on that one.
You can sleep on that one.
I was wrong about that one.
Your path is a difficult one.
Tom's path is a difficult one.
I can only guess that you must want one.
I totally owe you one.
I'll run out and get you one.
You told me I was the only one.
I'm the crazy one.
It's almost time for planting and there's a lot left to be done.
I finally have the strength to do what must be done.
Tom is asking if we're done.
I don't think you realize what you've done.
Tom, look what you've done.
I could kill you for what you've done.
It's the best thing Tom has ever done.
The deal is done.
Tom was there for me when I really needed someone.
I think I just heard someone.
I think Tom might be seeing someone.
They were gone.
Tom looks pretty far gone.
I want to know who used to live here and where he's gone.
The magic is gone.
The truck is gone.
I just can't believe Tom is gone.
I need you gone.
Tom groggily answered the phone.
Tom is on the bed, talking on the phone.
Tom is in his bedroom talking on the phone.
Get me Tom on the phone.
We can't get Tom on the phone.
Tom left a detailed message on Mary's cell phone.
Tom went over to the telephone.
Tom was glad to be alone.
It's better to be alone.
Tom might arrive alone.
I'm so alone.
I don't think I care for your tone.
I had a kidney stone.
Tom never killed anyone.
Tom would kill me if I told anyone.
I've never been violent toward anyone.
This will hardly convince anyone.
I always thought I could work with anyone.
Tom still hasn't made eye contact with anyone.
I'm not trying to trick anyone.
Tom didn't dare tell anyone.
Tom never raised a hand to anyone.
Tom isn't the sort to apologize to anyone.
If you can talk to Tom, you can talk to anyone.
Tom lives in seclusion and rarely sees anyone.
We're not asking that you betray anyone.
Just sit tight, everyone.
These are just routine questions we ask everyone.
I believe that there is one perfect person out there for everyone.
I don't want to ruin the evening for everyone.
Tom is well-liked by everyone.
Tom was walking down the street, whistling a tune.
Tom was smart enough to escape.
I know Tom isn't in very good shape.
Tom is wearing a stethoscope.
You don't look like a dope.
Someone told you I was coming, I hope.
It's our one hope.
I had one last hope.
You were our last hope.
You're our best hope.
It might be our only hope.
It may be your only hope.
I'm your only hope.
Tom cautiously opened the envelope.
You must admit this would present quite a slippery slope.
Tom is at the end of his rope.
I know the type.
We are what we are.
Don't tell me what my responsibilities are.
You know what our instructions are.
I can sense how worried you are.
Tom isn't in the same place you are.
I'm trying to figure it out just like you are.
We're ready to go if you are.
I'm ready to go if you are.
I accept you for who you are.
I can see how upset you are.
I can sense how upset you are.
You don't know how right you are.
I can sense how angry you are.
Tell us where they are.
I wish I could tell you who they are.
I don't think they're who they say they are.
Tom's feet were bare.
You can walk for all I care.
You're going to require care.
It's safe to say they don't much care.
I believe you do care.
Tom is under a doctor's care.
Tell me why you care.
There was a bomb scare.
I'm not living on welfare.
We all have secrets we'd prefer not to share.
Tom gave Mary an icy glare.
Living with you would be a nightmare.
What happened to Tom was a nightmare.
Tom gave Mary an icy stare.
You won, fair and square.
Tom wasn't the only survivor of the massacre.
I'm sure Tom is quite sincere.
I have nothing to add here.
When I die, I want to be buried here.
Hey, I'm practically naked here.
Nothing like that ever happened here.
Tell Tom everything that happened here.
I want guards posted here.
We've got one rule around here.
I don't want Tom coming around here.
People are trying to eat around here.
I never thought I'd be here.
It's not safe for me to be here.
You don't want to do anything to remind them that you're not really old enough to be here.
It's way too dangerous for us to be here.
You're ruining what could be the most important night of my life here.
I like the people here.
You have many different kinds of people here.
We're on a very tight schedule here.
Tom was the reason why I came here.
That's why we came here.
I don't think we're welcome here.
You're way out of line here.
Listen, Tom can't know you're here.
I like the friendly atmosphere here.
You're playing with fire.
It's important to look at the big picture here.
You're no less a victim than anyone else here.
I don't know how to behave here.
I happen to live here.
I'll let you off here.
I'm busting out of here.
Let's try and get Tom out of here.
I want Tom out of here.
I can get us out of here.
I need your help to get out of here.
I can get you out of here.
I'm getting a bad feeling here.
That's what I'm doing here.
I can't believe what I'm hearing here.
I'm perfectly comfortable waiting here.
I'm waiting here.
You're out of your depth here.
You can't be back here.
You go and get Tom and then come back here.
I'm going to ask you to leave and not come back here.
I can't hear myself think here.
Tom said you could work here.
You don't have to be crazy to work here.
We're not in control here.
I suspect you know why I'm here.
I'm the victim here.
You won't believe the view from here.
People are trying to sleep in here.
I hope there's plenty of air in here.
I hope there's enough air in here.
You two get in here.
I'm very busy in here.
I'm starting to get a picture of what's going on here.
It's pretty clear what's going on here.
Something very strange is going on here.
I don't know what you think is going on here.
You can't be down here.
Maybe you should come down here.
You don't have to sleep down here.
There's nothing more Tom can do here.
There must be somebody else up here.
I'm burning up here.
I'm up here.
It's lovely up here.
Tom is the floor manager here.
You're not a prisoner here.
The door's over here.
Let's have another round of beers over here.
Tom, look who's here.
I didn't think you'd come while Tom was here.
I'm not comfortable discussing this here.
We're the victims here.
I'm trying to get you to focus here.
I came by last night, but you weren't here.
I don't know what you're getting at here.
It took you long enough to get here.
I've got proof right here.
I just happen to have a contract right here.
I get the feeling something's not right here.
You don't get to sit here.
We're in the middle of an argument here.
That's how I got here.
If you're looking for Tom, he's not here.
I'm in a bit of a tight spot here.
I think Tom slept here.
Let's be honest here.
It's not just here.
Thanks for letting us hang out here.
We can work something out here.
That's why I called you here.
I'm of no use to you here.
I think there's a place for you here.
I've got something for you here.
That's why I brought you here.
I'm dead if I stay here.
Your lives are in danger if you stay here.
We're in uncharted territory here.
I'm sensing a little hostility here.
You're not a good enough pilot to be able to land there.
Tom just stood there.
Name the time and place, and I'll be there.
Tom never bothered to tell Mary that he wasn't going to be there.
I must be there.
Tom just left me there.
Evidence will show Tom was the only one there.
Tell me you're there.
You have to get out of there.
Tom is anxious to get out of there.
Sorry, I didn't see you standing there.
There was something there.
You really had me going there.
It's just sitting there.
I know you're back there.
Tom won't even know I'm there.
I can rent a boat from there.
Thanks, Tom. I'll take it from there.
Let's see what they have and we'll take it from there.
I knew I had been there.
I don't know what came over me in there.
Don't make me come in there.
It's all in there.
I know you're still in there.
I don't like Tom in there.
I have to see who's in there.
We almost bought it in there.
Hey, you can't sleep there.
You never know who might need something up there.
I didn't make it up there.
Tom's fiancée was there.
That's why I was there.
Tom peeked into Mary's room, but she wasn't there.
I just don't see why we have to eat there.
I'll let you know when I get there.
I don't know how that got there.
We were almost there.
You were almost there.
That was a good thing that just happened out there.
You did pretty good out there.
I wanted to see if there really was someone out there.
We can't send Tom out there.
It's a scorcher out there.
There are wolves out there.
I didn't even see you there.
I can get you there.
You wouldn't last a day there.
Everyone has to be somewhere.
Everybody has to be somewhere.
I've got to be somewhere.
I've got to draw the line somewhere.
I knew you'd be lurking around here somewhere.
It's in here somewhere.
It had to come from somewhere.
I'm sure I know him from somewhere.
Tom has got it all written down somewhere.
Tom's mind was elsewhere.
Tom's mind is elsewhere.
Tom was in the middle of nowhere.
I don't seem to be going anywhere.
It's clear Tom isn't going anywhere.
Just put them anywhere.
There was no sign of Tom anywhere.
I can work from anywhere.
I'm never going to go anywhere.
I can't do it just anywhere.
They seem to be everywhere.
Tom knows the cops are everywhere.
I've been looking everywhere.
We have branches everywhere.
I was at home the night of the fire.
Tom was burned to death in the fire.
Tom tended to the fire.
Your garbage can is on fire.
Tom is a new hire.
Tom began to perspire.
We could have anything our hearts desire.
I was asked to wear a wire.
We know the score.
I've been down that road before.
Tom looks thinner than he did before.
I've never had to deal with the police before.
Tom never mentioned any of this to me before.
That wasn't here before.
I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before.
I've seen that look before.
Tom has heard it all before.
I've never seen Tom with a girl before.
You never told me about Tom before.
I'll work even harder than before.
After Tom wiped the table with a dirty rag, it looked dirtier than before.
I never thought along those lines before.
Tom has been in tight spots before.
You should've thought of that before.
I'm trying to figure out where we met before.
It's not like I haven't heard it before.
I don't know why I didn't see it before.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone try it before.
I've never had a beer in the middle of the day before.
I've never been on a jury before.
I guess I was expecting a little more.
There's nothing that would please me more.
I needed something more.
Tom and Mary were friends, nothing more.
Tom could say nothing more.
Tom could do no more.
Tom could say no more.
I have a lot more.
I had to know more.
I've been here thirteen days, possibly more.
They don't want to lose any more.
It's not safe for Tom to be around me anymore.
I don't practice medicine anymore.
I don't think we're welcome around here anymore.
I can't help myself anymore.
I just don't find Tom that exciting anymore.
I can't stand lying anymore.
Tom isn't holding anything back anymore.
I can barely sleep at all anymore.
You have nothing to fear anymore.
I don't think we can see each other anymore.
I don't think we're right for each other anymore.
Tom won't lie for you anymore.
I don't know how to be happy anymore.
Tom was impossible to ignore.
Tom swore.
Tom was insecure.
A tonsillectomy is a very simple procedure.
I don't need the brochure.
Tom told me the project had been a failure.
I needed to be sure.
This is an unexpected pleasure.
I don't believe I've had the pleasure.
Tom has a forgiving nature.
It doesn't exist in nature.
Tom isn't a suspicious person by nature.
The contract doesn't yet have their signature.
Tom just asked me to take your temperature.
Let's not paint too pretty a picture.
I think you're missing the big picture.
Tom has an enormous appetite for adventure.
Tom says he can see into the future.
I think they want to destroy the base.
The opposite is the case.
Tom is obviously a mental case.
I'll make an exception in your case.
Tom is carrying a briefcase.
Don't leave me again, please.
Tom aims to please.
Tom examined the new purchase.
Tom is just going through a phase.
I always like wine and cheese.
I wanted to bring you these.
We're not at war with the Japanese.
Let's go for Chinese.
I needed the exercise.
Tom never failed to keep his promise.
It's a reasonable compromise.
Tom made a noise.
I don't know how you can put up with all this noise.
Tom feigned surprise.
Receiving a gift from you was an unexpected surprise.
That was a fun surprise.
Tom showed no surprise.
Tom's face showed his surprise.
I suppose I'll just have to improvise.
Tom couldn't get a word in edgewise.
You shouldn't feel compelled to do otherwise.
The charges were false.
Tom was killed someplace else.
I thought you'd found someone else.
I thought you had found someone else.
Tom realized that Mary must be seeing someone else.
I thought you were seeing someone else.
I think you've confused me with someone else.
I wouldn't tell that to anyone else.
I won't discuss this with you or anyone else.
You have the same chance as everyone else.
Tom couldn't go anywhere else.
You're destined for something else.
Maybe they came for something else.
Let me tell you something else.
I'll tell you something else.
You can come, but don't tell anybody else.
I hated Tom more than anybody else.
It'd make sense.
I like things to make sense.
That makes a good deal of sense.
It made a lot of sense.
That makes a lot of sense.
Tom is devoid of common sense.
It's just common sense.
That's just common sense.
That'd make sense.
Tom just wasn't making any sense.
Nothing that's happened here makes any sense.
Tom was talking nonsense.
I'm not going to listen to any more of this nonsense.
The mood is tense.
The crew is tense.
Tom made no response.
I've got many of those.
Tom was paid to lose.
There's not a moment to lose.
That was too close.
Boy that was close.
Tom held Mary close.
That's not very close.
It's too risky to fight them at a place they choose.
It's coming loose.
Tom is about the same age as you, I suppose.
Tom thinks you're doing it on purpose.
You're as pale as a corpse.
Tom started the car and put it in reverse.
You're backing the wrong horse.
You're timing couldn't have been worse.
It just gets worse.
I've made it worse.
It only got worse.
Hey, I could do a lot worse.
I suppose I could do a lot worse.
It can't possibly get any worse.
There's no third course.
You're free to go, of course.
We're here tonight for a good cause.
Give yourselves a round of applause.
I really can't refuse.
Tom heard sounds in the house.
We're giving you the house.
We have a warrant to search your house.
I eventually located Tom's house.
Tom parked the truck in front of Mary's house.
Tom won't allow dogs in his house.
Don't just show up at my house.
Tom knows his way around the courthouse.
That's open to debate.
I'm playing the devil's advocate.
I don't need a date.
I had no idea you were on a date.
Tom set me up on a date.
I didn't ask you on a date.
Tom is dressed for a date.
Tom told me you had a blind date.
I just want to have a normal date.
You'd better bring Tom up to date.
Tom considers himself a worthy candidate.
Tom is resigned to his fate.
I will accept my fate.
Tom exited through the gate.
I just don't feel it's appropriate.
I don't think any of this is appropriate.
It's just not appropriate.
It was totally inappropriate.
They stayed late.
I guess Tom is running late.
That could be too late.
Tom was too late.
That was why I was late.
Tom didn't mention the reason he was late.
Tom was hours late.
I'm still running a little bit late.
Tell Tom I'm sorry I made you late.
Wow, it's really late.
I don't need a plate.
You've got a lot on your plate.
Tom has got other things on his plate.
Tom might not have been so fortunate.
We have a lot to celebrate.
Tom was so considerate.
I know how you operate.
Tom is clearly frustrated and desperate.
It's hard to tell who's more desperate.
I grew desperate.
Tom isn't illiterate.
I have a friend in real estate.
Tom lives on his country estate.
You have the body of an athlete.
My happiness is complete.
Tom is all bark and no bite.
It's never black and white.
It's not always black and white.
It's not black and white.
Half the suspects were white.
I'm sick of white.
I feel like a hypocrite.
Tom glanced at the note.
I came because of something you wrote.
I call for a vote.
I'd like to remind everyone to vote.
I'm not changing my vote.
Tom has excellent taste.
Tom paused to have a cigarette.
Tom lit another cigarette.
You're incredibly cute.
That was very cute.
They should be out in a minute.
Now you just hold on for a minute.
Tom collects his thoughts for a minute.
I don't believe that for a minute.
Tom is growing more concerned by the minute.
Tom is getting more scared by the minute.
Come downstairs right this minute.
Someone could walk in here any minute.
There's one born every minute.
There's no substitute.
I don't think Tom is coming to our rescue.
You're way out of my league.
That's a little vague.
Tom knows he's in no position to argue.
Tom is in no position to argue.
Tom is in the morgue.
That was the first clue.
It just can't be true.
The rumors are true.
I know it sounds crazy, but I swear it's true.
But that isn't true.
That simply isn't true.
That's not totally true.
That wasn't exactly true.
You're ducking the issue.
Tom knows this is a sensitive issue.
It's not just a safety issue.
I don't need a tissue.
Tom appeared from the cave.
Tom led the way into the cave.
I hope you're not asking me to leave.
Tom made no move to leave.
I'm going to ask you both to leave.
I see no reason for us to leave.
I must ask you to leave.
I don't know what I have.
Let's be content with what we have.
I'll be happy to discuss any problem you might have.
That's not a choice you have.
I can predict how Tom will behave.
I'm not Tom's slave.
Tom placed the flowers on Mary's grave.
Let's save the ones we can save.
I don't know what I believe.
You're really good at make believe.
I know it must be hard to believe.
I don't know why that's hard to believe.
I know what I'd like to believe.
Please tell me you're not that naive.
Something has to give.
Tom doesn't have a lot to give.
I'll remember you as long as I live.
Studies have shown that the less people eat, the longer they live.
You shouldn't still be alive.
I'll bet we're the luckiest people alive.
That's why I'm still alive.
I need Tom alive.
I've never felt so alive.
At least we know Tom is alive.
Tom will eat you alive.
It's a bad time to be impulsive.
I've never done anything impulsive.
Tom is naturally a little defensive.
We must take the offensive.
Go on the offensive.
I think you might be too aggressive.
Tom's resume's impressive.
Tom is obedient, almost submissive.
Tom's very effusive.
I have a lot of initiative.
I just don't find you that attractive.
It gives you a unique perspective.
I think you've lost your perspective.
Tom was always secretive.
Tom is being held captive.
I've always fought to survive.
I think we need to replace the valve.
We've only got one problem yet to solve.
It's good to be in love.
I'm definitely falling in love.
It's the price we pay for love.
I just want to feel your love.
Tom is wearing a baseball glove.
It's a good move.
That's a good move.
Tom is on the move.
This is the right move.
I can barely move.
Tom is making soup on the stove.
You've got a lot of nerve.
I borrowed money from the company's cash reserve.
The time has come to say goodbye.
Tom can only see out of one eye.
It doesn't just happen in the blink of an eye.
Tom didn't even bat an eye.
Tom glanced at Mary out of the corner of his eye.
Tom has a patch over his left eye.
I told you the interview would be a breeze.
I want you to meet my new squeeze.
You've got to apologize.
Tom made no effort to apologize.
I came by to apologize.
Tom might at least apologize.
You know me better than you realize.
I need you more than you can possibly realize.
You're the one who's tone deaf.
Tom was gagged with a handkerchief.
Tom blew his nose in a handkerchief.
Tom coughed into his handkerchief.
Tom seemed to be up to some mischief.
Tom shook his head in disbelief.
Everyone stared at Tom in disbelief.
Tom narrowed his eyes in disbelief.
This is such a relief.
Tom sighed with relief.
Tom's face showed his relief.
I'll make this brief.
I'll make this very brief.
It would be dangerous to go too near the edge of the cliff.
Tom began to sniff.
I hear the competition is pretty stiff.
Tom is pretty bad off.
Tom stormed off.
They shoved off.
I think we'd better be off.
Call your people off.
Tom's classmates are goofing off.
Tom couldn't help showing off.
You ticked them off.
Tom was definitely bought off.
Tom is still reluctant to call it off.
Tom might be able to pull it off.
Tom will be all right once he sleeps it off.
I didn't rip you off.
They blew you off.
You were told to lay off.
I like to sleep in the buff.
I'm not really into that kind of stuff.
Tom's desk is covered with stuff.
This is emotional stuff.
I see you haven't forgotten your stuff.
You know your stuff.
I need help with this stuff.
That's your half.
Tom braced himself.
Tom could've kicked himself.
Tom helped himself.
Tom cursed himself.
Tom hated himself.
Tom tried to prepare himself.
Tom took a breath and tried to compose himself.
Tom took a moment to compose himself.
Tom was ashamed of himself.
Tom was sure of himself.
Tom seems very full of himself.
Tom was defending himself.
Tom looks pleased with himself.
Tom is looking very pleased with himself.
Tom's very pleased with himself.
Tom seems very pleased with himself.
Tom is going to kill himself.
Tom lost confidence in himself.
Tom couldn't contain himself.
Tom snickered to himself.
Tom has this large room to himself.
Tom can't seem to help himself.
Tom knew he was crossing the line, but he couldn't help himself.
Tom is too weak to look after himself.
Tom said he wished to speak to you himself.
I couldn't just leave Tom there by himself.
You're not so bad yourself.
I liked the way you handled yourself.
You're no prize yourself.
I hope you're proud of yourself.
You must be kicking yourself.
Don't make this harder on yourself.
You can have this room all to yourself.
Just keep to yourself.
You can't help yourself.
Please cover yourself.
Just see for yourself.
You can make it easier for yourself.
You may have to do this yourself.
Just look at yourself.
You even said that yourself.
I'm glad you figured that out yourself.
I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.
The cycle is repeating itself.
You have nothing to fear but fear itself.
Frankly, I'm not sure it really happened myself.
Tom, this is between your father and myself.
I can drive myself.
I have to think of myself.
I was defending myself.
I've only been fooling myself.
I can live with myself.
I haven't been honest with myself.
I don't have to explain myself.
I'm quite capable of explaining the situation myself.
I smiled to myself.
I figured that much out for myself.
I'm going to have to try and handle this myself.
I'm going to handle this myself.
I'm only beginning to understand it myself.
I never really understood it myself.
I can figure it out myself.
I could kill you myself.
I don't know what they're capable of.
Tom doesn't have any enemies I can't think of.
I had a last-minute meeting I couldn't get out of.
Tom was aloof.
I need solid proof.
The cat's already out of the bag.
Mary rummaged through her bag.
Tom is a scumbag.
It's a great gag.
Tom was waving a flag.
Shake a leg.
Tom lost a leg.
Last one in is a rotten egg.
Last one out is a rotten egg.
I knew it was pretty big.
You're a disgusting pig.
You're a lying pig.
They think we're a gang.
Tom needed help with the plumbing.
This is very disturbing.
Tom resumed his pacing.
You'll wear yourself out with all that pacing.
It doesn't look too convincing.
Tom knows where this is heading.
I know where this is leading.
I'm usually better at reading.
I might need some persuading.
I don't know if there's going to be a wedding.
That's quite a secret you've been hiding.
Somebody tried to blow up our office building.
I can't believe you live in that building.
I'm glad we were able to come to an understanding.
I don't require your understanding.
Tom isn't good at pretending.
I've done some bartending.
My ears were pounding.
The alarm started ringing.
Tom makes his living by singing.
Tom could hear steps approaching.
I've done some soul-searching.
Tom's left eye started twitching.
Tom began laughing.
Tom looked so funny that I couldn't help laughing.
You look positively ravishing.
I don't see any reason for rushing.
Tom is capable of doing such a thing.
Tom knew better than to say such a thing.
We'll not tell you a thing.
I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
That's probably a good thing.
Tom felt very uncomfortable about the whole thing.
Tom orchestrated this whole thing.
Anybody else would have done the same thing.
That isn't the same thing.
I could ask you the same thing.
Ask me again and I'll tell you the same thing.
I could say the same thing.
Promise me one thing.
This all adds up to one thing.
We want one thing.
Tom was correct about one thing.
You're right about one thing.
Tom was right about one thing.
I think some people do that kind of thing.
You just said the wrong thing.
There's no such thing.
I didn't do any such thing.
Simulations can't always prepare you for the real thing.
I don't want you to do another thing.
We're just waiting for Tom to do his thing.
You've done a marvelous thing.
It's not too late to do the right thing.
I know it's the right thing.
I think Tom has stopped breathing.
I thought you jury-rigged something.
Tom has indeed found something.
I think we found something.
You said Tom asked you to ask me something.
Tom was trying to tell me something.
You were about to tell me something.
I need you to tell me something.
You are something.
Tom could sense something.
Tom asked if I felt like cooking something.
Don't tell me you weren't doing something.
I feel like I'm forgetting something.
I just want to feel something.
It's got to mean something.
At least we all agree on something.
Tom was munching on something.
I'm on to something.
Tom is obviously distressed over something.
Tom was looking under the couch cushions for something.
I need to confess something.
Maybe that'll tell us something.
Maybe somebody's trying to tell us something.
I'm pretty sure Tom was trying to tell us something.
It might tell us something.
I still think I can get something.
I knew I felt something.
Tell me you've got something.
Tom seems very uncomfortable about something.
I needed to speak to you about something.
I need to speak to you about something.
That should tell you something.
You and I both know you saw something.
Call me when you know something.
I had to say something.
You were about to say something.
Tom is clearly troubled by something.
Tom seems to be puzzled by something.
Tom is perplexed by something.
Tom was dressed in casual clothing.
Tom denied nothing.
The fight had settled nothing.
Tom heard nothing.
Without me, you would be nothing.
We could see nothing.
Tom could see nothing.
They could see nothing.
Tom ate nothing.
We could end up with nothing.
Beyond that, I told Tom nothing.
Tom could do nothing.
I just think you're getting worked up over nothing.
Tom is good for nothing.
I thought you said it was nothing.
I'm sure it was nothing.
Tom has got nothing.
Give a yell if you need anything.
I can call my girlfriend anything.
Give a shout if you see anything.
We're not even sure Tom is guilty of anything.
It's not like we're doing anything.
I'm afraid to touch anything.
Tom hasn't being charged with anything.
Try not to steal anything.
It's too early to tell anything.
Nobody could tell Tom anything.
It could mean anything.
I realized I still hadn't eaten anything.
I never had to order Tom to do anything.
Tom wasn't really trying to convince Mary to do anything.
I'm never going to amount to anything.
Tom hasn't picked up anything.
Tom may not have to give up anything.
I'm not charging anybody for anything.
Tom is capable of almost anything.
Nobody's trying to tell you anything.
That's why I never tell you anything.
I'll call you as soon as I know anything.
This isn't going to fix anything.
You can't say anything.
Nobody's going to try anything.
Tom noticed everything.
That has changed everything.
It's a pity you destroyed everything.
Some people have to be told everything.
You can't see everything.
I'm going to make everything.
That should solve everything.
I've been trying everything.
Tom has a plan for everything.
That's Tom's answer for everything.
Tom uses sports metaphors for everything.
People tell doctors everything.
You're going to tell us everything.
I'm not saying that you have to tell me about everything.
I'm telling you everything.
You're my everything.
Your hand is shaking.
Tom is doing a little matchmaking.
You and I shouldn't be talking.
That's your pride talking.
Hey, now we're talking.
There's been enough talking.
You've got to get Tom talking.
Please refrain from talking.
Listen to who's talking.
The other kids aren't talking.
People will start talking.
I've been doing some thinking.
I know you know what I'm thinking.
Listen, I've been thinking.
I can't imagine what Tom was thinking.
Tom suddenly realized what Mary was thinking.
Tom spoke without thinking.
The light was blinking.
They were out late drinking.
Tom says he's gotten complaints about you drinking.
Tom has made up his mind to quit smoking.
Tom is an expert when it comes to cooking.
You're really tall and good-looking.
I assume that your phone is still not working.
I don't think you know what you're asking.
That's all I'm asking.
You know what I'm asking.
Pardon me for asking.
Tom cut the cards and started dealing.
It does sound appealing.
I just had a weird feeling.
It gave me a nice feeling.
I don't need any counseling.
I think you've finally found your calling.
It looks like you finally found your calling.
I can smell what you're smelling.
Tom's left arm is in a sling.
Keep hustling.
This is quite puzzling.
Tom woke from his nightmare, screaming.
The crowd was screaming.
You should've seen that one coming.
Someone knew we were coming.
I told Tom we should've contacted you before coming.
I tried to tell Tom we should've contacted you before coming.
I know it's coming.
You all had this coming.
It's not like you didn't see this coming.
I guess I should've seen this coming.
You should've seen this coming.
I never saw that coming.
Tom had it coming.
I really didn't see it coming.
You should've seen it coming.
Tom thought he was really charming.
That's what I find alarming.
The noise is deafening.
This is where it's all happening.
We understand what's happening.
Tom couldn't quite believe what was happening.
I should've anticipated this happening.
I don't really see that happening.
I don't think there's much chance of that happening.
It sounds downright frightening.
I don't see any customers complaining.
I should've told you the truth about me from the beginning.
I've been warning them from the beginning.
It's still functioning.
I spend time with Tom because he's interested in learning.
I'll have Tom at your office first thing in the morning.
The documents will be on your desk in the morning.
My car will pick you up in the morning.
Tom may be dead before morning.
I've been humming that tune to myself all morning.
Tom puttered around in the garden all morning.
I knew I shouldn't have answered the phone this morning.
Tom drinks, but he's not drunk this morning.
I received a coded message from Tom this morning.
It was in the paper this morning.
We had some words this morning.
Tom sent me roses this morning.
Tom evidently was here early this morning.
Have Tom report here tomorrow morning.
I'll ask Tom to make some time for you tomorrow morning.
I'll have the results by tomorrow morning.
I want you out of our apartment by morning.
I don't want you eating donuts every morning.
I'm glad to see your sense of humor returning.
We must know exactly what we're doing.
Please think about what you're doing.
I don't know what they think they're doing.
I came by to see how you were doing.
That's just what I'm doing.
This is your own doing.
I think I'll pop in on Tom and see how he's doing.
That's what I was doing.
I can tell you what I'm not doing.
I can't see where we're going.
It's as far as we're going.
That's where I'm going.
That's why I'm going.
Tom knew right where he was going.
I know where this is going.
This isn't exactly helping.
I'm always in the mood for shopping.
You have very acute hearing.
I know what you're offering.
I can end your suffering.
Tom's confidence is wavering.
I didn't know you were hiring.
I already know they're not hiring.
It just sounds boring.
Dinner was incredibly boring.
It's not easy to think with Tom snoring.
Tom may need some doctoring.
Tom is quite enterprising.
Tom is incapable of losing.
It's a little embarrassing.
Now, that's just embarrassing.
You need to stop obsessing.
We ended up kissing.
No one named Tom Jackson has been reported missing.
One of them is still missing.
There's a girl missing.
It was very confusing.
That was really quite amusing.
It's amusing.
Tom is a person of interest in a case we're investigating.
That's certainly worth investigating.
That's what I'm investigating.
This is really humiliating.
Today has been exhilarating.
I can't believe you're graduating.
I know it seems like I'm overreacting.
Well, Tom, you aren't what I was expecting.
I know who you're protecting.
I knew you didn't have a meeting.
Tom was asked not to speak at the meeting.
Tom and I have a dinner meeting.
I had no way of knowing who Tom was meeting.
Dinner will be waiting.
Tom was waiting.
Tom sat waiting.
I'm definitely not waiting.
Tom has a talent for writing.
It's a small price to pay for such a nice painting.
You were wrong about the painting.
Tom really likes your painting.
Tom has agreed to pay a rather steep price for that painting.
I don't think you realize what you're suggesting.
I just realized something interesting.
Tom has indeed found something interesting.
I don't find it that interesting.
You're evil and disgusting.
Your problem is that you've always been too trusting.
That's what I'm betting.
Well, that's upsetting.
Don't tell me you're quitting.
You'll get nowhere by shouting.
They were arguing.
Every life is worth saving.
I'm not worth saving.
Tom works for a living.
That's how Tom makes his living.
I'm not the one doing the driving.
Tom is in the process of moving.
That's really a good carving.
Tom sort of took me under his wing.
I can see which way the wind's blowing.
There was soft music playing.
My friend here will be paying.
Maybe it's a price worth paying.
Tom began praying.
Tom grabbed a fire extinguisher and started spraying.
I don't think you realize what you're saying.
That's all I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
I haven't heard that particular saying.
Tom means exactly the opposite of what he's saying.
They're all either dead or dying.
It's very gratifying.
You know I don't like lying.
I'm not saying Tom is lying.
You'll be interested to hear that Tom thinks I'm hardly ever annoying.
The girls were crying.
Tom just can't stop crying.
Tom tried to comfort Mary, but she kept crying.
Now isn't the time to start worrying.
I don't see any reason for hurrying.
What's important is that you're trying.
Hey, I'm still trying.
You can't blame a girl for trying.
That'd be amazing.
I'm going to show you something amazing.
It was absolutely amazing.
I've been hearing that for a long time.
That would take too long.
It'll take too long.
Tom has been sitting behind that desk too long.
I think you've been in this town too long.
I told you Tom had been on duty too long.
You've been gone for so long.
I wondered what was taking you so long.
OK, people, move along.
I think we'll tag along.
Hey, that's what I've been saying all along.
Tom has been lying all along.
I've been with Tom all along.
Tom is making it up as he goes along.
You two would get along.
I wouldn't play along.
That's where you belong.
I know Tom comes on a little strong.
It made me strong.
You don't have to be so strong.
Tom is short, but he's strong.
It's dead wrong.
Don't be embarrassed to be wrong.
Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong.
I've found nothing wrong.
You've got me all wrong.
That's just plain wrong.
It just seems so wrong.
Tom has never been one to admit that he's wrong.
Tom was almost hoping he was wrong.
Tom isn't about to admit he was wrong.
You didn't tell me what was wrong.
It feels wrong.
Of course, you weren't wrong.
Tom was invariably wrong.
That was a really pretty song.
Tom and Mary were young.
The day's still young.
It's a shame this had to happen to you so young.
The crowd is young.
I'm pulling the plug.
Tom is lying face down on a rug.
When I was in prison, I dreamed of the beach.
The last place anyone saw Tom was at the beach.
I already have butterflies in my stomach.
Tom says he can't work on an empty stomach.
I chose the wrong approach.
I've often wondered what it must be like to be rich.
There's more to life than just getting rich.
Tom let out a belch.
Tom and Mary sat together on the bench.
Tom seems intent on mastering French.
Tom is progressing in French.
Tom and Mary were speaking softly in French.
I highly doubt Tom knows any French.
Tom complained of the stench.
That'll do in a pinch.
I had a drink with lunch.
This will hold me until lunch.
I'm still free for lunch.
You're on your own for lunch.
We can work on it at lunch.
Tom beat us to the punch.
There's always a catch.
Tom is quite the catch.
Tom says he doesn't want to get into a shouting match.
You've met your match.
I'll take the first watch.
I'll take first watch.
I don't see why we can't just watch.
There's another hitch.
Let's take it down a notch.
I know I haven't been around much.
It doesn't look like much.
It doesn't bother me much.
I don't think that would bother Tom too much.
I don't like to plan too much.
Tom is a nice guy, except that he talks too much.
This is just too much.
I can only take so much.
You give me so much.
You've done so much.
I never knew I needed you so much.
Tom loves you so much.
I suspected as much.
I had suspected as much.
I don't think the world has changed that much.
I never minded all that much.
I didn't learn very much.
Tom liked Mary very much.
Tom slumped on the couch.
The cotton is high.
Tom gave a sigh.
Tom said that for the laugh.
You're the only one who can make me laugh.
It's important to laugh.
I think you've helped enough.
I've suffered enough.
That better be good enough.
I'm just not good enough.
Frankly, Tom didn't try hard enough.
That seems simple enough.
That's long enough.
I'm well enough.
I think we know each other well enough.
I don't hear that often enough.
That's not soon enough.
I guess I'll find out soon enough.
It looks harmless enough.
Sometimes that just isn't enough.
That's a little rough.
Tom's promotion came through.
I want you to tell me what you're going through.
I'm not unsympathetic about what you're going through.
I think you'll pull through.
I can appreciate what you've been through.
I know exactly what you went through.
You wanted to get your mom back for everything she put you through.
We're only halfway through.
I hear the competition is tough.
Tom was staring at a photograph.
Tom has got Mary on a tight leash.
I came by to feed Tom's fish.
I know I'm being selfish.
Now isn't the time to get squeamish.
Use whatever you wish.
Believe whatever you wish.
That was very harsh.
It was an ambush.
Come on, Tom, you're making me blush.
You're going to need a push.
I already gave the children their bath.
The punishment for Tom shall be death.
I've seen my share of death.
It scares me to death.
They tortured my father to death.
It looks like Tom was shot to death.
I didn't have anything to do with Tom's death.
I assume you heard about Tom's death.
I thought you might be out of breath.
They're out of breath.
Tom drew a long breath.
Tom drew a deep breath.
Tom drew a sharp breath.
Tom drew in his breath.
I won't hold my breath.
Let's do the math.
Let Tom find his own path.
I had to find my own path.
I chose another path.
I'll take this path.
Tom was lying through his teeth.
Tom is lying through his teeth.
Tom began to brush his teeth.
I guess we're not on the same wavelength.
I need someone who I can feel safe with.
I just want it over and done with.
It's nothing that I can't cope with.
It's just something I have to live with.
I forgot who I was dealing with.
I don't date women I work with.
You live next to somebody I work with.
I didn't have much to work with.
I don't have much to work with.
Tom is the one I deal with.
We've got an issue to deal with.
Listen, we have a bigger problem to deal with.
The social problems facing them seem too enormous to deal with.
I have an experiment I need help with.
I'll see what I can come up with.
I just want to get this over with.
You're grounded for a month.
I've rented a room in Boston for a month.
Tom is going away for a month.
I'll be moving out at the end of the month.
I've been burgled three times this month.
I know this is an upsetting time for you both.
Tom has got quite a mouth.
Something's coming out of your mouth.
You're obliged to tell me the truth.
Go with the truth.
The main thing is to tell the truth.
I just tell the truth.
Tom didn't exactly tell the truth.
The time has come to tell Tom the truth.
I'm just trying to uncover the truth.
They wouldn't allow me to tell you the truth.
I couldn't tell you the truth.
I couldn't let Tom know the truth.
We already know the truth.
You already know the truth.
I came by to say hi.
Tom makes an excellent martini.
Tom hailed a cruising taxi.
That'll stop the leak.
You're no longer allowed to speak.
Speak when you're told to speak.
Tom forced himself to speak.
Tom is still too out of breath to speak.
Tom opened his mouth to speak.
Tom wanted Mary to speak.
Tom still didn't speak.
Tom is so stunned he can hardly speak.
I just can't catch a break.
We got a break.
You're entitled to a lunch break.
Never give a sucker an even break.
I could really go for a steak.
You've always been weak.
Tom was too weak.
Tom has lost a lot of blood and he's weak.
I just want my job back.
Tom smiled back.
Tom stepped back.
I can be laid back.
Lift with the legs, not with the back.
Tom patted me on the back.
That's why I came back.
It's all coming back.
You'll get them back.
I just want my career back.
I'm not doing anything behind your back.
Please place your hands behind your back.
Tom needs to know we've got his back.
I just thought that you might want to have this back.
I want you out of the office by the time I get back.
We'll settle this when I get back.
I promise I'll give it back.
Tom took a pistol out of his shoulder holster, checked it and put it back.
It's great having you back.
I'll do whatever it takes to get you back.
Tom and I go a long way back.
We go way back.
I think Tom should ask for his money back.
I just want my family back.
I think I just hurt my back.
We've suffered a minor setback.
I think you should cut Tom some slack.
I'm going to build you a spice rack.
The door opened a crack.
Tom packed some essentials into his knapsack.
We'd never survive another attack.
We must continue our attack.
Tom would probably have a heart attack.
You'll have to pick up the check.
I'll double check.
I'd like to do a feasibility check.
I ought to break your neck.
Tom is a total wreck.
It's a gimmick.
It could've been a trick.
That was a dirty trick.
Tom will be worried sick.
You've had me worried sick.
If I eat any more, I'll be sick.
This stuff makes me sick.
You're making us all sick.
Tom said that the mere sight of Mary made him sick.
I want to prove to you that I'm not sick.
I feel like Tom got the short end of the stick.
Get in here quick.
You catch on quick.
I'll make this quick.
I can make this quick.
Tom is almost in shock.
Circle the block.
I'm off the clock.
You missed your ten o'clock.
I suggest you duck.
I just wanted to stop by and wish you good luck.
Tom has had an incredible run of luck.
I think we're in luck.
I make my own luck.
You're pushing your luck.
I thought I'd stop by and wish you luck.
I couldn't believe my luck.
I admire your pluck.
Tom climbs into the driver's seat of the truck.
I've eaten enough for a week.
Tom and May agreed to trade places for a week.
Tom will be gone by the end of the week.
We need you to tell us why you were absent all last week.
That was last week.
I knew people would talk.
We ended up having a really good talk.
We'll have a nice long talk.
Tom must be made to talk.
This is a bad time for me to talk.
Tom is here to talk.
People are going to talk.
People are starting to talk.
Tom smiled at me and we began to talk.
It's your fault I can't talk.
I don't see why we can't talk.
They couldn't talk.
You can't buy me off with shiny beads and sweet talk.
I just thought I'd take a walk.
Tom settled his account with the bank.
You can take that to the bank.
I didn't rob any bank.
Tom's face suddenly went blank.
Tom ate and drank.
That was pretty cool, I think.
I don't know what I think.
Tom wasn't sure what to think.
That's what Tom wanted you to think.
I don't pay you to think.
You're better than you think.
I'm back in the pink.
Right now, I want you to buy me a drink.
No one's buying anyone a drink.
You look like someone who could use a drink.
Tom is at the bar nursing a drink.
At least let me buy you and your friends a drink.
I know a place where we can get a drink.
I should buy you a drink.
I was hoping you'd let me buy you a drink.
I should certainly buy you a drink.
Tom slipped something in Mary's drink.
Tom refreshed his drink.
The bartender handed Tom his drink.
I just want a quiet drink.
It looks like a slam dunk.
It's a piece of junk.
You smell like a drunk.
These things happen when you're drunk.
They were drunk.
I'm so drunk.
Tom parked his car and opened the trunk.
Please pop the trunk.
I can't believe you actually read the book.
Tom started flipping through the book.
I'm afraid that violates every rule in the book.
Tom glanced at the book.
I played it by the book.
Tom is an open book.
Tom is a pretty amazing cook.
You're off the hook.
I think your phone's off the hook.
They exchanged a look.
I think we should take a look.
Tom gave Mary a stern look.
You just had to know where to look.
Let's take another look.
Tom couldn't help but look.
Ha, I made you look.
Tom gave Mary an icy look.
That guy happens to be a crook.
Tom would do whatever it took.
It isn't fair to keep Tom in the dark.
Tom speared the shark.
Tom laughed at the remark.
I drove around the corner to park.
Tom is obviously a jerk.
The crowd went berserk.
I don't want to look like a dork.
Stop being such a dork.
I've never seen such good work.
It'll be hard work.
Being a teacher is hard work.
Being a reporter is hard work.
You just ruined three years of undercover police work.
This is how we work.
That's a dangerous line of work.
You need to find a new line of work.
I'll see you as soon as I finish work.
Twenty to one it'll work.
I know how hard you all work.
Tom doesn't think our approach will work.
I know Tom from work.
I need to focus on work.
I'll need someplace to work.
I refuse to work.
Let's talk about how this is going to work.
Tom left the office immediately after work.
It'd better work.
Tom told me he was doing some undercover work.
Tom is dressed for work.
I'm here looking for work.
I'm a fan of your work.
I'm a great admirer of your work.
I've been following your work.
Now get on with your work.
You know how these things work.
Tom seems to have finished his work.
Tom settled down to his work.
You need to make this work.
I know how you guys work.
It can't work.
I just bought this yesterday and it doesn't work.
Tom has been helping out on weekdays while I'm at work.
I'm sorry to bother you about this at work.
Tom has had an accident at work.
I made it work.
I need to make it work.
It's a wonderful idea, but it'll take a lot work.
We barely talked about work.
I know how hard you work.
I'll start the paperwork.
We've received all the proper paperwork.
For once in your life, do what I ask.
I don't have anyone else I can ask.
I'm afraid to even ask.
I know it's a lot to ask.
It's kind of you to ask.
It was nice of you to ask.
I don't know whether you can help, but I had to at least ask.
That's no easy task.
Put the gun down and move away from the desk.
Tom drummed on the desk.
Tom tossed the documents on Mary's desk.
Tom rose slowly from behind his desk.
Tom ducked down behind his desk.
Tom said it was on his desk.
Tom tapped his fingers on his desk.
Tom is already at his desk.
I agree we're taking a risk.
Tom could be a flight risk.
Tom isn't a flight risk.
Tom is certainly not a flight risk.
Tom is an obvious flight risk.
I find your arguments illogical.
It's completely illogical.
The asking price is astronomical.
I thought Tom was on sabbatical.
Timing would be critical.
Tom's condition is very critical.
I didn't want to appear hypocritical.
Tom won the sharpshooter medal.
It sounds like we've got a deal.
Tom is trying to cut a deal.
Tom really got a bad deal.
Maybe Tom made a good deal.
Let's do the deal.
This one's the real deal.
This is the real deal.
Tom really got a raw deal.
You need a good home-cooked meal.
I had a decent meal.
I came to fix you a decent meal.
We want it to look real.
The pain was real.
I couldn't tell what was real.
I didn't even know that was legal.
I didn't know that was legal.
It'd be illegal.
You didn't tell me it was illegal.
Everything Tom does is illegal.
I just want it to be special.
You must be very special.
It could be beneficial.
Tom's injuries are superficial.
I want those responsible for the massacre brought to trial.
You were an animal.
I guess everything's back to normal.
I've always had an interest in the paranormal.
Tom is completely delusional.
Tom just told me something personal.
I didn't mean to get too personal.
You're making this personal.
You don't have to get personal.
Tom isn't exactly a liberal.
Tom is a decorated general.
I've decided to accept your proposal.
I had to consider Tom's proposal.
You need a lot more capital.
I wound up in the hospital.
Most of Tom's friends know that he's in the hospital.
Tom got out of the car and ran into the hospital.
Tom was sent to a mental hospital.
None of us are immortal.
I hear the competition is brutal.
You seem to be enjoying that more than usual.
The feeling was mutual.
Tom was pronounced dead on arrival.
You don't need Tom's money or his approval.
I want to be a role model.
That's how I feel.
It's time you knew how I feel.
I don't know how I feel.
That's the way I feel.
I don't like the way it makes me feel.
I can feel everything you feel.
Tom got out of the car, but Mary remained behind the wheel.
Take the wheel.
Let me take the wheel.
Tom sat down behind the steering wheel.
Tom peered down the tunnel.
This is like shooting fish in a barrel.
A bus pulled up in front of the hotel.
I'm not going to fight a duel.
I've already posted your bail.
I'm not going to spend the rest of my life in jail.
You'll die in jail.
If you keep doing what you're doing, you'll end up in jail.
Tom will end up in jail.
I'll visit you in jail.
Let it go to voicemail.
I'll take this trail.
Don't leave out a single detail.
Tom is a tricky little devil.
I want to be a daredevil.
Tom wasn't late after all.
I just want to get my daughter back safely, that's all.
That's not good at all.
Tom never got into any trouble at all.
I'm sorry I told them anything at all.
Tom has no manners at all.
I don't like the sound of that at all.
We won't be talking about that at all.
I never heard Tom say anything to Mary at all.
Tom remembered it all.
It's a pleasure to meet you all.
I can make a call.
I need you to make a phone call.
You get one phone call.
This isn't a social call.
This is your wake-up call.
That's Tom's call.
I don't think that's the right call.
Tom made a bad judgment call.
Tom continued walking down the hall.
I don't remember Tom being so tall.
Hey, get away from the wall.
Tom stuck a poster on the wall.
Tom smashed a champagne glass against the wall.
Tom looked through the small window in the door to see who had rung the doorbell.
Tom is in a holding cell.
You're mad at me, I can tell.
It's really hard to tell.
I don't have any more jokes to tell.
I don't have any more jokes left to tell.
It was a job done well.
Tom remembered Mary quite well.
This isn't going well.
The meeting seemed to go well.
That seemed to go well.
Tom knows this isn't going to go well.
Tom could dance rather well.
I taught you well.
It went extremely well.
Tom isn't looking very well.
Most of Tom's friends know that he doesn't speak French very well.
I guess you know me pretty well.
I do pretty well.
I hear they pay pretty well.
Tom held out his cup for a refill.
That's a buzz kill.
Tom ran on the treadmill.
Our taxi pulled up outside a place called Chuck's Bar and Grill.
You'll need to hold still.
Tom lay perfectly still.
If I don't report it, someone else will.
I just want to do God's will.
Tom left you everything he had in his will.
Do with it what you will.
We're ready to roll.
Tom put me on the payroll.
It was half full.
Tom tried to play it cool.
It sounds really cool.
That seems pretty cool.
Tom made you look like a fool.
Don't play me for a fool.
Tom is playing you for a fool.
I think we should send Tom to a private school.
Tom was horrible to me in high school.
I used to beat Tom up in high school.
I was the student body president in high school.
Some kids cut through my yard on their way to school.
Tom disappeared after school.
You said I should work harder at school.
We're about to go out on patrol.
Tom does seem to be in control.
I finally feel like everything's under control.
I think we got it under control.
Can you imagine a blue Ferrari?
I'm buying my watch in that shop there.
Gate closes minutes before departure.
Tom was embarrassed when he took his shirt off in front of Mary for the first time, because he had his ex's name tatooed on his chest.
Give me a minute to think about it.
No one would survive that amount of blood loss.
Tom told Mary that he had feelings for her.
We're all capable of exercising self-control.
Tom showed me a picture of his mother as a schoolgirl.
Give it a whirl.
It's disgraceful.
We have many reasons to be hopeful.
I was hoping for something a little more useful.
I'm so grateful.
Tom was grateful.
They were ungrateful.
I don't want to appear ungrateful.
They are so beautiful.
I don't think I've ever seen anything so beautiful.
God, you're beautiful.
Black is beautiful.
It's astonishingly beautiful.
That would be less painful.
I was hoping for something a little more helpful.
You've been most helpful.
Tom was quite successful.
That was very hurtful.
I've decided to stay where I am.
No one is more determined than I am.
You're even dumber than I am.
I'm not going to change who I am.
I just wish I could remember who I am.
I don't seem to remember who I am.
It's just the way I am.
I don't know how to say how sorry I really am.
It's a pleasure to meet you, ma'am.
It sounds like a scam.
That sounds like a scam.
You two will work as a team.
Take one for the team.
You're part of our team.
I heard that you bought a hockey team.
I needed to blow off some steam.
This might all be a sham.
This might be all a sham.
Their marriage is a sham.
I don't need a cardiogram.
We're particularly interested in your music program.
I'm not what I seem.
I know how hopeless things can seem.
I have very low self-esteem.
You must have dropped them.
Someone must have planted them.
Tom believed them.
That's why I like them.
They want everything right now that you said you'd give them.
Don't take any notice of them.
Tom was one of them.
Tom is the only one capable of stopping them.
We're not at war with them.
We're cuter than them.
I don't want to get too close to them.
They didn't know what was happening to them.
Tom and Mary were thrilled to bits when their daughter took her first steps.
Hang on to them.
Tom and Mary were speaking loud enough for John to hear them.
Tom and Mary were speaking loud enough for John to overhear them.
We buy the cattle and slaughter them.
Tom glared at them.
I've learned to trust them.
I was told you had some news about them.
You're better off without them.
I felt threatened by them.
If we don't have a solution, the least we can do is acknowledge that there's a problem.
I'm not sure I see that as a problem.
Tom clearly has a problem.
I don't find it a problem.
It wasn't a maintenance problem.
I think you're overstating the problem.
I assume this is the problem.
Tom was stumped by the problem.
I'm really starting to worry that you've got a hearing problem.
There is an additional problem.
If they lied about that, we've got a much bigger problem.
There's a logical answer to every problem.
You're a victim of the system.
You've got rhythm.
Tom was there for me when I really needed him.
Tom started to say something, but Mary shushed him.
We think you can tell us where to find him.
Tom had his hands cuffed behind him.
Tom stepped into the room and closed the door behind him.
I'm sure I've never heard of him.
Tom's curiosity got the better of him.
Tom has got his whole life in front of him.
Nobody remembers seeing him.
Tell Tom not to hate me for leaving him.
Tom has something we want, so we need to find something he wants that we can trade with him.
Tom says he can make any woman fall in love with him.
I want Tom to know I've got no beef with him.
Tom wants to know what to do with all the stuff you left with him.
Find Tom and kill him.
Tom had plenty of fight left in him.
Tom motioned for Mary to join him.
I can sell it to him.
Tom knows there's only one choice for him.
I find it difficult to tell Tom I miss him.
Tom was a good friend, and I'll miss him.
You'll know him when you meet him.
Tom took to drinking after his wife left him.
Tom probably never knew what hit him.
If Tom doesn't surrender, shoot him.
I knew there was something familiar about him.
Tom said I wasn't to worry about him.
Tom ran as fast as his legs could carry him.
Tom was the third victim.
Tom loves to play the victim.
There's just no way to get Tom to swim.
I must be calm.
I just need to stay calm.
We're not here to talk about music, Tom.
It's not authentic, Tom.
This one's got me worried, Tom.
Tell me you understand, Tom.
I can be your friend, Tom.
I'm not the one looking for a girlfriend, Tom.
Leave it be, Tom.
Get out of my face, Tom.
This isn't your kind of place, Tom.
It wasn't your choice, Tom.
You never had a chance, Tom.
This is your one chance, Tom.
We're on the same side, Tom.
You've lived a charmed life, Tom.
You saved my marriage, Tom.
You have me at a disadvantage, Tom.
Don't ride the brake, Tom.
I hope you find our quarters comfortable, Tom.
Girls aren't worth the trouble, Tom.
We're not bad people, Tom.
Don't make a liar out of me, Tom.
You can't control me, Tom.
Come out and talk to me, Tom.
You can't protect everybody all the time, Tom.
I'm only going to ask you this one time, Tom.
You're the one who wanted me to come, Tom.
This isn't your home, Tom.
You're a strange one, Tom.
I'm putting my foot down on this one, Tom.
I owe you one, Tom.
This may not go as smoothly as you hope, Tom.
You're on pretty shaky ground here, Tom.
That's not why I called you in here, Tom.
You have a very impressive operation here, Tom.
You've done remarkable things here, Tom.
You're missing my point here, Tom.
Help me out here, Tom.
You've lost me there, Tom.
You sure have a way with words there, Tom.
This way please, Tom.
Get off your high horse, Tom.
You're digging your own grave, Tom.
You might want to reconsider that move, Tom.
I've come to say goodbye, Tom.
They'll promise you anything, Tom.
That's good thinking, Tom.
Stop sniveling, Tom.
You should be smiling, Tom.
I'm ready and willing, Tom.
That's very amusing, Tom.
Thanks so much for coming here to help me with my speech, Tom.
I don't think that matters much, Tom.
You've still got the touch, Tom.
You'll need your strength, Tom.
Don't make me shoot you in the back, Tom.
Dial it back, Tom.
You're in this up to your neck, Tom.
You're going to have your hands full, Tom.
Get with the program, Tom.
We'll have to check every one of them, Tom.
You're holding too much in, Tom.
Don't rub it in, Tom.
It sounds like you're home free again, Tom.
We'll be together again, Tom.
I don't want to lose you again, Tom.
This is one you can't win, Tom.
Get your clothes on, Tom.
Don't run yourself down, Tom.
Dial it down, Tom.
Tell me you remember, Tom.
Well, you certainly have a lot to offer, Tom.
Listen to your father, Tom.
Don't sass your father, Tom.
You really are a smooth talker, Tom.
Don't be a party pooper, Tom.
You have a lot to answer for, Tom.
You're impossible to find a gift for, Tom.
I admire your scruples, Tom.
We've been down this road too many times, Tom.
Stay on your toes, Tom.
I just tell it like it is, Tom.
We'll figure out another way out of this, Tom.
I don't see where you're going with this, Tom.
You know you don't have to do this, Tom.
I'm going to get you for this, Tom.
You haven't been returning my calls, Tom.
You taught me always to face my fears, Tom.
You've been in a coma for three years, Tom.
You have your orders, Tom.
Give me the other set of keys, Tom.
You look like you're doing just great, Tom.
You already know the answer to that, Tom.
You're holding me too tight, Tom.
Fake it till you make it, Tom.
Everybody down here sure likes you a lot, Tom.
You're all heart, Tom.
We meet at last, Tom.
That's what we're trying to figure out, Tom.
Knock yourself out, Tom.
I don't see why you're freaking out, Tom.
That's what I love about you, Tom.
I can see right through you, Tom.
God be with you, Tom.
I have every confidence in you, Tom.
Nobody's going to do anything to you, Tom.
Don't let it get to you, Tom.
Don't make me come after you, Tom.
God has a plan for you, Tom.
We've been looking all over for you, Tom.
I've got real bad news for you, Tom.
I have good news for you, Tom.
I'm very concerned about you, Tom.
I've always cared about you, Tom.
Everyone was right about you, Tom.
Get over here right now, Tom.
We don't have all day, Tom.
You don't want to mess with me today, Tom.
I don't care what you say, Tom.
Have it your own way, Tom.
It doesn't have to be this way, Tom.
It doesn't work that way, Tom.
You've done admirably, Tom.
You handled that badly, Tom.
You're not getting away from me that easily, Tom.
We can tell you're not a bad guy, Tom.
I knew I should've married Tom.
The girls all liked Tom.
You're the guy who killed Tom.
I assume this is what killed Tom.
That's the person they suspect killed Tom.
Tell us why you killed Tom.
The person in charge was named Tom.
All I can tell you is it had something to do with a guy named Tom.
How do I know you haven't already harmed Tom?
We should not have angered Tom.
You'd think that would have impressed Tom.
I just know I wouldn't have missed Tom.
I can see why you suspected Tom.
It makes me wonder how much you really loved Tom.
Somebody might've followed Tom.
The police have no grounds to hold Tom.
This is between me and Tom.
I can't walk out on you and Tom.
I don't know how you can stand Tom.
I highly recommend Tom.
We must all go and find Tom.
It's important that we find Tom.
It's important we find Tom.
I want to know what you're doing to find Tom.
We'll do everything in our power to find Tom.
I think I know how to find Tom.
We've looked everywhere and can't find Tom.
I have no idea where you might find Tom.
It's only a matter of time before they find Tom.
All of a sudden, the door slammed behind Tom.
Show us where you found Tom.
Never let your guard down around Tom.
That better not be Tom.
I haven't been able to face Tom.
People are beginning to notice Tom.
I don't need to convince Tom.
I'll do everything in my power to convince Tom.
It's urgent that I see Tom.
I was there that day because I needed to see Tom.
I understand you were the last one to see Tom.
You were the last person to see Tom.
You may have been the last person to see Tom.
I can't tell you how good it is to see Tom.
It's not like I'm real anxious to see Tom.
That's why I like Tom.
Don't try to reason with people like Tom.
I didn't much like Tom.
I wish I knew where we could find others like Tom.
I wish I knew where we could find other workers like Tom.
This isn't like Tom.
You sounded just like Tom.
It sounds exactly like Tom.
I thought you could handle Tom.
I'll make everyone call me Tom.
You should know that my friends call me Tom.
You've certainly outdone Tom.
I know exactly what I'd want to do if I were Tom.
Let somebody else hire Tom.
I'm afraid you're going to have to release Tom.
The truth is I bent over backwards to accommodate Tom.
The DNA here doesn't exonerate Tom.
You must help me save Tom.
You're the only one who can save Tom.
I think it's about time we started to believe Tom.
That's how I know you love Tom.
Get your filthy hands off Tom.
If it means that much to you, I'll get rid of Tom.
You've ruined the best chance we had to get rid of Tom.
I don't have any way of getting hold of Tom.
Let's just see if I can get hold of Tom.
Don't grow too fond of Tom.
I've grown rather fond of Tom.
I've heard of Tom.
I think you might've been proud of Tom.
I'm not going to take advantage of Tom.
I can't figure out what to make of Tom.
Get your hands off of Tom.
Get off of Tom.
I made your father promise never to speak of Tom.
I've lost track of Tom.
It's important to me what you think of Tom.
That was very thoughtful of Tom.
There's still no sign of Tom.
The bartender set a drink in front of Tom.
The waiter set a coffee cup in front of Tom.
Anything you have to say, you can say in front of Tom.
I'm not sure how much you'll get out of Tom.
That's all I can get out of Tom.
That was the last I saw of Tom.
That's the last we saw of Tom.
That was the last we saw of Tom.
That's the last anybody saw of Tom.
There was no avoiding Tom.
The longer we wait, the less chance we have of finding Tom.
I've been seeing Tom.
Thank you for bringing Tom.
What do you think they're telling Tom?
Please help me in welcoming Tom.
There was no escaping Tom.
I can't imagine what could be keeping Tom.
I'll see what's keeping Tom.
There's no stopping Tom.
There was no stopping Tom.
I guess I was afraid I was losing Tom.
I've actually never had the pleasure of meeting Tom.
I'm not the one hurting Tom.
I could see you marrying Tom.
I'm not sure you'll be able to reach Tom.
I can't seem to reach Tom.
With your help, we'll catch Tom.
I think we can catch Tom.
The judge raised his hand to shush Tom.
You did a great job with Tom.
We really shouldn't have carpooled with Tom.
Wow, you're really obsessed with Tom.
Consider yourself lucky that you were never involved with Tom.
I'm still proud to have served with Tom.
Maybe I could have a word with Tom.
I don't know why I even thought I had a chance with Tom.
I'm starting to lose patience with Tom.
I have an old score to settle with Tom.
You're the one spending the most time with Tom.
I thought you said you were done with Tom.
I don't think I'll be able to get in there with Tom.
I don't seem to be getting anywhere with Tom.
I'm not asking you to go on a date with Tom.
Maybe I'm in love with Tom.
I saw you having coffee this morning with Tom.
I must strongly caution you against going with Tom.
It's their job to figure out what's wrong with Tom.
The doctors can't even say what's wrong with Tom.
As far as I can tell, there's nothing medically wrong with Tom.
I'm through with Tom.
Thank you for letting me speak with Tom.
If you wish, I can arrange for you to speak with Tom.
I'll make arrangements for you to speak with Tom.
It's clear that you didn't speak with Tom.
I think I'll ride back with Tom.
I had a talk with Tom.
It's time to level with Tom.
Things weren't going well with Tom.
The others are in the conference room with Tom.
I'm moving in with Tom.
I'm going to go check in with Tom.
I've been thinking about my conversation with Tom.
Maybe I can reason with Tom.
It occurred to me it might have something to do with Tom.
I think it has something to do with Tom.
They're not sure what to do with Tom.
Don't do anything foolhardy like deciding to go with Tom.
I'm not sure my parents know about my relationship with Tom.
I never advised you to break up with Tom.
I'll take it up with Tom.
Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Tom.
I'm going to fix you up with Tom.
I wanted to discuss that matter with Tom.
I have dinner plans with Tom.
We've had lengthy discussions with Tom.
I made the mistake of trying to start a business with Tom.
I made the mistake of going into business with Tom.
I have to have a little chat with Tom.
You're to have no further contact with Tom.
Have you got any idea what I'm talking about?
I know in my gut that something's not right with Tom.
I can only discuss it with Tom.
This whole subject is clearly a sore spot with Tom.
Well, you have to be honest with Tom.
I thought you had more sense than to go out with Tom.
You never know with Tom.
It would be very normal for you to be angry with Tom.
Clearly, you're angry with Tom.
There was another guy with Tom.
You'll spook Tom.
I'm just here to find out who took Tom.
I know who took Tom.
I already said I don't know who took Tom.
You'd have to ask Tom.
You would have to ask Tom.
I guess that's why I didn't ask Tom.
Let me in or I'll tell Tom.
I have so many things I want to tell Tom.
It wouldn't hurt to tell Tom.
There's one thing I must tell Tom.
I'll let you tell Tom.
There was no need for you to kill Tom.
That's the last I heard from Tom.
I've got an important message from Tom.
We still have so much to learn from Tom.
I glad that you took that gun away from Tom.
You have no right to take it away from Tom.
You said the message came directly from Tom.
You look worse than Tom.
You could do a lot worse than Tom.
That'd make you crazier than Tom.
To my knowledge, I've never seen Tom.
I swear all I meant to do was to threaten Tom.
I don't understand what you see in Tom.
They're trying to restrain Tom.
They must've relied on Tom.
Don't even get me started on Tom.
I never laid a hand on Tom.
I'm saying I never laid a hand on Tom.
This has been really hard on Tom.
Don't waste your breath on Tom.
Maybe I should check on Tom.
I think I should check on Tom.
The police are closing in on Tom.
You really made an impression on Tom.
You certainly made an impression on Tom.
The truth began to dawn on Tom.
I didn't sneak up on Tom.
Maybe you should go check up on Tom.
I want to put a private investigator on Tom.
Just give me a chance get my hands on Tom.
Show me everything you've got on Tom.
That'll depend entirely on Tom.
I guess I could go easy on Tom.
You were always too easy on Tom.
There have been many attempts to poison Tom.
This must've belonged to Tom.
You're the worst thing that ever happened to Tom.
I regret what happened to Tom.
We both know what happened to Tom.
I thought you said you weren't attracted to Tom.
I owe my life to Tom.
You've got to let me get a message to Tom.
I know you were close to Tom.
It made me feel close to Tom.
That's the last gift you are allowed to give to Tom.
I wasn't able to say goodbye to Tom.
I'm sorry I didn't have the opportunity to say goodbye to Tom.
You've got to apologize to Tom.
You have to stop clinging to Tom.
I don't want to do anything to Tom.
I wasn't finished talking to Tom.
Today we'll be talking to Tom.
You weren't even listening to Tom.
We haven't been able to get through to Tom.
I tried my best to get through to Tom.
I wrote back to Tom.
I'm not going to do anything until I talk to Tom.
It would help if we could talk to Tom.
If you won't talk to me, I'll talk to Tom.
Well, I'm just going to talk to Tom.
All I want is to talk to Tom.
I just thought that you might want to talk to Tom.
All you had to do was talk to Tom.
Mary looked beautiful to Tom.
They're not going to let anything happen to Tom.
If I were you, I'd listen to Tom.
I stopped paying attention to Tom.
We aren't being much help to Tom.
I had to find a way to make it up to Tom.
It wouldn't be fair to Tom.
Please extend my apologies to Tom.
We've got to find out who did this to Tom.
Make sure nothing happens to Tom.
I've already mentioned that to Tom.
Try explaining that to Tom.
I heard you paid a visit to Tom.
I know how much you meant to Tom.
Nothing else is important to Tom.
So let's find out what is important to Tom.
It's very important to Tom.
I'm sure that would mean a lot to Tom.
If you'll wait a moment, I'll take you to Tom.
I'm recommending you to Tom.
Maybe that wasn't the best thing to say to Tom.
I don't even know what to say to Tom.
I don't know what's gotten into Tom.
I don't know what got into Tom.
We're ready to do our best in order to help Tom.
I don't think that's going to stop Tom.
We have to do whatever it takes to stop Tom.
There's got to be some way to stop Tom.
I didn't try to stop Tom.
This isn't the way I wanted to remember Tom.
I thought you were supposed to be looking after Tom.
We don't have time to go chasing after Tom.
I already explained to you that I was over Tom.
Don't make a fuss over Tom.
I need to get over Tom.
This is extremely hard for Tom.
I would've done the same for Tom.
This has been a very troubling time for Tom.
I didn't come here for Tom.
I've developed a bit of a thing for Tom.
Keep looking for Tom.
Someone just came in asking for Tom.
This is getting to be too much for Tom.
Nothing's good enough for Tom.
That's good enough for Tom.
It's just big enough for Tom.
I won't cook for Tom.
This is an incredibly hard decision for Tom.
This was clearly a difficult decision for Tom.
It's the least I can do for Tom.
I'm predicting big things for Tom.
Well, you obviously have romantic feelings for Tom.
Clearly, you have feelings for Tom.
I understand you went to bat for Tom.
It's been a hard night for Tom.
I wasn't expecting you to do it for Tom.
This is obviously a sore point for Tom.
It doesn't have to be that way for Tom.
I know that you cared deeply for Tom.
It's not going to be easy for Tom.
It hasn't been easy for Tom.
It's a pity we're not all as reliable as Tom.
It seems your only friend was Tom.
I've seen what happens to anyone who opposes Tom.
The person we need to tell now is Tom.
That's what everybody calls Tom.
This directly concerns Tom.
You're just afraid you'll have to kiss Tom.
I don't think anyone suspected you weren't Tom.
People stopped and stared at Tom.
Everyone is still staring at Tom.
The guards are aiming their weapons at Tom.
Somebody took a shot at Tom.
I've seen how well you treat Tom.
You have no reason to doubt Tom.
This doesn't seem to affect Tom.
You've got to respect Tom.
They're here to protect Tom.
I think I want to meet Tom.
We're about to meet Tom.
Well, I didn't exactly meet Tom.
We'd better go in there and get Tom.
You just want to get Tom.
In a way, I'm glad I never met Tom.
I didn't plan to hit Tom.
You were the one who suggested I visit Tom.
You should consult Tom.
It's not my job to confront Tom.
Someone has to confront Tom.
The guards are going to shoot Tom.
I can't believe we were going to shoot Tom.
Everyone is seated at the table except Tom.
It breaks my heart that I can't comfort Tom.
It's our duty to support Tom.
Maybe I hurt Tom.
This is going to hurt Tom.
There are those who wish to hurt Tom.
I'm not the one that wants to hurt Tom.
I swear I never hurt Tom.
I still don't think we've seen the last Tom.
The last thing in the world I want to do is arrest Tom.
There's no concrete evidence against Tom.
The tide is turning against Tom.
I've seen what happens to anyone who goes up against Tom.
We can file charges against Tom.
I wouldn't bet against Tom.
You can't force me to testify against Tom.
It couldn't be anyone else but Tom.
I don't think it's fair to single out Tom.
I know you've always cared about Tom.
It's a pity you didn't know more about Tom.
I can't remember anything else about Tom.
That's the most irritating thing about Tom.
We simply don't know anything about Tom.
We're done talking about Tom.
I was so wrong about Tom.
It seems I was wrong about Tom.
I'm still not sure how I feel about Tom.
I have some information about Tom.
Look, what we have to worry about is what we're going to do about Tom.
There's something oddly familiar about Tom.
There's something awfully familiar about Tom.
We've all said nice things about Tom.
They were asking questions about Tom.
I'm not upset about Tom.
I have a theory about Tom.
I thought you were crazy about Tom.
The neighborhood won't be the same without Tom.
It's going to be hard to live without Tom.
They're not going to make a move without Tom.
I think you're better off without Tom.
School isn't going to be as much fun without Tom.
It's going to be quiet without Tom.
This place would fall apart without Tom.
Do your best without Tom.
There were times I would've been lost without Tom.
Life would be empty without Tom.
You didn't see this one coming, did you, Tom?
I have faith in you, Tom.
We were driving down the road when we saw Tom.
I'm not sure I want to get to know Tom.
I'll run it by Tom.
That message was sent by Tom.
If it's a boy, I want to name the baby Tom.
We might need the extra room.
Tom entered the room.
The conversation ended abruptly when Tom entered the room.
Tom glanced round the room.
Tom stepped inside the room.
Tom laughed and walked out of the room.
I was out of the room.
Tom started to laugh and was joined by everyone in the room.
Tom was in the room.
Tom and Mary barricaded themselves in the room.
Tom showed Mary into the room.
Let Tom use my dressing room.
Tom is sleeping on the couch in the living room.
There isn't much room.
Tom will be joining you in the observation room.
Now, why don't we continue this conversation in the other room?
I'll go see if people are having fun in the other room.
Your fingerprints were all over Tom's room.
There's a lot of tension in this room.
There may be something in the next room.
There may be somebody in the next room.
Tom glanced round the bedroom.
I have to use the bathroom.
I have to use the restroom.
That's why I suggested that we build a playroom.
I had no idea where it came from.
I know where it came from.
I know where I come from.
I'd like to know who that phone call was from.
Nobody really knows where it comes from.
Tom, this isn't something you can run away from.
I want this building searched from top to bottom.
Tom touched my arm.
You've done enough harm.
We mean Tom no harm.
It'll work like a charm.
You're my good luck charm.
Tom served a three-year prison term.
They were firm.
I'm the office manager of a small law firm.
Tom is wearing what looks like a military uniform.
Spare me the sarcasm.
I didn't mean that as a criticism.
Tom is at the podium.
Tom did the bare minimum.
I couldn't afford to get you a new drum.
I'm going to hit the gym.
I'll continue here as long as I can.
I'll continue working here as long as I can.
I'd like to get Tom ready as soon as we can.
Let's salvage what we can.
Tom was spotted running east on Park Street, followed by a dark sedan.
I need to come clean.
I think it's time to come clean.
The boat was clean.
I don't know what I mean.
It's obvious that Tom is a skilled musician.
Tom is an excellent physician.
You're the historian.
It sounds like a plan.
That sounds like a plan.
It's a plan.
That's part of the plan.
Tom wasn't real receptive to the plan.
Maybe Tom wasn't sticking with the original plan.
I'm glad to see everything's going according to plan.
We had a master plan.
We're going to go with your plan.
Tom is just an ordinary man.
Tom looks every inch a gentleman.
I'm an old woman.
You need a good woman.
I just met the most amazing woman.
Tom applied for a job as a salesman.
Tom lost his job as a used car salesman.
Tom is a respectable businessman.
You're quite a craftsman.
They are almost human.
Tom was an artilleryman.
We're at war with Japan.
We're not at war with Japan.
I'm taking the minivan.
I don't know what's got into you all of a sudden.
It was a little sudden.
Tom and Mary were nowhere to be seen.
Tom is still nowhere to be seen.
I'm not too encouraged by what I've seen.
Tom is nowhere to been seen.
This is the biggest publicity stunt I've ever seen.
That's the worst mug shot I've ever seen.
I've been on my own since I was thirteen.
I told you that my dad died when I was thirteen.
You're such a drama queen.
We'll be dining in the kitchen.
I guess I'll catch Tom later then.
Tom sat in the chair to have his picture taken.
You're sadly mistaken.
Tom is no spring chicken.
Tom reported his car stolen.
I want to see if I can find out what happened to those men.
They were all strong men.
This is a product for men.
These are dangerous men.
I just never will understand women.
Tom, there are people who think that you murdered these women.
I have the worst luck with women.
I'm not one of those men who hates women.
The door was kicked open.
The window was wide open.
Tom wants everything out in the open.
If you have a problem with me, let's get it out in the open.
Don't go out into the open.
The heavy door swung open.
Let's see if we can pry this door open.
Come in, it's open.
The rear gate was open.
Let's get it open.
I won't let anything bad happen.
If people get scared enough, anything could happen.
I should've anticipated that this would happen.
This is what'll happen.
Tom looked around as if waiting for something to happen.
This is what's going to happen.
Well, it's not going to happen.
Don't worry, it's not going to happen.
This is really going to happen.
That's a disaster waiting to happen.
Tom was an accident waiting to happen.
This place is an accident waiting to happen.
Nothing has to happen.
I couldn't allow that to happen.
We can make this happen.
We can't stand by and let this happen.
I could make that happen.
I could really make that happen.
I guess our job is not to let that happen.
I had to consider what might happen.
I just want it to actually happen.
Most men I meet aren't interested in children.
Tom has always been very protective of his children.
In case something goes wrong, please take care of my children.
Tom never cried, no matter how badly he was beaten.
Tom leaned forward to listen.
Tom leaned down to listen.
I didn't say this was heaven.
That's got to be a good sign.
I guess that's a good sign.
That's usually a good sign.
I have some checks for Tom to sign.
I'm impressed by your design.
Tom must not be permitted to resign.
I've been under considerable pressure to resign.
Tom talked his daughter out of marrying John.
Tom probably didn't think it was likely that Mary would fall in love with John.
Tom has already checked in.
Tom is all tucked in.
I think you know what I'm interested in.
I won't let Tom come in.
You must come in.
That's where you come in.
I'll pay the price for what I believe in.
You've given me nothing to believe in.
You should turn yourself in.
Anyone could just walk in.
Tom paused to let it sink in.
Just let Tom in.
You should turn in.
They want me to go in.
Tom let me sleep in.
I can get us in.
Tom is doing his best to fit in.
Extensive rainfall is expected throughout the region.
Tom was feeling on top of the world after getting a promotion.
That's how Tom got in.
The last thing I want to do is butt in.
I can get you in.
You wouldn't have come if you didn't think there was something to gain.
Tom nodded again.
Tom whistled again.
Tom screamed again.
The door opened again.
Tom sneezed again.
Don't you ever slap Tom around again.
Tom is full of confidence again.
I'd feel happier if you three went outside again.
Tom spoke again.
Tom said he'd never see me again.
You must not fail me again.
Someone may try to kill me again.
Tom has lied to me again.
Tom has done it to me again.
I don't want to see you down here again.
We had intended never to go there again.
Tom might not want to get too close again.
You're being negative again.
You're showing off again.
I won't blow you off again.
Tom is just crying wolf again.
Tom's right eye is twitching again.
I'd like to get this working again.
I can prevent that from happening again.
I had that dream again.
I never laid eyes on Tom again.
The music began again.
Tom never turned up again.
We'll be together again.
I don't want to lose you ever again.
I read it over again.
Tom opened his eyes again.
Tom closed his eyes again.
Tom shut his eyes again.
I'm going to read this again.
Let's try this again.
Tom went upstairs again.
It's a pleasure to have you with us again.
Tom never wore that hat again.
I suppose we won't meet again.
All is quiet again.
I'm not having this fight again.
You'll see it again.
I should've known I'd never see it again.
I'm delighted to see you again.
I couldn't bear to lose you again.
I don't ever want to lose you again.
Look, I'm not going to tell you again.
I'll be back in an hour to check on you again.
Let me know when you want to get underway again.
Tom became angry again.
Tom gave Mary a key on a silver chain.
Somebody's yanking my chain.
Look, I can explain.
I don't think we have anything to explain.
You're getting to be a pain.
I really hate to see you in such pain.
Tom is crouched on the floor, writhing in pain.
Suddenly, Tom grabbed his chest in pain.
I have a low threshold for pain.
Tom rubbed his leg in obvious pain.
Tom is gritting his teeth in obvious pain.
Tom sought shelter from the rain.
I'm racking my brain.
I don't think I'm cut out to be captain.
You've got to be certain.
I've been eating protein.
Tom, maybe you would like to begin.
Let the games begin.
Tom rubbed his chin.
We're stretched a little thin.
They were thin.
Tom is doodling on a cocktail napkin.
Tom blew his nose into his napkin.
Tom would say anything to save his own skin.
Tom is just trying to get under your skin.
Tom nearly jumped out of his skin.
Tom is getting under my skin.
Tom played you like a violin.
You're guilty as sin.
There's no way of telling who'll win.
I can't believe you let Tom win.
You better win.
I'll try to be a better dad to you from here on.
Tom bought some land to build a house on.
Try to hang on.
Tom felt a headache coming on.
I don't have anything going on.
I'm telling you something's going on.
See what's going on.
I'd like to stick around and find out what's going on.
I'll let you know what's going on.
Tom is clearly upset by what's going on.
So much is going on.
Tom is beginning to catch on.
The party's back on.
The ceiling fan is on.
I really don't care what went on.
I'll have everyone call me Tom from now on.
You'll be looking after Tom from now on.
I don't have anyone else to rely on.
We value your opinion.
Tom isn't alone in this opinion.
It's a special occasion.
Tom will need some persuasion.
I think you might need to make a decision.
I'd like to hear your decision.
I'm waiting for your decision.
I await your decision.
Tom had every right to make that decision.
I need it to be my decision.
I'm quite comfortable with my decision.
I just had a vision.
Tom doesn't require much supervision.
We need a diversion.
Tom suffered from depression.
I think I made a good impression.
I see you made a good impression.
Tom didn't want to give the wrong impression.
I make a horrible first impression.
It could be a dangerous mission.
I figured it was better not to do anything without your permission.
I could've done this without your permission.
You have a nasty concussion.
I know you're on vacation.
I've never seen such dedication.
Tom isn't on any medication.
There's been a complication.
It's an ongoing investigation.
I'm trying to conduct an investigation.
I had a revelation.
There might have been a miscalculation.
This is only a simulation.
I've got inside information.
I just received some very disturbing information.
They were collecting information.
Tom gave us some useful information.
Now, all I need is information.
Just don't volunteer any new information.
I'd like to ask you for an explanation.
The boss asked for Tom's resignation.
They're all figments of your imagination.
I'll use my imagination.
Truth is a goal, not a destination.
You could've jeopardized the entire operation.
Tom said that it would be a simple rescue operation.
Come on, Tom, I need a little cooperation.
Tom looks like he's had an inspiration.
You were my inspiration.
Tom is losing his concentration.
Tom isn't good at making conversation.
I'm shocked you could make such an accusation.
Tom sold his car without hesitation.
Tom has just been given an invitation.
I can't believe you missed Tom's graduation.
Tom is trying to make the best of a bad situation.
Tom's very much in control of the situation.
We're on top of the situation.
I don't really think that you're helping the situation.
Let's be calm and consider the situation.
We're in the middle of a delicate situation.
We sympathize with your situation.
Tom has his doubts about this situation.
Tom is now in a very difficult situation.
I've got what looks like an emergency situation.
I can make a reservation.
Take evasive action.
You had a perfectly normal reaction.
Tom could barely hide his reaction.
I can see how that might be your first reaction.
I won't give them the satisfaction.
I think Tom won the election.
I could never win an election.
Tom couldn't calculate the price of the collection.
I thought we had a real connection.
Everyone in the room looked in Tom's direction.
Perhaps you could point us in the right direction.
Tom didn't think he needed protection.
Let's just say it's for your own protection.
It's for your protection.
You're under my protection.
I don't see it as a contradiction.
Tom had no ambition.
I have a skin condition.
I know about your condition.
Tom got in the truck and turned the key in the ignition.
You know my position.
You just bought yourself another day of detention.
I can see why that caught your attention.
That's why you got the promotion.
That's an amusing notion.
You have a visitor in reception.
I can see how you might have that misconception.
Maybe it's a question of perception.
Thank you for giving me the option.
That was never an option.
Letting Tom go wasn't an option.
Staying here isn't an option.
That's hardly an option.
Tom was put up for adoption.
Don't blow things out of proportion.
That's not a question.
Tom sidestepped the question.
Tom kindly answered the question.
A plea bargain is out of the question.
Tom didn't quite know how to respond to the question.
Tom needs to answer the question.
Tom was a little surprised by the question.
Let me ask Tom a simple question.
I could ask you the same question.
That's a mighty fine question.
It was a legitimate question.
That's a really provocative question.
I have just one small question.
Your sanity isn't in question.
I believe that answers your question.
Tom immediately answered Mary's question.
I'm done with this question.
I'm not in a position to answer that question.
Tom couldn't resist asking Mary that question.
Perhaps we should ask a different question.
Tom proceeded to the next question.
Tom nodded in response to my question.
That seems to be a sensible precaution.
We have an elegant solution.
I'm glad we already have so much in common.
It's barely noon.
I'm taking my boat out this afternoon.
It was a great afternoon.
I have a meeting with Tom tomorrow afternoon.
Everyone hopes the recession will end soon.
Your time will come soon.
It'll wear off soon.
Don't worry, you'll get your voice back soon.
Tom didn't come too soon.
You'll be one of us soon.
We'll have you back here very soon.
I have a feeling you'll be going very soon.
Tom looked for a weapon.
Maybe you should give me that weapon.
Tom had always wanted a son.
I think Tom would be a good name for our son.
Tom told me he had information on your son.
I want to be a father to your son.
Tom embraced his son.
You said Tom loved his son.
Tom couldn't find his son.
Tom was friends with my son.
Get away from my son.
I don't like to smile unless I have a reason.
I brought you here for a reason.
Tell me there's a reason.
Tom might have done the right thing for the wrong reason.
That isn't a good enough reason.
That's not a good enough reason.
I thought you had another reason.
It'd be treason.
I'm placing you under arrest for treason.
It's now planting season.
I know Tom will eventually get out of prison.
They've both been released from prison.
Tom wouldn't last a month in prison.
I think Tom is still in prison.
I want to make sure people like you end up in prison.
You're going back to prison.
I won't go back to prison.
Tom went to prison.
We're charging you with the murder of Tom Jackson.
The name on the card is Tom Jackson.
I've always felt more like a tiger than a person.
You're a very privileged person.
Tom isn't a stable person.
I'm a people person.
You're a very perceptive person.
You're a strong person.
You're an evil person.
Tom isn't a truthful person.
I can tell you're a warm person.
Tom is just an ordinary person.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to teach you a lesson.
I want to prove to you I've learned my lesson.
The truth is I've always liked Boston.
If I were you, I would quit my job and leave Boston.
It's Tom calling from Boston.
I'm planning on getting a job in Boston.
I went home and told my wife about the job in Boston.
You're finished in Boston.
Tom's friend is getting married in Boston.
Tom bragged about what happened in Boston.
Tom is stationed in Boston.
I have a wife back home in Boston.
Tom returned to his home in Boston.
I'm not ready to run a car dealership in Boston.
Tom and I partied together one night last year in Boston.
We met after your show the other night in Boston.
Well, one day I'll buy you a beer and you can tell me about the time you spent in Boston.
I need you in Boston.
I think I have about enough time to get the train to Boston.
It's not like I really want to go to Boston.
Tom disapproved of my trip to Boston.
We've got a charter flight waiting to take us to Boston.
We're trying to get to Boston.
Tom took a commercial flight to Boston.
Tom, I need you on the next flight to Boston.
We picked a hitchhiker up on the way to Boston.
We're halfway to Boston.
Tom used to ask me so many questions about Boston.
Tom put some change into the vending machine and punched a button.
Tom pushed the speaker phone button.
My biggest problem will be deciding what to do with all the money I just won.
Tom feigned concern.
Tom and Mary exchanged a look of concern.
That's of no concern.
Your safety isn't our concern.
My relationship with Tom isn't your concern.
I'm going to make Tom wish he'd never been born.
This is no time to be stubborn.
We need time to mourn.
I don't know where else to turn.
I have nowhere else to turn.
I don't have anywhere else to turn.
I want something in return.
I may not return.
That's part of the fun.
You used to be so much fun.
I wish you didn't look like you were having so much fun.
You've had your fun.
Let Tom have his fun.
Being a policeman isn't any fun.
The guy had a gun.
I've never even touched a gun.
I don't wear a gun.
We have them on the run.
We'll be better off in the long run.
Tom tried to run.
Tom started to run.
You better run.
You will be on your own.
I think you need to figure this out on your own.
I think you've got to work this out on your own.
I'm told that Tom likes to work on his own.
Tom's personal life is his own.
I've been doing some calculations of my own.
I don't know how I'd survive on my own.
The laughter died down.
I think Tom has calmed down.
I heard that Tom was gunned down.
The car slowed down.
I let my guard down.
I need you to keep your voice down.
Tom knows I'm not the type to settle down.
You wore me down.
You're bringing me down.
I don't want those guys hunting me down.
I'm supposed to track someone down.
Pipe down.
Put the bag down.
Tom feared falling down.
Tom isn't about to back down.
Tom wouldn't back down.
I think a drink would help me calm down.
I think we need to all calm down.
I think everybody should try to calm down.
We're trying to track Tom down.
I'm closing this operation down.
Tom put his glass down.
They turned us down.
That's how it went down.
I'm putting my foot down.
I'm going to put my foot down.
I feel like I let you down.
The fuse is blown.
We'll begin a systematic search of the town.
We're the talk of the town.
The circus is in town.
Tom Jackson practically built this town.
I'm going to drop you off downtown.
Tom has got more restraint than I do.
You know you want it to happen as much as I do.
You need sleep as much as I do.
Tom has the same rash as I do.
You know that as well as I do.
It's what I'd do.
There's something we could do.
You know what I think we should do.
It's not what we do.
I think that'll do.
I guess that'll do.
Never tell the truth when a lie will do.
There's only one thing I can do.
I'll tell you what I can do.
Tom knows there's only one thing he can do.
It's the only thing Tom can do.
I didn't care what I had to do.
Tom realized what he had to do.
The rights of every man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened.
He is much older than her.
This is what Tom is supposed to do.
I was prepared to do anything they asked me to do.
It'll have to do.
I guess there's only one thing to do.
I just think it's the right thing to do.
I know it's the right thing to do.
I have literally nothing to do.
I have a lot of gardening to do.
It's not like you knew what they were going to do.
I already know what I'm going to do.
I've got some photocopying to do.
That's what you're trying to do.
Tom isn't quite ready to do what you're asking him to do.
This isn't an easy thing for Tom to do.
That's what Tom likes to do.
That's not something Tom really wants to do.
I see no reason for us to do what Tom told us to do.
You're in no position to tell me what to do.
We don't need Tom telling us what to do.
We were hoping you could tell us what to do.
That's exactly the kind of thing I don't want to do.
Do what your heart tells you to do.
That'll never do.
That's what I always do.
There's a price on my head for a murder I didn't do.
When we were younger, there was nothing that we couldn't do.
Tom loves everything you do.
I don't want to talk to Tom any more than you do.
I've never seen anyone enjoy reading as much as you do.
We care for Tom as much as you do.
Tom doesn't kiss nearly as well as you do.
I have no control over what you do.
Tom clicked the remote to stop the video.
I'm going to give it a go.
It's too late for me, but you could go.
You need to let this one go.
Of course Tom will go.
I never should've let Tom go.
I can't believe you just let Tom go.
Just let the woman go.
Tom turned to go.
I didn't ask whether you wanted to go.
We're good to go.
I assume we're free to go.
Look, I have to go.
There's nowhere for Tom to go.
You're clear to go.
I'll see to it that you get to go.
The party's over. You've got to go.
That's not the way to go.
We better go.
You better go.
OK, people, let's go.
You know how these things go.
Something told me you wouldn't let this go.
I let it go.
We're letting you go.
That's why we let you go.
I couldn't just let you go.
Tom should've never let Mary go.
You lost me a long time ago.
I needed you a long time ago.
Tom was pretty worked up about an hour ago.
I asked for this thirty minutes ago.
You should have enrolled your children months ago.
Tom died in his sleep three years ago.
Tom isn't what he was three years ago.
Tom's wife died a few years ago.
You're just like Tom was thirty years ago.
You should've been asleep hours ago.
Tom nearly killed himself a few hours ago.
Tom just bought it a couple of days ago.
Tom went missing several days ago.
Tom's parents sent him to Boston because he kept getting into trouble in Chicago.
I gave Tom a coffee mug with our company logo.
Tom sang along with the radio.
Tom turned the dial on the radio.
Tom smiled hello.
Somebody should say hello.
Tom told me I should go, but I said no.
Hey, if that's what you want to do, I'm not going to say no.
Remember, Tom, just say no.
Tom didn't exactly say no.
I still say we should've bought that piano.
Tom is probably dead, too.
Tom laughed, too.
I've been getting a little sunburned, too.
Tom's got a real bad headache, too.
Get me a slice of pie, too.
I know you care about me, too.
I imagine that's what's going to happen the next time, too.
I can only guess that you probably want one, too.
That's what I was wondering, too.
I'm under suspicion, too.
I know what you were thinking, because I was thinking it, too.
I know what you were feeling, because I was feeling it, too.
That's what I want, too.
I've allowed for that possibility, too.
Tom was a war hero.
I intend to go on doing so.
You're authorized to do so.
You were wise to do so.
I remember telling you so.
Don't let anyone in there without Tom's say-so.
If you don't understand what's going on, just say so.
If you don't understand a question, just say so.
Tom didn't want to reveal more than he had to.
It's not nice being lied to.
It's a lot to get used to.
I can't go even if I wanted to.
I can put it back in the drawer if you want me to.
I can arrest you if I have to.
Tell us exactly where you're heading to.
I forgot who I was talking to.
I've got someone here you might want to talk to.
Find somebody to talk to.
Tom has nowhere to run to.
You gave me something to live up to.
I want to know what Tom's up to.
I think I'm going to go see what Tom is up to.
I need you in my office pronto.
Tom is wanted for grand theft auto.
We must never confuse the two.
I've been known to tell a joke or two.
These are so cheap. We should buy enough for the next year or two.
They'll put you up for a day or two.
Settle down you two.
That's a wrap.
It must be the company I keep.
You had quite a sleep.
Tom got eight hours of uninterrupted sleep.
I suggested that Tom get some sleep.
Tom was allowed to sleep.
A couple of these ought to put me to sleep.
Now I'm definitely not going to sleep.
Tom hung up the phone and went back to sleep.
We just got Tom to go to sleep.
You better sleep.
Get something to eat and have a good night's sleep.
It'll help you sleep.
A noise aroused me from my sleep.
Tom is lying in bed, asleep.
Tom was still asleep.
Tom is lying in bed, fast asleep.
Get lost, you creep.
Read it and weep.
You have to take the first step.
You don't give orders on this ship.
I'm in a relationship.
We've always had a good relationship.
Tom has never been in a serious relationship.
Tom will be denied membership.
Tom chewed his lip.
Don't give me any lip.
Tom is making preparations for a trip.
I know it's been a long trip.
We'll do our best to make it an uneventful trip.
If they asked, we could help.
Tom is beyond help.
Tom gestured for Mary to come help.
I could do with some help.
Tom's too far gone to help.
I refuse to help.
We're more than willing to help.
That medicine isn't going to help.
Tom clearly wants to help.
I believe you want to help.
Tom was only too happy to help.
Tom is ashamed to ask for help.
Tom is too proud to ask others for help.
Tom was anxious for help.
The country needs your help.
I need to enlist your help.
I want Tom to know that we appreciate his help.
It doesn't help.
My palms are damp.
We hit a bump.
Tom seems to be in a slump.
That's why you're a cop.
I'm an undercover cop.
Tom is in the office working on his laptop.
Tom's car screeched to a stop.
We have an unscheduled stop.
I just wanted to stop.
When's this going to stop.
I'm not about to stop.
I heard Tom gasp.
Tom heard Mary gasp.
I know where you ended up.
Tom has been roughed up.
You're all washed up.
I'm washed up.
Call when you want to be picked up.
Tom is all worked up.
The crowd was worked up.
I know where Tom is holed up.
I don't believe in keeping my feelings bottled up.
I've already got a buyer lined up.
Tom seemed pretty messed up.
Tom knows he's really screwed up.
Tom is lying flat on the floor, face up.
Tom is going to try and blow the place up.
I just thought we could make up.
I can't believe you stood me up.
I need you to back me up.
Tom really cracks me up.
It never really came up.
Something else has just come up.
Tom just doesn't measure up.
I never saw you as the type of person who'd give up.
Tom is standing up.
I've got a window that needs boarding up.
I was just finishing up.
I need to clear something up.
I didn't open anything up.
That could've screwed everything up.
I'll screw everything up.
Tom may have died without ever waking up.
I was just closing up.
Tom is just finishing setting up.
We're not splitting up.
The point is, we aren't giving up.
It's all Tom can do to catch up.
We better wash up.
Tom was badly shook up.
I know you're making it all up.
You guys should team up.
Tom is pretty shaken up.
OK people, listen up.
I'll let you know what we turn up.
Wow, you've really grown up.
I could tell something was up.
Tom packed his things up.
It's difficult to tell which side is up.
You screwed this up.
Please tell me you're making this up.
We can't keep this up.
I didn't make those answers up.
We're three floors up.
Tom is pretty beat up.
Tom made himself get up.
If I sit down, I'm afraid I wouldn't want to get up.
I don't appreciate being set up.
I knew I was being set up.
I think you've been set up.
Somebody must've picked it up.
I don't think Tom made it up.
I got to be pretty good at guitar before I gave it up.
Something told me not to pick it up.
That about wraps it up.
That's why I brought it up.
I'm embarrassed I even brought it up.
It's not safe to split up.
Tom got up.
I'm not trying to pick you up.
Someone told me to look you up.
Maybe this'll cheer you up.
They'll cheer you up.
They'll put you up.
That's where I grew up.
It's time you grew up.
I can't believe Tom has the nerve to show up.
I think I'm going to throw up.
Tom looks like he's going to throw up.
I just wanted to give you a heads-up.
Tom set down his cup.
I'm going to need some backup.
Tom served in the Gulf War.
Tom is the only customer in the bar.
Tom was cowering behind his bar.
You don't even have a car.
Tom can't buy himself a car.
I assume I'll have access to a car.
I need to grab something from the car.
My kid was in the car.
Tom has been waiting for ten minutes in the car.
I kept walking to the car.
Tom leaped into the car.
Tom swerved hard, losing control of his car.
Tom walked away from his car.
I don't want another car, I want my car.
Tom is grinning from ear to ear.
Let me whisper in your ear.
Tom started the engine and put it in gear.
Collect your gear.
That was the last thing I expected to hear.
That's what I like to hear.
I'm not going to say anything you want to hear.
Tom kept his voice low so nobody could overhear.
The rules are clear.
I don't know how to be more clear.
Let me make one thing clear.
The law is clear.
I know you're near.
Tom couldn't seem to find anything suitable to wear.
I didn't mean it, I swear.
I haven't seen you in like a year.
I almost ran the marathon last year.
I know you lost your father last year.
That was last year.
Tom lost his son early last year.
It gets better every year.
I don't know why they have to do this every year.
Tom couldn't have gotten far.
Look at what we have so far.
I didn't mean for it to go this far.
You don't know what I've had to do to get this far.
I never thought Tom would make it this far.
You don't have to go that far.
I didn't make it very far.
Tom was smoking a cigar.
You must be quite a liar.
That's why you look so familiar.
You seem really familiar.
That was pretty peculiar.
Tom grabbed Mary by the collar.
This is very irregular.
You've ruined my chances at being popular.
Get rid of that stupid guitar.
There isn't going to be a war.
We're in the middle of a war.
Tom looks like a prisoner of war.
That's what I remember.
I'll tell you what I remember.
It's hard to remember.
Just take a number.
Tom tried to get Mary's phone number.
Hey, I should get your number.
I was told I could reach Tom at this number.
The mood is sober.
I know about your cancer.
Tom isn't a charismatic leader.
You're not exactly an outsider.
Tom gently touched Mary's shoulder.
Tom nudged Mary with his shoulder.
Tom rested his hand on my shoulder.
I don't need you looking over my shoulder.
I don't want you looking over my shoulder.
You have three minutes to surrender.
I could've been a contender.
My dog cowers under the table whenever he hears thunder.
I feel like you should have to work a little harder.
It's getting harder.
No one fires until I give the order.
You have only to give the order.
It's a special order.
Your papers seem to be in order.
I'm told congratulations are in order.
I suppose congratulations are in order.
Everything looks in order.
Tom is completing your order.
We're awaiting your order.
I gave you a direct order.
Tom has no history of any mental disorder.
We're here to investigate a murder.
We're investigating a murder.
It'd be murder.
You had just enough time to drive to Boston and commit the murder.
We're investigating a possible murder.
Tom isn't guilty of murder.
Tom may be an accessory to murder.
Tom has been booked for murder.
Tom was sent to jail for murder.
Tom went to prison for murder.
I'm working with the police to solve his murder.
It's getting louder.
I couldn't be prouder.
I could use a beer.
I could really go for a beer.
You like anyone who buys you a beer.
Tom only drinks that brand of beer.
Tom took a swig of beer.
I bet you could drink a lot of beer.
Let Tom buy the next beer.
We hit a deer.
You're the engineer.
I assume you're here to volunteer.
I assume you're not here to volunteer.
It'd be safer to do it my way.
I appreciate the offer.
I have so much to offer.
Tom was completely surprised by Mary's offer.
Tom is withdrawing his offer.
I don't see why we should have to suffer.
Tom wants them to suffer.
I know Tom made you suffer.
Tom is subject to fits of anger.
Tom felt nothing except anger.
I think Tom was in some kind of danger.
Cowards run at the first sign of danger.
A coward runs at the first sign of danger.
Tom is quite clearly out of danger.
You're putting your life in danger.
These kids are in danger.
My friends are in danger.
Your lives are in danger.
Tom thinks I'm always putting myself in danger.
How did you bring in the new year?
Tom's life's in danger.
Tom told me my life's in danger.
Tom thought his life was in danger.
Tom certainly knew his life was in danger.
Tom believes his life is in danger.
The entire city is in danger.
Our lives are constantly in danger.
Tom is currently in danger.
We're in no danger.
It's my guess they're in no danger.
Tom was exposed to danger.
You're in great danger.
Your lives are in great danger.
There's great danger.
We think Tom might be in imminent danger.
Tom is a complete stranger.
Tom wasn't a perfect stranger.
I'm only the messenger.
Tom held up a finger.
Tom lost a finger.
Tom held up one finger.
Tom may not be around much longer.
I don't know if I can put up with this noise any longer.
Tom couldn't contain himself any longer.
I couldn't stand my job, so I quit.
Tom can't take it any longer.
They don't exist any longer.
I can't possibly stay any longer.
It's getting stronger.
I've never felt stronger.
We rented a house on this lake every summer when our children were younger.
Let's get to it. I'm not getting any younger.
I don't feel right about not telling her.
You know, Tom, I didn't appreciate you hitting on her after I specifically told you I was interested in her.
Mary liked the fact that Tom and John were fighting over her.
Tom isn't fit to be a teacher.
It just so happens, I'm a teacher.
I always thought you should've been a teacher.
We're birds of a feather.
Tom is a little under the weather.
We were rerouted because of weather.
I know what it's like to lose a father.
Tom wasn't much of a father.
Tom is my biological father.
I know you're desperate to find your father.
I was married to a man who looked exactly like your father.
Tom embraced his father.
I'm old enough to be your grandfather.
I'm named after your grandfather.
I want all the information about the situation you can gather.
You two were good together.
Get your life together.
Tom thought we'd all die together.
We'll all die together.
Tom and Mary stood real close together.
You two were always so cute together.
Now pull yourself together.
We were all in that meeting together.
We wives have to stick together.
I love the way you and Tom work together.
Tom and John moved in together.
We could've had some fun together.
Tom clasped his hands together.
We'll solve this together.
We had three wonderful years together.
It'll keep us together.
Tom and Mary sat together.
We'll solve it together.
Tom is trying to keep it together.
Tom can barely keep it together.
You're not allowed to smile either.
This one's not working either.
I don't find this interesting either.
Don't give me any back talk either.
I can't see you either.
In other words, you don't know either.
Tom and Mary confronted each other.
I believe we understand each other.
I think we understand each other.
That's why we like each other.
Tom and Mary sat opposite each other.
We dig each other.
They whispered to each other.
Tom and Mary clung to each other.
I don't think we're meant for each other.
Tom and I were meant for each other.
They stared longingly at each other.
We're not even sure we want to get to know each other.
I can't bother.
You haven't told me about your mother.
You smell just like my mother.
Tom and Mary instantly recognized one another.
They stared apprehensively at one another.
Tom is often confused with his brother.
I don't think we have to go any further.
Tom was a soldier's soldier.
It looks like some kind of air purifier.
I really liked what you said earlier.
I should've said something earlier.
I saw you and Tom earlier.
The boat crashed into the pier.
Nothing could've made Tom happier.
We have information that suggests that Tom may have known his attacker.
We think that Tom probably knew his attacker.
I'm not a stalker.
Tom is a successful banker.
Tom is no investment banker.
I've always been an independent thinker.
I knew you were a smuggler.
Tom sketched a picture of the killer.
I set a trap for the prowler.
Tom was a champion long-distance swimmer.
I'm an excellent listener.
I don't think I'm that much of a complainer.
This one's a no-brainer.
That's quite a shiner.
I'll not be spoken to in this manner.
I would've told you earlier, but I didn't want to ruin dinner.
I guess I should've asked you out to dinner.
I never asked you to dinner.
Tell me over dinner.
I've got people coming for dinner.
I'll see you at dinner.
I guess I'll see you at dinner.
We should get dinner.
I think we have a winner.
I'm surprised this didn't come up sooner.
It's a pity you didn't tell somebody sooner.
I have a prisoner.
I don't need a partner.
Tom is my dance partner.
The hotel told Tom that no more rooms were available at the price that was advertised in the paper.
Tom glanced over the paper.
Tom glanced at the paper.
I've never seen so much paper.
I was wondering if you might consent to an interview for my paper.
We need to dig deeper.
Tom has got quite a temper.
I've heard you have a secret admirer.
I've canceled the fundraiser.
Tom is a big time loser.
Tom is a complete loser.
Tom is an excellent kisser.
Tom is a really sloppy kisser.
It'll make sense later.
Tom didn't calm down until much later.
Let's meet up for a drink later.
I'll try to pop in later.
Maybe we can catch up later.
We can take this up later.
Tom knew it would happen sooner or later.
Tom returned home three hours later.
Tom arrived three days later.
Catch you guys later.
Just give me my share of the water.
Tom stayed in the water.
Tom's lifeless body floated on the water.
Maybe I should go get you some water.
Tom was carrying a glass of water.
I've always found Tom to be a good judge of character.
I've always said Tom is an excellent judge of character.
You're not the one we're after.
Tom always wanted a daughter.
Tom is married with a three-year-old daughter.
Tom was married to Mary's oldest daughter.
I don't want you anywhere near my daughter.
Hello, I'm Tom and I'll be your waiter.
Tom is a published writer.
You're the writer.
Tom is a speech writer.
Tom bought three packages of ink for his printer.
Tom's pulse beat faster.
The walls are white plaster.
It's not going to be a disaster.
My life is a disaster.
Everything goes in the dumpster.
That happens to be an unrelated matter.
Let's cut right to the heart of the matter.
I can try to talk to Tom about the matter.
This is a grave matter.
I'd like to have a word with you on another matter.
Well, I've had better.
You've looked better.
I just want my dad to be better.
The less delay, the better.
The sooner they leave the better.
At least now I understand Tom a little better.
You could do so much better.
I knew you could do so much better.
It made me feel better.
Tom began to feel better.
That should make you feel better.
Maybe it's time you got to know Tom better.
Well, I've been better.
I'm sure it will get better.
I just want my dad to get better.
All we can do is hope things get better.
It will only get better.
I can always make it better.
That'll make Tom feel a lot better.
I've never slept better.
I want to get to know my father-in-law better.
It's not likely to get any better.
Tom lost no time answering the letter.
Tom responded very quickly to my letter.
Tom is a potential babysitter.
The room gradually got hotter.
I don't need a computer.
It's only a computer.
Tom is in his office sitting at his computer.
Tom is more determined than ever.
Tom needs you now more than ever.
Tom is the worst director ever.
Tom is running a fever.
Tom seems to have a touch of fever.
I suppose you think you're very clever.
I suppose you think that was pretty clever.
You can't protect Tom forever.
I haven't seen you in forever.
We can't live together forever.
Tom and I'll be best friends forever.
Tom has left us forever.
You're the driver.
Tom is the fastest driver.
It'll never be over.
We have to pull over.
We'll have a sleep over.
Thank goodness that's over.
Tom is glad it's over.
Tom won't even know what you did until it's over.
I'll let you know when it's over.
Tell me this is over.
I guess this is over.
This interview is over.
Dinner is almost over.
I can't believe this is really over.
Keep under cover.
Everyone ran for cover.
Tom didn't want to blow his cover.
Tom needs to recover.
I'm going to hit the shower.
I've turned off most of the lights to save power.
You already know the answer.
Tom gave an evasive answer.
That's not a good enough answer.
I think I deserve an answer.
I'm not even going to dignify that with an answer.
Tom asked Mary a question, but didn't bother waiting for an answer.
I really can't take no for an answer.
Tom wants an answer.
There are questions that only Tom can answer.
Tom put a CD in the CD player.
Tom is a team player.
Don't ever tell me I'm not a team player.
You're a real team player.
Tom hasn't got a prayer.
Tom shoved his wet clothes into the dryer.
That's why I need a lawyer.
My husband was a lawyer.
Tom said Mary went to a divorce lawyer.
Tom was supposed to be our lawyer.
You could be a great lawyer.
Change is in the air.
I'm glad we had this chance to clear the air.
I just wanted some air.
I don't think it would be fair.
I believe I have been more than fair.
I have long blonde hair.
I've got sand in my hair.
Tom was slouched in a chair.
Tom settled himself in a chair.
Tom pulled up a chair.
Tom fell asleep sitting up in the chair.
Tom pushed Mary into the chair.
Tom is strapped into a high chair.
Tom slumped in his chair.
Tom fidgeted in his chair.
Tom rocked back and forth in his chair.
Tom collapsed into his chair.
It's a pleasure to meet you, sir.
Your table is ready, sir.
Tom didn't stir.
Don't risk everything you've worked for.
I went to get the file you asked for.
Tom is still going through the files, looking for the information you asked for.
I suppose an explanation is called for.
It's everything we could've hoped for.
It's more than we could have hoped for.
Tom wants his mother properly cared for.
I'll buy Tom that pony he's always bugging me for.
I'll get what I came for.
I've been doing what we came for.
You have so much to live for.
You have plenty of things to live for.
I'm not sure I have the answers you're looking for.
This isn't what I'm looking for.
I'm not worth dying for.
That's one question Tom doesn't have an answer for.
Tom has a lot to answer for.
I hate everything Tom stands for.
This is the job Tom pays us for.
It's not Tom you have to watch out for.
Tom is embarrassed by his son's behavior.
I regret my recent behavior.
I don't need a counselor.
I don't want to talk to a counselor.
Tom was a sailor.
You didn't tell me Tom had a sense of humor.
I can neither confirm or deny that rumor.
It was an honor.
Tom has talked about running for governor.
Tom angrily rattled the locked door.
Tom slipped out the side door.
Tom stepped into his office and closed the door.
Tom nodded toward the door.
Tom came through the door.
Tom emerged from the door.
Tom backed away from the door.
I need you to open the door.
Tom nodded and headed for the door.
Tom turned and headed for the door.
Tom appeared at the door.
Tom ducked out the door.
Tom stumbled out the door.
Tom opened the truck door.
Tom arrived at Mary's house and let himself in the kitchen door.
Tom wheeled his bike out the front door.
I awoke on the floor.
Tom is slouched down on the floor.
I want you to lie down face down on the floor.
Tom was on the floor.
Get on the floor.
Tom was knocked to the floor.
Tom walked across the floor.
I can feel Tom's terror.
Tom was combing his hair in front of a mirror.
Tom undressed in front of the mirror.
How do you look at yourself in the mirror?
You deserve to be supervisor.
I've already picked my successor.
Blame your predecessor.
You really are quite a skillful investigator.
You're one savvy negotiator.
Get me a defibrillator.
Tom lacks the talent to be an actor.
I guess we're going to need a doctor.
I know where to find a good doctor.
Get me another doctor.
Tom is a parasailing instructor.
Tom practically accused me of being a traitor.
Tom has a visitor.
We were returning a favor.
I do owe Tom a favor.
Just do me one last favor.
I want to show it to Tom within the hour.
I've arranged for your arraignment in one hour.
You've got one hour.
We've been sitting here for over an hour.
Tom makes three hundred dollars an hour.
You'll have it in about an hour.
I assumed you'd be up at this hour.
I thought I'd make a little detour.
I can't tell if any of the cars are Tom's.
The choice was Tom's.
You're in the early stages of Alzheimer's.
I have several ideas.
Tom has the oddest ideas.
It's a simple matter for me to reconnect the gas.
Fruit gives me gas.
I need to be with my kids for Christmas.
I had no way of knowing where Tom was.
I'll show you exactly where Tom was.
I couldn't tell you who that was.
I want everything put back where it was.
I wish I knew for certain what it was.
That's not how it was.
That's just how it was.
I can't go back to the way it was.
They'll find us jobs.
Tom changed his tactics.
There's still a price on our heads.
There's a price on our heads.
I don't have any job leads.
We need to improve the odds.
I finally beat the odds.
You said to give Tom what he needs.
I'm trying to be sensitive to your needs.
We both have urgent needs.
Tom is coming over to help with the kids.
I'm remembering when we were kids.
I've had it up to here with those kids.
Tom ran out on me and my kids.
Stop gossiping about my kids.
My whole life's in your hands.
Tom's life is in your hands.
Tom yanked the rifle out of Mary's hands.
Tom buried his face in his hands.
Tom rested his chin on his hands.
Tom held out his hands.
You have very steady hands.
I suggest we agree to Tom's demands.
So what I told you still stands.
Tom is going to want to tie up some loose ends.
I'm just tying up some loose ends.
It's a good time to catch up with old friends.
You and I need to be friends.
We're not here to make friends.
You once said we were friends.
We've become the very best of friends.
Tom must be very hard up for friends.
I was hoping you would want to get to know our friends.
We're sorry for making you look stupid in front of your friends.
I just had dinner with some of Tom's friends.
Tom was supposed to meet some of his friends.
You said you and Tom weren't exactly friends.
I'm just talking to my friends.
It'll just take three seconds.
If anything happens, we'll be in in three seconds.
Tom isn't in the best of moods.
I thought Tom lived in this neck of the woods.
Tom is from my neck of the woods.
The gang is in Tom's basement playing cards.
You have things backwards.
They were cowards.
You sure have a way with words.
If you don't mind, I'd like to say a few words.
Tom saw many familiar faces.
I can't wait to see their faces.
You should've seen their faces.
Tom couldn't make out their faces.
I know the world's gone to pieces.
We just have to make the right choices.
These are very sophisticated devices.
Tom couldn't take any chances.
You have to understand the circumstances.
Tom is doing a good job under very difficult circumstances.
Tom got down on his knees.
Tom likes what he sees.
There are no guarantees.
They've been gone ages.
I feel like we haven't hung out in ages.
I used to worry about the difference in our ages.
I've got to check my messages.
Our main concern is with the safety of the hostages.
Tom is rough around the edges.
Tom was never convicted of those charges.
Tom was jailed on trumped-up charges.
I'm not going to press charges.
Someone's been playing with matches.
Both Tom and Mary checked their own watches.
I was just doing the dishes.
Tom was at the sink washing dishes.
We have extra toothbrushes.
I think I should put on some clothes.
Tom is now dressed in casual clothes.
Tom is in casual clothes.
Tom didn't want his neighbors to see him without clothes.
I don't like touching dead bodies.
Tom is diligent in his studies.
You have my deepest apologies.
I offer my apologies.
I need supplies.
I need more supplies.
I need some new supplies.
I see no reason for us to be enemies.
Tom named names and made a lot of enemies.
Tom is helping us with our inquiries.
I know all the theories.
Hardly anyone even tries.
Well, I don't know where you're from, but in Boston, people who want jobs wear ties.
I have full confidence in your abilities.
Think of the possibilities.
Tom let his mind wander, considering the possibilities.
Tom made the most of his opportunities.
There are too many difficulties.
We have to support whatever decision Tom makes.
Tom slammed on his brakes.
Just don't tell me any more jokes.
I know a million jokes.
This is no time for jokes.
I'm waiting tables.
You're losing your marbles.
It sounded like you'd lost your marbles.
I don't like needles.
Tom lighted his candles.
The room was lit by candles.
I suppose you've already managed to copy the files.
We're going to have to confiscate your files.
There were shackles around Tom's ankles.
Let Tom fight his own battles.
I fight my own battles.
It's not like we made up the rules.
We were playing by the rules.
Tom isn't playing by the rules.
Tom likes to play mind games.
Look, Tom, I'm tired of playing games.
Quit playing games.
I'm not in the mood for games.
I can name names.
I need their names.
Tom called the office three times.
Get with the times.
Tom has done it enough times.
We've had this conversation a million times.
Tom can be trying at times.
Tom nodded his head a few times.
I guess this has happened a few times.
I do pray sometimes.
They planted bombs outside our homes.
Fire up the engines.
I feel it in my bones.
If you don't know, maybe Tom does.
Tell me what your father does.
Tom looks like he always does.
Let's see what it does.
I guess that's just the way it goes.
You're going to need better shoes.
I didn't spit on your shoes.
Tom used to shine my shoes.
Tom is going to show me the ropes.
It's not like anybody cares.
The plan is to buy half a million dollars worth of shares.
That's going to give me nightmares.
I won't have Tom doing your chores.
I'm going to show you some pictures.
You can't even tell it's me in those pictures.
Tom has helped the police with several major cases.
I'm sure they'll come to their senses.
I'm glad to see you've come to your senses.
You'll probably be swamped with responses.
Now hurry up and get ready. I want to get to the store before it closes.
Tom, hold your horses.
Neither one of us rides horses.
I take a few night courses.
Tom is wearing an expensive pair of glasses.
Tom smothered his daughter with kisses.
I'm done making excuses.
We're just two friends who happen to be roommates.
Tom is on good terms with his classmates.
Tom neither reads nor writes.
It'll just take three minutes.
We're giving you about ten minutes.
I'll catch up with you in a few minutes.
I'm sure it can wait a few minutes.
I need everybody in the conference room in thirty minutes.
Patience isn't one of my virtues.
You're digging your own graves.
We're here to save lives.
It saved our lives.
All we can do now is go on with our lives.
Tom and I owe you our lives.
Hold on for your lives.
Tom is an expert at throwing knives.
I appreciate your motives.
We have a right to defend ourselves.
We wish to improve ourselves.
Tom wants us to improve ourselves.
I think we should be proud of ourselves.
Let's not lie to ourselves.
I knew we had to fend for ourselves.
We feel really good about ourselves.
I hope you're proud of yourselves.
I always thought Tom was raised by wolves.
Tom pulled on a pair of rubber gloves.
Tom began to remove his gloves.
Shoot anything that moves.
I think a glass of wine would help me calm my nerves.
I paid my taxes.
Tom is carefully stacking the boxes.
Tom is in his office, packing books into boxes.
Tom never did like long goodbyes.
The time has come for goodbyes.
I'm not that good at goodbyes.
Tom looked Mary in the eyes.
I saw the look of terror in Tom's eyes.
Tom signaled Mary with his eyes.
Tom undressed Mary with his eyes.
Look at those legs.
You have great legs.
I just thought I'd stretch my legs.
Tom made a great deal of money working on oil rigs.
That's what happens when drivers do stupid things.
I can use all these things.
I know you've become more open-minded about these things.
You can still do those things.
Let's look at the positive side of things.
We're not interested in such things.
I'm sorry we have to ask you such things.
Perhaps you overthink things.
I'm fairly good with mechanical things.
I know you've seen some awful things.
You have to be very careful not to overdo things.
You say the sweetest things.
You should trust me when I tell you things.
You revealed your feelings.
Don't be ashamed of your feelings.
I know about your feelings.
Tom is in touch with his feelings.
Give me a minute to get my bearings.
I've completely lost my bearings.
I've been waiting in the wings.
Tom's not doing that many drugs.
We were together for about three months.
We were only together a few months.
I have to find out what that music is.
I can't imagine what the trouble is.
I can't even remember what my name is.
We should find out when Tom's funeral is.
Tom knows all too well what the problem is.
I've been where Tom is.
I forgot how sensitive Tom is.
I'm just curious what your plan is.
I don't know what your situation is.
We'll go wherever the action is.
I have to know who my father is.
I don't believe I know where that is.
I'm afraid to ask what that is.
You must tell me who it is.
We're on pretty shaky ground as it is.
I'm just telling you how it is.
Now I'm going to tell you how it is.
I'm afraid that's just the way it is.
I guess that's just the way it is.
You have no idea how expensive having a baby is.
It looks a lot worse than it really is.
Look, I need this.
Nobody could've planned this.
I couldn't have planned this.
Tom hadn't really expected this.
Tom is going to think I was behind this.
I can't believe you just made this.
Wait'll you see this.
They won't all be like this.
I don't know why I'm acting like this.
I'm sorry to barge in like this.
I don't like you going off on your own like this.
It's like this.
I've always been lucky with things like this.
I've never had a night like this.
You just can't put a price on a moment like this.
I don't like you like this.
I didn't mean to deceive you like this.
I'm not used to seeing you like this.
I'm not usually like this.
I can settle this.
Tom would've never done this.
I don't wish to debate this.
Tom doesn't deserve this.
Get a load of this.
Please don't breathe a word of this.
I don't know quite what to make of this.
I can't believe Tom could be capable of this.
Tom has had about enough of this.
I don't like the look of this.
You started all of this.
I'm completely cool about all of this.
I'm so sorry about all of this.
Get a shot of this.
I'm not going to be a part of this.
You should've stayed out of this.
Keep me out of this.
I would just as soon not make a big deal out of this.
Let's not make a big deal out of this.
I can get us out of this.
I know Tom will get out of this.
You can get out of this.
I haven't agreed to any of this.
I'm watching this.
I'm starting to get a bad feeling this.
You're the one doing this.
I could make a fortune doing this.
I don't see any reason for doing this.
I'm not comfortable discussing this.
I'm using this.
I assume you'll be investigating this.
Tom looks like he was half expecting this.
I can't believe you're saying this.
I can't believe I'm saying this.
I don't think I can get through this.
I don't know how we're going to get through this.
I shouldn't have put you through this.
It's going to take me days to finish this.
You shouldn't get involved with this.
I'm so sorry to get you involved with this.
Tom said you had some experience with this.
Tom still isn't entirely comfortable with this.
I assume you're going somewhere with this.
I'm still not sure where you're going with this.
I never should've gone along with this.
I hope you guys are cool with this.
They're having fun with this.
We've got nothing to do with this.
I hope we get away with this.
You can't get away with this.
I know you can't get away with this.
You'll hardly feel this.
I should've known you were behind all this.
Tom doesn't know what to make of all this.
Tom has had enough of all this.
Something good will come from all this.
I'll never remember all this.
Wow, look at all this.
Sorry about all this.
I don't know why I'm telling you all this.
Tom seems genuinely disturbed by all this.
I can't walk away from this.
I deserve to be treated better than this.
You know better than this.
I can't be involved in this.
I have no choice in this.
I don't take any pleasure in this.
We're together in this.
I've completely lost interest in this.
You don't get a say in this.
I'm not sure I can win this.
Let's bring Tom up to speed on this.
Tom hadn't counted on this.
I have a lot riding on this.
Let's be clear on this.
Put your finger on this.
Tom might be able to shed some light on this.
I need you on this.
I'm sorry you drew the short straw on this.
We can all do this.
I used to not be able to do this.
Tom is unable to do this.
You're going to do this.
I don't know why we're bothering to do this.
I know how much you want to do this.
Tom said it wasn't smart to do this.
We were hoping you could tell us how to do this.
Look, I can't do this.
Let's just do this.
You can't just do this.
I don't want to get used to this.
Tom is definitely not looking forward to this.
I never thought it would come to this.
I never wanted it to come to this.
There's nothing to this.
I'm going to put a stop to this.
I won't be pushed into this.
I won't get sucked into this.
I can't believe I got roped into this.
You forced me into this.
I thought you were into this.
I won't drag Tom into this.
I really don't want to get into this.
I never should've dragged you into this.
I'm sorry we dragged you into this.
I never should've got you into this.
I'm the one who got you into this.
Nobody needs to lose their job over this.
I've thought long and hard over this.
I don't know why you're making such a fuss over this.
It's not like I haven't been trained for this.
I'm not completely prepared for this.
I'll hold you responsible for this.
I paid a fortune for this.
I don't think I'm drunk enough for this.
I didn't look for this.
You could go to jail for this.
Hey, I didn't sign on for this.
I dropped everything and grabbed the first plane out of Boston for this.
I've been waiting like a year for this.
I might not be cut out for this.
No offense, Tom, but you're not ready for this.
You're really amazing at this.
You have to get past this.
You've been warned about this.
I feel really good about this.
I don't feel very good about this.
Tell me you're sure about this.
I honestly didn't know a thing about this.
I'm scared to death about this.
I got a call about this.
I'm really fired up about this.
Look, Tom, nobody needs to know about this.
We'll see what Tom has to say about this.
I'm so sorry about this.
That's not why I'm telling you this.
I don't know how to tell you this.
That's why I got you this.
I never thought I'd say this.
I don't know quite how to say this.
I don't quite know how to say this.
I can't be distracted by this.
If you want allergy relief, try this.
That's on a need-to-know basis.
I'm afraid I have to agree with Tom's analysis.
Tom walked in with snacks.
Tom stopped dead in his tracks.
Tom suddenly stopped dead in his tracks.
I can barely use chopsticks.
Tom peeled off his socks.
I've been after Tom for three weeks.
Tom has barely said anything to me in the last three weeks.
You wouldn't last three weeks.
Online purchases have increased fifteen percent over last year.
There are too many victims of police brutality.
Tom hasn't been seen in weeks.
It's only for a few weeks.
Tom nodded his head in thanks.
Thanks a lot, Tom, but no thanks.
Tell Tom thanks but no thanks.
I guess I should say thanks.
You don't know how to say thanks.
I thought we were just having drinks.
When Tom drinks, everybody drinks.
I think my job stinks.
Tom has at least books.
We can't afford all these books.
Tom reached into the box and pulled out a couple of books.
I know how this looks.
Feed him to the sharks.
I don't know how this stuff works.
I'm trying to remember how this works.
We have learned how it works.
I don't think that's the way it works.
I don't really feel like cutting any deals.
Tom showed his credentials.
Tom is going to ace his finals.
We're spinning our wheels.
You're as tough as nails.
I don't want to leave any paper trails.
I won't go into details.
Tom wouldn't pay his bills.
We'll be safe when we get into the hills.
Tom is popular with the girls.
I bet you say that to all the girls.
I'll bet you say that to all the girls.
Tom is always involved in scams.
Tom is not what he seems.
That's the way it seems.
Even beautiful people have problems.
I know they've got big problems.
I'm having some legal problems.
Let's not argue about that now. We've got bigger problems.
People trust me to solve their problems.
Right now, that's the least of our problems.
Tell me your problems.
We just had a few problems.
Be good and don't cause me any problems.
They're in separate rooms.
Tom disappeared into one of the other rooms.
Tom and Mary fell into each other's arms.
Tom is asleep in Mary's arms.
I can barely move my arms.
We're prepared to meet to discuss your terms.
We're not on particularly friendly terms.
I have all your albums.
Tom heard the drums.
They'll know what that means.
I'm still studying the plans.
It's a tempting offer, but I have other plans.
We should notify Tom of our plans.
I don't care about Tom's plans.
Tom placed his hand over the lens.
Every time we go anywhere, something awful happens.
It happens when it happens.
They say that's the way it happens.
I know all the signs.
Tom survived three days in the mountains.
Tom walked over to the window and opened the curtains.
I've got varicose veins.
They were cousins.
I've had my suspicions.
Don't make any rash decisions.
I see you made a few modifications.
I've severed communications.
I'm looking for reasonably-priced accommodations.
May I be the first to offer my congratulations.
Congratulations on passing all your examinations.
We'd better make preparations.
I don't respond to accusations.
Tom has lived up to our expectations.
We all earn our reputations.
Tom is used to these sorts of situations.
Tom has to take responsibility for his own actions.
I accept full responsibility for their actions.
Stand by for instructions.
I'm carrying on the family's traditions.
Maybe they don't want to give away their positions.
Tom is looking around for options.
You should learn not to limit your options.
We have a few questions concerning Tom's options.
Tom seems to be weighing his options.
We value your suggestions.
Tom kindly answered questions.
Tom was always able to answer all the questions.
Tom is smart enough to answer all the questions.
I thought we'd ask Tom a couple questions.
I'm asking myself a lot of the same questions.
I'm going to ask you a series of questions.
Tom is apt to get angry if you ask him a lot of questions.
We're not taking questions.
I'm just a guy asking questions.
I was hoping that you'd answer a few questions.
I really don't have any questions.
I think that's all, unless you have any questions.
I have so many questions.
Tom has spent most of his life in and out of mental institutions.
I work afternoons.
I have no weapons.
We have more immediate concerns.
Tell your men to drop their guns.
We're playing for keeps.
Tom appeared on the steps.
Tom dashed up the steps.
Watch out for the steps.
Tom kissed Mary passionately on the lips.
Tom kissed Mary softly on the lips.
Tom put a finger to his lips.
Tom licked his dry lips.
I already talked to the cops.
I've already told this to the cops.
Tell it to the cops.
Tom looked through the bars.
I've always been into cars.
Tom doesn't like anyone looking at his scars.
They are all ears.
Tom couldn't fight back the tears.
Tom couldn't stop the tears.
Tom was almost in tears.
Tom was close to tears.
I've done more work on my farm in the last three months than you've done in three years.
They were together three years.
Tom served as chairman for three years.
Tom has been on the wanted list for three years.
Tom has been on the waiting list for three years.
We were together about three years.
That could take years.
It might take years.
Tom has kept it a secret for all of these years.
Tom is certainly getting along in years.
Tom hadn't talked to them in years.
Tom hasn't filed a tax return in years.
Tom has been after me to retire for years.
I've been waiting for this moment for years.
Tom is wise beyond his years.
The price of bananas hasn't changed much over the past few years.
It may take many years.
I've admired you for many years.
Tom has been on TV every night for thirty years.
They were beggars.
Tom and Mary are both horrible liars.
I don't have a hundred dollars.
Tom sold a pint of his blood for thirteen dollars.
Tom is suing the city for million dollars.
I didn't press Tom for particulars.
People die in wars.
I've gone over the numbers.
I need to crunch some numbers.
Tom is massaging Mary's shoulders.
Tom has no right to give me orders.
I'm under orders.
You should've followed Tom's orders.
I had my orders.
I already have my orders.
We're investigating a series of murders.
We would like some more beers.
You of all people should know the dangers.
It's not like we're strangers.
Tom is terrified of talking to strangers.
I can't talk to strangers.
I have two arms and ten fingers.
Tom drummed with his fingers.
Tom ticks off points on his fingers.
We could all be better teachers.
Tom glanced at the others.
Tom and Mary have the same father but different mothers.
My sons are soldiers.
Tom picked up a package of crackers.
I don't pick up hitchhikers.
I talked to Tom's neighbors and co-workers.
They were contract killers.
Tom and Mary were good customers.
I can't have you hitting the customers.
You took me to the cleaners.
It's just good manners.
I thought we were equal partners.
I'd like to know who leaked the story to the papers.
We aren't the murderers.
They are surrounded by admirers.
I suggest you return to your quarters.
I'll take you to your quarters.
Tom will show you to your quarters.
Tom must remain in his quarters.
Please escort Tom to his quarters.
I should get back to my quarters.
They were deserters.
Tom and Mary are problem solvers.
Now, Tom, you can't expect me to give you all the answers.
You always seem to know all the answers.
I'm seeking answers.
I just want answers.
I'd like to pay for the repairs.
They are now at the top of the stairs.
Tom charged down the stairs.
Tom walked down a flight of stairs.
They walked downstairs.
Tom never even came upstairs.
Tom shut the door and went upstairs.
I need you upstairs.
I'll have to clear this with my superiors.
Tom is meeting with economic advisors.
Tom Jackson is one of our finest litigators.
Tom does me a lot of favors.
Tom has been at it for three hours.
Tom has been staring at Mary for three hours.
That'd take hours.
You've been at this for hours.
You've been at it for hours.
I'll check back with you in a few hours.
The decision must be yours.
I'll tell you my life's story if you tell me yours.
I'm a huge fan of yours.
I'm guessing it's yours.
The decision is yours.
I'm guessing this is yours.
The victory is yours.
Tom is always spacing out in class.
Tom left school right after class.
I wanted to say how much I enjoyed your class.
I don't want to fall behind my class.
Tom's face is reflected in the glass.
Tom set down his glass.
Tom held out his glass.
Tom toyed with his empty glass.
I think I'm going to pass.
They were sitting on the grass.
I would like to request a short recess.
I've been familiarizing myself with the process.
I've got nothing to confess.
Tom couldn't care less.
I won't settle for anything less.
I've never seen anyone enjoy Boston less.
It's very rare and priceless.
This may be hopeless.
I don't remember you being careless.
We'll be totally defenseless.
You guys are really clueless.
Tom was ruthless.
It may be quite harmless.
Tom is quite helpless.
I'm sure you feel helpless.
Tom thinks his job is pointless.
The floor is spotless.
You look a mess.
I'll bet the inside of the house is a mess.
I've had enough of this mess.
It's a legitimate business.
That new chain store could put me out of business.
Tom took over his father's business.
Tom is in the frozen yogurt business.
Tom is suffering from a serious illness.
Tom is on the verge of losing consciousness.
Tom seems to have lost consciousness.
You're an unreliable witness.
Text me the address.
I think maybe you've got the wrong address.
Tom began to undress.
Tom is making real progress.
I'd like to report a felony in progress.
I'm impressed by your progress.
You have to talk to the press.
Tom is under considerable stress.
I couldn't live with that kind of stress.
I've been under a lot of stress.
Tom is under a lot of stress.
I don't perform well under stress.
I could've tried harder, I guess.
That was my second guess.
That's your guess.
That was my first guess.
That was my guess.
It's never just a kiss.
They gave each other a quick kiss.
Tom gave Mary a perfunctory kiss.
It's not something I can miss.
I need to meet your boss.
Tom has complete faith in his boss.
Tom anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.
Tom must've been suspicious.
I don't have to make threats.
I don't care about boats.
