We are not old.
Do we know who you are?
We are who we are.
How can you see into my eyes?
There was a fight.
I can see the stars in the sky.
Just you and me.
Never mind, she will be fine.
No ones goes into that room until the authorities arrive.
How about starting again from the very beginning?
I read the paper every day to keep in touch with what's going on.
To turn cold water hot, one needs to heat it.
In order to make cold water into hot water, one should heat it up.
If a door opens neither towards you, nor away from you, then it's locked.
People usually die if you kill them.
It's cold in the winter, warm in the summer.
Maria's father is easily influenced.
Six o'clock is when the big hand is on and the small hand is on 6.
He was attacked as he was returning home late at night.
They're taking us for fools.
Getting people to change is extremely difficult.
Why do women open their mouths when they apply makeup to their eyes?
How long is a piece of string?
Don't attach it to your head.
Her story cannot be a lie.
Tom lives in France yet works in Belgium.
Is there owt to drink in't fridge?
Listen to my advice!
I think she's over forty.
Tom went to work at fifteen.
I have no money, so I eat only pasta.
Don't play innocent.
I hope I haven't woken you up.
Just call me "Your Majesty".
Please put me through to Mr Brown.
The bus will be here in five minutes.
I cannot concentrate at all.
I'm sure she's right.
I don't want to talk to anyone.
Are you always at home of an evening?
It's not bothering anyone.
I'll go if Tom goes.
Police! Nobody move!
Are you sure that you haven't forgotten anything?
Above all, don't tell him anything.
She's a great girl.
Eat, or else it will go cold.
Don't lose heart. You are bound to find someone else.
How's your old man doing?
Where do you catch these frogs?
I lost your phone number.
Where dost thou catch these frogs?
A stocky man with a swarthy complexion snatched Mary's handbag and disappeared into the crowd.
I checked Google, but I didn't find anything.
I can't believe that this is real.
I'm nothing like Mary.
I just want life to be like it was before.
I don't know what I want to do with my life.
Why should I even care?
I don't believe this is true.
Somebody might've overheard your conversation with Tom.
Are you really going to break up with Tom?
Why did you break up with Tom?
Why did you decide to not go to Boston with Tom?
Who was the last person to speak with Tom?
When was the last time you spoke with Tom?
What are you planning to do with Tom?
Is there some way that I can get in touch with Tom?
Is there any way I can get in touch with Tom?
I'm not interested in what others think about me.
I don't care what others think about me.
I'll do that for sure.
She smoked a cigar.
A tall man with a sallow complexion walked into the room and sat down next to Tom.
Tom scoured the room looking for Mary, but couldn't pick her out in the crowd.
Mary thinks that the reason Tom big-notes himself all the time is that he never had his father's approval as a child.
Tom was in too much of a hurry to wait around.
Is there something to drink in the fridge?
Arguing with a woman is like trying to drown the water, burn the fire, dig the soil or catch the air.
From now on, drinking in the workplace is prohibited.
She would benefit from a visit.
Is there a hospital nearby?
I think it's not gonna be that hard.
Every single thing that you eat affects your body.
Try and come up with a more reasonable excuse next time.
Instead of complaining all the time you could maybe start getting some work done, don't you think?
Hard work really does pay off.
It's been quite a while since the last time he posted anything on his website.
Just keep up the good work. We all appreciate it.
I am glad we've had somewhat of a productive session today.
You said to them that she kept us waiting for hours and she didn't show up, which was not the case at all.
That last sentence of yours doesn't make much sense.
I barely see any difference actually. Both of them sound pretty much the same to me.
It is nothing but the opening of a miramistin production plant in Bagrationovsk.
What made you think we could trust Tom?
We have no choice but to trust Tom.
I've decided to trust Tom.
I want you to trust me, just like you'd trust Tom.
I don't completely trust Tom.
I can't believe you still trust Tom.
Don't tell me you still trust Tom.
Babies are bits of star-dust blown from the hand of God. Lucky the woman who knows the pangs of birth, for she has held a star.
The tree is burning.
Let's eat our food before it gets cold.
Let's eat our dinner before it gets cold.
Let's eat before our dinner gets cold.
Instead of waiting for Tom, let's eat now before the food gets cold.
Eat your dinner before it gets cold.
Drink your coffee before it gets cold.
This sentence was so difficult.
Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful.
If you have nothing else to do, you could always visit Tom.
Somebody might've overheard you talking to Tom.
Whatever you do, don't say anything to upset Tom.
Did you actually talk to Tom?
When my grandmother was young, her body was very slim. Now in her old age she's grown plump.
Today is mom's birthday. I ordered a cake.
Starting next month, I'm not subscribing to a newspaper.
I booked a seat at this restaurant.
Through the Internet, we can make many friends.
I came to work here though his introduction.
Through this match, I realized my inadequacies.
He's a reliable man.
It is important that you learn a foreign language.
Can they put the water in the bucket yet?
I swear I saw a tardigrade waving to me!
Tardigrades are very tough animals.
Whence came you?
We shall return to whence we came.
Whence come babies?
The main product of the farm whence this watermelon came are carrots. That's why its label has a carrot on it.
I don't care what the doctor says: I will not give up hope that Tom will recover.
I am Polish and I come from Warsaw.
I can't go anywhere else.
Maybe the whole herd will go somewhere else to search for water.
The newborn calf couldn't catch up with the herd running from the jaguar.
I hardly ever remember my dreams.
Poor moggy.
Poor tomcat.
I hadn't planned on staying so long.
Are you still at work?
Mary is Tom's youngest sister.
You don't want to know!
You always want to control everything.
You don't need to tell him everything.
You're lucky you're a boy.
You're lucky you're a girl.
Is that all that you can say?
Is that all that you've got to say?
He's so arrogant!
Tom, if you're not going I'm not going either.
Mary went to work at fourteen.
We are both from Boston.
These sodding mosquitoes will suck all our blood out of us.
Tom met his wife when he was studying in France.
Don't play Tom at poker.
That troubles me least of all.
Tom has found Mary's diary.
She can foretell the future.
It's so yummy.
Mike, is this book yours?
Mike, is this your book?
Get out while you still can!
Does it look like I'm in a good mood?
Thanks to you I've learnt a lot.
Have you told your parents yet?
That's how they learnt English.
It's Tom's dream to live in the mountains.
See you tomorrow morning!
See you on the morrow!
I heard he was looking for a job.
I heard he was looking for work.
Muhammed was born in Mecca.
I really love Japanese.
Are all the bars shut?
These flowers come from Holland.
We have a guest.
I have an apple.
He likes what I've done.
She likes what I've done.
Thank you, I understand everything.
I cannot visit you every day.
Have you got any milk?
Do you have any milk?
It was very hot this morning.
The prisoners were trying to escape.
It's a very difficult question for me.
Is it hard to be a vegetarian?
I saw a man get hit by a car.
The phone keeps ringing today!
Tom's tone was a bit aggressive.
I wonder what that green spot in the distance is.
I have the impression that he is quite arrogant.
Tom is a restaurant critic.
Tom is a wine critic.
Just because something is legal, it doesn't mean that it's ethical.
Tom is a famous restaurant critic.
There's nothing going on between me and Tom.
There's nothing going on between Tom and me.
There's nothing going on between Tom and Mary.
I need to have a word with you in my office.
Mars has a very thin atmosphere.
See you in court.
That's not what I asked you.
Can you do a headstand?
Here and now.
I need to practice speaking Turkish.
My speaking and listening in Turkish needs improvement.
Six comes before seven.
I attended the class with Tom taught by Professor Jackson.
"What about me do you like?" "Everything."
Do you think Tom knows I want to go to Boston?
Does Tom know that you don't know how to speak French?
Don't you think you should be with Tom right now?
I didn't go fishing with Tom last weekend.
I got in a fight with Tom last night.
I know you didn't go home with Tom yesterday.
I told Tom he was no longer allowed to visit Mary in the hospital.
I was hoping we could play tennis this afternoon.
I was thinking maybe I should go to Boston next summer.
I was thinking maybe I should study French.
Mary is a hottie.
Perhaps Tom is still in love with Mary.
Right now, we need to deal with this.
Somebody might've overheard you.
Tom broke up with Mary last summer, but now he wants to get back together with her.
Tom is trying to catch up with Mary.
Tom wanted to dance with Mary.
We don't have to deal with this right now.
What were you supposed to do?
When did you first suspect it was Tom who stole your money?
You don't spend enough time with your children.
I told Tom he was no longer allowed to be here.
Do you remember where you were the night Tom had his accident?
That's good advice.
It's very nice to see you again.
You may never be able to walk again.
That happened over three years ago.
That was three years ago.
The last time I saw Tom was three weeks ago.
Tom and Mary spent the night talking with John and Alice.
You can't do this anymore.
Nobody cares who you are.
He married her.
I have my book.
You're about to go, aren't you?
You're about to go, right?
I like going fishing with my dad.
Tomorrow we shall go from Frankfurt to Munich.
I object to being called a monkey.
I like speaking Welsh.
I gave him my word.
Don't invite him to the party.
That makes you happy, right?
Don't call him for the party.
Thank you for coming to see me.
Have you got a headache?
We should protect the world for the next generations.
It matters not how many books one reads, but which books.
I'm drenched.
Stop messing around.
That was pretty awesome.
Thanks for coming back.
I have somewhere else I need to be.
This sword is heavier than I thought it would be.
Just go back to bed.
I'm fairly certain that Tom has never done anything like that before.
That's hard to believe.
I'm being blackmailed.
I won't be going with you to Boston.
We couldn't picnic on the beach yesterday.
We couldn't picnic.
Don't call your father.
I can introduce you myself.
I have been crying.
I've been crying.
Do you wanna sacrifice something?
The weather was rainy.
We went to big lake for picnic.
Call the police if you see any extraordinary situation.
And the violence causes silence.
Don't wake me up before 10.
Do you know how can I go to the grand bazaar?
Follow the tram line and after ten minutes you will see it on the right side.
She has very long and beautiful hair.
He does not know how to dance.
No, it's the only way.
Is there any other way to go there?
What makes you cry like that?
I can swim in the cold water.
It was unpredictable.
I told them what I like.
I think you should tell him.
What do you want me to tell him?
Tell him that you stole the money.
They walked all the way to Boston.
Let go of the bottle.
See what else is in the box.
That's not good for business.
I'm going to be too busy.
Thanks for dropping by.
My dad just called.
Tom got into the driver's seat and started the car.
Tom ran back to his car.
Now we've got a chance.
There's always a choice.
I'm not as old as you, of course.
Tom is a little crazy.
Nobody's accusing you of a crime.
Tom disappeared into the crowd.
Do you ever think about death?
That's what you deserve.
That's a minor detail.
You should've seen what Tom did.
That was a very great dinner.
What is God after all? An eternal child playing an eternal game in an eternal garden.
Do you think maybe Tom didn't know about what Mary was planning to do?
That's all I can do.
That's what we're trying to do.
That's what you have to do.
What did you feed the dog?
Tom asked me if he could borrow thirty dollars.
We're going to find out what needs to be done.
The stewardess handed Tom a drink.
Tom came by here earlier.
Thank you for coming in early.
Man know thyself; then thou shalt know the Universe and God.
I knew it wouldn't be easy.
Try and take it easy.
Never trust your enemy.
That's not quite big enough.
That's not really enough.
You can't have everything.
I hope I can pass the exam.
You don't have all the facts.
Tom should be easy to find.
Inhale, and God approaches you. Hold the inhalation, and God remains with you. Exhale, and you approach God. Hold the exhalation, and surrender to God.
Some things can't be fixed.
Some things just can't be fixed.
That's what I'm fighting for.
That's what Tom was looking for.
Nothing unusual was found.
That's not very friendly.
I knew it wouldn't be fun.
That was very funny.
They're willing to let you go.
Well, I guess we should go.
There's fuck all to do around here.
I hit a big prize for denouncing saboteurs.
Because the white genes are mutations of the genes of the original men of color — and males are mutations of the original females — we can finally answer the question Is God black? The answer is Yes, She is.
Everyone should be able to express their opinion.
I consider watching television a waste of time.
There is no Nobel Prize in mathematics.
I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
I've spent a week in Istanbul.
"What exactly do you like about me?" "Everything"
Love him just the way he is.
I've become friends with Jane.
Are you playing soccer or rugby?
Having studied French for three years, Tom can speak it quite well.
Please don't tell my wife about this.
Let's play word associations.
Hello, my friend! How are you?
Is there anyone called Tom here?
This is incredibly good.
Now let's not be greedy.
Are you sure you didn't recognize that guy?
I'm a busy guy.
Tom looked down at what was in his hand.
We did our best to prepare Tom for what was going to happen.
You should be the one to talk to Tom about what happened.
I'm sure that wasn't what Tom wanted to hear.
That's all I do here.
I had to walk all the way here.
Our business is done here.
Please don't leave us here.
Thanks for agreeing to meet me here.
That's why we're here.
There's no way out of here.
Things have changed around here.
This is quite a place you've got here.
We don't belong here.
We don't belong in here.
You'd better wait until Tom gets here.
It's self-explanatory.
What is there to be afraid of?
Tom came home drunk last night.
Mary came home drunk last night.
Where the hell were you? Why didn't you call me?
What's there to be afraid of?
I thought you liked him.
I thought you liked her.
"I thought you liked him." "I do."
I can't talk right now. I need to go.
Mary talked me into it.
Maria blew a kiss to Tom and hid quiveringly under the sofa.
Mary danced in the forest in the moonlight.
It never stopped raining the entire day.
He's making a big deal out of it.
Don't be too haughty, for hell awaits below.
The monsoon season seems to be dragging on this year.
Above all, fame means dying at the right time.
I've been good to you this morning.
You know it'll be your duty from tomorrow on.
The fog reeked of oil.
It appeared best to remain in front.
The fairies danced in the moonlight.
But will they remember what he promised them?
Freedom does not mean doing what you want, rather not doing what you don't want to do.
The foreigner answered with a long, incoherent sentence.
Life isn't just a destination, it's how you get there.
I believed this promise with unbelievably great naivete for a long time.
My maths professor suffers from insomnia.
Sometimes, you think too much.
Sometimes, I think too much.
I'll be with you in five minutes.
Follow the rules.
We will sharpen the knives.
Love is my true identity. Selflessness is my true self. Love is my true character. Love is my name.
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
But I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things.
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god?
Don't worry, it's not as bad as it seems.
Mass immigration enabled the United States to make use of their enormous resources and smash the industrial monopoly of European countries at the end of the nineteenth century.
British scientists have established that if you turn the flag of Japan upside down, you get the flag of Japan.
I'm always losing things.
Yesterday I went to the park.
I want to have a lot of money.
A poet looks at the world the way a man looks at a woman.
I can see, and that is why I can be happy, in what you call the dark, but which to me is golden. I can see a God-made world, not a man-made world.
You are in my heart.
Tom's dog swims quite well.
I've got more money than Tom has.
One learns by one's mistakes.
Someone's torn a page out of this book.
John's gone to the shop.
It was the beginning of the end for them.
God is everywhere but He is most manifest in man. So serve man as God. That is as good as worshipping God.
What Tom saw surprised him.
We simply can't just leave Tom here by himself.
There's no one home.
This place is horrible.
Tom should be in a hospital.
No one's going to be hurt.
This isn't a good idea.
You don't seem very impressed.
This is really impressive.
Thanks for pitching in.
I'm reading. Turn the television off.
It's there someone you can trust?
There are three possible relationships one can have with God: My God, I am God, I am God's. The last one is best because it does not tempt pride.
She's waiting.
Jihadis are capable of beheading civilians, murdering children and raping defenceless women, but when it comes to fighting a military force they don't want to know, and they come back here to their comfortable homes with their tails between their legs.
Let us wait and see.
It made me want to puke.
A paycheque is like menstruation. It comes once a month but only lasts a week.
It's such a daft idea.
The baby seems to be sleeping soundly.
The only way out of here is the same way we came in.
I'd like some information.
Let me look into it.
Let someone else do it.
You can do that if you want, but I'd advise against it.
Have you ever even met Tom Jackson?
They're doing a great job.
You're not going to find anybody better than Tom for the job.
Tom warned Mary not to go there with John.
Nobody thinks this is a joke.
Your message should be at least ten characters long.
The butter is made from cows' milk.
Is she free this evening?
Is he free this evening?
If you get lost in the street, ask a policeman.
I'm a woman, in case you're wondering.
He has a white dog.
They told me I had to help you.
Today is a holy day for us.
Yesterday was Friday and the day after tomorrow will be Monday.
I cannot say.
I am afraid that he did not understand.
I am sorry that you have gone away.
I regret your departure.
It is better that you should know the truth.
I'm afraid your watch is two minutes slow.
Eve plucked fruit from the tree of knowledge.
Rip your scribble into a thousand shreds!
In the Paris Commune, for two months the proletariat possessed political power; this was the first time in human history.
I don't want to die yet.
The practical application of these principles will depend, always and everywhere, on the specific historical conditions.
The general principles of this programme are still valid today.
I don't believe that he's telling the truth.
She's a born artist.
They've got a good appetite this morning.
When did the robbery take place?
The teacher marvelled at my response.
He was so drunk, his explanations were nonsensical.
We finally arrived in England.
All suspects are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
Tom and Maria sweat, sitting in a Turkish bath.
Tom and Maria sweat, seated in a sauna.
I will lend you the books, which I have at my disposal, on condition that you keep them clean.
I knew that already.
Instead of wishing away nine months of pregnancy and complaining about the shadow over my feet, I'd have cherished every minute of it and realized that the wonderment growing inside me was to be my only chance in life to assist God in a miracle.
I deny that he is correct.
"Am I a coward or a tactician?" "Tactician." "Tactician, surely."
If that happens, I will tear up and burn everything I have written.
If that happens, I will rip up and burn everything I have written.
You're the one.
Mustafa, look at the horse.
Which movie did you watch last?
I'm praying.
Maria should have done all of them on her own.
Whom are you waiting for?
My friend is studying aircraft engineering.
Ammonia is a base.
Do you have any red pencils?
Mustafa draws very nice pictures.
They answered.
Are you trying to say I don't have any brain?
Your answer is important!
Rights are not given, they are fought for.
She's been living in this city for five years.
He seems to know what he's doing.
What Tom's saying doesn't make any sense.
The Hollywood-style cultural dance was clearly aimed at westerners.
Tom's got a tremendous amount of work to do.
The use of bad grammar and spelling in the email asking Tom to update his bank account details was a telltale sign that it was a scam.
The school telltale reported Tom to the principal for smoking behind the gym.
The red, itchy rash on Mary's skin was a telltale sign that she had chicken pox.
Can I borrow your computer?
Did you see the accident with your own eyes?
"Did you sleep well?" "I slept like a log."
People are protesting in Hong Kong.
It was a torture for me to play the piano.
She was a woman with a nice voice, interesting, full of ardour, but a little tipsy.
Do you really think it will destroy my reputation?
There's nobody in the kitchen.
There are limits to my knowledge.
Maybe we could get together later.
That can wait until later.
Tom didn't notice Mary leave.
There's no one else left.
Tom tried to unscrew the lid.
Just get me the list.
Tom could tell that Mary wasn't listening.
Tom has a difficult decision to make.
Where were you the night that Tom died?
Where were you the night that Tom was murdered?
Are you certain about this? Absolutely certain?
He briskly rejects my suggestion.
Tom didn't like my suggestion.
Tom refused to even listen to my suggestions.
Tom asked me if I had any suggestions.
I asked Tom if he had any suggestions.
Tom didn't like any of my suggestions.
If I had been in Boston last year, would you have come to see me?
I don't think Tom and Mary should get married.
Did Tom really kill Mary?
I don't think Tom is good enough for Mary.
I don't think Tom will believe Mary.
I heard Tom arguing with Mary.
The only person here that Tom knows is Mary.
They decided to hire Tom instead of Mary.
Tom asked me to take care of Mary.
Tom said you'd know what's wrong with Mary.
We don't think Tom killed Mary.
I thought that was the reason why you don't like me.
I was just disconnected all of a sudden, damn connection problems.
If you were them, what would you do? If they were you, what would they do?
I will attend the party only if Mary will not.
This squirrel has a nut allergy.
Are you bored? If so, you can watch TV if you like.
Mary has only ever had one boyfriend.
Mary has only ever had one other boyfriend, apart from Tom.
We were the most disgraced of people, and Allah granted us honor with Islam. No matter how much we seek honor in other than that which Allah honored us with, Allah shall disgrace us
When Tom bought his car, he didn't know that it had been involved in a serious accident.
"Do you, Tom, take Mary to be your wife?" "I do."
He stuck his finger into the soft cake.
We tried to get Tom to stop Mary.
I'll stay here as long as you need me.
Looks aren't important to me.
Somebody is blackmailing me.
Sometimes you surprise me.
Thanks for meeting me.
That's exactly what Tom told me.
There's no need to thank me.
This is a video that Tom sent me.
You don't have to apologize to me.
I won't go to the party unless Tom goes.
I don't want to go to the party if Tom is going to be there.
So what's on your mind?
Say what's on your mind.
The pleasure was mine.
Now wait a minute.
Why does Tom like Mary so much?
We've missed you so much.
Stop being so naive.
They'll negotiate.
There's no need to be nervous.
That wasn't very nice.
That would be very nice.
He has two adult sons.
Tom lost his control.
I don't mind doing it.
I heard that you went to see Tom last night.
Tom was stabbed to death last night.
I've got to make supper now.
If Tom is right, Mary is in Boston now.
The police are interrogating Tom now.
That's nothing to be ashamed of.
That's what I was afraid of.
The bus stopped and Tom got off.
The good news is that Tom is OK.
The bar is always open.
I'm unable to say.
If you put more tea-leaves in the teapot, the tea will taste better.
That's not even an option.
There is another option.
That's a direct order.
That's a great outfit.
Tom took his children to the park.
I'm not going to make it to your party.
Tom was the last person Mary expected to see at John's party.
See if you can find a pattern.
That was quite a performance.
That's a great plan.
That's not the question.
Would you please be quiet?
That's an unusual request.
Well, I guess you were right.
Just go to your room.
There's nobody in your room.
You don't follow the rules.
There's nowhere to run.
That's what I said.
Do exactly as I say.
It's very easy to learn the Cyrillic alphabet, but reading fluently texts written in Cyrillic characters is quite difficult for those who are just starting to learn Russian.
Does it snow much in your country?
Women are smarter than men.
Women are more intelligent than men.
Women are brighter than men.
I'm not sure I understand what you're trying to say.
That's very kind of you to say.
Oh come on, don't be scared.
See you Monday at school.
None of this makes sense.
I always enjoy hearing you sing.
Show me your sketches.
There's no need to be sorry.
They're all special.
That was a good steak.
If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.
The spiritual journey does not consist of arriving at a new destination where a person gains what he did not have, or becomes what he is not. It consists in the dissipation of one's own ignorance concerning one's self and life, and gradual growth of that understanding, which begins a spiritual awakening. The finding of God is coming to one's self.
When did I realize I was God? Well, I was praying and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself.
She shouldn't have any problem passing the exam.
She should have no problem passing the exam.
Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples in a seed.
They couldn't travel because a problem occurred.
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself.
No one will believe in you until you believe in yourself.
Women are cleverer than men.
There are no records that match the request.
While all horses are animals, not all animals are horses.
I'm spoken for, I apologize.
Mary is very gregarious while Tom is quite antisocial.
The bus was hot and crowded.
The room in which the exam was being held was very hot.
Tom has a laconic sense of humour.
How far do you live from here?
What's your GPA?
I feel as if I've known Tom for years.
I tried to make the best of it.
Do you think Mary would go out with me if I asked her on a date?
I should go home before my parents start to worry.
I didn't steal Tom's wallet. You can check my pockets.
Are you sure you didn't do anything?
"We're just friends," said Tom.
Must there be a link between diet and health?
College is now free in Germany.
I didn't steal it. You can check my pockets.
That's a nice story.
The question took Tom by surprise.
You don't seem very surprised.
You look a little young to be a teacher.
We're all sure of that.
We're going to find out how to do that.
You should resist the urge to do that.
None of us can see them.
The nurse handed Tom some pills and he took them.
Tom likes to wear black because he thinks it makes him look thinner.
I didn't take it. You can check my pockets.
Sometimes, I think that I think too much.
Mary's parents have a huge house.
I'm not impoverishing you.
I see a clock, but I cannot envision the clockmaker. The human mind is unable to conceive of the four dimensions, so how can it conceive of a God, before whom a thousand years and a thousand dimensions are as one?
Tom tends to overthink things.
Try not to overthink everything.
Tom told the judge that he was innocent.
The accused told the judge that he was innocent.
Mary and I had the same dream.
One can explore and explain only that which exists.
Only something that exists can be explored and explained.
Tom read Mary's secret diary.
This was too much for me.
How can we do better than this?
You make me want to be a better person.
It's not always easy to translate.
The captain of the ship decided to change course.
I'd like to go to college.
Tom found Mary's secret diary.
Anything's possible.
I'm fascinated by the extraordinary flexibility of this language.
The thought is father to the deed.
She didn't try to hide the truth.
They seem to be having fun.
Tom is folding his clothes.
Where do you stay in Boston?
Next week I'm going to Tokyo on business.
"It's an atmosphere like a ghost might appear" "Hey, don't say such stupid things!" "Wait, Tom, are you afraid of ghosts?"
Do you believe in guardian angels?
"Kiss me!" "What, really? Didn't you say no kissing?"
"I said no kissing!" "Sorry, I couldn't resist."
She moves like a queen and shows that she has rhythm in her blood.
I still don't know how to do this.
There's no other way to do this.
There's no need for threats.
Three years sounds like a long time.
They've been out there a long time.
That was a good time.
I don't want to take up too much of your time.
I'm not going to make it there on time.
Now's not really the time.
These things take time.
I'd like to see this film.
My dad taught me how to do it.
My mom taught me how to do it.
Tom, what are you doing here?
I'm unemployed and so I'm unable to save anything at all.
I think it's going to be very hot today.
Has she got a phone?
I turned the computer off.
I'm not home yet because I didn't take the bus.
The Dead Sea lies below sea level.
I saw Mary yesterday.
The cat is very beautiful.
John began learning English at the age of seventy-five.
Look! A four-leafed clover!
I turned off the computer.
Try and do it right this time.
See you at work tomorrow.
They're the ones that beat Tom up.
You might be able to help us.
You've got no right to talk to Tom that way.
You've come back to be with Tom, haven't you?
You've been in contact with Tom, haven't you?
You knew I was going to kiss Tom, didn't you?
That's classified.
He is my husband.
He is writing a letter to his brother.
Tom is my relative.
O Our Father in Heaven, Holy be your name, Your Kingdom come, Your will be done, on earth, as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our sins, as we also have forgiven our sinners. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
Jim had stayed at my house.
He respected Mr. Hayakawa.
My elder sister is good at playing the guitar.
Due to the rain, staying at home would be a better option.
Susan is older than me by years.
I showed the ticket at the gate.
That old woman smiled at her granddaughter.
Is there any discount on fares for more than one trip?
Do they speak Spanish in Mexico?
Today is my elder sister's birthday.
That shop was full of people.
Today is my aunt's birthday.
There is a garden behind the house.
In a word, I think he is an idiot.
That was the last time any of us ever saw Tom.
I can't remember when I first met Tom.
I can't remember where I first met Tom.
It might be possible to contact Tom.
I've seen the way you look at Tom.
We've got to do something to stop Tom.
I didn't know what I should say to Tom.
Let me explain it to Tom.
Please convey my apologies to Tom.
It would be hard for me to say no to Tom.
Mary is a spendthrift when it comes to money.
Mary is greedy when it comes to money.
Mary is a big spender when it comes to money.
Nobody is paying attention to Tom.
I thought the plan was to just talk to Tom.
Maybe you ought to talk to Tom.
It's hard for me to talk to Tom.
If it'll help, I'll go talk to Tom.
Maybe you should go talk to Tom.
I was wondering if you would talk to Tom.
I was hoping maybe you could talk to Tom.
If you'd like, I could talk to Tom.
I have to find out what happened to Tom.
I feel a sort of spasm in my left leg.
Maybe it would help if I talked to Tom.
I need to know why you lied to Tom.
I tell you a lot of things I wouldn't tell Tom.
I don't think it would be wise to argue with Tom.
It would be fun to surprise Tom.
I wanted to surprise Tom.
I thought I'd surprise Tom.
Everyone was surprised to see Tom.
Perhaps I should go and see Tom.
I've always respected Tom.
When you go to Boston, where do you stay?
Where will you stay when you go to Boston?
Where will you stay in Boston?
Which hotel will you stay in when you're in Boston?
You shouldn't have threatened Tom.
Have I ever told you guys about the first time I met Tom?
How are you going to stop Tom?
Would you mind reading a bedtime story to Tom?
What exactly did you say to Tom?
What else did you say to Tom?
What am I supposed to say to Tom?
Do you have any idea what I should say to Tom?
What exactly did you do to Tom?
Did you explain the situation to Tom?
How intuitive!
Did you even get to talk to Tom?
Do you think I should go talk to Tom?
When do you think I can talk to Tom?
Why won't you let me talk to Tom?
Why don't you go over there and talk to Tom?
Haven't you been listening to Tom?
Shouldn't you be talking to Tom?
Why would I ever apologize to Tom?
Did you have a chance to apologize to Tom?
When was the last time you spoke to Tom?
Was that all you said to Tom?
Would it help if I talked to Tom?
Why didn't you tell me that belonged to Tom?
How long has it been since you've seen Tom?
Why didn't you just tell me that you're dating Tom?
Are you sure you're up to seeing Tom?
Are you sure you're feeling well enough to see Tom?
Why didn't you just tell me that you're seeing Tom?
Why won't you let me see Tom?
Tom wasn't supposed to show the contract to Mary.
Tom leaned over to talk to Mary.
Tom caught the ball and threw it back to Mary.
Tom pulled out a switchblade and stabbed Mary.
I thought the plan was to arrive early.
Tom wasn't supposed to give Mary any money.
I need to know why you weren't here yesterday.
As far as I know, no one here has seen Tom today.
It looks like I might have to go to Boston next Monday.
There's no way we can get that done by tomorrow.
If I've made a mistake, please let me know.
I guess it's too late to do that now.
I suppose it's too late to do that now.
I really wanted to go to Boston with you.
It wasn't Tom who gave Mary that bracelet.
Tom isn't sure if he should talk to Mary about that.
I think now would be a really good time to talk to Tom about that.
Both Tom and Mary talked to John about that.
I'm sorry that I made you do that.
I don't think it would be wise to do that.
Brazil suffered a reality check when they played Germany.
study first before doing anything!!!
New programmes will appear in the fall on television.
Are there any good programs on TV today?
The programme is over.
By frugality she managed to get along on her small salary.
Would you prefer milk or coffee?
Did you enjoy the performance last night?
He became very elated at the news.
The supernatural is the natural not yet understood.
I really like the olive soaps I bought in Hatay. They are not cheap, though.
The meeting of man and God must always mean a penetration and entry of the divine into the human and a self-immergence of man in the Divinity.
I'm sorry that I made you stop doing that.
Use whatever means necessary to stop Tom from doing that.
I don't think I can stop Tom from doing that.
It might be possible to convince Tom to help us.
It might be possible to repair this.
I can't wait for Tom to come home so I can show him this.
I need to know when the meeting is.
I wish Mary's father would let me talk to her.
I really wanted to play tennis yesterday, but something came up.
That's exactly where I intend to go.
Hell is a place where it smells bad and nobody loves anybody.
Your team is better than ours.
The tiger licked him.
The tiger caught the guy's neck and killed him by pulling it.
It wasn't just Tom who saw Mary do what she said she didn't do.
That's exactly what I intend to do.
There's nothing you can do to stop Tom from going to Boston.
Maybe if you hurry, you might be able to make your train.
If Tom wants to go, I can't stop him.
Tom put his duffle bag on the seat next to him.
Tom already knows you want to talk to him.
I'd like to go to Tom's apartment and talk to him.
Tom took something that didn't belong to him.
My friend fancies you.
"Thank you for your help." "No worries."
I like dogs, but cats I don't like.
Oh my God, I'm so ashamed.
People listen to the whispering of a nice woman more than the loudest call of duty.
I could prove God statistically. Take the human body alone — the chances that all the functions of an individual would just happen is a statistical monstrosity.
If Tom had been here today, I would probably have seen him.
Tom sat in his rocking chair, reading a novel.
If you need anything, just ask.
Tom wasn't supposed to tell Mary that John was coming.
I need to know who you plan to hire.
All I'm asking you to do is tell Tom to come here.
This doesn't make sense to me.
It's finally starting to make sense to me.
That plan seems reasonable to me.
I have an important call to make.
Who would have been your sweetheart if I had never met you?
If I should ever die, God forbid, let this be my epitaph: The only proof he needed for the existence of God was music.
I am perhaps a bit of a lone wolf.
Men are generally not as intelligent as women.
We are not on the earth forever, but only for a time.
Let's agree on this: you don't tell me what to do, and I won't tell you where to go.
Aren't you afraid of catching a virus?
Why are you still not sleeping?
I like to breathe the clean mountain air.
"Mary, hurry up. We're already late." "I'm not ready. Leave me alone!"
I don't know what's been going wrong, but several times when I tried to log onto the site today, I couldn't do it.
France is a country in west Europe.
Would you have travelled by train if the bus came near your house?
No one is near.
The country is divided, yet there are mountains and rivers.
Cats kill rats.
She wrote to a friend.
Please don't tell Tom about what happened.
It could've been worse. You could've died.
Tom already knows you want to quit your job.
Are you really going to skip school tomorrow?
You haven't spoken to Tom about this yet, have you?
When do you think you're going to talk to Tom about that?
Do you think I should say something to Tom about that?
When was the first time you did that?
Germans value a strong social welfare state.
You slept on the train.
Tom was away with the fairies for a while when he woke up after his surgery.
Mary is Tom's first and only love.
A man came up to Tom in the street and started talking to him, but Tom had no idea who he was.
Tom told Mary she'd just have to accept him as he was.
How long has it been since you've been to Boston?
Are you really going to move to Boston?
How old was Tom when he moved to Boston?
Why don't you go over to Tom's this afternoon?
Do you ever watch movies in French?
Have I ever told you guys about the first time I went camping?
Are you really going to do that by yourself?
Why didn't you just tell me that you weren't planning to come?
Why can't you just do what you're told?
Are you telling me I wasn't even considered for the job?
Mary has always been left-leaning, but since she's got a seat in parliament for the Left Party, she has become a media star with her radical critique of capitalism.
Enough lying; the memories are long gone; days of the past will never more return.
I live right up the road.
Have you ever felt abandoned by God?
It's a local legend.
I think I saw an elf in the forest.
I saw an elk in the forest.
Where is the entrance to the dragon's cave?
"Pardon me, where is the entrance to the dragon's cave?" "You don't want to go there."
I feel like I'm in a fantasy novel.
Mary writes romance novels.
Mary is addicted to love stories.
Have you forgotten the difference between dreams and reality?
I feel like I'm the heroine of a romance novel.
Don't use your real name.
This cave is full of bats.
I don't need a boyfriend.
Aren't you scared, Tom?
After that, she cried for three days.
When Tom asked me to marry him, I said yes.
The less you know, the better.
I don't remember saying anything like that.
I don't remember doing anything like that.
This song seems familiar.
Why do you live alone?
I want to be home early.
"What can I do?" "Chop those carrots. And try not to cut off your fingers."
What are his true intentions?
What are her true intentions?
What are their true intentions?
What are your true intentions?
What are Tom's true intentions?
What are Mary's true intentions?
Tom and Mary talked past each other.
Tom needs a blood transfusion.
Tom lives in a high-class neighborhood.
We stayed at an inexpensive hotel.
He's going to drive me crazy!
She's going to drive me crazy!
Tom made a strategic error.
Cosmic rays come from beyond our own solar system.
They both signed the pre-nuptial agreement.
I can see it in her eyes.
I can see it in his eyes.
Where did you go for your honeymoon?
I just want her to go away.
I just want him to go away.
I don't wash my hair every day.
I wash my hair every day.
A powerful spirit resides in the forest.
The scientists used nanoparticles.
I looked at my notes.
I need to look at my notes.
It happens every night.
Tom's gone down two pant sizes since he went vegan.
Tom's gone down two pant sizes since he's been working out.
The strike by the train drivers in Germany caused much disruption to the holiday plans of overseas travellers.
Many travellers decided to rent a car instead of travelling by train to their destinations.
A pretty girl came up to Tom in the street and started talking to him.
I wonder if I should tell him the truth.
I wonder if I should tell her the truth.
Tom fell in love with the preacher's daughter.
I wonder if I should tell Tom the truth.
Tom wondered if he should tell Mary the truth.
Tom decided not to tell Mary the truth.
Tom wished he had told Mary the truth.
Tom gave the girl his phone number.
Tom regretted not telling Mary the truth.
There's no need to wash your hair every day.
Do you see that cute guy over there?
Do you see that cute girl over there?
You have totally lost your mind.
It's a fixer-upper.
That makes us even.
She was convinced that he really loved her.
He was convinced that she really loved him.
The house that Tom bought is a real fixer-upper.
I just moved here, so I don't know anyone yet.
You're not doing anything wrong.
I didn't realize what I was doing.
Could I have a moment of your time?
Mary is a brilliant artist.
He's a brilliant artist.
I didn't see you at Tom's party last night.
My family means everything to me.
We laughed like idiots.
Mary loves attention.
When will they appoint someone to replace Tom?
I wish there was some way I could repay Tom.
I did my best to protect Tom.
I'm not the one who poisoned Tom.
Are you sure we can count on Tom?
Every girl in the class had a crush on Tom.
I sort of had a crush on Tom.
I'm not going to turn my back on Tom.
Did you really threaten to kill Tom?
I didn't know we were supposed to do that.
I didn't know we weren't supposed to do that.
This president's son has no education and has never worked.
Give him another chance.
Does Tom have a tattoo?
Life has been hard on Tom.
I was kind of hard on Tom.
Maybe I've been too hard on Tom.
Weren't you a little hard on Tom?
I think you're being too hard on Tom.
Don't you think you're being a little hard on Tom?
I actually haven't even met Tom.
My life hasn't been the same since I met Tom.
I'm looking forward to meeting Tom.
What time are you meeting Tom?
How soon can I meet Tom?
I never got to meet Tom.
I'm sorry you didn't get a chance to meet Tom.
I'm starting to think I'm never going to meet Tom.
It looks like I'll finally get a chance to meet Tom.
Maybe you'd like to meet Tom.
That's precisely why I need to meet Tom.
That's why I need to meet Tom.
Where on earth did you meet Tom?
Happiness and peace be granted to Germany, our fatherland. All the world longs for peace; reach your hand out to the peoples.
A "renovator's dream" in real estate parlance generally means that the place is a real dump.
In the 15th century the Spanish inquisitor Pedro de Arbués de Épila organized in Zaragoza a game of "living chess" with heretics to stand in as figures who were put to death when they were "captured". In Arbués was canonized by Pope Pius IX.
I've got the feeling that I already met her somewhere.
I've got the feeling of having already met her somewhere.
I'm a bird!
Enough! Now you must die.
Now you will die. Isn't it beautiful?
I spy with my eye someone who must die!
I know you know, but do you know I know you know?
I want you to do this work.
You want to do that work.
The eye with which I see God is the same eye with which God sees me.
A man is truly free, even here in this embodied state, if he knows that God is the true agent and he by himself is powerless to do anything.
The atheist is God playing at hide and seek with Himself; but is the theist any other? Well, perhaps; for he has seen the shadow of God and clutched at it.
I've got the feeling I already met her somewhere.
Uganda is an African country.
Reason in man is rather like God in the world.
Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul.
Give her another chance.
The company is starting to implement the new management system from next month.
The “One Only Child Parent for Two Children” policy is already in effect in Shanghai. In the future, it's possible that it will be implemented throughout China.
You're talking fast.
Promoting Mandarin Chinese is China's national plan.
Tell me who you were talking about.
In order to alleviate employment pressures, the nation has established a series of relevant policies.
This kind of medicine can temporarily alleviate pain. If you need it, just take it.
His humor charmingly eased the embarrassing atmosphere at dinner time and made me breathe a sigh of relief.
There are many regrets in a person's life. It's not possible to do everything well.
Every time I leave, I'm of full the regret that I haven't fully said goodbye.
The regrettable thing is that he didn't even play at his highest level in the finals.
One needs to do their best in all things, and more importantly work within their abilities.
One can't go beyond one's limits with exercising and stay within the bounds of what one can do. Otherwise, it can have negative effects on the body.
One needs to buy a house that's within one's means, but one also needs to grasp an opportunity.
This thing can't be rushed; it needs long-term planning.
Everyone agrees to stay here for the night and make long-term itinerary decisions tomorrow.
Although the decision to implement this plan has already been made, the finer points still need to be planned out.
Go forward, then turn right, go through the traffic light, and you're there.
Of the two of them, one heads east and one heads west.
In the autumn, swallows will fly south.
When he's in class, he continuously sits next to me.
When I was talking with him, he was constantly looking to his side.
I think I've seen that person next to Xiao Li before.
I'm really sorry to make you wait.
The food at this hot pot restaurant really tastes pretty good. Let's come here again next time.
Your room is really clean.
He does things for himself. He doesn't like to bother other people.
This problem is really annoying.
He encountered difficulties in his work.
The weather is really great!
Your boyfriend is really handsome.
You're really a great person.
This piece of clothing is really pretty.
Your house is really great!
Keep walking straight ahead.
The plane bound for Beijing is going to take off soon.
This train is bound for Zhongshan Park.
If we ban Chinese students from thinking, what exactly do we expect from them?
Goose down retains the heat.
Seen from a distance, the rock looked like an old castle.
He pulled something out of his pocket.
Let's not indulge in magical thinking and assume this breeds unicorns.
I am thinking of changing jobs.
I am thinking of changing my job.
Rongrong's mother is nothing like a good mother.
Just as a flame goes out, a man dies.
You should be more careful with what you speak about.
Tom was so drunk that he spent the night in a ditch because he could not find his way home anymore.
Can I tell you that you're a beautiful girl?
Mary has more than a hundred pairs of shoes.
The price is high.
She made me swear not to tell.
Mary made me swear not to tell anyone.
Tom made me swear not to tell.
Mary made me swear not to tell her parents.
I don't know what they know.
I don't know what he knows.
I don't know what she knows.
I don't know what Tom knows, but Tom knows what I know.
I don't know what Tom knows.
You're not going to like what I'm about to say.
You're not going to like what I'm going to say.
She made me swear not to say anything.
He made me swear not to say anything.
They made me swear not to say anything.
Tom made me swear not to say anything.
I shouldn't tell you.
I really shouldn't tell you.
"Where is Tom?" "He's out drinking at the Laughing Boar."
You won't believe what she told me!
You won't believe what Tom told me!
Please be serious.
If Tom finds out I told you this, he'll be very angry.
If Tom finds out I told you this, he'll kill me.
If Mary finds out I told you this, she'll be furious.
I don't know how, but you did it.
I don't know how, but Tom did it.
I don't know how, but she did it.
Tom quickly lost interest.
I should have done this years ago.
She wanted me to lie.
He wanted me to lie.
Have you lost your tongue? Why don't you answer?
Have you lost your tongue? Why can't you answer a simple question?
The scientists are working on a new experiment.
The heron had to hunt for food every day.
You are ruined.
He is very smart.
I'd like to eat an open-face sandwich.
What's a jungle?
Canada is a large country.
Smoking is not a healthy habit.
I think he's a bad person.
More than people died from the recent eruption. Volcanic rocks struck some victims in the head.
Although fatalities tend to be rare, many people have died as a result of volcanic eruptions during the last quarter century.
Khalid has a variety of pens.
Notwithstanding the fact that on average women are more intelligent than men, most geniuses are men.
I've read the first page.
It is a counterintuitive fact that light objects fall to earth just as quickly as heavy ones.
No sooner had Mary broken up with Tom than John was at her front door with a bunch of roses.
No sooner had Mary broken up with Tom than John asked her out.
Things were never the same after that.
Things were never quite the same after that.
Mary made me swear not to tell Tom.
Tom made me swear not to tell Mary.
It was sort of fun.
Tom is a charmer.
I have some stuff to do at home.
Mount Ontake erupted in Japan.
That's weird, isn't it?
It was a perfect moment.
I like Brazil, but nevertheless I'm going to the Ukraine.
Could you keep your eye out for my car keys?
Everyone felt sorry for Tom.
We all felt sorry for Tom.
I read the first page.
I don't think I can, but I'll try.
I haven't finished speaking yet.
She lives far from me.
Today Mount Fuji can be clearly seen.
There's hardly any wind today.
This task can be completed effortlessly.
We're not progressing.
My elder brother is able to drive.
Monday is a tough day.
I'm an animal.
"That's weird, isn't it?" "Yeah, it's a little weird."
They turned to face each other, and then kissed each other on the lips.
It's true that it would be easier for students if there were only one single Spanish dialect, but that's quite far from being the case.
You don't have to be so sarcastic.
That's so ironic.
Do you even know what ironic means?
Tom sat on a log.
All you do is party.
He's got style.
He looks like Johnny Depp.
I smiled at him and he smiled back.
I smiled at her and she smiled back.
Tom smiled at Mary and she smiled back.
Mary smiled at Tom and he smiled back.
I feel like crying, but I don't know why.
Tom doesn't think about others.
Tom never thinks about others.
Mary always thinks about others.
Tom loves charts and graphs.
Tom has a six-figure salary.
I'm sure Tom appreciates everything you've done for him.
You're being too honest.
Tom took me to a nice restaurant.
Thank Tom. It was his idea.
Tom admitted that he was scared.
Mary admitted that she was scared.
I'm sorry if this is a stupid question.
Why did you keep it a secret?
Why did you keep that a secret?
A woman had a baby after receiving a womb transplant.
Tom is totally into you.
Does that make me weird?
Are you sure that Tom is behind this?
He seems really nice.
At least people have been killed by the eruption.
At least people were killed when Mt. Ontake erupted.
I don't know how, but I did it.
I should have done this weeks ago.
I know how much she means to you.
I know how much he means to you.
I know how much Mary means to you.
Is there a problem with your hearing?
Mary wanted to know if Tom had a girlfriend.
Tom wanted to know if Mary had a boyfriend.
Don't you just love it here?
Tom came out of the bathroom with only a towel on.
Mary came out of the bathroom with only a towel on.
I think I'd better go with Tom.
What makes you think I'm going to go to Boston with Tom?
It's easy to see why people like Tom.
Everything I did, I did for Tom.
I would do anything for Tom.
Is that the best you can do for Tom?
Is there any more we can do for Tom?
It's just been a difficult few days for Tom.
These last few years have been difficult for Tom.
This has been quite a day for Tom.
Tom always has the cutest profile pictures.
Why do our schools look like prisons?
You are so full of shit.
May I show you something?
He tried to stab me in the back.
She tried to stab me in the back.
It was extremely weird.
Since I couldn't solve the problem, I returned, along with my people, and told them what had happened with our cook and her husband.
I swear, nothing happened.
This is quite difficult for Tom.
This is very difficult for Tom.
Were you able to do anything for Tom?
Why didn't you go back for Tom?
What makes you think I'm going to follow Tom?
I've decided to fire Tom.
Maybe you should just fire Tom.
Thanks God, you are fine.
Even if God didn't exist, it would be again nice to have been created.
Be with God and be a lord. (Obey God to be a king)
You just begin then God will help you.
God knew donkeys so He hasn't given them horns.
Small amounts of philosophy lead to atheism, but larger amounts bring us back to God.
The first revolt is against the supreme tyranny of theology, of the phantom of God. As long as we have a master in heaven, we will be slaves on earth.
It is as impossible for man to demonstrate the existence of God as it would be for even Sherlock Holmes to demonstrate the existence of Arthur Conan Doyle.
Theist and atheist: the fight between them is as to whether God shall be called God or shall have some other name.
The one thing that a fish can never find is water; and the one thing that man can never find is God.
He's a waste of space.
The world is a living image of God.
God is a metaphor for that which transcends all levels of intellectual thought. It's as simple as that.
Call me as soon as you find Tom.
Do you think that the police will find Tom?
It's important to me that we find Tom.
It's very important that we find Tom.
One way or another, we'll find Tom.
Were you able to find Tom?
She has been prescribed medical cannabis to alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy.
The knower and the known are one. Simple people imagine that they should see God as if he stood there and they here. This is not so. God and I, we are one in knowledge.
It's a blood orange.
That's a blood orange.
What does the law say about mobbing?
It's doing my head in.
Do you have any idea where we could find Tom?
Do you know where I might be able to find Tom?
Do you know where to find Tom?
Go and see if you can find Tom.
How did you know where to find Tom?
I'm not going to stop looking until I find Tom.
I'm not leaving until you tell me where I can find Tom.
It shouldn't take long to find Tom.
It took me a while to find Tom.
Maybe you can tell me where I can find Tom.
Should we go and try to find Tom?
We're doing everything possible to find Tom.
Where on earth did you find Tom?
I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil.
Do you think there's any chance we'll be able to finish this on time?
If Tom doesn't help us, we'll never be able to finish this on time.
I've been given until tomorrow to finish this.
I'll help you fight Tom.
One way or another, we'll figure out how to fix this.
It's important to me that we follow the rules.
"This cannot be!" "But it is!"
"Women know fuck all about football." "Yeah? Well, men know fuck all about knitting."
Soccer is the world's most popular sport.
Force is the only language they understand.
We all must stand up against this.
Violence is the only language they understand.
What makes you think I'm going to resign?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will be at the party?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will be able to find Mary?
I'm not leaving until you tell me what I want to know.
My vet recommended putting my dog to sleep.
My vet recommended euthanizing my dog.
Why weren't you able to do that?
Why couldn't you do that?
Everything's going to be great as soon as Tom gets here.
I told them to contact us if they needed help.
I have no choice but to do everything they've told me to do.
Were you able to do everything you wanted to get done?
I should've done this months ago.
Never trust a limping dog or the tears of a woman.
Tom was a little intimidated by Mary.
Even Tom is intimidated by Mary.
I have the feeling that I've met that guy before.
I have a feeling I've met her somewhere before.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not there's a point to all of this.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not I made the right decision.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not you were right all along.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not I would have been better off never having met you.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not I'm just crazy.
I know you're upset about the fact that we broke up, but my attraction to Mary didn't have anything to do with it.
Tom was smart about the way he set all of this up.
Tom was smart about the way he planned everything out.
I wasn't really doing much of anything, so I decided it'd be a good idea to walk down to the cafe.
I'm so drunk that I can't feel my face anymore.
Don't go after her, man. It's just not worth it.
A bird shat on Vladimir Vladimirovich.
Witches don't cry.
Do nothing in haste, except catching fleas.
"Witches don't cry," she whispered softly.
Tom rang home to see if anyone needed anything at the shop.
Tom whiled away a few hours before dinner revising his travel plans for his upcoming trip.
Tom didn't know if it would be worth his while applying for the job.
That was absolutely unnecessary.
What does "oncology" mean?
I filled the glass.
I've filled the glass.
I filled a glass.
I've filled a glass.
Tom saw a homeless man scavenging through a rubbish bin looking for food.
It isn't nearly enough.
And it was only with great difficulty.
How much does it really matter?
The effects of climate change are far less pronounced in Antarctica than in the northern polar regions.
Couples in long distance relationship know that they run a risk - not to mention the sacrifices they have to make.
I'd like to learn.
Is it really such a big deal?
Guys better don't bring up this topic. You're young, playful, everything's easy for you. It's wrong. It's not Chikatilo, and not even FBI archives. Better don't venture here. I'm serious, any of you would regret. Better close the topic and forget everything written here. I quite understand this message provokes more interest, but I want to warn the curious - stop. The rest will just be lost.
He apologized, so I didn't want to make a big deal about that.
Tom is by far the best French speaker in our class.
This is definitely the best method.
He couldn't understand much of what they said to each other.
It is just slightly larger than a typical fob.
But I will say this: You are gorgeous.
I shall never believe that God plays dice with the world.
He tried to maintain a calm expression, but his shaking hands betrayed him.
It happens only once in a lifetime.
Tom is only just a little bit taller than Mary.
Morality is of the highest importance — but for us, not for God.
That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God.
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
God may not play dice with the universe, but something strange is going on with the prime numbers.
The laws of nature are but the mathematical thoughts of God.
Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.
The artist must be in his work as God is in creation, invisible and all-powerful; one must sense him everywhere but never see him.
"There are others capable of helping you. You don't need me specifically." "Sure I do!"
There are numerous reasons to be hopeful.
However, I am one of those who think differently.
The author, in his work, must be like God in the Universe, present everywhere and visible nowhere.
Turkey has passed very important reform packages in Parliament during the European Union (EU) process.
Today, this is even more accurate than ever in relations with the United States.
Religion is freedom and justice being sought in the entire region.
Probably, the prime minister means 'politics based on religious values.'
Who does want change?
In what direction or fields is change necessary?
Are we subjects or objects in this process?
Let's not blindly resist a social reality.
So change is a human concept.
All these are correct.
How do you get rid of moles in the garden?
I was taught English at school.
I was pretty good at languages at school.
Where did you pick up your English?
You speak English like a native.
My brother doesn't speak English at all.
On the contrary, you speak English very well, indeed!
It is no longer customary.
My vocabulary is limited.
He expresses himself badly.
His vocabulary is inadequate.
He could not frame what he felt.
I have not got the feel of the language.
They were talking business.
Every creature is a word of God.
The more we have the less we own.
There is no yesterday nor any tomorrow, but only Now, as it was a thousand years ago and as it will be a thousand years hence.
Do you have pen pals from Indonesia?
Pick up the language as you did your mother tongue.
He spoke to me about it.
He speaks without an accent.
Learn the language by ear rather than by eye.
I lost the thread of the story.
He spoke his mind freely.
The debate was closed.
They were wrangling.
He gave a straight answer.
She did not agree with him.
Don't keep harping on the same string!
The word is frequently used in this sense.
It is rare in this sense.
It is hard to understand.
He captivates us by his genius.
The dog got a treat.
Only animal products contain cholesterol.
I would like to eat something.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
A painter paints his pictures on canvas. But musicians paint their pictures on silence. We provide the music, and you provide the silence.
I wanted to save this for an occasion.
I wanted to save this for a special occasion.
He had to share his room with his sister.
I'm learning the Burmese language.
She had to share her room with her brother.
He had to share his bedroom with his brother.
That's incredibly boring.
As far as I know, she's not yet married.
That's all I have to know.
My bag was nowhere to be found.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Without music, life would be an error. The German imagines even God singing songs.
I'm old enough to make my own decisions.
Mary bought a new dress for the party.
Mary bought a fake Louis Vuitton handbag in Hong Kong.
Mary bought a fake Gucci handbag.
Tom's girlfriend threatened to leave him.
Mary's boyfriend threatened to leave her.
Tom washed his hands and face.
Where words fail, music speaks.
There is geometry in the humming of the strings, there is music in the spacing of the spheres.
Mary, I'm serious.
Tom, I'm serious.
Alpha Centauri B is the sun of the planet Alpha Centauri Bb­.
She kissed me without saying a word.
What are you and Tom doing tomorrow?
Think global, act local.
Think globally, act locally.
Mary usually gives Tom the silent treatment after they've had an argument.
Mary's mother grew up in an age of sexual repression of women.
Tom's working on a autobiography of his life and times.
Tom washed the lenses of his glasses with warm, soapy water and dried them on a cloth.
I still cannot talk about it without crying.
Why do women speak in riddles but expect clear answers?
Tom washed his face and hands.
A long time ago, there was a bridge there.
He's a good bloke.
It is not the situation that makes the man, but the man who makes the situation.
That lift makes a lot of noise.
The children played in the mud with enthusiasm.
Excuse me, your laces are untied.
This is because of you.
He was a short, elderly man with thick glasses.
A lily was the emblem of French Kings.
Norway has surprised me.
I sold the car.
She thought of a good way to make money with the help of the internet.
I will get you sorted out, sir.
Hold up there, sergeant.
Do you want to figure out your purpose in life? Live your passion!
We all have done that.
Tom doesn't have either a cat or a dog.
The cheetah is the fastest animal in the world.
He went back to the village after he graduated.
The military power of this country is very advanced.
The development of economy has brought other social problems.
We have investigated his criminal record.
The Red Cross constantly supplies food to the disaster areas.
He is a little bit unhappy today.
He's my cousin.
Tom let this golden opportunity go by.
I don't feel so lucky.
He may have gone already.
Maybe she has other plans?
I think that was really mean of you.
Maybe she has a bad conscience.
A second later his lips curved in a malicious smile.
Tom later realised that his behaviour had been way over the top.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.
I repair broken phones.
Don't forget to come here tomorrow at seven.
The second document is a letter addressed to the King, written by the Parliament of Paris.
You are beautiful to such an extent that everyone loves you.
He was being very abrasive.
He has an abrasive personality.
I can't stand being around abrasive people.
If a conversation is not going too well, try changing tack.
If a conversation is not going all that well, try another approach.
The work mostly consists of removing undergrowth and clearing away litter.
She gave me an incongruent answer.
She gave me a conflicting answer.
We have a good rapport.
We get along well.
I had to listen to another one of his long-winded stories.
You should try to avoid prolix wording.
Although I almost instinctively felt some resentment that my employer had placed me on probation after my mistake, I soon overcame my feelings of animus towards her and, instead of harbouring a grudge, resolved to treat the entire affair as a necessary learning experience.
Many readers will get lost if your writing is too prolix.
You are going to lose a lot of readers if your writing is too prolix.
The arrival of the statuesque woman in her tailored red dress occasioned much comment at the funeral.
His expulsion from university was occasioned by his academic misconduct.
Tom's failure to pay rent on time had twice occasioned a penalty. Then the apartment manager warned that if it were to happen again, he would serve Tom with a ten-day notice of eviction.
Taste cold steel!
I wish I had an apathy-inducing superpower, although I probably wouldn't care enough to use it.
I don't want to be quoted, and don't quote that I don't want to be quoted.
I realized I was dreaming because a female voice coming from nowhere started demeaning me for not realizing I was dreaming, which led me to do a reality check.
The real purpose of the law was enshrouded in layers of obscure terminology.
The city was completely enshrouded in a deep layer of clouds produced by pollution.
The two scholars argued for hours about biblical hermeneutics.
Music is the universal language of mankind — poetry their universal pastime and delight.
It was our first time riding a tandem bicycle.
He drove horses tandem out of town.
He knew how to drive horses tandem.
Tom runs the café in tandem with his wife.
Tom started an online business in tandem with Mary.
In order to get me to believe in something supernatural, you need to provide me with unequivocal proof of its existence.
He appeared confident before presenting his findings, but his presentation was at best equivocal.
The mainstream media is the most prevalent practitioner of scaremongering.
He was a scaremonger, always trying to make people worry.
Open the door with care.
I forgot to trim my dog's nails.
Discussions about religion are very often contentious.
Religion is a contentious topic for many people.
She was known for always being contentious.
The debate was very contentious and didn't result in any fruitful conclusions.
Grandmaster is the highest achievable title in chess.
Many people considered him a niggard.
It's not always wise to follow what others tell you.
I used to weigh seventy kilos.
She was in a panic and yelled something inarticulate.
He became inarticulate after just a couple of beers.
He would always project his own suppositions as undeniable facts.
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without.
I'm tired of this crossword puzzle.
The election results have not yet become known.
I don't know who knows.
We'd already expected you yesterday, but you haven't come yet. Come tomorrow at the latest!
What kind of crapola is this?
I think I've heard this song before.
Love cannot express the idea of music, while music may give an idea of love.
I try to apply colors like words that shape poems, like notes that shape music.
Should the cease-fire be allowed to break down completely?
Don't trust any statistics you did not fake yourself.
His irresponsibility astounds me.
It's a proper interesting book.
Perhaps you can remember where you put the keys.
Could you remind me when the meeting starts?
Could you clear the table, please?
Whenever I see you I think of your mother.
It's not essential to wait.
I would be most obliged if you would shut up!
Run and get some bread from the baker's!
I was at the baker's.
I used to go to the baker's.
I went to the baker's.
Is he taller than his brother?
If you had helped me I would be grateful.
Forbidden fruit tastes best.
Money is the new god.
My greatest desire has come true.
The major caveat that is preventing me from travelling more is increased travel expenses.
His proposal was very well received, but it had one big caveat.
The biggest caveat of using social media is reduced privacy.
Textbooks are expensive.
Why are textbooks so expensive?
There are many different kinds of beauty.
How much money do you spend on textbooks per semester?
Mary bought herself a microscope.
I have no idea how to do that.
Today's show is a rerun.
Tom has started ignoring me.
And then she started ignoring me for no reason.
Our family has lived here for generations.
Tom threw a rock at the tree.
Mary has a huge crush on Tom, but she's too shy to talk to him.
Married people are happier than unmarried people.
My mother-in-law never passes up an opportunity to upbraid me over my decision to go into business for myself.
Stop acting like such a fool.
The breakwater had no effect against the tsunami.
Tom says that he's never lied to Mary.
Tom will be eligible for parole in five years.
Tom has no recollection of how he got his black eye.
Tom bad-mouthed Mary to all his friends and family after their breakup.
Yesterday, a young missionary was at my front door, but I was not able to dissuade him from his faith.
I've never been able to roll my Rs...
The team is an effective blend of warhorses and young bucks.
What do you mean "we need to be more careful with hygiene"? Are you implying that I don't wash my hands?
I'm a completely new person since that night.
Am I ready to die?
While I work, I reflect.
Tom followed in his father's footsteps and became a lawyer.
Tom takes after his father in a lot of ways.
The show is only a simulation of reality.
I ran across the field.
I need to review and revise my approach.
Is Tom still at school?
It might take a little while.
He's crazy.
How did you know I was Canadian?
You and I, we are friends.
The sea is a road, because it leads to the islands.
Show me what you're made of!
It's time to buckle down.
Today I'm going to show you another side of me.
Don't go telling strangers your name, even if they ask you what it is.
I live within spitting distance of the underground station.
He has become a role model for his younger stepbrother.
Failing by so narrow a margin left Tom feeling dispirited.
Tom admired his father and wanted to be like him when he grew up.
After a big night out, Tom looked in the mirror and was shocked to see he had a black eye.
You don't have to be Einstein to work that out.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
Excuse me, where's the exit?
I live within spitting distance of the subway station.
I live very close to the subway station.
Three people can keep a secret so long as two of them are dead.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
She left just as I arrived.
Tom was just about to leave as I arrived.
When I arrived, she was just getting ready to leave.
Tom was awarded a lucrative contract.
Mary became famous very quickly.
Tom became very famous very quickly.
Come on, admit it.
Come on, hurry up.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, touch it.
Come on, trust me.
Are you sure you don't want to go shopping with us?
Are you sure you don't want to go to Boston?
Are you sure you don't want to play tennis this afternoon?
Are you sure you don't want to sleep on it?
Are you sure you don't want to stay here and wait with us?
Are you sure you don't want to take a break?
Are you sure you don't want to think about it for a while?
Are you sure you don't want to think about it until tomorrow?
Tom became very famous.
Tom became very famous quickly.
Tom became famous very quickly.
Tom quickly became very famous.
Do you really think I didn't know what you were doing?
Do you really think I'd do that?
Do you really think I'd let anyone come between us?
Do you really think Mary was flirting with me?
Do you really think Tom can hear us?
Do you really think Tom is going to believe me?
Do you really think you can control Tom?
Do you really think you can run as fast as me?
I find joy in ruining lives, it's my guilty pleasure.
I love playing on words.
I have not seen you in a while.
He came even though the weather was bad.
She came even though the weather was bad.
My cat sleeps with me.
I cry every time I see this film.
Do you have a menu in English?
Do you have an English menu?
How hungry are you, Tom?
How hungry are you?
I didn't know there was a pond here.
Be careful. The floor is slippery.
The floor is slippery, so be careful.
I always forget that I already logged in.
I never want to drive in Boston again.
Is it true that Tom is dating a Japanese girl?
I often wish I'd been born a man.
I didn't expect to see you at a place like this.
I wish that Tom would get struck by lightning and die.
It will break.
The girl is drinking tea now.
Tom, can you show Mary how to use the scanner?
Tom, would you show Mary how to use the scanner?
I get lonely when the cat is outside all day.
Facebook has now been invested with such significance in our society that a growing number of employers — and even some psychologists — are of the opinion that people who don't have a profile on this social network are "suspicious".
No one attacks me with impunity.
Every minute counts.
I'd like to visit Australia someday.
Why didn't you tell me you couldn't do it without my help?
Why didn't you tell me you didn't know how to do this?
Why didn't you tell me you didn't like Tom?
Why didn't you tell me you didn't understand French?
Why didn't you tell me you needed my help?
Why didn't you tell me you were allergic to peanuts?
Why didn't you tell me you were from Australia?
Why didn't you tell me you were lactose intolerant?
Why didn't you tell me you were planning to be here?
Why didn't you tell me you were planning to go to Boston?
She gave me a sexy look.
What exactly did you ask Tom?
What exactly do you know about Tom?
What exactly do you want to do with this money?
What exactly are you planning to do?
Why didn't you say something earlier?
Do you still love Tom?
Have you ever studied abroad?
Why didn't you tell me about it sooner?
He values the truth.
Water and bread, this is a dog's life.
Now is the time for Esperanto, because communication has become vastly more important in the world.
This shop shuts at nine.
A passport is a valid form of identification.
From the age of one is obliged to carry ID in Holland.
We are being helped.
We didn't see him.
We didn't see her.
I was going to repair the car.
Let me introduce you to my sister.
It's quarter past one.
It's half past one.
And know this, these things are true.
Please make sure to put a period at the end of a sentence.
Many people visit the beautiful towns of Italy.
I live in a province.
The defense of the master thesis is just happening next month.
He isn't very happy today.
One of Tom's pet hates is people driving too close to the back of him.
Tom looked very bedraggled after being caught in a heavy downpour during his run.
The vegetable garden looked bedraggled after being hit by an early frost.
There's something I'd like you to take a look at.
To a willing person, injury is not done.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is gone.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is out.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse has run away.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse has escaped.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse has run off.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse has been stolen.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse has already gotten out.
It's too late to shut the barn door when the horse is already out.
It's too late to shut the barn door when the horse has already run off.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the animals are out.
Tom went on a road trip with his friends.
Mary went on a road trip with her friends.
Tom and Mary were a perfect couple. It's such a shame.
No one wants to fail. Everyone wants to succeed.
I've never ever seen one before.
The line for the ladies' room was minutes long.
Failure is the best way to learn.
It's a great little car.
Tom and Mary both have drinks in their hands.
It's pretty galling to think about how long the affair was going on before I found out about it.
Many Italian-Americans can't speak Italian.
Tom parked his car nearby.
Tom spent a decade as an apprentice.
The police suspended Tom's licence on the spot.
Tom was given a six-month suspended sentence.
My favorite bar had its liquor license suspended for serving alcohol to minors.
Nature is cruel.
Are we on the air?
Everyone stared at me.
Do I look like an idiot?
"Do I look like an idiot?" "No, not at all."
I want to do everything.
It was his idea. He made me do it.
It was her idea. She made me do it.
That girl has quite a reputation.
That boy has quite a reputation.
You know what they say about Tom.
You know what they say about Mary.
It seemed like a dream to me.
I know about you and Mary.
I want to be an actress.
It's obvious that you like him.
It's obvious that you like her.
Tom hasn't got the sense that God gave a goose.
Translate the word.
We know just as little of what the soul is as we know of what is life. It's mysterious enough to be uncertain as to how much of the world I am and how much of me the world is. Nevertheless, the unconscious is real in any event, because it works.
Why didn't you call for me to help?
Would you scrub my back, please?
Tom's a terrible joke teller, because he often forgets the punchline.
I just want to say hello.
Did you see yesterday's fireworks?
Did you see the eclipse yesterday?
He has committed suicide.
Let's turn over a new leaf.
I have taken out a life-policy.
Good afternoon!
Did you see the lunar eclipse yesterday?
Did you see the solar eclipse yesterday?
Nature is cruel and beautiful.
"Nature is cruel and beautiful... like me," said Mary.
How are you finding the party?
This show has an animal as a main character.
This show's main character is a talking squirrel.
Tom works in a pasta factory.
Why are you asking me about Tom?
Why do you believe Tom?
Why don't you ask Tom for help?
Why don't you help Tom?
Why is everybody so worried about Tom?
Why is everyone so concerned about this?
Why is everyone so concerned about Tom?
Why is everyone staring at Tom?
Why should I worry about Tom?
Why shouldn't I do that?
Why shouldn't I worry about Tom?
One of the main characters of the webcomic El Goonish Shive, and arguably the most adorable of them, is a weresquirrel (among other things).
"There, a squirrel" "What? Where?" "Up there on the tree. Do you see it?" "Yes, I see it!"
Tom was spoiling his clothes.
Many people aren't glad about the current situation of the world.
'Bring and Buy' refers to an informal sale, often conducted for charity, to which people bring items for sale and buy those that others have brought.
If you happen to see Tom, could you ask him to give Mary a ring?
If you happen to see Mary, tell her Tom was asking after her.
Tom likes Swiss cheese.
I don't understand these legal documents.
My bike was stolen last week.
Tom's bike was stolen by a drug addict.
I still have the picture that I took of you years ago.
Boy bands were very popular at that time.
Tom is playing with his toy truck.
The children are playing with blocks.
Many of these disadvantaged children had never seen a book before.
Do you know much about Boston?
Do you know much about that?
Do you know much about Tom?
This is the bullet that the doctor took out of Tom.
This is the guitar that Tom gave me.
Tom put his bedroom in order.
Tom straightened up his bedroom.
A question that children commonly ask is: "Where do the holes in the cheese come from?"
There is violence and chaos in the streets.
Yes! I will kill her! You'll see, I will kill her!
An on-line form with data entry fields must guide users as to any error they made in filling out the form. It should preferably provide a example of the sort of data expected. The software script should never simply refuse to validate the input data without an explanation of what specific error made the filled-in form unacceptable.
He hunted gulls.
Their house lay amid a small stand of trees.
They came rowing towards shore in a rowboat.
He sat on a small rock and looked out to sea.
I'm buttering the bread.
Don't fritter your newly earned money away!
Don't squander your newly earned money!
The same debate took place in 2000.
What has changed since then?
What are we debating now?
They are debating a nonexistent issue.
Would domestic peace be plunged into jeopardy?
Today, there is a climate of relative peace in the south-east.
Has the climate changed?
Don't fret too much.
Two years have passed since then.
And then I heard that they eat blue cheese on thin ginger cookies in Sweden. Can that be right?
My favorite subjects in high school were geometry and history.
All students have to learn both national languages ​​in mainland Finland.
The course is divided into four smaller units.
My brother took a job offered in Boston.
This store here is open around the clock.
Global warming, the term is so outdated, it's called climate change now.
Enough, stop this fight!
We will decide later.
He acted with common sense.
Until then, we are postponing the execution.
There are important questions that have to be answered.
Come on, make a move!
Do not criticize anybody!
Do not complain about the conditions!
Accept it or not, this is a debatable view.
Have you ever eaten Turkish food?
Have you ever eaten Mexican food?
You should tell your mother as soon as possible.
You should inform your mother as soon as you can.
Good morning. It's time to get up.
Why is everyone so tense?
She posted an entry to the blog yesterday.
Why are you all still awake?
Why is everybody laughing?
Why are you all laughing?
Yesterday, I read a post of hers that I found online.
It is a great honor to meet him.
Mary thought that Tom was asleep.
I'm searching for any kind of work.
Do you have any problems with that?
Biking is becoming more and more popular in North America.
I really want this.
I really, really want this.
Please mom, I want a gingerbread squirrel!
Hey, slow down!
Tom is a professional negotiator.
The plane is overbooked.
The airline asked some passengers to give up their seats because the plane was overbooked.
If you don't ask for something, you'll never get it.
Tom pretended to be working hard, but in fact he was just contributing sentences to Tatoeba.
Mary pretended to be working on her computer, but in fact she was eavesdropping on the conversation.
Are you sure he doesn't have a girlfriend?
Are you sure she doesn't have a boyfriend?
Tom's last name is Mary.
The kids traded baseball cards.
I don't want this doll. I want your doll. Do you want to trade?
Tom wanted to be an opera singer.
My dream is to become a famous singer.
Tom's dream is to become a famous singer, but the only problem is that he can't sing.
LeBron James is the best player in the NBA.
There are still many things left to learn about the human brain.
Tom's team is the worst team in the league.
Tom lives miles from the Canadian border.
Where do you buy bus tickets?
Have you ever eaten tomatoes with sugar?
Can I go to your house to play?
The children are playing with legos.
Mega Bloks are less expensive than legos.
Haven't you lost some weight? Are you eating properly?
It seems like Jakob is in love.
Most Europeans can't tell the difference between Japanese and Chinese people.
"Our train leaves at 9." "Don't worry. We'll make it."
French women are beautiful.
Tom works as a forklift operator.
What is your opinion on the Japanese education system?
Ouch! I bit my tongue!
On Facebook, there's a "like" button, but where's the "hate" button?
They can't both be right.
Tom's company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands.
Tom's company is under investigation by the Federal Trade Commission.
This company is under investigation by the FTC.
A fire broke out inside the movie theater.
Are you ready for the truth?
These government officials are corrupt.
Yes, I understand. Thanks a lot.
We tried to make the best of it.
She gave a diffuse answer.
Asians eat a lot of rice.
Shall we take a picture here?
Mary lives in an apartment with her mother and two younger brothers.
What a chaotic day.
Is it tough working at McDonald's?
Mum! Tom ate my cookie!
Let's play football today.
I need the sun.
This is a genius.
He's writing a letter.
Don't lean against the doors.
Can we see each other next weekend?
I guess it's the only way to bear one of his concerts.
I guess it's the only way to bear one of her concerts.
The two birds built a nest without a building permit.
Liisa is regarded as the secret favorite.
This tire is punctured.
Dedicate this phrase to your best friends.
The stupidity of animal-rights activists knows no boundaries.
Here are a few good rules on how to preserve food.
The moonlight is weak.
The moon has no light of its own, the light of the moon comes from the sun.
The only good light is that of the moon.
Is the only good light that of the moon?
Does the president expect to even have a second term?
It is difficult to find a job in the United States.
Tom lied in bed.
Will not the price to be paid for the things to be lost, be too high?
He will suggest new approaches.
We are at such a critical stage.
We will plunge into a worse crisis.
The situation is extremely critical.
We have a few weeks.
Now, one has to be well-prepared.
They continue being stubborn.
The richer they got, the more confident they became.
We are all responsible for this situation.
For the time being, there seems to be almost no hope of a solution.
Do you have a hobby, Tom?
Do you have some kind of hobby?
InoTV is a Russian-language news channel.
Why are boys so stupid?
Why are boys so dumb?
No, I'm not crazy.
Tom is never coming back. He's dead.
How many times do I have to say it?
That was one of the biggest mistakes in my life.
Mosquitos love me.
I might be drunk, but I'm not crazy.
Tom lied on the witness stand.
Tom put on a pair of sunglasses.
It's not quite as simple as that.
I'm sick of lying.
I hated you at first.
"Did you do that?" "No, Mom, I didn't."
I'll come back. I promise.
Don't point the laser at my face!
My laser printer only prints in black and white.
Although critics have sometimes dismissed genre fiction as escapist, poorly written and full of clichés, some writers — such as Jules Verne, H.G. Wells, Mary Shelley and Edgar Allan Poe — have transcended the genres of science fiction or of horror to craft classic works of literature.
We'll see you off.
I'm busy getting ready for my trip.
Today, I'm busy getting ready for my trip.
I'm sorry I can't help you now. I'm busy.
Ensure that contractor prepares the HSE Plan based on the criteria set.
What's everyone so excited about?
Why is everyone so excited?
The book is about the life of a woman in prison.
One can have an instant access to the desired information on the Internet.
Take your time. You're working too fast. You'll make mistakes.
Iran and Russia will establish a joint bank.
In my opinion, you can joke about anything. A lot of times people joke to make tragic events feel more tolerable.
It's a bargain!
Everyone is expected to abide by the company's established rules.
Let's welcome the engaged couple: Tom and Mary.
The rules established by the company are very strict.
Our club dining room also has a menu in Esperanto.
Even with the best intentions, you could not understand him.
The company's established rules are very strict.
Markku acted as if he hadn't heard me.
Plato thought that the universe was made up of triangles.
The Altmühl, Naab and Regen tributaries meet the Danube from the left.
On the right, the Iller, Lech, Isar and Inn rivers draw towards the Danube.
The Danube begins at the confluence of the Brigach and the Breg rivers.
You've been high on drugs since you were born.
Why did God make the world the way He did?
Forgetfulness and laziness are siblings.
Why are there stars in the sky?
Why did God create the universe?
What will you be reincarnated as?
Tom will probably be reincarnated as a squirrel.
There was no class, due to a problem with the water supply to the school.
You can't step twice into the same river.
I wish I had a roommate to hang out with.
He had to get a scholarship.
While I was dreaming, a woman in a white robe appeared to me.
I think that I was a princess in a past life.
The soul is immortal.
You should play with your cat more often.
The first sentence is the most important sentence of the book.
Love is not a finite resource.
I'm running out of closet space.
The bear would have liked to have eaten the apple.
You should help your friends.
They aren't the kind of people you should want to be friends with.
Pay attention to what others around you are doing.
Mary likes to dress up on special occasions.
Where do you get your hair done?
Where did you get your hair done?
How many times a week do you eat out?
Tom's mother still buys his clothes for him.
Nobody is going to know where you purchased your clothes.
"Nobody is going to know where you bought your clothes." "No, they will!"
How often do you eat out?
Don't post drunk pictures on Facebook or Twitter.
Does anyone know anything about the ebola virus that is afflicting Africa?
Ebola seems to be spreading at an exponential rate, which is very worrying to say the least.
I'm buying writing paper, stamps and some tissues.
I don't have enough money to buy the latest smartphone.
"How did you come to speak French so well?" - "Well, I am French."
After seven years of wartime captivity, Tom was a broken man.
Having spent seven years as a prisoner of war, Tom was a broken man.
The Latin noun "hortus" belongs to the o-declension.
The ablative plural of "rosa" is "rosis".
The genitive singular of "rosa" is "rosae".
The trolls play a role in Iceland.
In German, the definite article's genitive plural in all three genders is "der".
In German, the feminine definite article's genitive singular is "der".
Many of the text formulations arouse suspicion that the author failed to mention a reliance on some English source.
In the second-person singular, the perfect active indicative of "laudare" is "laudavisti".
Why do you speak French so well?
We are a happy couple who've been together for more than twenty years.
I'm from Diyarbakir.
Speech sounds are defined as phones.
Tom has just finished eating dinner.
Mary bought a skirt and a blouse.
I'm from Syria.
This woman is not from Syria.
She is my older sister.
They used this table.
I am no longer your teacher.
Her arms and legs are long.
I finished reading this novel in under three days.
Smoking is not allowed inside the elevator.
He is Spanish.
He is Portuguese.
I really opened up a can of worms, didn't I?
Over the weekend I went out to dinner with this married couple that I met through a mutual friend and we all wound up going home together.
Unfortunately, my wife and my lover don't get along very well together.
I could never be a phlebotomist. I don't have the stomach for that kind of work.
Open up a tab for her.
The employees are all unionized.
I don't like office politics.
I only have hours left to decide.
You only have hours left to decide.
"You owe me money." "No, I don't."
Mary was so happy that she started dancing.
This car salesman is not honest.
You're too young to remember the nineties.
You've lost some weight, haven't you? Are you eating properly?
Many young people don't listen to radio anymore.
I have to know more about this kind of things.
The suffix "da" is added to the noun "araba" to give the meaning of "in the car."
Someone's been here. I can tell that my things aren't where I left them.
Some animals change gender.
He has changed his clothing style.
He has changed his opinion.
It is new.
They passed away and left me.
What will happen in the eternal future that seems to have no purpose, but clearly just manifested by fate?
Can you fill out this form?
I don't want to learn words without context.
Peel the bananas and mash them with a fork.
Put the margarine in a bowl and mix until creamy.
Add the sugar and eggs, and beat well.
Dissolve the baking powder in tbsp water.
Add the flour, salt, baking powder and mashed bananas, and work into a dough.
Put the dough in a greased loaf pan and let stand for minutes.
Afterward, bake in oven preheated to 175ºC for about hour.
Afterward, bake in oven preheated to 350ºF for about hour.
Tom is poor, but he's happy.
Despite all its disadvantages, serfhood was the primary means by which the unity of the nation was preserved.
I asked Tom if he liked Chinese food.
Is it OK if we change the subject?
Unmold them after taking them out of the oven.
Bake at 240ºC (thermostat 8), and lower min. after to 200ºC (thermostat 6-7); let bake more min. Keep an eye on the baking!
Grease the madeleine molds and pour in the batter (but not all the way to the top; the madeleines will rise!)
Add the flour and baking powder, then the butter and leftover milk; let stand for min.
Mix the eggs with the sugar until the mixture whitens. Next, add the orange blossom and g of milk.
Melt the butter in a saucepan at low heat; reserve.
Here is a classic recipe for crème brûlée.
Maybe we'll find succor in the nearest village.
There's a chance that I can be there by 2:30.
You haven't said one word to me all afternoon.
Where would you like to go this afternoon?
You promised you'd never do that again.
How long do you think you can keep from insulting Tom again?
You seem to know all the answers.
I knew I couldn't do it, but I tried anyway.
Is Tom going to be arrested?
Do you think Tom will ever go to Australia?
Do you want me to throw it away?
He loves the new house.
He learned French in school, but he forgot much of it.
Tell us, what are "spiritual ties"?
Are you really serious about going to Boston?
Aren't you glad you didn't go to Boston?
Aren't you glad you didn't have to go to Boston?
How are you going to get to Boston?
How long did it take you to get to Boston?
I hope I get the chance to go to Boston.
I'm glad you came.
Oh, that's crazy.
Tom has been declared brain dead.
You should come over this evening for dinner.
A foul odor emanated from the room.
I was up for hours last night thinking about what I should do.
I was up for hours last night thinking about wondering what I should do.
Do you know what Tom is going to do?
Hey, you're early.
Nobody knows where Tom came from.
I need you to tell me what you know about what happened.
See if you can find out more about what happened.
Weren't you just a bit surprised by what happened?
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a cowboy hat.
Here, let me help.
Did you really think I wasn't going to help?
Would you like me to help?
Maybe you've forgotten why I came here.
How long did it take you to get here?
I need help here.
How long have you been living here?
How long do you think you can stay here?
You still haven't told us why you're here.
He searched for me, found me, and now we're a couple.
Tom told me things I never knew about him.
Tom entered the room and shut the door behind him.
Tom ran so fast I couldn't catch him.
How long did it take you to finish your homework?
How long did it take you to build your house?
I'm going hunting.
Is Tom badly hurt?
Aren't you worried that Tom might get injured?
That's not what I said at all.
That isn't what I was saying at all.
We might as well get this over with.
We might as well get started.
Lunch is ready.
No, I'm not stupid.
I'm always listening to music; I can't live without it.
Music is a way to dream together and go to another dimension.
Great music is that which penetrates the ear with facility and leaves the memory with difficulty. Magical music never leaves the memory.
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
Secular liberalism is the final religion, though its church is not of the other world but of this.
Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears from the eyes of woman.
Music can name the unnameable and communicate the unknowable.
If you look deep enough you will see music; the heart of nature being everywhere music.
Today the society of Russia clearly lacks spiritual ties.
Place the flour, butter and salt into a large clean bowl.
Rub the butter into the flour with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs, working as quickly as possible to prevent the dough becoming warm.
Add the water to the mixture and, using a cold knife, stir until the dough binds together.
Add more cold water a teaspoon at a time if the mixture is too dry.
Wrap the dough in clear film and chill for to minutes.
Heat the oven to 220°C. Meanwhile, simmer the apples with the lemon juice and water in a large pan until soft.
Add the sugar and cinnamon to the cooked apples.
Remove from the heat, add the butter, and leave to cool.
Roll out half the pastry and line a 13-cm pie dish.
Put the cooled, cooked apple mixture into the pastry case.
Roll out the remaining pastry to make a lid for the pie.
Dampen the edges of the pastry in the dish with a little cold water, cover with the lid, press the edges firmly together, and crimp to decorate.
Brush the top of the pie with milk and bake at the top of a hot oven for to minutes.
Serve hot or cold with cream, ice cream, or custard sauce.
Preheat the oven to 400ºF. Brush the inside of a large soufflé dish with tablespoons of softened butter.
Pour the batter into the prepared soufflé dish and bake it for to minutes, or until the soufflé is puffed and deep golden brown. Serve immediately.
Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart.
Music is the soundtrack of your life.
When you stay too long in the same place, things and people go to pot on you. They rot and start stinking for your special benefit.
Let's all give Tom a hand.
Crying won't solve anything.
You won't solve anything by crying.
Your crying won't solve anything.
Tom recognized the writing on the wall.
He was cornered.
Tom has a little mustache.
Berlin is a very dynamic city.
I bump into Tom from time to time.
I run into Tom occasionally.
Mary wore a flowery skirt.
Mary has short, curly brown hair.
Everyone looked at him like he was crazy.
Is that illegal?
Enjoy!
Mary often has to take care of her younger siblings.
Sometimes, we don't know if we are in love.
All I think about is you.
Tom has a Japanese friend.
This would look so cute on you!
Your father got a promotion.
When was the last time you got a manicure?
When was the last time you got a pedicure?
Tom has tested positive for Ebola.
Tom has tested positive for HIV.
Tom has tested positive for drugs.
Tom has tested positive for marijuana.
Tom has tested positive for cocaine.
It's not dessert time yet.
I have some extra tickets for the concert.
All of the students have to wear the same uniform.
How do you know I'm not from here?
"How do you know I'm not from here?" "It's obvious."
"How do you know I'm not from here?" "It's obvious." "Really?"
"You're joking." "I'm not."
Tom wanted to ask her to dance but was afraid that she would say no.
I was so afraid that no one would ask me to dance.
Tom took her by the arm and led her out on the dance floor.
She didn't want to dance with me.
He didn't want to dance with me.
Tom didn't want to dance with me.
Mary was afraid that no one would ask her to dance.
All of my friends got asked to dance except me.
No one really cares what you look like when you dance.
There is no one standard for beauty.
He probably has a girlfriend already.
Two small rabbits, a white rabbit and a black rabbit, lived in a large forest.
I can't forget the day I met him.
She's totally in love with him.
Tom probably has a girlfriend already.
I think Tom probably has a girlfriend already.
I think Tom has a girlfriend already.
I wish Tom didn't already have a girlfriend.
I wish Mary didn't already have a boyfriend.
Some people are nice, and some are mean.
Some people are nicer than others.
Tom cancelled at the last moment.
They sound better live.
Mary wanted to run for class president.
Tom married her anyway.
Are rabbits cuter than squirrels?
Mary twirled her hair between her fingers.
Mary wrote her number on a piece of paper and handed it to Tom.
Tom canceled at the last moment.
There are no other options.
Why are these teenagers laughing?
I had to get up very early this morning.
Have you decided on a name for your baby?
He emigrated at the age of twenty.
Tom emigrated to Australia when he was thirty.
Tom immigrated to Australia when he was thirty.
I'm glad I did it.
If it's too hard for you, I'll ask Tom to do it.
I enjoyed it.
Tom hates it.
You almost didn't get offered the job.
Do you mean you really don't know?
Maybe you'd better leave.
Do you mind if I leave?
I think it's time we asked Tom to leave.
Do you think Tom will ever get a driver's license?
Music is one of those things that make us feel a little less alone in the world.
All good music resembles something. Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it.
I may be helping to bring harmony between people through my music.
Music is the silence between the notes.
It's obvious Tom really cares about Mary.
Tom couldn't stop staring at Mary.
Tom is the only one who isn't angry at Mary.
Tom sat in the passenger seat beside Mary.
Tom sat in the passenger seat next to Mary.
Tom was on the jury that convicted Mary.
Tom lied when he said he didn't like Mary.
I'm listening to this song.
Who was this book written by?
So long as the human spirit thrives on this planet, music in some living form will accompany and sustain it and give it expressive meaning.
Music is the arithmetic of sounds as optics is the geometry of light.
Make haste slowly.
Music is the expression of the movement of the waters, the play of curves described by changing breezes.
Music is an outburst of the soul.
What is the scale of this map?
What passions cannot music raise or quell?
Users of Tatoeba shouldn't feel alone and desperate.
The letter T is a common consonant.
It's no use kicking at an open door.
I came to work by bike this morning.
He does not like to take a bus, no matter when.
Could you come to collect me?
What time and where exactly shall we meet?
When I was studying at Beijing University, my parents came to China and traveled for three months.
What time did you leave work yesterday?
How did you get to work yesterday?
When did your younger sister start learning English?
I am going to a distant place, you don't want to ask where.
Give me your blood, I will give you freedom.
Have you ever kissed a girl?
Have you ever been to Disneyland?
Is there anything else you want to ask?
How do you know so much about me?
I knew you'd be talking about me.
You don't even know the first thing about me.
You don't know a thing about me.
You seem to know a great deal about me.
You seem to know a lot about me.
They'll look after me.
You have every right to be mad at me.
Tom called Mary and pretended to be me.
You should realize by now that you can't beat me.
Can I ask you one more question?
Is it OK if I ask another question?
May I ask another question?
Could I ask one more question?
Don't you think Tom and John look alike?
Would it be OK if I sat here?
Music is only love looking for words.
The best, most beautiful, and most perfect way that we have of expressing a sweet concord of mind to each other is by music.
Oh, so that's what that is!
A nation creates music — the composer only arranges it.
Music is the soul of language.
The Wedding March always reminds me of the music played when soldiers go into battle.
"But Mom!" "Don't 'mom' me."
You should realize by now that you can't fool me.
Do you have any more advice for me?
I'm sure my family is looking for me.
This hasn't been easy for me.
You said you'd do anything for me.
You should never have waited for me.
You shouldn't have voted for me.
You won't be able to forget me.
You didn't have to hide from me.
You're not going to get any more help from me.
Someone has to help me.
Tom is going to help me.
That car could've hit me.
You promised me you wouldn't leave me.
You don't need to pretend that you still like me.
You could say that you love me.
You know where to find me if you need me.
Are you trying to get a rise out of me?
If you want to pick on somebody, pick on me.
You probably don't even remember me.
You don't look pleased to see me.
You don't look happy to see me.
You don't look very happy to see me.
You don't seem surprised to see me.
Hey, listen to me.
That never even occurred to me.
You could've just talked to me.
You don't have to explain yourself to me.
You don't know how much that means to me.
You don't know what that means to me.
You don't know what this means to me.
You said you wanted to talk to me.
You should leave that sort of thing to me.
I can't remember everything Tom told me.
I don't think Tom understood me.
Stop trying to pick a fight with me.
You can't come to Boston with me.
You don't have to wait with me.
You said you'd go to Boston with me.
You should come and live with me.
You should come to Boston with me.
You should stay with me.
You can handle this without me.
Mary learned to braid hair as a girl.
I don't know when he'll come.
Lemon and melon are anagrams.
The young girls twined wreaths of flowers.
The kite disappeared into the sky.
Mary drew a house and a tree.
Tom drew a spaceship.
The girls weaved the flowers into wreaths.
Tom played with his toy tractor.
I don't know what we'll do.
Mary put her doll in the microwave.
These clothes are beautiful, but pricey.
I don't know what could've happened.
I don't know what I'm going to do next.
Are you on some sort of medication?
I've already asked Tom whether he'd help or not.
How's it feel now?
My leg hurts now.
How's it look now?
You should be doing your homework right now.
I'd prefer that we not discuss this now.
I'd prefer that we not discuss this here.
Here, use my pen.
Have you talked to Tom personally?
Mary laughed about it when I told her.
Tom laughed about it when I told him.
The boys played in the mud.
The boys swam in the river.
"Mary?" Alice whispered.
Tom lives in a flood zone, but he doesn't have flood insurance.
I'll try to fix it later.
Digital music is becoming more and more popular.
Is that all you think about?
Is that all you ever think about?
Tom returned to his hometown to visit his parents during the summer break.
The door swung slowly on its creaking hinges.
I promised your mother I'd look after you.
I promised your father I'd look after you.
I promised Tom I'd look after you.
This idea is controversial.
I think we're going on vacation in June.
Tom promised that he'd take care of Mary.
I was up for hours last night thinking about that problem.
There's nothing we can do about that problem.
How long do you think it'll take to finish the project?
I didn't have the nerve to ask Tom that question.
I hope I get the chance to ask Tom that question.
I'm a rookie.
Tom's eyes are shut.
Oh, that's silly.
Aren't you going to go camping next summer?
There was a plate of uneaten food on the table.
Please remind me to give back this book.
Has anyone ever told you they loved you?
The message is clear.
Is the message clear?
How did you ever find out about that?
There's nothing we can do about that.
Do you actually think I'm going to do that?
It's not my job to do that.
Maybe you'd better not do that.
Nobody knows how to do that.
Tom taught me how to do that.
You have every right to do that.
You should never have done that.
Hey, I heard that.
I never said that I wanted that.
All the world is a stage, and all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and their entrances, and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.
That medicine worked.
With a slow movement of his hand, he pushed aside a lock of her hair. Then, tenderly and softly, he kissed her neck below the ear.
Change underwear daily.
Why quit now?
Why did they fire you?
Why can't we work together?
Why can't I drive?
Why can't I do it?
Who wants me dead?
Who stole my keys?
Who needs a drink?
Who cooks for you?
In their cruel fury, the jingoists several times bared their bloodthirsty fangs to him.
The number 0.is a decimal number.
The number of Turkish sentences on Tatoeba exceeded 200,000.
I don't want to get angry, arguing with that guy on a subject which I don't know thoroughly.
Guess what I was thinking.
I didn't realize you felt so strongly about this.
Do you mind if I don't do this?
This is the only way I can think to do this.
I need help doing this.
Can you afford a car like this?
Wow, look at this.
OK, let's do this.
Here, try a bite of this.
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always years older than I am.
When Mary and I were married, we used to go bowling with Tom and Alice.
The doctor said I'm going to have to take it easy for a while.
All colours will agree in the dark.
How long do you think it'll take you to finish your homework?
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
I must organize my thoughts.
The genius, wit and spirit of a nation are discovered in its proverbs.
The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship.
Stand back.
Should I call 911?
What did you really come here to talk to me about?
Tom died in a boating accident.
Would you please start acting like adults?
I'm not going to let you spend your birthday alone.
There's no way I'm letting you spend your birthday alone.
You don't know this song, so don't try to sing along.
Do you want to tag along?
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom.
Should I call 112?
Should I call the police?
Should I call for an ambulance?
Now, what were we talking about?
Now, can we try this again?
Now, please leave me alone.
Now, let's play some baseball.
Now, that's better.
Now, this won't hurt a bit.
Now, take a deep breath.
Now, I want you to listen carefully.
Now, listen to me carefully.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got a bus to catch.
Now, let's not get discouraged.
Now, what do you want me to do?
Now, what am I supposed to do?
Now, I have some work to do.
Now, get me a drink.
Now, open your eyes.
Now, where did you come from?
Now, let's get going.
Now, I really have to get going.
Now, I need your help.
Now, come over here.
Now, why are you here?
Now, you'd better go home.
Now, I finally have enough money to buy a house.
Now, this may hurt.
Now, that's an idea.
Now, why do you suppose that is?
Now, let me handle it.
Now, shut up and listen.
Now, let's have a look.
Now, please excuse me.
Now, would you excuse me?
Now, will you help me?
Now, why doesn't that surprise me?
Now, wait just a minute.
Now, wait a minute.
Now, let's go outside.
Now, who has a question?
Now, answer my question.
Now, that's ridiculous.
Now, I'm going to my room.
Now, wait just a second.
Now, hold on just a second.
Now, hang on a second.
Now, wait a second.
Now, what do you want to see?
Now, can we please change the subject?
Now, why do you have to do that?
Now, why didn't I think of that?
Now, how did that get there?
Now, I know what you're thinking.
Now, take a look at this.
Now, where did you get this?
Now, help me with this.
Now, it's your turn.
Now, that's not so unusual.
Now, exactly how much do you want?
Now, what else can I do for you?
Now, what can I do for you?
Now, how can I help you?
Now, it's my turn to help you.
Now, how can we help you?
Now, tell me something about yourself.
Now, I'm going to be honest with you.
Tom has an insatiable appetite.
The president of the largest country in the world doesn't understand English.
Doesn't that remind you of anything?
That's my gym bag.
How many books do you have in your bag?
Send me the bill.
Where's my appointment book?
That's why I came.
I want you to listen carefully.
It's a nice change.
I have no children.
It's a good choice.
How was class?
Where should I put my coat?
The toast is cold.
That's what I did.
I didn't like that any more than you did.
Why don't you go watch TV while I cook dinner?
How was dinner?
Who's going to help me wash these dishes?
I'm going to go and lie down.
Are you both drunk?
I'm going to lay you down in the green grass underneath that big old oak tree and then carve our initials into its trunk.
Had I known you'd be here, I wouldn't have come.
Tom, what do you want to be in the future?
Tom, what do you want to be when you grow up?
The right channel on my tape deck went out.
I'm afraid of dying.
Come on, it's easy.
OK, that's enough.
It's a bad example.
I want you to close your eyes.
The boys are fine.
Don't start anything you can't finish.
I bet I finish first.
This is what I've been looking for.
My hands were full.
She touched me lightly on the nape of the neck with the tips of her fingers and it made me shudder.
Coprophagia is common in dogs.
If I don't see another marshmallow for as long as I live, I'll die happy.
He's my stepbrother.
You have enough time.
That shirt used to look really nice on you, but I think it shrank in the dryer.
They'll accept the gifts.
Stop tormenting your brother.
Do you know how much of a wait there'll be for a cab?
We'll see each other again someday.
Friends are thieves of time.
I was born on January 22, 1933.
Tom will most likely buy the red car.
Now, join the game.
It sounds like fun.
I'm having lots of fun.
It's kind of late. We should get going.
The cops are gone.
Wow, that's great.
Take a break, guys.
Why didn't you tell us this was going to happen?
Sorry, I can't help.
I know someone who might be able to help.
Tom showed up unannounced the other day and now we have a houseguest.
No one's been here.
It smells in here.
It's warm in here.
It's cold out here.
Why don't you tell me why you're really here?
I'm not going home.
I'd like a hug.
No one's been hurt.
Are you going to tell Tom to leave, or should I?
I can't discuss it.
Here, let me do it.
Maybe I can fix it.
That's none of your business, is it?
That's not against the law, is it?
Maybe I'll try it.
I need you to leave now.
Do you have a spare key?
Do you have an extra key?
During the week I read the news in French.
Chicago's population is a lot bigger than that of Boston.
For example, they are not happy to help clients in the store.
Nothing is so difficult that it cannot be studied.
Tom is a sexologist.
Mary studied sexology.
Tom is concerned about climate change.
That's all I knew.
That's how I know.
That's why I left.
That's why I lied.
Well, that's life.
I like what I like.
Wow, thanks a lot.
We have another decision to make.
Look, just call me.
As soon as Tom gets here, we can start the meeting.
Come on, follow me.
Does it involve me?
The team needs me.
No one respects me.
Go ahead, shoot me.
Do they suspect me?
Are you teasing me?
That seems risky to me.
Do you have anything else to say to me?
Will you excuse me for just one minute?
I know your mother.
Have I missed much?
Tell me where you were at the time of the murder.
Can you tell me where you were at the time of the murder?
This is it. It's over!
It's a common name.
I live nearby.
That's all I need.
Let's make sure we've got everything we need.
Does your mom know where you were last night?
It's very late now.
Is there anything you want to do right now?
Are you scared now?
The lid came off.
The lights are on.
Here, put these gloves on.
Keep your shoes on.
Are your eyes open?
Here, check it out.
Maybe I passed out.
The game got rained out.
The lamp went out.
Are you upset that you weren't invited to Tom's party?
OK, I'm persuaded.
All Tom wanted was some peace and quiet.
I really think you should try to relax.
Wow, you're right.
The boys look sad.
Hanako impressed the guests no less by her exotic beauty and elegance than by her erudition and refined conversation.
Can they finish this before the deadline?
Time is precious.
Can you fill in for me at the meeting?
It has been windy for two days.
I hope you will like it.
I want to say nothing but sorry.
She paid no heed to our warnings.
Remember to shut the windows.
She folded the quilt.
We cannot change the past.
He sat in on some of the board's policy-making meetings.
What color is your dress?
I have no idea of how to send a fax.
There was not one child in the park yesterday.
Which planet is nearest to the Sun?
The flower pot has melted due to the high temperature of the furnace.
Mozart's Clarinet Concerto is not included in the CD you bought.
The doctor said that Anne's low in potassium.
We don't remember anymore where we placed our key.
An abacus is a tool used in counting.
I don't know how Brazilians say 'aardvark' in their native tongue.
Isn't it the other way around?
Have you listened to this song?
That's all I said.
That's what I saw.
I like that statue.
Do you have a bathing suit?
Tom sometimes needs a little supervision.
It's a good system.
I know you're not doing that.
Well, that's that.
I do have a theory.
Are you telling me you don't know anything about this?
You're going to want to take a picture of this.
Can we discuss this some other time?
I haven't heard from Tom in quite some time.
Try to get it right this time.
I could drive if you're tired.
Have you heard anything about Tom?
There's nothing we can do about Tom.
I need you to tell me what you know about Tom.
That's what I loved about Tom.
See if you can find out more about Tom.
I think it's time we found out more about Tom.
How do you know so much about Tom?
See what we can find out about Tom.
How did you ever find out about Tom?
What else did you find out about Tom?
There was something not quite right about Tom.
Is it true what they say about Tom?
I knew you'd be talking about Tom.
I was up for hours last night thinking about Tom.
I didn't know you felt that way about Tom.
We're all worried about Tom.
I came here to warn you about Tom.
What is it you have against Tom?
Well, why don't we just ask Tom?
There's something you need to ask Tom.
What do you want me to ask Tom?
Aren't you a little too young to be dating a guy as old as Tom?
The dogs started barking at Tom.
All of the women in the room turned and glared at Tom.
The prisoner has escaped!
Is "ing" an example of a suffix?
Which planet is closest to the sun?
I do not know how Brazilians say 'aardvark' in their mother tongue.
Could I stay and help you?
I do not understand the news.
"Father, I know what you did in Gamelon." "What?" "Stop acting like you don't know, you dumbshit!" "I, uh..." "You better talk fast or I'll beat you up!" "Screw you!"
Sing with me. It isn't difficult.
Tom and Maria have two cats.
What's the planet that's closest to the Sun?
I'm too old for such things.
That's a good excuse.
Her speech moved us.
I found that the question was easy to answer.
I used to believe everything you said.
You always meet twice.
Chris risks falling behind in the science class.
The Masai people drink a mixture of milk and cattle blood.
Do you really want to lead this kind of life?
"Two dragonflies are mating on your head." "I didn't feel them landing. Are they still on my hair?" "No, they just took flight again." "Oh, now I see them. How beautiful they are!"
The police officers aimed their guns at Tom.
Every woman in the room turned to look at Tom.
I saw the way you were looking at Tom.
Did you think I didn't notice how you were looking at Tom?
Maybe you've forgotten why I'm still mad at Tom.
I'm not really mad at Tom.
Someone threw a rock at Tom.
At first, I didn't believe Tom.
If anyone could get us what we need, it would be Tom.
Something's clearly bothering Tom.
Something's really bothering Tom.
What's really bothering Tom?
Tom's enjoyment of his first visit to Europe was enhanced by his ready grasp of languages.
Those who possess a good sense of humour are special people.
I'm glad Tom is at home.
Maybe you'd better call Tom.
Don't you think you should call Tom?
You're supposed to call Tom.
I need help carrying Tom.
There's no way I can catch Tom.
How are you going to catch Tom?
How long have you been chasing Tom?
Perhaps we should contact Tom.
Have you been able to contact Tom?
I don't think I'll be able to convince Tom.
Tom enjoyed his trip to France much more because he had spent the summer brushing up his French.
Tom enjoyed his trip to France much more than Mary because his command of French was better than hers.
I'm interested in the history of Australia.
These pears are great.
You know that your French is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your French is.
People tend to only compliment you on your language ability when it's apparent that you still don't quite sound like a native speaker.
What is not eternal is eternally outdated.
How high does a sycamore grow?
They washed their ears.
This movie is so beautiful, I'm watching it for the third time.
I don't really want to debate this.
If six saws saw six cypresses, six hundred saws will saw six hundred cypresses.
You're the only one who can defeat Tom.
I didn't want to disappoint Tom.
Don't you think you should help Tom?
You're supposed to help Tom.
How are you going to help Tom?
Can you think of anyone who doesn't like Tom?
Where did you get the idea that I don't like Tom?
I hope I get the chance to meet Tom.
Someone has to take care of Tom.
That's exactly what I said to Tom.
Please wait here while I talk to Tom.
Are you going to make it to the party tonight?
We'll have a lot more fun if Tom comes, too.
Who should I make this check out to?
That's only a toy.
Aren't you worried that you'll miss your train?
The rumor is true.
Keep your hands up.
Love is a kind of madness.
She's in love with a man who loves her.
The book is missing chapters 2, 5, and 13.
The book is missing the 2nd, 5th, and 13th chapters.
There's no way I can get this done by tomorrow.
The police will never catch us.
Tom said he'd be able to help us.
Do you think Tom is going to help us?
So, have you decided to join us?
Do you think that really matters to any of us?
You don't know what this means to us.
You are both welcome to come with us.
You are both welcome to stay with us.
You don't have to raise your voice.
I live near the sea so I often go to the beach.
There are several kinds of cloud formations.
Human tissue is made up of cells.
While preparing for a radio speech in the year 1984, the American president offhandedly joked about having signed legislation that would "outlaw" Russia. "We begin bombing in five minutes," he'd said.
While one reviewer savaged the novel as the "irritating noodlings of a teen-age sociologist", a more sympathetic reviewer thought it "funny and offhandedly brilliant".
Babe Ruth was casual to the extreme; sometimes he offhandedly struck the ball far out of the baseball park while seeming to have scarcely thought about it.
We will meet her tomorrow in front of the train station.
By looking for bargains and scrimping a little on many everyday items, Mary can afford to splurge once or twice a year on a spa treatment or going to a beauty salon.
After Tom was promoted to managing director, Mary told him to splurge on the made-to-measure Italian suit he'd always wanted but never before could afford.
Treating his French hosts to dinner at the tony Parisian restaurant was certainly a splurge for Tom, but he had not visited them for several years, and the gesture expressed his sincere gratitude for their generous hospitality.
Alaska holds an annual contest in which teams of dogs pull sledges a distance of about 1,kilometres through tundra and forests, crossing rivers, hills and mountain passes. The sledge driver is often called a "musher"; the word comes from the French command "Marche!" In most years the winning musher is from Alaska, but a Swiss citizen has won the event four times, and a Norwegian has won twice.
Sledge hockey is a variation of ice hockey intended for disabled athletes, who sit on aluminium sledges with attached skate blades. The players each use two spiked fibreglass hockey sticks both to propel themselves forward and to pass the puck or shoot it towards the goal.
Sledgehammers are used in construction demolition, in mining, in driving fence posts into the ground and in driving the spikes that secure the rails to the wooden railway ties.
Beyond his small fleet of ships anchored safely past the shallow mud flats, the captain could just make out a row of low hills in the offing, but even with binoculars he could not see beyond the horizon to the mighty offshore wind turbines which he had sailed by on his approach to the inlet.
The prime minister and his party were by now so unpopular that most commentators predicted a landslide win for the opposition party to be in the offing for the next election.
Sorry, I can't wait.
I'm going to go for a walk.
That's all I want.
What kind of gift do you want?
Did you find everything you want?
Tom went into the kitchen to get a drink of water.
I'll need to be in Boston for at least three weeks.
Tom's hair is wet.
OK, where were we?
You may do what you wish.
Since the drug company had selected only favourable or neutral research reports to submit to the government for approval, and had failed to disclose any data from those studies which had shown the experimental drug to be harmful, the company was perceived to be unethical, and many lawyers believed that lawsuits were now in the offing.
Mary added her husband's name to hers.
Who are you? What're you doing here?
How tired are you?
Does it bother you?
Did Tom contact you?
You don't have very many friends, do you?
You think you're better than me, don't you?
You don't know Tom's last name, do you?
You don't remember Tom, do you?
You should eat more spinach. It's good for you.
I have one more question for you.
Why don't you let me do that for you?
What makes you think I'm going to help you?
Would you ladies mind if we join you?
My dog likes you.
We're here to rescue you.
Did I startle you?
The cops want you.
I'm going to be honest with you.
My wife's pregnant.
If you lived in your carriage, you'd be home by now.
Love me!
I got this as a wedding gift, but I've never used it.
The Swiss were neutral in the war.
Are you going to tell Tom to go home, or do I have to?
Are you going to tell Tom the bad news, or do you want me to?
Are you going to tell Tom that he can't come with us, or are you going to make me tell him?
Your dog just bit me.
You're taking an awful risk.
You look really great.
Why don't you come on down?
Who's your friend?
Who's the guy on the left?
Who sent the flowers?
What's that in your pocket?
What's all this stuff?
What're you listening to?
We're working on that right now.
Tom said he would stop smoking.
This is also important.
That's a good-looking woman.
That's a funny looking car.
That voice sounds familiar.
So, how's it going?
Put your hands out.
My band's playing tonight.
Maybe I could go with you.
Look at all these boxes.
Let's pull an all-nighter.
Let's bake cookies.
Let me explain how this works.
It's Tom's birthday tomorrow.
It was important to me.
Is this guy bothering you?
Is this cool or what?
I've got the afternoon free.
I'm trying to work.
I'm roughly the same age as you.
I'm not your lab assistant.
I'm not unemployed.
I'm not done here.
I'm making guacamole.
I'm going to call Tom later.
I'm calling the police.
I'll visit whenever I can.
I thought you were leaving.
I think this is pretty cool.
I think I can see our house from here.
I still think it's good.
I still need a ride to work.
I really enjoyed the show.
I need a place to live.
I heard the bad news.
I have another good idea.
I have an even better idea.
I had fun while it lasted.
I got your texts.
I can't go yet.
I almost forgot to ask him what his name was.
How was the movie?
How long have you known me?
How did the photo session go?
How did the interview go?
How did the audition go?
Have you been waiting for me?
Everyone has to do this.
Don't get mad at us.
Don't get all mushy on me.
Does this medicine really work?
Do you want my job?
Do you have any real coffee?
Do you believe this?
Did you want to drive?
Did I miss the turn?
Can you do me a tiny favor?
Can we use your ball?
Can I hide in here?
Be nice to the babysitter.
Are you sure I can't help?
We have to drive the enemy out of our land.
Are you going to the party tonight?
That's exactly what I think too.
A terrible demon lives in the forest.
Elves live in the forest.
Mary was rescued by forest elves after she had become stranded in the forest.
These logs are heavy.
Tom kissed Mary on the tip of her nose.
The head of a sledgehammer can weigh anywhere from kilogram to kilograms.
I would like to meet with him one-on-one to discuss the matter.
Everybody falls in love at least once in their lives.
I feel like someone is watching me.
How could you say such a thing?
Don't take this the wrong way, but what you have related doesn't matter.
The correct use of prepositions will be the death of me.
Negotiating stairs for someone with a disability can be frightening.
Are you fucking around?
Are we fucked?
Are we screwed?
Damn, they've got a nice house! I wonder where they got the money for it...
Don't forget to reply to her letter.
Don't forget to reply to his letter.
I don't wanna be his friend.
I don't wanna be her friend.
I don't wanna be your friend.
I don't want to be his friend.
I don't want to be her friend.
The sickness worsened during the night.
A billion seconds is slightly more than years and months.
Why was it so hard to establish that the neuron is the most basic unit of nervous tissue?
First off, I'd especially like to express my gratitude to my thesis director, Dr. Juan Pisto, for his patience, effort, and dedication.
This train is comfortable.
It smells weird, doesn't it?
She cleaned the room for me.
We'll deal with the problem later.
We'll figure out how to solve the problem later.
She made a lot of noise on the piano.
To be poor is not to have little, but to need much.
Valuation is not always objective.
It was disappointing to hear about the privatization of Chilean copper.
Although I've worked on relevant projects, I've never been assigned to a project of this scale.
Yesterday we coordinated with the department head to organize an office party.
It was beautiful to see how they moved with so much coordination.
Mexicans don't like it when people write "Mejico" instead of "Mexico".
Today was a tough day.
Today was a busy day.
My writing is better than my speaking.
My grandma's hearing is better than ever before.
Taking drugs is worse than smoking.
What chord is that?
Baking a cake takes more time than frying an egg.
Walking up that steep hill is more tiring than running laps around the track or swimming laps in the pool.
Losing your passport in a foreign country is worse than losing your luggage or having your wallet stolen.
What's harder than for a single mother to work jobs and raise kids?
Boston is more beautiful than what I had imagined.
What he says in the speech is less important than how he says it.
Believing in your heart is more important than understanding with your mind.
Who is more suitable for the job than Tom?
Who is better able to run the bed-and-breakfast business than Mr. and Mrs. Jackson?
Charcoal drawing is easier than oil painting, but both are harder than I thought.
Mary is smarter than Jane who is prettier than Susan.
No one can do the job better than Tom.
"Who can best do the job?" "No one other than Tom."
Tom's drink is stronger than yours or mine.
It is better to give than to receive.
He should work for the European Commission.
Ajay is bad.
Ajay is a bad boy.
He struck a heavy blow to my face.
The parking lot was located two buildings ahead.
That is your beauty.
Apparently once you become an octogenarian you can say what you like and get away with it. I can't wait to turn eighty.
They might be corrupted, but they still work hard for the people.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
Being ashamed of not speaking a language is a misunderstanding of what a language is.
The doctor advised me to quit jogging because it was excessive exercise.
They can never achieve that any other way than by force.
Ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids.
Are you interested in anyone in your class?
Are there any cute girls in your class?
Are there any cute boys in your class?
The fear makes the wolf bigger than what it is.
I still have some homework to do.
I still have some work to do.
Have you ever failed a class?
Tell me a bedtime story.
What is critical thinking?
You'll accept the gifts.
All right, Tom, try it now.
My friend sent me a link to this video.
Our first date was kind of awkward. I was really nervous.
I'm not the jealous type.
Thank you for listening to my presentation.
Does the story have a happy ending?
Zoos are like prisons for animals.
Tom and Mary have chickens in their backyard.
The chickens were killed by a fox.
Stop bugging me.
Just stop bugging me, okay?
This building looks very futuristic.
There is a rotating restaurant at the top of this tower.
That place is always packed.
I don't want to have a baby, ever.
Turn on, tune in, drop out.
With nary a word to Tom, Mary ran away with their twins.
To the victor go the spoils.
The Russians have arrived at the gates of Brandenburg.
Peace at home, peace in the world.
He's addicted to porn.
He often watches to porn videos per night.
Jeff seems to know who she is.
I am not interested in sport.
Sport doesn't interest me.
Thank you a lot for this information.
Looks like I made a lot of mistakes.
Looks like I messed up.
Looks like she broke her promise.
Looks like he forgot to take out the trash.
Looks like Tom became sick from eating the spoiled food.
Looks like Mary will be getting married next month.
Looks like I will become a dad.
When I tried to log in yesterday, I got the error message: "Incorrect password."
For your information, I won't be coming to class next week.
For your information, you are no longer welcome here.
Live can so easily degenerate into something sordid and vulgar.
It was then I became occupied in liquidating members of the opposite sex.
I believe we have all the particulars.
I only wish I had the courage to act upon my impulses.
I don't think that incident requires any further explanation.
You were experimenting with three elements as I remember.
Can I escort you anywhere?
Do I sound that pessimistic?
I believe there's a little cork in that wine.
That is a modern form of superstition.
This will tide you over for a day or so.
My frivolity is the secret to my charm.
Success can also be seductive.
In free countries, anyone can speak their mind, and everyone else has the right not to listen.
You can improve your performance.
What a remarkable achievement!
The services at the hotel are first-rate.
The task's worth lies in the doing.
That was a respectable performance, but it definitely wasn't sensational.
The most significant achievement of the Hungarian Enlightenment was the language reform.
Character is not formed through elegant speech, but rather through work and personal achievement.
The suction-capacity of a vacuum cleaner depends directly on its electric capacity multiplied by efficiency.
What did your mom say?
I'm good friends with Tom.
I'm expected.
I'm a lawyer.
I doubt that.
I hate dieting.
They'll help us.
I hate funerals.
That's mine, too.
What's your problem?
What's it used for?
This can't be real.
That's a good sign.
That's a cool idea.
Take a sip of this.
Stop looking at me.
Oh, we're too late.
Oh, that's too bad.
Oh, that's so cool.
Oh, that's a shame.
Your locker is open.
Does that scare you?
Did you design this?
Did I wake you guys?
Did I mess up again?
Did I embarrass you?
Are you stalking me?
Are you leaving now?
Are you avoiding me?
I think I'll do that.
Who wrote this report?
Is that coffee I smell?
Where have you two been?
Were you at Tom's party?
That reminds me of home.
I could fix that easily.
I could easily fix that.
That's not exactly right.
Do you like rock and roll?
What did you end up doing?
Where did you put the keys?
That's exactly what I said.
I need to use the bathroom.
I hear you won the lottery.
Did you hear Tom is leaving?
Could I get a copy of these?
Are you calling me a coward?
Where did you learn to drive?
When did this package arrive?
We've been working all night.
Let me give you a little tip.
I've been trying to find you.
I'm on my way home from work.
I'm not going to get married.
I thought that Tom was happy.
I really like your paintings.
What have you guys been up to?
That's no way to treat a lady.
Let me know when you're ready.
I thought you already had one.
I thought that Tom was single.
Do you want me to do anything?
Do you need me to pick you up?
Are you guys talking about me?
What have you guys been up too?
I thought you went to the game.
I thought that Tom was married.
Can you come here for a second?
You've made your position clear.
Why don't you just let Tom talk?
What are you all dressed up for?
Look what Tom wrote on the wall.
I'm almost done with the report.
I was just looking for you guys.
I thought that Tom was Canadian.
I figured out what we should do.
Are you sure you're ready to go?
Some of that stuff might be mine.
Shouldn't you be getting dressed?
Maybe Tom knows what I did wrong.
Let me know if you hear anything.
It's so nice to finally meet you.
I'm not leaving until I get paid.
I'm almost done with my homework.
I thought you might've left town.
I figured out what we need to do.
Do you have the key to this door?
What do you want to do for dinner?
I really like the songs you write.
I didn't know you were still here.
Don't talk to my sister like that.
You don't have to explain it to me.
Why don't you come over for supper?
Some of those things could be mine.
Just let me know when you're ready.
I'm sorry about what I said before.
I thought you already had a ticket.
Do you mind if I use your computer?
I didn't know you were back in town.
Do you think you could do it for me?
What am I supposed to be looking for?
Can you give me a hand with this box?
Some of my best friends are policemen.
It's a lot harder to do than it looks.
I thought that Tom could speak French.
We've been wondering where you've been.
Call me the next time you have a party.
There's a party tomorrow night at Tom's.
Could I get a little piece of that cake?
You guys aren't from around here, are you?
I thought you would end up married to Tom.
Do you have a tape measure I could borrow?
Did you sleep on the couch again last night?
I never even got a chance to ask Tom to help.
Why don't you get yourself something to drink?
I thought that Tom was still living in Boston.
Please invite me the next time you have a party.
You've really fixed this place up. It looks good.
Have you guys seen my glasses? I can't find them.
I guess you're still pretty mad at me, aren't you?
Why do I always have to do all the work around here?
I was going to make some coffee. Do you want a cup?
You're going to have to take care of this by yourself.
I never even got a chance to ask Tom if he would help.
Don't forget to stop by the supermarket on your way home.
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything.
If you don't have anything nice to say, keep your mouth shut.
The longer we wait before trying to correct the problem, the worse it's going to get.
They expressed their willingness to help.
Competitiveness is neither good nor bad in itself.
I hope you were able to sleep better than I did.
I hope you were able to get more sleep than I did.
I hope you had better luck than I did.
I hope you got a higher score on the test than I did.
I hope you enjoyed the party more than I did.
I hope you caught more fish than I did.
An Encyclopedia is a repository of knowledge and wisdom.
Determination is a key to success.
Charity is an important mitzvah.
What should I do if Tom comes?
The cake is still in the oven.
Maybe Tom could be persuaded to help.
I thought we were going to your place.
Did you know the phone's off the hook?
Why don't you sing a song for everybody?
I bought more of those muffins you like.
How many times are you going to do that?
Tom made me swear that I wouldn't tell anyone.
Tom jumped out of a second-story window without getting hurt.
Would it be OK if I stayed home today?
Would it be OK if I used your computer?
Would it be OK if I played your guitar?
Would it be OK if I ate one of these cookies?
Would it be OK if I didn't go to school today?
Would it be OK if I gave Tom this old suitcase?
I wasn't the one who got lost.
I wasn't the one who did that.
I wasn't the one who found Tom's keys.
I wasn't the one who broke the window.
What kind of car do you think that is?
What kind of car would you like to buy?
Thanks for doing the dishes.
Thanks for taking care of my children.
Thanks for taking care of all of this.
I don't need you to pick me up.
I don't need you to do anything special for me on my birthday.
If you've got something to say, just say it.
If there's ever anything I can do for you, just let me know.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you.
I'm sorry I didn't return your call right away.
I don't need you to come and get me.
Tom waited for Mary for three hours.
I went to school by bus yesterday.
The engine was running.
Whom do yo suggest I should ask?
I know who you are and whom you represent.
Tom was a whole lot nicer than I had expected.
Whoever could that be at this time of night?
Whoever you vote for, prices will go on rising.
You didn't tell me there was a meeting this morning.
Will you do me a favor and feed the dog?
Why didn't you tell me there was a meeting today?
Why aren't you wearing those earrings I gave you?
What are you planning on cooking for dinner tomorrow?
What are you guys talking about?
What are you guys doing up so early?
Tom has been singing that same song all day.
Let's see if we can figure out what happened.
Let's go outside for some fresh air.
I'm going to go out and take a walk.
I wasn't the only one who stayed up all night.
I wasn't the only one who looked stupid.
I wasn't the only one who didn't eat breakfast.
I invited Tom to eat dinner with us tomorrow.
I have to go home and get ready for Tom's birthday party.
I don't think that you should leave Tom alone.
I don't think I've seen you here before.
I didn't know you could play the trombone.
How would you like to get together this weekend?
How long do you think Tom can hold his breath?
Don't you think you should get some rest?
Did you know that your oven doesn't work?
Did you know that your air conditioner is broken?
If death occurs at home, whoever discovers the body should contact the family doctor.
Tom, who was always early, was there already.
Preheat oven to 200ºC (400ºF). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Rub potatoes with vegetable oil and place on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until a paring knife easily inserts into the center of a potato, about hour. Set aside to cool for about minutes.
Cut 1/off each potato lengthwise. Scoop flesh from each potato to within about 1/inch of the skins. Transfer flesh to a bowl.
Combine potato flesh with butter and green onion; stir until butter is melted evenly into potato. Add salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and cheese; stir until cheese is melted. Pour cream and egg yolk into potato mixture; mix to combine. Season with salt to taste.
Place small piece of potato skin inside the bottom of each larger potato shell. Fill each potato with an equal amount of cheese mixture. Gently press the surface of the filling with a fork to create texture. Brush tops with melted butter and sprinkle with paprika.
Bake stuffed potatoes until golden brown on top, to minutes.
If you can't do it, we'll find someone who can.
She didn't know who I was.
Tom didn't know who I was.
Whisk sugar and cornstarch in a bowl. Set aside.
Beat egg whites in a bowl until they are foamy and have a thick, ribbony texture, to minutes.
Pour 1/of the sugar mixture into the egg whites; whisk until completely incorporated, about seconds. Repeat for the rest of the sugar mixture, whisking after each addition, until all of the sugar mixture is incorporated and the egg whites are glossy and thick.
Spoon egg white mixture onto prepared baking sheet; spread out into a 2-inch high by 6-inch wide disc.
Bake in the preheated oven for hour.
Turn off the oven, crack open the oven door and let the Pavlova cool for one hour.
Whip cream, sugar, and vanilla extract in a bowl until soft peaks form, to minutes.
Such inconveniences can always happen.
With that act you could join the circus!
He went to Berlin last year.
He played.
I found his pretentious demeanor quite disconcerting.
Tom can drive the car competently.
You must try to understand me.
We may refuse to accept the proposal.
You must appropriately review the outcome of your bargain.
We speak Turkish.
The motors worked.
He spent a little time on his lessons.
I won't participate in speculation.
The crisis could start a revolution in economic ideology.
Tom tried to hit Mary in the head with a chair!
I've attempted suicide twice.
Turkey produces a lot of minerals.
A refrigerator keeps food fresh for a long time.
She sometimes helps her mother.
Mary and I meet again next week.
He gets his diploma tomorrow.
Nobody brought eating utensils to the party.
Without my well being, I can't have a good job.
Today we face a lot of serious problems.
You're never going to believe what happened today.
Why don't you come over to my house after school?
Why didn't you tell me you had a friend in the FBI?
What are you planning on doing for the rest of the day?
We've got a couple of hours to kill before we meet Tom.
Tom told me he asked Mary to the homecoming dance.
Tom is coming to stay with us for a week.
I'm sure Tom is going to be all right.
I was in Boston for the entire summer.
I tried to talk Tom into going with us.
I had a great time last night.
I came here because Tom said you wanted to see me.
Did you have any idea that something was wrong?
Can I go to Boston with you guys this weekend?
Are you going to come to Tom's party this weekend?
I am a Turk and I love my country.
Make sure you talk to Tom before you leave.
Make sure you finish this by the end of the day.
I thought we were supposed to be talking about what needs to be done.
Can you tell me anything about what's going to happen here today?
Can you tell me anything about what happened to Tom?
Tom's mother forced him to go outside even though he didn't want to.
Having a full time job and raising two kids at the same time is hard.
What wonderful prospect is waiting for you on the other side of the door? None!
I'm so confused right now.
Hey, don't be so hard on yourself.
Hey, watch yourself.
Hey, where are you?
Hey, I was going to call you.
Hey, I can't help you.
Hey, I want to help you.
Hey, let me help you.
Hey, it's good to see you.
Hey, I need to talk to you.
Hey, I'm talking to you.
Hey, where were you?
Hey, what's wrong with you?
Hey, we aren't done yet.
Hey, what's wrong?
Hey, it could be worse.
Hey, shouldn't you be at work?
Hey, where are we?
Hey, it's still warm.
Hey, I know what I want.
Hey, everybody, listen up.
Hey, what're you listening to?
Hey, look at the time.
Hey, here's a thought.
Hey, Tom, look at this.
Hey, you're not going to believe this.
Hey, leave me out of this.
Hey, listen to this.
Hey, get away from there.
Hey, let's go in there.
Hey, you can't go in there.
Hey, what's going on out there?
Hey, look over there.
Hey, what's that over there?
Hey, can I have that?
Hey, did you hear that?
Hey, I already thought of that.
Hey, where do you think you're taking that?
Hey, I wasn't finished with that.
Hey, we'd better get started.
Hey, I said I was sorry.
Hey, look at the snow.
Hey, what's that smell?
Hey, I'm on your side.
Hey, long time no see.
Hey, hold on a second.
Hey, wait a second.
Hey, could I talk to you for a sec?
Hey, where's your ring?
Hey, is everything all right?
Hey, can you please be a bit quieter?
Hey, I thought you'd be pleased.
Hey, do you guys want to order a pizza?
Hey, who wants pizza?
Hey, check this out.
Hey, you only live once.
Hey, what's going on?
Hey, can you turn the lights off?
Hey, you can't leave now.
Hey, what's that noise?
Hey, what's all the noise?
Hey, what're you doing tomorrow night?
Hey, that's really neat.
Hey, watch your mouth.
Hey, wait a minute.
Hey, don't blame me. I'm just the messenger.
Hey, your dog just bit me.
Hey, did you hear me?
Hey, get your hands off me.
Hey, don't turn your back on me.
Hey, where are you taking me?
Hey, what's the matter?
Hey, what took you so long?
Hey, that's my line.
Hey, I thought you were leaving.
Hey, what do I know?
Hey, I'm only kidding.
Hey, I'm just doing my job.
Hey, that's my job.
Hey, I can handle it.
Hey, let's get on with it.
Hey, here's an idea.
Hey, I have an idea.
Hey, that doesn't sound like a bad idea.
Hey, that's not a bad idea.
Hey, I have an even better idea.
Hey, I've got a better idea.
Hey, that's a good idea.
Hey, I have a great idea.
Hey, that's a great idea.
Hey, what a great idea!
Hey, come back here.
Hey, I just got here.
Hey, don't turn off the lights. I'm working in here.
Hey, what's going on in here?
Hey, you know you're not allowed in here.
Hey, let's get out of here.
Hey, what's going on here?
Hey, I'm right here.
Hey, I can help.
Hey, can I help?
Hey, do you want some help?
Hey, thanks for the help.
Hey, I'm only trying to help.
Hey, I need your help.
Hey, you look great.
Hey, that was really great.
Hey, look what I've got.
Hey, that smells good.
Hey, you don't look so good.
Hey, how's it going?
Hey, wait a minute. Where do you think you're going?
Hey, where do you think you're going?
Hey, what's so funny?
Hey, look what I found.
Hey, what are friends for?
Hey, that's what I'm here for.
Hey, I know how you feel.
Hey, could you do me a favor?
Hey, I need a favor.
Hey, would you do me a favor?
Hey, thanks for everything.
Hey, where is everybody?
Hey, listen up, everybody.
Hey, open the door.
Hey, look what I'm doing.
Hey, what do you think you're doing?
Hey, I'm not a doctor.
Hey, look what I'm going to do.
Hey, I don't like this any better than you do.
Hey, this is delicious.
Hey, what's the deal?
Hey, why are you crying?
Hey, that's kind of cool.
Hey, that's really cool.
Hey, will you grab me a cookie?
Hey, quit complaining.
Hey, there's somebody coming out of the cave.
Hey, let's go camping.
Hey, it's none of my business.
Hey, why don't you take a break?
Hey, get off my bike.
Hey, I got you a beer.
Hey, that's not bad.
Hey, it's not so bad.
Hey, I'll be right back.
Hey, put that back.
Hey, what're you hiding behind your back?
Hey, what's behind your back?
Hey, could you come up here right away?
Hey, what are you laughing at?
Hey, what are you guys looking at?
Hey, what are you looking at?
Hey, I'm the one who should be apologizing.
Hey, what are you talking about?
Hey, what are you guys talking about?
I ran into him yesterday at the airport.
I wanted to watch a horror movie, but my girlfriend is scared and rented comedy instead.
You need an elevator if you want to go down twenty storeys.
Sometimes you just want to spend the whole day doing nothing.
Twice and thrice had I loved thee before I knew thy face or name.
The mouse sure knows where the cheese is located.
The best yarn is that spun by hand.
The client chose my competitor's inferior and more expensive proposal out of loyalty. Good luck getting competitive bidding on your next big project!
The Grassland theme in Heroes of Might and Magic II is my favourite terrain theme in all of HoMM.
Incidentally, I’m curious to know what that sign’s made out of. The “sign” part of the side is clearly quite thick, and the wood it’s attached to appears to be some manner of uneven plank.
His fist thundered on the table.
The guns thundered away all night.
"Um, teach?" "Yes, Tom?" "I think I broke the flask."
He was thundering at the door.
The rain has stopped.
If you want pudding, you must eat your meat.
Spiders wait for insects to become entangled in their nets. That's how they get their food.
Many young people with piercings stay together their whole lives, especially if one gets their nose ring stuck in the other's braces.
We suffered a devastating loss.
That's my jam!
Leaving behind is the best thing she does.
I sense a disturbance in the Force.
Will you be going to the party tonight? If not, let's go watch a movie.
He must pull out his own eyes, and see no creature, before he can say, he sees no God. He must be no man, and quench his reasonable soul, before he can say to himself, there is no God.
The meaning of life is the pure tears of unrequited love.
She was surrendering to despair slowly.
She has an indefinite contract.
Rooms are black.
He worked in Belgium.
I like to play in the garden.
That is my favorite song!
You give me blood, I will give you freedom.
My bicycle needs to be repaired.
He's not the right man for this job.
A right friend you are!
I am planning on a 3-month long trip to Turkey.
I signed up for the 2-year calling plan with the phone company.
The refugees endured the 18-hour walk across the desert.
The project will require man-hours to complete.
Turn right on the next street.
There is a 21-day quarantine for people suspected of having contracted the Ebola virus.
She's crazy about tennis.
Are we going right?
My father has a heart of gold.
I think it would be cute if Tom and Mary became a couple.
What's wrong with the way I'm dressed?
We sat in lawn chairs and stared at the mountain.
There are still many cultural differences between East and West Germany.
You have a crush on him, don't you?
What is Tom's real purpose?
Would you be interested in having dinner with me?
My parents are very old fashioned.
I quickly emailed him back.
How can I unsend an email?
Tom sent an email to his boss instead of his girlfriend.
You couldn't possibly understand.
Half of the bottles of wine in the case that Tom bought were corked.
I haven't seen her since I was a child.
Cells are the building blocks of life.
Cells can replicate independently.
Humiliation is the beginning of sanctification.
This is a newspaper.
No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent.
I am a little world made cunningly of elements, and an angelic sprite.
When did you last look someone in the eyes?
When did you last wipe someone's tears away?
The first photo of Earth from space was taken in 1946.
Sea turtles are magnificent creatures.
Leatherback turtles can weigh hundreds of kilos.
A backronym is an acronym that's specially constructed to fit an existing word.
Olivia and Emma are friends.
Madison and Jayden are best friends.
Maya and Chloe are friends.
Thus spoke the Lord: "Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth". That's a holy commandment that I cannot reject, since God works in mysterious ways. That's why I must try to procreate kids with any woman as often as possible. I wouldn't dare to disobey the Lord's will.
Tom is one of the greatest American songwriters.
Do you mean "cereal" or "serial"?
They passed notes in class.
Do you remember what you did last Friday?
Tom had to keep his relationship with Mary a secret.
My sister told her to leave me alone.
I didn't want to cry in front of him.
I didn't want to cry in front of Tom.
I didn't want to cry in front of her.
Tom is a liar and manipulator.
New York is a multi-racial city.
Tom bought Mary a birthday present.
The fountain is lit with multi-colored lights.
The multi-talented kid speaks languages and plays musical instruments.
The assistant referee held up his flag to show the referee that the ball was still in play.
Philip hates traveling for away games. He always gets really tired and never plays well.
Since yesterday the elevator doesn't work.
When the goalkeeper touched the ball, the referee awarded the other team a corner kick.
The players sat in the locker room while they listened to their coach speak.
England always does well in the World Cup matches because of their strong defenders.
The game ended in a draw, and the final score was 2-2.
In the last minute, Marcello score an equalizing goal.
They were lucky the game went into extra time because they ended up winning.
Michael needs to get fit over the summer.
He fouled because he pushed over the other player.
The city's multi-story buildings built in the 1940's are in danger of collapse.
The referee blew his whistle twice to tell everyone it was full-time.
The goalkeeper for France dived to the ground and saved Ronaldo’s shot.
The players ran off the pitch and had a meeting during half-time.
The referee blew the whistle and called a hand ball on him.
Ronaldo’s teammate passed the ball high to him. He jumped up and headed it into the goal.
Most teams perform better when they have a home game.
Do you have any idea what time is kickoff?
Why were you talking to him?
Tom is a very popular boy.
Tom is such a selfish jerk.
Her boyfriend was really angry at her.
Who do you think is going to win the match?
His girlfriend was really angry at him.
Mesut Ozil is one of the best midfielders in the world.
Messi had been very close to scoring a goal, the referee blew his whistle to say that he was offside.
Frank Lampard passed the ball to Beckham. Beckham kicked the ball and scored!
Bale fouled and the team got a penalty kick.
The fans went silent as they nervously watched the penalty shootout between the two teams.
Because it had been raining for a couple of days, the pitch was muddy and difficult to play on.
"What's wrong, Mary?" "I don't know."
He was handed a red card for starting a fight with the other team and as a result, their team lost.
Ronaldo shot the ball right into the back of the net to score the winning goal.
There weren't many spectators at the game because of the rain.
Most of this building's tenants are artists.
He was killed at the Battle of the Little Bighorn.
There was a lot of excitement in the stands as the fans cheered for their teams.
Lionel Messi is one of the best strikers in the world. He has scored the most goals ever for Barcelona.
When Sir Alex Ferguson saw that his players were getting tired, he always substituted them.
When Mike tried to tackle the other player, he pushed him and he was given a yellow card and a warning.
Jake quickly threw the ball in to his teammate.
The manager and coach stood on the touchline shouting out instructions to their team.
The players made a wall as Lionel Messi went to shoot.
Bale needs to be more careful when playing because he’s already been given one yellow card.
England’s goalkeeper was criticized for the amount of goals he conceded.
It was evident that everyone was upset when Atletico Madrid suffered defeat.
Because all of the teams in the Premier League are really strong, the goal difference is usually small.
In the last World Cup, New Zealand was knocked out of the competition by Mexico.
At the end of the first half Real Madrid were in the lead, but Chelsea won in the end.
I think the final score between Barcelona and Real Madrid will be 2-0.
I think that Brazil has the strongest football team in the world and they have a good chance of winning the World Cup.
The referee, according to principle of advantage, raised his hand and motioned for the advance to continue.
Jack’s coach decided to keep him on the bench for being late to training.
Ronaldo is famous for his bicycle kick. When he does it, the fans go crazy.
Jonathan was booked because he got into a fight with a player on the other team.
Torres booted the ball to his teammate.
The opposition formed a line in the box to try and block Messi from scoring.
The coin toss decides who will kick off the match.
When the ball was dead, Luis ran up to the ball and booted it.
All the top teams of the UK are in the premier division.
He asked her and she said yes.
She asked him and he said yes.
The players sat and listened to their coach give them a pep talk in the changing rooms.
I tried to act natural.
The manager shouted out to his players to mark the opposition.
John Motson is one of the most famous British commentators.
The Spain is great at keeping possession.
Sheffield Wednesday is playing their usual long-ball game.
As usual the Spanish team are showing off their skills at one-touch football.
Ronaldo is a prolific goal scorer and it’s almost guaranteed that he will score a goal in every match.
Atletico Madrid surprised everyone with their win against Barcelona as they’ve always been the underdogs in the Spanish league.
Look at those guys play! They’re really getting stuck in!
Wow, she’s got a lot of pace, I’m impressed!
Jose screamed “man on” when he saw a player from the opposition behind Marcello.
Peter’s one of the best goalkeepers ever. He’s always able to pull of great saves.
A flock of birds is flying.
I could feel the sand between my toes.
He's a very sweet guy.
I think that he's hiding something.
I think that she's hiding something.
"What's wrong with you, Maria?" "I don't know."
Tom is a law-abiding citizen.
It is very important to respect the regular of the circulation.
They are still children.
He is not a child.
Her family did not approve of her boyfriend.
There's a body in the trunk of the car.
Did you kill Mary?
"Did you kill Mary?" "No, I did not."
Tom's story keeps changing.
Mary is tall and strong.
Thus fought the Okinawan people.
Sometimes, I think Tom isn't listening to me.
I know how to samba!
As peace is of all goodness, so war is an emblem, a hieroglyphic, of all misery.
Death comes equally to us all, and makes us all equal when it comes.
Everyone's in the buff, in there.
I can speak Ottoman.
I'm speaking Ottoman.
This place is below the sea level.
The number of students in this class is below the average number.
Kathleen is an actress.
I'm getting annoyed by your behavior.
Unfortunately, the system is corrupted.
The summer is over, isn't it?
I can do this, can't I?
I don't think Tom can speak any French.
You look skinny.
Being skinny is unhealthy.
Never call anyone fat.
Lauren looks as if she's got a headache.
Never call someone a terrorist.
Did you call me fat?
Nobody cares about what you said.
You're always playing computer games.
I want you to do your homework within an hour.
You should study hard in order to enter university.
I'm ill, aren't I?
You must take off your shoes here.
I didn't like the interface of that operating system.
Hierarchy is against equality.
Kathleen is studying linear algebra.
You're a renegade.
Don't talk about my girlfriend like that.
Molly and I went to the cinema.
Amy needs rest.
Aimee is dressing in her bedroom.
Aimee and I live in the same house.
Aimee's in the bathroom now.
Aimee will return home at three o'clock.
The meeting was postponed due to the bad weather.
This phrase is grammatically and syntactically correct, but it doesn't sound very English.
Aimee is listening to music now.
You have only three options to select.
Why should we elect him mayor?
The scent of earth after rain is called petrichor.
As long as we're together, all the sorrow is nothing but an occasion to become closer.
Fight or flight.
This is a mobile phone.
This is a television.
I can pay upfront.
And what about the grandfather, aren't you going to bury him?
And the grandfather, won't you bury him?
He decided to take the day off.
The parolee started to live in his hometown.
Why did you break into my place?
That is a school.
We've got to keep on struggling.
Can't you keep your voice down?
I still can't believe that you forged her signature.
Unfortunate things are likely to happen if you insist on acting this way.
The penis is what commits adultery.
Violence at school is blamed on immigrants.
Economic growth must not be pursued at the expense of environmental pollution.
The women put a garland round her neck.
I put her suitcase on the table.
He reiterated this advice several more times during the meeting.
What was the punters' reaction to it?
Leatherback turtles can weigh more than a thousand pounds.
The scientists used an IBM mainframe computer to make their calculations.
Adultery was a ground for divorce.
Japan is becoming the most advanced country technologically.
Additional troops were needed.
There was no point in additionally burdening her with this painful news.
These houses have been improved by the addition of bathrooms.
At any rate, I promise to be there even if I'm a little late.
Would you like to hear the parrot talk?
Einstein is a very smart parrot.
The legal costs set him back something in the order of £9,000.
This slight improvement has to be set against an enormous increase in crime.
Most analysts expected that Tom's offer would set off a new round of bidding for Mary.
They set out for Turkey on a two-day trip.
She felt she had been tricked into marriage.
He realized that the visitors had tricked him.
At first, I thought he was joking.
At first, I thought she was joking.
At first, I thought Tom was joking.
The fact that I survived is a tribute to the indestructibility of the human body.
On Tom's death in 1998, Mary paid tribute to his personal qualities.
I punched two triangular holes in the tin.
The best solution can only be found by a process of trial and error.
Tom was afraid that people would judge him.
Mary was afraid that people would judge her.
She is still in the painful process of growing up.
Your brother's awfully grown-up for his age.
He noticed that this drug seemed to inhibit bacterial growth.
This is the cultural inheritance of independence.
She's prepared to argue without inhibition.
Their faces looked inhuman, covered with scarlet and black paint.
In 1956, he had gone to Boston on his own initiative.
She injected a sleeping drug into my arm.
Animals were injected with the various doses.
She was trying to inject some fun into the grim proceedings.
He was weakened by illness and injury.
Tom received an injury to his head.
Tom never listens to what the teacher says.
Tom injured his left hand in an accident.
Mary was not badly injured.
I feared they might injure themselves.
Tom was expelled from preschool.
Tom was suspended for throwing a chair at another student.
Tom was suspended for flipping his desk.
What did you eat when you were in Australia?
Tom got in trouble a lot at school when he was young.
He was going to go to London, but in the end he wasn't able to.
What with the visitors and all the extra housework, I've had a very busy week.
In winter it gets dark early.
And I've also got to pay the grocer, the greengrocer, the bakery, the dairy and what have you.
What about going out for a drink this evening?
"Let him be jealous if he pleases!" "So what?"
I know what, we'll visit Tom, Paul and Mary this weekend!
It's three hundred miles to London, give or take ten.
It's too bad that you won't be able to take a holiday this year!
"They've arrived!" "And none too soon!"
This summer's day will be over all too soon!
I'd be only too pleased to help you!
If you can't come before lunch, how about o'clock in the afternoon?
How about inviting Tom and Mary over for dinner this evening?
Think of number one and do what is best for yourself!
I don't think many people will be able to come that night. I, for one, have to be in London.
Since his wife died, Tom has been mother and father in one to the children.
The butter spreads easily.
The bread is cutting badly because it's very soft.
The book didn't sell, so it wasn't reprinted.
This book sells very well, ie it is sold to many people.
She is an expert at it.
Parking is something we're very bad at.
They seemed to be very good at reading.
Tom sipped at his drink.
He seemed to read at random.
The two nations are at war.
She went at the invitation of an unknown man.
He remains at liberty.
I missed a lot of work through illness, so I've a lot of catching up to do.
You can run on ahead and I'll catch you up later.
I often brake before I change down.
I've a lot of sleep to catch up on this week.
Tom's a bright boy. He catches on very quickly.
The singer has a good opera voice, but I don't think he'll catch on with young people.
He knows all the answers.
Many experiments have been carried out in this field.
The commander called reinforcements up.
He is still on the loose.
He is still at large.
Aimee is very tired at the moment.
I learn Kannada.
I can speak Osmani.
I am speaking Osmani.
I haven't read a book in quite a while. It's enough to make me ashamed of myself.
Would you stop treating me like a child just because I suck at English?
How old is your child?
If you're tired, go to bed already.
These days everything I do is bad for my health.
I should have drunk something that stops hangovers.
I should have read the instructions.
I like writing novels more than reading them.
Are you going to the party today?
It's nice you found a girlfriend.
I wish I had a boyfriend like Tom.
I wish I had noticed earlier.
I'm glad my cold is better.
I'm glad your cold is better.
I should have come here by bicycle.
I wish I had ridden my bicycle here.
Tom lost both his parents when he was still very young.
Tom's parents both died while he was still a small child.
Aren't those the same clothes he was wearing yesterday?
Well, just what is it you're trying to say?
Have you ever had sex in a public park?
Have you ever seen this logo before?
Have you ever played hooky?
Have you ever skipped school?
Have you ever lied to your boyfriend?
Have you ever told your boyfriend a lie?
I wonder why the sky is so pretty after a typhoon.
Can I ask you something strange?
How many kilograms do you weigh?
How many centimeters tall are you?
Could I ask you to wait until tomorrow morning?
Could you do me a favor and wait until tomorrow morning?
Can I touch your chest?
Can I touch your breasts?
I thought college would be a more interesting place.
There are at least five women standing outside, all claiming to be his wife.
My laser printer can only do black and white prints.
My laser printer can only handle black and white.
Is this river shallow?
When does fishing season start?
What kind of things do you usually eat?
What are you thinking about now?
What are you doing so early in the morning?
What is everyone clapping about?
Why is everyone applauding?
You shouldn't judge a person by their looks.
Did you see yesterday's match against Australia?
Either your user name or password is incorrect.
What is this sound?
What is making this sound?
You're going to catch a cold sleeping in a place like this.
I always thought Japan was the only country where people remove their shoes inside the house.
Let me stay with him just five more minutes.
Let me spend just five more minutes together with her.
Let me be with you just five more minutes.
I told you that was just a joke.
I told you I was just joking.
Hey, Tom, are you really dating Mary?
Tom, is it true you're dating Mary?
Does Australia have four seasons?
You shouldn't take the things Tom says seriously.
I tried to kill myself twice.
I have attempted suicide two times.
I'm not going if Tom is.
I'm not going unless Tom goes.
My mission is of critical importance.
He's an old codger.
Do you know anyone in Australia?
What kind of music did you listen to when you were a teenager?
What's your first memory of falling in love?
Do you like the way you look?
You should respect the rules your parents set for you.
Do you love my brother more than me?
OK, but why should he do that?
I think that my suitcase was stolen.
"Father!" "Hey, Zelda!" "Hey, King!" "Hey, Link!" "Your Majesty, I missed your beautiful moustache." "Hey, purple turban guy." "...Do you even remember who I am?" "Yes! ...Oh hell, I forgot." "How could you forget my face? It looks so funny! See?" "I was in California for a month and I was too distracted by all the orgies and weed and delicious dinner to think about you." "Of course you forget me... As it is written: screw you, I'm out of here!" "Oh, he was a bore anyway."
"Zelda, today I want salami, falafel, pizza, bacon, curry, porridge, vegetables, olives, potatoes, chips, corn, Tic Tacs, muffins, bananas, fish, turkey, chicken, cake, and wheat thins for dinner. So what's for dinner?" "He he, nothing, Father!" "Shut the hell up, you piece of crap, do you mean I'm not eating dinner?!" "Yeah, we got a new king. It's Ganon!" "You are my prisoner!" "Oh crap."
I've been learning French for two years.
Very large windows assure abundant natural daylight.
A large bathroom with natural daylight belongs to this apartment.
Tom tried to stop smoking without success.
Tom and Mary are already planning to spend Christmas with their relatives in the city.
Tom said Mary would be thirteen next month.
Tom said he would be thirteen next month.
Tom was wearing an old t-shirt with holes in it.
I don't know anything about marketing.
Tom gave Mary a $in a brown paper bag.
Chiqui is a good parrot.
Chiqui is a parrot that speaks Esperanto.
Mary was wearing a vintage skirt and a wool hat.
Tom took Mary to an Italian restaurant.
Tom was fired after being caught playing Tetris at work.
I don't think that anybody really understands me.
Tom was wearing a vintage T-shirt.
I shook my head and said no.
I want a parrot.
This parrot has green feathers.
The parrot and the pirate are best friends.
Don't try to bullshit me.
Why is life so difficult?
Why is love so difficult?
It happened to me about a year ago.
Mary wore knee-high boots.
I'm not a fan of Ugg boots.
I cried myself to sleep every night.
Do you know where Boston is?
Do you know when Tom's birthday is?
Do you know why cactus have needles?
Autistic children never get bored.
Autistic children don't know what boredom is.
I was a regular in the channel a year or two ago, but have been away from Lojban for a while now.
I'm having a hard time figuring out how to express the following.
There are three letters in the word ubi.
I think we can come up with better ideas than this one.
I think we can come up with better plan than this.
We should be able to come up with a better plan than this.
Can you think of any better idea?
Can you think of any better way to do this?
Perhaps Tom can suggest a solution.
I have blue blood in my veins.
The more they explain it, the less impressive it is.
This country is rich in mineral resources.
The guy on whom I have a crush doesn't know I like him.
That's what you call sweet revenge!
Robert does not know how to spell 'crème brûlée'.
I was going to try and get the archive, but I forgot.
Karima asked Marie where the dog was.
The number of people who visit aestethic clinics have been on the rise these last years.
Do I have to know him?
Welcome to our first German class.
You don't get owt for nowt.
"Fourscore and seven years ago, our forefathers owned a bunch of scrubs." "Harkinian, that's not right and you know it." "Quiet! I'm enjoying my tale, so let me tell my story."
"Oops! Sorry the castle exploded. I was using my magic fireworks." "Be more careful next time, Link."
Why do you know so much about Australia?
You have to do this whether you like it or not.
We've known each other since we were kids.
We've known each other since we were children.
Dinner will be ready in thirty minutes.
Tom stayed with me until the ambulance arrived.
What's your favorite class this semester?
What's your favorite class this year?
Nations have their ego, just like individuals.
Christopher Columbus, as everyone knows, is honored by posterity because he was the last to discover America.
He found in the world without as actual what was in his world within as possible.
Love loves to love love.
The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts.
What has it been like to watch China change so drastically in the last 10-years?
I will be right over.
Can I do this later?
Would it be OK if I did this later?
Do I have to do this now?
Does this have to be done now?
Would you mind if we put this off until tomorrow?
I couldn't help yawning.
I enjoyed working with Tom.
I enjoyed working with Tom on that project.
I enjoyed working with Tom last week in Boston.
I'd like to dedicate this next song to the bride and groom.
I am also happy.
Tom taught me how to do it.
Tom taught me how to tie a square knot.
Tom was the one who taught me how to do that.
We are losing languages at a rate of one every fortnight.
How did you know I was going to say yes?
Nobody knows what's going to happen.
This is Tom's cat.
This cat is Tom's.
We all jumped into the water at the same time.
I wish I had married your sister instead of you.
I should've married your sister instead of you.
It's simple as cake.
It is simple as fuck.
I cannot take the same route twice, because I am a woman.
I've noticed that everyone who is for abortion has already been born.
The problem at this point is that there is a problem.
See a pin and pick it up, all day long you'll have a pin.
I know him better than anyone else does.
Good catch.
To grow old means to be rid of anxieties about the past.
Youth is always right. Those who follow the counsels of youth are wise.
Minus and minus is plus.
Two wrongs do make a right.
The beautiful widow stood by the coffin, her eyes veiled with tears.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Her bark is worse than her bite.
I have never known the string snap on me.
It turned out dead easy.
And you know what ? We're done !
Put the box on the table in the kitchen.
This will be interesting.
Don't knock it until you've tried it.
Mary wore knee-high socks.
Try it on. It looks about your size.
Do you need a license to use an electric wheelchair?
Does an electric wheelchair require a driver's license?
We're the same size.
It should fit you because it's your size, but it's probably better if you try it on anyway.
This dress fits me perfectly.
It looks fabulous on you!
The only way to know if it fits is to try it on.
This house is abandoned.
You don't even know the half of it!
The dressing room is over there.
Let me pay for it.
Tom, stop pulling my hair!
His parents are very conservative.
Tom and Mary are both very conservative.
Teenagers dressed as clowns and carrying weapons were arrested outside a high school in France.
Fake clowns are terrorising people in France.
Never give out your password to anyone.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary his password.
The Puya Raimondi has a beautiful inflorescence.
We wear the same size.
The rocket blew up a few seconds after launch.
The cargo spacecraft exploded a few seconds after launch.
He insulted her.
I was insulted.
Why does the donkey have such long ears?
"I'm really thankful to you." "Once again?"
I can help you look for it.
I can't stop myself.
How can I repay you?
How did they find out?
I do need your help.
I really do need your help.
I just cleaned this.
I knew it was a lie.
I need some answers.
I never wanted this.
I still have to try.
I suddenly realized what was happening.
He came a cropper.
"I don't like Tom." "That makes two of us."
"Tom will probably be late." "I think so, too."
"This party's boring." "That's why Tom left."
You hurt my feelings.
Do not drink the water!
What you're doing makes me nervous.
This dress would look good on you.
That's all I remember.
That's not quite true.
That's not very funny.
That's not at all funny.
That's very good news.
That's what I believe.
That's what I figured.
That's what I need to do.
That boy looks like Tom.
That boy looks a little bit like Tom.
That cost me a fortune.
That could be anything.
The door was unlocked.
That girl over there is my sister.
That hardly seems fair.
That might be possible.
That scarf is ugly.
"I think you owe me about thirty dollars." "That seems about right."
That was a nice speech.
We should go home.
That's a horrible idea.
That's a horrible plan.
That's a little unfair.
It's only a temporary fix.
That's a very bad idea.
That's a wise decision.
That's all I have left.
That's also a bad idea.
That's not a bad guess.
That's not a bad start.
That's not quite right.
That's very, very good.
That's the whole story.
I wasn't expecting Tom to be here.
That looked like it hurt.
That really isn't funny.
That really isn't necessary.
That really isn't what I meant.
That's not funny at all.
That's not how I see it.
That's not what I think.
That's not why I'm here.
That's real nice of you.
That's very good advice.
That cost a lot of money.
That could come in handy.
That looks like it hurts.
I'm here not because of that.
That seems to make sense.
I didn't come here for that reason.
Tom may not be dead.
That sounds like a train.
That sounds really great.
That happened over a year ago.
That was totally amazing.
That was very reassuring.
That wouldn't be any fun.
That'll take a long time.
Doing that will take a long time.
Doing it that way will take a long time.
That's a very good point.
That brings up another point I'd like to discuss.
That's hardly the point, is it?
That's really not the point, is it?
That's the point I'm trying to make.
That's an excellent point.
That's a really good point.
That's exactly the point.
That's kind of the point.
That's precisely the point.
That's really not the point.
That's not really the point.
That's sort of the point.
That was some pretty good advice.
That's a good rule to live by.
That's not a good choice.
That's the first good news I've heard all day.
That's not nearly good enough.
That's not really good enough.
That cake was really good.
That's a good reason, I guess.
That's a good thing to have.
That's a really good hospital.
That might be a good idea.
That might not be a good idea.
That seems like a good idea.
That would be a good idea.
That would be a really good idea.
That wouldn't be a good idea.
That's not such a good idea.
That's probably a good idea.
That's probably not a good idea.
That's a very good question. I'm glad you asked it.
That was rather good, wasn't it?
That doesn't sound so good to me.
That was a pretty good move.
That's a really good painting.
That would be a good start.
That's a good idea. I'm going to do that.
That wouldn't be a good thing.
That's a good story, Tom.
A hopeful wish comes through in a dream.
That doesn't seem quite so important anymore.
That may be an important clue.
That's much more important.
That's the only thing that's important.
That sounds very important.
That's important to know.
That's not important for you to know.
That's not important now.
That's not important right now.
That's not really important right now.
That's the important thing to remember.
That's the most important thing to do at this time.
That's the most important thing in the world.
That makes everything simpler.
That's pretty much all you need to know.
That's pretty much everything you need to know.
That was everything I had.
That's how I do everything.
That's it. I've done everything I can.
That's it. I've done everything I can do.
That's it. I've done all I can do.
That's what you've always wanted.
That's what you should do.
That's what you always do.
That's what I'm asking you to do.
That's what I thought you said.
That's what I thought you meant.
That's very thoughtful of you.
That's very nice of you to say.
That's the last thing you want.
That's not what you want to do.
That's not what you used to say.
That's not true and you know it.
That's not fair and you know it.
That's my girlfriend you're talking to.
That's all you need to know.
That's all you ever think about.
That's all I have to say to you.
That's all I have for you.
That's all I can offer you.
That's a risk you just have to take.
That's a risk you have to take.
That dress looks really nice on you.
Kosovo is now an independent country.
May I turn off the lights?
Is it OK if I turn off the light?
Kosovo was a province of Serbia.
Already states have recognized the independence of Kosovo.
Pristina is the capital of Kosovo.
Would it be OK if I turned off the lights?
The light has turned green.
That's why I'm here today.
That's why I have to do this.
That's why I brought this.
That's why I said forget it.
That's why I need your help.
That's why I did what I did.
That's why I need to go back to Boston.
That's why I'm a bachelor.
That's what I thought, too.
That's what I was thinking, too.
That's what I was thinking.
That's what I'm thinking.
That's what I was going to say.
That's what I always say.
That's what I should've said.
That's what I was working on.
That's what I'm counting on.
That's what I'm frightened of.
That's what I'm afraid of.
That's what I need to know.
That's what I'd like to know.
That's what I wanted to hear.
That's what I'm here for.
That's what I thought at first.
That's what I usually do.
That's what I have to do.
That's what I like to do.
That's what I want to do.
That's what I was trying to do.
That's what I'd like to do.
That's what I'd try to do.
That's what I'm trying to do.
That's what I'm supposed to be doing.
That's what I do all day.
That's what I'm worried about.
That's exactly what I expected.
That was easier than I thought.
That's just what I thought.
That's all I was thinking.
That's not what I was thinking.
That's exactly what I think.
That's how I like things.
That's all I know for sure.
That's all I wanted to say.
That's all I've got to say.
That's not exactly what I meant to say.
That's not what I was saying.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
That's exactly what I'd say.
That's not what I'm afraid of.
That's how I feel right now.
That's all I need for now.
That's all the reason I need.
That's all the thanks I need.
That's exactly what I needed.
That's not what I had in mind.
That's not exactly what I meant.
That's not quite what I meant.
That's precisely what I meant.
That's the choice I made.
That's all I need to know.
That's all I needed to know.
That's really all I know.
That's not the way I see it.
That's not how I remember it.
That isn't the way I heard it.
That wasn't what I intended.
That's all I need to hear.
That's all I wanted to hear.
That's not what I just heard.
That's not where I'm going.
That's all I was waiting for.
That's not what I'm here for.
That doesn't change how I feel.
That's exactly how I feel.
That's exactly what I expect.
That's more than I expected.
That's not what I meant either.
That's all I'm trying to do.
That's not what I was doing.
That's the best I can do.
That's all I'm thinking about.
That's when I injured my ankle.
That's how I injured my ankle.
That's where I injured my ankle.
That's why I've done all this.
That's why I'm not getting married.
That's why I went to Boston.
That's why I wanted to talk to Tom.
That's why I asked Tom to leave.
That's where Tom and I met.
That's where I went yesterday.
That's where I think Tom will be.
That's when I went to the police.
That's when I knew Tom was lying.
That's when I decided to quit talking.
That's what I'm here to find out.
That's what I was hoping to hear.
That's what I wanted to find out.
That's what I want to understand.
That's the reason I'm here.
That's the other reason I'm here.
That's the only reason I'm here.
That's the one thing I'm sure of.
That's the one thing I can't do.
That's the last thing I would do.
That's the jacket I saw Tom wearing.
That's not where I was last night.
That's not what I'm trying to say.
That's not what I'm looking for.
That's not what I'm going to do.
That's not how I would say it.
That's just what I'm going to do.
That's how I would've done it.
That's how I planned it.
That's how I found out about it.
That's exactly what I've needed.
That's exactly what I was doing.
That's exactly what I wanted to do.
That was what I was going to say.
That isn't what I'm talking about.
Tom is going to go to prison for a crime he didn't commit if you don't confess.
Bhutan is a country about which I only know very little.
Your phone is ringing again.
I am working on the car.
How do I get in touch with you?
How do you know Tom didn't lie to you?
How do I get a hold of you?
How do these things work?
How do you know that you can't do it unless you try?
How do you know it's true?
How do we reason with Tom?
How do you put up with Tom?
How do you know you can trust Tom?
How do you spend your time?
How do you live like this?
How do I explain this?
How do we explain this?
How do you explain all this?
How do you feel about all this?
How do you know so much about this?
How do you remember that?
How do you prove that?
How do you even know that?
How do you want me to handle that?
How do you plan on paying for that?
How do you plan on doing that?
How do you intend to do that?
How do you propose to do that?
How do you propose we do that?
How do you want me to do that?
How do you know what I said?
How do you know it's not real?
How do you know it's real?
How do I know this is real?
How do you put up with all the noise?
How do you feel at this moment?
How do I get out of this mess?
How do you plan to help me?
How do you know where I live?
How do we find out what we need to know?
How do you know I don't know?
How do you put up with it?
How do you know I don't have it?
How do you want to handle it?
How do you explain it?
How do I know you didn't do it?
How do you always do it?
How do you intend to do it?
How do you know I didn't do it?
How do you know I'm not the one who did it?
How do you know so much about it?
How do you know how deep the lake is?
How do you know how heavy it is?
How do you know how thick it is?
How do you know what color it is?
How do you stand this humidity?
How does Tom jump so high?
How do you stand this heat?
How do you know what I heard?
How do you know what I had?
How do you know where to go?
How do you count to ten in French?
How do you think I felt?
How do we open this door?
How do you want to die?
How do you feel about gun control?
How do you stand this cold?
How do you know I'm not Canadian?
How do I know you're not bluffing?
How do you know who I am?
My cat ate a part of the rebate check.
I had to hold my dog back when a cat crossed our lawn.
The picture that you hung up yesterday afternoon fell down this morning.
Do you want to use a platter or a tray?
Rich people have a tendency to look down on the less fortunate.
Who's going to look after my sick grandfather if something happens to me?
Keep on stirring until the liquid comes to a boil.
Hang in there. Don't give up hope.
The public library will be giving away old books this Monday.
My boyfriend didn't want to go to the opera, but he finally gave in.
Because he comes from a poor family, little Tom may have to go without boots this winter.
Someone gave the criminal away to the police.
That music is grating on my nerves.
I tried to get my point across but failed.
My wife and I hope to get away for a week during the Christmas break.
My maternal aunt brought me up after my parents died in a plane crash.
You made this mess, so clean it up.
To lose weight, you must cut back on sweets.
Could you drop this package off at Tom's on your way home?
That aging film star has had three facelifts.
Tom dropped out of the race when he fell off his bike.
They tell me that it's good exercise, but I'm just not into jogging.
You're sad now but, with time, you'll get over it.
We don't know why but, at the last minute, Mary called off the wedding.
If you run just a little faster, you'll be able to catch up with them.
Tom checked out three books from the library.
After such a disappointment, Mary needs to be cheered up.
If everyone chips in, we'll be able to finish painting the living room by noon.
Tom's little brother has always looked up to him.
Tom got a really short haircut and it took a long time for his hair to grow back.
Tom has been going out with Mary ever since they met at a fourth of July picnic last summer.
Someone needs to look into this matter more thoroughly.
The cake will take an hour to bake.
I came across some old family photos when I was cleaning out the closet.
A handsome young stranger tried to cut in when I was dancing with my boyfriend.
Tom's sister just got over the flu and now he has it.
I spent a few minutes going over my answers before I turned in my test.
There are a lot of kids in that family and most of them wear hand-me-downs.
Instead of going to the party, why don't we just hang out at my place.
Tom's lying and cheating finally did him in.
I could barely hold back my tears when I received the news of Tom's death.
What are you studying about?
If you keep your grades up, you'll get into a good university.
Don't look back. Focus on the future.
What is he learning?
Do you know what the price of a new snowboard is?
He is learning English.
Could you look over this document for spelling mistakes?
I don't know if Mary is telling the truth, but she certainly made up a good story as to why she was late.
Tom and Mary never stay angry with each other for long and usually make up within a couple of days.
If I were you, I wouldn't pass up such a good opportunity to make a few extra dollars.
Will you point Tom out when he runs by?
In short, there is a difference between guests and travellers.
It looks like you also want to buy it for Theresa.
Tom's always criticizing Mary and putting her down.
It's possible that they haven't seen each other's faces.
The reason Mary has to go to the bathroom so often is that she drinks ten cups of tea a day.
The baby is on the way and my husband hasn't put the crib together yet.
I think you should go over your speech a few more times before you deliver it.
I wanted to wash my hair this morning, but we've run out of shampoo.
Why don't we set up a meeting for Monday?
Before you buy that car, you should shop around a little more.
Mary will never lose weight because she is incapable of sticking to a diet.
It's going to take some time to sort out this mess.
Don't forget to switch off the light in the hallway before you leave.
I do know when your plane will land, but not when it takes off.
Instead of throwing away your old furniture, why don't you give it to charity?
The soup is simmering on the stove and the bread is cooking in the oven.
Have you ever thought about baking your potatoes instead of frying them?
For years I toasted my bread in the oven and then one day I bought a toaster.
Why are you complaining about your jeans being too tight? Why didn't you try them on before buying them?
After coming in from the bitter cold, Tom stood in front of the fireplace for a long time warming up his hands and feet.
How did your plans to move to Boston work out?
If something turns up about the missing child, the police will certainly let us know.
Does Tom prefer to jog or work out in a gym?
Tom and Mary fight more and more. I'm afraid the honeymoon is over.
There were teenagers in the park showing off on their skateboards.
Put the groceries down here on the counter.
Instead of turning your back on me, why don't you look me in the eye and tell me what really happened?
What was Tom looking for out there in the backyard?
Tom was really tired. He turned off the light at nine and was fast asleep within minutes.
I don't know why, but when I eat any kind of seafood, I always break out in a rash.
This year I think I'll grow corn instead of potatoes.
What is that funny growth on Mary's chin?
Have you made up your mind about what you are going to give Mary for her birthday?
Why did you pretend not to see me when we were on the bus together?
Do you know why she's jealous of me?
I don't agree with the premise of your argument.
Why are there so many fathers who abandon their children?
You can't make me love you.
Tom doesn't come around anymore. Maybe he's moved to a different city.
We've spent too much time goofing off. Now it's time to get down to work.
There are computers here.
Tom said he'd kill you.
I know that Tom hurt you.
Tom is no good for you.
Tom is calling for you.
Tom has a thing for you.
Tom said he'd call you.
Tom isn't as tall as you.
Hasn't Tom arrived yet?
Tom stole my wallet.
Tom kept Mary waiting.
Tom is going to live with us.
Tom and John are identical twins.
Tom is going to town.
I did everything I could to stop Tom.
You look fine, Tom.
Tom's birthday is today.
Tom might not make it in time.
Tom is with somebody.
Tom may have something important to say.
Tom is so rude.
Tom's phone is ringing.
Tom owned a ranch.
That's why Tom quit.
Tom is kind of needy.
Tom's family has house in the mountains.
Tom's family is missing.
That sounds exactly like Tom to me.
Tom said you'd phone me.
That's up to Tom, not me.
Should I let Tom kiss me?
Tom is going to kill me.
Tom says he'll hurt me.
That's between Tom and me.
Tom sang better than Mary.
Does Tom still love Mary?
Tom tried to embrace Mary.
Tom tried to console Mary.
Tom is a married man.
Tom is crazier than anyone else I know.
Tom just walked in.
Tom is probably innocent.
Tom's feelings are hurt.
I allowed Tom to go home.
Tom will listen to what you have to tell him.
Tom is a pretty smart guy.
Tom's prints are on the gun.
Tom and I had a fight.
Tom knows more about me than anyone else.
This is what Tom needs to do.
Tom closed the doors.
That's why Tom died.
Tom's wife just died.
Tom sang better than Mary did.
Tom is used to sitting all day at his desk.
Tom's body was cremated.
Tom looks like a cowboy.
Tom's mood has changed.
That's why Tom came.
Tom came home by bus.
Tom has a boat.
Tom stole your bike.
Tom was mauled to death by a bear.
Tom owes me an apology.
Tom is amazing.
Tom has done everything for us already.
Tom is out of town again.
Sean Connery is a Scottish actor.
Sean Connery started balding at the age of 21.
We should proceed with great caution.
The castle might be haunted.
Tom and Mary left the party together.
It'll be fine, Tom. It's just a storm.
I don't have time to talk.
Amelia Earhart was an aviatrix.
Amelia Earhart was the first woman to fly across the Atlantic solo.
Smartphones would have seemed like science fiction ten years ago.
I guess that will have to do.
Have you seen Planet of the Apes?
You're not a very good liar, Tom.
Tom bought two tickets and a bag of popcorn.
It was like something out of a movie.
Tom kissed Mary during the movie.
Tom introduced me to his roommate.
Mary introduced me to her roommate.
You saw that movie, didn't you?
I feel so happy when I'm with you.
Did you buy fresh orange juice or frozen orange juice?
What's wrong with her? Why does she do that?
Tom passed out on the couch.
That's a weird sentence.
Tom promised that he would be more careful in the future.
He begged her to forgive him.
Tom begged Mary to forgive him.
It would be a good idea if I went.
I ought to go.
Tom fell down and skinned his knee on a rock.
Don't give in to Tom's demands.
You probably didn't notice, but you put your shirt on inside out.
When are you going to face up to the fact that you are getting old?
There are a lot of stories flying around about why Mary left her husband.
During the holiday season, a lot of stores jack up their prices.
I'm sorry we're late, but we were caught up in the five o'clock traffic.
Is that supposed to cheer me up?
I'm doing the right thing.
Is Mary prettier than me?
Why are these photos so important?
I've already taken care of everything.
I won't have to leave work early.
The garage is dusty.
We don't need you anymore.
The word ‘kilogram’ is usually abbreviated to ‘kg’.
Haven't you eaten lunch yet?
Haven't you eaten lunch?
When did you quit smoking?
When was the last time you had a girlfriend?
How long has it been since you've had a girlfriend?
How many years has it been since you've had a girlfriend?
When was the last time you saw your boyfriend?
How long has it been since you've seen your boyfriend?
Lisa Gardner writes crime novels about the detective D. D. Warren.
That depends on you.
That's what I wrote.
That only makes it worse.
That's what's got me worried.
That's where I work.
That's a lot of work.
That might actually work.
That's what I wanted.
That's all I wanted.
That's all I ever wanted.
That's what I'd want.
That might depend on your point of view.
That's kind of vague.
That's simply not true.
That's not really true.
That's an ugly tie.
That's what I think.
That might change things.
That's a good thing.
That's a very interesting theory.
That looks like tea.
That's a very nice suit.
That's a long story.
That's a good story.
That's a good start.
That was quite a speech.
That's a nice skirt.
That's a very good sign.
That's a real long shot.
That might be serious.
That makes no sense.
That makes more sense.
That's a good school.
That's not for me to say.
That's all you ever say.
That's all I want to say.
That's all I had to say.
That's all I can say.
That's against the rules.
That's kind of rude.
That was kind of rude.
That's not how I want to be remembered.
That's a lot to remember.
That's a huge relief.
That's a good reason.
That's kind of rare.
That's all I can promise.
That stuff is poison.
That's a brilliant plan.
That's a generous offer.
That's all over now.
That's sort of nice.
That feels very nice.
That's what makes me nervous.
That's all I needed.
That's a pretty necklace.
That's my real name.
That's a great name.
That's a great movie.
That's a cool motorcycle.
That's what I meant.
That was kind of mean.
That's what's worrying me.
That's what terrifies me.
That's what interests me.
That's not what worries me.
That's not going to stop me.
That's enough for me.
That wouldn't help me.
That really scares me.
That never used to bother me.
That hadn't occurred to me.
That doesn't make sense to me.
That didn't even occur to me.
That did occur to me.
That could've hit me.
That bullet was meant for me.
That ball could've hit me.
That seems like a lot.
That might take too long.
That's a blatant lie.
That can't be legal.
That's why I'm late.
That's nice to know.
That's a nice jacket.
That's why I did it.
That's more like it.
That's how I see it.
That's how I did it.
That isn't much, is it?
That's not the issue.
That's not how it is.
That was really intense.
That's a wonderful idea.
That's a crazy idea.
That's a clever idea.
That's our best hope.
That might be helpful.
That could be helpful.
That's a lot of help.
That seemed to help.
That might help.
That's what I heard.
That's nice to hear.
That's good to hear.
That's exactly what I want to hear.
That's my best guess.
That's a good guess.
That's not very good.
That's a pretty girl.
That's a great gift.
That'll be a lot of fun.
That might be kind of fun.
That looks like fun.
That looks kind of fun.
That's all I can ask for.
That's all I could find.
That's a bit extreme.
That's a lame excuse.
That may not be so easy.
That's a nice dress.
That narrows things down.
That narrows it down.
That's already been done.
That might be difficult.
That's kind of deep.
That's for me to decide.
That's what's driving me crazy.
That's kind of cool.
That's a lot to consider.
That's a very nice coat.
That makes things clear.
That's a lot of cash.
That's a police car.
That's why I called.
That cost me three bucks.
That's a good brand.
That makes me feel better.
That does make me feel better.
That wasn't too bad.
That might not be so bad.
That's a fair assumption.
That's all I can ask.
That was three weeks ago.
That was months ago.
That looks like it would be fun to do.
The best way to help us is to contribute in your own native language.
That stuff is poisonous.
If you don't want to get married, you shouldn't get married.
If you don't want to get married, it would be better if you didn't get married.
I want you to write your phone number and address on this piece of paper.
I want you to write a letter to your mother.
I want you to wear your new dress.
I want you to wear that new hat I bought for you.
I want you to think about this very carefully.
I want you to tell me what you plan to do.
I want you to tell me what happened.
I want you to take me back to Boston.
I want you to take a good look at what's in my hands.
I want you to stop doing that.
I want you to stay here with Tom until I get back.
I want you to stay a little longer.
I want you to put these boxes in the basement.
I want you to know you've got nothing to be afraid of.
I want you to know you have nothing to worry about.
I want you to know that I'm sorry.
I want you to know I'm willing to help if you need me.
I want you to know I'm here if you need me.
I want you to know I'll never do that.
I want you to know I appreciate your help.
I want you to help me this afternoon.
I want you to get well.
I want you to forget everything you saw today.
I want you to follow me.
I want you to find out what time the meeting is going to start.
I want you to find out if Tom is planning to come here by himself.
I want you to convince Tom to help us.
I want you to be quiet now.
I want you to be here when I get back.
I want you to admit you were wrong.
I want you both to stop fighting.
I want Tom to meet you.
I want Tom gone by the time I get home.
I want to wake up early tomorrow morning.
I want to thank you for what you've done for me.
I want to thank you for what you did for us last week.
I want to thank you for coming here today.
I want to thank you for all you've done.
I want to thank those who helped me.
I want to thank everyone for helping me today.
I want to thank everyone for helping me out today.
I want to talk to Tom's French teacher.
I want to talk to the person who owns this house.
I want to talk to somebody who can tell me what I should do.
I want to talk to somebody who can tell me what happened.
I want to take you back to the hospital.
I want to take a closer look at those charts.
I want to take a closer look at that report.
I want to show you how well I can dance now.
I want to see you both in my office.
I want to see who's in the classroom.
I want to see Tom before I leave.
I want to see my brother.
I want to party with you.
I want to move to Boston.
I want to make sure you don't do anything dangerous.
I want to make sure we have enough water.
I want to make sure that I don't catch the flu.
I want to make sure it's large enough.
I want to make sure it's good enough.
I want to make sure I get to the station early enough to buy a newspaper before getting on the train.
I want to make sure I can afford to buy it before I order it.
I want to make a good impression on your parents.
I want to let Tom know we'll be late.
I want to leave as soon as possible.
I want to leave as soon as I can.
I want to know why you're not happy here.
I want to know why you weren't here yesterday.
I want to know who told Tom that.
I want to know who helped you do your homework.
I want to know who did this.
I want to know where you're going.
I want to know where you were last night.
I want to know where you want me to put this.
I want to know where Tom went.
I want to know where Tom is now.
I want to know when you'll be back.
I want to know when Tom will be back.
I want to know what's going on between you and Tom.
I want to know what you're going to do about it.
I want to know what Tom's blood type is.
I want to know what it is I'm getting involved with.
I want to know what it is I'm getting into.
I want to know what caused the explosion.
I want to know how much Tom weighs.
I want to hear about what happened.
I want to go there as much as you do.
I want to go discuss something important with you.
I want to get out here as soon as possible.
I want to get out here as soon as I can.
I want to get home now.
I want to get back home before Tom does.
I want to finish this job so I can go home.
I want to find out what's really going on.
I want to find out what really happened.
I want to do that just as badly as you do.
I want to date other women.
I want to be with Tom on his birthday.
I want to be sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I want to be sure that you're doing this because you want to.
I want to be sure that there will be no problems.
I want to be a hero.
I want to ask Tom to stay for dinner. Is that OK?
I want to apologize to everybody.
I want those reports on my desk within the hour.
I want those kids to leave.
I want this repaired as soon as possible.
I want this fixed as soon as possible.
I want the money you owe me and I want it now.
I want the facts.
I want my three hundred dollars back.
I want my hammer back.
I want for you and me to be happy.
I want everything to be just right.
I want everybody to go home.
Why don't you ever tell me where to charge my time for your stinking assignments?
Is the driver at the restaurant?
Is the driver at the gas station?
Have you got an appointment?
I don't have classes.
I like my doorman.
You didn't go there.
I want to work in a company.
Wishing you a belated Happy Birthday.
Mary's husband took her to the fancy French restaurant for their belated anniversary dinner.
So, why are you here?
So, what can I do for you?
Darling, why don't you watch a little television while I slip into something more comfortable.
Tom and his friend John were swimming close to shore when a strong undertow carried them out to sea.
My favorite smoothie is one made with green tea, frozen raspberries and blueberries.
You may think your comment was innocuous, but I found it very offensive.
How can you put up with Tom's corny jokes?
Was that Mary's actual voice or did she lip sync the song?
Tom just sat around while John and the others did all the work.
The nurse sat little Tom down and told him to stick out his tongue.
The purring cat rubbed up against Tom's leg.
The train pulled in and we rushed to meet Mary as she got off.
I'm counting on you not to let our secret leak out.
Tom became emotional and choked up during his retirement speech.
I like you more than I like him.
My family is big.
How many sons and how many daughters?
She entered her room.
Why should I know about your sexual orientation ? Do you know about mine ?
Do we have free will?
Don't state the obvious.
I need to take your temperature again.
I need to take your temperature.
How do you know Tom is bluffing?
How do you know those are real diamonds?
I just want you and me to be happy.
I want you and me to be happy.
Have you ever driven stickshift?
Have you ever driven manual?
Have you ever driven with a standard shift transmission?
Where is your bedroom?
How do we know you're not lying to us?
How do we know you're really a doctor?
How do we know Tom will even come here?
How do we know this isn't the real one?
"Pad See Ew" is a Thai dish made with flat, broad rice noodles.
I wanted to get your advice, but it's too late now.
I wanted to thank you for what you did today.
I want to thank you for what you did today.
I wanted to be sure Tom was planning to be here.
I don't make as much money as I'd like to.
I wish I could stay longer, but I have to leave.
I'd like stay longer, but I have to leave.
I'd like to go home now, but I have to stay here until I finish this report.
I have something I'd like to show you.
I have some questions I'd like to ask you.
I have several things I'd like to talk to you about.
I have a few more questions I'd like to ask you.
Excuse me, I'd like to talk with you for a moment.
There's something I'd like to discuss with you.
Tell Tom I'd like to meet with him immediately.
If anyone has a better idea, I'd like to hear it.
We're born between urine and feces.
Lust awakens the desire to possess. And that awakens the intent to murder.
We're going to visit the Sun. But in the cool of evening!
I just bought a inch flat screen television.
The television is in the living room.
Tomorrow is Wednesday, and the day after tomorrow is Thursday.
That's what I'd like to find out.
If you don't mind, I'd like to rest here for a while.
Long-sleeved shirts are good for cold weather.
If you drink instant coffee you do not need a coffee pot.
The coffee pot is full of coffee.
Thanks for all the help you've given me.
Thanks for all the help you've given me already.
Thank you for all the help you've given us.
I'd like to thank you for all the help you've given my son.
I really appreciate the help you've given me over the years.
I can't thank you enough for the help you've given me.
A picnic is easier on everyone if you use a paper plate.
I like to play Icy Tower.
I am very fond of Swedish food because I grew up with them.
After having eaten our meals, we visit IKEA's furniture department.
We buy Swedish food almost every time we go to IKEA.
My favourite biscuit is Singoalla.
I have a separate notebook for each class.
The man is writing in the notebook.
Tom wrote something in his notebook.
Don't even say that as a joke.
Now for my next number, I'd like to play a song for you that I learned from my father.
Elmira is always having a row with her neighbour.
If you don't mind, I'd like to be alone for a while.
If it's all right with you, I'd like to stay for a while longer.
Zhanar Amantaevna tosses good ideas in organizing school holiday for our children.
I'd like to get a little shut eye.
I have a lot to do today, so if you don't mind, I'd like to have this discussion at another time.
There are times when I'd like to be more like you.
I'd like to know how much the meal was because I'd like to pay my half.
Before we say goodbye, there's something I'd like to ask you.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about what happened at school today.
Tom has trouble admitting his mistakes.
Tom has trouble admitting when he's wrong.
I'd like to see what would happen if you tried to kiss Tom.
Of you the tale is told.
Is it really true that 30% of the people who live here have never seen the ocean?
I've been put in charge of this project.
If you don't mind, I'd like to talk to Tom alone.
For now, I'd like to concentrate on this.
I'd like to do that, but I can't.
I'd like to be more like you.
I'd like to know a little bit more about you.
I'd like to spend more time with you.
I'd like to know the reason why.
I'd like to sit here for a while.
I'd like to take a walk.
I'd like to thank you all for coming tonight.
I'd like to have you on our team.
I'd like to set things straight.
I'd like to sing you a song.
I'd like to talk to someone about what I saw.
I'd like to ask you one question.
I'd like to order a pizza.
I'd like to give this to Tom in person.
I'd like to know what's going on.
I'd like to know how you got my number.
I'd like to know how you got my phone number.
I'd like to speak to Tom alone if I may.
I'd like to speak to the manager.
I'd like to try doing this without your help.
I'd like to talk to you about what happened.
I'd like to shake your hand.
I'd like to talk with you about your grades.
I'd like to thank you all for coming.
I'd like to thank you all very much for coming.
I'd like to own a business.
I'd like to get started right away.
I'd like to know what this is all about.
I'll kick your ass if I see you around again.
You are always pissed off.
The meaning of life is to be forgotten as if you never were.
I wonder what's going to happen to us.
We're having a bachelor party for Tom at my place tonight.
Tom is wearing a pirate costume.
We're having a surprise party for Tom tonight at my place.
Smoking is a disgusting habit.
Why do you think smoking is a disgusting habit?
The party is in full swing.
No matter what, don't tell Tom.
I thought you were older than me.
It's a matter of taste.
It's a matter of survival.
It's a matter of national security.
It's a matter of priorities.
It's a matter of principle.
It's a matter of the utmost importance.
It's a matter of vital importance.
Nice to know you.
Why do I have to do this alone?
Why do I have to do this by myself?
I'd rather do this alone.
I'd rather do this by myself.
I'd rather do this without your help.
Without her help, I couldn't have finished my task.
I couldn't have finished my homework without Tom's help.
I've already tried that once.
When did you become a teacher?
I'm not rich enough to buy cheap things.
Tom isn't wearing a name tag.
To wherever the wind may take us.
Mary's lipstick is smeared.
This makes no sense to me.
My parents won't let me have a dog.
Is this some kind of joke?
I don't really need your help.
I don't really need this.
I was wondering when you were going to tell me about it.
I was wondering when you were going to tell me.
I was wondering when you were going to tell me you loved me.
I was wondering when you were going to tell me that.
The most popular game in the world is made by Swedes.
I hope I can go to Sweden one day.
I want to finish the text here.
There are no more bullets.
There are no more bullets in my gun.
We're out of ammo.
We're out of ammunition.
We've run out of ammunition.
We've run out of food.
I guess I don't have a choice.
My headache is finally gone.
I've finally gotten over my cold.
We depend on each other.
Why don't we go together?
We are all meant to do good things.
You look exactly like Tom.
Would you hand me that?
Would you come with us?
Would Tom let me wear this?
Will Tom ever forgive me?
Why did Tom attack you?
Were you sad when Tom died?
Were you looking for Tom?
Is that what you really want?
None of the family had been inoculated against diphtheria.
You speak very fast.
You talk really fast.
Tom's time is very valuable.
Tom's dreams have come true.
Tom's car's parked over there.
Tom's strength is returning.
Tom's family is powerful.
Tom's office door is open.
Tom's funeral is on Monday.
Tom's name is on the list.
Tom's name isn't on the list.
Tom's confidence is high.
Tom's car's parked out front.
Tom's parents are divorced.
Tom's leg was badly burned.
Tom's face is badly bruised.
Tom's confidence is back.
This day has been for shit.
Don José Heights is a red field with grasses.
The beautiful Tinikling dance is Filipino.
Did Tom's dog ever bite Mary?
Has Tom's dog ever bitten Mary?
Even Tom is afraid of Mary.
How's Tom going to find Mary?
Tom was being blackmailed by Mary.
Tom took a step toward Mary.
Tom shook his fist at Mary.
Tom asked Mary to go with him.
Tom is holding Mary's hand.
In the middle of the test, my stomach started growling. I was embarrassed.
The meeting dragged on for three and a half hours.
Everyone was talking at once, so I couldn't get a word in edgewise.
How are you coming along with your French lessons?
They administered the anesthetic a few minutes ago but Tom hasn't gone under yet.
I found two videos of Maria Callas singing that aria, one in a staged production and one in concert.
What are the world's three most frequently performed operas?
The Ibaan Market sells vegetables.
I dwelt in Quezon City.
I left early to catch the first bus.
All three of them were in love with the same girl.
Go help your brother!
In case of an emergency, contact the police.
That story doesn't make sense.
What can be done about it?
Is this my seat or yours?
What does your planet look like?
This is unquestionably a brick wall.
How much money does a basement window like that cost?
I want to buy a good quality, insulated basement window.
Why didn't you ask me for help?
Why haven't you asked for my help?
Why didn't you ask for my help?
Why haven't you asked me to help?
Don't believe him who speaks nice words, but him who speaks simply the truth.
My hands are tight.
I saw my neighbor's dog running in my garden.
Mary wanted to have the best looking Halloween costume at the party.
Mary sewed her own costume.
I will never, ever drink again.
When we set out, it was raining, but when we arrived, the sun was shining.
The children are allowed to wear their Halloween costumes to school for Halloween.
Mary looked adorable and cute in her Halloween costume.
You haven't said yet where you live.
Mary made her children's Halloween costumes.
We came to an agreement on a price.
Bad weather delayed takeoff for two hours.
Girls are often judged by how attractive they are.
He advised him to give up alcohol.
Please refrain from insulting me.
They will buy some bread.
Are you here with anyone?
"Are you here with anyone?" "I'm here with my friend Mary."
Have you decided what your Halloween costume will be?
I don't want to abort the mission now.
Don't forget your costume.
I'll never drink alcohol again.
The football game was broadcast across the country.
I have a date with him tonight.
I have a date with Tom tonight.
I have a date with her tonight.
This isn't about Tom, is it?
Is that what Tom taught you?
I guess Tom went home.
How could Tom do this to us?
Does Tom live here with you?
Did Tom make this for you?
Did Tom leave a message?
Are you waiting for Tom?
Did you guys hook up?
Tom never did anything to me.
Tom graduated in 2013.
Why did you punch Tom?
I didn't understand what was happening.
Tom was really drunk last night. He probably didn't even know what he was saying.
Tom graduated from Harvard business school last year.
What was your first cellphone?
The economy still hasn't completely recovered from the financial crisis.
Millions of people in the United States are unemployed.
Tom tried to convince Mary that she should cheat on her boyfriend.
This screw is made in China.
This plastic squirrel was made in China.
Can I take my jacket off?
Can I take my shirt off?
Can I take my shirt off? It's so hot in here.
The German government subsidizes solar panels.
Tom wanted the job, but he wasn't hired.
We're three hours behind schedule.
Tom would never hurt me.
She sold off her furniture. In this way, she will be able to feed herself and her dog.
Would you like to go have a drink after work?
What you want is not possible.
He cooked the noodles for just under two minutes.
She always gives her baby noodles for food.
It's your responsibility to finish this job.
Which sport do you most enjoy watching?
I really like this story.
They accused him unfairly.
People are going to the cemetery today to pay respect to their deceased loved ones.
Tom disavowed the rumor.
It would be nice to go when is sunny.
Talk is cheap, but thought is free.
The grass is always greener on the side that's watered.
Lead me not into temptation — I can find my own way.
Don't ask what the state can do for you, but why it doesn't do it.
The spare room is ready for guests.
Although Tom attended Harvard business school, he never went to its library.
Thank you for extending to me such a warm welcome.
Even when she is years old, she will still be breathtakingly beautiful.
Even if she got to be years old, she would still be breathtakingly beautiful.
Enough with this sort of joke already! It's tedious.
Her violet pupils are unforgettable.
The 'Fasten Seatbelts' sign has currently been switched off.
Ladies and Gentlemen, we have now landed at Tokyo International Airport.
This plane is currently cruising smoothly towards our destination.
This is the final boarding call for Japan Airlines Flight 731.
Today, it is clear weather for the vicinity of the airport; temperature is degrees Celcius.
The names are sorted alphabetically.
From all of us in the crew, we look forward to your flying with us again. We hope you have a nice day.
We sincerely thank you for today's flight.
Don't grow up to be like me.
Quit making such a sad face.
You should not laugh at him.
Strange that he knows nothing on this subject.
He denied these facts.
We plan to spend our honeymoon abroad.
The cherry is now in full bloom.
The wolf killed the lamb.
This vacuum cleaner is noisy.
He is studying at this university.
Don't look so sad.
Never, ever tell that to others.
Absolutely do not tell other people.
It's a secret from Tom.
It's kept secret from Tom.
Tom said you could speak French.
They look exactly like Tom.
I want a book to read on the train.
Because of the rain, we had to eat our picnic inside.
I fell asleep around midnight.
Let's go early.
She was immediately attracted to him.
You should hurry, because the banks will be closing soon.
The accident occurred before his very eyes.
You promised me to take care of Tom.
He was not born blind.
I made Tom go home.
We haven't seen them for more than half an hour.
Did you remember that you were supposed to buy candles?
One cinnamon doughnut and a slice of apple pie, please.
Isn't a coming out an invitation to coming in ?
He is old enough to be her father.
I must clean my teeth.
As soon as he received his pay, he spent it.
You could at least say thank you.
Carl looks very happy.
The ocean was choppy because of the storm.
You are to return home before nine.
If you need a fountain pen, I will lend you one.
He speaks well.
He knows Spanish.
I've never heard anything like the noise he was making.
Forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.
Mary has more money than any of us can imagine.
Are you ready to go to the table?
Read the book out loud.
Which party does she belong to?
The apples were sold out.
Tom liked animals.
"How serious is Tom's sickness?" - "We should fear the worst."
The criminal is among us.
I can't always understand everything you say.
I saw my neighbor's dog running in my yard.
Do not fancy yourselves to be special, for you are not so.
I can't always understand everything you write.
Those who don't want to see are very blind.
It's so teeny tiny!
He's outstanding in his field.
Life is a jest, and all things show it, I thought so once, and now I know it.
She had black and shining eyes.
I've really got to tell you something, something very important. Let's meet up tonight please, can't we?
This is an easily controlled epidemic.
They're speaking Irish.
The sentence is useful.
The sentence isn't useful.
His accent gives away the fact that he's a Frenchman.
I can't keep up. She's talking way too fast.
He's got good rhythm.
She botched the job.
She screwed up the work.
She knows Spanish.
I don't know what to say. I truly don't. This is just so incredibly beautiful.
Come on in. Take your money and make sure the door is closed after you've left.
They come by train there.
He was a stone-cold killer.
A light and happy heart is the best of gifts.
That's not a shame.
She jumped out of the frying pan into the fire.
The paintings are worth a lot.
I might not understand much of the information on Japanese sites, but I don't feel as uncomfortable as many other people who get there for their first time.
I thought Tom would prepare the food for us.
What you do is up to you.
What we do is up to you.
I didn't know that this was the first time you kissed a girl.
We will be landing at Tokyo International Airport momentarily.
That avenue culminates in a great plaza.
The next day, I didn't get up until noon.
One listens through ears.
I hope you answer soon.
He drinks only water.
Even at years old, she's still breathtakingly beautiful.
Perhaps you even know more about this than I do.
Yes, both words have the same meaning.
She told him that she believes in astrology.
Invite her to come watch a film.
I need your answer before the day's over.
It was only a bad dream.
You cannot democratize a starving people.
I'll get used to this sooner or later.
I suggest that you put on some clean clothes.
This depends on you.
How long has it been since you saw your girlfriend?
When did you stop smoking?
I'm having a really great time.
She decided to go abroad.
I don't want to hear any more about Marika.
Roughly 14% of all the human beings that have ever existed are alive today.
All I want is to speak with you.
Mary, from now on, leave the cooking to Tom! He has more experience than you.
Don't believe anything you hear and only half of what you see.
I'd like to talk to you about something else.
I'm usually pretty good with faces, but I didn't recognize him at all.
I spent all my money on stupid stuff.
He said that he would call you later.
Above all, don't tell Tom.
We're going to a Japanese restaurant!
He is a husband for an hour.
The Russian space probe Luna saw the far side of the moon for the first time in 1959.
She is not as intelligent as you.
The milk is disgusting.
You look poorly.
He does everything well.
The police followed her all the way to Paris.
Yesterday I saw an interesting TV program.
I went out for a moment.
The anger showed on her face.
This was how he became a great pianist.
Columbus claimed the Earth was round.
He was late, as always.
He moved towards the door.
If you leave now, you'll arrive before six.
I'm convinced he's innocent.
I'm convinced he's not guilty.
He has a habit of telling lies.
It's not possible that she understood you.
The news soon spread that he was on his way.
This is an electrical appliance.
A falling star is a meteorite.
She has money problems.
Excuse me, would you mind passing me the sugar?
You can watch movies with English subtitles using this link.
I'll try to say it in English.
It isn't easy to translate all your comments into Standard German.
I ate a hamburger at McDonald's.
This matter is very important.
These three extraterrestrials have come to earth to see if Ukraine can be saved.
Cover your feet with a blanket.
Did you see my mother?
Did you see my sister?
Did you see my brother?
Did you see my dog?
Did you see my cat?
Did you see my son?
Did you see my daughter?
Did you see my uncle?
Did you see my aunt?
What is Caoimhe doing?
What is Saoirse doing?
What is Oisín doing?
What is Ciarán doing?
What is Caoimhín doing?
"Should I know her?" I asked. "I don't think so," he replied slowly, while watching carefully for my reaction.
What is Mallaidh doing?
I've seen a flying saucer.
I am sure you are right.
I believe that's it.
Portuguese descends from Latin.
Let me explain for those living under a rock.
So late that it's already early.
When I long for my relatives, I call them.
Please help me!
We love Bob more than Tom.
The big, bad wolf swallowed the old lady whole in an instant.
She wrote me a love letter in Esperanto.
Are you going to be home for Christmas?
Just promise me that you won't do anything silly.
What leads you to the conclusion that I wouldn't agree?
It was like a dream.
Near the equator, the weather is hot and humid year-round.
You don't have a right to make fun of him.
I don't have time to do what I want to do.
Where's the toilet around here?
Can we order please?
Charlemagne is said to have sown the seeds of both Germany and France.
The Polish cavalry troops charged bravely towards the German tanks.
I like the smell of tea. The taste, not so much.
I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list.
Salt is used to melt snow.
I'm sorry, we're completely sold out.
Ice salt is used to melt snow.
Almost all humans wear clothes.
There is a fork.
There is a spoon.
There is a knife.
There is a fork here.
There is a spoon here.
There is a knife here.
Thousands of people died in Japan.
You can come to visit me, but only if you promise to behave well.
You can come to visit me, as long as you promise to behave well.
You can come to visit me, provided that you promise me you'll behave.
No one will deny the fact that the world is round.
The fact that it's expensive doesn't mean that it's any good.
There are plenty enough reasons for me to resign.
I can't answer this question. I don't know anything about those issues.
I like showy clothes.
Tom said he wanted to be your friend.
Enjoy the life!
Don't be so pessimistic.
You'll learn a lot here.
That's my globe! I put it where I please.
Bill posting prohibited. Offenders will be prosecuted.
Our rented car broke drown during the journey.
Michael Clarke has conceded that his men appear not to have learnt from their crushing defeat.
This has to wait until tomorrow.
What do you get if you cross a hedgehog and a snake? Five feet of barbed wire.
It could be true.
You shouldn't tease him.
He might be at home.
He must have done it.
I live in Belfast.
She could have told him.
You live in Belfast.
He lives in Belfast.
She lives in Belfast.
You can't have seen me.
We live in Belfast.
They live in Belfast.
You should have stopped.
You might have left it in the car.
Are you bitter because you're lonely, or lonely because you're bitter?
I retweeted that tweet.
I'm tweeting on Twitter.
I carried on reading the book.
I don't believe that Tom is a murderer.
I don't believe that Tom is the murderer.
Buildings cannot deny the law of gravity.
Our client wants to build a house with an internal courtyard in order to avoid unwelcome gazes from the outside.
I have the impression that I already know you.
Take your hand out of your pocket!
We don't have much money.
His hobby is painting.
The letter was written to her.
I always have a notepad.
I'm ashamed of what my fellow professionals and I have done in the past.
Peter is cold, he wish a sweater.
Your kiss is bitter with cocaine.
She read the book in one day.
It was stupid of me to believe Tom.
I was an idiot to believe Tom.
I shouldn't have believed Tom.
I wish I hadn't believed Tom.
Often a change in syntax makes it easier to understand a sentence.
I still can't believe that Tom hates Mary.
This happened to me about a year ago.
Thank you for helping me cross the street.
She embarrassed him.
Don't worry about the minor details.
I want to apologize for my behavior yesterday evening.
She is an avid reader.
They refused to help her in any way.
She knows five languages, but when she wants to swear, she does so in her maternal language.
Don't tell anyone that we are doing this.
Is this the most serious matter?
There was not enough evidence to find him guilty.
I fell in love with Jean Reno.
Jesus Christ is my Savior.
Let me give you a ride to the station.
He added sugar to his coffee.
He winked at me.
Man is sinful.
The building with the reddish brown roof is a church.
Bernadette was born in Rennes in 1909.
Be gentle, but firm.
I shouldn't have trusted Tom either.
I prepared breakfast for him.
I have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
I really like Hokkaido.
Yesterday, John arrived in Japan.
I should stick to the schedule.
I had confidence in him.
There is no excuse for the way Tom acted at the party.
He never forgets to write to his mother every week.
Everyone knows how to write his or her own name.
I was demanding.
This is a fork.
This is a spoon.
This is a knife.
He got up the courage to ask her to marry him.
We exaggerated.
Just how hungry are you?
His son is ill.
I need your help more and more.
The birds taught me their song and the trees invited me to their concerts.
A theocracy engulfed the supernation and authorities forbade spaceflight for generations.
At what time does it leave?
The period of exploration and colonization of the Solar System lasted five thousand years, like the Mediterranean Sea of olden days.
The era of exploration and colonization of the Solar System lasted five thousand years, like the Austronesian Diaspora in the ancient Pacific.
It took generations to iron out all the problems of human pregnancy and child rearing outside of Terra.
Terraforming Mars and Venus became a reality generations later.
The Forensic Investigation Unit is trying to determine the cause of today's fire.
Will you be going?
Will they be moving to Boston?
Will the team be playing?
Will you be eating and drinking all night?
I needed a lot of courage to address the ravishing beauty in the plain blue dress who stood alone in a corner.
Will you be staying up and working all night to finish the job?
If you want to get rid of a boring companion at your cousin's wedding, begin to explain to him in detail the geological history of some faraway landscape that you most unfortunately will not be able to show him.
Do not hesitate to approach me in case you need someone to look after your money.
Blast it!
Blast!
I was only a child then.
Don't be so tense.
Don't be so stressed out.
You know something about this, don't you?
It's very cold in this room. The fire went out.
The soldiers soon overran the fortress.
I lied. Please forgive me.
Well, from time to time.
It's only a ten-minute walk.
It just started to rain.
It would be better if we didn't change our plans.
Women often paint their fingernails.
Tom was always available when you needed him.
There is a faint knocking at the door.
I somehow misplaced my glasses.
I hate her hat.
I hate his hat.
The woman has a fever.
He has a fever of degrees.
The cat likes sitting in the chair more than I do.
It is easier to study when you are sitting in a comfortable chair.
Tom has Mary's address.
They don't have the directions to my house.
Tom has Mary's car keys.
Tom has the answer to Mary's question.
Tom doesn't have the answer to Mary's question.
Tom has Mary's support.
Tom will have an answer by tomorrow.
They will have a good laugh when they see you like this.
My name is Peter.
I'm twenty three-years old.
Can you suggest me a good tavern?
He just came down the stairs.
Why is it that you start speaking to me in English each and every time? Because I'm a foreigner?
I love Hokkaido.
They love Hokkaido.
He loves Hokkaido.
She loves Hokkaido.
"Wait, have you washed the lettuce?" "Stop worrying over the little things."
It's not your fault, so don't worry.
Are you really confused about when to start?
Why do you always speak to me in English? Is it because I'm a foreigner?
In its twenty-year history, my country has had three presidents. I took pride in the first, was unimpressed by the second, and am positively disgusted by the third. If the pattern holds, I doubt that our fourth president will even be human.
Smoking is very bad for your health.
However much I searched, I could not find the book.
It should be vetted through a well-designed testing process.
You did your homework.
He did his homework.
She did her homework.
We did our homework.
They did their homework.
I was busy with housework.
You were busy with housework.
He was busy with housework.
We were busy with housework.
They were busy with housework.
I prepared breakfast for myself.
I prepared breakfast for you.
I prepared breakfast for her.
I prepared breakfast for them.
I have killed him.
I have killed her.
I have killed them.
I prepared breakfast for Dee.
I did my homework after I took a nap.
I haven't done that!
Have you got any apples?
Have you got any pencils?
Who had injured you?
I wonder how Tom got injured.
Who had injured her?
Who had injured them?
I'm learning Esperanto.
You're learning Esperanto.
He's learning Esperanto.
She's learning Esperanto.
We're learning Esperanto.
They're learning Esperanto.
I prefer speaking English with a native speaker.
I prefer speaking French with a native speaker.
I prefer speaking German with a native speaker.
I will sell it as soon as I find a buyer.
I asked everyone what that was.
Dear heroes, I have taken over the Kingdom of Heaven. Heaven is now a permanent Hell!
I like Hokkaido.
Would you tell her that Tom phoned?
She was too far away.
She wouldn't have noticed.
Denial would have been useless.
What's the dealio?
We all had a good workout before lunch.
You're a fast worker.
The dispute affected relations between management and workers.
I'll try my best to arrive early.
I'll try my best to look after your house while you're away.
I don't want your gold or your silver.
Love had never mattered to me because I never knew it. I didn't know what it was. But now that I know love, I don't want to lose it.
Mary is a beautiful and intelligent young woman.
Tom wasn't the most popular kid in the school, but he had a couple of friends.
She is interested in Mathematics.
We may not enjoy living together, but dying together isn't going to solve anything.
Here, mistakes are the soul of dialogue.
The sun doesn't only shine on your father's windows.
And then something very strange happened.
How long have you been in love with her?
How long have you been in love with him?
I live in Malaysia.
Plant trees!
They destroyed the old house.
You destroyed the old house.
Now that we're all here, we can start the going away party.
How could he see anything in such darkness?
The sun and the moon had started to shine.
Thousands died in Japan.
You're not bad looking either.
The sea's waves have made me hear his poem.
The sea's waves have made me hear her poem.
The sea's waves have made me hear your poem.
I love you too much.
I don't tend to look back and regret what I've done.
I'm going to drink a glass of milk before I go to bed.
I have to eat something before I faint.
It seems like Tom wants to talk to you.
You must think I'm really strange.
The capital of Mongolia is Ulan Bator.
Mary rarely wears dresses.
The Bárðarbunga is erupting in Iceland.
I swam a lot during summer vacation.
Those were his exact words.
Those were her exact words.
Next Saturday, I will go to Paris.
I need you to tell me the unvarnished truth.
I know that I haven't been a very good father.
Tom gave all his money to Mary.
Lava is dangerous.
Where is the mother?
Julia doesn't see Emilia.
Julia calls Emilia.
Julia cries and calls Emilia.
Emilia comes in.
Who's calling me?
Julia's calling you.
Humans live better now.
I am not a special person.
Did you not have anything to eat yet?
Do you know where my key is?
I like Hokkaido a lot.
She wrote the letter.
You should consult a doctor.
You should ask a doctor.
What did he say to you?
What did she say to you?
Do you spend a lot of time with your friends?
Do you spend a lot of time with Tom?
Do you and Tom spend a lot of time together?
I drowned.
On sunny days, the beach is very crowded.
Today's weather is sunny with occasional clouds.
I think that, in tough times, you can cry as much as you want.
If you think that you'll learn to speak English just by going to America, then you're sorely mistaken.
If somebody wants to bad-mouth you, you should just let them say whatever they want. It's a waste of time to get bothered by it.
Thank you for helping me cross the road.
You forgot your umbrellas.
I left my umbrella at home.
I left my umbrella on the bus.
Haven't you eaten yet?
Pigs smell bad, but they have a very good sense of smell.
I'll never ever sing in a karaoke bar.
You are very smart.
Let me put this differently.
Maria salted the meat.
Three bears lived in that little house.
He was big and shaggy.
The girl took the biggest spoon and supped from the biggest bowl.
I'm suspicious of people who don't like dogs, but I trust a dog when it doesn't like a person.
Winter was long here and summer short.
Shooting a bear that you baited with a pizza doesn't make you a nimrod.
It has been a long time since I was in my hometown.
You drop seeds, and you move on. If the seeds are good, they'll take root.
You talk, I'll listen.
You did lose them, but gained me.
Where are the flowers she used to plait into her hair? Where are lush verdure, warm and serene nights, happy songs?
Tom brought an umbrella.
Tom is not a rapid reader.
Tom isn't a fast reader.
He defends and protects his family.
This morning Tom said that his sister is still in bed.
You're talking about yourself.
Talk about yourself, please.
And below, the princess saw an immense city shining with millions of lights. The three travellers descended towards it, unseen by anyone.
I'm from Germany.
Nervous? Me? No!
Kisses!
I have bagel and cheese for breakfast.
As a measure to prevent another period of inflation, our government has jacked up interest rates.
I increasingly need your help.
Did you develop the film?
Thank you for teaching me how to do this.
Thank you for helping me write my resume.
Thank you for helping me stick to my diet.
Thank you for helping me reach my goals.
Thank you for helping me organize Tom's birthday party.
Thank you for helping me keep out of trouble.
Thank you for helping me find a good job.
Thank you for helping me celebrate my birthday.
Thank you for helping me carry my suitcases.
Thank you for helping me out.
Thank you for helping me.
Be careful not to drink too much.
Be careful not to hurt yourself.
Be careful not to say anything that will upset Tom.
Be careful not to drive on the wrong side of the road.
The legal age for marriage in Australia is 18.
Outsiders tend to scoff at Esperanto as an idealistic waste of time.
Both Tom and Mary have long hair.
Start!
The listeners had already begun to yawn.
Tom is not able to easily distinguish between boredom and hunger.
He is getting closer and closer to the speed limit.
His happiness is bigger than his intellect.
Wake up and be more attentive!
The world population will soon be doubled.
My music teacher was surprised to know I know how to cook.
No, there is no such a thing.
Have you ever been in Turkey?
England is the home of the English language.
Within three months, I will be able to read, write and speak.
Please ask Tom to call me back at his earliest convenience.
I won't leave this house voluntarily.
I'm sorry for calling so late. I just wanted to hear your voice.
This word fits better here.
I saw Mary talking with a young man who had long hair.
The lawyer found a loophole in the law.
I think Tom should eat more.
Tom, I think you should eat more.
Hello?
The Alternative for Germany is a new political party in Germany.
You needn't have done that, chief.
I'm older than he is.
The whole future is just around the corner.
She sings soprano.
He sings soprano.
I think phosphoric acid has the same color and consistency as coconut oil.
I habitually use smokeless tobacco as substitute for cigarettes because of health reasons.
I've been on a diet for four months, but my midriff bulge hasn't budged.
In the winter, it gets dark early.
In winter night falls early.
We all want to play Jenga.
International politics is like a game of Jenga where a single wrong move will make fall down the whole constuction.
A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.
A robot must obey orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.
A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law.
Don't look out the window, focus on your studies.
There were a lot of people shouting and waving.
I don't understand your mind.
I don't know your heart.
Is she not doing well? She seems somewhat depressed.
Gladiators fought with lions inside the Colosseum.
I'll never forget the look on Tom's face.
I'll never forget the look on his face.
I'll never forget the look on her face.
I'll never forget the look on Tom's face when I told him he had gotten into Harvard.
I'll never forget the look on Tom's face the first time I hugged him.
I'll never forget the look on Tom's face when he found out that Mary had been injured in a traffic accident.
I'll never forget the look on Tom's face the first time he rode a horse.
Are you guys all right?
Are you girls all right?
It's a fascinating read.
This book is a fascinating read.
Mary went to the bathroom to reapply her makeup.
I don't like him one bit.
I don't like her one bit.
Why does everyone think that I'm stupid?
You're not stupid at all.
I don't know whether I'll go or not.
You brag more than a mouse on cheese.
You may use her library.
Your eyes were full of sadness.
Their eyes were full of sadness.
I will not even cry one tear.
She denied that she's my mother.
I keep repeating the same thing.
Politics is the art of perception.
The monks elected a new abbot.
I would have to take precautionary steps to keep him out.
Precautionary measures were unnecessary.
Some parents worry unnecessarily about their children.
To explain the risks is very important.
It's very important to explain the risks to Tom.
They are the poorest of the poor.
How many carbon atoms does methane have?
That Japanese orange candy used to be my favorite!
My love doesn't cost anything.
You're not hungry.
I charge high rates.
Man returns to his phylogenetic roots in panic situations.
He has no choice but to succeed.
As you wished!
I totally agree with that.
I wish the night would never end.
Life is sweet for you.
That's not Klingon, that's Greenlandic.
I hope my Russian sentence is not completely incomprehensible.
I intended to abandon everything to focus wholly on MARDEK, but I was finding it hard to stay interested and motivated.
I checked on the game 'briefly', just to remind myself what it was like, then ended up playing it for like hours or something. I suppose that means it's an appealing game?
Well, it happens.
Stupidity is a lack of intelligence.
Whose container is this?
My father is a bit old fashioned.
"Who was that girl you were with at the beach today?" "What girl?"
I can tell my best friend anything.
For more information, please visit our website.
That galloping inflation has been lasting for three years now. People are frustrated and angry.
There are torches that do not need batteries. Some are charged by shaking them, some by cranking a handle and others by repeatedly pressing a lever.
I have learned a lot from this conversation.
Please ignore my comments above.
I used to live in Kobe.
These walls aren't exactly soundproof.
God has a plan for you.
Ice, or oil, can make a road slippery.
When I was a child, I used to like sliding down the staircase banister.
The nearest star is about four and half light-years away from the earth.
He is brushing his hair.
Beautiful things give us pleasure.
There is a smile on her face now.
This is a narrow street.
Does your coat have a collar?
This is the opposite side of the box.
The teacher's work is teaching.
The sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west.
She is washing her hands.
How long was the journey to New York?
How much was the ticket?
His friends were waiting for him at the station.
What is she putting into the bag?
They are in their seats at the table.
She is putting some salt in the potato soup.
We see the same side of the moon at all times.
There is no earthly reason for me to dislike her.
My father was a gentle, easy-going person.
I've retired and I'm going to take things easy for a while.
He began to eat his sandwich.
They travelled eastwards.
It looked like an eggcup suitable for a goose egg.
Success makes a man egotistic.
You become what you hate, or what you suffer.
I forgot to buy a flower for Éva.
I forgot to buy flowers for Mary.
Did you remember to buy flowers for Mary?
Tom had intended to buy flowers for Mary, but he forgot to.
Tom wished he had remembered to buy flowers for Mary.
Tom was supposed to buy flowers for Mary, but he forgot.
This isn't the first time I've ridden a bicycle.
This isn't the first time that this has happened.
This isn't the first time Tom has lied.
I live near the Towngas drums.
We are dying to know the details of his vacation.
We will pester him with heaps of questions.
Good luck on your test.
Is that all you want to say?
Not only is my nose blocked, but my temperature is high.
The first casualty of every war is the truth.
Take out your notebooks!
Tom was disciplined for behaving inappropriately in class.
Trees are alive.
Take out your notebooks.
Get out your notebooks.
There was a box inside the box.
There was a small box inside the big box.
Cats like boxes.
Don't talk to your father like that.
Don't talk to your mother like that.
How did you get caught?
Tomorrow, we will face the enemies.
I rely on your promise.
He hopes to find fame as a poet.
Please let me explain.
My house is near her house.
Tom will never notice the difference.
He'll never notice the difference.
She'll never notice the difference.
The sky is above the earth.
I didn't put as much salt in the soup as usual. I wonder if Tom will notice the difference.
What's your strongest language?
What foreign languages have you studied?
Does this look familiar to you?
What language do you usually speak?
When you're speaking with your classmates, what language do you usually speak?
What language do you usually speak at home?
What language do you usually speak at work?
Most of Mary's friends were boys.
Tom and Mary ate Chinese take-out.
These are Tom's ski boots.
Most of Tom's friends are girls.
Hurry up, Tom, I'm freezing.
Forget it. It's too risky.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to begin our descent.
The temperature in Boston is in the lower 40s.
Tom said that he was worried about his future.
I find you very attractive.
You'll never be young again.
I'll never be young again.
Why did you marry him?
I met him just recently in Kyoto.
As if by magic, it disappeared in an instant.
Please take off your shoes before coming inside.
He wished to become a renowned poet.
Botany is an applied science.
At the moment, Tom is in Mary's good graces.
This is a figurative expression.
The girl hops.
My love costs nothing.
Apathy is death.
"Did you bring the book?" "Oops! I forgot!"
What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.
High moral character is not a precondition for great moral accomplishments.
The problem is that religion tends to give people bad reasons to be good.
I don't understand why people believe in ghosts.
Would you carry this upstairs for me?
They got off the bus and walked two kilometers in the hot sun.
We must replace this moth-eaten carpet.
I was supposed to go there last summer.
I'm not supposed to talk to you about this.
You are supposed to report it to the police as soon as possible.
I'm from Italy.
I'm from Austria.
I'm from the Netherlands.
I'm from Holland.
I'm from Poland.
I'm from Serbia.
I'm from New Zealand.
I couldn't get the stain out of your green dress.
He got out a book and read.
Have you got over the shock?
She always got out of washing-up.
I'll get on to her right away.
I am getting on for twenty and have become engaged.
They were getting on in years now.
I tuck my children into bed every night.
The number of times it happened increased.
The number of people among us increases.
I'm not supposed to talk to anyone about this.
I'm not supposed to tell anybody about what happened.
She is the woman I will be marrying.
This is the project I will be working on.
Boston is the city I will be moving to.
Remember that, however hard glass may be, it breaks easily.
The problem disappeared as if by magic.
Magic is the art of changing superstition into money.
There were books lying here and there in the room.
He still has a lot of apples.
The dress looks great on you.
See what I did!
Do you have a YouTube channel?
This blue dress looks great on you.
The dress looks quite cool on you.
If you don't lie to me, I'll be happy.
Pieces of the broken mirror lay scattered on the floor.
I remember these faces.
Tom got cold when the sun went down, so he put the heater on.
It was something which brought a stream of new ideas.
Tom tried to tickle Mary, but found out she was much less ticklish than he was.
Don't sit here if you're not going to play poker with us.
Skin shouldn't be exposed to sunlight for too long.
I'm glad that you will come.
There are beautiful flowers scattered throughout the garden.
There are no taxis, so I must walk.
After the party, the floor was cluttered with empty bottles and ashtrays.
Nothing in nature is useless.
He doesn't live far from here.
How far are you from here?
I hear a sound in the distance.
Shall we rest a bit?
You seem far away.
My opinion is the same as theirs.
Teachers also make mistakes.
I see the city off in the distance.
He lives far from the city in which he was born.
Are you going to eat at home or go out?
Vampires live forever.
Vampires live forever, unless they're killed.
Would you want to be a vampire if you could?
This vampire works for a blood bank.
This file is encrypted.
Make sure Tom goes to bed before 9:00.
I hope we can finish this before 2:30.
I'm not going to be able to finish this before 2:30.
I'll pick you up at your office at 2:30.
Tom was supposed to be here at 2:30.
I'll be waiting here for you at 2:30.
I've got to get back to the office by 2:30.
I'm fairly sure Tom will be here by 2:30.
Tom plans to be here by 2:30.
I promised Tom I'd be there by 2:30.
I'm pretty sure I'll be there by 2:30.
I'm not sure I can be there by 2:30.
I really have to be there by 2:30.
Tom has been living here on an expired visa since 2013.
I just wanted to make sure you were OK.
I needed to know that you were OK.
I don't like you spending so much time watching TV.
I don't think it would be a good idea.
I don't think that would be such a good idea.
I don't know if that's such a good idea.
I'm not so sure this is such a good idea.
I'm not sure this is such a good idea.
I don't know if this is such a good idea.
Tom doesn't think it's a good idea.
I'm not sure this is a very good idea.
I don't think this is a very good idea.
Tom looks like he has an idea.
I don't think that would be a great idea.
Tom must be from the Australia.
Tom spent his whole life in Australia.
I still have Tom's umbrella.
Tom asked me if he could borrow my umbrella.
Tom is eating a banana.
This is a pretty good camera.
Tom looked towards the camera.
Tom asked Mary if she enjoyed opera.
Tom forgot to renew his visa.
I don't even have a job.
I don't have a job.
I think you should take the job.
Tom is definitely the right person for the job.
I don't think I'm the best person for the job.
Tom wanted Mary to quit her job.
I'm sure you can find another job.
I'll be over here doing my job.
I'm quitting my job.
This is a very exclusive club.
I've heard they don't let girls in this club.
Tom doesn't want to discuss that topic.
Tom has a scar on his forehead.
I'm going to go buy some bread.
Tom was careful not to say anything that would make Mary mad.
Tom looks very sad.
I have to get my windshield wipers replaced.
We've decided not to get divorced.
I don't see anything here that I need.
I don't think any of those are what I need.
I don't think that's what I need.
We've already bought everything we need.
Tom asked Mary how much she weighed.
I don't want you to think I'm dissatisfied.
I'm glad we're getting married.
Maybe we shouldn't have gotten married.
I don't think you two should get married.
I don't think Tom is ever going to get married.
I'm not so sure I want to get married.
We've decided not to get married.
I don't think Tom and Mary will ever get married.
Tom is getting a little worried.
The door isn't locked.
The door is unlocked.
Tom looked at Mary and winked.
Tom has been told what happened.
I think you should tell me what happened.
I intend to find out what happened.
Tom's not going to be happy when he finds out what happened.
Tom doesn't want to talk about what happened.
Tom has decided not to complain about what happened.
I need information about what happened.
I've never been kidnapped.
I think I know why Tom got fired.
Tom seems to be tired.
Tom has been working all day. He must be tired.
I'm beginning to feel a little tired.
I'm getting pretty tired.
I'm sorry to hear you were bored.
Tom looks like he's bored.
I'm starting to get bored.
I have a feeling you're going to be very pleased.
Tom is still kind of depressed.
I have to admit that I'm impressed.
Tom looks younger than I expected.
It was a lot harder than I had expected.
Tom refused to give them the information they wanted.
Tom is going to be a little disappointed.
Tom was terribly disappointed.
Tom looks well rested.
I have to admit I'm interested.
Tom has never been arrested.
I have to admit I'm intrigued.
I don't think you've understood what I said.
I'm really sorry about what I said.
I don't think Tom really meant what he said.
I heard everything you said.
I don't know why Tom did what he did.
There's no way Tom would've done what you say he did.
I'm not supposed to tell Tom about what we did.
I decided to do the same thing Tom did.
I did everything Tom did.
I decided to order the same thing to eat that Tom did.
I don't like what Tom did.
I don't think anyone could have done better than you did.
Tom is determined not to make the same mistakes Mary did.
Maybe we shouldn't have told Tom about what Mary did.
I'm the one who told Tom about what Mary did.
I'm not the only one who thinks you're stupid.
Tom is completely bald.
I don't like being cold.
I don't know about you, but I think it's cold.
It's a complicated world.
Tom used to sing that song with his band.
Tom looked down at his injured hand.
I don't know how much more I can stand.
Tom's French is hard to understand.
I don't want this to end.
I've lost a very close friend.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who doesn't have a girlfriend.
Tom plans to break up with his girlfriend.
If we wait, Tom might change his mind.
I'm not going to let you boss me around.
Tom looked down at the ground.
Tom looked closer at the food.
Tom always complains about the food.
Tom's French isn't very good.
It's a bad neighborhood.
This is a nice neighborhood.
I live in a very quiet neighborhood.
I wonder why Tom was in such a bad mood.
I wonder why Tom was in such a foul mood.
Tom wasn't able to make himself understood.
It looks like Tom is going to get into Harvard.
Tom is as handsome as you said he'd be.
Tom couldn't look me straight in the face.
I have a feeling I'm going to like this place.
I've asked Tom to take my place.
This is a very scary place.
This is a nice change of pace.
Tom will probably win the race.
Tom is already in his office.
Tom doesn't think Mary is as pretty as Alice.
I'm going to have to call the police.
Tom made a false statement to the police.
I'm not sure we have much of a choice.
I'm not sure you have much of a choice.
It's a tough choice.
Tom doesn't want to do this, but he has no choice.
I don't think you have any other choice.
It's a difficult choice.
I'm not sure we have any choice.
That almost sounded like Tom's voice.
I put your theory into practice.
I'm going to take your advice.
It's a pity I didn't buy one of those when I had the chance.
I'm willing to give you another chance.
Tom looked off into the distance.
Tom is the one who painted the fence.
Tom is doing very well considering his lack of experience.
Tom is beginning to lose his patience.
Tom is currently serving a three-year sentence.
I was like Tom once.
I was in love with Tom once.
Tom wouldn't tell me why he wanted a divorce.
Tom has been in love with Mary since the first grade.
Tom is the one I really have to persuade.
I don't think it's up to you to decide.
Tom is looking for a place to hide.
I think you should look outside.
I need to speak to you outside.
It's a little late for coffee.
I'm going to count to three.
I just wanted to make sure you were safe.
I've never been so frightened in my whole life.
I've never been so humiliated in my entire life.
Tom is going to prison for the rest of his life.
Tom has never been seriously ill in his life.
I've never been more scared in all my life.
I've never been so insulted in my life.
I've never seen these people before in my life.
I've never been so sure of anything in my life.
I've never been more certain of anything in my life.
I've never been sick a day in my life.
I'm just a housewife.
Tom has agreed to help us clean out the garage.
I've already left a message.
Tom has been taken hostage.
I'm feeling kind of strange.
I enjoy the challenge.
I'll love you until the day I die.
Tom knew it was a lie.
I missed the beginning of the movie.
Tom has probably already seen that movie.
I'll get my mother to bake us a cake.
I don't know how much more time it'll take.
I don't know how much more I can take.
I don't know how much more of this I can take.
I don't know how much more of this heat I can take.
It's a risk we can't afford to take.
It's a risk I'll have to take.
It's a risk we'll have to take.
I don't know how long it's going to take.
I don't know how much more time this is going to take.
It's a chance we've got to take.
Tom was afraid that he was going to make a mistake.
I still think this is a mistake.
I'm trying to stop you from making a big mistake.
Tom is barely able to stay awake.
I'm the only one here who knows what Tom looks like.
It's a private joke.
Tom looked at the map on the table.
Tom's French is terrible.
I'll try to make this as painless as possible.
I suppose it's not impossible.
I don't want to cause you any more trouble.
Tom is doing his best to stay out of trouble.
Tom was almost hit by a bicycle.
I have no idea who might've stolen your bicycle.
Tom has been trying to learn how to ride a unicycle.
I've decided not to sell my motorcycle.
Tom has been waiting here for quite a while.
I'm sorry I haven't called you in a while.
I just wanted to be by myself for a while.
I'm not coming back for a while.
I need to be on my own for a while.
I've got to go out for a while.
I don't think it's going to be that simple.
I don't know any of these people.
Tom, you've disappointed me.
Tom isn't going to see me.
Tom sometimes comes to see me.
I'm trying to get your parents to like me.
Tom just tried to choke me.
I don't like it when people ignore me.
I think Tom used to love me.
Tom went there instead of me.
Tom said he'd never heard of me.
Tom is here because of me.
Tom asked me if he could watch TV with me.
Tom used to be in a band with me.
Tom shared his sandwich with me.
Tom went to high school with me.
Tom shared his soup with me.
Tom refused to shake hands with me.
I don't have it with me.
I don't have my passport with me.
Tom must be angry with me.
I won't dance, so don't ask me.
I won't help you, so don't ask me.
Tom isn't going to kill me.
Tom stole my wallet from me.
Tom isn't stronger than me.
Tom doesn't trust anybody, not even me.
Tom still hasn't forgiven me.
It's a surprise to me.
Tom wouldn't say anything to me.
I don't like the way you're talking to me.
Tom didn't even say hi to me.
Tom said he didn't want to talk to me.
Tom looks normal to me.
Tom looks pretty normal to me.
Tom isn't going to listen to me.
I need you to listen to me.
Tom just wouldn't listen to me.
Tom isn't paying any attention to me.
I don't think you understand how important this is to me.
I don't think you understand how much this means to me.
I don't think you understand what this means to me.
It just doesn't seem right to me.
It's important to me.
I don't know what I would've done if you hadn't come to help me.
Tom may not even remember me.
Tom said he'll look after me.
I'm sure you would've done the same for me.
I'm afraid this isn't a good time for me.
Tom said you were looking for me.
Tom repaired my watch for me.
You've done so much for me.
I have something I need you to do for me.
Tom used to write songs for me.
I asked Tom to do it for me.
It's very obvious that Tom likes me.
Tom asked me if he could kiss me.
I don't like the way you're looking at me.
I don't like the way that guy is looking at me.
Tom wouldn't even look at me.
I don't like it when people yell at me.
Tom isn't going to protect me.
Tom was convinced, but not me.
Tom was persuaded, but not me.
Tom isn't going to shoot me.
I don't like the fact that you know so much about me.
I don't know what Tom would've done without me.
You have a very pretty name.
I had a nice time.
I'm willing to wait for you if you need more time.
I'm sorry, but I have no more time.
I don't think anybody's lived in this house in a long time.
Tom has been waiting here for a long time.
I don't think I can get there in time.
I'll bet Tom doesn't get here on time.
I'll try my best to be there on time.
Tom is going to try to be there on time.
Tom was afraid that he wouldn't get to school on time.
I'm trying my best to finish this report on time.
I can be ready on time.
I'm glad to see you haven't been wasting your time.
I don't think we should even consider buying a new car at this time.
I don't know why I thought it would be different this time.
I had a marvelous time.
I've had a great time.
Tom is going through a difficult time.
I just wanted to see you one last time.
We need to persuade Tom to come.
Tom has been waiting for Mary to come home.
I'm pretty sure Tom has already gone home.
I think I'm going to go home.
Tom is probably at home.
I really need to get home.
Tom's parents were asleep when he got home.
I think we'd better get you home.
I'll stop by your place on my way home.
I've got to make sure Tom remembers to take his medicine.
Please sign on the dotted line.
I'll open some more wine.
Tom's father doesn't allow him to drink wine.
I'm going to have to think about that one.
I don't have time to do all the things that need to be done.
I'm the only one who knows what needs to be done.
I'm going to find out what needs to be done.
I think I know what needs to be done.
Tom has done what everyone said couldn't be done.
I don't know what else I could've done.
Make sure Tom gets his homework done.
I still don't have my homework done.
It's a little easier said than done.
I'll try to speak to Tom after everyone has gone home.
Try to get Tom on the phone.
I don't like the idea of you staying here alone.
I don't like being all alone.
I'm going to tell you something I've never ever told anyone.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't want to offend anyone.
I promised not to tell anyone.
Tom is friendly with everyone.
Tom wouldn't tell me who gave him that envelope.
I think I now know where we are.
I don't need to be told who you are.
I'm sure Tom is just as scared as you are.
I'm sure Tom is just as tired as you are.
Tom is doing a wonderful job here.
Tom knows everything that goes on around here.
I'm sure Tom will be here.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here.
I'm here because I have to be here.
I can't understand why Tom wouldn't want you to be here.
I don't have a choice here.
Maybe we shouldn't have come here.
I don't know how many times we'll need to come here.
I'm starting to understand why you didn't want to come here.
I don't want Tom to know we're here.
I think I know why you're here.
I'm not supposed to leave here.
I think you should get out of here.
I need to get you out of here.
I think I know a way out of here.
I think I'm going to enjoy being here.
I'm probably going to enjoy being here.
It looks like Tom is going to start working here.
I'm going to have to ask you to stop coming here.
Please explain what's happening here.
I think I'm going to like living here.
I think I could get used to living here.
I don't even know why I'm here.
I don't know how to get home from here.
It's a little crowded in here.
It's a bit crowded in here.
It's a mess in here.
It's a real mess in here.
It's a little creepy in here.
I'm glad I'm not the youngest person here.
I know why you came down here.
I've got a job to do here.
I've got work to do here.
I don't think you're fit to be a teacher here.
I'll go see if Tom is here.
I don't think we should be talking about this here.
Tom is going to wait until Mary gets here.
Tom seems to be the only one who isn't here.
I've been waiting for Tom to get here.
I'll be finished by the time you get here.
It's a little spooky out here.
I'm not usually here.
Tom isn't really happy here.
I'm not sure when I should be there.
I don't know when I need to be there.
I'm not sure Tom is going to be there.
Come on, Tom, you've got to get out of there.
Tom may have been at the party last night, but I didn't see him there.
I have a right to be in there.
It's a mess down there.
Make sure Tom doesn't leave before I get there.
I don't see anything out there.
Tom's mind is obviously elsewhere.
I don't know how many people there were.
Tom never told me how beautiful you were.
Tom never told me how successful you were.
Tom died in a fire.
I don't know who started the fire.
I've never spoken in public before.
I don't think I've ever been here before.
Tom has probably been here before.
I don't think I've ever seen you this drunk before.
I'm not the same person I was before.
Tom has probably done this before.
I don't remember ever meeting you before.
I don't know why we didn't try it this way before.
I'm going to explain it once more.
Tom should've eaten more.
I don't want to hear any more.
I don't know why you even bother to come here anymore.
I'm not going to study French anymore.
Tom is barely able to walk anymore.
I don't think you can ignore this problem anymore.
My last name isn't Jackson anymore.
Tom has decided not to live in Boston anymore.
Tom can't fit into his old clothes anymore.
I have no interest in doing this anymore.
I don't know if I can do this anymore.
I'm not so sure I want to do this anymore.
I don't want you to do that anymore.
I promised myself I wouldn't do that anymore.
I recommend that you don't do that anymore.
I don't like this game and I don't want to play it anymore.
We don't want Tom to see you anymore.
I'm not going to be working with you anymore.
I'm not going to fight with you anymore.
I don't think you're going to need me to help you anymore.
I won't be able to visit you anymore.
Tom has decided not to see Mary anymore.
I have to fill in for Tom at the store.
I think I know who painted that picture.
I paid a lot of money for these.
I'm sorry for breaking my promise.
I hope we can reach some kind of compromise.
I'm sure we can reach some kind of compromise.
I think we can reach some kind of compromise.
Tom was careful not to make too much noise.
Tom got up early to see the sunrise.
I've told you things I've never told anyone else.
I'd rather eat somewhere else.
I'd rather eat something else.
I'm going to tell you something I've never told anybody else.
Tom asked me if he could see my driver's license.
I think you'll lose.
I'm afraid I have to refuse.
I have to clean the house.
Tom has agreed to help us paint our house.
Tom tried to sell his house.
We've decided not to buy that house.
Tom is going to meet me back at my house.
Tom promised he'd help me build a doghouse.
Tom promised to help me build a doghouse.
Tom couldn't find his birth certificate.
Tom called Mary to say he'd be late.
I'm probably going to be a little late.
Tom said he didn't want to work late.
Tom told us the reason why he was late.
Tom looked down at his plate.
It's a little early to celebrate.
I think it's a little too early to celebrate.
I've already read some of what you wrote.
Tom is going to be ready in just a minute.
It's a commonly-used technique.
I don't want you to say anything that isn't true.
Tom looks like he'd like to leave.
Tom asked me to leave.
I assume you don't want me to leave.
I've been waiting for Tom to leave.
Tom looks like he wants to leave.
I think you ought to leave.
I really want to leave.
Tom got home just as we were about to leave.
I'm afraid I have to ask you to leave.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
I don't know why you just don't leave.
I think I should just leave.
I think you should just leave.
I'll come back after you leave.
Tom has done a lot more for me than you have.
I'll never forget that as long as I live.
Tom helped me find a place to live.
I don't think Tom has very long to live.
Tom wanted Mary to drive.
Tom's technique is impressive.
You've lost perspective.
I have a problem I think you can help me solve.
I don't think I've ever been this close to falling in love.
I've never actually been in love.
I know what it's like to lose someone you love.
Tom left the house without saying goodbye.
I just wanted to come say goodbye.
I've got to say goodbye.
I'm sure Tom will apologize.
I don't think Tom is the one who needs to apologize.
I'm not going there to socialize.
I'm going to be the new sheriff.
Tom got in his car and drove off.
Tom is the only one here who's tall enough to reach the top shelf.
Tom looks pretty proud of himself.
Tom is the only one who seems to be enjoying himself.
Tom isn't really enjoying himself.
Tom looks very pleased with himself.
I don't think we should leave Tom here by himself.
I don't think that we should leave Tom here by himself.
There's no way Tom could've done this by himself.
I don't like the idea of leaving you at home by yourself.
I don't think it's a good idea for you to go Boston by yourself.
I don't think you did this by yourself.
I'm enjoying myself.
I don't like to talk about myself.
I think Tom used to play golf.
I'm not the one you should be scared of.
I'm not the one you should be afraid of.
I don't know what I've been so afraid of.
I have some unfinished business to take care of.
Tom looked down at his broken leg.
I thought you knew I was kidding.
I thought you knew I was just kidding.
Tom is pretty good at singing.
I decided to do the same thing.
I've decided to do the same thing.
I'm really not good at that kind of thing.
I'm getting too old for this sort of thing.
I'm pretty sure I did the right thing.
I know I'm doing the right thing.
I'm trying very hard to do that right thing.
Tom seems to be having trouble breathing.
I'm having trouble breathing.
Tom is having trouble breathing.
Tom is never afraid of anything.
I'm just too tired now to do anything.
I don't understand how you can just sit there and not do anything.
I don't know anything, so I can't tell you anything.
Tom looked at Mary, but didn't say anything.
I don't know how we're going to pay for everything.
Tom's dying wish was that his son should inherit everything.
Tom's family lost everything.
Tom seems to be having trouble talking.
Tom seems to be having trouble walking.
Tom lost a lot of money gambling.
Tom is tall enough to touch the ceiling.
Tom is pretty good at computer programming.
I'd really rather go swimming.
I don't like to see this kind of thing happening.
Tom looks tired this evening.
I'm having dinner with Tom this evening.
I'm not the only one who saw Tom swimming yesterday evening.
Tom is usually a little irritable in the morning.
I don't like getting up so early in the morning.
Tom has been up since 6:this morning.
Tom is coming to see me tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to leave tomorrow morning.
I have to leave first thing tomorrow morning.
I'm going to need a ride to work tomorrow morning.
I have no idea what I should be doing.
I just wanted to check to see how you're doing.
I just wanted to stop by and see how you were doing.
I just wanted to see how you were doing.
We came by to see how Tom was doing.
Tom was curious about what Mary was doing.
Tom has been charged with kidnapping.
Tom is getting ready to sing.
I think Tom would've noticed if anything were missing.
I must be hallucinating.
I feel like celebrating.
Tom has been telling everyone that he doesn't plan to attend the meeting.
Tom was absent from the meeting.
Tom has decided not to go to the meeting.
I promise I'll be back in time for the meeting.
Tom is going to try to attend this afternoon's meeting.
I'm not going to be at this afternoon's meeting.
I don't think we really need to attend that meeting.
I'm glad to see you two have finally quit fighting.
The concert was a bit disappointing.
Tom sometimes doesn't seem to understand what I'm saying.
It's a little annoying.
Tom looks like he's been crying.
Maybe we shouldn't have stayed so long.
Tom's hair is long.
I'm glad to see the two of you are getting along.
I don't think Tom is going to admit that he's wrong.
I'm trying to figure out what's wrong.
Tom has agreed to help us figure out what's wrong.
I don't believe I was wrong.
I was right and Tom was wrong.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks that is wrong.
I just wanted to make sure I wasn't wrong.
I don't think I know all the lyrics to this song.
Tom never goes anywhere without his dog.
Tom is eating a sandwich.
Tom might know a little French.
I've decided to start studying French.
I need to find someone who can speak French.
I'm fairly certain Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
Tom may not know French.
I'm not so sure I want to study French.
I've decided not to study French.
It's still a little early to eat lunch.
The police have called off the search.
Tom was dancing by himself on the back porch.
It's a perfect match.
I think I know who stole your watch.
It's a minor glitch.
Tom doesn't really like Italian food so much.
I think you should stop complaining so much.
Tom isn't really helping us much.
I don't think I can help you very much.
Tom admitted he didn't like Mary very much.
Tom looked under the couch.
Tom didn't try hard enough.
Tom handed Mary an envelope full of cash.
I have a feeling you're going to get your wish.
Tom and Mary are going to get married on October 20th.
I'm scared to death.
Tom has always been a very easy person to get along with.
Tom can be a little difficult to get along with.
Tom can be a little difficult to work with.
Tom is always broke by the end of the month.
Tom's passport will expire next month.
Tom is planning to go to Boston next month.
It's a habit you can break.
It's a hard habit to break.
It's a pretty hard habit to break.
I thought you got your job back.
I think you ought to stand back.
Tom's hands are tied behind his back.
Tom has a tattoo of a snake on his back.
We all need to leave before Tom gets back.
I'm going to call you right back.
I'd do anything to get you back.
I don't think Tom is ever going to pay you back.
Tom admitted he wasn't really sick.
This key doesn't work in this lock.
I need to find someone who can drive a truck.
I've never driven a truck.
Tom has probably never driven a truck.
There are a lot of things I need to do this week.
I'm not allowed to have visitors this week.
Tom is probably going to have to go to Boston next week.
Tom looked down at the sidewalk.
Tom drinks a lot of milk.
I'm just going to sit here for a while and think.
I'm older than you think.
I think it's time for a drink.
It's a little too early for a drink.
Tom has had a lot to drink.
Let's go get drunk.
Tom is extremely drunk.
I walked home through the park.
I don't mind hard work.
I don't mind a bit of hard work.
Tom doesn't always wear a tie to work.
I don't know if it's going to work.
I've always loved your work.
I'm pretty sure Tom has finished his homework.
I've got to make sure Tom does his homework.
Tom is having trouble with his schoolwork.
Tom left an envelope on your desk.
Tom left something on your desk.
There's a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.
It isn't worth the risk.
I think it's not worth the risk.
I don't think this is real.
Tom's blood pressure is normal.
It's a little personal.
Tom is going to have to go to a hospital.
Tom came to visit me when I was in the hospital.
Tom's parents never visited him when he was in the hospital.
Tom doesn't want to go to the hospital.
Tom is dressed a little more casually than usual.
I'm not going to go to a hotel.
Tom came to visit me when I was in jail.
Tom has been put in jail.
I remember every detail.
Tom doesn't want to do anything at all.
I don't think Tom needs much help at all.
I don't think that's what Tom meant at all.
It looks like Tom isn't interested in baseball.
I've been expecting your call.
Tom looked at the map on the wall.
I thought I heard the doorbell.
It's a bad time to sell.
Tom went to work today even though he wasn't feeling well.
Tom looked surprised, as well.
It's very obvious that Tom doesn't understand French very well.
Tom's hands are full.
It's a really good school.
I'm dropping out of school.
Tom has decided not to drop out of school.
Tom asked Mary where she had gone to junior high school.
I've got to go or I'll be late for school.
I'm going to go to law school.
I have this under control.
Tom noticed Mary wasn't being careful.
Tom is going to get himself killed if he's not careful.
I have to let Tom know where I am.
I'm older than you think I am.
I'm not the kind of person you think I am.
Tom is better than any other player on the team.
Tom is on both the swim team and the track team.
Tom washed the dishes and Mary dried them.
I won't be going with them.
I fear we may have a problem.
Tom wasn't able to solve the problem.
I don't know how to deal with the problem.
Tom wanted Mary to say that she loved him.
Tom told Mary that his mother never loved him.
Tom slammed the door shut behind him.
Tom was almost dead when we found him.
Tom noticed Mary coming toward him.
Tom wanted me to ask Mary if she liked him.
I think you should tell Tom that you love him.
Tom didn't realize what was expected of him.
Tom looked down at the plate of food in front of him.
Tom looked over to his shoulder to see if anyone was following him.
Tom motioned for Mary to approach him.
Tom thinks that I'm in love with him.
Tom took everything with him.
Tom thought I was flirting with him.
Tom wants me to work with him.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom ran too fast for us to catch up with him.
Tom will come if you ask him.
Tom says you still won't speak to him.
Tom asked me if I could help him.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to help him.
Tom couldn't persuade Mary to help him.
Tom is planning to ask Mary to help him.
Tom pretended not to notice that Mary was looking at him.
Tom's wife has left him.
Tom's parents are probably worried about him.
Tom was fat the last time I saw him.
Tom signaled that I should follow him.
Tom motioned for me to follow him.
Tom motioned to Mary to follow him.
Thank you very much, Tom.
It's been a long time since we've visited Tom.
I never said I believed Tom.
I don't think I'm going to see Tom.
I'm trying to get everyone to call me Tom.
We've decided not to fire Tom.
We've decided to hire Tom.
I promise that I'll take care of Tom.
I'm not going to let you go to the dance with Tom.
I'm not going to play golf with Tom.
I'll try to get in touch with Tom.
I don't know how to deal with Tom.
Call me after you've spoken with Tom.
I'm not going to go to Boston with Tom.
I don't think this has anything to do with Tom.
I don't think that we should go with Tom.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this with Tom.
I don't think it's a good idea for you to hang out with Tom.
None of the other kids want to play with Tom.
I got a message from Tom.
I was very close to Tom.
I never even said goodbye to Tom.
I'm just here to say hi to Tom.
Actually, I just want to talk to Tom.
I have no idea what to say to Tom.
I'm trying as hard as I can to help Tom.
I think you ought to offer to help Tom.
The noise doesn't seem to bother Tom.
This sounds like a job for Tom.
I'm not going to wait for Tom.
We've already done a lot for Tom.
Nobody likes Tom.
No one trusts Tom.
I'm the only one who really knows Tom.
I don't know who started the fire, but I'm sure it wasn't Tom.
I don't think you're going to have the chance to meet Tom.
I have to go to the airport to meet Tom.
I need information about Tom.
Tom looked into the rec room.
I don't like the way Tom decorated his room.
Tom promised he'd clean his room.
Tom promised to clean his room.
Tom has been spending a lot of time alone in his room.
I don't like the way you decorated this room.
I'm going to go to my room.
I have a first aid kit in the bathroom.
I don't think there's anyone in the classroom.
I left my hat in the classroom.
Let me put a fresh bandage on your arm.
I'm going to head back to the dorm.
I don't think we should go outside in this storm.
I'm trying as hard as I can.
I promise I'll be back as soon as I can.
I'll try to get back as soon as I can.
Tom has done everything he can.
Tom is coming back here as quick as he can.
Tom looked down at the ocean.
Tom looked out at the ocean.
I don't want you to say anything that you don't mean.
I still don't know what you mean.
Tom is an enormously gifted musician.
Tom made a speech in support of the plan.
I don't mind making a few changes to the plan.
It's a simple plan.
The police arrested the wrong man.
I know how difficult it's been.
Tom died when I was thirteen.
Tom's parents got divorced when he was thirteen.
Tom's parents died when he was thirteen.
I found this in the kitchen.
I don't know why the door was open.
Tom wanted to see what would happen.
I know exactly what'll happen.
Tom has been waiting to see what will happen.
I need information about what's going to happen.
I'm not able to have children.
Tom has been trying to find someone to take care of his children.
Tom wanted to hire Mary to take care of his children.
Tom wished he had more time to spend with his children.
I need to find someone who can take care of my children.
Tom saw Mary smiling at John.
The door opened and Tom walked in.
I'm not going to go there again.
Tom won't hurt himself again.
Tom may never be able to walk again.
I'll never play golf with Tom again.
I'll never go camping with Tom again.
I'll never go out with Tom again.
I'm never going to have to talk to Tom again.
I'm never going to talk to Tom again.
I really want to go to Boston again.
I'm afraid we'll have to start over again.
I don't think I can do this again.
I'm not going to do this again.
I promise I'll never do this again.
I recommend that you don't do that again.
I'm never going to complain about that again.
I won't be able to do it again.
I'm glad I got a chance to see you again.
I really want to kiss you again.
I'm not going to yell at you again.
I'll never be able to trust you again.
It's a little complicated to explain.
It's a little difficult to explain.
The doctor gave me something for the pain.
Tom looks like he's in pain.
Tom's hair is wet from the rain.
I don't know how long I can hold on.
I've got to find out what's going on.
I have a report I need to work on.
Tom jumped into the water with his clothes on.
Please leave the light on.
I promise I'll be nice to you from now on.
I'd like to get another opinion.
It was a simple decision.
Tom wanted me to meet him at the station.
It's a very complicated situation.
It's a tense situation.
I just wanted to see if you were paying attention.
Tom noticed Mary wasn't paying attention.
I'd like you to pay attention.
I still have a question.
Tom has agreed to help us find a solution.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind if you ate one of the cookies he baked this afternoon.
Tom will take a walk in the park this afternoon.
I don't think Tom is feeling very well this afternoon.
Tom wants me to help him this afternoon.
I have other things I want to do this afternoon.
I have a job interview tomorrow afternoon.
I found out that Tom was here yesterday afternoon.
Tom wanted to play tennis yesterday afternoon.
I don't think we can do it that soon.
Tom looked down at his weapon.
Tom is the closest thing I have to a son.
I have a thirteen-year-old son.
Tom wouldn't have married Mary if he'd known she had spent time in prison.
I thought you were in prison.
Tom's parents never visited him in prison.
Tom has spent the past three years in prison.
I don't think I know anyone named Tom Jackson.
Tom's real last name is Jackson.
Tom is a very practical person.
Tom has always been a very cheerful person.
I have a feeling you're going to like Boston.
Tom spends every weekend in Boston.
I'd really rather be in Boston.
Tom and I used to live in Boston.
I think Tom used to live in Boston.
I have a feeling I'm going to really like living in Boston.
Tom's only living relative is an uncle living in Boston.
I thought you were still in Boston.
I don't know how many times Tom has gone to Boston.
I've decided to move to Boston.
I've just decided to move to Boston.
I don't think Tom should go back to Boston.
Tom is going to go back to Boston.
I think we ought to go back to Boston.
I'm getting ready to go back to Boston.
I'm not going to let you go back to Boston.
Tom wanted to go to Boston.
I thought you were going to go to Boston.
I'm not so sure I want to go to Boston.
I'm not going to pretend that I don't want to go to Boston.
I'm really going to miss Tom when he moves to Boston.
Tom looked toward the horizon.
I'm sorry if I spoke out of turn.
I'm just trying to have a little fun.
Tom looks like he's having fun.
I don't think this is going to be much fun.
I'm not going to have any fun.
Tom is the only one who seems to be having any fun.
I have a permit for this gun.
I have a business to run.
Tom has been up since dawn.
You'll have to do that on your own.
That's a very generous offer, but I have to turn it down.
I'm afraid I have to turn you down.
Tom has more experience than I do.
I'm here to make sure you do what you said you'd do.
I'm just trying to get you do what you said you'd do.
I'm not sure what else I should do.
I'm afraid there is very little I can do.
I don't know what else I can do.
We've already done everything we can do.
I'm not sure what else I need to do.
I'm sure you have things you need to do.
There's something I really need to do.
I asked Tom what he wanted to do.
Tom wasn't able to do what he wanted to do.
I wish I had more time to do things that I really wanted to do.
I'm not sure that's what Tom really wanted to do.
I don't want to do what Tom asked me to do.
I did everything Tom wanted me to do.
I'm doing exactly what you told me to do.
I'm not sure I can do what you want me to do.
Tom couldn't come here today because he had something else to do.
I'll do what I have to do.
I don't know exactly what I'm going to do.
I have to let Tom know what he needs to do.
I'm sure Tom has other things to do.
I have no way of stopping Tom from doing whatever he wants to do.
I don't need to be told what to do.
I've been waiting for Tom to tell me what to do.
Tom has been telling everyone what to do.
I'm not sure I know what to do.
Tom would know what to do.
I'll bet Tom will know what to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't know what to do.
Tom seems to be the only one who doesn't know what to do.
I assume you know what to do.
I'm not sure I really know what to do.
I don't have time to do everything I want to do.
Tom doesn't want to say he did something he didn't do.
I know more than you do.
I don't like what Tom did any more than you do.
I don't like Tom any more than you do.
I don't like it any better than you do.
I'd really like to go.
I'm sorry, but I have to go.
I'm sorry, but I really have to go.
I don't know where I'm going to go.
We don't want Tom to go.
Tom said he didn't want to go.
Tom told us the reason why he didn't want to go.
I assume you don't want to go.
I think it's time for you to go.
I don't know why Tom didn't go.
I have to let you go.
Tom's visa expired three months ago.
Tom died in a plane crash three months ago.
I'm not the same person I was three years ago.
Tom is far better off than he was three years ago.
Tom is better off now than he was three years ago.
I have to help Tom and Mary move a piano.
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't want to go to the zoo.
I was willing to do it, but Tom said I didn't need to.
I don't like being lied to.
I'm beginning to think you don't like me as much as you used to.
I'll help you do that if you want me to.
I'm not the one you should be talking to.
I'm the one you should be listening to.
I don't know who Tom might've spoken to.
Tom doesn't want to do this, but he says he has to.
I'll be all right in a minute or two.
Tom is wearing my cap.
I was worried it was a trap.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to sleep.
I'm going to try to get back to sleep.
Tom is almost back to sleep.
I'm going to give you something to help you sleep.
Tom is half asleep.
I'm going to need a little help.
I don't think Tom is going to be too much help.
I don't think Tom needs very much help.
I'm not the one who volunteered to help.
I think I know who might be able to help.
Tom is doing everything possible to help.
I was only trying to help.
I'm going to do everything I can to help.
I'm afraid there is very little I can do to help.
I'm not sure what else I can do to help.
Tom is going to ask you to help.
Tom is going to try to help.
Tom is the one who asked for help.
Tom is going to need our help.
I don't think Tom is the one who needs help.
There's no way Tom could've done this without help.
I'm here because I thought you needed my help.
I'm not sure I can be of any help.
Tom didn't want to argue with Mary, so he let the matter drop.
Tom is pretty sharp.
Tom was supposed to come over this afternoon, but he never showed up.
Tom should've stayed and helped us clean up.
I think Mary looks better without makeup.
Tom wanted Mary to help him wash the car.
I think Tom used to own a Japanese car.
I don't think that we should buy such an expensive car.
Tom asked Mary when she had bought her car.
Tom is looking for a place to park his car.
Tom has decided not to sell his car.
We shouldn't have bought this car.
I thought you were going to buy that car.
It's a good thing I didn't buy that car.
Tom left his umbrella in my car.
Tom is only going to tell you what he thinks you want to hear.
Tom will probably be making more money than me this year.
Tom made a lot of money last year.
Tom is pretty good at playing the guitar.
Tom might know Mary's phone number.
I'm pretty sure I'll be in Boston in October.
Tom said he'll go to Boston in October.
Tom is pretty good at soccer.
Tom is a voracious reader.
Tom is carrying a duffel bag on his shoulder.
Tom looked over to his shoulder.
Tom is carrying a duffel bag over his shoulder.
I'm not a bartender.
I think you should try a little harder.
I think you ought to try a little harder.
Tom is going to have to study harder.
Tom has been charged with murder.
That's a very tempting offer.
Tom seems to be the only one here who doesn't think Mary would be a good manager.
I'm here to see the manager.
I'm looking for the manager.
I'm going to have to think about that a little longer.
I don't think we should stay here much longer.
I don't think we have to stay here any longer.
I'm not going to wait for Tom any longer.
I can't watch this any longer.
I'm not going to wait any longer.
Tom used to play the piano when he was younger.
I don't know when I've had a better hamburger.
Mary probably knows I like her.
Mary thinks I'm in love with her.
Tom is a good photographer.
Tom used to go fishing with his father.
Tom got some money from his father.
Tom and I used to play tennis together.
I don't like it either.
I'm not happy about it either.
I'll bet Tom doesn't know either.
Tom is carrying a gun in one hand and a knife in the other.
I'm not the one who yelled at your mother.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this any further.
Tom was tired, so he went to bed earlier.
Tom is a top-notch swimmer.
Tom is a very good customer.
I'll join you for dinner.
Tom often does his homework in the kitchen while his mother cooks dinner.
I thought you might like me to make you dinner.
Tom is now being held prisoner.
Tom has been taken prisoner.
I'll deal with that later.
Tom looked down into the water.
Tom looked out across the water.
I'm just going to put these flowers in some water.
I'd like a bottle of water.
I'd advise you to not drink that water.
Tom looked into the murky water.
Tom wouldn't let me date his daughter.
It's a private matter.
I'm definitely feeling better.
I think you can do better.
I think we could do better.
I'm not going to get better.
Tom wouldn't let me to read the letter.
Tom looked down at the letter.
I'm the one who wrote that letter.
Tom asked Mary how to turn off the computer.
Tom looks more determined than ever.
I'm going to go down to the river.
Tom asked Mary what time she wanted him to come over.
I'm glad this is all over.
I think the movie is almost over.
I still need an answer.
That's a question I can't answer.
I'm not leaving until I get what I came for.
I'm pretty sure we got everything we came for.
I think I'm the person you're looking for.
I don't think I'm the person you're looking for.
I'm not the person you're looking for.
I'm sure I'm not the person you're looking for.
I know what you're looking for.
This is what Tom has been waiting for.
I have a job interview I need to get ready for.
That's a pretty color.
I'm glad to see you still have your sense of humor.
Tom knocked on Mary's office door.
Tom's backpack is near the door.
Tom looked in the rearview mirror.
I'd like you to do me a favor.
I've come to ask you a favor.
Tom spends every weekend at his uncle's.
I'm not the person I was.
Tom asked Mary who her boyfriend was.
Tom asked Mary how old she was.
Tom asked Mary how tall she was.
Tom asked Mary who her French teacher was.
I don't know what kind of a car it was.
I'm not one of your employees.
I'm getting pretty tired of eating peanut butter sandwiches.
Tom is going to try to grow strawberries.
Tom has lived in three different countries.
Tom doesn't often get invited to parties.
Tom is willing to do whatever it takes.
I'm probably going to make a few mistakes.
Tom doesn't know all the rules.
I don't like it when people call me names.
I can read between the lines.
I can make no promises.
I'm not going to make excuses.
I'm going to be there in a few minutes.
I can be there in thirty minutes.
I'll be at your place in about thirty minutes.
Tom has a huge collection of knives.
Tom looked deep into Mary's eyes.
Tom got some shampoo in his eyes.
Tom wanted me to go to the supermarket to buy some bread and eggs.
Tom is having trouble remembering things.
Tom always complains about the way I do things.
Tom's mind seems to be on other things.
I've found out a few things.
I don't like the way Tom sings.
I've been divorced three months.
Tom has been out of work three months.
Tom has been out of town for the last three months.
Tom has been living with us for the last three months.
I'll be spending most of my time in Boston the next three months.
I don't think Tom even knows where he is.
Tom isn't the kind of person you think he is.
Tom isn't as old as you think he is.
Tom isn't as strong as you think he is.
Tom isn't as young as you think he is.
Tom isn't as good at speaking French as you think he is.
We'll never know who he is.
I'm going to find out what the problem is.
We don't know exactly where Tom is.
I don't care who your father is.
I don't think you understand how important this is.
I assume you know who that is.
I don't think this is as funny as you think it is.
I don't think this is what you think it is.
I don't know who it is.
I already know what it is.
Tom is dressed a bit more conservative today than he usually is.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary is.
Tom might know where Mary is.
I think you might want to read this.
I don't think you did this.
I don't know how much longer I stand this.
I don't know how much longer I can stand this.
I'm not sure I really understand this.
I don't think I can afford this.
I'm not supposed to let Tom see this.
I'm tired of living like this.
I have a feeling you're going to like this.
I need you to handle this.
Tom's the only one who could've done this.
It's been a long time since we've done this.
I'm getting pretty tired of this.
I don't like doing this.
I don't think we ought to be doing this.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this.
I don't think Tom will be using this.
I'm glad you're here to help me with this.
I don't know what I'm going to do with this.
I have no idea what to do with this.
I don't know how much longer I can put up with this.
I'm not going to let you get away with this.
I don't know why you're involved in this.
I really need to focus on this.
I don't think I can do this.
I don't think anyone can do this.
I've been ordered to do this.
I don't think that this is a good time to do this.
I'm the one who has to do this.
I forbid you to do this.
Tom might know how to do this.
I don't know exactly how to do this.
I think I could get used to this.
I'm not sure Tom is going to agree to this.
I'm really not in the mood for this.
I paid a lot of money for this.
I don't think I have the energy for this.
I don't think this is the time or place to discuss this.
I'm just no good at this.
I think you should look at this.
I have a feeling I'm going to regret this.
I assume you don't want this.
I want to know more about this.
I don't think we should be talking about this.
I don't know what I'm going to do about this.
I'm really nervous about this.
I'm fairly sure I'm right about this.
Tom's not going to be happy about this.
I'm not sure where to put this.
Tom wanted me to bring you this.
I don't think I can fix this.
I don't know how to fix this.
I'm really beginning to enjoy this.
I don't think we should buy this.
I've never been very good at tennis.
I don't like watching tennis with people who don't know anything about tennis.
It's a plausible diagnosis.
I just wanted to stop by and say thanks.
Maybe we should ask Tom what he thinks.
I think you ought to pay closer attention to details.
I'm the one who has to pay all the bills.
I don't like having to pay your bills.
I'll see you in my dreams.
I don't think you understand what this means.
I think I know what this means.
I'm afraid I have other plans.
I don't want you to change your plans.
Tom's wife is pregnant with twins.
Tom has been warned on several occasions.
I just wanted to ask you a few questions.
Tom has been living here three years.
I haven't been sick in over three years.
Tom has worked for us for three years.
Tom has been saying that for years.
Tom has been working here for over thirty years.
I'm pretty sure that what you want won't cost more than thirty dollars.
I don't understand why people are so afraid of spiders.
I've loved you since we were teenagers.
We might have to hire some new waiters.
Tom doesn't have any brothers or sisters.
I'll try and help you find the answers.
I'd advise you to lock your doors.
Tom has been up for hours.
Tom kept me waiting for more than three hours.
I don't think you'll have to wait for more than three hours.
I have to catch a plane in three hours.
Tom has been waiting in line for three hours.
Tom has been on the telephone for the past three hours.
I'll only be here for a few hours.
I'm only here for a few hours.
I'm probably going to be busy for a few hours.
Tom is having trouble keeping up with the rest of the class.
Tom is the most popular boy in the class.
Tom and I used to be in the same class.
Tom isn't going to pass his French class.
Tom is the best singer in our class.
Tom is the smartest student in our class.
I'm the one who has to clean up this mess.
I don't know a thing about running a business.
Tom sometimes goes to Boston on business.
I don't think this is any of your business.
Tom is regaining consciousness.
I seem to be making progress.
Tom seems to be making progress.
I don't think you have all the facts.
I paid a lot of money for these tickets.
Tom seemed disappointed with the results.
Tom first met Mary when they were college students.
Tom is always on time for appointments.
Tom is often late for appointments.
Tom used to steal money from his parents.
Tom doesn't want to be dependent on his parents.
Tom doesn't want to disappoint his parents.
I have to let Tom know when the meeting starts.
Tom and I used to go to a lot of concerts.
I appreciate your efforts.
I don't know how much the ticket costs.
I'm not supposed to eat peanuts.
Tom shouldn't eat peanuts.
Make sure Tom doesn't eat any peanuts.
Tom made coffee for all of us.
I'd like you to ride with us.
Tom may not agree with us.
I thought you wanted to come with us.
Tom isn't coming home with us.
Tom should be living at home with us.
I assume you don't want go swimming with us.
Tom should be coming with us.
It looks like Tom isn't interested in going with us.
Maybe we should take Tom with us.
It's a pity we can't take all of this with us.
Tom lives just across from us.
Tom isn't going to listen to us.
I don't know of anyone who can help us.
Tom just offered to help us.
I thought you were going to help us.
I don't know what I can say to Tom to convince him to help us.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to help us.
I don't know how I'm going to get Tom to help us.
Tom has done everything he can to help us.
I'm going to have to get the others to help us.
Tom may not even remember us.
Tom will take care of everything for us.
Tom sang a French song for us.
Tom sometimes makes dinner for us.
I have to do what I think is best for us.
I don't think anyone saw us.
I don't know why I was so nervous.
I have some great news.
Tom asked me if he could close the windows.
Tom has only been here three days.
Tom has been absent from work for three days.
Tom has been staying with us for the past three days.
I'm going to stay in Boston for a few days.
We all need to pay closer attention to what Tom says.
Tom said you have my keys.
I still need your help finding my keys.
Tom expected Mary to disagree with him, but she didn't.
Tom wanted Mary to cook him something to eat.
I really need to get something to eat.
I'm not used to this heat.
Tom has probably never eaten dog meat.
I'm the one who gave Tom that hat.
I don't like the way Tom did that.
I'll soon change that.
It's a little like that.
I don't think I can do anything like that.
I'm choosing to ignore that.
I don't think that you really believe that.
I kind of enjoyed doing that.
I don't think you should be doing that.
Tom shouldn't be doing that.
I have a lot of trouble doing that.
I don't think Tom has any intention of doing that.
I'm going to try my best to prevent Tom from doing that.
I don't think that we should even consider doing that.
I don't know why Tom's doing that.
I don't think I can help you with that.
I'm not sure I'll be able to help you with that.
I don't think we can risk that.
I'm afraid it's a bit more complicated than that.
It's a lot worse than that.
Next time, you'll need to do a lot better than that.
It looks like Tom isn't interested in that.
I don't know what made me think I could do that.
I don't think that we should do that.
I don't think Tom should do that.
I think I'm the person who should do that.
Tom doesn't think you should do that.
I'm not going to let Tom do that.
I don't believe I can do that.
I don't think we need to do that.
I don't need to do that.
I never wanted to do that.
I don't know if I'm allowed to do that.
I think I'm not allowed to do that.
I'm sure we'll be able to do that.
It's a crime to do that.
I don't know if I'll have the time to do that.
I don't think I have enough time to do that.
I don't think I'm going to do that.
Tom seems to be the only one who wants to do that.
I don't think Tom meant to do that.
I don't know why Tom would want to do that.
I've decided not to do that.
I've asked you not to do that.
I'm not going to ask you to do that.
I'm not sure it's a good idea for you to do that.
I'm not sure it's wise for you to do that.
I paid Tom a lot of money to do that.
I'd feel a lot better if we didn't do that.
I recommend that you don't do that.
I don't know why we let you do that.
I don't know if I can get used to that.
I don't think this is the time or place for that.
I don't think we have the time for that.
It's a little late for that.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks that.
I'd advise you to not eat that.
I'd really rather not eat that.
Tom wasn't supposed to tell Mary anything about that.
I don't know what we can do about that.
I don't know what to do about that.
I've got to make sure Tom doesn't tell Mary about that.
Tom is the one who talked to Mary about that.
Tom is going to talk to Mary about that.
I can promise you that.
I figured you already knew that.
I thought you were going to say that.
I think I'm going to enjoy that.
It's a well-known fact.
Tom is pretty good at changing the subject.
That's a frightening prospect.
I have someone here you might like to meet.
I'm fairly certain Tom lives on Park Street.
I know a great Italian restaurant on Park Street.
Tom is the person who owns the store across the street.
I'm going to need all the help I can get.
I'd appreciate it if you would be quiet.
I'm going to the supermarket.
I'm sure no one here stole your wallet.
I don't believe we've ever met.
Tom looked down at the carpet.
If you hadn't done that, Tom wouldn't have gotten upset.
I don't think I've ever seen you so upset.
Tom is extremely upset.
Tom isn't dead yet.
Tom isn't a millionaire yet.
I don't think I'm ready to leave yet.
I'm not ready to go back yet.
I don't know Tom well enough to dislike him yet.
Tom doesn't know all the rules yet.
I don't know if I'm ready to do this yet.
I don't think we should tell anybody about this yet.
I don't think we're ready to do that yet.
I don't think we should tell anybody just yet.
I'm glad you got a chance to talk to Tom before he left.
I thought Tom left.
Tom is probably trying to lose weight.
Tom is having trouble losing weight.
Tom looks like he's been up all night.
I was up late last night.
I just wanted to say thank you for last night.
Maybe we shouldn't have gone to Tom's party last night.
I'll see you tomorrow night.
Tom doesn't always go to bed before midnight.
I really want to eat Chinese food tonight.
Tom is going to come back here tonight.
I have a big date tonight.
I have a report to write tonight.
I have plans with Tom tonight.
I don't think we'll be able to hang out together tonight.
I want to take you out to dinner tonight.
I'm going over to Tom's tonight.
Tom is going to call you tonight.
I really need to study tonight.
I'll ask Tom about Mary tonight.
I heard that Tom won't be at your party tonight.
I just wanted to make sure you were all right.
I'm afraid I was right.
I just wanted to make sure I was right.
I'm going to do what I believe is right.
I've got to do what I believe is right.
I'm doing what I think is right.
It's a nice thought.
The situation is much worse than we thought.
That's a frightening thought.
That's a horrifying thought.
I don't think you need it.
Tom's phone rang, but he ignored it.
I did everything the same way Tom did it.
I already know who did it.
Tom doesn't want to open the box, but he wants to know what's inside it.
I'm glad that you could make it.
I have no idea who might've done it.
The price is kind of high, but it's worth it.
I'm going to risk it.
If Tom had tried harder, he would've been able to do it.
I did everything the way Tom told me to do it.
I have a great deal to do and very little time to do it.
Tom promised to show me how to do it.
Tom admitted that he didn't know how to do it.
I really think this is the best way to do it.
I don't know how you do it.
I'll get used to it.
I'll do my best to stop it.
Tom is extremely handsome and he knows it.
I don't know what can be done about it.
I think we should talk about it.
I don't know what you expect me to do about it.
I'm going to fix it.
I know exactly how to fix it.
I think we should try it.
I don't know how much longer we'll need to wait.
I wonder how long we'll have to wait.
I'll go see how much longer we'll have to wait.
I don't deserve all the credit.
I'm afraid it's entirely my fault.
I know this will be difficult.
Tom can be a little difficult.
I don't think that's what Tom meant.
I'm pretty sure that isn't what Tom meant.
I'm going to let you do whatever you want.
Tom lost his parents in a traffic accident.
Tom was almost killed in the accident.
Tom is still a high school student.
Tom said we should be patient.
Tom is getting a little impatient.
That's a definite improvement.
Tom remained quiet for a moment.
It was a tense moment.
This is a nice apartment.
Tom forgot to pay his rent.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't so different.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he went.
I think it's time you went.
Tom looks like he's about to faint.
I'm trying to make a point.
All right, Tom, you've made your point.
I was supposed to buy some milk on my way home, but I forgot.
I'm tired of hearing you call Tom an idiot.
Tom and I used to argue a lot.
Tom's car is in the parking lot.
I don't know Tom well enough to know whether I like him or not.
I don't know if I can do that or not.
Tom is barefoot.
I won't put you on the spot.
I don't know anything about art.
I missed the beginning of the concert.
It's a shame you're going to miss the concert.
I got us two tickets to Tom's concert.
Tom looked down at his shirt.
Tom said he paid thirty dollars for that shirt.
I'm going to have to cut this short.
Tom is awfully short.
Tom is very short.
Tom is alone in his office, writing a report.
I don't think Tom is the one who wrote this report.
I just wanted to thank you for your support.
We don't want Tom to get hurt.
Tom is eating breakfast.
I have to do what I think is best.
Tom promised to do his best.
Tom looks like he could use some rest.
I think Tom might have cheated on the test.
Tom barely managed to pass the test.
Tom wasn't able to pass the test.
Tom is a freelance journalist.
Tom is an excellent guitarist.
I don't think this is the one I lost.
I don't know who we can trust.
I don't know yet, but I mean to find out.
I don't know yet, but I plan to find out.
I'm not going to wait to find out.
I'm counting on you to help me out.
Tom looks like he's going to pass out.
The elevator opened and Tom got out.
I'm going to help you out.
I have some old clothes I'm going to throw out.
I'm not sure I know what you're talking about.
I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about.
I have absolutely no idea what Tom's talking about.
I'm sure you guys have a lot to talk about.
I'm sure you have a lot to think about.
I don't know what it was about.
I have no idea what this is about.
I'll never treat you the way Tom treated you.
I underestimated you.
I'm so sorry that I doubted you.
I'm not sure what I've done to offend you.
Tom may have misunderstood you.
Tom will be delighted to see you.
A boy named Tom came to see you.
Tom is here to see you.
I was just coming to see you.
Tom wasn't expecting to see you.
Tom really does like you.
Tom must've been a lot like you.
I'm sorry if I woke you.
Tom isn't going to leave you.
I just wanted to say I don't believe you.
I've never loved anyone as much as I love you.
I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
I'm proud of each and every one of you.
I'm the one who'll take care of you.
I need a word with you.
I'd like a word with you.
Tom would like a word with you.
I intend to come with you.
I'd like to stay here with you.
I'd rather stay here with you.
I have no interest in going fishing with you.
I don't think I want to study French with you.
I have someone here who'd like to speak with you.
Tom isn't going back with you.
Maybe you can get Tom to run the marathon with you.
I don't intend to go to Boston with you.
I've decided not to go to Boston with you.
Tom isn't going to break up with you.
I'm willing to discuss the matter with you.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this matter with you.
There are a lot of things I want to discuss with you.
You can't go yet. There are a lot of things I want to discuss with you.
I haven't been totally honest with you.
I'd much rather stay with you.
I don't know how I can ever thank you.
I have a couple of questions I need to ask you.
There's something I think I should tell you.
Tom wouldn't steal from you.
Tom wants me to stay away from you.
I can run much faster than you.
I don't know anybody who does that better than you.
I'd be delighted to join you.
I have my eye on you.
I know I can count on you.
I'm so sorry that I lied to you.
I'm sorry for what I said to you.
Tom says he regrets having been rude to you.
I feel very close to you.
Tom left his entire estate to you.
Tom, I need to talk to you.
I'll listen to you.
I never could say no to you.
I'm sorry I can't be of more help to you.
I would never do that to you.
I'm here because I think I can help you.
I'm pretty sure we can help you.
I'm not supposed to help you.
Tom wanted me to help you.
I've done everything I can to help you.
I'm trying to figure out how to help you.
I'm trying to figure out a way to help you.
Of course I remember you.
Tom left some money on the table for you.
I'll try to make things as easy as possible for you.
I promise I'll try to make things as easy as possible for you.
I'm glad I could do something for you.
Tom must be looking for you.
I believe Tom is looking for you.
Mary isn't the right girl for you.
Tom isn't the right man for you.
I'm not sure what else I can do for you.
I'm here to see if there's anything I can do for you.
I'll clean it up for you.
I don't like having to make excuses for you.
Tom still has feelings for you.
Tom, I'm doing this for you.
Tom must've left this for you.
I'll clean up this mess for you.
I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.
I'm afraid we have some bad news for you.
I don't mind doing that for you.
I know Tom misses you.
I'm going to kiss you.
I feel like I want to kiss you.
I'm still a little mad at you.
Tom sent me here to protect you.
Tom was trying to protect you.
Tom was only trying to protect you.
I'll do everything I can to protect you.
Tom really wants to meet you.
Tom sent me to get you.
Tom sent me over to get you.
I'm trying to remember the first time I met you.
I have a feeling you're not going to like the gift Tom got you.
I'm not going to allow anybody to hurt you.
I would never hurt you.
I think I can really trust you.
Tom has been complaining about you.
I've heard so much about you.
I've heard all about you.
Tom has been saying good things about you.
I don't know what I would've done without you.
I don't know what we would've done without you.
I don't know what I would do without you.
I don't know if I can do this without you.
Tom isn't going to marry you.
Tom was amused by what he saw.
I'd appreciate it if you would open a window.
Tom looked in through the window.
I have no idea who might've broken the window.
I'm here to fix the broken window.
Tom looked out the open window.
Tom looked out the front window.
Tom is feeling OK now.
Maybe we should go home now.
I really want to go home now.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave now.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave now.
I have to find Tom now.
Tom may not even be in Boston now.
I'm fairly sure Tom is in Boston now.
I don't know what I'm going to do now.
I think it's over now.
I don't have a choice. I have to do this now.
I'd really rather not talk about this now.
It's a little late for that now.
I don't think that's a good idea right now.
Tom is probably looking for me right now.
I'm sort of in the middle of something right now.
I'm the only one who can help Tom right now.
I really have to do this right now.
I'm really not in the mood for this right now.
I don't think we should be talking about this right now.
I'm sorry, I can't talk about this right now.
Tom is probably listening to us right now.
I don't think I have time to explain it right now.
I have to speak with you right now.
It's a lot different now.
I'm just too tired to help you now.
Tom has probably already gone to bed by now.
I thought Tom would be awake by now.
Tom should've finished his homework by now.
Tom should've arrived in Boston by now.
I thought Tom would be asleep by now.
I don't mind telling you what I know.
If you lie to me, I'll know.
There's something I think you need to know.
I'm not allowed to tell you what you want to know.
I don't like talking to people I don't know.
I can't tell you where Tom is because I don't know.
It's still a little early for snow.
I'm not going to be here tomorrow.
Tom will go to Boston tomorrow.
I'm afraid I may not be able to help you tomorrow.
Tom looked in the cardboard box.
Tom checks his blood pressure twice a day.
I think it was a good day.
I'm not usually here this time of day.
I'm tired of eating the same thing every day.
I think I could get used to seeing you every day.
I'm sorry I missed your party last Friday.
Tom has decided not to stay until Monday.
I promise I'll come by to see you on Monday.
I don't think I can help you on Monday.
Tom is probably going to be busy on Monday.
Tom has been missing since last Monday.
Tom has been absent since last Monday.
Tom will be back by Monday.
Tom looks tired today.
Tom doesn't want to eat Italian food today.
I don't think we should go outside today.
I really had a good time today.
I don't think Tom is coming back here today.
Tom isn't here today.
I never saw Tom before today.
I can't be late today.
I thought you were off today.
Tom has probably already been to the bank today.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be at school today.
I heard that Tom wasn't at school today.
I really want to see Tom today.
I recommend that you don't talk to Tom today.
Tom doesn't think banks are open today.
I don't think it's going to rain today.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this today.
Tom wasn't paying attention in class today.
It's a pity Tom isn't able to be with us today.
It's a pity Tom isn't with us today.
I have no intention of doing that today.
I'm not going to do that today.
Tom is going to try to talk to Mary about that today.
I have a feeling it's going to snow today.
I'm probably going to have to leave work a little early today.
I was wondering if I could go home early today.
Tom asked me if he could go home early today.
I'm going to have to go home early today.
Tom is going to want to talk to you about what happened yesterday.
I'm sorry for the way I acted yesterday.
I'm sorry I couldn't be here yesterday.
I think I know why Tom wasn't at school yesterday.
I met one of your old girlfriends yesterday.
I wonder how much we'll have to pay.
I promised Tom I'd listen to what he had to say.
I'm not sure that's what Tom really wanted to say.
I don't know exactly what to say.
I don't believe anything you say.
I don't think we should stay.
I don't know how much longer I can stay.
I don't know how much longer I'll be allowed to stay.
I'm not sure it's wise for me to stay.
I'm sorry if I got in the way.
Tom was careful not to get in Mary's way.
Tom isn't the only one who feels that way.
Tom didn't go into the room right away.
I have to tell Tom about this right away.
I never listen to Tom anyway.
Tom said you might be coming by.
Tom told me you'd stop by.
I'll let you know when I'm ready.
Tom is thirty minutes late already.
Tom was careful not to get his shoes muddy.
Tom swore he wasn't going to say anything to anybody.
I'm as surprised as anybody.
I'm not in it for the money.
Tom was only trying to save a little money.
I have lots of money.
Tom is going to have to start saving money.
I don't think this will be enough money.
Tom said you stole my money.
I'm not going to lend you any money.
It's a little late for an apology.
Tom looked out the window at the sky.
I have to speak with you immediately.
I must speak with you immediately.
Tom wouldn't harm a fly.
I'm not from a rich family.
I'm pretty sure I'll get used to this eventually.
Tom should've driven more carefully.
I've learned to listen carefully.
Tom said he had to go home early.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind if you left early.
I'm not sure I really know how to do it correctly.
I'm not in the mood for company.
It's a little bit funny.
I won't be at the opening ceremony.
I'm beginning to feel a little sleepy.
Tom looks like he's sleepy.
Tom's not going to be happy.
I don't think I've ever seen you so happy.
Tom looks like he's happy.
I smiled and pretended I was happy.
I don't want you to think I'm unhappy.
Tom leaned down and kissed Mary.
Tom took another step toward Mary.
Tom turned around to face Mary.
Tom knows how to deal with people like Mary.
Tom doesn't know how to deal with people like Mary.
I think I know why Tom doesn't like Mary.
Tom has been telling everyone you hate Mary.
Tom has been accused of murdering Mary.
Tom reached out to touch Mary.
Tom thinks I'm in love with Mary.
Tom will do anything to avoid arguing with Mary.
Tom goes to school with Mary.
Tom went to school with Mary.
I don't like the idea of Tom going out with Mary.
I can understand why Tom wouldn't want you to go to Boston by with Mary.
Tom wants me to stay away from Mary.
Tom is a few years older than Mary.
Tom says he's never seen Mary.
I don't think Tom ever talked to Mary.
Maybe we shouldn't have told Tom about what happened to Mary.
Tom never even said goodbye to Mary.
Tom says he'll only speak to Mary.
Tom is going to have to talk to Mary.
Tom has probably already mentioned that to Mary.
Tom pretended he didn't hear Mary.
Tom never stopped looking for Mary.
Tom said he's looking for Mary.
Tom took a step towards Mary.
Tom doesn't want to admit how much he misses Mary.
Tom said he tried to kiss Mary.
Tom was extremely mad at Mary.
Tom looked back and smiled at Mary.
Tom pretended not to know Mary.
Tom's medical expenses are being paid for by Mary.
Tom made up his mind to marry Mary.
I'm not sure this is necessary.
Tom looks like he's going to cry.
I'm trying very hard not to cry.
Tom has been charged with assault and battery.
Tom is still a little angry.
Tom doesn't want to say anything that might make Mary angry.
I'm beginning to feel a little hungry.
Tom was caught trying to steal jewelry.
That was a heartwarming story.
It was a fascinating story.
It's a very long story.
I don't know what to say other than I'm sorry.
I just wanted to say that I'm sorry.
I'm moving across the country.
I'm sure it'll be easy.
I don't think it's going to be that easy.
I'm afraid it's not going to be that easy.
I have a feeling it's not going to be that easy.
I'll go see if Tom is busy.
It's a rare opportunity.
I appreciate this opportunity.
Tom was found not guilty.
Tom asked me if I could stay and help him clean up after the party.
We shouldn't have told Tom about the party.
I don't think we should go to Tom's party.
It's a good thing you didn't go to Tom's party.
I don't think there's going to be any food left by the time we get to Tom's party.
I'm fairly certain Tom isn't planning to be at Mary's party.
Tom wasn't at Mary's party.
Tom's the only one who wasn't at Mary's party.
Tom was disappointed that Mary didn't come to his party.
Tom was surprised when Mary showed up at his party.
I don't think I'm going to like this party.
Tom became a French teacher when he was thirty.
I don't see anything here that I want to buy.
I don't need to tell you how important this is, do I?
Why did Tom decide to quit his job?
Tom, can I see you a sec?
Would you like some bread?
Is Tom left-handed?
Would you tell Tom that Mary phoned?
How do you plan to spend your weekend?
How did you spend last weekend?
Why are you in such a bad mood?
Why are you in such a good mood?
Did you see the look on Tom's face?
Do you think Tom followed Mary's advice?
Tom didn't go shopping yesterday, did he?
Tom wasn't at school yesterday, was he?
Doesn't Tom always wear a tie?
How do you know this isn't a fake?
How did you know Tom would lie to me?
What's Tom's real name?
Mr. Jackson, what's your first name?
How long will Tom be gone?
Will you give Tom this envelope?
Does Tom know why you're here?
Does Tom know why he's coming here?
Why is Tom not here?
How do you know Tom is going be there?
Why would he want to go there?
Where do you want me to put these?
Why is Tom selling his house?
What makes you think what Tom said isn't true?
How did Tom find out where I live?
Why would you do such a thing?
Why are you in such a bad mood this evening?
Do you still think Tom doesn't know what he's doing?
Does Tom think he'll be able to attend the meeting?
Why are you pretending you can't understand French?
Why is Tom studying French?
Why did Tom decide to study French?
It's a little cold for a swim, don't you think?
It's a little late for that, don't you think?
How do you know this isn't real?
How do you plan to handle this problem?
Would you like some tea, Tom?
Do you want anything, Tom?
What exactly are you saying, Tom?
Well, what's the problem, Tom?
Is there anything you can't do, Tom?
Well, what are you waiting for, Tom?
Would you do me a favor, Tom?
Would you pass the peas, Tom?
Isn't that the girl who married Tom?
Will you give this envelope to Tom?
Why are we lying to Tom?
Shouldn't we wait for Tom?
Don't you recognize that man?
Do you think Tom saw Mary kissing John?
Would you ask Tom to come in?
How do we avoid making the same mistake again?
Does Tom understand what's going on?
How did you arrive at that conclusion?
Have you found a solution?
Can you look after my kids this afternoon?
How long did Tom stay in Boston?
Why is Tom planning to move to Boston?
Is it true that Tom is going to Boston?
Why did Tom go to Boston?
What makes you think that I know how to do this any better than you do?
What else can I do to help?
How do I know you're not just making this up?
Why are you pretending you don't remember?
Do Tom and Mary know each other?
How did you spend your summer?
How do I know you're not an imposter?
What did Tom get you for Christmas?
Were any of those kids Tom's classmates?
How do you usually handle a situation like this?
How do you plan to handle this?
Tom, could you take care of this?
How could you let Tom do this?
How did you find the time to do this?
What makes you think I want this?
How did you find the time to read so many books?
What's Tom's address?
Why would anyone try to stop us?
Would you please stop doing that?
How do you expect us to do that?
Why did Tom not tell me about that?
Why did Tom give you that?
How do you know it was Tom who stole your wallet?
Is Tom going to be at the party tonight?
That guy's name wouldn't be Tom, would it?
Your name wouldn't be Tom Jackson, would it?
What makes you think you won't be able to do it?
Now, that wasn't so bad, was it?
This isn't too hard for you, is it?
Do you want to do business or not?
Where were you when I needed you?
What makes you think I like you?
What makes you think I don't like you?
Did Tom borrow money from you?
Did Tom borrow any money from you?
You don't like me much, do you?
You don't want to go with Tom, do you?
You don't have any kids, do you?
Do I look like Tom to you?
Why do I have to give this to you?
What else can I get for you?
How do I know it's you?
You do trust me, don't you?
You do remember Tom, don't you?
How did Tom find out it was me who broke the window?
How do I know you're not lying to me right now?
Did Tom really think I didn't know?
Do you think I can borrow your car next Monday?
Why are you in such a bad mood today?
What makes you think Tom won't come today?
Why do I have to go to school today?
Why did Tom not go to school today?
Was Tom at school today?
How long did Tom work yesterday?
Are you sure what we just saw was a monkey?
Are you sure what we just saw wasn't a monkey?
Would you like to know why?
Do you think Tom kissed Mary?
Does Tom still keep in touch with Mary?
How long did Tom go out with Mary?
Do you think Tom talked to Mary?
Does Tom still have feelings for Mary?
Do you think Tom saw Mary?
Can you help us decorate for the party?
The controversial proposal has caused an intense war of words between the two opposing parties.
Would you carry this up to the second floor for me?
Would you carry this down to the second floor for me?
Please push up the lever.
Things are often not as bad as they first seem.
Tom's hand swelled up and went purple after he was bitten by something in the garden.
Tom walks his dog for an hour a day, irrespective of the weather.
Tom wore his best suit to his job interview.
Tom arrived at the airport several hours before his flight was due to depart.
Mary welcomed Tom with open arms after he'd been abroad for several weeks.
The magistrate disqualified himself from hearing the case because of a conflict of interest.
It's a table.
It's a computer.
It's a cellphone.
It's a copybook.
It's a pen.
Go there and talk to him.
Go there and talk to her.
Do as many questions as possible.
I don't have a nickname.
Nice to meet you too.
Thanks for coming!
Guys, thanks a lot for coming today!
See you next class.
I like to play poker.
The car continued to accelerate.
Her good looks gained her the favor of many men.
Pretty soon you will stop thinking of her.
On his nose grew a small pimple.
I went home to change clothes.
She waited and waited, but he never returned.
Eternal love doesn't exist.
Cardboard is well suited for making model houses.
I used cardboard to make this box.
I think everybody should learn another language.
I went to an Italian pizzeria.
A short movie will be shown during the opening ceremony.
My name's Ricardo, and you?
That's my coat.
They are reading a book.
The world's evil almost always comes from ignorance.
They have a secret understanding between them.
We should help each other.
When he finished speaking, he stood up and walked away.
Child, why are you crying? Tell me.
We need help in fixing our broken marriage.
I did everything I could to obtain this price.
I am suddenly in awe of you!
I did everything I could to obtain this prize.
Where can I find a pizzeria?
Tom likes soft drinks.
My English is not good enough to explain my trouble.
Do you think your French is good enough to explain the problem?
Oh no! Our patient is dead.
My English is at intermediate level.
I can speak Irish with reasonable fluency.
I can read and write English without any problems.
He just came back from the library.
The smoothing trowel is a tool for plasterers, tilers and masons.
A plasterer is a craftsman who applies plaster on walls.
Turpan is indeed very hot. Even the government is unable to control the temperature.
China is perhaps the only country in the world where the temperature is controlled by the government.
I've been looking for love for so long.
Tom's boss's behaviour smacked of crass arrogance.
Change can sometimes be difficult, but it can also open up new opportunities and be a means of personal growth and development.
Don't eat too much and disrupt the stomach's normal digestion process.
As the saying goes: Speech is silver, silence is gold.
I like to walk aimlessly.
Tom told me an incredible story.
I prefer the mountains to the ocean.
I don't quite understand what you want to say.
I greeted the students with a handshake.
You'll protect me, won't you?
This is inadmissible.
"What's for dinner tonight?" "We'll be having takeout from your favorite Chinese restaurant."
It was a pleasure for me to speak with you.
The roast lamb is very good.
Mary, are you all right, honey?
Six seismologists were convicted of manslaughter in Italy after they had failed to predict an earthquake.
Tom and Mary live in a rental house.
Tom ate some beans and a tortilla.
Tom lives in a luxurious home.
I'll stay longer next time.
Tom lives in a wealthy neighborhood.
Welcome to our country!
Thank you for your visit.
Come see me again.
Our business is expanding.
Do you have a lot of things to do today?
Mary pushed her hair away from her face.
It costs a lot to attend this school.
It's a portrait of my deceased father.
The room was dark and cold.
My mother just went shopping.
We don't know what tomorrow will bring.
We're too tired to study.
Is there a bank around here?
What is your commission?
Both of her sons died in the war.
This word is new to me.
My apartment was burglarized last week.
Since you all say that, I must think again.
He has worked in Hanoi before.
In a month, the weather won't be as hot as it is now.
If you already know, why are you still asking?
He's still here in the classroom studying.
We must work hard to complete the project.
Tom leapt off his horse.
Before understanding the situation clearly, he hastily gave his opinion.
This kind of cloth is both cheap and sturdy.
Tom plays the xylophone.
The sun will become a red giant in about billion years.
I'm not going to pass out.
"Mary, you have to trust me." "I don't trust you!"
Would you give me a hand here?
Mary felt vulnerable.
Tom took out a notepad.
The chief minister of Maharashtra is Devendra Fadnavis.
Lakshadweep is a union territory of India.
The region called Azad Kashmir in Pakistan is called Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir in India.
Babur established the Mughal Empire.
Babur, Humayun, Akbar, Jahangir, Shah Jahan and Aurangzeb are considered the most important Mughal emperors.
Konkani is spoken in Maharashtra, Goa and Karnataka.
Shivaji founded the Maratha Empire, and his first Peshwa was Moropant Pingle.
Babur's full name was Zahir-ud-din Muhammad Babur.
Raigad was the first capital of the Maratha Empire.
Dengue is spread by Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
In 1996, the name of Victoria Terminus was changed to Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus.
The Sikh Empire was established in by Ranjit Singh.
The national anthems of both India and Bangladesh were written by Rabindranath Tagore.
The Indian National Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party are the most prominent political parties in India.
Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka are the eight members of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation.
Aksai Chin is claimed by India, but controlled by China.
The official languages of the United Nations are Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian and Spanish.
The Durrani Empire defeated the Marathas at the Third Battle of Panipat.
The Durrani Empire was established in Afghanistan by Ahmad Shah Durrani in 1747.
The residents of Mumbai are called Mumbaikars.
The Vedas were written in Sanskrit.
In the Rig Veda, Agni is the god of fire.
Hyderabad was ruled by a nizam until 1948.
Many Hindus consider Sanskrit to be the language of the gods.
It'll only take a minute.
I want a blanket.
What questions do you have about Turkey?
You're a rogue, Tom.
You're a prankster, Tom.
You're a mischief, Tom.
Tom went guarantor for his son's car loan.
Tom took heaps of photos on his holiday.
This is a letter.
Tom's strategy for language learning is to throw everything against the wall and see what sticks.
Tired of banging his head against a brick wall, Tom decided to take Mary's suggestion.
Despite their truth, sayings like "carpe diem", "live for yourself" and "know your worth" have degenerated into cliches for justifying rudeness, oddness, and apathy, at the hands of TV personalities and columnists. That is what is called "educated ignorance".
You were a prison guard for ten years.
You were a prison warden for ten years.
What shall we do next?
I don't know and don't want to know.
I leaned out of the window.
I fixed a small leak in the roof of her shed.
The water was still slowly leaking out.
There's been a gas leak.
He made sure the story was leaked to the media.
He bought a guard dog to keep out intruders.
I want to change my appearance.
Important guests arrive tomorrow.
Kimchi is a traditional Korean food.
I forgot your number.
"Are you ready to die for your ideals?" "Not only that! I'm willing to live for them."
They are sculpting a statue out of marble.
They're reluctant to accept anything new.
I just flew back from Marseille.
I regret to say that this is unknown to me.
First I should go home and change my clothes.
I wish you the best!
I like to travel by ship.
The world population reached one billion for the first time in 1804.
I would like to go back in time to see what the dinosaurs looked like.
I'm older than you. You have to listen to me.
In 1957, the Soviet Union sent a female dog named Laika into space.
Laika was the first animal to orbit the Earth.
Laika died when Sputnik burned out in the atmosphere.
I knew from his tone how much he hated me.
Tom has been sober for ten years.
"Nooo!" yelled Mary as Tom spilled her glass of milk.
Rosetta was built by the European Space Agency.
Rosetta will try to land on a comet in a few hours.
The scientific name of dog is "Canis familiaris".
Without science, there is no future.
Do you agree that almost all Baroque composers wrote for the flute?
I did everything to become your friend.
A purple boat was arriving, drifting in the gulf.
Have you ever seen a cat who can play Mozart?
I respect the mister's point of view.
The express train will take you between major cities non-stop.
The express train is moving down the track.
The man is making a telephone call.
The blue telephone is on the table.
The Brits now say they have great cooks, but they can't even make a sandwich anymore.
The straits were too narrow for the cruise ship.
The man is hiking on a narrow path.
We studied about King Henry VIII in our history class today.
Tom nervously checked the text messages on his phone, fearing that he might have sent inappropriate images or texts when he was drunk the night before.
Many people put too much personal information on social media.
Tom spends his working day listening to peoples' problems and providing advice on how best they can deal with them.
Investigators found that the company had continued to trade while insolvent in the months leading up to its collapse.
Tomorrow I'll start building a garden tool shed.
Bike sheds are useful.
Tom has attained a level of English close to that of a native speaker.
Tom is eager to impart his knowledge.
That's an even bigger waste of time.
Snow hares have a nice fur.
We're somewhat late.
We're kind of late.
Don't forget me!
He didn't go to school because he was ill.
She didn't go to school because she was ill.
How much did these sunglasses cost?
If I were in your place, I would call the doctor.
He was ill for a week.
She was ill for a week.
You can stay here all night if you want.
Are you studying English every day?
He wrote her a friendly response.
She wrote him a friendly response.
He wrote him a friendly response.
She wrote her a friendly response.
These are steps of a revolutionary nature.
Wouldn't you want to remember Tom always in this fashion?
He didn't engage in petty polemics.
Tom was in his top form.
The public has been tremendously impressed by Tom.
This image is being shaken for the first time.
What matters is the way the public perceives you.
Tom's prestige is also being eroded.
One speech, one particular stance, one wrong statement can change everything all of a sudden.
May I borrow your telephone?
Is it OK if I borrow your telephone?
I am very scared.
Maria is rather sweet.
Safety always comes first.
Have you studied abroad?
Choose a password that is easy to remember but difficult to guess.
The typhoon is increasing in strength.
How did you know that I was Canadian?
I have big hands.
I must sleep now.
Due to a cold, I've lost my voice.
Don't eat like a pig!
Are you at the library?
This means war!
This word means several different things.
It will mean a lot for the village.
It means that he likes you.
Will she be able to pick up the gauntlet?
Will you be able to pick up the gauntlet?
Do you remember when her birthday is?
I can't stand this noise anymore.
I played tennis the whole day.
We're meeting at the station at nine o'clock.
One day I found a book there.
He loved to travel.
That isn't a knife. THIS is a knife!
It's rather cold.
You shouldn't leave the child alone.
I am from Tokyo, Japan.
He had thought to marry her.
He gave me coffee even though I had asked for tea.
It's ten to eight in the morning.
I didn't know how I should answer his question.
A moment's doubt can cost a pilot her life.
I haven't seen him in a few years.
I don't know when mom is coming home.
Mornin', time to wake up.
Mornin'!
I'm somewhat dizzy.
We don't need a new international auxiliary language. The English language already fills that role.
The tickets cost yen apiece.
She kissed me all of a sudden.
Don't just stand there - say something!
You may not do it.
Atom bombs are a danger to mankind.
Unfortunately, I can't come tonight.
It is frightfully expensive.
I like coffee more than black tea.
Compared to her, I'm very impractical.
A moment's doubt can cost a pilot his life.
I forgot that today was Saturday.
The room was empty for quite a while.
Let's meet in front of the main entrance at two-thirty.
They began to develop a new industrial site near the river.
His wife has a lovely figure.
Write to the manufacturer if the machine develops the same fault again.
We had hopes of developing tourism on a big scale.
This discovery has been exploited to the detriment of the poor peasants.
Meeting new people is one of the pleasures of traveling.
Never again!
If there are a lot of possessive pronouns in the Russian text, you can be sure that it's a bad translation from the English.
Yamamoto is one of my friends too.
Surely he'll phone me tonight.
Ken has many more books than you.
I eagerly await hearing your opinion on this subject.
Tuesday evening we all panicked.
First, let us take a look at the situation.
If that is the real aim, naturally I would not know about that.
Bringing terrorism to an end via the economy was a most wise policy.
Don't leave us to our fate.
Please, let somebody hear our voice.
Believe me, the purpose of that is not understandable.
Little by little the car gained speed.
He'll call me around six.
Tom should be home by now.
I did everything I could to be your friend.
I'm sorry but I don't speak Esperanto very well.
Do you believe this has any use?
He lives in a rented room.
I don't know what her name is.
That was a good experience.
Tom's so unfit he couldn't run out of sight on a dark night.
Tom was just out of earshot and could only make out a few words of what was being said.
Mary's phone kept cutting out and she couldn't make out what Tom was trying to tell her.
I'm glad that it can be interpreted.
If you turn right, City Hall will be right in front of you.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary wants to go with us.
Rosetta's probe, Philae, has successfully landed on the comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko.
I asked her what happened, but she wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom what had happened, but he wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom what happened, but he wouldn't tell me.
I didn't expect to run into you in a place like this.
Nobody knows what happened to her.
Nobody knows what happened to him.
My Internet connection isn't fast enough.
The criminal tried to cover his tracks.
What is the poorest country in the European Union?
My nails are too short.
Is the poorest country in the European Union poorer than the poorest state in the United States?
Is the richest country in the European Union richer than the richest state in the United States?
We ate tilapia and rice.
Some countries in Europe are not part of the European Union.
The deputies are beating inmates.
The correctional officer beat an inmate.
I invited a Chinese friend to my apartment.
She's fond of inviting close friends to her house.
Don't buy me any more presents!
We're not getting dressed.
How much is your commission?
Oh luck! Like the moon you change; steadily you wax and then wane again.
His cell phone is off.
The author is also an outstanding humorist.
Where are your children?
One milliard adults are illiterate.
A milliard adults are illiterate.
A thousand million adults are illiterate.
One thousand million adults are illiterate.
There are thousands of millions of stars in the universe.
There are milliards of stars in the universe.
Fifteen milliard euros must be saved over the course of the next four years.
Fifteen thousand million euros must be saved over the course of the next four years.
We met a man named Tom.
I heard a song called "Apologize" on the radio.
He himself decided to go there alone.
Is your sister here?
I'll go to bed before pm.
He goes to university.
Be careful, it's a dangerous junction!
Which lane would you recommend?
Take a step back and decide whether that's really what you want to do.
When she told you her plan, were you taken aback?
I ate with my parents.
Don't look at me that way, or I'll fall even deeper in love with you.
Wisdom was not created from books, but books were created from wisdom.
Who did you hear that rumour from?
From whom did you hear that rumour?
Who did you hear that rumor from?
Who was that you were just talking to?
I can't remember where I first met him.
I can't remember where I first met her.
How old is the oldest one?
I know what your name is.
I applauded.
Many criminals in the United States are addicted to drugs.
James, while John had had “had”, had had “had had”; “had had” had had a better effect on the teacher.
Eat!
Food!
Does she have a family?
If you're not going I'm not going either.
Does he have a family?
I'm going to correct the homework tomorrow.
Is this his umbrella?
Is this her umbrella?
I may grow old, but I refuse to grow up.
Is that her umbrella?
Is that his umbrella?
Is that your umbrella?
The best thing about playing an instrument you invented, no one knows if you suck or not.
You owe me a new keyboard that isn't full of coffee.
We are too busy at the moment.
We can't solve this problem.
We're not able to solve this problem.
We washed them in salty water.
The blue whale grows to over metres long.
Private companies have been working in conjunction with local communities.
It spawned a quite interesting discussion about whether we should translate the site name.
This made me interested in how some international proper names are written in Japanese.
A war is an awful thing.
At your service, my dear sir!
She is the woman I am marrying.
Five minus three is two.
I have to study mathematics.
Six multiplied by three is eighteen.
Eight divided by two is four.
Try it yourself.
I live in a block of flats.
Tom and Mary got married in Maryland.
Maryland is the richest state in the United States.
Mississippi is the poorest state in the United States.
There's really a ghost in my house.
Philae's harpoons did not deploy.
Philae's landing site was named Agilkia.
Philae landed and then bounced for hours before landing again.
Grandfather joined us for dinner last night and it was wonderful to see him again.
Tom closed his eyes and began to count sheep.
Mary closed her eyes and began to count squirrels.
Tom opened his safe, took out a wad of notes and handed them to Mary.
Mary is a warm, caring person, but Tom is cold and aloof.
Tom looked distant and distracted while Mary told him her life story.
You have no idea how much that means to me.
Tom made light of a difficult situation.
It is a waning moon.
The moon is waning.
Mary told Tom she didn't want to see him anymore.
Tom would do anything to protect Mary.
Not only was Mary a star athlete, but she also had top grades.
I'm just as confused as you are.
Ah!
Tom was catatonically shy as a child.
The wind is howling.
I would do anything to protect you.
I'd do anything to protect you.
I'm not allowed to say anything.
Mary hit her on the head.
The days have gotten shorter and shorter.
Are you going to leave a few cookies for me?
Are you going to stay here or are you going to go?
Tom loves to play with my dog.
We are opposed to war.
Have you been busy lately?
He is average height, is white, has brown hair and brown eyes.
Whether you like it or not, the job has to be done.
My house is in a village.
It's not easy to speak English.
Do you know whether or not Tom will be at the meeting?
Do you know whether or not Tom plans to help us tomorrow?
Whether you like Tom or not, you still have to work with him.
I have no idea whether Tom will come or not.
I have no idea whether or not Tom will come.
I saw tears in his eyes.
Tom was sweating profusely after a half an hour on the treadmill.
Look at this photo.
Look at this photograph.
There are eleven rooms in this house.
It is the highest mountain in the world.
What's the world's highest mountain?
What's the highest mountain in the world?
Japan is in the eastern part of Asia.
Relationship through marriage is indicated by the prefix "bo".
Natural selection has similarities to selective breeding, but it happens by itself and over a much longer period of time.
He has written an antibarbarus.
Do you like anchovies?
She's married to a foreigner.
Welcome to Mars!
I know exactly what you mean. Parents can be really annoying.
I use computers.
I'm using a computer.
He must clean his room.
Laser printers are generally cheaper to maintain than inkjet printers.
My printer only prints in black and white.
This book, which I've read two times, was a present from Peter.
At least we have a roof over our heads.
It was time to go.
It is ten minutes to eleven.
This is my opinion, not his.
This is my opinion, not hers.
That's like the pot calling the kettle black.
A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic.
The plural of anecdote is data.
No, you can't.
I'll accompany you.
I am glad to see you!
I'll remember you!
I'm sitting on a chair.
Your examples are cherry-picked, nothing more than anecdotal evidence.
How much did the tickets cost?
How much did you have to pay for the tickets?
How much did the tickets cost you?
The past is not dead; it isn't even past.
A democracy is a form of government in which the people often vote for someone different but seldom if ever get something different.
I never wanted to see anybody die, but there are a few obituary notices I have read with pleasure.
All the ills of democracy can be cured by more democracy.
Show me a hero and I will write you a tragedy.
History is a set of agreed upon lies.
What history teaches us is that men have never learned anything from it.
Nobody shoulders a rifle in defense of a boarding house.
It's strange that men should take up crime when there are so many legal ways to be dishonest.
I would rather that the people should wonder why I wasn't President than why I am.
The hopeful man sees success where others see failure, sunshine where others see shadows and storm.
Hope is merely disappointment deferred.
Hypocrisy is prejudice with a halo.
Grandchildren don't make a man feel old, it's the knowledge that he's married to a grandmother.
I have had just about all I can take of myself.
Marie fed the fish.
A superstition is a premature explanation that overstays its time.
Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant.
He sat down near her.
He sat down near him.
She sat down near her.
She sat down near him.
You have a great memory!
You missed out on a great party!
Why now?
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at those he's given it to.
I'm dying for a coke.
He is listening to music in his room.
I'm dying for a pizza.
In the United States, what is valued most is money, whether it's clean or dirty.
Only a person who can live with himself can enjoy the gift of leisure.
Personally I'm always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught.
When did you last cut your hair?
On the whole, I'm not interested in politics.
If you commute to work with a car, you risk getting too little exercise.
I arrived last night.
I want to go to a land without Mondays.
I don't want to know what his name is.
I have coffee, tea, water, and fresh fruit juice.
Thank you for shopping with us!
This town is pretty year-round.
She is responsible.
Who is responsible for this?
The prices fell suddenly.
You must be an idiot!
Tom and Mary often drink their morning coffee on the veranda.
She suffers from anorexia.
He wants to be anonymous.
He put an announcement in the newspaper.
Yesterday, I bought ten new pairs of ankle socks.
My uncle lives in New York City.
Don't forget to breathe.
He knows nothing about anatomy.
He is illiterate.
I am very interested in soccer.
What part of Canada do you come from?
Picasso painted this painting in 1950.
The apple trees bloom in the spring.
You must see it to believe it.
I think that Tom is truly decent.
That child's mother is a director.
This explanation sounds confusing.
We thought the situation would be embarrassing.
Did you think about it?
The history of the development of aviation is fascinating.
I don't want to get bogged down in details.
My dear friend!
We are no longer young.
Look, they say listening to Mozart makes tomatoes grow.
The show was exciting.
The final score of the game was 3–1.
People should sleep at least hours each night.
Where can I buy bricks?
I watched the sinking ship.
The burning building was about to collapse.
A lawyer is a person who prevents someone else from getting your money.
I'm sorry, but I don't speak French very well.
I still miss my ex-wife, but my aim is getting better.
He resumed his work after a medical leave.
Flowers are growing in the meadow.
One nice thing about egotists: They don't talk about other people.
Don't talk unless you can improve the silence.
A camel is a horse designed by a committee.
Even though eye witnesses saw the HMAS Sydney sink in 1941, it took years to locate the wreck on the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
Tom ate all of Mary's yoghurt, but replaced it with the wrong brand.
Tom's car needed a wash, so he left it out in the rain.
Tom's in the habit of constantly finding fault with everything Mary does.
Tom resolved to stop calling himself an idiot.
If only Tom would keep his big mouth shut!
Tom's loud and domineering.
Do not teach the apple tree to bear apples. Rather drive the pigs away from it.
Tom was looking green around the gills after eating something at Mary's party that didn't agree with him.
Tom was green behind the ears when it came to defending himself in court.
As a new graduate with no work experience, Tom was wet behind the ears when he started his first job.
Climate change is seen by many as the defining issue of our time.
What sort of yogurt do you like best?
I'm leaving soon because my bus goes in half an hour.
I'll attend the meeting if I possibly can.
Open the door, please, will you?
I would attend the meeting but I'm afraid it's impossible.
I've asked Tom to lend me his car, but he won't.
I asked Tom to tell me the secret, but he wouldn't.
I've packed gambling in. I've been loosing too much money.
Tom is seriously considering packing his job in.
Mary's packed her boyfriend in.
The workers packed up at o'clock on account of the rain.
Your accent is excellent. You'd pass for an Englishman any time.
You might find Tom in the library, but I doubt it.
Might I suggest that we start the meeting an hour earlier?
May we smoke during the break?
We asked if we might smoke during the break.
May I leave early today?
A piece of advice fixed firmly in my brain for future reference.
The World Cup final wil be refereed by a Mexican doctor.
I've got to get a reference from the University.
I've given you a marvellous reference.
The new model was larger, faster and more refined than its predecessor.
I prefer the mountains to the seashore.
The more sins you confess, the more books you will sell.
The squirrel closed its eyes and began to count hazelnuts.
Contraception is cheaper than pregnancy.
Cow's milk is for calves and contains growth hormones which they need. I am not a calf and do not want to grow up like one.
Cow's milk is for calves and contains growth hormones. I am not a calf and do not want to grow into one.
They have explosives.
He is listening to music in his bedroom.
I'm unable to read this difficult text.
I can't remember when was the last time I've seen him smile.
I can't remember when was the last time I've seen her smile.
I can't remember when was the last time I've seen Tom smile.
He used to be full of joy.
She used to be so full of joy.
These are my trousers.
Mary bailed Tom out of jail after he got into a fight at the bar.
In the time of the Vikings, Greenland was a lot greener than it is today.
Subtlety never was your strong suit.
Subtlety has never been your strong suit.
Subtlety never was her strong suit.
Mary doesn't eat anymore. She barely touches her food.
Nobody likes him.
Every time I see someone using a leaf blower, I feel like yanking it from his hands and breaking it into a thousand pieces.
We like to play.
We like playing.
A leaf blower is more polluting than an automobile.
In the United States, cars drive on the right‐hand side of the road.
In the United States, cars drive on the right side of the road.
Is there a machine more polluting, noisier or which takes away more jobs than a leaf blower?
I've known her for more than twenty years.
I'm excited about learning German.
I met two foreigners: one from Canada and one from England.
I met two foreigners: a Canadian and a Brit.
She hurried back from England.
She rushed home from England.
Hurry up or you'll miss your plane.
This room has space for fifty people.
Did someone break your heart?
Has anyone ever broken your heart?
There's a lot of furniture in this room.
The children are bouncing on the trampoline.
I can't remember the last time I've seen you so excited about something.
I think she'll succeed.
Tom's cows were stolen during the night.
Come on, Mary. You don't believe that Tom did that on purpose, do you?
Tom was so sweet. He brought me flowers all the time.
How are you? Good? Bad?
I can't believe he just did that.
I can't believe she just did that.
It is a Dutch bargain.
I don't think Tom would do that on purpose.
Tom didn't want people to think that he was flirting with Mary.
I don't want people to think that I'm flirting with Tom.
It was Tom who told Mary.
Sometimes cows are killed by coyotes.
In 2009, coyotes killed 2,sheep and 12,lambs in the state of Montana.
This cow is not branded.
Why would anyone do that on purpose?
Tom is a real cowboy.
Mary likes country music.
We ordered Chinese food.
Tom is a real nerd.
We ordered Chinese.
He is the tallest child.
Tom is a computer geek.
Knowing and doing are two different things.
He sings well.
I don't know how she should deal with that issue.
I don't know how she should deal with this.
I don't know when he will come back.
She made a deposit at the bank.
There are people in my family.
I don't think I can do this without her.
I don't think I can do this without him.
I don't think I can do this without you.
I don't think I can do this without Tom.
Why is my friend an idiot?
Why is my buddy an idiot?
You don't need to give me a call.
It's odd being in here after so long.
Hay is stored in the barn.
The school is keeping me occupied.
I invited a Chinese friend over to my apartment.
Is it like you remembered it?
His cell phone was turned off.
His cell phone is turned off now.
It didn't work out quite like I intended it to.
The blue phone is on the table.
The man is using the landline to call.
I think that everyone should study a foreign language.
My name's Ricardo. What's yours?
I bought my prom dress there.
Were you and Tom together for a long time?
The game finished.
Tom doesn't like to play poker at all.
It is partly cloudy today.
They were drafted.
I am reading a book on US history.
I am reading a book on the history of the Americas.
Only million people live in Norway.
These kittens are so cute and cuddly.
Tom, you're supposed to be enjoying yourself!
Mary, you're supposed to be enjoying yourself.
We don't have any sheep.
She texted her girlfriend.
Mary found a four-leaf clover.
Tom hired a local contractor to remodel his kitchen.
I have seen him twice since I left school.
My cat's breath smells like cat food.
I have seen him twice since leaving school.
Marital arguments should always be constructive to a marriage.
On clear nights we see the Milky Way.
Granted, watching TV can be relaxing.
Tom asked Mary to let him copy her homework.
Tom leaned forward and kissed her.
The way to protect yourself and your family from being adversely affected by television is to be more selective of the programmes you watch.
Tom bought a small house on a quiet street.
Tom gave his dog a good scratch behind the ears.
Tom said that he would pick me up at 6:00.
Tom is going to pick me up at 6:00.
This investment fund only invests in ethical companies.
There is only space for thirty students in this classroom.
Don't say such stupid things!
If I could afford it, I would buy an electric car.
Tom sat at the far end of the table.
One of them is probably lying.
"I'm sorry." "No, you're not."
This rug has been cleaned.
Where do you not want to go?
Who is buying what?
Who is going into the city tomorrow?
To whose house are you going?
What is that house built out of?
Whose child are you?
Which book do you want?
Marina knows where the meeting will be.
Do you know where the meeting will be?
Gela said that Father went into the city.
I want Nino to win.
Who do you want to win?
Everybody beats the fool.
When you're green, you grow. When you're ripe, you rot.
You loved chocolate.
Do you sell fruit?
I consider him a friend.
This contributor has asked for advanced contributor status. Please feel free to share your opinion with us. Send us a message using the following link.
This contributor has asked for advanced contributor status. Please feel free to share your opinion with us, only if your opinion is positive.
Please give me a magazine.
My son is brushing his teeth.
The third most frequent letter in Esperanto is "e".
I am writing a sentence.
Which language are you learning?
Learn Toki Pona!
Why can't I love both of them?
Why can't I love them both?
What's the matter, Mary? You can talk to me if you want.
The fourteenth most common letter in Esperanto is "m".
I like spending time with you.
Bring me a glass of beer.
Mary is both attractive and intelligent.
Mary said that her parents would kill her if they found out that she was going out with Tom.
Books are scattered around the room.
She sang softly.
I think Tom will win.
I think Tom is likely to win.
I wonder if Tom will win.
I hope Tom wins.
Wouldn't it be great if Tom won?
Tom isn't likely to win.
Tom hoped that he would win the race.
I'd like to see Tom win.
I hope Tom doesn't lose.
Tom was disappointed that he didn't win the race.
Even though Tom didn't win the race, he doesn't seem too disappointed.
Tom has never won anything in his whole life.
Tom told Mary that he won the race, even though he didn't.
Tom lied when he told Mary that he had won the race.
Tom probably won't win.
There's no way Tom will win the race.
We were all surprised when Tom won the race.
We were all surprised that Tom won the race.
No one takes me seriously.
We were all surprised that Tom didn't win the race.
No one takes Tom seriously.
No one believes anything Tom says.
No one thinks Tom will win the race.
You should only believe about half of what Tom says.
You should only believe about half the things Tom says.
Tom didn't tell anyone what he was about to do.
Tom didn't tell anyone what he was planning to do.
Tom didn't tell anyone what his plans were.
Tom didn't tell anyone why he was late.
Tom didn't tell anyone why he had gone to Boston.
Tom didn't tell anyone that he'd seen Mary kissing John.
Tom didn't tell anyone that he'd dropped out of school.
Tom didn't tell anyone that he'd won the lottery.
Tom refused to tell the police who his accomplice was.
"How's life been treating you?" "I can't complain."
"How have you been doing?" "I can't complain."
What is the active ingredient in Tylenol?
What is the active ingredient in Advil?
What is the active ingredient in aspirin?
Some doctors recommend that their patients take an aspirin a day.
Taking an aspirin a day can be bad for you.
Tom is staying at a hotel not too far from our downtown office.
Go with the flow.
It's okay, you can tell me.
What matters the most to you and why does it matter to you?
The man is meditating.
Tom spent hours trying to nut out the reasons for the discrepancies in his company's books.
Tom said he'd had nothing to do with what had happened.
Some demonstrators ignored the exclusion zone and were arrested.
With a bit of good will on both sides, our problems should be able to be resolved.
Tom's a very pessimistic person and always sees the negative side of any situation.
This sentence requires a question mark at the end.
Look at that photo.
Look at this image.
Look at that image.
If you need me, call me.
If you need me, call.
She is a professor.
Tom is more intelligent than me.
Tom is cleverer than me.
There was once a cat whose name was Tango.
The day they ban leaf blowers, I'll be ecstatic.
How much do these trousers cost?
That says it all.
Do I have to do it now?
Tom and Mary take every opportunity to find time in their busy schedules to spend time together.
Do you live with anyone?
Mary asked Tom could he keep a secret.
Tom is more intelligent than I am.
Autumn leaves crunched under Tom's feet as he walked up the path to Mary's front door.
She tuned her guitar.
Tom was whistling in the dark to belie how terrified he was to be alone in the house which was rumoured to be haunted.
Tom looked like he didn't have a care in the world, but nothing could have been further from the truth.
Her car overtook ours.
Your car overtook ours.
Is he looking for something?
Is she looking for something?
Ken drove Tom to the hospital.
We are faced with a very sad situation.
The future generations will not forgive any of you.
This situation would suit Tom.
For this reason, no one can blame Tom.
From now on, they can do whatever they like.
Tom seems to have given everybody a scare.
I am anti-EU.
You are mortgaging Mary's future.
He said that the United States declared its independence in 1776.
It was a bad film.
What a terrific idea!
What a creative idea!
What a marvelous idea!
What a generous offer!
What a dreadful color!
What a lovely thought!
Tom managed to finish the work before 2:30.
Have Tom meet us here at 2:30.
Tom promised to be here by 2:30.
I just wanted to make sure Tom was OK.
It looks like a UFO.
It was a horrible idea.
The party was my idea.
Tom reminded me not to forget my umbrella.
I miss my old job.
I don't think you should quit your job.
Tom was late because of heavy traffic.
This place is sort of romantic.
The meeting might not be so bad.
This place smells bad.
It can't be that bad.
Tom closed his eyes and shook his head.
This was the stupidest idea I've ever had.
The kids are in bed.
I'm off to bed.
I'm getting ready for bed.
Tom has been disqualified.
I'm all packed.
We've been attacked.
The doors are locked.
Keep our eyes peeled.
Tom took a sip of his margarita and smiled.
The doors are opened.
The treaty has been signed.
Now I'm scared.
I'm getting bored.
The banks are closed.
The doors are closed.
Look at all the damage you've caused.
Now let's get started.
The house was deserted.
It's OK to be afraid.
It needed to be said.
Now look what you did.
Tom liked swimming when he was a kid.
Don't yell at my kid.
The water's ice cold.
This painting has already been sold.
Tom wasn't easy to find.
I hope you've changed your mind.
I hope you change your mind.
Excuse me for a second.
Come here for a second.
Let me show you around.
Lie down on the ground.
I heard a sound.
Tom spends a lot of money on junk food.
This sandwich is good.
The fire feels good.
Tom isn't as sure of himself as he used to be.
There's no way I'm going to find Tom in this place.
You could've stayed at my place.
We need some ice.
Go back to your office.
It's an easy choice.
It's now dark outside.
A policeman is outside.
My mommy went outside.
Tom didn't really feel like drinking coffee.
I didn't even get to use my knife.
I've known Tom since college.
It should be possible.
Now you're in trouble.
There's no need to go to all that trouble.
It wasn't any trouble.
I'm on parole.
It's all quite simple.
Tom picked up the knife and peeled the apple.
I want to wash up a little.
Call me if you need me.
It really bugged me.
I'm glad you called me.
Nobody ever helped me.
Tom will attend today's meeting instead of me.
It's not bugging me.
My arm is killing me.
Come and dance with me.
Switch places with me.
The language they were speaking sounded like French to me.
Nobody listens to me.
Maybe you can help me.
Nobody ever helps me.
Don't disrespect me.
My mommy and daddy won't forget me.
Now's not a good time.
Tom was under a lot of stress at the time.
Tom is having a miserable time.
I want things to be different this time.
It's almost bedtime.
I'm glad you asked me to come.
Tom followed me home.
I'm heading home.
We're going back home.
Tom probably thinks Mary is at home.
That's not mine.
It's never been done.
My shift's almost done.
Everybody else is gone.
Tom asked for my permission to use the phone.
It's your only hope.
Tom needs medical care.
Something is odd here.
It's good to be here.
It's great to be here.
I just didn't expect you to be here.
Tom followed me here.
It's a good thing I came here.
Boston is almost three hours from here.
It's too warm in here.
It's nice and quiet in here.
It's kind of chilly in here.
It's too noisy in here.
It's noisy in here.
It's scary down here.
It's right over here.
Tom doesn't have many friends here.
My roommate is here.
Tom followed us here.
It took me three hours to get here.
It was supposed to be quiet here.
It's strangely quiet here.
It's very quiet here.
It's all right here.
It's freezing out here.
Tom is definitely not going to be there.
It's like a war zone there.
My parents are there.
You're never going to be able to get in there.
It's just over there.
I heard a car backfire.
Tom made this same mistake before.
I've never seen Tom lose his temper before.
We've discussed this before.
I've seen Tom do it before.
I'm not teaching anymore.
Go grab your briefcase.
It was a nice surprise.
Get back on your horse.
It could be much worse.
It can't get any worse.
My niece is a nurse.
I forgot my purse.
Come back to the house.
I think it would be best if you didn't go over to Tom's house.
I checked the date.
Maybe we're too late.
It's almost too late.
It's kind of private.
There is no antidote.
Excuse me for a minute.
Just relax a minute.
Maybe I should leave.
I really should leave.
I think it would be best if you do as Tom says and leave.
It's been a long drive.
Maybe you're in love.
It's the right size.
Take your shoes off.
Take a few days off.
It's your night off.
I have dandruff.
Tom managed to carry all three boxes by himself.
It's possible that we won't be able to get to Boston in time for the wedding.
Forget the whole thing.
Tom was advised to give up smoking.
Tom didn't really feel like working.
I was daydreaming.
The police are coming.
It's never too early to start learning.
Tom didn't really feel like going to school this morning.
There's just one thing missing.
Tom didn't really feel like going skating.
Maybe we should cancel the meeting.
It's only a painting.
The buses are leaving.
Tom didn't really feel like studying.
It's taking too long.
It's where I belong.
This is where you belong.
It appears I was wrong.
I got married too young.
Tom went to the park with his dog.
I should know better than to drink on an empty stomach.
Tom had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch.
Help me move the couch.
You're not tall enough.
I don't have that kind of cash.
Please let me finish.
Tom plays golf three or four times a month.
Tom was so angry that he couldn't speak.
It's nice to be back.
It's great to be back.
I'm so glad you're back.
Tom will be right back.
I swear I'll pay you back.
Go grab your backpack.
It's solid as a rock.
It's been a bad week.
It's been a rough week.
I thought you said you were going to be in Boston this week.
It's been a great week.
Tom will probably go to Boston next week.
It's been a crazy week.
Tom has gone to the store to buy some milk.
Here's your milk.
Let's go for a drink.
I'm sure I can find something for you to drink.
My life's an open book.
Now let's get to work.
If you wanted more cake, all you had to do was ask.
It's not a bad deal.
This thing isn't real.
It's all quite normal.
It's sort of personal.
It's not fair at all.
I don't like this at all.
It wasn't funny at all.
This jacket fits pretty well.
Tom was impressed by Mary's skill.
Tom saw an accident on his way to school.
I've got this under control.
Tom is much better looking than I am.
That guy still doesn't know who I am.
Everyone needs a dream.
Maybe I fooled them.
Tom was surprised when I told him.
Tom has lost the watch that Mary gave him.
I already called Tom.
I've already called Tom.
I don't want to leave you alone with Tom.
I thought something was wrong with Tom.
I thought something was seriously wrong with Tom.
I didn't even get to talk to Tom.
I'd never do that to Tom.
Tom rushed into the room.
Don't leave this room.
Don't let Tom into this room.
Be as quick as you can.
It's not a bad plan.
It's an excellent plan.
I'd never hit a woman.
I've never hit a woman.
This seat isn't taken.
Keep your ears open.
I always knew that one day this would happen.
Tom wants to spend time with his children.
The baby is crying again.
It was nice to see you again.
It's easy to explain.
This medicine will reduce the pain.
This medicine will ease the pain.
It's worth the pain.
I hate the rain.
Don't get on this train.
Tom didn't really feel that he had a chance to win.
It's time to move on.
The party is still going on.
Tom put his cap back on.
Make your own decision.
Tom asked me to pick him up at the station.
Tom spent a lot of time practicing the piano this afternoon.
It'll be light soon.
Tom died three weeks before I got out of prison.
You're not a horrible person.
Tom is in charge of making all the arrangements for our trip to Boston.
This looks like fun.
Now I'm having fun.
It looked like a gun.
Another day has begun.
It's nearly dawn.
Tom doesn't seem to know how to do anything on his own.
My house burned down.
Let me write this down.
I'm headed back into town.
That shouldn't be too hard to do.
Tom thought it over and decided not to do what Mary asked him to do.
I'm sure I can find something for you to do.
Maybe I should go.
I'm all packed and ready to go.
I'd better go.
I can't let you go.
This isn't the same car I had three years ago.
Tom moved here from Boston three years ago.
I can do it right now if you want me to.
My leg's still asleep.
Mind your step.
It's obvious Tom can't do it without some help.
Maybe we should stop.
My boys are all grown up.
Come on, hurry it up.
Boston is where I grew up.
It looks like a bar.
Tom is having second thoughts about buying your old car.
Get back into your car.
Get into your car.
I'm sure I can find something for you to wear.
That's peculiar.
This place was bombed during the war.
It's been a long war.
You should try a little harder.
Go get me another beer.
Make me a better offer.
Tom liked to swim when he was younger.
Tom tuned Mary's guitar for her.
It would've been nice if you'd gotten here earlier.
Maybe I should've done this sooner.
You must think I'm a complete loser.
Tom will talk to us about it later.
I feel like I've known you forever.
I'm hung over.
My shift's over.
Let me think this over.
My shift's almost over.
My life is almost over.
Get me another lawyer.
Blue is my favorite color.
I couldn't figure out how to open the door.
I'm a private investigator.
Tom is in the kitchen, standing in front of the refrigerator.
We've got a visitor.
It'll be dark in an hour.
I missed you kids.
Tom shares an apartment with three friends.
It's really not as bad as it sounds.
I never once doubted your abilities.
Tom will be back in less than thirty minutes.
I'll be there in thirty minutes.
Enjoy yourselves.
I've only had my driver's license for three months.
Maybe I deserve this.
I should probably not be doing this.
Let me deal with this.
I'm not sure I'm ready to do this.
Let's not discuss this.
I don't have a good feeling about this.
Tom didn't really feel like playing tennis.
Don't try any tricks.
See you in three weeks.
It only weighs kilograms.
Tom said he had been asked a lot of questions.
Tom said you would ask a lot of questions.
Put down your weapons.
The place is surrounded by cops.
Look, it's hopeless.
It's quite painless.
My life is such a mess.
Maybe you'd like to come with us.
I didn't ask you to come with us.
Come downtown with us.
Don't try to trick us.
It's over between us.
It's just the two of us.
Maybe you can help us.
Maybe Tom can't hear us.
This could be serious.
It makes me curious.
It makes me jealous.
Now I'm nervous.
It looks like a cactus.
Tom didn't really feel like going out drinking with the guys.
I'm sure I can find something for you to eat.
Being married is great.
I need a hat.
I really don't understand why Tom did that.
I should probably not have done that.
It's older than that.
I can't afford to do that.
I just hope Tom doesn't know that.
My mommy and daddy will love me no matter what.
It was supposed to be kept secret.
I'm not quite finished yet.
The movie hasn't started yet.
The meeting hasn't started yet.
This painting isn't complete yet.
The sun isn't up yet.
There is no hope left.
Maybe we should fight.
It'll be cold tonight.
There are a lot of idiots here tonight.
Come on, let's see it.
Let someone else handle it.
Ask Tom to explain it.
Maybe I should do it.
Come on, let's do it.
Now I'm used to it.
Tom is in a lot of trouble and he knows it.
OK, I think I get it.
OK, I think I got it.
Maybe we can fix it.
Come on, let's try it.
Maybe we should wait.
It'll be a long wait.
Maybe I should quit.
It was your own fault.
It's totally my fault.
It was partly my fault.
Tom isn't an adult.
It's kind of important.
Excuse me for a moment.
Just relax a moment.
It's your only shot.
You must think I'm a complete idiot.
You must've thought I was an idiot.
Cigarette smoke bothers me a lot.
It bothers me a lot.
Maybe we should start.
Baseball is my favorite sport.
Tom reminded me not to forget my passport.
The nurse told me that it wasn't supposed to hurt.
What's past is past.
It's what I do best.
That's an odd request.
Please hear me out.
It's still dark out.
Maybe I can help out.
We'll work this out.
I may outlive you.
It's right above you.
I should've been honest with you.
Maybe I'll call you.
It's been a while since I've seen you.
I don't want anything happening to you.
It's not fair to you.
I'm not going to help you.
Nobody can hear you.
Let me do this for you.
This suitcase is too heavy for you.
Tom isn't as smart as you.
I hardly know anything about you.
I barely know anything about you.
Look, I'll show you.
Maybe I can show you.
Roll down the window.
Tom was impressed, but he tried not to let it show.
I have another job now.
There's no choice now.
Tom is in college now.
Tom is in charge now.
Get me out of here now.
Maybe we should go now.
You should go now.
I'm stronger now.
You need to stop doing that right now.
I can do it now.
Go ahead, try it now.
It'll be different now.
Let's start now.
Get off my property now.
There's no need for you to come here tomorrow.
It's such a nice day.
It's been a tiring day.
Have a wonderful day.
It's been a stressful day.
It's still my birthday.
The banks are closed today.
There are a lot of people here today.
I wasn't born yesterday.
I loved the play.
Tom used a credit card to pay.
I know exactly what Tom is going to say.
It's easier this way.
Tom said that he would be back right away.
It's too late anyway.
It's still not ready.
Your shoes are muddy.
You owe me money.
Tom was kind enough to lend me some money.
I'm not giving you any more money.
I'm not giving you any money.
Tom demanded an apology.
It's still too early.
Drinking warm milk makes me sleepy.
Tom didn't really feel like going camping with John and Mary.
I can tell that Tom doesn't believe Mary.
I hope Tom doesn't go to Boston with Mary.
Tom didn't really feel like playing chess with Mary.
Tom took the key out of his pocket and handed it to Mary.
Now I'm getting angry.
Come on, let's hurry.
It's useless to try.
It's easy if you try.
The house appears to be empty.
Come back to the party.
It would've been great if you could've been here for my birthday party.
These boxes are heavy.
Maybe I'm just crazy.
I'm feeling a little dizzy.
Is Tom really doing OK?
Is Tom still on the job?
What kind of stuff do you need?
Are we almost finished?
Are we nearly finished?
Are you really married?
Why's the door locked?
Why wasn't I informed?
Do you ever get scared?
Have you already ordered?
Why couldn't I be the one you kissed?
Isn't that what I said?
Is it always this cold?
How did you burn your hand?
What changed Tom's mind?
Can I see you a second?
Is that a real diamond?
Did you order any food?
What smells so good?
Is everybody on board?
Do you think I'm weird?
Who called the police?
How was choir practice?
Is it windy outside?
Do you have any coffee?
What else did you see?
How's your love life?
How bad was the damage?
What kind of mistakes did Tom make?
How long did this take?
What's it sound like?
What's it look like?
What's it smell like?
What's Tom really like?
Am I being unreasonable?
Do I look presentable?
Did you recognize any of those people?
Have you betrayed me?
Why did you choose me?
Have you heard of me?
Were you following me?
Is there something else you want to tell me?
Who's looking at me?
Why did you betray me?
What's your real name?
Did you catch his name?
What's his first name?
Is that genuine?
How soon can you get it done?
How long were you gone?
Do you need the phone?
Could I use the phone?
Who was that who answered your phone?
Is there something wrong with your phone?
Are you finished here?
What's the real reason you're here?
Did you tell Tom why you're here?
When did you start working here?
Do you think Tom knows what we were doing here?
What are we doing here?
How long will we be stuck here?
Do you still work here?
Why's Tom still here?
How did you wind up here?
Are you a teacher here?
How long are we just going to sit here?
Are you a student here?
Who invited you here?
Who else do you know here?
Is everybody here?
Who else is out there?
Does it hurt anywhere?
Are you hurt anywhere?
Can I have a few minutes, please?
Have you seen my purse?
Can you please help me for just a minute?
How soon can I leave?
Could you please leave?
How long does Tom have?
How did you know where I live?
How was the roast beef?
Where's our stuff?
How old is this stuff?
What's Tom scared of?
What's Tom afraid of?
Have I missed anything?
How's your kid doing?
How's your boy doing?
How's everything going?
How are things going?
How's your day going?
Did you find anything interesting?
Who invited Tom along?
Can we hurry this along?
Do you need a hug?
Where's my coffee mug?
Isn't that good enough?
Are you in good health?
How long have you been back?
How about a snack?
Are you really sick?
Is that seriously what you think?
Are you seriously ill?
What are we going to do about Tom?
How did you lose your arm?
Do you want to go in?
Is there another way in?
Can't we start again?
Are you ready to begin?
Do you have any plans later on?
Did I ask your opinion?
What's your final destination?
Did you bring a weapon?
How long have you been out of prison?
Did you enjoy your run?
Is there anything else I can do?
Did you tell Tom what you were hired to do?
What're you trying to do?
Did you do what I asked you to do?
What's your father do?
How did the luncheon go?
Is Tom there, too?
Has Tom kissed you, too?
How long was I asleep?
How old is your car?
What's your biggest fear?
Do I need to get the manager?
I'm assuming this is your father.
Why wasn't I informed earlier?
Could we discuss this later?
Do you need some water?
Is anything the matter?
Do you feel any better?
What's it stand for?
Who're you looking for?
What's Tom waiting for?
Who locked the door?
Could you do me favor?
Would you please take off your shoes?
Do you shave your legs?
Do you know any French songs?
Can you show me where Tom Jackson's office is?
Can you show me where the bathroom is?
Do we really need this?
Do you have any idea who did this?
Did you foresee this?
Is it always like this?
What would cause this?
Whose phone is this?
What exactly is this?
Could we discuss this?
How long have you known about this?
Who called the cops?
Doesn't Mary look great in that dress?
Have you betrayed us?
Why is Tom helping us?
Are you still nauseous?
How long was I unconscious?
Did you break any laws?
What's the bad news?
How old are you guys?
What am I looking at?
Who's Tom looking at?
What're you staring at?
Isn't this place great?
Do you understand that?
What would cause that?
Are you afraid of that?
Why can't I do that?
Why can't we do that?
Who would want to do that?
Is it really necessary to do that?
Can you please stop that?
Whose plan was that?
What exactly was that?
Why is that?
How would you fix that?
Why did you have to say that?
Are you a drug addict?
What else did Tom get?
Do you remember the first time we met?
Are you finished yet?
Have you started yet?
Have you made any friends yet?
Are you losing weight?
Have you put on weight?
Have you ever tried it?
Where did you hide it?
Why shouldn't I do it?
Did you agree to do it?
Do you want to do it?
How fast can you do it?
Why can't you do it?
Is there another exit?
So what's your point?
Is it OK if I start?
How did the fire start?
How did you figure that out?
What's the movie about?
What's on the menu?
Who else helped you?
Help me out, would you?
Why can't I see you?
Where exactly are you?
Why did they hire you?
Who takes care of you?
Are we disturbing you?
What's troubling you?
Is it OK if I hug you?
Is it OK to hug you?
Who's here with you?
Who else is with you?
Do me a favor, will you?
Is Tom smarter than you?
Do you have any aspirin on you?
Why couldn't I be the one to help you?
What did Tom offer you?
You've been following me, haven't you?
How could I forget you?
What's the plan now?
Do you really not know?
Is today your birthday?
How's Tom's mood today?
What's the note say?
Do you need some money?
Does Tom still owe you money?
Do you ever get lonely?
Do you have any family?
Could you please hurry?
Who invited Tom to the party?
Are you ready to party?
Do you still think I'm crazy?
Whose is this phone?
How many hours did Tom work yesterday?
Earth, Mars and Jupiter are planets.
Is today his birthday?
Is today her birthday?
How late did Tom work yesterday?
What is his surname?
What is her surname?
This tyre is punctured.
The professor gave a presentation on the history of France.
The teacher gave a presentation on the history of France.
How did he solve the problem?
How did she solve the problem?
They are continuing to call.
They continue to call.
These women are strong.
Does she need the book?
Does he need the book?
My mother does not like television.
My mother hates watching the television.
My mother hates watching television.
My mother hates to watch television.
My mother hates to watch the television.
My mother does not like to watch the television.
My mother does not like watching the television.
Is Tom more intelligent than you?
Is Tom more intelligent than she is?
Is Tom more intelligent than her?
Is Tom more intelligent than you are?
She speaks English.
Has she read this article?
Has he read this article?
Is he the owner of this house?
Is she the owner of this house?
Where exactly is it?
Where exactly is he?
Where exactly is she?
You can play this game in different ways.
Oh, it is me!
He has completed his military service.
The sea was glassy.
He recovered quickly.
“Where are my newspapers?” “Your newspapers are on the table.”
I was big in Japan.
I was angry because he came late.
Does that belong to Tom?
In which city is it?
In which city is she?
In which city is he?
We are faced with a strange situation that does not fit democracy.
This rule will obviously remain in place until the politicians win people's trust.
This is quite sound from a scientific aspect.
Change will take time.
We turned it into a state problem.
In the end, we obtained what we wanted.
Certain circles keep saying the same thing insistently.
There will be no bargaining on this issue.
This is the rule of the game.
Let us not deceive ourselves.
Tom is getting prepared to join the loop.
In the Aegean, there will be another round of tension.
Meanwhile, time is running out.
People want a solution.
It remains to be seen what kind of picture we will be faced with in the end.
They speak in so many different voices.
Mutual steps have to be taken.
That would be a highly dangerous option for both sides.
It turns out that we became hopeful in vain.
We too have a similar approach.
The two sides must reach an agreement in principle by the end of June.
Never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions you have no respect.
He talked about his expectations.
She is preparing for the Olympic Games this year.
Apathy is worse than antipathy.
He is preparing for the Olympic Games this year.
The conclusion I have reached is, unfortunately, a pessimistic one.
The talks have become bogged down.
If you are interested, let us meet again tomorrow.
Children need love, especially when they don't deserve it.
Do you like the mountain?
I'm dying to have a cup of coffee.
What you decided to do is insane.
I'm dying to go to the toilet.
The industrial production of livestock is the leading contributor to greenhouse gases.
Have you read the book "Vegan until p.m."? It describes a new way of losing weight.
I find what you say of no use to myself.
A vegan diet is no guarantee of a good diet, unless the only goal is to avoid killing animals.
Did you know that mosquitoes have teeth?
What is the largest organ in the human body? The answer may surprise you.
Since I've been on this diet, my weight is down, my cholesterol is down and my sleep apnea has completely disappeared.
With respect to native speakers, what are the three most widely spoken languages in the world?
Zimbabwe is the country with the most official languages, not India.
Divide the cake among the three of you.
An example of genetic modification is the injection of fish genes into strawberries and tomatoes, a process which prevents these fruits from freezing.
One thing's for sure: you can expect the unexpected.
There was no indication that anything was wrong.
The car turned to the left.
Tom's cool, calm, and collected, even under pressure.
The director is away on a trip.
Tom is not available at the moment. May I take a message?
How young you are!
Autumn is almost here.
High fructose corn syrup is found in about everything you eat these days.
He always wants to have the last word.
Tom and Mary's life was never the same again once their baby was born.
Mary always dreamed of meeting a tall, dark, and handsome man.
The oboe is the most beautiful of all woodwind instruments.
The human voice is the most beautiful of all wind instruments.
Tom is a sheep farmer.
It's worse to send an innocent man to prison than to let a criminal go free.
King Solomon was known for his wisdom.
Teenage boys love playing video games.
Teenagers love playing video games.
King Suleiman was known for his wisdom.
She has a roll.
I'm not completely in accord.
May I be of help in any way?
The waiter went to get another glass.
He must have stacked them up against the wall.
I didn't know you were looking for me.
Tom tried putting on the coat.
It seems Tom is very sleepy.
I am Aunt Wang.
An army is a group of soldiers.
Stout fellow you are, bro!
Future needs past.
Luxurious place!
Still gleams an element of hope.
Here's the leader!
I bought a jacket without a collar.
For an idea to germinate and to be fruitful, it is necessary to scatter its seeds in the appropriate season.
What do you want to become of me?
Not everything doable is worth doing.
Where do you want us to go?
Not everything that can be done is worth the pain of doing it.
I do not have a family.
The car turned left.
I have the book on hand.
Those shoes are hers.
She has a telephone.
He has a telephone.
I think she has two sons.
I think he has two sons.
I think she has two children.
I think he has two children.
I'm dying to meet her.
It's something my mother used to do.
He always wants to be the last to speak.
I leave you, fellow-thinker.
An alternative is possible.
A raindrop fell.
Here are a million hugs.
What a pity.
Oh, like that!
That is right.
Ah, so!
Their parents were farmers.
That is every reason recommended.
A century ago, spittoons were still used.
Tom tied his shoe laces.
It's a horse.
It's not a horse.
Tom tied his laces.
Tom tied his shoelaces.
There were razorbill footprints in the sand.
Tom was too drunk to drive home, so he crashed out on Mary's couch.
She was tired of knocking on heaven's door.
Some men get the world. Others get ex-hookers and a trip to Arizona.
"Don't you have anything more interesting to do than translate stupid sentences on Tatoeba," she asked him.
A guest at the hotel just went up the stairs.
Don't get so angry.
There are insects everywhere.
In the hotel lobby, several guests who just arrived are waiting to get the keys to their rooms.
Don't worry, I won't turn you in to the police.
I don't embroider their handkerchiefs.
I don't brush their hair.
We were discussing his work with him.
Tom shot down the enemy aircraft.
I'm not hiding the truth from them.
I'm not stamping their postcards.
I'm not petting their dog.
I'm not breaking their glasses.
Do you want a part in the film?
Nothing could please me more.
I don't sing to them.
English is not my maternal language and I realize that I still have a lot to learn.
I don't heat their house.
How are you coming in your work?
Tom ate the free bread and then walked out of the restaurant.
About million bacteria are transferred during a second kiss.
Do you know how to solve this riddle?
It goes without saying that we will spend the night in a luxury hotel.
I am presently working in the hotel kitchen.
This evening we can meet in the cocktail lounge of the hotel.
I have always had faith in you.
I like rock.
I am the one who knocks.
Tom, what do you want to have for dinner?
If it's that hot, how about you take off all your clothes?
It seems that it will rain.
I want to have a friend.
It is always necessary to give sources.
It sounds a bit goofy.
Tom got into a fight with Mary's brother and got his nose broken.
You do not need to like everything.
Recently.
Go ahead of me!
I'm also learning Amharic.
I killed him.
I killed her.
Are you interested in baseball, Tom?
I'm getting sleepy. I should've gone to bed earlier last night.
Was it a lie when you said you loved me?
I'm sorry, I left my homework at home.
Don't you remember what you said?
I guess you don't like him.
I have psoriasis.
Speaking of films, why not go to the cinema tonight?
Finnish is finished.
The economy is in turmoil once again.
Our breath has sufficed only this far.
The point I want to make is something else.
As soon as the game ended, we became overjoyed.
One plays football for only one thing: in order to win.
The Turkish team performed well, making us all happy. However, it could not qualify for the final.
We have had such a successful promotion effort that even that much would suffice us.
The one that gets beaten becomes disqualified.
Rubbish!
It is as if we, not Brazil, won the game.
There is nothing wrong with the Turkish people's power of perception.
They see very clearly that this is an emergency and that this cannot go on for long.
I feel like drinking. Got any beer?
We take out of bed an elderly person who is obviously suffering, dragging him into meetings.
Let us hope that this is the last postponement.
If this goes on, the bleeding will increase.
Most importantly, the borrowing rates are going up.
Well, what about the economic price to be paid due to uncertainty?
Let us keep this up as long as we can.
The decision will merely have been delayed for a few more weeks.
It is obvious that his condition has not worsened.
No one likes the loser.
We seem to be confused.
Posting porn is against the rules and when discovered will get you blocked.
I am reading a book while I eat.
In sports, there is no room for failure.
Meanwhile, I want to draw your attention to a point.
What can we say?
There is a silver lining to every dark cloud!
According to the doctors, Tom has not recovered yet.
There would not be such a difficult thing.
The bells of danger toll for them.
We had beaten a football giant.
What a big difference, isn't it?
Maybe, she will find her true place.
