I'll make some peanut butter.
I'll make peanut butter for him.
They want paraffin.
We'll buy some paraffin.
We'll buy some paraffin for them.
They can't work.
We'll work for them.
You can't go to town.
He'll go to town.
He'll go to town for you.
They'll build a house.
They'll build you a house.
Have the children fixed food for you?
I'm starting to see what you mean.
Patiently, he collected fact after fact.
Patiently, he collected the facts, one by one.
I hope you'll be my friend.
I don't even want you here.
How do you stay up to date?
How do you get up to date?
I do like watching him when he is asleep.
My nurse took me this morning into the streets.
Have you ever been to the farm?
The city consists of two parts.
Tom thinks there is something wrong with some politicians.
It suddenly dawned on Tom that he'd been doing it wrong all along.
Tom's chest is rattly because of a respiratory tract infection.
There's a fine line between assertiveness and aggression.
Any trouble Tom's ever gotten into was caused by alcohol.
I don't know how old Tom is now.
All History shows: idioms of dominant states often lead to the disappearance of the languages of the dominated states. Greek engulfed the Phrygian. Latin killed the Iberian and Gallic. Currently, languages ​​are disappearing every year! Understand one thing: I'm not fighting against English, I fight for diversity. An Armenian proverb wonderfully summarizes my thought: "The more languages you know, the more you are a person."
The more languages ​​you know, that many times you're a person.
This film was praised as a completely engaging thriller that works on almost every level.
"Squeak", said the mouse.
The walls are thin and the beds are quite squeaky.
The ice melted in the water.
We saw an ad in the newspaper for a house that costs R$125,000.00.
Tom, why are you doing this?
No, it wasn't her.
No, it wasn't him.
This is just water.
I have a mosquito bite on my elbow.
I heard that she has a boyfriend, and no, it's not Tom.
Nothing's worse than having all the time in the world and no one to spend it with.
That was a misunderstanding!
Wait, who told you?
Is that weird?
You don't remember me, do you?
Did you really say that?
What's going to happen to you?
You're not welcome here anymore.
Do you have an extra blanket?
I also need a pillow.
You can sleep here. I don't mind.
Do you need an extra blanket?
Can I get another blanket?
Tell me if you need anything else.
"Are you okay?" "No, I'm not."
My hair is naturally curly.
I love Tom's Restaurant!
That was a test. You just passed.
Who's Tom and how does he know me?
Who the hell are you anyway?
We only kissed once.
And then they kissed.
The pharmacy isn't far from the hospital.
You can sleep here if you want. I don't mind.
Were you mean to her?
I wrote a song about you.
It's time to call it a night.
I wrote a song about Tatoeba.
Your hair is cute. I like it that way.
Do you like the song Stayin' Alive?
Tom wrote a sentence about death.
Tom's reached a point in his life where he has to make some pretty important decisions.
"How many girlfriends do you have, Tom? How many?" "Actually, I have 4." "Whaat?"
I didn't get his autograph.
I didn't get her autograph.
I wasn't trying to trick you.
Should I be jealous?
My ex-boyfriend just called me out of the blue.
My ex-boyfriend's ex just called me out of the blue.
"Is Tom here?" "No, he just left." "Really?"
The witch turned her boyfriend into a frog.
My ex girlfriend's ex just called me out of the blue.
And the holiday begins.
I saw Joe last Sunday.
Why are you doing this?
I saw Tom last Monday walking in the park with Mary.
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep.
There ought to be a book written about me.
Tom's normally even-tempered, but he gets very agitated when he can't find a parking spot.
Tom had an altercation with a woman who tried to take his parking space.
Tom spent a half an hour looking for his car in the carpark, then he remembered he had caught the bus to work.
"Is Tom here?" "No, he just left." "Really? Isn't that him going out the backdoor?"
Did you really do that?
All old people were once young and all young people will be old one day, except for those that die on the way.
The earth is a planet, and not a planetoid.
We apologise in advance.
It really bugged me out at first.
Did Tom get my message?
Did Tom seem OK to you?
Did Tom take Mary home?
Does Tom go to church?
Does Tom know my name?
Does Tom like it there?
Does Tom wear glasses?
How can I reach Tom?
How much does Tom weigh?
Is Tom very mad at me?
What did Tom get me?
What did you decide to do?
What more does Tom need?
What page is Tom on?
What took Tom so long?
Where did you decide to go?
Why did Tom leave you?
Why did Tom lie to me?
Why did you attack Tom?
Why did you let Tom go?
Why did you shoot Tom?
Why is Tom mad at me?
Why is Tom still here?
Your name is Tom, right?
Your name is Tom, isn't it?
I'm sorry. That's all I really remember.
This casino is losing money.
The girl was pregnant before the priest could say Amen.
Everything has a price.
Everybody please calm down.
The Scots seemed to be nice people at first, but they turned out to be backstabbing bastards.
In those days, I used to go to bed earlier.
During that period, I would go to bed earlier.
Our company only sells quality goods.
Bravo!
You're in the good spot.
I don't burden my memory with details that can be found in the dictionary.
I write to express my discontent.
I'm writing in order to express my discontent.
Syria will not return to what it was.
I'm leaving it to you to decide that.
Tom arrived precisely on time.
Tom knows what's worth paying attention to.
Tom knows what deserves attention.
Could you give me your cell phone number?
Tom adopted an orphan.
It will be dreadfully hot.
They considered that topic important.
They took that subject into account.
Tom was worried that someone would discover details from his past.
He didn't make much progress in English.
Are you ready to take over if Tom can't work anymore?
You look good in black.
It is very difficult, almost impossible, to get an apartment in Oslo.
On that point the learned disagree.
The scolars quarrel, and the case lies still unsolved in the hands of the judge.
They only wrote good things about her in the newspaper.
They only wrote good things about them in the newspaper.
They only wrote good things about you in the newspaper.
They only wrote good things about him in the newspaper.
They only wrote nasty gossip about him in the newspaper.
They wrote a lot of nasty gossip about them in the newspaper.
They wrote a lot of nasty gossip about him in the newspaper.
They only wrote idle chatter about her in the newspaper.
They only wrote idle chatter about me in the newspaper.
They only wrote idle chatter about him in the newspaper.
It's very humid, isn't it?
Tom is a politician who must be prepared to swallow a lot of the words he said earlier.
A book is on the table.
Tom is an old footballer.
Tom was a footballer.
Some books are on the table.
What Tom did was wrong.
Please take Tom with you.
Maybe Tom is dead.
It's hard to surprise Tom.
It was Tom who hit me.
It could've been Tom.
I'm sure Tom misses you.
I'm pretty sure that Tom just made up that story.
I think Tom just lied to me.
I think Tom dyes his hair.
I know that you love Tom.
Mary's a morning person, but Tom's very grumpy in the morning and needs two cups of coffee to get him going.
Thanks for the good conversation.
Tom intervened in a barroom fight and ended up with a black eye.
Teenagers are often embarrassed to be seen in public with their parents.
Mary's the only one who laughs at Tom's corny jokes.
If you do not move immediately, you will be arrested.
The police told the demonstrators that they'd be arrested if they didn't move immediately.
The author of "The Last of the Mohicans", James Fenimore Cooper, was the first environmentalist.
When my wife's friend comes to visit, I find it hard to get a word in edgeways.
Free speech is still dangerous in some countries.
He attacked Tom with strong arguments.
The timing of the announcement hurts the public relations of the police.
Go figure.
Tom's often been on the receiving end of his mother-in-law's sharp tongue.
Tom's very content now that Mary's moved in with him.
Tom's remark was tactless and insensitive.
Tom is prone to mood swings.
Tom has a very distinctive laugh and, even in a crowd, can be heard above everybody else.
The teacher supervising the playground became concerned when she saw a man talking to some of the children over the school fence.
The German soccer team beat Brazil convincingly.
This article is an alarming combination of gossip, superstition and nonsense.
Why does the government want to read my emails?
The three of you are under arrest.
She has a good memory.
She has a good reputation.
All my friends call me Tom.
Do you know which one of those guys is Tom?
I think the guy standing next to Mary is Tom.
Are you positive it was Tom who broke the window?
Some of us find such views to be sheer madness.
My boyfriend still doesn't know my parents.
Tom would like to have a word with you.
I've already considered that.
Who's the best person for the job?
Don't do anything until I get there.
I can't believe I actually wanted to marry you.
I'll never go back to Boston.
This just came in for you.
What do you propose we do?
What should I have done?
My wife still hasn't met my parents.
It is already morning.
Don't worry, you're in good company.
Could I please borrow your pen?
How could you make such a mistake?
I have a lorry.
She has valuable experience working in theaters.
The boy pulled a knife out of his pocket and attacked a classmate.
Do you mind if I sleep here?
Would you mind if I sleep here tonight?
Do you mind if I sleep here tonight?
Mary works at a local hospital.
Are you sure Tom won't mind if I sleep in his bed?
I'll sleep on the floor.
I couldn't say.
Do you mind if I go back to sleep now?
You haven't seen the last of me.
Tom threw a pillow at Mary and the pillow hit her squarely in the face.
Tom woke Mary up with a kiss on the cheek.
The ink is still wet.
The blood was still wet.
Do you really want to keep washing dishes for the rest of your life?
Don't you ever make me cry again!
Don't you ever make me cry again like that!
Sports are stupid.
Football is like a religion in this country.
He was a member of a social elite rather than the masses.
"Are you angry at me?" "How could anyone ever be angry at you?"
Tom and Mary were too tired to wash up and went to bed with their sink full of dirty dishes.
Tom's comments to the press caused quite a stir.
Tom claims that his comments were inaccurately reported in the newspaper article.
Some dairy farmers play soothing music to their cows while they are being milked, because relaxed, contented cows give more milk.
Apart from a filing tray full of papers on the desk, everything else in the room was on the floor.
You'll never guess what I saw this morning.
You should've left your car parked where it was.
Who else knows about this?
There was nothing you could've done to help.
The last time I saw Mary she was dressed in a nurse's uniform.
Tell me who else knows about this.
If you wait right here, I'll go get what you want.
If there's something else you want to say, just say it.
If memory serves me right, this is where we first met each other.
I'm not quite sure what to make of this.
I'm aware of the danger.
I wish I could explain to you how important this is to me.
I wanted to talk to you about that.
I think this is the best way to do it.
I think it's really important for you to go to Boston.
I hope I can get my old job back.
Exactly how many times did you do that?
We respect her.
We respect him.
My hair is still damp.
Mary isn't all that cute.
Mary is the maid of honor.
Mary is really pretty.
Mary is my older sister.
Mary is going to have a baby.
The team spirit was unbelievable, we were all in this together.
Could you please wait until I'm finished?
Please try to be as brief as possible.
Please be as brief as possible.
I hope we never have this kind of problem again.
You don't look like you're from around here.
You don't look like you're from around these parts.
What would you do in a situation like this, Tom?
I wonder what Tom would do in a situation like this.
My friends live in the same house as me.
There are nine people in my family.
My father has a good job.
I'll sure be glad to get out of here.
I'll do it first thing tomorrow morning.
I'll see you in hell.
I was just telling Tom how much we enjoyed having you here.
I want to make sure that you do what Tom asked you to do.
I think Tom has the right to meet his birth parents.
I think Tom has the right to get to know his birth parents.
This car can deactivate half of its engine's cylinders.
I confess my name's not really Tom.
I don't think your name's Tom.
Do you think that Tom had something to do with it?
Are you telling me Tom had nothing to do with this?
Hey, Tom, open up.
Get over here, Tom.
It's me again, Tom.
Come over here, Tom.
Do you need me, Tom?
Get used to it, Tom.
I should be the one taking care of Tom.
Say good night, Tom.
That's no good, Tom.
Glad to see you, Tom.
Have a nice day, Tom.
I love you, too, Tom.
Look around you, Tom.
Nice to see you, Tom.
Try to be brave, Tom.
Is Tom there already?
Aren't you going to miss Tom?
Where can we find Tom?
See you next week, Tom.
Where was Tom yesterday?
What do you do here, Tom?
I think Tom is intrigued.
I believe you all know Tom.
We're almost home now, Tom.
If Tom is happy, I'm happy.
I thought Tom was annoying.
I thought Tom would give up.
Are you positive it was Tom?
You're just as crazy as Tom.
How did Tom feel about that?
You're confusing me with Tom.
You're just as stupid as Tom.
I suppose Tom is still alive.
I'm not sharing this with Tom.
How long did you go out with Tom?
How long were you married to Tom?
I believe Tom asked you to leave.
Tell Tom that I'll be calling him.
It was a pleasure meeting you, Tom.
No one was more surprised than Tom.
We have you to thank for that, Tom.
I'm sure Tom is going to like that.
See what you can find out about Tom.
I won't do to Tom what he did to me.
I used to think Tom was good-looking.
I hope Tom follows your instructions.
I'm not going to force Tom to do that.
I think Tom is going to propose to me.
There's no way to keep Tom from going.
Exactly how many times did you hit Tom?
I heard Tom say he needed to find Mary.
Could you ask Tom to stop by after work?
If you wait right here, I'll go get Tom.
I suggest you don't ask Tom that question.
There's nothing that Tom can do about that.
I don't know why Tom is always complaining.
Do you think Tom knew you were lying to him?
Did you and Tom go on lots of trips together?
I suggest you avoid asking Tom that question.
I'm never going to be able to face Tom again.
I'm sure Tom has some questions he wants to ask you.
Under the circumstances, I don't think Tom would mind.
Do you have a problem with me going to Boston with Tom?
If Tom is the problem, maybe you should get rid of him.
If Tom isn't here by 2:30, he probably won't come at all.
What do you think Tom will say when he finds out about this?
I think it's really important for you to visit Tom in the hospital.
If my memory serves me right, Tom and Mary got married in October of 2003.
There was nothing that you could've done to stop Tom from doing what he did.
If I remember correctly, Tom and Mary got married in October of 2003.
He is worried about his future.
About the question: "What do you drink for breakfast?", "Nothing. I get up and read my email."
Recently, Tom has been worrying about his future.
We're going to have so much fun!
I ask about apples, and you answer me about pears.
I would like to live in Iceland.
Today is a national holiday in Iceland.
One day I will go to live in Iceland.
I am in Iceland this evening, I'll be home tomorrow.
Koala bears smell like eucalyptus.
Either it's a full moon or animals are just conspiring against us today.
It works the same way in every country.
It works the same way in every country. Well, almost.
What are the odds of that happening twice in a row?
If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it probably is a duck.
If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, then it's probably not a squirrel.
I like the movie "Me".
Something extraordinary happened to me this morning.
Would you like to improve your English?
I tried to understand what had happened.
Before Tom and Mary realized what was happening, their friendship had turned into love.
My patience has run out.
The Norwegian flag has a dark blue Nordic cross with white border on a red background, and it is from 1821.
Could you go and see if Tom is OK?
I thought Tom was still at home.
The continuing conflict between the different movements deepened even further.
The money was not invested in areas where it could bring benefit over the long term.
Tom experienced the whole gamut of emotions from sheer joy to utter despair during his relationship with Mary.
Would you like to go out for a drink after work?
Why don't you come over to my house for dinner tomorrow?
When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.
Meg has a natural gift for languages.
Tom found a dusty box full of photos in his grandfather's attic.
Mary started frantically cleaning up when her mother rang to say she'd call around in a half an hour.
Peanuts are not at all similar to nuts, but rather to peas.
Peanuts are not nuts but legumes.
Mary is used to Tom's moods.
Mary understands Tom's ups and downs.
She doesn't wash the dishes.
Tom squandered his inheritance on alcohol, women and fast cars.
Tom rubbed the magic lamp, and immediately the table was covered with delicious dishes.
Did you do that just to make him jealous?
Did you do that just to make her jealous?
Let there be not even the slightest doubt that this will cost us dearly. But that is the price we'll have to pay.
Tom plays in a band.
Tom plays in a band with Mary.
Mary plays in a band and she's the lead singer.
I can't even believe I'm saying this.
I can't even believe I'm doing this.
The eternal snow seems not so eternal anymore.
A good writer can reshape and improve his text many times.
"How do you know Tom?" "Mary dated him." "Oooh, I see."
"How do you know Tom?" "It's a long story."
We liked each other.
We never kissed, on the lips anyway.
We're friends, nothing more.
I didn't know that soccer was such a dangerous sport.
They were talking about me.
None of that was true.
We never dated, but we kissed once.
It's sad that so many players got hurt during the World Cup.
Tim Howard was the goalkeeper for the United States national team in 2014.
I can't believe they were talking about me!
Saying that the World Cup sparked interest in soccer in America might be an understatement.
LeBron James is one of the greatest basketball players of all time.
Tom was infatuated with the girl next door when he was a kid.
"I don't believe you!" "I swear!"
I was devastated.
I started dating Tom when I was in high school.
Well, are you going to ask him?
Well, are you going to ask her?
When are you going to ask her to marry you?
If he doesn't ask me out, I'll ask him out!
Were you ever good at sports?
I was just looking out the window.
That's not very nice.
That's not very original.
Is it true that you dated Tom in high school?
My parents are out of town.
"My parents are out of town. There's going to be a big party at my house. Do you want to come?" "I'm sorry, but I have to study."
I can read your thoughts.
I later found out that he was gay.
I guess we're even now.
Mary is very mature for her age.
Does that make you feel any better?
I knew that I'd break his heart, but I had no choice.
If you had one word to describe Tom, how would you describe him?
I thought you didn't drink.
I knew that I'd break her heart, but I had no choice.
Ooh, you don't know?
I don't know and I don't want to know.
Breaking up wasn't enough. I had to tell him that we couldn't be friends.
Mary kissed him, but Tom didn't kiss her back.
He is very frugal, but not stingy.
He gently laid a hand on her shoulder.
Tom is a famous movie star.
Tom craved attention.
He tried to manipulate me.
It was kind of weird.
What will my parents think?
Tom, I need to tell you something.
We were never meant for each other.
Their second album is much better than their first album.
Tom always keeps Mary's picture in his wallet.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Tom and Mary!
Do you believe in the power of love?
You'll pay for what you did to him.
You'll pay for what you did to her.
You'll pay for what you did to me.
Try to act natural.
He's charming, funny and intelligent.
I wanted to be with him all the time.
I wanted to be with her all the time.
I wanted to be with Tom all the time.
Tom wanted to be with Mary all the time.
Tom wants to be with Mary all the time.
Tom hangs out with Mary all the time.
Tom used to hang out with Mary all the time.
Recently, Tom has been hanging out with Mary all the time.
Tom said he didn't want to hang out with Mary anymore.
I think Tom hangs out with Mary too much.
Why are you always here?
This sentence needs more exclamation marks.
Mary isn't that pretty.
I saw Tom the other day.
I saw Mary the other day.
Don't lie about your age.
There's no way Tom can verify the information.
Tom had no way of verifying the information.
The judge thought that the witness's evidence was disingenuous and unconvincing.
You're making too much noise.
You shouldn't be doing that now.
You're on the wrong road.
You need to stop saying that.
You're running short of time.
Please don't change anything.
You barely touched your food.
You hardly ate anything.
You didn't eat very much.
You think I did it, don't you?
You know you don't mean that.
You know who I am, don't you?
You know I don't believe you.
You know his name, don't you?
I cry too much.
I cried too much.
You don't seem afraid at all.
You don't seem tired at all.
You don't scare easy, do you?
It seems like you don't remember me.
You don't need to be nervous.
You don't look like a weightlifter.
You weren't even there yesterday.
You know that's not possible.
Do you really think that's wise?
It would be true, if zero or more characters at the beginning of the string would match this regular expression.
I have already been waiting for him for several years.
Do you think that's a good idea?
You had me completely fooled.
You aren't thinking straight.
You haven't convinced me yet.
Be careful not to spill your beer.
You shouldn't have called me.
You should've called the cops.
I hear you're getting married again.
You should've let me help you.
You don't know how bad it is.
You don't know that for sure.
You don't know all the facts.
You don't have to yell at me.
You don't have to go, do you?
May I take a look at it?
You'll land on your feet.
You did all you could do.
You did a good job today.
You put in too much sugar.
You don't look like a cop.
I don't do stuff like that.
You don't even know my name.
You've known me thirty years.
You're talkative, aren't you?
You're miserable, aren't you?
You're lying now, aren't you?
You're looking a little pale.
You're impatient, aren't you?
You're efficient, aren't you?
You're ambitious, aren't you?
You think I'm mad, don't you?
You said I wouldn't enjoy it.
You have to trust me on that.
You got stood up, didn't you?
You don't have to be nervous.
You don't have any more time.
You don't have a lot of time.
You don't have a gun, do you?
You don't get to decide that.
You don't even know who I am.
You don't even know his name.
You don't believe it, do you?
You do like music, don't you?
You do believe me, don't you?
You didn't even know me then.
You couldn't wait, could you?
You couldn't have known that.
You can't make it without me.
You can't be certain of that.
Are you trying to make me mad?
Are you sure you're not angry?
You've left me no other choice.
You owe me another thirty bucks.
Please don't throw anything out.
Do you think I didn't hear that?
You just had to do it, didn't you?
You're not mad at me anymore, are you?
You know I'm not coming back, don't you?
Would it be OK if I took a quick shower?
You're afraid that I'm right, aren't you?
You didn't expect to find me here, did you?
There are some indications that the reception, which is known for its luxurious dishes, will be a bit more subdued this year.
I'm fine, thanks for asking!
Isn't life wonderful?
This car doesn't belong to me.
What is your nickname?
Do you speak German or English?
The idea of getting ammonia-powered household appliance inside my house doesn't attract me a lot.
The whole world loves Brazil.
Tom went back in time, killed his grandfather, and disappeared.
She's smart.
She is intelligent.
He makes mistakes like everyone else.
I'm straight.
"Are you straight or gay?" "I'm straight."
That's very hot. Don't touch it.
You fainted.
That's real gold.
That's our fault.
That troubles me.
Tom's researched his family history and intends to send a detailed family tree to all of his relatives.
Tom doesn't know much about his family history on his mother's side.
Tom's had regular run-ins with the law, and is considered the black sheep of his family.
Tom can only remember one of his grandparents.
Who decided that?
You need me here.
Tom found his birth mother after a five-year search.
I'm sick to death of the way you kids carry on.
Tom and Mary started to argue.
I can do it for you.
I can kill you.
I do need you.
I will fight you.
I'll marry you.
I'll raise you.
We caught you.
What's with you?
I need to win.
I'm going to win.
I have a wife.
I blame you, too.
I can do it, too.
I like you, too.
That's good, too.
I've missed Tom.
I remember this.
Leave them there.
How do I do that?
I believed that.
I do mean that.
I loved that.
Why was that?
I'm the surgeon.
We need it soon.
Bring a shovel.
I screamed.
I have my orders.
I like opera.
We chose this one.
I see it now.
It's cold now.
Blow your nose.
I got nauseous.
I hate moving.
It's all mine.
You're all mine.
Here's the milk.
That depresses me.
That scares me.
You can call me.
You can help me.
We need a maid.
I know that look.
I had to leave.
You knew I knew.
Bring the kids.
I believe in it.
I lied about it.
I never liked it.
I never saw it.
I really miss it.
I will stop it.
Take care of it.
We do love it.
I have a husband.
I was humiliated.
Leave those here.
Now it's here.
Now it's gone.
Who's it for?
Get me my food.
I got expelled.
Those men died.
I'm your deputy.
It's so clean.
I'm your captain.
I hate calculus.
Leave the bottle.
Hide that book.
I feel blessed.
I was to blame.
I hate beans.
Bring me my bag.
I smelled bacon.
I'm your assistant.
Tell me what really happened.
We are all relatively tired.
We like Chinese food.
Do you need to work on Sundays?
Tom is a software developer.
He's a pacifist.
How old were you when you moved to Boston?
We need to find a place to hide.
Does that surprise you?
Does that frighten you?
That's why I love you.
I'll bring it to you.
I really need you.
No one misses you.
Thanks for yesterday.
You're almost never wrong.
I've never been wrong.
I was totally wrong.
Here's how it works.
I need to know why.
I get what I want.
I'm not a vegetarian.
How does that help us?
Where's the truck?
I got you a treat.
I've got kids, too.
I'm going to stop Tom.
We can trust Tom.
We're great together.
I've dreamed about this.
I've dreamed of this.
Why would I do this?
I need time to think.
Is that a bad thing?
It's all right there.
I couldn't stop them.
We need to stop them.
Why do you need them?
I regret that I did that.
I want more than that.
I'm trying to do that.
No one's denying that.
I can help with that.
We took care of that.
I believe all that.
I'm sorry for that.
We both know that.
You deserve that.
I have a surprise.
I'm still not sure.
Please be specific.
What's your name, son?
I have a solution.
I got soaked.
They're both smiling.
You have a nice smile.
Where's your shirt?
You need to shave.
It's really serious.
It's quite serious.
I've got a lot to say.
That's all we saw.
I've heard the rumor.
I'm doing all right.
I feel like I'm ready.
We're more than ready.
I'm not a politician.
They rejected your plan.
It's a very good plan.
I'm an orthodontist.
Put some music on.
Everything seemed OK.
That's my final offer.
Where's the money now?
I'm not quitting now.
I'm doing this now.
I've worked all night.
Three is all we need.
I want to take a nap.
They cost too much.
Listen to your mother.
Clean up that mess.
That's what scared me.
What did you bring me?
You're just like me.
That does worry me.
Hardly anyone ever comes to visit me.
You abandoned me.
I'm no longer married.
I'm a lucky man.
You're very lucky.
You're going to lose.
You'd better listen.
What did it look like?
I may need a lawyer.
I might be home late.
Now it's too late.
Now we'll never know.
I've got the car keys.
I lost my job.
It's up to us to find it.
Put your back into it.
We're going to fix it.
Did you ever find it?
It's up to us to do it.
I'm still doing it.
Whose fault was it?
Be quick about it.
We have to try it.
Who destroyed it?
I have my own house.
My father is here.
How does that help?
I'm going to help.
How are your grades?
It tasted really good.
It was pretty good.
Why is that good?
Then where did you go?
I tried to forget.
There's a footprint.
It's partly your fault.
It's partly my fault.
We'd better be fast.
I got all excited.
How's everything else?
It's still very early.
I was not drinking.
Put your arm down.
Stop looking down.
That's how it's done.
That's what I'm doing.
There's the doctor.
Then what did you do?
What else could I do?
That could take days.
People say I'm crazy.
Tom thinks I'm crazy.
I'm still not certain.
Why do you even care?
I was kidding before.
Why are you in bed?
Why would that be?
How do I get back?
I need to get away.
Maybe you should ask.
Take a look around.
Put on your apron.
I'm very, very angry.
I'm tired already.
It was no accident.
He finally comes out after all these years.
I was in a great mood.
I was in excellent spirits.
Tom has mental problems.
Tom got drunk and drowned his sorrows in that one night of intemperance.
Does she have a big nose?
Do you want to go down the slide?
Tuscany is one of my favorite regions.
While Francesca was running in the park yesterday, she fell and she broke her arm. Yesterday evening her friends phoned her.
Everybody loves music in my class. When I arrived this morning, they were listening to a CD.
"What did you do yesterday evening at o'clock?" "I had dinner with my family, but while we we were eating, my brother surfed on Internet."
While we were speaking, Angela interrupted us and she asked us to help her.
Chaucer and Boccaccio are two writers.
The house closest to here is two miles away.
I met your father last week, so in the last week of June.
For some people the present is more important than the future.
He's as stupid as stubborn.
She's richer than pretty.
Chaucer and Boccaccio are two writers. The first one is English, the second one Italian.
The nights are always getting darker. They're turning the lights on later.
In winter, the days become shorter and it gets darker earlier.
Mr. Grant is the oldest of the elders, Mr. Smith is the youngest.
"Do you like this painting?" "Yes, but I think the frame is more expensive than the picture. Where did you buy it?"
This is happening.
I would like a sugar bowl like his!
I would like a sugar bowl like hers!
Go only there.
Someone is up.
Let's drink this beer.
You can read the program of the festival on the brochure.
There are many singers in this singing festival.
Is the festival free?
This is the festival I told you about!
The festival is free.
Do any of you know who is responsible for organizing the festival and the management of groups to play?
I am very concerned about the seriousness of the festival.
Do you want me to believe that there will be no music festival with foreign guests in Italy this summer?
Did you hear that they canceled that jazz festival?
In all the rest of Europe, there will be monstrous festivals this year.
I wanted to see if there was a chance to save the festival.
I had already left by the time it finished.
You owe it to yourself.
I've got bad news for you.
What can I get for you?
It might not even work.
I'll see you next week.
Leave the matter to us.
Who's going to stop us?
I got a parking ticket.
What's that over there?
I want to be with them.
Do you want me to do that?
How do you figure that?
Why would they do that?
I know it sounds silly.
What I need is a shovel.
I need to go get ready.
You broke your promise.
That's the whole point.
My door is always open.
I know who that is now.
Where is everybody now?
That was a great movie.
What changed your mind?
What did they bring me?
You look like a lawyer.
I have to live with it.
I know how they did it.
I know you won't do it.
I no longer need it.
You're running a fever.
Do you know how I feel?
That man looks familiar.
That's no exaggeration.
That's just not enough.
What's the destination?
Do it the best you can.
Do the best you can.
I just want to go back.
I admire your ambition.
I want to see them all.
How long have you two been working together?
What I need is a little more time.
Are you two working together again?
I'm sure I won't have any girlfriend anymore.
I don't need a heart anymore.
Tom got up to a lot of mischief at school.
A stray dog followed Tom home and he decided to keep it.
Tom grew to love the stray dog that followed him home.
Tom always had pets when he was growing up.
Tom's remark was insensitive.
There is a lot more I wish I could say.
Even if the tiger is dead tired, it is still as powerful as a sheep.
Maria, who has just been appointed as National Coordinator against violent extremism, participated in a demonstration in which the Elbonian flag was ritually burned.
Does Tom believe in God?
Understood why I am opposed to women on the tatami?
Is it true they're planning on raising the minimum wage?
Is it true they're planning to raise the minimum wage?
Is it true that Tom and Mary are dating?
Did you know that Tom and Mary were dating?
You're wondering who I am, aren't you?
That was very generous of you.
We'd do anything to help you.
I'm glad Tom invited you.
That's why I lied to you.
We'd do anything for you.
I'm scared of you.
Mary and I dated for three years.
It could be a lot worse.
It's about to get worse.
This is really going well.
You're not doing so well.
That really went well.
They're heading this way.
I've found a better way.
What color is your truck?
We'll deal with it tomorrow.
What if we don't find Tom?
It's our job to help Tom.
We'll always be together.
We got here at exactly the same time.
We may not have much time.
What would I do with one of those?
It looked similar to this.
When did you decide this?
Why do I need to do this?
Is that such a bad thing?
We're not supposed to do that.
Do you think Tom can do that?
Who would ever believe that?
Are you willing to do that?
Do you think I can do that?
How do you plan to do that?
How am I going to do that?
I'm real sorry about that.
There's a reason for that.
What would I do with that?
What's so wrong with that?
How will you manage that?
Stop worrying about that.
Tom and Mary got matching tattoos.
How long will that take?
You have our full support.
You'd better do it soon.
What color were Tom's socks?
I bought the wrong size.
How long was your shift?
What exactly did you see?
I like my eggs scrambled.
That's all I'm going to say.
I'll try to do the same.
I got straight A's.
I thought you were rude.
They're absolutely right.
You'd better do it quickly.
Mary used to be so pretty.
How did you figure it out?
What have you found out?
It's a great opportunity.
How did you pull that off?
I'm prepared to do that now.
I'm quite satisfied now.
I was working all night.
I looked into the mirror.
Why did you ask to see me?
You completely ignored me.
Leave the driving to me.
Thank you for asking me.
That's the choice we made.
I'm a very good listener.
How long will that last?
That's about all I know.
That's the way we like it.
I'm sure it was worth it.
Please be quick about it.
I think we should do it.
I think I know what it is.
I'm not easily impressed.
This is really important.
We're heading home.
You'd better do it before Tom gets here.
I'm not sure why you wanted me here.
I'm not sure why I'm here.
I thought Tom could help.
Can you turn up the heat?
Where are you folks from?
What do you want me for?
It's not all your fault.
You'd better do it fast.
There was a huge explosion.
What do I get in exchange?
That explains everything.
Would you call a doctor?
What did Tom ask you to do?
It was the right decision.
That was a bad decision.
When was this decided?
It's not open to debate.
It gets worse every day.
What crime did you commit?
It's not going to be cheap.
I'm not going to change.
You never had a chance.
What color is your car?
Are you a natural blonde?
It's only just the beginning.
That's just the beginning.
Could I get my ring back?
We hardly see you anymore.
I'd like an honest answer.
We can start over again.
Let's start over again.
It is very difficult, if not impossible, to translate jokes.
Tom's a moderate drinker, but his father drinks like a fish.
Tom's father's a bit of a soak.
Tom takes after his mother.
On a clear day, we can see Mt. Fuji from here.
Life is just the extreme expression of common chemistry.
I'd like to go to Boston again someday.
I don't have time to help her.
What is Ido?
The year of the dragon has ended.
The eggs are in the basket.
The fish are in the sea.
There are two bank cards in the wallet.
The wallet is in the bag.
The wallet is on the bag.
Which one of these people is your friend?
This Chinese book is not too difficult for us.
How much is this book?
This book costs dollars.
This is tofu.
That is tofu.
This is a Chinese language book.
This is my Japanese friend.
This is a Chinese restaurant.
This is Chinese food.
Is this tofu?
There are two bottles of red wine on this picture.
There are five people in this photo.
There are four lovely children in this photo.
This new word is particularily important for us.
This is not my Japanese friend.
There are no cars on the street.
Who taught you to speak?
Please give me money.
Please repeat.
If I have a lot of money, I'll buy a new car.
The year of the snake has begun.
The teacher should be very patient with her students.
Most of the Finnish people are very friendly to Chinese people.
There are a lot of eggs in the basket.
The dentist is very polite to the patient.
Excuse me, what are you doing?
Excuse me, where is the library?
Yesterday I sold two books.
Did you ski yesterday?
Merry Spring Festival!
There is a lot of snow on the roof.
I also teach English to them.
I think this is blue.
I think she is very brave.
I think he is not home.
I buy you a present.
I know the Chinese characters.
Both my parents are musicians.
My sister is a teacher.
My major is comparative religion.
I am not married.
I often drink tea.
I teach you to speak English.
I am rich, fat and happy.
I am interested in movies.
I am interested in books.
I am interested in Chinese religion.
My surname is Ling.
I am not so happy.
If you think education is expensive, consider the cost of ignorance.
I fly to Italy.
I drink two cups of coffee.
I study comparative religion in the arts faculty at Turku University.
I ate apples.
I eat a slice of bread.
I ate that apple.
I go to university.
I sell two flowers.
I sell flowers.
Our classroom is very small.
There are at least thirty students in our class.
Our class has more than twenty students.
Our class has more than ten students.
We are in school.
We teach you to speak English.
We are in Finland.
We also write Chinese characters very well.
I buy flowers.
I buy two pretty flowers.
I am also here.
I drink tea, too.
I also drink two cups of tea.
I am not happy.
I do not know.
I am not too rich, too fat or too happy.
I am not interested in sports.
I am not busy.
I am not rich, fat or happy.
You also teach her English?
What is the password to your computer?
Many Finns are interested in culture.
Sorry.
It speaks.
It did not teach her to speak.
She comes in.
She knows the Chinese characters very well.
She is sick.
How many professors are there in Turku University?
These Chinese characters are not too difficult for us.
Last year I had five cars.
India is in Asia.
What do you think about this?
Do you know how to speak?
Has your friend divorced?
Have you got a little sister?
Have you drank tea?
I'm faster.
You are the fastest.
Are you a reporter?
How did you learn to speak?
You are interested in computers.
Are you not a teacher?
You teach us to speak English.
You are going home.
Did you drink tea?
Do you drink tea?
You eat potato chips.
You are going to my home.
When do you go to class?
You do not teach us to speak English.
He wants to work in China for two years.
His boss is friendly, he's American.
He has more than a thousand books.
He is a Japanese businessman, but he lives in Finland.
He is always online.
He is often home.
He is good to me.
He sails to Sweden.
He is waiting for me in the yard.
He is on the Internet.
He rests at home for an hour.
He is in the library.
He writes the Chinese characters very well.
He rests for two days.
They teach us to speak.
They do not teach them to speak English.
They go to movies together.
Does he go to school?
Are you watching TV today?
When can you come to my home?
When did the movie start?
I will graduate in two years.
Are they brutal enough?
You'll rue the day you wronged me.
All the jobs I aspired to were denied to me due to my haemophilia.
If you do not smoke, you can extend your life.
I haven't yet finished my homework.
It's been predicted for months.
I'm exaggerating.
How long does it last?
That's not allowed!
This car is not mine.
French cuisine is excellent.
You know I'm not coming back, right?
There our five people in our family.
I am a bit shy.
How about getting some coffee?
I've read Zola's body of work, he's my favorite writer.
In the morning I usually have a soft-boiled egg.
My uncle has a glass eye and a wooden leg.
She would like to be a psychiatrist.
We want to see the newborn when he is wide awake.
My uncle collects Chinese fans.
Because he hadn't eaten anything before the hike, he was about to pass out.
You should study seriously if you want to pass the exam.
She is a student at the university.
Unfortunately he's a little too narrow-minded to accept these changes.
In order to visit our country, foreigners will from now on need a special visa.
I find his words strange, do you?
It's strange that our friends are not here.
He didn't do that out of meanness, but rather out of absent-mindedness.
The North Star is very easy to find.
After several hours of fighting the fire, the firemen were able to put it out.
The Head of State is here on an official visit.
Our apartment is on the third floor.
She likes teamwork.
I gotta go.
You're going to get better.
Stay away from my computer.
There's nobody at the door.
Do you know why that happens?
What effect will that have?
I yelled for help.
You have a beautiful house.
Leave it right where it is.
How long have you owned it?
I'm beginning to regret it.
We're both a lot older now.
This is standard procedure.
You should both just relax.
What do you want in return?
You have a very nice smile.
I've got some work to do.
I've got some studying to do.
That's why we have to stay.
How do you feel about that?
What else did you do there?
Are you sure about all this?
It's a nice day for a walk.
I think it's going to work.
How exactly can I help you?
There are a lot of dogs here, aren't there?
We're not really going out in this rain, are we?
There's no way to know how much time it's going to take.
I'll never doubt you again.
Don't ever come back here again.
I probably will do that again.
I'll probably never do that again.
I probably never will come here again.
I'll probably never come here again.
I'm not ever going back there again.
I care for you a great deal.
That's what I intend to do.
That's what I'm going to do.
That's what we'd like to do.
What do you expect me to do?
You know it as well as I do.
I have the same symptoms as you do.
You're as charming as ever.
I promise I won't forget.
I just need to find out why that happened.
I had no idea you were here.
How do you plan to do it?
That's not very far, is it?
Are you waiting for me to do it?
How are you dealing with it?
How do you plan on doing it?
I don't know how to stop it.
I know exactly how to do it.
I promise I won't forget it.
I said don't worry about it.
I'm going to help you do it.
That's how we dealt with it.
That's not very fair, is it?
That's not very good, is it?
That's not very nice, is it?
We have you to thank for it.
If you see or hear anything, let me know.
Children often make mistakes.
All you care about is money.
I'd like you to do the same.
What was I supposed to say?
We're back where we started.
I have the same symptoms.
How long's it going to take?
Whose fault is that?
I've learned to accept that.
Why exactly would I do that?
Why exactly would you want to do that?
There's absolutely no reason not to do that.
I'll have to meet you there.
Who's responsible for these?
Who's responsible for this?
You need to help me do this.
Where did you find my umbrella?
I have no idea who it was.
I hope it stays that way.
It's going to stay that way.
I just need to find out why.
I've always dated older women.
This is never going to work.
I'd love to go out with you.
You have to let me help you.
How did that work out for you?
You know I would never hurt you.
I saw Marcus's house.
This is my younger sister.
It's necessary to wait just ten days.
Have you ever been in Boston before?
Have you ever been to Boston before?
A war exploded between the two countries.
When studying a language, one must work hard and not worry about making mistakes, because by making mistakes you can get better.
The areas with lowest precipitation are on the leeward side of the mountains.
I shot the horse because it had bad breath.
I don't find that amusing.
I just saw her.
A small, but vocal minority, disrupted the meeting.
You turned off the computer.
Tom's expected to make a full recovery.
Please write to me as soon as possible!
In the darkness, we could just barely make out two figures.
Is it true what they're saying about Tom?
Mark left yesterday, you will leave tomorrow, and I am leaving today.
Please fill up the bottle with water.
Damn, where did I put my glasses?
How long will your friend Jane stay in Milan?
Mary's faith helped her get through the tragedy that befell her.
He leans to the left side of the political spectrum.
I need to pee.
The grapes are so sour that I can't eat them.
Religion is its own worst enemy.
What was Tom doing in there?
Tom heard a sound downstairs.
Tom has to go to the hospital.
Tom has a wonderful voice.
I think I found a problem.
Just put it back on the desk.
Tell Tom I'll be back.
The fresh strawberries went like hot cakes.
Tom's book about his life with Mary sold like hot cakes.
The first step is very difficult.
Mary made a batch of cupcakes for the party, and they were eaten in no time.
Use it with caution.
He completed his mission very successfully.
If you want to change people, you must love them.
Tom stayed up late into the night working on his speech.
I'm used to this kind of work.
The boy had a mischievous smirk on his face.
Wipe that smirk off your face.
Dang! I've lost my job!
Make way, dude. I'm coming through.
Let's suck down some brewskis and have a good time!
The truth is that Tom is not such a hick, buddy.
Damn crappy device doesn't work anymore.
He sprained his knee during a volleyball match.
I don't know how you feel and I don't want to either.
I didn't expect to become this sort of adult...
When you're tired, sleeping is the best thing.
These grapes are too sour to eat.
I came from Switzerland.
I came from Iran.
Excuse me, how much is this sweater?
Did you go to Tokyo Tower?
What's so interesting about baseball?
What do you want to do? Go home?
I don't have any male siblings.
Thank you, I'm just looking.
Mr. Smith went out to get lunch.
Tom doesn't want to help you.
Charles has to go to the hospital.
What are their rights?
It’s not gay unless the balls touch.
The current federal policy prefers junk food to healthy food which we all need.
Melanie works as a translator.
Melanie works as a journalist.
Germany has won the FIFA World Cup!
Tom is no genius.
I cannot approve of you, my dear daughter, in having taken a liking to a stranger, whom you will probably never meet again.
A deep sigh was Ethel's only response.
I have more than once seen, from the depths of a dark cave, the young maidens of Kole or Oëlmoe wash their bare feet in the water of the streams, singing softly.
Had he not promised that he would return?
Oh my God! Someone is knocking at the door!
I remember that one day, when I was a child, I went to see Notre-Dame's great bell.
The dog crushed the captain's cigar as he walked by; the captain took no notice of it.
I want a priest, and a crucifix, so that I may kiss it!
The paradise was in my heart.
I had the paradise in my heart.
Are you done? she said, as I had but started.
She was out of breath and she laughed. I was serious and I looked at the dark pupils of her eyes through her dark eyelashes.
"My son, do you believe in God?" "Yes, my father."
Do you believe in the one holy, catholic, and apostolic Church?
I need to see you, and to see you again, and to see you always.
One notices readily, Ethel, that French blood courses in your veins.
Ethel was thinking about something else entirely.
He is noble of heart.
This man is a spy; he must die.
The future has many names.
Tom has neither cat nor dog.
I do not come as an enemy, but as a friend.
I owe you much more than you owe me, I said to him. I owe you the life of my fiancee, Mary.
You cannot buy friends, you can only make friends.
I learned with consternation that my fears had come to pass.
Oh! he said, I would gladly drown myself, if the water was not so cold!
My poor uncle was there, lying on his bloody bed, with a dagger lodged deeply in his heart.
When Pierre Gringoire reached the Place de Grèves, he was drenched.
Mercy! Mercy! Mercy! What do you want from me? What have I done to you?
In a vast space left empty between the crowd and the fire, a young girl danced.
Will you shut up, hellish cicada?
A few moments later, all slept soundly.
Scoundrel! I cried, what are you doing?
All of this is very worrying.
The honest Benignus loved life extraordinarily, but he loved gold prodigiously.
A big dog, sitting on its tail, was watching the fire.
We must part; the day will soon break.
Courage, my friends!
I beg you pardon, milord. It's not Hebrew, but Latin.
Oh! How cruel is it to love when we are apart from the one we love!
Poor girl! What had this young and pure soul done to be already subjected to such misfortune?
Shut up, servant of hell!
The girl seemed to pay no attention to him.
She shook her head and said nothing.
The viper's tongue is never more venomous than when it is coated with honey.
By the chalice of Jesus, Reverend hermit, what is this infernal liquor?
What is thunder? It's Satan's laughter.
The life of the prisoner and of his defenceless daughter is threatened by a diabolical plot.
Nothing prevents, when one has a wife, to have a mistress at the same time.
His grey and lifeless eyes burned like two hot coals.
The old man started to laugh sadly.
Poor girl! she cried, what can I do for you?
Through time and space, souls sometimes have mysterious correspondences.
Don't scream, or you're dead.
I am only afraid of the living!
I'm not brave, I admit; but I'm not superstitious.
The moon was completely hidden by a big black cloud.
Heaven be praised! I come on time.
The two lovers looked at each other, rendered speechless by surprise.
You love my daughter; but are you sure that she loves you?
I do not know if, to use your manner of speech, he loves you; but I know that he will return.
The poor girl looked up at the sky.
Oh God, help me!
Tonight, a coffin will be our wedding bed.
There is less dishonour in my death than in life as you propose it to me.
Both were silent, because there are some emotions that can only be expressed by remaining silent.
He felt the most heavenly joy that he had experienced since birth.
He felt the most divine joy that he had experienced since his birth.
And then there was a great silence.
Caution is the eldest daughter of wisdom.
Both were silent, because there are emotions that can only be expressed by remaining silent.
There is no one in my life as important as Naz.
I'm not that kind of sentence!
Tom is stalking me! Help!
I just got a weird message from Tom.
"Germany won the World Cup!" "Yeah, Tom, I know. Were you hiding in the woods or something for the past few days?"
This one's cuter.
Tom's cuter anyway.
I saw Tom the other day. He helped a kitten that was drowning in the river.
Did you know that Mesut Özil, the famous German footballer, is also Turkish?
That looks pretty cool.
That's so not cool.
Tom, stop sending me weird pictures! In fact, why don't you stop sending me anything at all.
I know that you hate each other, but you need to work together. You're on the same team.
We all need to work together. We're on the same team.
I went over to Tom's house the next morning and told him what had happened.
I need to ask my mom if it's okay first.
"It's not my fault if you lose things." "But you stole them from me!"
Stop always putting yourself last.
"Oh, hi mom. Were you listening or something?" "No, I was just passing by."
"What do his parents do?" "I have no idea."
Did you really break up with her over the phone? That's rude.
It fits me just right.
Tom is the head of the household.
None of this was my fault.
We could get caught.
This is crazy! We could get caught!
Lukas is about 33% cuter than Tom.
"Your brother is much cuter than mine." "Whaat?"
That's a stupid name for a band.
I don't like your band's name. I think that it's stupid.
And now I'm trouble because of you!
I'm in trouble because of you.
Did you have fun at the game? Who won?
Guess whose birthday it is today.
None of this was your fault.
Mary didn't say anything, but she disapproved with her eyebrows.
What if my mom says no?
What if Tom says no?
Tom has wide shoulders and narrow hips.
Mary has narrow shoulders and wide hips.
I thought we could be friends.
I can do it too!
Mary! Mary! Mary!
This is just amazing.
Tom, call security right now!
No woman has ever done this before.
No woman had ever done this before.
Do you want to walk together?
Are you happy with your appearance?
Oh my God, Mary has done it!
Oh my God, Tom has done it!
"Where is Tom's house?" "I think it's the house with red balloons and the big sign that says 'Happy birthday, Tom!'"
"Hello girls." "Hello Tom, and happy birthday too!"
Do you want a soda?
Tom is an average-looking guy.
I'm going first!
I'm not going second, I'm going first.
I'm not going second, I'm going third.
That wasn't even a lie.
I touched the bottom.
Did you touch the bottom?
What if someone sees this?
What if someone sees it?
What if someone sees us?
Tom said that he was fine.
Mary said that she was fine.
Tom didn't even notice my new outfit.
You haven't met my mom yet.
I just want to find the right guy.
I saw some girls bully her.
Tom was my first crush.
Mary was my first crush.
He was my first crush.
She was my first crush.
I don't even care if they hate me.
You're just like an angel.
He's dumb and immature.
Tom is dumb and immature.
Where does the truth end and the lies begin?
Why doesn't Tom pay any attention to me?
Why doesn't Tom return my phone calls?
Why doesn't Mary return my phone calls?
Can't we just be friends?
Why can't we just be friends?
Tom is rich, successful and handsome.
I stared into his eyes.
How dare you do that to Tom?
How dare you do that to me?
Hey, you two! What are you doing?
How dare you do that to a girl, Tom?
You're very mature for your age.
That's very observant of you.
Pack and get dressed before your parents hear us.
I thought nothing could go wrong.
I thought nothing could go wrong, but I was wrong.
The first thing my mother said was: "Are you crazy?"
I love the way it feels.
We should go together.
We're so glad to have you here tonight.
Sorry, but Tom's right.
Sorry, but Mary's right.
Love has been described as an affection curable by marriage.
Does anyone care or should I just kill myself?
Love is a temporary insanity curable by marriage.
I wish nothing but the best for you.
I didn't know that Tom had so many fans.
I don't even care if you hate me.
I don't even care if he hates me.
I don't even care if she hates me.
I don't even care if you're handsome.
I've been looking for something.
I'm not easily offended.
It would be awesome!
How do we know that she is who she says she is?
How do we know that he is who he says he is?
We can work that out.
I can't afford it right now.
I won't be able to pay for it.
Have you tried that before?
Have you tried this before?
We must study English every day.
There can be no relief without pain.
This is not war.
What's the worst tattoo you've ever seen?
This hotel was very near the lake.
This hotel is very near the lake.
You can't be approached with a pure heart.
Tom needs to go to the hospital.
You CAN do it.
You MAY do it.
I quite like Mary, but Tom's not my cup of tea.
At 90, Tom's grandmother still leads a very active life.
Tom leads a relatively active life.
The experience had a profound impact on Tom.
Tom burnt the candle at both ends preparing for his final exams.
E-cigarettes are being promoted as a healthy alternative to tobacco cigarettes, but health authorities are concerned about the long-term health effects on users.
Tom lives life to the fullest.
Tom says he needs to buy a new computer.
Tom told me he needed to buy a new computer.
The highest slides in Latin America are in Brazil.
I don't know them at all.
I bought you a gift.
Turkey is closing all the check-points of its border with Syria.
She wanted a child for a long time.
She had nice teeth. She liked to laugh to show them off.
This will kill that.
Nicolas Flamel dreamed of turning lead into gold.
The alchemists wanted to turn lead into gold.
You can clearly see he is crazy. He doesn't believe in astrology.
I warned you he was crazy.
"What does Phoebus mean?" "It's a Latin word that means sun."
I've been listening to this song on repeat since this morning.
I've been listening to this song non-stop since this morning.
This one is free.
Smoking shortens your life.
If you are happy, I am happy.
I hate horror films.
Do you have stomach pain?
Do I have to do that?
Marie is my best friend.
When he told me that, I was dumbfounded.
The summer collection has arrived.
How could God do that to us?
I was very ashamed of what I had done.
All my friends turned their back on me.
I'm on the pill.
The waitresses are young, pretty, sexy and well-dressed.
Thomas lives in France but works in Belgium.
She is shy so she cannot say "I love you".
I love your country.
Is there something in the fridge we can drink?
I want to stay a few days.
This magnificent electric kettle is on sale at only €29.96.
The ball hit the crossbar.
The ball hit the bar.
Marcel Kittel has won the first stage of the Tour de France.
He never wears a tie.
You are in no state to drive.
I am convinced that something is happening between them.
I saw that in the newspaper this morning.
Are you deaf or what?
Peel the potatoes and the carrots.
The Germans have won again.
The two lovers swore to love each other for eternity.
Tom thinks that vaping is safer than smoking cigarettes, but Mary's not so sure.
An aboriginal footballer was racially vilified by a member of the opposing team.
Tom had to abide by the court's ruling relating to his access to his children.
The court ruled that Tom's children could spend every second weekend with him.
Mary can't abide Tom leaving his dirty clothes on the floor.
Mary gets upset when Tom leaves his dirty clothes on the floor.
Mary doesn't like it when Tom leaves his dirty clothes on the floor.
What's the next math problem?
Will that be hard for you?
Were you unlucky?
Were you unhappy?
They rejected my proposal.
Mary was wearing a pretty dress.
Mary used to be beautiful.
Let's play ball.
I'm bushed.
Did you call 911?
I always needed some attention.
What a stupid guy!
On a sheet of paper, talk about your routine.
What is the difference between "make" and "do" in English?
What is the difference between "skill" and "ability" in English?
I'd appreciate it if someone translated my sentences.
There are many more vowels in French than in Japanese.
I'm so sorry, but I forgot your name.
Whoa!
Oh, sorry.
Today, the thought occurred to me that it wouldn't be possible to give you class tomorrow.
Our chemistry lesson yesterday was about dilution of acids and bases.
I wasn't able to find a Portuguese dictionary in this bookstore.
He kissed the boy and he liked it.
Did you ask Tom why?
Did you hear Tom is in town?
You don't really know me, Tom.
You don't seem to get it, Tom.
You know everything I do, Tom.
You shouldn't have killed Tom.
You need to help me find Tom.
Who's going to stop Tom?
How did you answer Tom?
You're better than Tom.
Did you ever meet Tom?
Let's go and get Tom.
How do you know Tom is there?
How often does Tom do that?
It looks like Tom will succeed.
Are you sure this is Tom's?
Maybe we can stop at Tom's.
Were you a friend of Tom's?
Which way is Tom's room?
Let's hope Tom is all right.
Do you know what Tom is doing now?
What was Tom's last name?
It has Tom's name on it.
Do you know what Tom's favorite food is?
What's Tom still doing here?
How soon will Tom get here?
I've never seen Tom wear a hat.
Do you know where Tom is going?
We'll never let Tom go.
Is that Tom's car parked out front?
What's Tom's favorite food?
I just need to find out why Tom didn't come.
You owe Tom an apology.
All Tom needs is a little love and affection.
Don't set off the alarm.
What was Mary's last name before she got married?
The guard unlocked the cell door.
Maybe I need a lawyer.
Some days I have too many conversations with too many people. I can't remember who said what.
I am afraid to write English comments while I'm trying to learn English.
Four months later, Tom emerged from his self imposed hibernation.
Generally speaking, gambling is frowned upon.
You should throw those out.
You haven't even tried.
Would you like to try it again?
I think I'll be able to find it.
Do you have a letter opener I can borrow?
You should throw it out.
You should throw it away.
You should throw these away.
You should throw this away.
You should throw those away.
This could take a long time.
Have I changed that much?
Did we wake you up?
Mary just got her hair done.
Mary is really a nice girl.
Mary is extremely beautiful.
That man said his name was Tom.
If Tom can do it, I'm sure I can do it, too.
Can you handle it, Tom?
My mother is not a secretary.
Tom jotted down a few notes while he was talking on the phone.
The rapist showed no signs of remorse during his trial.
Tom has periods of debilitating depression followed by bursts of manic activity.
Mary regularly needs to have ingrowing eyelashes trimmed by an optometrist.
Tom stubbed his toe when he got up in the night to go to the toilet.
Tom slept through a show on TV that he'd been looking forward to watching all day.
A growing number of people are walking in front of traffic and being run over while texting.
Hamisi uses sugar.
Hamisi wants sugar.
My friend wants sugar.
My friend wants milk.
My friend uses sugar.
Hamisi doesn't want sugar.
Hamisi doesn't use sugar.
Hamisi doesn't use milk.
My friend doesn't use milk.
My friend doesn't use sugar.
My friend doesn't want sugar.
The children use sugar.
There is not enough bread.
There is not enough milk.
There is not enough fruit.
There are not enough oranges.
There are not enough mangoes.
There's not enough food.
There is not enough butter.
There is not enough meat.
There is not enough tea.
There is not enough coffee.
There is not enough gruel.
There are not enough bananas.
Tom needs a cup of sugar.
Tom likes coffee without sugar.
Tom mistook the sugar for salt.
Tom puts honey in his tea instead of sugar.
Tom uses honey instead of sugar.
Tom usually drinks coffee without sugar.
Tom's doctor suggested that he cut down on sugar.
Tom reached for the sugar bowl.
Tom reached for the sugar that was on the next table.
Fake it till you make it.
You look like a policeman.
Stop phubbing me.
Better than the one who knows what is right is he who loves what is right.
Music is everything.
Who does he look like now?
I have not eaten.
I never realized that Tom is such a moron.
I came back from my holiday today.
He makes everything worth it!
Edinburgh is my favourite place in the world.
The cow miscarried.
The cow lost its calf.
The cow cast a calf.
What rhymes with Tatoeba?
Tom still uses a typewriter.
Tom became a hero in his hometown.
Tom is a hero in his hometown.
Tom is intelligent and energetic.
Tom doesn't like being contradicted.
Tom is very energetic.
Nobody can change history, although many have tried.
They're just jealous that we're having fun.
Tom is just jealous that we're having so much fun.
Why are you doing this, Tom, why?
Contrary to what many people think, during the Middle Ages most people believed that the world was spherical, not flat.
He went on a quest to find the point where the sky touches the Earth.
I don't believe in astrology, but that doesn't mean that I don't read my horoscope.
Prague is one of Eastern Europe's most famous cities.
Ljubljana is one of the most beautiful cities in Eastern Europe.
Tom is an old friend of mine from high school.
Yesterday, I got a telegram from Tom.
Alright, that's enough.
It was a beautiful night.
He's just angry because we're having so much fun.
It's not that big of a deal.
Everyone inside the company knows that layoffs are coming, but no one knows if they're going to be laid off.
Are you wearing a protective face mask?
Mary works at a local bookstore.
"You know what I mean." "Actually, Tom, I don't."
You could do it if you really wanted to.
"Does Tom have a girlfriend?" "I don't know; that is of no importance to me."
What were you two doing there? I thought that you were supposed to be in Boston.
"Please, I never ask you for anything." "That's not true. You ask me for things all the time."
"I know what you're about to say." "No, you don't!"
Why did you do that to him?
Why did you do that to her?
Why did you do that to her, Tom? She loved you!
I'm probably just paranoid.
I'm probably just being paranoid.
Tom goes to a different high school.
I wouldn't want you to get the wrong impression about me.
We don't have to go anywhere fancy. Maybe we could just grab something at Tom's Restaurant.
Is this an invitation?
Is this a date?
Is this a date, or what?
Was that an insult?
Was that a squirrel?
Does Tom really have a girlfriend?
Why are you telling me that Tom has a girlfriend?
Why are you telling me that Tom has a girlfriend? Do I look like I care?
Do I look like I care?
Just try to come back home in one piece.
His blue eyes were clear and bright.
I saw the fear in his eyes.
"Are you serious?" "I'm absolutely serious."
I haven't got a chance.
"I haven't got a chance." "Yes, you have!"
What are your plans for the night?
Tell me the truth. I won't get mad.
Just tell me the truth. I promise I won't get mad.
You have to tell me the truth.
I wouldn't go that far.
I don't have the money to do that.
You are so childish sometimes.
I was just day-dreaming.
I wasn't that smart in school.
I'm sorry for everything I've done to you.
You aren't going to tell my parents, are you?
You aren't going to call my parents, are you?
Tom puts stevia in his coffee instead of sugar.
I found a nice tie for Tom.
Mary wore a beautiful dress.
That man didn't give me his name.
I'd like to dedicate this song to Tom.
I'd like to dedicate this song to Mary.
I'd like to dedicate this song to my mom.
It's yours if you want it.
He wasn't the best lover either.
You aren't going to tell Tom, are you?
You aren't going to tell Mary, are you?
"You aren't going to tell Tom, are you?" "And why not?"
I'd like to dedicate this song to my mother.
I don't know what's the matter with me.
There's some leftover food in the fridge.
That's what my mom keeps telling me.
That's what Tom keeps telling me.
That's what my friends keep telling me.
You need to move on.
Wait, did you say girlfriend or boyfriend?
I need to go feed the chicken.
I need to go milk the cows.
Tom is mowing his front lawn.
"You can have whatever you want." "What about that?" "No, that's too expensive."
Tom found a Roman coin.
Tom found an ancient gold coin.
Tom found a chest buried in the sand.
Can I borrow this for a little while?
Can I chat with you outside for a second?
"Do you want to play?" "I don't know how."
Tom is serving a ten-year sentence for manslaughter.
It's not like I'm not trying.
I've got a bad memory for names.
The king had numerous illegitimate children with her.
The first step toward recovery is admitting that you have a problem.
She's a living encyclopaedia.
This city has a bike-sharing service.
It's a work of art.
What kind of candy did you buy?
What kind of candy do you like?
It's still cloudy.
It's our only hope.
Go back to the lab.
It could get messy.
I'm hungry now.
It's a risky plan.
It could be risky.
It might be risky.
Did you draw that?
Were you truthful?
I don't think I've done anything wrong.
Smoking in a car with children is considered as tantamount to child abuse.
Smoking in a car with a child under is against the law.
Tom felt very bad about what had happened.
This is also an invariant of history. Gallic disappeared because Gallic elites were quick to send their children to the Roman school. In the same way, provincial elites later taught their offspring French at the expense of the regional languages. The ruling classes are often the first to adopt the language of the invader. They do the same today with English.
Tom focuses on the positive and doesn't dwell on the negative.
Tom looks so much better now that he's swapped his horn-rimmed glasses for the latest style.
Did you wash that?
Tom and Mary live in a micro-apartment.
Tom and Mary live in a very small apartment.
Tom spent a week in Bali with his girlfriend.
I'm a very sensitive and emotional person.
Mary is obsessed with appearing perfect all the time.
I had never seen so many in my life.
I had never seen so many squirrels in my life.
That was the hardest job of my life.
That was the hardest thing I ever did in my life.
That was the hardest thing I've ever done.
That was one of the most difficult things I've ever done.
The cat is hiding its claws.
Tom is taking this very seriously.
A bad penny always turns up.
A man's home is his castle.
A woman's place is in the home.
A woman's work is never done.
All the world loves a lover.
Ask no questions and hear no lies.
Do as I say, and not as I do.
Do unto others as you would like them to do unto you.
Don't go near the water until you learn how to swim.
Every man is his own worst enemy.
Every picture tells a story.
Failure teaches success.
Faith will move mountains.
Fear of death is worse than death itself.
Fight fire with fire.
First things first.
First think, and then speak.
Garbage in, garbage out.
He that is master of himself, will soon be master of others.
He that knows nothing, doubts nothing.
If a job's worth doing, it's worth doing well.
It never rains but it pours.
Jack of all trades, master of none.
Let the dead bury their dead.
Life is just a bowl of cherries.
Lightning never strikes in the same place twice.
Man cannot live by bread alone.
Never judge from appearances.
Nothing is certain but death and taxes.
Old soldiers never die, they simply fade away.
One man's loss is another man's gain.
Scratch my back and I'll scratch yours.
Speak when you are spoken to.
The more you get, the more you want.
There are two sides to every question.
There's a time and a place for everything.
There's one law for the rich, and another for the poor.
They that dance must pay the fiddler.
Time cures all things.
True love never grows old.
Two wrongs do not make a right.
You can't tell a book by its cover.
You don't get something for nothing.
You win some, you lose some.
One day, I will marry her.
A dog does not take money for his trot.
The members of these nomadic tribes were skilled archers and riders; they were able to attack and run away as fast as the wind.
Can I ask why this is so important to you?
Can you come over to my house tonight?
Can you think of anyone who might be able to babysit our kids tonight?
Can we have pancakes for breakfast tomorrow?
Can you tell me where I might find Tom?
Can you tell me how long Tom has had this?
Can you remember anything at all about that?
Can you think of any reason why Tom would've done that?
Can you think of anything that I could say to convince Tom to stay?
Can you give me a lift to the train station?
Can you fix this or should I call a plumber?
Can I talk to you for a second please?
Can I talk to you about something personal?
Can you meet me in the cafeteria in ten minutes?
Can I talk to you in private for a minute?
Can we at least think about it for a minute?
Can you show me where I am on this map?
Can you show me where you live on this map?
Can you let me have it for thirty dollars?
Can you teach me how to play the guitar like you do?
Can you give Tom a ride back into the city?
Can you wait here until I get back?
He whispered "I love you" into my ear and then kissed me on the cheek.
It could just be your imagination.
It's probably just my imagination.
Whenever I try to talk about it, he changes the subject.
What kind of law does he practice?
Tom and Mary threw snowballs at each other.
I love him and I hate him at the same time.
Mary is prettier and has better grades than Kate.
I have a surprise for you, sweetheart.
The sea is polluted by tiny plastic particles that are harmful to marine animals.
Microplastics are microscopic particles of plastic debris that pollute the oceans.
How will we feed everyone if the world's population keeps rising?
That's a good story. The only problem is that it's not true.
Tom's latest movie just came out.
Tom's latest movie just came out. It's called "Tatoeba: Bad Gateway".
Change your thoughts, and you change your world.
You don't have to do anything.
You should get back in your car.
You'll get what you deserve.
You and I are not all that different.
You know just as much as I do.
You know that better than I do.
You are not at all what I expected.
You may not like what you find.
You have to make use of what you have.
You could be in over your head.
You're in way over your head.
You may not like what you hear.
It looks a little heavy.
You did what you could to help.
You and I seem to be the only people here.
It's my only hope.
You need to get to a hospital.
You had no right to interfere.
You have no right to interfere.
You need to get another lawyer.
You are way out of your league.
We don't have any money left.
You can change it if you like.
You just said it was up to me.
You can still change your mind.
You need to see a neurologist.
You don't have to be here now.
You need to get home right now.
You need to go home right now.
You need to take some time off.
You may want to get some rest.
You should do what you think is right.
You'd better take this seriously.
Let me be more specific.
You have no right to say that.
You don't have to go in there.
You have to come out of there.
You don't need to make dinner tonight.
Do you think that will be useful?
You were right and I was wrong.
You haven't been here before, have you?
You know where it is, don't you?
You still don't get it, do you?
You've already made your decision, haven't you?
The winter will be severe.
That water was so cold.
Are we going to attack them?
You don't have to say anything.
You don't have to say any more.
You don't have to make excuses.
You don't even know what it is.
Introverts often find it difficult to make new friends.
You don't want to do that, do you?
You don't want to say no to Tom.
The meeting started with some general chit-chat to break the ice.
Tom doesn't like cocktail parties because he finds making small talk difficult.
The air was humid.
He's confronted with a difficult problem.
You have enough time to catch the train.
As I was waking up, I saw a burglar in my room.
The fire burned down the whole village.
Tom was arrested in the next town.
Unfortunately, I can't accept your invitation.
There will certainly be doubts about your proposal.
When I was a boy, I'd go to the ocean every summer.
I want to hire a helper.
Everything should be done with the greatest caution.
The city's transportation system disintegrated.
Could you teach me some French?
I am thirty.
I am thirty years old.
He joined his colleagues in the director's office.
He chose to take the stairs rather than the elevator.
He walked her to her car.
He took the elevator with her.
I'm learning Burmese.
What is the best road to go?
The office was small but it had a view of the city.
Tom was too drunk to drive home, so he slept on Mary's couch.
Tom felt that the criticism levelled against him was unjustified.
Mary was worried that she hadn't cooked enough food for the party.
She could obtain more information if she was friendlier with him.
His colleagues were shocked to hear what had happened to him.
In this kind of the situation, it is preferable to remain calm.
She knew her reaction had been stupid.
Back in her office, she picked up her phone and dialled Charlie's number.
She moved away after having received death threats.
Martine had been working for a local TV channel while her husband was completing a PhD in psychology.
His daughter and he often texted each other inside their own home.
She called her son Pierre on his mobile-phone because he never picked up their landline at home.
Someone might visit you in the big house.
Tell him you like him. Don't be afraid. He won't bite you.
"Help!" he shouted.
He doesn't know anything about me.
We should study English every day.
Tom's explanation is completely nonsense.
She was excited.
You can never tell what will happen to us.
I have the word on the tip of my tongue.
Tom spent all weekend doing an assignment that was due by Monday.
Tom applied for a dispensation to hand his assignment in late.
Mary assumed that the bunch of flowers left on her desk were from Tom.
Tom showered Mary with gifts in the early stages of their relationship.
It took Tom several hours to assemble a bunk bed that the instructions said would take less than an hour to assemble.
He's disgusting.
Human beings often lack insight into their own faults and failings.
Older women give birth later.
She still keeps her babies for longer.
Baby on board. C-section next Monday.
The door opened and a man walked in.
On the page there was a list of phone numbers.
In the morning, she called her office to say that she was taking a day off.
She withdrew the euros from her business account, as well as from her personal savings.
Since they left the national highway, they hadn't come across another car.
She didn't know that part of the city.
Asia is the largest and most populated of the world's continents.
The author shows a great talent in the creation of his characters.
We're going to have good weather in the next few days.
On the way to the airport they stopped at a gas station.
You told me he did it.
A Brasiliense is someone who was born or who lives in Brasilia, the capital of Brazil, located in the Federal District, in the central plateau.
Nationalism is the greatest enemy Europe has today.
No one understands you.
A platinum blonde is a woman whose hair is so blonde that it seems to have the same grey colour as platinum.
Bananal Island, in the Araguaia River in Goias State, Brazil, is the largest river island in the world.
I'm inclined to think that you're right.
There are no thoughts in any mind which exists, however, once generated, thoughts tend to quickly transform into powers.
Please tell Tom he needs to be here by 2:30.
What is the goal of the Tavistok Institute?
When, through constant practice, man becomes able to reach efficient mental concentration, then, wherever one is, one can always transcend one's environment with one's mind and rely on the Eternal.
A Baiano is someone who was born or who lives in the Brazilian state of Bahia, whose capital is Salvador.
The Amazon Rainforest is a vast area in the north of South America, whose main river is the Amazon River
An Alagoano is someone who was born or who lives in the Brazilian state of Alagoas, whose capital is Maceio.
It is certainly a tasty delicacy. To all of you I say "bon appetit."
Acaraje, a Brazilian food from Africa, is a ball of caupi bean dough, onions, and salt, fried in palm oil and served with shrimp and a spicy sauce.
Her sons are in the garden.
A man is as many times as much so as the number of languages he has learned.
I feel like everything is a lie.
I do not want to talk about it anymore.
He is only two years older than me.
Can you tell me where the zoo is?
We want to change rooms. This one is too noisy.
It was crowded in the car.
The cat is rolling over on its back.
She likes jelly donuts.
It seems quiet, but it is very busy in the background.
Come with me, come with us!
Wait a minute… I think you should go with them.
Go with them!
You can't come with us.
Currently in this area there are no active hostilities.
The situation may deteriorate at any time.
Because you smell bad, that's why.
A giant wave flooded the canoe.
Mary left about an hour ago with Tom.
Quitting smoking is hard.
Quitting smoking is difficult.
Most people think that quitting smoking is hard to do.
Most people think that quitting smoking is a hard thing to do.
Quitting smoking is one of the best things that you can do to improve overall health and extend life expectancy.
No one has the right to tell you how to live your life.
No one has the right to tell you what to do.
No one has the right to tell me different.
No one has the right to tell me what to do.
No one has the right to tell me what I can and can't do with my body.
No one has the right to tell me how I can spend my own money.
No one has the right to tell me what kinds of clothes I can wear.
No one has the right to tell me who I can and can't love.
No one has the right to tell you that their life is harder than yours.
No one has the right to tell you how to act.
No one has the right to tell you what kinds of people you can hang around with.
No one has the right to control your life, tell you what to do, or tell you when to do it.
No one has the right to tell you otherwise.
No one has the right to tell us that we're wrong.
No one has the right to take a life.
No one has the right to beat you and make you feel insignificant.
No one has the right to preach abstinence.
This is my life and no one has the right to tell me what to do.
No one has the right to tell you how to raise your child.
No one has the right to be so cruel.
This is my life and no one has the right to tell me how to live it.
No one has time for that kind of thing anymore.
No one has time for that anymore.
No one has the time to do things correctly.
Who's going to make sure that things are going to get done the way that they should?
No one has time for that.
No one has time for that sort of thing.
No one wants that to happen.
No one knows why we were left waiting.
No one knows why we were there.
No one knows who's in charge here.
No one knows how to fix this problem.
No one can guess how many jellybeans are in this jar.
No one knows how many people died in that battle.
I like sauerkraut.
No one asks to be born.
Asking for seconds would be unseemly.
Do we have to keep talking about this?
Do we have to keep this a secret?
Do we have to keep making the same mistakes over and over again?
Do we have to have our cat neutered?
Do we have to have our cat spayed?
I'll be gone before the rooster crows.
He had his way with her.
You're on thin ice, mister.
You'd better watch it, buddy.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
We're back online now.
You've done well for yourself.
You underestimate yourself.
You still don't understand, do you?
You know what it is, don't you?
You know how I feel about you.
You were afraid, weren't you?
You're dying, aren't you?
You're going about this all wrong.
You can hang out with us if you want.
Your guests are waiting.
You sure do know how to live it up.
You sure know how to live it up.
Your time is almost up.
You'll never know whether you can do it or not if you don't try.
You look really nice tonight.
You sure do know how to have a good time.
You sure know how to have a good time.
You've spent too long in Boston, I think.
You had no reason to do that.
You're too young to retire.
You're going to have to be quick.
You're not getting the promotion.
You should really go home now.
Your room is ready now.
You haven't changed much.
You've always been so good to me.
You've been really decent to me.
You don't need to wait any longer.
You still have so much to learn.
You've done a magnificent job.
You've done a terrific job.
You're going to have to do it.
You've got a vivid imagination.
You used to have a sense of humor.
You shouldn't have kissed her.
You're doing really great.
You've done a lot of good.
You've done very well so far.
You're going to be famous.
You've got to face facts.
You shouldn't be driving.
You look like a man who could use a drink.
You're my favorite babysitter.
You need to stop goofing around.
You look a lot like your father when he was your age.
You may not get this chance again.
You should never do that again.
Would you like to come back home?
Why weren't you at the recital?
Why are you so mad at me?
Did you really make this by yourself?
Don't be so rough on yourself.
Here, let me do that for you.
I've always had trouble pronouncing that word.
I always have trouble pronouncing that word.
I'm glad you could join us.
Be careful. It might be a trap.
Do you know how to get there by public transportation?
Do you really think I want to be here today?
Maybe we'll have better luck next time.
Are you sure you can afford this?
We were able to make a deal with them.
What do you want to do with that?
How can you be so sure of that?
I had no choice but to do that.
It's too late to try that.
It's too late for that.
I know things you don't.
Have you thought any more about what you're going to do next summer?
There's a job opening at the store across the street.
Have you met my sister?
What else do you see?
Do you have a criminal record?
Slip this into your purse.
Get off my property.
Have you made any progress?
How do you plan to proceed?
What are you going to do about that problem?
Let me handle that problem.
Are you sure this is the right place?
It certainly is a good day for a picnic.
Mary always wears too much perfume.
I love surprise parties.
I don't think I need one.
Do you remember where we first met?
Are you trying to insult me?
Are you trying to trick me?
Did you just call me?
Mary and I are getting married.
Did you find anything in that store that you liked?
How long after that did you leave?
Are you ready to leave?
I think it's too late.
We think his last name is Jackson.
What do you call it?
That's a really good idea.
There's a bus stop right in front of my house.
Did you get anything to eat on your way home?
The kids were gone when I got home.
It's time to come home.
We don't say it that way around here.
When exactly did you get here?
Thanks for driving me here.
What choice do I have?
Well, I'd better be going.
Do you like to gamble?
Everything looks fine.
What else do you plan to do?
Why did you name your dog Cookie?
Please hand me my cane.
How long did you say you were in Boston?
Is that why you went to Boston?
Are you going back to Boston?
I'd like you to do your best.
Have you ever seen one of these before?
No one has ever done this before.
Would you like a banana?
Who are you angry at?
Where do you think you are?
I think I've found the answer.
Mary and I dated a long time ago.
Can you read what that says?
Can I see a copy of the rules?
I need that information now.
Why did you agree to do it?
Can I see it before I go?
Listen, I have to go.
I'm not a gambler.
It's your own fault.
Could you carry this box for me, please?
Could I have some of your beer?
Come on, let's take shelter.
Couldn't you go someplace else?
Can I touch you?
Tom's mother confiscated his felt-tip pens after he had started drawing on the walls around the house.
I love you and I don't want anything bad to happen to you.
It doesn't matter how old you are.
If you really cared about your girlfriend, you would respect her feelings.
I have seen this happen over and over again.
Many problems can occur when employees inside the company are compartmentalized and don't communicate with each other.
When she came to Berlin to study, she was still very young.
I added a lot of translations.
You are coming home right now!
Mount St. Helens is a volcano located in the state of Washington.
Tom held his breath as he gazed at her.
He held his breath as he gazed at her.
The noble knight held his breath as he gazed at the beautiful princess.
The truth was that she was already in love.
The truth was that he was already in love.
Yes, one day, I would like to.
I love you, do you hear me? I love you!
I counted to three and then plunged into the water.
Let's jump into the water at the same time!
She longed to hear him say that he loved her.
Let's both jump into the water at the same time!
How could I have fallen in love with him so quickly?
How could I have fallen in love with her so quickly?
The company has decided to expand its business to Germany.
I enjoyed working with Tom in Berlin.
How could Mary have fallen in love with Tom so quickly?
The subtlety of this modern empire building puts the Roman centurions, the Spanish conquistadors, and the (...) European colonial powers to shame. Today we do not carry swords. We do not wear armor or clothes that set us apart. (...) It is how the system works. We seldom resort to anything illegal because the system itself is built on subterfuge, and the system is by definition legitimate.
The princess fell in love with an Elven prince.
She wondered how his lips would taste.
What is a computer?
She wondered what his lips would taste like.
What is a calculator?
What is a fax?
The baby looks like his mother.
The baby resembles his mother.
It's not necessary to do evil in order to accomplish good.
Do you have your pills?
Oh no, I forgot my pills!
Grandma forgot to take her pills again.
We're sorry that the pace of construction is not sufficient to address the great demand for apartments.
The rain tapped against the window.
Tell me something about your son.
Mary wore a loose, long-sleeved t-shirt and stone-washed designer jeans.
My son needs to be more alert at school.
We met each other at a party.
Mary bit her bottom lip.
She felt a lump in the back of her throat and tears began to well in her eyes.
Jeans are just jeans. Why did you spend so much money on designer jeans?
The students at that school wear uniforms.
I want to fit into those jeans.
That amplifier doesn't work.
Don't do too many things at the same time.
Don't do too much at the same time.
Tom has friends in every corner of the world.
Tom bought me some clothes that I normally could never afford.
She looked very young.
He looked very young.
It looks like we have company.
Tom is banging on the front door.
She was dressed to kill.
Mary was dressed to kill.
Take my hand. I want to show you something.
Mary has spent thousands of dollars on beauty products over the years.
I love you for who you are.
There is a lot of pressure on women to be thin.
I'm more than just a pretty face.
Tom is a male model.
He looks like a male model.
Tom says that he's dissatisfied with his body.
Mary is dissatisfied with her own body.
Many men want to be thin, too.
Mary has a distorted self image and doesn't believe that she's beautiful.
Tom has no idea why he's so successful.
He's so handsome!
He's so handsome.
Tom is so handsome.
Tom wore a yellow T-shirt with a smiley face on it.
Her boyfriend treats her badly.
She's a total bitch.
Tom is a promising student.
Mary is a promising student.
They ran naked in the park.
Tom and Mary began spending more time together.
Tom is soft-spoken and polite.
I think I just lost my passport.
When she looked up, she saw a handsome young man looking down at her from his balcony.
Rodriguez was one of the revelations of the World Cup.
You know many things.
"I brought you a gift." "You didn't have to do that, Tom!"
The scientists tracked the birds using small radio transmitters on their backs.
This electric car is powered by batteries.
I was amazed at the audacity of the student to ask the lecturer such a personal question.
I wonder why he was so rude.
The biggest damage done to Tatoeba is to change correct sentences that have correct translations.
Did you forget your money?
Are you always that busy?
I have little time left to live.
It looks like it's going to snow tonight.
I will go at your house tomorrow.
Please wake up at 6:tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow morning, we will leave Japan.
"Have you met him?" "No, but I've met his wife."
There is no arguing with the assertion of the great linguist Claude Hagège: never before in the history of humanity, has a language had a "comparable extension in the world to what English now has."
Tom is a biochemist.
She's pretty, but I don't think she's very good in bed.
He is an expert witness for the prosecution.
Tom is an expert witness for the defense.
Human life is sacred.
Tom was sentenced to probation and community service.
He told me that he wanted to practice his English with me.
"Are you doing something after school?" "No, not really. Why?" "Do you want to do something with me?"
Do you still have that watch I gave you?
Did you find out what went wrong?
Did you have any trouble?
Do you think you can handle that?
How much do you charge for your services?
Did you know it was raining?
Did you see any pigeons?
Did you find who did it?
Did you look under the car?
Did you notice anyone else around?
I didn't know any of the songs you sang, so I couldn't sing along.
If you don't hurry, we're going to be late again.
This is so retarded.
When did you get your first tattoo?
What was your first tattoo?
How did you hear about Tatoeba in the first place?
Your former boyfriend Tom came to visit this afternoon.
You and Tom have a lot in common.
Your name is Tom, correct?
You need to keep Tom from fighting.
Your friend Tom is here.
Your name is not really Tom, is it?
You've been hanging around Tom too long.
Your friend Tom hasn't returned.
You're taking Tom too seriously.
You really don't want to ask Tom that.
You don't have to go with Tom.
You should go help Tom.
You're more polite than Tom.
You're no better than Tom.
You're starting to sound just like Tom.
You're starting to sound like Tom.
You know Tom will try to stop us.
You can call me Tom if you want.
You haven't heard from Tom, have you?
You know Tom is a friend of Mary's, don't you?
You know Tom pretty well, don't you?
You were with Tom tonight, weren't you?
You're dating Tom, aren't you?
You're Tom Jackson's daughter, aren't you?
At first, I thought that it was a witch who had turned into a raven.
Tom can't remember the last time he slept alone in his bed.
Mary doesn't like sleeping alone.
Tom is sleeping right now.
Boston is overrated.
There's a secret song hidden on this album.
Tom won't try to stop you.
Tom's self-absorbed and rarely asks Mary how she's going.
The U.S. Secretary of State is trying to broker a ceasefire between the warring parties.
Grave fears are held for Tom's safety.
Tom's confident that he'll be able to find a solution to the problem.
The rabbit stood in the middle of the road, mesmerized by the lights of the oncoming truck.
Let's watch the game.
Let's wait on the porch.
Let's turn back now before it's too late.
Let's try to stay focused.
Let's try to have a good time.
Let's try to contact Tom again.
Let's try to be rational.
Let's try and stay focused.
Let's try and get in.
Let's try and be positive.
Let's talk to Tom and find out what he thinks.
Let's talk in the study where it's quiet.
Let's talk about why you want to do that.
Let's talk about what went wrong.
Let's talk about that later.
Let's take turns driving.
Let's take Tom with us.
Let's stop playing games.
Let's stop doing this.
Let's start with you.
Let's start a band.
Let's spend some time together next weekend.
Let's slow down.
Let's sit down and talk about it.
Let's see you do better than that.
Let's see you beat that.
Let's see what's out there.
Let's see what's on TV.
Let's see what you've been hiding from us.
Let's see what we can do to help.
Let's see what Tom wrote.
Let's see what Tom wants.
Let's see what Tom has to offer.
Let's see what I can get.
Let's see if you've made any mistakes.
Let's see if you've learned anything.
Let's see if you're any good at it.
Let's see if we can get their attention.
Let's see if we can find out what's going on.
Let's see if we can find our way home.
Let's see if we can cancel our reservation.
Let's see if Tom knows more than we do.
Let's see if Tom is here.
Let's see if Tom can manage to do it by himself.
Let's see if there's any damage.
Let's see how well Tom does.
Let's schedule a meeting for next Monday.
Let's say that you're right.
Let's run for it.
Let's risk it.
Let's play some blues.
Let's park the car here and walk the rest of the way.
Let's paint the ceiling first.
Let's pack our suitcases and get ready to go.
Let's open a bottle of wine.
Let's not talk about this anymore.
Let's not talk about money now.
Let's not start that again.
Let's not invite Tom.
Let's not have any more foolishness.
Let's not get carried away here.
Let's not forget that.
Let's not ever make that mistake.
Let's not ever make that mistake again.
Let's not do things we'll regret.
Let's not do anything stupid.
Let's not discuss this in front of Tom and Mary.
Let's not bother Tom.
Let's not bother Tom with this.
Let's move on to the next order of business.
Let's move on to the next item on the agenda.
Let's move it, people.
Let's make the most of it.
Let's make sure Tom knows what to do.
Let's make sure everything is where it should be.
Let's look at the facts.
Let's light some candles.
Let's leave before Tom gets here.
Let's just try to have a good time.
Let's just try and have a good time.
Let's just sit here for a while and listen.
Let's just say things didn't go exactly as planned.
Let's just say I don't believe everything Tom says.
Let's just let Tom handle it.
Let's just hope we don't have to use our guns.
Let's just forget you ever did this.
Let's just forget it.
Let's just do it now.
Let's just call it a day, shall we?
Let's hope we never have to do this again.
Let's hope we never have to do that.
Let's hope we find Tom before the police do.
Let's hope we don't have to do this again.
Let's hope Tom wasn't injured in the crash.
Let's hope Tom does it for me.
Let's hope that's the last time that happens.
Let's hope it never comes to that.
Let's hope it goes well tonight.
Let's help each other out.
Let's hear what you've got to say for yourself.
Let's hear the rest of your story.
Let's head back home.
Let's have another beer.
Let's have a closer look at this.
Let's have a birthday party for Tom.
Let's go to the hospital now.
Let's go to my place.
Let's go see what Tom knows.
Let's go make fun of Tom.
Let's go have a pint or two.
Let's go have a chat with Tom.
Let's go back inside where it's warm.
Let's go away this weekend.
Let's go and surprise Tom.
Let's give Tom a chance to do the right thing.
Let's get Tom's opinion first.
Let's get together when I get back from Boston.
Let's get together later this evening.
Let's get those supplies loaded on the truck.
Let's get this party started.
Let's get this over with quickly.
Let's get out while we still can.
Let's get out while we can.
Let's get out of here while we still can.
Let's get away from here.
Let's get a move on.
Let's get a little closer.
Let's forget it for now.
Let's follow the others.
Let's find the others.
Let's find out who stole our money.
Let's find out who sent this to us.
Let's find out what the schedule is.
Let's drink to that.
Let's do better than that.
Let's discuss what we need to do.
Let's discuss it now.
Let's clean the house.
Let's celebrate with ice cream.
Let's call Tom and tell him we need to reschedule.
Let's call it a night, shall we?
Let's build a fire.
Let's assume Tom won't be here on time.
Let's all settle down.
Let's all settle down here.
Let's all get back to work.
I'm worried about your health.
Water is good to drink.
I need a musical instrument.
Things are starting to take shape.
Mary insisted that she didn't do it.
I doubt that Tom will be able to seal the deal.
Do as I ask.
I'm calm now.
I enjoy life.
It sure is hot.
There's no fire.
It sure is cold.
Why would I mind?
Why would I care?
Why should I lie?
What do I do now?
What can I bring?
What a neat idea!
Were you tactful?
Were you sincere?
Were you serious?
Were you nervous?
Were you naughty?
Were you jealous?
Were you careful?
Wait till I call.
This is too much.
This is too hard.
The rest is here.
The power is out.
The play is over.
The light was on.
The light is off.
The door is ajar.
That made me mad.
Take a step back.
Stop in anytime.
Stop by anytime.
Show me the plan.
Should I do that?
Should I ask Tom?
Pass me the wine.
Now look at this.
Now look at that.
Now listen to me.
Now let me think.
My leg is broken.
Let me try it on.
Let me take this.
Let me take over.
Let me have that.
Let me drive you.
Let me come over.
Lend me a pencil.
Kick the door in.
It was very nice.
It was very good.
It sure is tight.
It sure is dirty.
How do I do this?
Help me to do it.
Help me find Tom.
Have you read it?
Have a nice swim.
Have a great day.
Have a good trip.
Hand me a tissue.
Get on over here.
Get me some wine.
Do you read lips?
Do I look normal?
Do I look insane?
Do I get a prize?
Did you pass out?
Would you help me?
Where do I go now?
What would I wear?
Was that too much?
Was that too easy?
Wait for me there.
This could be fun.
Then what do I do?
The room was bare.
The room was cold.
That was too easy.
That might be fun.
That could be fun.
Take care of this.
Should I call Tom?
Please let me out.
Let me carry that.
Keep your coat on.
Keep an eye on it.
Just wait and see.
Just take me home.
Just listen to me.
It was no trouble.
It should be fine.
It might not work.
Is your wife home?
Is this real gold?
Is there any food?
Is the party over?
Is the coffee hot?
How do we stop it?
How do I know you?
How do I fix that?
How do I find you?
Get some rest now.
Get ready for bed.
Get over here now.
Get back up there.
Get back out here.
Get back in there.
Get back here now.
Do I need a nurse?
Did you sign this?
Did you read this?
Did you read that?
Did you move this?
Did you feel that?
Did Tom win again?
Did they hurt you?
Did I do all that?
Could you shut up?
Could you read it?
Come play with us.
Come on over here.
Come on down here.
Come on back here.
Are you two ready?
Are you ready yet?
Are you ready now?
Am I on that list?
This is a good job.
How can you fix it?
Did you feed the dog?
That's a very good plan.
It was a very good year.
Do you want a ride home?
Do you think I'm a fool?
The bus was almost empty.
Are you having a bad day?
Why do we need to do that?
The bottle is almost full.
Are you having a hard day?
Do you still play the piano?
What kind of pet do you want?
What kind of job do you want?
There was no need to do that.
There's no snow on the ground.
What kind of car do you drive?
Were you popular in high school?
Does it please you?
Is that really you?
What came over you?
Does it upset you?
How drunk are you?
Are they ready yet?
Isn't Tom home yet?
Is the sun up yet?
Does that mean yes?
Are you ever wrong?
Did I say it wrong?
This is very wrong.
Do I look worried?
Does it still work?
It just might work.
It might even work.
It might just work.
Go around that way.
We should wait.
Come party with us.
They might hear us.
This is between us.
Just let me get up.
Please hurry it up.
Where do I sign up?
Why not live it up?
Is the sun up?
It was a good trip.
I'm still mad at Tom.
How do we find Tom?
How do we stop Tom?
Just listen to Tom.
Let me go with Tom.
What became of Tom?
When can I see Tom?
How do I help Tom?
How do I stop Tom?
Is this a bad time?
This is a bad time.
It's not yet time.
Let me take those.
Did you order this?
Have you read this?
Should I take this?
Do I deserve this?
Just hang in there.
Put it right there.
Who put that there?
Did I just do that?
Did you write that?
It isn't like that.
When did I do that?
What a great story!
It's a good story.
Now just lie still.
Keep very still.
It was very simple.
It wasn't a pretty sight.
It was a good show.
Come here a second.
Excuse me a second.
Just wait a second.
Just do what I say.
Please do as I say.
Lie still and rest.
Just try to relax.
It sure is pretty.
That's not much of a plan.
It was a good plan.
This is a bad plan.
Get your own place.
It was hot outside.
How do we find out?
Just fill this out.
Is the window open?
The trunk is open.
Go ahead and try it on.
Were you obedient?
Could we leave now?
Could we order now?
Go back to bed now.
I'm better now.
Try not to make any noise.
It was really nice.
That was very nice.
It really is nice.
This is all I need.
It was a good movie.
Excuse me a moment.
What am I missing?
Just wait a minute.
Wait here a minute.
Why should we mind?
I want you with me.
Read it back to me.
Why do you need me?
Would you hire me?
I'm still mad.
Meet me at the library.
There are only three left.
Is there any left?
Am I free to leave?
Get ready to leave.
Why should I leave?
It may be too late.
Try not to be late.
It might be worth it.
Are you good at it?
Just let me see it.
Leave me out of it.
This is most of it.
Where did I put it?
Did you borrow it?
Would you risk it?
Let me fill you in.
It was a good idea.
Does it still hurt?
Does your arm hurt?
Get off your horse.
Do you belong here?
How did I get here?
Just get back here.
Just get down here.
Just get over here.
Would you like a little help?
Do you need a little help?
Does Tom need help?
Perhaps I can help.
They may need help.
This ought to help.
How long do I have?
This is all I have.
Hand me my hat.
This is quite good.
Were they any good?
It was a fair game.
It was a good game.
This isn't any fun.
What am I here for?
Just let me finish.
Go ask your father.
It might be enough.
The park was empty.
The pool is empty.
That was very easy.
It was hot and dry.
Use the front door.
I have no idea what to do.
Is there a lot left to do?
What did I just do?
What else can I do?
It was pretty dark.
It was really dark.
How can I compete?
Do you want coffee?
Get me some coffee.
Do you need a coat?
Let me get my coat.
The bar is closed.
Is the coast clear?
Is the place clean?
Go home and change.
What could that be?
What could this be?
They may come back.
I want it back.
Have a look around.
Come back anytime.
Whenever I talk to my father, I realize that he has a lot more experience than I do.
Our skin is coated with sebum, a natural moisturizing oil.
Acne is a very common problem, especially among teenagers.
Aromatherapy is a form of alternative medicine that heals the mind and the body by using essential oils.
Homeopathy doesn't work.
Homeopathic remedies contain nothing but water since the original substance has been diluted to the point where not a single molecule remains.
Homeopathy is considered a pseudoscience and is no more effective than placebos.
Acupuncture is a form of alternative medicine that's popular in East Asia.
Acupressure is like acupuncture, but without needles.
According to traditional Chinese medicine, meridians are a path through which a person's life-energy, or qi, flows.
There are main chakras.
The Yin and the Yang are complementary rather than opposite forces.
Acupuncture is often used to treat pain.
The yin is dark, while the yang bright.
The yin is feminine and the yang is masculine.
The chakras are all aligned in a vertical column along one's spine.
Yoga is becoming more and more popular every year.
And the truth is elusive because it knows where to hide.
Yoga comes from India.
Yoga has many health benefits.
Yoga can help you fight stress and stay fit and healthy.
Peel and dice the onions.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.
Many moisturizing creams claim to have an anti-aging effect.
What's your favorite skin care product?
This skin care product claims that it can remove wrinkles.
Exfoliating creams remove dead or damaged skin cells.
Some Asian men wear makeup.
All the girls teased me.
All the guys teased me about it.
I'm not sure what's wrong with her.
I'm not sure what's wrong with him.
As well as mammals, birds, reptiles, fish and insects are animals too.
In water, wood will float and stone will sink.
You don't have to go to an Ivy League college to get a good education.
There were no appliances back then.
Einkorn wheat was one of the earliest forms of wheat to be cultivated.
The Fertile Crescent is considered to be the cradle of civilization.
Something's wrong with the car.
I'm not sure what's wrong with the car.
I'm not sure what's wrong with Tom's computer.
I'm not sure what's wrong with Tom.
I'm not sure what's wrong with that.
I'm not sure what's wrong. We should have heard from Tom by now.
If you're busy, you don't have to come.
I identified Tom's car.
He inherited the castle.
Did I understand you correctly?
In his view, the domination by English is a threat to the heritage of humanity. It poses an even worse risk: This "single language" will lead to a "single thought" obsessed with money and consumerism.
He was never happy.
You were just here last week.
You don't even know what I want.
You said we were going shopping.
You need to take this seriously.
You said you were going to quit.
You need some more practice.
You just need some more practice.
You should come back more often.
You know I don't have any money.
You don't need to change for me.
You don't know what it was like.
You should think about it first.
You and I don't see eye-to-eye.
You don't even have to explain.
You should make your own decisions.
You might not get another chance.
You don't know that for certain.
You need to get out of the car.
You said you were going to call.
He was never content.
That which does not succeed by force succeeds by excessive force.
He almost forgot his money.
Birds are chirping.
They analyzed the results.
From June to September, we work harder.
Tom aspires to be a teacher.
I couldn't finish my assignments.
Did you ask the others?
That will be a problem.
If the universe is a cosmic egg, who laid it?
I've seen the movie twice from start to finish.
I wasn't able to finish my homework on time.
She lied from start to finish.
I drink 1.liters of water each day.
Tom likes to show off.
Mary is an interior designer.
Don't be sad because it's over. Be happy because it happened.
You weren't married to the tattooed guy they took away in handcaffs?
He loves that gravy.
Tom finds that his daily visit to the gym is great for clearing the cobwebs in his head.
It's been one step forward and two steps back with Tom's health lately.
A good team is a group of individuals who work together to achieve a common goal.
Get a hold of yourself, Tom.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Tom.
It was nice to meet you, Tom.
I'll get back to you, Tom.
Everyone is here to see you, Tom.
Everybody is counting on you, Tom.
Is it all right if I call you Tom?
Do you mind if I call you Tom?
Would you like to play with Tom?
Why would you have dinner with Tom?
Why should I share my food with Tom?
Who would ever want to dance with Tom?
When are you going to meet with Tom?
What's your plan with Tom?
What's your deal with Tom?
What's this got to do with Tom?
What's the deal with Tom?
What's that got to do with Tom?
What'll you do with Tom?
What was your relationship with Tom?
What was wrong with Tom?
What kind of deal did you make with Tom?
What's your relationship with Tom?
Were you in love with Tom?
We'd like to have a word with Tom.
So how did it go with Tom?
Please don't make me go with Tom.
Please don't leave me with Tom.
Maybe I should just check with Tom.
Let me have a word with Tom.
Let me have a little chat with Tom.
It's hard for me to keep up with Tom.
It's always a pleasure to talk with Tom.
Is it OK if I go out with Tom?
I'm going to hang out with Tom.
I didn't spend all day with Tom.
I spent all day home with Tom.
I never had the chance to talk with Tom.
How was your date with Tom?
How is it going with Tom?
How did you know I was with Tom?
Have you ever spent any time with Tom?
Did you want to meet with Tom?
Did you have fun with Tom?
Did you have a nice dinner with Tom?
Did you get in touch with Tom?
Did you break up with Tom?
Could I have a word with Tom?
Are you spending Valentine's Day with Tom?
Are you spending Thanksgiving with Tom?
Are you really going on the date with Tom?
In fact, I don't think that was Tom.
Did you say your name was Tom?
Are you sure that it was Tom?
Are you sure his name was Tom?
Are you positive that it was Tom?
It's too late to visit Tom.
Don't you want to visit Tom?
Aren't you coming with us, Tom?
Why do you want to talk to Tom?
Why do you listen to Tom?
Why did you want to talk to Tom?
What's your connection to Tom?
What's their connection to Tom?
What'll they do to Tom?
What should I say to Tom?
What have I ever done to Tom?
What am I going to say to Tom?
Were you married to Tom?
This used to belong to Tom.
That's what I said to Tom.
That's all I was planning to say to Tom.
Just make sure you don't forget to give this to Tom.
Just make sure you give this to Tom.
Just make sure you talk to Tom.
Just make sure you're nice to Tom.
It's hard to say no to Tom.
How long have you been married to Tom?
How could you do this to Tom?
How close are you to Tom?
Have you said anything to Tom?
Everyone is saying goodbye to Tom.
Don't you want to talk to Tom?
Did the glasses you found belong to Tom?
Are you sure about this, Tom?
I'll be right there, Tom.
Did you remember to thank Tom?
Where are they taking Tom?
How long you have been seeing Tom?
How long have you been seeing Tom?
When exactly did you see Tom?
When did you see Tom?
Please let me go and see Tom.
Don't you want to see Tom?
Do you remember when you last saw Tom?
Did you hear what I said to Tom?
Do we know for sure it's Tom?
We don't want to overwhelm Tom.
Perhaps I was too harsh on Tom.
Never turn your back on Tom.
What's your impression of Tom?
That was very considerate of Tom.
I need to get a hold of Tom.
How do we get rid of Tom?
Do I really remind you of Tom?
Did you manage to get a hold of Tom?
I'm glad I'm not Tom.
How sure are you it's not Tom?
That was the night I first met Tom.
That was the first time I met Tom.
I recently met Tom.
How did you first meet Tom?
You were too smart for me, Tom.
How long have you known me, Tom?
Did you just call me Tom?
Women seem to like Tom.
Why can't you be more like Tom?
How did you know I like Tom?
Are you going to leave Tom?
So, how long have you known Tom?
How exactly do you know Tom?
Do either of you know Tom?
Did you intend to kill Tom?
My middle name isn't Tom.
Maybe your name really is Tom.
Guess whose middle name is Tom.
Where's your sense of humor, Tom?
Why do people call him Tom?
You've got to get out of here, Tom.
It's a pleasure having you here, Tom.
Please don't make me help Tom.
What kind of gift are you planning to get Tom?
Maybe you'd better go get Tom.
There's a message from Tom.
I need to get away from Tom.
I got a call from Tom.
Have you heard anything from Tom?
Did you get that ticket from Tom?
Did you get anything from Tom?
What would be best for Tom?
This is a message for Tom.
There might not be enough room in the car for Tom.
That's not good enough for Tom.
Mary isn't the right girl for Tom.
It's been a bad week for Tom.
It must have been very difficult for Tom.
I'll come back for Tom.
I left a message for Tom.
How long did you work for Tom?
Do you actually feel sorry for Tom?
The whole crew left except for Tom.
All the crew left except for Tom.
Why do you need me to find Tom?
Why do we need to find Tom?
We don't know how to find Tom.
The point here is to find Tom.
How are we going to find Tom?
Do you know where we could find Tom?
Do you know where I might find Tom?
I immediately recognized them and so did Tom.
It's your decision, Tom.
Did you ever date Tom?
How are you going to convince Tom?
That's why you need to contact Tom.
Is it too early to call Tom?
Are you going to call Tom?
No one is there but Tom.
Are you feeling better, Tom?
Was there anybody else besides Tom?
No one will believe Tom.
There's a chance it might be Tom.
Women throw themselves at Tom.
I'd like you to assist Tom.
Why don't I just go ask Tom?
Please don't make me ask Tom.
If you don't believe me, ask Tom.
I got here about the same time as Tom.
What's up with you and Tom?
It's good to see you again, Tom.
What else do you know about Tom?
What are you going to do about Tom?
That's how I feel about Tom.
Should I be worried about Tom?
Please don't ask me about Tom.
How do you know about Tom?
How do you feel about Tom?
Did you find out anything about Tom?
I want an electric fan.
I want a fan.
Teenage around-the-world pilot dies.
Tom seemed preoccupied and clearly wasn't listening to what Mary was saying.
Tom's got a lot on his mind at the moment.
Many people these days are asset-rich but time-poor.
I'm going to find Tom.
I was born in Asmara.
In my new house, the living room is on the ground floor and the bedroom is on the first floor.
I don't believe he could do that.
I learned how important it is to eat a healthy lunch.
Apart from a couple of early setbacks, the project is progressing well.
Did you get a reply from Tom?
Did Tom reply?
Did you get an answer from Tom?
You're really good at French, aren't you?
What language does Tom usually speak?
What language do you usually use when talking with Tom?
"Hi, is this Mary?" "No, it's Tom. Mary says Hello."
Tom won the award for "Best Kiss".
Oh my God, I so hate this movie!
Tom won the award for "Best Male Performance."
Mary won the award for "Best Female Performance".
I had to beg my friends to come.
I had to beg my friends to come to my party.
Can you believe it? We're in Japan!
Can you believe it? We're in Germany!
Can you believe it? We're in Europe!
Just say "Bonjour!" and they'll think that you're French!
Can you believe it? We're in China!
Can you believe it? We're in France!
"Look at how big it is!" "Oh my God!"
You should stop.
"You should stop." "I don't want to stop."
Are you two going out together?
Are you going out together?
"So, are you two going out together then?" "No, we were just dancing together."
"Are you two going out together?" "Yes, but just in a friendly way."
Are we going out together?
Don't let the truth get in the way of a good story.
Mary doesn't usually wear makeup.
Mary doesn't wear makeup at all.
Mary hasn't shaved her legs in three years.
Mary is the only girl I've ever loved.
Mary was wearing men's clothing.
Can't you understand French?
Could you turn off the TV?
Do you think we should get involved?
Does that guy look familiar to you?
How long did it take you to clean this place?
I can't be late.
I can't do this now.
I can't do this without you.
I can't give up without a fight.
I can't go back now.
I can't go there.
I can't let my father down.
I can't let you take the blame.
I can't order you to do this.
I can't possibly accept this.
I can't reach any of the books on the top shelf.
I guess I should thank you.
I hope you can hear me.
I made sure no one was following me.
I used to be pretty good at this.
I'd like to ask you to reconsider.
I'd like to visit Boston in the spring.
I'm asking you to reconsider.
I'm not a marathon runner.
I'm sorry, I can't do it.
I've got great news for you.
Let's draw straws.
Mr. Jackson is our French teacher.
Not too long ago, I wasn't able to play the guitar at all.
Please don't make me do that again.
Please get these people out of here.
Stop pulling my hair.
We can't go out tonight.
What kind of meat do you eat most often?
What kind of music do you enjoy listening to?
What you're doing now is unnecessary.
Would you like me to open the door for you?
You can't go in there.
What kind of cap do you want to buy?
Do you have this in a larger size?
Do you have this in another color?
Where can I find the milk?
How much of a discount did you get?
How much of a discount can you give me?
Tom was going on when he first met Mary.
Tom's behaviour at the party was inexcusable.
Tom's behavior at the party was inexcusable.
What did you have for supper last night?
What did you eat for dinner last night?
Tom got off the train.
Loads of people think that goat's milk is good for you.
Do you need a king?
She won't do the dishes.
What are you two fighting about?
What are you yelling about?
What was the fight about?
What's under your bed?
What do you have in the box?
What do you know about cockroaches?
What exactly is your concern?
What did you think I'd do?
What exactly did you do?
What exactly do you do?
What are you asking me for?
What are you searching for?
What did you wish for?
What do you think of my new hat?
What's your goal here?
What's your job here?
What do you take pride in?
What do you believe in?
What else do you know?
What kind of women do you like?
What's your mother like?
What are you trying to do to me?
What do you have for me?
What do you like to cook the most?
What's your next move?
What's our next move?
What game are you playing now?
What am I going to do now?
What's the matter now?
What else have you figured out?
What are you trying to prove?
What do you plan to do after you retire?
What would you do if you retired?
What a horrible thing to say!
What don't you want me to see?
What made you think of that?
What do we know about them?
What an interesting theory!
What's your opinion on this?
What kind of place is this?
What college did you go to?
What are you really up to?
What were you up to?
What do you have for me today?
What do you say we work on this together?
What songs are you going to sing tonight?
What tunes are you going to play tonight?
What's on the menu tonight?
What does it matter to us?
What kind of a funeral do you want?
What kind of a wedding do you want?
What kind of a party do you want?
What is it you really want?
What color was Tom wearing?
What drew you to this kind of work?
What would we do without you?
What kind of doctor are you?
What kind of lawyer are you?
What sort of person are you?
What's really bugging you?
What's it worth to you?
Tom and Mary are still working.
Why did you come here tonight?
Where did you run off to?
Who else is in there?
Why would I do that?
Where should I park?
Who are you afraid of?
When did you get a motorcycle?
Who else is on that list?
Why is Tom being so generous?
Where in Australia are you from?
Mary has never been asked out on a date.
Mary has never ever been asked out on a date.
When was the last time you had a bath?
Where were you three years ago?
He arrested the criminals.
I'm dependent on my reading glasses.
I depend on my reading glasses.
Is there a clock in one of the rooms?
The US Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) have targeted American Muslims in abusive counterterrorism “sting operations” based on religious and ethnic identity, Human Rights Watch and Human Rights Institute said.
Did you find someone to help you?
That was very careless of you.
There may be hope for you yet.
Is the cafeteria open yet?
Is the bar open yet?
Get back in the van.
This is all quite unnecessary.
What we did was unnecessary.
This is all unnecessary.
This is really unbelievable.
Could you turn down the TV?
Are you here with someone?
That was pretty scary.
It was a little scary.
It was really scary.
I've been thinking a lot about that recently.
I've run out of patience.
Is that a bottle opener?
Do you have any objection?
Do you know much about music?
It was a foolish mistake.
Were you miserable?
Send the bill to me.
I've seen a lot of strange things in my life.
Do you trust my judgment?
I don't think this is such a good idea.
How can you still be hungry?
This is our only hope.
What do you hope to find here?
What did you hope to gain?
What do you hope to gain?
This ought to be fun.
I have very few really close friends.
What is it you hope to find?
What do you hope to find?
Should I ask someone else?
That was a foolish decision.
Are you a good dancer?
Do you miss Boston?
This is a hundred dollar bill.
That would be very beneficial.
Do you know anything about art?
Do you know much about art?
You're welcome to come back anytime.
What did you hope to accomplish?
What do you hope to accomplish?
I think it is necessary for children to have something to play with.
The agreement, unless backed up by action, is meaningless.
Tom had never seen the man before in his life.
Today is an unlucky day, isn't it?
I don't want to be involved with anyone anymore.
Who should I believe now?
I don't want to believe anyone.
Where were you yesterday afternoon at 2:30?
Are you certain nobody followed you?
I swept the driveway for you.
I wouldn't do it that way if I were you.
I wouldn't go that way if I were you.
Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you.
That's what I've always loved about you.
The only person who doesn't seem to understand is you.
The only person who hasn't paid is you.
You're a bit early, aren't you?
Those haven't been cleaned yet.
I haven't seen one of those in over three years.
This ring has been in the family for over years.
It looks like you're wrong.
Are you sure you're well enough to go to work?
Are you sure you're well enough to work?
Sometimes it feels like the only thing I do is work.
Do you think that's wise?
The surgery went well.
This horse hasn't been ridden in weeks.
I hope that was what you wanted.
Actually, I'm currently unemployed.
That's what I can't understand.
When you're a father, you'll understand.
Do you think that's true?
And just what do you think you're up to?
Are you saying there's still a chance that we can get this done on time?
I didn't know it would be like this.
I think we should've discussed this.
I'm not sure you're going to like this.
I'm sure you're going to like this.
I'm sure you're not going to like this.
This is the first time I've ever done this.
You shouldn't go outside on a day like this.
Do you think I haven't anticipated that?
I wouldn't think of doing that.
I've asked you repeatedly not to do that.
I've asked you repeatedly to do that.
Don't you think that's a little strange?
My car wouldn't start.
I didn't expect to see you again so soon.
We should get together sometime.
This music is making me sleepy.
Do you always get up before six?
That's an interesting-looking salt shaker.
That didn't really make sense.
This is one of the nicest houses I've ever seen.
Have you ever been stung by a scorpion?
Are you sure you're well enough to go to school?
I shouldn't have made this many sandwiches.
This place smells like a locker room.
I sure hope you're right.
I'd like to believe you're right.
It looks like you've already been replaced.
I shouldn't have doubled the recipe.
That's very reassuring.
Maybe you should quit.
Maybe you shouldn't quit.
Is there a place we can speak privately?
Why haven't you gone to the police?
It's not perfect.
The way I see it, we've got three options.
Is there anyone you'd like us to notify?
Am I supposed to be at the meeting on Monday?
Do I need to be at the meeting on Monday?
I don't think we've actually met.
It's my left eye that's bothering me.
It's my stomach that's bothering me.
You'll have to excuse me.
You're going to like working for me.
I'm sure you'll be back before long.
There are thirty names on the list.
Is that what you'd like?
Actually, I'm kind of happy to be leaving.
Maybe you should leave.
Maybe you shouldn't leave.
We've been asked to leave.
Doing that wouldn't be right, would it?
I couldn't help it.
If it had been important, I would've done it.
It's incredible, isn't it?
That doesn't do us any good, does it?
That would make sense, wouldn't it?
That's good news, isn't it?
Do you think this is interesting?
The bank doesn't open for another hour.
The party doesn't start for another hour.
Actually, I'm not homeless.
When you've finished, you can go home.
Are you sure you're allowed in here?
Are you sure you're supposed to be here?
If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here.
It never snows here.
The important thing is that you're here.
Trust me, you're going to love it here.
We shouldn't even be here.
I hope that helped.
We've been asked to help.
Why do you always wear that hat?
Show me what you've got.
Show us what you've got.
The good news is that we don't have to go.
That joke wasn't funny.
You're going to have so much fun.
The good news is that we can get in free.
Look what we've found.
This is the job you've been waiting for.
This is the package you've been waiting for.
Am I being foolish?
You're almost as tall as your father.
Do you think that's fair?
What is it you'd like me to do exactly?
What is it you'd like me to say exactly?
Don't you think that you've done enough?
I believe we've seen enough.
The house on the corner looks empty.
They sell things here that you can't find anywhere else.
They sell things here that you can't get anywhere else.
Look at what you've done.
Look what we've done.
Look what you've done.
Show me what you've done.
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
Are you sure Tom knows what he's doing?
Are you sure you know what you're doing?
Just what do you think you're doing?
What is it you're doing?
It doesn't matter what we do.
It probably doesn't matter what we do.
Maybe it doesn't matter what we do.
Why didn't you just do what you said you'd do?
I think it should've been discussed.
Everybody looked disappointed.
Some of my best friends are cops.
This is kind of cool.
Do you know what's in those containers?
I thought you said it wasn't contagious.
I doubt that's just a coincidence.
That was just a coincidence.
I don't think I've got much choice.
I haven't changed.
Are you saying there's still a chance?
Actually, I'm kind of busy.
I'm sure that's none of my business.
Do you know what's in that box?
I've decided to stay in Boston.
You're not totally blameless.
How come I haven't seen you here before?
Why haven't I seen you here before?
Are you sure you're well enough to be out of bed?
The police still haven't found anything.
We've been asked to not do this anymore.
What made you want to become an anesthesiologist?
The important thing is that you're alive.
I wonder if they realize what they're up against.
Aren't you guys done yet?
Do you guys want to walk?
Did you guys make up?
Would you guys shut up?
What are you guys going to do today?
Did you guys see that?
Are you guys ready?
Are you guys still dating each other?
How did you guys first meet each other?
How long have you guys known each other?
Are you guys dating now?
How did you guys meet?
Could you guys help me?
How did you guys find me?
Why did you guys leave?
How did you guys get in?
Are you guys hungry?
I'm glad you guys are still here.
Where are you guys headed?
That's the guy I saw steal Mary's handbag.
Who invited you guys?
Who do you guys work for?
Do you guys want something to eat?
How are you guys doing?
What did you guys do?
What do you guys do?
Are you guys crazy?
Are you guys close?
Where've you guys been?
Are you guys armed?
Do you guys see anything?
Most of what you just said is true.
Do you have any idea what's going on?
Do you know who's in charge?
Why are we still sitting here?
Who else could've done it?
Where were you guys today?
What's wrong with Boston?
What do you guys want to do?
I hope it works out.
That's where you're wrong.
Promise me you'll do that.
Why didn't you ask me?
Maybe we're both mistaken.
I wouldn't trust them.
I knew I'd be unhappy here.
Are you saying that's true?
Are you guys still dating?
What are you guys going to do?
What are you guys planning?
Where did you guys grow up?
Were you expecting someone?
It really wasn't that hard.
It's really true, isn't it?
Why is everybody here?
Have you read any good books lately?
That's what everybody says.
Do you think it'll take a long time?
Are you sure that's enough?
Are you sure you're not busy?
It's good that you're here.
Are you sure you have time to help me right now?
That's what you're good at.
I'm glad you're glad.
What do you think you'd do?
Let me see what you've got.
Look at what you've become.
The rules aren't important.
It's rather good, isn't it?
Tom is kind of standoffish.
Could we please go home now?
Do you know who that guy is?
Are you guys having any fun?
Are you really only thirteen?
What've you guys been up to?
I'm glad you guys could make it.
Have you guys seen the news?
Aren't you guys coming?
Are you guys still together?
What were you hoping to accomplish?
What were you hoping to see?
What were you hoping to buy?
Where were you hoping to visit?
Who were you hoping to talk to?
That doesn't make any sense to me.
That's a possibility, isn't it?
I haven't forgiven you.
Do you know what's going on?
How do you know what's real?
Let me remind you what's important.
What is it you're afraid of?
Why do you think I'm upset?
Call me if there's a change.
That's what I would've done.
What is it you'd like me to do?
This is what you've been waiting for.
Look what you've done to me.
This actually doesn't taste too bad.
This isn't fun anymore.
Make sure Tom doesn't see you.
The concert hasn't started yet.
We haven't found it yet.
Your instincts are wrong.
I should finish unpacking.
These people can't be trusted.
Why are you helping Tom?
When did you guys decide this?
Are you guys sure about this?
They're fantastic, aren't they?
Why do you need these?
That's my suitcase.
Is that all you've got to say?
Do you know what's causing the problem?
Do you think that's possible?
What's that you're working on?
Are you sure you're really OK?
Is that what you're afraid of?
I'm just trying to be neighborly.
That's all that's necessary.
This place hasn't changed much.
Have you guys lost your minds?
I haven't changed my mind.
Why didn't you get married?
What're you guys doing later?
Have you heard any good jokes lately?
Have you looked outside lately?
What is it you'd like to know?
Do you think there's a chance I could get that job?
They said I wasn't qualified for the job.
If you think that's necessary, you should do it.
That knife came in very handy, didn't it?
It's kind of creepy in here, isn't it?
That came in very handy, didn't it?
This part isn't so bad, is it?
How do you think they'd do it?
Do you think you're up to it?
It'll cost $to fix it.
Who does that guy think he is?
I guess that's impossible.
Now that's not a bad idea.
Are you sure you're not hurt?
What's obvious is that you're not very happy here.
Everyone's waiting nervously to see what'll happen.
We both know that's unlikely to happen.
What is it you're looking for?
That was totally uncalled for.
What're you guys looking for?
That's what I should've done.
Do you know what you've done?
We both know what you're doing.
Keep doing what you're doing.
What've you guys been doing?
Are you sure that man is a doctor?
It's the right thing to do.
Call me if there's any change.
Do you think there's a chance?
Stop telling everyone you're my brother.
My whole family's from Boston.
It's strange that we've never met before.
What are you guys looking at?
How did you get into the house?
Have you fixed the thermostat?
I can't give you any more details at this time.
I think I have the best job in the world.
It was just a hypothetical question.
Mary is one of the most beautiful girls I know.
That's a great story.
That's the only logical choice.
They both look very uncomfortable.
They do know what they're doing.
They know exactly what's going on.
They know that I talked to you.
They said it would be ready on time.
This must be one of the worst jobs in the world.
We have no idea what to expect.
We need to get away from this place.
We still need to clean up this mess.
I'd like to ride along with you.
I haven't got it yet.
I have to get back to work.
Here, I'll take over for a while.
I'd like a little more time.
I don't know why someone else can't do this.
I can't believe we're really doing this.
I don't know why I have to do this.
We moved the project to a new server.
Just asking.
People are weird.
Life is not a fairytale. If you lose your shoe at midnight, you're drunk.
Christmas always moves me.
My wife didn't die.
My husband didn't die.
I'll watch television.
He avoided eye contact with me.
You must avoid walking on this road because there are always dogs.
The battle is ours.
The day is ours.
The battle was over in minutes.
He's very sick, so he should avoid sugar and salt.
It was over in minutes.
"Are you hungry?" "I'm always hungry."
He twisted the paper in her hands.
There are themes that are always present in his books.
Tom said he felt weird just before collapsing on the floor.
Tatoeba has risen from the dead.
Tom said he felt perfectly fine just before collapsing on the floor.
May the Gods help us.
Will we be safe here?
Go upstairs right now and clean your room.
Tom caught Mary secretly watching soap operas at night.
Tom received an overnight accommodation allowance for his trip and was reimbursed his out-of-pocket expenses.
Tom is fond of classical music.
He always twists my words.
Tatoeba is so fast.
Mary is fond of Celtic music.
Is there something troubling you?
The trauma of war has a long-lasting impact on those that survive it.
He died peacefully in bed at the age of 86.
During the Renaissance, Florence was one of the greatest cities in the world.
During the Renaissance, artists depended on patrons for money.
During the Renaissance, the seat of the Papacy moved briefly to Avignon before moving back to Rome.
I get tired.
When do you intend to quit smoking?
I would like to clean up the house before my parents come.
The fire brigade prevented a fire.
She admired herself in the mirror.
Narcissus fell in love with his own reflection in the water.
Narcissus fell in love with his own reflection.
I am writing you a lengthy letter because I did not have time to write a short one.
This is a mockery of justice.
The painting shows a young woman combing her hair before a mirror.
I rest my case.
"Why did you do that?" "I don't know."
The rest is history.
They're not roommates. They're lovers.
They're not just roommates. They're also lovers.
They're not just roommates. They're lovers.
"I don't feel like drinking today." "Come on, it's my birthday!"
No, thank you. I don't want any more cake.
Nuts are nutritious.
Mary picked some strawberries in the forest to make strawberry jam.
I heard there was some trouble at Tom's house last night.
Tom, your father asked you a question.
The United States is a country of immigrants.
I feel energetic and happy.
Bamboos are one of the fastest growing plants on the planet.
I felt guilty and sad.
Why are you taking pictures?
Stop taking pictures. You look like a tourist.
"You look like a tourist." "But I am a tourist!"
I've had a good day so far.
I avoid going there late at night.
My cat is sleeping on my bed.
Parties bore me.
Tom's party was boring.
Do you remember anything else?
I feel confused, but I don't know why.
It fits you like a glove.
This dress fits you like a glove.
I like that one better.
She begged me to go with her.
He begged me to go with him.
Mary begged me to go with her.
Tom begged me to go with him.
You didn't mean it, did you?
Never rub your eyes when your hands are dirty.
Never rub your eyes after cutting a hot pepper.
The bipartisan commission's recommendations were ignored.
I have more problems than I can count.
He just doesn't get it.
We've been together for years.
When I confronted Tom, he said that he had mailed the check. But later he admitted that he had spent the money elsewhere. I've had it with him.
Tom is so irresponsible. I can't believe it.
I didn't tell Tom about it because I didn't want to ruin his day.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
I'll treat you like an adult when you start acting like one.
I saw Tom. He was with another woman.
We don't live in a perfect world.
What a dump.
Your hair is beautiful.
The soldiers were regarded as cannon fodder.
Make it your law: logical thought, peaceful mind, virtuous action.
The cat fell asleep curled up in front of the fireplace.
How disgusting!
Where's my elephant?
Tom had no idea how Mary was feeling.
Tom's past caught up with him.
Tom got very drunk and poured his heart out to the bartender.
Tom felt that he owed Mary an explanation.
Someone broke into Mary's flat and stole her jewellery.
The evidence doesn't support the claim.
Tom has significant mental health problems.
Tom has significant mental health issues.
The team played so poorly that their fans booed them after the game.
My mum has to spoil things.
You are bad! Cockroach!
Roads emerge because we walk them.
New housing is built on the outskirts of the city.
She likes to drink.
This is not a vacation, it's a survival course!
Tom and Mary bought a small ranch outside Boston.
When Tom looked at his watch, he was surprised to see how late it was.
I'm not good at public speaking.
The boat is sinking.
He claims to have been a business associate of my father.
She met Tom while working part-time on the ranch.
I've always wanted to be a mother.
I've always wanted to be a father.
Tom, you would make a great father.
You would make a great mother.
Tom and Mary had lunch at the Ikea restaurant.
Do you know where I can find him?
Do you know where I can find her?
You owe me big-time.
We pitched our tent in a field.
Tom slipped the money in his pocket.
We pitched our tent on the bank of the river.
We pitched our tent under the shade of a large tree.
Tom is a ruthless businessman.
She touched the bruise on his arm.
She opened her purse and took out her chequebook.
They arrived at the foot of the mountain.
I feel one with the universe.
Tom tied his sweater around his waist.
I feel at one with the universe.
There's a fine line between bravery and stupidity.
Call Tom, but don't tell him what happened.
Call Tom, but don't tell him what really happened. Tell him it was an accident.
Tom and Mary pitched their tent in an empty camping spot.
I wish I had a camera.
I never use my camera anymore. I just take pictures with my phone.
Tom stepped on a hornet nest.
You have just stepped on a hornet's nest.
I knew Tom could do it.
Mary took off her sweater and tied it around her waist.
I'll never forgive you as long as I live.
I forgot to tell him.
Don't worry. We have plenty of water and food.
I forgot to tell her.
I forgot to tell them.
I forgot to tell Tom and Mary to bring their lunch.
Tom squeezed the juice from the orange.
Orange juice is the most popular juice in America.
Manufacturers add ethyl butyrate to their orange juice to make it taste fresher.
Tom put his arm around the young woman.
Be careful. You're going to stir up a hornet's nest.
Oranges are a seasonal fruit.
There are many orange groves in Florida.
I don't want to get my clothes dirty.
Mary wasn't afraid to get her clothes dirty.
"Is this a joke?" "Of course it's a joke!"
Does this thing actually work?
I forgot something in my car.
I want to go to a country without Mondays.
His death was ruled a homicide.
Love is God's nature in action.
The best mirror is an old friend.
Tom went south and Mary went north.
I knew that he was an artist, but I didn't know that he was good.
The universe is a large school.
Tom sent me a text message in the middle of the night.
Tom and Mary live in a quiet residential neighborhood.
This chair was designed by Philippe Starck.
Tom was so stressed out that he started losing his hair.
Mary likes classical music while Tom's a heavy metal fan.
Tom always sees the negative in any situation.
Tom's stopped watching the news because the constant war coverage was getting him down.
Tom's apartment looks great after he had it re-carpeted.
Who knows what's going to happen?
I need to make a few calls.
This is blackmail.
I know a great restaurant in the area. It's not too pricey and the food is delicious.
A church in Los Angeles has decided to press charges against a homeless man who stole a few cookies from the church's cookie jar.
I could hear them laugh in the background.
The other students laughed.
The students all laughed.
Tom is now serving a 150-year prison sentence.
They hang out together all the time.
The students often copy each other's homework.
The class went wild.
We hang out together all the time.
The children made a giant snowman.
Where have you been, Tom? You're filthy!
Where have you been Tom? You're filthy! I told you not to play in the mud.
You have to be there by 2:30.
You can still get that finished before 2:30.
Tom will return at 2:30.
Tom will probably finish what he's doing by 2:30.
Tom will finish the job by 2:30.
Tom will come back at 2:30.
Tom will be back at 2:30.
Tom went home at 2:30.
Tom should've been here by 2:30.
Tom was born in the 1990s.
Tom was born in Boston in 2013.
Tom should've been back by 2:30.
Tom should be back at 2:30.
Tom reminded me that I had a meeting at 2:30.
Tom reminded his mother to wake him up at 6:30.
Tom left the office at 2:30.
Tom left home at 2:30.
Tom is trying very hard to get that done before 2:30.
Tom is much taller than you are.
Tom got home just before 2:30.
Tom got here a little before 2:30.
Tom died in prison in 2013.
Tom died in 2013.
Tom didn't return till 2:30.
Tom didn't come until 2:30.
Pick me up at 2:30.
I'm not too late, am I?
I didn't see anyone in the room but Tom.
"Tom is young." "How young is young?" "He's thirteen."
Tom took his children to the zoo.
You might not want to go there by yourself.
You should do that by yourself.
You shouldn't go out at night by yourself.
You could drive home by yourself.
You should try to enjoy yourself.
You should come see for yourself.
You don't sound so sure of yourself.
You sound very sure of yourself.
You should ask Tom yourself.
This chair is yours.
Which beer is yours?
Tom is a great admirer of yours.
My plan is still better than yours.
I parked my car next to yours.
Tom wants to look younger.
Tom makes me feel young.
Tom is quite young.
Tom seems young.
Tom is still young.
Tom died when I was very young.
Tom learned how to swim when he was very young.
Tom learned to swim when he was very young.
Tom is still very young.
Tom looks very young.
Tom isn't very young.
Tom died very young.
Tom warned me about you.
Tom has told us a lot about you.
You probably know more about me than I know about you.
I think you know how I feel about you.
Tom has told us quite a bit about you.
You're not taking it, are you?
You're not surprised to see me, are you?
You're not going to walk, are you?
You're not going to do it, are you?
You're not angry, are you?
How serious are you?
You're used to that, aren't you?
You're still in love with Tom, aren't you?
You're responsible, aren't you?
You're resourceful, aren't you?
You're prejudiced, aren't you?
You're pessimistic, aren't you?
You're persistent, aren't you?
You're courageous, aren't you?
You're competitive, aren't you?
You're adventurous, aren't you?
You're a smart kid, aren't you?
You're a freshman, aren't you?
Tom is as tall as you.
Tom isn't as intelligent as you.
That boy over there looks about the same age as you.
Tom isn't mad at you.
I'm no longer angry at you.
Why did your father beat you?
Did Tom believe you?
Who can blame you?
Why did Tom call you?
We tried to call you.
What do they call you?
You can still swim quite well, can't you?
We thought the enemy had captured you.
Tom will contact you.
I never wanted to deceive you.
You stole the money, didn't you?
You lied to us, didn't you?
You heard what Tom said, didn't you?
You got hurt, didn't you?
You already knew that, didn't you?
You two don't trust each other, do you?
You two don't trust each other much, do you?
You don't think you can win, do you?
You don't think Tom might still be here, do you?
You don't think this is the right way, do you?
You don't think it's worth it, do you?
You don't think it was a suicide, do you?
You don't recognize me, do you?
You don't really know, do you?
You don't really care, do you?
You don't like it, do you?
You don't know who did it, do you?
You don't know how to speak French very well, do you?
You don't know how to operate a forklift, do you?
You don't have any idea where Tom went, do you?
You don't have a plan, do you?
You don't have a clue, do you?
You don't even know who that was, do you?
You don't even know which button to push, do you?
You don't believe Tom, do you?
You want to see Tom again, don't you?
You think I'm right, don't you?
You think I'm making a mistake, don't you?
You think I don't know who you are, don't you?
You do understand me, don't you?
You both love each other, don't you?
When can I expect you?
How did Tom find you?
Why would I fire you?
Did Tom work for you?
Tom will be waiting for you.
Tom will wait for you.
Tom was the one who did this for you.
How did you get Tom to do that for you?
Tom has a lot of respect for you.
Everybody has been looking for you.
Tom has been looking for you.
Tom was looking for you.
Tom will come looking for you.
Tom went to look for you.
Let me get it for you.
I baited the hook for you.
Look what I got for you.
Spinach is good for you.
Tom is too good for you.
Am I talking too fast for you?
What else can I do for you?
Am I so different from you?
You're still wearing the ring Tom gave you.
Tom is coming to get you.
Look what I got you.
You've lied to us, haven't you?
You've done time, haven't you?
You've been here all night, haven't you?
You've been here a long time, haven't you?
You've all seen the photos, haven't you?
You've had really a rough day, haven't you?
Tom might hear you.
You have to let us help you.
Tom wants me to help you.
You might want to ask Tom to help you.
You should find somebody else to help you.
You'd better get Tom to help you.
I'm glad I could help you.
Tom could help you.
Tom is busy right now and he can't help you.
It was never my intention to hurt you.
Tom is going to hurt you.
Tom isn't going to hurt you.
Did Tom ever hurt you?
Am I hurting you?
Tom has a lot of faith in you.
I wish I could join you.
Tom is just kidding you.
I don't want to know who kissed you.
Am I supposed to know you?
When did Tom leave you?
No one knows that I like you.
I really do like you.
You're my brother and I love you.
Where can we meet you?
Tom can hardly wait to meet you.
I think Tom misses you.
What motivated you?
Tom is going to need you.
That was sweet of you.
That would be awfully sweet of you.
That's awful sweet of you.
Am I supposed to be scared of you?
Tom reminds me of you.
That's very generous of you.
Who took care of you?
Am I supposed to be afraid of you?
What do we owe you?
What does Tom owe you?
Now I recognize you.
I wonder why Tom didn't recognize you.
Tom still remembers you.
Tom is just trying to scare you.
Tom is trying to scare you.
Tom has been asking to see you.
Tom insisted on coming to see you.
Tom is dying to see you.
Tom is waiting to see you.
Tom will be glad to see you.
Come on, I'll show you.
Tom will try to stop you.
Where can I take you?
Do you remember what I taught you?
Tom has some good news to tell you.
Tom is much taller than you.
Tom is stronger than you.
Tom told me Mary was a better skier than you.
Am I older than you?
They're all older than you.
Tom is more famous than you.
How can I thank you?
You don't even know who sent this to you.
Tom is busy now and can't speak to you.
Does this make any sense to you?
What exactly did Tom say to you?
Tom could be related to you.
Tom was lying to you.
Would Tom lie to you?
Why is it so important to you?
Do you remember how it felt when the same thing happened to you?
I know what Tom did to you.
What use would this be to you?
Leave a message and I'll get back to you.
Did Tom say anything to you?
Tom is trying to trick you.
Does that trouble you?
Why did I trust you?
How can I trust you?
They seem to trust you.
You know Tom doesn't trust you.
How do I know I can trust you?
Tom tried to warn you.
You've been gone over three hours. Where were you?
How close were you?
You were worried, weren't you?
You were with Tom yesterday, weren't you?
You were married, weren't you?
You were curious, weren't you?
You should take a canteen full of water with you.
You should take an umbrella with you.
Are you planning on taking Tom with you?
You shouldn't have brought Tom with you.
I'd feel a lot better if Tom could stay with you.
Can I ride with you?
Are Tom and Mary with you?
Tom will be going with you.
You should let me go with you.
Tom is angry with you.
Tom is still angry with you.
I can't imagine a world without you.
Tom couldn't have done it without you.
You'll be all right, won't you?
Tom hasn't yet done what we've asked him to do.
Tom can't have gone to bed yet.
Tom can't ride a bicycle yet.
Tom hasn't read this book yet.
Tom hasn't actually been to Boston yet.
Tom hasn't registered for classes yet.
Tom hasn't come yet.
I'm not dead yet.
Tom may not be dead yet.
Tom isn't ready to go yet.
Tom hasn't even held Mary's hand yet.
Tom hasn't shown up here yet.
They're not here yet.
Tom hasn't come here yet.
We don't know what it is yet.
Tom hasn't made it yet.
I haven't found a good place to pitch our tent yet.
Tom hasn't spoken to me about it yet.
Don't make up your mind just yet.
Tom isn't a lawyer yet.
Tom hasn't written the letter yet.
Tom hasn't answered my letter yet.
Tom hasn't finished his lunch yet.
Tom hasn't been able to get a hold of Mary yet.
Tom hasn't realized his mistake yet.
This isn't over yet.
Tom hasn't made much progress yet.
It's not raining yet.
Tom hasn't returned yet.
Tom hasn't cleaned his room yet.
I'm really worried that my parents aren't going to like Tom.
Tom hasn't succeeded yet.
Tom isn't quite sure yet.
Even Tom doesn't have one of these yet.
Tom doesn't have one of these yet.
I don't think Tom knows about this yet.
Do you trust Tom yet?
Has anyone found Tom yet?
Tom promised to come, but he hasn't turned up yet.
Tom hasn't seen us yet.
Tom doesn't have what he wants yet.
Tom hasn't shown up at work yet.
You made that clear yesterday.
Tom forgot to feed his dog yesterday.
What were you and Tom doing yesterday?
Tom didn't go yesterday.
You said that you were here yesterday.
You told me that you were here yesterday.
You were supposed to do that yesterday.
Tom went there yesterday.
Tom didn't go there yesterday.
Their answer is yes.
Tom hoped that Mary would say yes.
Tom won't say yes.
Tom was too scared to even yell.
Tom has been here for years.
Tom hasn't kissed me in three months.
We haven't seen each other in thirty years.
Tom has been a teacher for thirty years.
Tom has been teaching for thirty years.
Tom has taught French for thirty years.
Tom has been working here for over three years.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in three years.
Tom has been in Australia for three years.
Tom must be busier now than he was last year.
Tom was arrested last year.
Tom hasn't used it for over a year.
Are you sure you have to renew your passport this year?
Tom is in the back yard.
Tom cut down all the trees in his front yard.
This is the first song I ever wrote.
That's not what I wrote.
I'm sure that Tom appreciates everything you do for him.
Tom may not be wrong.
What could be wrong?
Tom may have been wrong.
Tom would just like to know what he did wrong.
Tom would like to know what he did wrong.
Tom doesn't often admit that he's wrong.
I think Tom is wrong.
Why are you so sure Tom is wrong?
Am I the only one who thinks this is wrong?
Tom believes that suicide is wrong.
Tom is probably wrong.
What Tom did was very wrong.
Perhaps I was wrong.
Apparently, I was wrong.
Tom knew it was wrong.
Tom will never admit that he was wrong.
Tom knew that what he did was wrong.
Tom found out what went wrong.
Say Tom, what's wrong?
Tom is a very imaginative writer.
Tom has been seriously wounded.
It's just a flesh wound.
It cost more than I thought it would.
Tom said Mary would help him, but I didn't think she would.
What's it really worth?
Tom prepared for the worst.
Tom feared the worst.
It could get worse.
The situation's getting worse.
It's not getting worse.
This is much worse.
Tom is clearly worried.
You and I come from different worlds.
Tom doesn't live far from where he works.
That's the way it works.
That's not how it works.
You don't need to know how it works.
You just have to know that it works. You don't need to know how it works.
The plan is working.
Tom is very hard-working.
Tom is a construction worker.
Tom is a really good worker.
Tom is a very hard worker.
Our plan has worked.
Tom whistled as he worked.
Our plan worked.
My plan worked.
Tom's plan never would've worked.
Tom is still at work.
Tom is already hard at work.
Tom is always hard at work.
Does that even work?
Tom bought a couple of loaves of bread on his way home from work.
Tom is busy with his work.
Tom focused on his work.
Tom looked up from his work.
Tom is doing his work.
This might just work.
Tom says he's too tired to do any more work.
That computer might not work.
That might not work.
Does this really work?
Tom did most of the work.
Tom has already finished the work.
Does this thing work?
Tom is on his way to work.
Tom picks me up every morning on his way to work.
How many times have you done this?
You can't wear that.
"You can't wear that." "Why not?"
The server is down.
Our server will be offline on October 20th for scheduled maintenance.
Time is of the essence.
The sun is shining, the temperature is degrees C, therefore cycling is possible.
It's times like these that you give again.
Tom is too tired to work.
Why do I have to work?
Tom doesn't want to go to work.
How am I going to get to work?
Tom drives to work.
Do you think this idea will work?
Am I the only one worried that the plan won't work?
You don't have to say another word.
Tom scarcely said a word.
What a strange woman!
Tom looks like a woman.
Tom lied about who he'd been with.
Tom used to be fun to hang out with.
Just get it over with.
Who else does Tom work with?
You may leave if you wish.
Tom went to Boston last winter.
Tom isn't winning.
Tom ended up winning.
Tom was winning.
Tom is clearly the winner.
Tom drank too much wine.
Pour me a glass of wine.
Tom handed Mary a glass of wine.
You need to clean your windshield.
Tom heard someone tapping on his window.
Tom rolled down his window.
Tom rolled up the window.
Tom climbed through the window.
Tom crawled through the window.
Tom opened the window.
Tom asked me to open the window.
Tom stood near the window.
Tom forgot to close the window.
Do you know who broke this window?
Tom got up to open a window.
Tom knew he couldn't win.
Tom is sure to win.
Do you still think we have a chance to win?
Tom did it willingly.
Go home to your wife.
Tom opened his mouth wide.
Maybe the question's not how but why.
Could you explain why?
Let me explain why.
I guess my only question for you is why.
My question is why.
The difficult question is why.
The question is why.
The unspoken question is why.
The question now is why.
Tom isn't going to know why.
You don't need to know why.
Do you understand why?
The only question is who.
The question is who.
The question now is who.
Tom painted the fence white.
I need to go somewhere else for a little while.
It could take a while.
It might take a while.
Tom comes around once in a while.
Tom has been here for a while.
Tom has been in Boston for a while.
Tom hesitated for a while.
Tom may be gone for a while.
Tom will be back in a while.
Maybe the question's not when but where.
The difficult question is where.
The only question is where.
The question is where.
The question now is where.
The only question is when.
The question is when.
The question now is when.
It's a question of when.
It's just a question of when.
Tom is in a wheelchair.
Tom needs a wheelchair.
Tom has no interest in me whatsoever.
I don't want to know where you were.
Did you see which way Tom went?
I don't want to know where you went.
I'm glad I went.
You don't even know where I went.
Tom and I get along well.
Tom started crying as well.
Tom seems to be doing well.
Tom looks like he doesn't feel well.
Tom asked me if I wasn't feeling well.
Tom may not be feeling well.
Tom sang pretty well.
Tom was doing pretty well.
Tom did pretty well.
Tom says he hasn't been sleeping well.
Tom isn't doing so well.
Tom said he couldn't swim well.
That went very well.
Tom plays the trombone very well.
Tom can sing very well.
Tom sang very well.
Tom is fitting in very well.
Tom looked like he wasn't feeling very well.
Tom doesn't cook very well.
You and I never did get along very well.
Tom lives on welfare.
Tom made us feel welcome.
Am I the only one who thinks this is weird?
Tom seems to have gained weight.
Tom has been gaining weight.
Tom can carry his own weight.
Tom and I are about the same weight.
Tom told Mary that he thought she should lose some weight.
It could take weeks.
That could take weeks.
This could take weeks.
Tom has been missing three weeks.
Tom does all the cooking on weekends.
Tom works as a bartender on weekends.
Tom and Mary went on a picnic together last weekend.
Tom might come to visit next weekend.
Do you plan on visiting Tom this weekend?
You said you were going to go to Boston this weekend.
Tom hasn't been home all week.
Tom writes to me every week.
Tom didn't come to school last week.
We just met last week.
You said that to me last week.
Tom went to Boston last week.
I think I may have to go to Boston next week.
Tom seems to be having a rough week.
Tom is likely to die this week.
Tom has been busy this week.
Tom hasn't been home in a week.
Tom tries to upload a video to YouTube at least once a week.
I don't want Tom singing at our wedding.
What kind of music do you want at your wedding?
It could be a weapon.
Tom seems to be wealthy.
Tom used to be wealthy.
Tom is extremely wealthy.
My family is wealthy.
Tom isn't wealthy.
Tom is quite wealthy.
Tom is very wealthy.
Tom is quite weak.
Do I appear that weak?
There may be another way.
Tom called to say he's on his way.
Tom may have lost his way.
Tom might have lost his way.
I won't let anything stand in my way.
Tom did it the old way.
You always have to have your own way.
Tom always gets his own way.
Am I doing this the right way?
Tom felt the same way.
Tom took off that way.
Why is Tom looking at me that way?
I'm sorry, Tom, I didn't mean it that way.
Tom must've gone that way.
Tom jumped out of the way.
Tom showed me the way.
You're just getting in the way.
Tom never looked this way.
Tom must've gone this way.
Am I the only one that feels this way?
There may be a way.
Tom doesn't really like watermelon.
Tom stepped in a puddle of water.
Let me get you some water.
Tom was thirsty and asked for some water.
Tom plunged into the water.
Tom filled the tub with water.
Tom filled the pool with water.
Tom filled both buckets with water.
Tom is wearing an expensive watch.
Tom stole my watch.
You're smarter than I ever was.
You're a better student than I ever was.
Tom asked Mary how her father was.
Tom isn't as rich as I thought he was.
You never told me what it was.
Tom turned to the man next to him and asked him what time it was.
You don't even know who that man was.
Tom didn't even know who that was.
Are you sure this is where Tom was?
Tom asked me how old I was.
Tom didn't even know who I was.
Tom ignored our warnings.
There was no warning.
The water's not very warm.
The water's warm.
Tom was a prisoner of war.
Tom can say whatever he wants.
Tom can use my computer if he wants.
Tom can eat as much as he wants.
Tom has enough money to buy anything he wants.
Tom doesn't know what he really wants.
Do you have any idea what Tom wants?
We don't even know what Tom wants.
We need to find out what Tom wants.
Who cares what Tom wants?
It's nice to feel wanted.
Tom found what he wanted.
You never asked what I wanted.
What do you men want?
What did Tom really want?
What does Tom really want?
The question is what does Tom want.
What do women want?
Are you sure that's what you want?
You don't even know what you want.
You can drive if you want.
You can eat this if you want.
You can go home early if you want.
You can join us if you want.
You can leave if you want.
You can stay up late if you want.
What kind of fish do you want?
What kind of stuff do you want?
Go ahead and eat as much as you want.
You can take as much as you want.
Is that all you want?
Tom doesn't know what I want.
You know this is what I want.
In the movies, ghosts can walk through walls.
What's behind the wall?
Tom is a fast walker.
I can barely walk.
Tom can hardly walk.
Tom felt like taking a walk.
Tom has gone out for a walk.
Tom is out for a walk.
Tom is out taking a walk.
Tom is taking a walk.
Tom asked us to wait so we waited.
You need to wait.
How long can you wait?
Do you hear voices?
Tom has a beautiful voice.
Tom has a good voice.
Tom takes vitamins.
Tom dropped by for a visit.
Tom is coming for a visit.
You could at least pay Tom a visit.
Am I required to get a visa?
Tom is a virtuoso.
Let me get my violin.
Tom played the violin.
Was Tom ever violent?
Does Tom ever get violent?
Tom was victorious.
Tom felt his phone vibrate.
Tom wanted to become a veterinarian.
Tom was the last one to get in the van.
Am I being too vague?
Tom is now on vacation.
Tom is away on vacation.
Tom intends to play tennis every day during his summer vacation.
Tom didn't eat any more than usual.
Did Tom ask about us?
Tom isn't mad at us.
Could you excuse us?
Would you excuse us?
Tom is still working for us.
Tom used to work for us.
It was sweet of you to do this for us.
Tom is making stew for us.
Tom did what he promised to do for us.
Why did you have to hide from us?
Keep Tom away from us.
They won't help us.
The question is how do we convince Tom to help us.
What we have to do is persuade Tom to help us.
You said that they could help us.
Tom isn't going to hurt us.
You're interrupting us.
They tried to kill us.
Why did you leave us?
Tom is a lot like us.
Tom isn't like us.
Tom didn't recognize any of us.
Tom is respected by all of us.
Tom has been spying on us.
Tom may not remember us.
How can you stop us?
How would you stop us?
Nothing can stop us.
Tom just called to thank us.
Who sent this to us?
Tom finished what he was doing and then came over to talk to us.
Tom has been lying to us.
Why did you lie to us?
Tom waved goodbye to us.
Tom has been good to us.
Tom has been very good to us.
Tom lives next door to us.
I think Tom is trying to trick us.
Do you think anyone is watching us?
Tom will catch up with us.
The question is are you going with us.
You said that you were planning on going with us.
You told me that you were planning on going with us.
Tom never wanted to go with us.
Tom is coming with us.
Tom will be coming with us.
Please come with us.
Tom might not want to come with us.
Tom wanted to come with us.
Tom shouldn't be with us.
Tom won't agree with us.
Do you think you could do it without us?
Why would I be upset?
You have every right to be upset.
Does Tom look upset?
Tom started to back up.
Tom folded the paper back up.
Why did you and Tom break up?
Why did Tom and Mary break up?
The sun just came up.
When does Tom usually get up?
Tom lied about where he grew up.
Tom must've made it up.
Tom cleaned it up.
The rain has let up.
My mind is made up.
Tom's mind is made up.
Tom was unable to wake Mary up.
Tom didn't wake me up.
Why didn't Tom wake me up?
Tom is coming to pick me up.
Please clean this place up.
Tom was pretty shaken up.
Tom is still pretty shook up.
Tom seemed pretty shook up.
Tom tried to stand up.
You're going to screw this up.
Tom didn't turn up.
Tom is coming to pick us up.
When did Tom wake up?
Where can I wash up?
Hi Tom, what's up?
Hey Tom, what's up?
Do you think Tom is going to come to pick you up?
Go clean yourself up.
Tom made us feel unwelcome.
This is very unusual.
Tom was untrustworthy.
Tom is very untalented.
Tom was unsociable.
Tom was unscrupulous.
Tom seems to be unreliable.
Tom is extremely unreliable.
Tom seems unreliable.
Tom was unreliable.
Tom is being unrealistic.
Tom is extremely unpredictable.
Tom is very unpredictable.
Tom was unpleasant.
Tom sent Mary's letter back unopened.
Tom seems to be unlucky.
Tom was extremely unlucky.
Tom is quite unlucky.
Tom seems unlucky.
Tom is very unlucky.
Tom was unlucky.
Tom never was unlucky.
Tom went to unlock the door, but found that it was already unlocked.
Tom was careful not to leave the door unlocked.
Tom isn't unkind.
Tom was never unkind.
Tom is very unkind.
Tom wants a unicycle.
Tom is lonely and unhappy.
Tom seems to be unhappy.
Tom is extremely unhappy.
It's clear Tom is unhappy.
What makes you think that Tom is unhappy?
Tom isn't unhappy.
Tom was never unhappy.
Tom is quite unhappy.
Tom seems unhappy.
Tom seems to be unfriendly.
Tom is extremely unfriendly.
Tom seems unfriendly.
Tom is very unfriendly.
Tom was unfriendly.
Tom doesn't like to leave anything unfinished.
Tom was unfaithful.
Tom was never unfair.
Tom is very unfair.
Tom was unenthusiastic.
Tom is still unemployed.
Tom is very understanding.
Tom wanted to understand.
The money is a legacy from my aunt.
This room is not big.
Now tell me, are you a good person?
He had to send them a grovelling letter.
Only uninformed people think that language is used only to communicate. Language is also a way of thinking, a way of seeing the world, a culture.
Please try to understand.
Tom is an undergrad.
Tom is very undependable.
You may not like what you uncover.
Tom isn't unbiased.
Tom needs an umbrella.
Tom went back into the house to get an umbrella.
Tom forgot to bring an umbrella.
What did I do with my umbrella?
I came back here to get my umbrella.
Tom took the wrong umbrella.
Tom used to be ugly.
Tom is quite ugly.
Tom is very ugly.
Tom isn't the marrying type.
Somehow Tom doesn't seem to be Mary's type.
Tom owes me a favor or two.
Tom and I aren't identical twins.
Tom doesn't have to be asked twice.
Tom has been in Boston twice.
Tom enjoys watching basketball games on TV.
Tom pointed the remote at the TV.
Tom went back to watching TV.
Tom spends too much time watching TV.
When do I get my turn?
Tom made a wrong turn.
Tom often sings out of tune.
All I can do is try.
It might be fun to try.
That might be fun to try.
It's certainly worth a try.
Tom was truthful.
That's only part of the truth.
Tom must've known the truth.
Tom must know the truth.
Can Tom handle the truth?
Tom isn't trustworthy.
Tom seems trustworthy.
Tom isn't to be trusted.
That guy over there doesn't even look like Tom.
The question is whether Tom can be trusted.
How do I know who I can trust?
Tom is a person you can trust.
Tom is a man we can trust.
How do I know who to trust?
What Tom said is actually true.
Everything I just told you is true.
Not everything Tom told you is true.
Everything I've said is true.
Tom says a lot of things that aren't quite true.
Is any of this true?
That part was true.
This fell off a truck.
Tom was hit by a truck.
Tom seems to be in trouble.
Tom got into trouble.
Tom doesn't want to get into trouble.
Tom went on a fishing trip.
It's going to be a long trip.
You should cancel your trip.
You shouldn't cancel your trip.
Tom is away on a trip.
That was a good trick.
It could be a trick.
Tom pruned the tree.
Tom hid behind the tree.
Tom enjoys traveling.
Tom is used to traveling.
It turned out to be a trap.
You might want to try to catch an earlier train.
Tom ran all the way to the station so he wouldn't miss his train.
Tom never takes the train.
Tom hurried so he wouldn't miss the train.
Tom is still out of town.
Tom took care of my dog while I was out of town.
Tom didn't want to look like a tourist.
Tom used to be tough.
Tom seems tough.
Tom isn't very tough.
Tom is very tough.
Tom is quite touchy.
Tom is very touchy.
Tom doesn't like to be touched.
Tom has been out of touch.
Children have rights, too.
Did you hear that, too?
Tom and Mary are here, too.
Tom is going to be there, too.
You need to have some fun, too.
Is Tom here tonight?
You might not want to stay up so late tonight.
Let's leave tonight.
Tom said he saw Mary tonight.
Go out with me tonight.
Leave with me tonight.
We just met tonight.
Mary asked me to take her out tonight.
Tom will almost certainly be at the party tonight.
Tom will be at the party tonight.
There are no stars in the sky tonight.
Do you think it's going to snow tonight?
There are no stars tonight.
Am I going to run into Tom tonight?
Tom is picking me up tonight.
I hope I dream about you tonight.
Tom has a loose tongue.
Tom will be back tomorrow.
Tom will be busy tomorrow.
We really have a lot that needs to be done by tomorrow.
Tom might come tomorrow.
Tom will be free tomorrow.
You don't need to go tomorrow.
You don't have to be here tomorrow.
Tom will return home tomorrow.
You have to help us clean the house tomorrow.
The race is tomorrow.
Tom will do it tomorrow.
Tom has to go there tomorrow.
Let's continue this tomorrow.
Tom will be in Boston by this time tomorrow.
It would be better if we didn't do this until tomorrow.
You don't have to be back until tomorrow.
Tom has to work tomorrow.
How long were you at Tom's?
There's a chance this might be Tom's.
The decision is Tom's.
Why don't you go to Tom's?
Why don't you want to go to Tom's?
Wake me up when we get to Tom's.
You should go back to Tom's.
There was a lot I didn't know about Tom.
What have you got against Tom?
They both looked at Tom.
Why are you pretending to be Tom?
That might not even be Tom.
Did you believe Tom?
Can you really blame Tom?
Who could blame Tom?
The question is how do we convince Tom.
Try not to disturb Tom.
I didn't see anyone in the park except Tom.
How can we find Tom?
Do you think they'll find Tom?
The police can't find Tom.
When did you fire Tom?
Did you wait for Tom?
Could you make a copy of this for Tom?
Is there anything you can do for Tom?
I'll never forget Tom.
I've been expecting a visit from Tom.
Promise me you'll help Tom.
How can you help Tom?
How did you help Tom?
Am I supposed to help Tom?
Is there anything you can do to help Tom?
You should try to help Tom.
Why aren't you helping Tom?
It wasn't my idea to hire Tom.
Was I supposed to ignore Tom?
Why did you invite Tom?
Where exactly is Tom?
Who tried to kill Tom?
Do you know who killed Tom?
Maybe I shouldn't have kissed Tom.
Have you ever kissed Tom?
How well did you know Tom?
Why would anyone not like Tom?
Did you murder Tom?
Is your name Tom?
The question is who'll go there instead of Tom.
What would we have to offer Tom?
What do you owe Tom?
What do we owe Tom?
Did you recognize Tom?
They said they never saw Tom.
The question is who's going to tell Tom.
What exactly attracted you to Tom?
How do I explain that to Tom?
There are some things you shouldn't say to Tom.
What exactly do you want me to say to Tom?
What would you like to say to Tom?
I sent some money to Tom.
I'm glad you introduced me to Tom.
You're not going to believe what happened to Tom.
Why don't you trust Tom?
You're going to have to trust Tom.
You underestimated Tom.
Why can't we go visit Tom?
How did you know my name was Tom?
I found out what's wrong with Tom.
Am I going to have to work with Tom?
Do you work with Tom?
Why do I have to work with Tom?
Did you ever get in touch with Tom?
I spend a lot of my free time with Tom.
How much time do you spend with Tom?
Who's the person with Tom?
Be patient with Tom.
You don't have to go out with Tom.
You shouldn't mess with Tom.
I've never played guitar with Tom.
Why should I want to go with Tom?
Why should you have to go with Tom?
We know you're friends with Tom.
What does all this have to do with Tom?
There are some topics you shouldn't discuss with Tom.
When are you going to deal with Tom?
That's really immature, Tom.
Tom isn't very tolerant.
You and I are going to have a lot of fun together.
We should get together.
When we were in high school, Tom and I used to hang out a lot together.
Tom welded the pipes together.
Tom stopped by again today.
Tom is much better today.
Tom is a lot better today.
Tom is really busy today.
Tom stopped by today.
Tom skipped a couple of classes today.
Tom won't come today.
Tom may come today.
Do we have to make that decision today?
Tom has a lot of work to do today.
You might want to leave a little earlier today.
You said that you were planning on leaving early today.
You told me that you were planning on leaving early today.
You shouldn't have gone fishing today.
You shouldn't go fishing today.
Let's meet here again a year from today.
Tom is playing golf today.
Tom looks happier today.
Tom looks very happy today.
I wasn't the first one here today.
Who was the first one here today?
We just got here today.
Tom was the last one to get here today.
Tom was the last to get here today.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is planning to be here today.
You don't need to be here today.
You shouldn't be here today.
Tom just came home today.
Tom is at home today.
Tom says he needs it today.
I think I may have to work late today.
Tom will be here later today.
Tom will be back later today.
Where are Tom and Mary today?
Tom is here with me today.
Tom is in a good mood today.
Tom came to my office today.
Tom doesn't feel like playing outside today.
What did Tom do at school today?
Tom can't go shopping today.
Tom bought quite a few things today.
Why are you wearing a tie today?
Have you guys seen Tom today?
You've been acting weird today.
Tom is doing very well today.
Tom has no one to play with today.
Tom injured himself at work today.
Tom wants to buy a car, but he can't afford to.
There's still other business to attend to.
Who do they belong to?
Who does that belong to?
Who does it belong to?
What high school did Tom go to?
I've got a funeral to go to.
I've got a meeting to go to.
I've got a wedding to go to.
Tom did that because he had to.
Tom did what he had to.
Tom will do whatever you ask him to.
Tom doesn't like the music I listen to.
We don't even know who Tom got married to.
Tom knows who to give the message to.
Tom was going to sign it, but decided not to.
Where are they off to?
Tom doesn't always do what he's supposed to.
I don't know who to give this to.
Tom has no one to turn to.
You may leave if you want to.
You don't have to go to school today if you don't want to.
You don't have to help if you don't want to.
You don't need to go if you don't want to.
Tom has to do it even if he doesn't want to.
Tom has to do it even though he doesn't want to.
Tom had to do it even though he didn't want to.
Tom can do anything he wants to.
Tom may leave anytime he wants to.
Tom handed Mary a box of tissues.
You need to put air in your tires.
You're always tired.
Tom looks pretty tired.
Tom looked quite tired.
Tom looked really tired.
You said that you were tired.
You told me that you were tired.
Tom is a bit tipsy.
Do you accept tips?
Don't forget to leave a tip.
Tom is very timid.
Tom did it a few times.
Tom has been warned many times.
Tom told me that he's seen that movie three times.
Ask me again another time.
Tom is just buying time.
I don't have enough time.
Tom keeps complaining that he doesn't have enough time.
We still don't have enough time.
Three hours should be enough time.
I recently met Tom for the first time.
Tom is stalling for time.
Tom is having a good time.
We're making good time.
You're going to have a great time.
Tom is having a hard time.
Tom likes to take his time.
Tom won't be able to get there in time.
Tom couldn't get out in time.
Tom got out of the way just in time.
Tom jumped back just in time.
Tom might not be here in time.
The question is how to get this done in time.
This is the same room we met in last time.
You've been married a long time.
Tom was here a long time.
Tom lived there a long time.
Tom lived in Boston for a long time.
Tom has lived alone for a long time.
Tom has been there a long time.
Tom has been in love with you for a long time.
Tom has been here for quite a long time.
They sound like they've been married for a long time.
It may be a long time.
Tom hurried to make up for lost time.
There's no more time.
Tom said he just needed more time.
We would've stayed longer if we had had more time.
You've got to do better than that next time.
It should be a little easier next time.
You need to be more careful next time.
It took a lot of time.
Am I on time?
Tom is going to make it on time.
It's possible that Tom won't be here on time.
We got here on time.
What makes you think Tom won't be here on time?
Ask me again some other time.
Do you need some time?
We've still got some time.
Tom has been here for some time.
You took your sweet time.
It's going to take time.
Tom and Mary didn't know each other at that time.
Tom was here at that time.
Tom wasn't married to Mary at that time.
Tom was pretty young at the time.
People ask me that all the time.
People like Tom lie all the time.
Tom calls me all the time.
Tom comes over all the time.
Tom does this all the time.
Tom is busy all the time.
Tom teases me all the time.
Tom is about to get married for the third time.
You did so much better this time.
You've got better things to do with your time.
Could I have a minute of your time?
Tom held Mary tightly.
Please hold on tight.
Tom took off his jacket and untied his bow tie.
Tom tore up the tickets.
Tom didn't buy the tickets.
Tom lost his ticket.
Do you still have that raffle ticket?
Tom bought Mary a ticket.
Tom died when I was three.
I owe Tom thirty thousand.
You seem to be having second thoughts.
Tom was thoughtless.
You're looking very thoughtful.
Tom was thoughtful.
What a nice thought!
Tom says he's given it a lot of thought.
You're even crazier than I thought.
What kind of pills are those?
What good are those?
What color are those?
Where can I find one of those?
Who would want one of those?
You might want to buy one of those.
You shouldn't have to pay that much to buy one of those.
I told Tom not to use those.
What would Tom say about this?
What's Tom going to say about this?
What would Tom say about that?
I don't want to get married, but I want to have kids.
I don't want to have kids, but I want to get married.
I don't want to have kids, and I don't want to get married.
I want to get married and I want to have kids.
Tom and Mary had a medieval wedding.
Tom and Mary had a Celtic wedding.
Tom and Mary like to gossip about celebrities.
Mary likes to gossip about celebrities.
The Internet changed everything.
Many restaurants now have free Wi-Fi.
Tom likes cats.
Tom likes kittens.
Tom likes squirrels.
Tom owns a pizzeria.
If you will be in Istanbul when I visit in March next year, I would like to spend some time with you.
Someone stole my stuff.
Will the madness ever end?
I can call anyone I want on my car-phone.
I'm on my car-phone.
Mario says that Romulus is the founder of Rome.
I won't put up with this.
They won't put up with this, when they find out.
If I were him, I wouldn't put up with it.
Now, that is something I will not put up with.
No one should have to put up with this.
Let's play twenty questions.
He wrote his diary in broad Scots.
All hope was gone.
The garbage dump is over there.
The gang met up at the city dump.
Did you shave yesterday?
Tom gets on well with both of his sisters, but things are a bit strained with his brother.
Tom's a glass half full man.
We've just had our coldest August morning for twenty years.
Mary's mother's very impressed with Mary's new boyfriend, Tom.
A typhoon is coming, so be careful.
I will drive you to Brindisi.
Tom stole a motor scooter.
It's the first argument that I'll use.
You closed your eyes.
He works in the university.
The slave has his pride; he agrees to obey only the most vigorous despot.
She arrived there before you.
You had been supported by the elbows.
Would nine o'clock be convenient for Tom?
According to the experiment, the man would have given up on the treatments proposed to him.
Make good use of the little time given to you.
He will be right.
The historical outcome proved him right.
Mary has a very fine feeling for language.
That terminology is not at all suitable for the description of that kind of language.
Love is stronger than hatred.
I am over forty.
The day is warmer than the night.
"I'm looking for the telephone number of the pizzeria on Rose Street. Will you help me find it?" — "So you're looking for the book service." — "You never really listen to me. I need the telephone number of the pizza delivery service." — "Are you talking about a pizza service?" — "That's just what I'm talking about." — "For me, then, a Hawaiian pizza."
Mary admires the masterpieces of Aztec culture.
Mary's father complains about the injustice of the capitalist social system.
He was painted like a clown.
Don't miss out on this opportunity.
There is no "masculine" way of learning.
Will you be there?
She is very proud of her stamp collection.
I deny myself, because I know that I am neither thoughts nor body.
I don't understand where the trick lies here.
The army continues its anti-terrorism operation.
Tom secretly put Mary's dresses on when she wasn't at home.
We could ask Tom.
How did your test go?
I'll tell on you!
"What's the catch?" "There's no catch. I swear."
"What's the catch?" "There's no catch."
I don't really get the point.
How do you know I was going to say yes?
How did you know Tom was going to say yes?
"Stupid humans," said the squirrel.
I closed my phone.
I ate a salad for lunch.
How thin is too thin?
They're all lying.
I give part of my paycheck to my parents to help them pay the bills.
That is so cool.
That is, like, so cool.
Do you think I should tell him?
Do you think I should tell her?
The rumors were true.
The rumors were false.
Tom is playing ping-pong with his friends.
What's Tom have to say about this?
You know that eventually everybody's going to know about this.
Tom doesn't know anything about this.
What's Tom got to do with all this?
Just look at all this.
I can't allow this.
Will you look at this?
Did you check this?
Would you check this?
When did you guys decide that?
How should we do this?
Are you sure this is the best way to do this?
I don't know why you want me to do this.
I need you to do this.
Is there another way to do this?
It was Tom's idea to do this.
Maybe we're not supposed to do this.
There's an easier way to do this.
Tom has no right to do this.
Tom needs to do this.
Why does Tom want to do this?
You know you don't have to do this.
You said we should do this.
Are you sure we can do this?
Does Tom know you're doing this?
You've got to stop doing this.
Is this really the best place to be doing this?
You know as well as I do that we shouldn't be doing this.
I think I know who might've done this.
Tom can't eat this.
It'll take us at least three hours to finish this.
How do you fix this?
Are you sure you're ready for this?
You don't need to be here for this.
Tom will probably never forget this.
Who found this?
Do you think I can't handle this?
We can handle this.
Tom doesn't know I still have this.
Am I imagining this?
What's your interest in this?
Whose apartment is this?
Tom won't like this.
Tom is going to like this.
Tom isn't going to like this.
I wonder why Tom came at a time like this.
What are you doing in a place like this?
You might not like this.
Tom is going to love this.
How are we going to manage this?
How did I miss this?
Tom isn't part of this.
Isn't there another way out of this?
Tom doesn't know what to make of this.
I don't know where to put this.
Where exactly do you want me to put this?
Tom is going to regret this.
You'd better clean your room before your mother sees this.
Could you sign this?
Did you steal this?
I'd like you to take this.
You're going to get through this.
Do you know how to use this?
Do you think Tom had something to do with this?
Did I show you this?
Why did Tom send you this?
Tom is almost thirty.
Tom must be around thirty.
Tom could pass for thirty.
Tom is probably over thirty.
Tom is over thirty.
Tom is definitely over thirty.
Tom is clearly over thirty.
Tom looks like a teenager, but he's actually over thirty.
Tom died when he was thirty.
Tom got married when he was thirty.
Tom always gets up at six-thirty.
Tom is only thirteen.
Tom couldn't read until he was thirteen.
Tom started learning French when he was thirteen.
Tom is a fast thinker.
Tom isn't as intelligent as you might think.
Tom knows a lot more about that than you might think.
Tom doesn't care what people think.
Tom isn't as intelligent as you think.
Tom is still in love with you, I think.
Tom likes all of us, I think.
Tom will follow my advice, I think.
Let me handle things.
Am I imagining things?
Tom lied about a lot of things.
Tom owns a lot of things.
Tom said a lot of things.
Tom says a lot of things.
We want all the same things.
You and I don't always like the same things.
Tom doesn't like to share things.
Tom is awfully good at that sort of thing.
You're too old to be doing this kind of thing.
You're too young to be doing this kind of thing.
Tom is off doing his own thing.
Am I doing the right thing?
Do you think Tom will do the right thing?
Tom is doing the right thing.
We want to do the right thing.
You know you did the right thing.
Tom made up the whole thing.
Let's try not to do the wrong thing.
Tom will never suspect a thing.
Tom wouldn't do such a thing.
Tom used to be thin.
Tom is quite thin.
Tom is very thin.
What good are they?
What color are they?
How close are they?
This cake is really delicious, isn't it?
They went to Australia, didn't they?
What color were they?
Take a look at these.
Why do you need to do that now?
Do you know how to use one of these?
Have you tried one of these?
Would you care to try one of these?
The police are there.
Tom will never go back there.
Tom expects me to be there.
Tom is going to be there.
Tom isn't going to be there.
Tom might still be there.
I don't know when I should be there.
How long has Tom been there?
Tom denied having been there.
The meeting would've gone a lot differently if Tom hadn't been there.
Tom just came from there.
Get away from there.
Keep away from there.
Tom forced me to go there.
Tom is having trouble deciding whether or not to go there.
Tom was determined to go there.
Tom will have to go there.
Why would they go there?
Tom would never go there.
Tom made me go there.
Tom was dead by the time the ambulance got there.
Do you need some help there?
Tom doesn't know what's in there.
Take a look in there.
What do you think Tom keeps in there?
Keep it down in there.
What proof is there?
What other explanation is there?
What else is there?
Just leave it there.
Are we nearly there?
You've got to get out of there.
There's no one there.
Tom is right over there.
Tom is playing over there.
Do you think Tom is really there?
Are Tom and Mary still there?
I doubt Tom is still there.
Just leave them there.
Do you want Tom there?
You'll have to drive us there.
We don't even know for sure that Tom was there.
Tom looked under the bed to see if the other slipper was there.
Can I meet you there?
Tom comes around now and then.
You don't need to know about them.
What do you call them?
When do you need them?
There seem to be only three of them.
Tom took care of them.
Keep an eye on them.
Do you remember them?
How can we stop them?
Tom is smarter than them.
Can I trust them?
Am I wrong about that?
What does Tom think about that?
Am I right about that?
Tom hasn't yet said anything to me about that.
Tom never even asked Mary about that.
Do you think Tom is still mad about that?
Why would Tom lie about that?
You don't need to know about that.
What can I do about that?
Tom was very clear about that.
Tom isn't very likely to know anything about that.
Was Tom angry about that?
Why do you ask that?
Take a look at that.
Tom is getting good at that.
You're getting better at that.
Do you believe that?
Does Tom believe that?
Am I supposed to be impressed by that?
We'll soon change that.
We can change that.
You can change that.
You deserved that.
I'd like to hear the reason that you did that.
Tom is the one who did that.
What made you think Tom did that?
I can't believe we just did that.
Why should I do that?
How would I do that?
How could I do that?
If I were you, I wouldn't do that.
Can you think of any reason Tom would do that?
Can you think of any reason why Tom would do that?
I wonder what made Tom do that.
Why should Tom do that?
Am I qualified to do that?
Don't be afraid to do that.
I can teach you how to do that.
I can't believe you really want to do that.
I don't have the time or the inclination to do that.
I don't know why you want me to do that.
Tom advised Mary not to do that.
Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom has to do that.
Tom is never going to do that.
Tom is too old to do that.
Tom is unable to do that.
Tom isn't able to do that.
Tom isn't very likely to know how to do that.
Tom never got the chance to do that.
Tom used to do that.
Tom would probably like to do that.
Was I supposed to do that?
We don't have time to do that.
Where did Tom learn to do that?
Why should I have to do that?
Why should I want to do that?
Will I be allowed to do that?
You know we don't need to do that.
How can we possibly do that?
Tom hates it when people do that.
You'd better let me do that.
Do you ever do that?
It's our job to make certain Tom doesn't do that.
Tom says that he can't do that.
I don't believe Tom can do that.
I don't think Tom can do that.
Do you always do that?
You're going to have to stop doing that.
Tom says he doesn't remember doing that.
Am I correct in assuming you regret doing that?
Tom has no intention of doing that.
Tom did everything he could to stop Mary from doing that.
Was I not supposed to be doing that?
Tom can't have done that.
Am I correct in assuming that you wish you hadn't done that?
Why hasn't Tom already done that?
I have a reason to doubt that.
I shouldn't have eaten that.
You don't have to finish that.
Tom doesn't have time for that.
Tom is too smart for that.
Tom isn't going to forget that.
Tom can handle that.
You know how much I hate that.
Tom will be delighted to hear that.
Tom will be glad to hear that.
Did you all hear that?
Whose ring is that?
What help is that?
Whose baby is that?
How would I know that?
Tom is going to like that.
Tom isn't going to like that.
It was just like that.
Tom hates guys like that.
Why is Tom dressed like that?
Tom doesn't usually dress like that.
You know Tom doesn't like that.
Tom has always been like that.
Tom has never done anything like that.
Why would Tom do anything like that?
Tom used to love that.
You were the one who told me that.
How did I miss that?
You know we don't need that.
Did you notice that?
Are you absolutely sure of that?
You seem awfully sure of that.
You sound awfully sure of that.
Tom is taking care of that.
Tom took care of that.
Tom will take care of that.
I got over that.
Where did you read that?
Do you remember that?
Forget I said that.
Tom would be hurt if you said that.
Tom couldn't have said that.
Tom may have said that.
When did I say that?
Did I really say that?
Would you stop that?
Tom did more than that.
Tom has done more than that.
It's deeper than that.
Am I the only one who thinks that?
You said I should do that.
You're the one who said I should to that.
Tom didn't know how to react to that.
They'll never agree to that.
You shouldn't have tried that.
Few people understand that.
Why would I wear that?
Do you think Tom might have a problem with that?
Let me help with that.
You might want to study a little harder before the next test.
Tom didn't do well on the test.
Tom was caught cheating on a test.
They live in tents.
Tom is looking for a good place to pitch the tent.
Tom is good at tennis.
Tom isn't very good at tennis.
I never learned how to play tennis.
I never learned to play tennis.
Tom seems temperamental.
Tom is very temperamental.
Tom has braces on his teeth.
You said that you were just teasing.
Tom was just teasing.
Tom was only teasing.
Tom isn't on the baseball team.
Who else do we have on our team?
Tom is on the team.
Tom is a member of the team.
Did I make the team?
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to join the team.
Tom went into teaching.
They both are teachers.
Tom is apparently a French teacher.
Tom is a gym teacher.
Tom was a science teacher.
Tom has decided to become a teacher.
Tom looks like a teacher.
Tom used to be a teacher.
Does Tom like Earl Grey tea?
Do you want some more tea?
Tom brought me a cup of tea.
Tom is making a cup of tea.
Tom poured me some tea.
You should go there by taxi.
Tom got in the taxi.
Tom isn't up to the task.
Tom missed the target.
Tom aimed at the target.
Where did Tom get that tan?
Tom is not so tall.
Tom has never been much of a talker.
Tom used to be talkative.
Tom is extremely talkative.
Tom is quite talkative.
Tom never was very talkative.
Tom is very talkative.
Tom was talkative.
What we need now is a quiet place to sit and talk.
We should really sit down and talk.
You and I have to have a little talk.
Tom would just like to talk.
Tom is a man of many talents.
Tom is incredibly talented.
Tom isn't talented.
Tom isn't very talented.
Tom took off his name tag.
Tom bent down to look under the table.
Tom drummed his fingers on the table.
Let me help you clear the table.
Tom isn't sympathetic.
Were you sympathetic?
You don't even like swimming.
You used to love swimming.
Tom didn't want to swim.
Tom is learning to swim.
Have you ever thought about learning how to swim?
Tom knows how to swim.
You know as well as I do that Tom doesn't know how to swim.
Tom has cut down on sweets.
Tom is such a sweetheart.
Tom likes anything sweet.
That's sort of sweet.
Don't you think Tom is kind of sweet?
It was really sweet.
That was really sweet.
These are really sweet.
Go get me a sweater.
Tom gave Mary a sweater.
You're full of surprises.
Tom can't have been all that surprised.
Tom died during surgery.
Let's be sure.
Tom will win for sure.
Tom will succeed for sure.
Tom will come for sure.
We've got to make sure.
I'm just not sure.
Tom held onto the rail for support.
Tom gave me moral support.
Tom has three kids to support.
Tom has a family to support.
Tom works at a supermarket.
Tom lost his sunglasses.
Tom went there last summer.
You said that you were in Boston last summer.
You told me that you were in Boston last summer.
What will Tom be doing this summer?
Tom carried both suitcases.
Tom waited patiently for Mary to finish packing her suitcase.
Tom hastily packed his suitcase.
Tom made me carry his suitcase.
I might be able to help you find Tom.
That's a nice suit.
Tom tried to commit suicide.
What's Tom suggesting?
You might not want to buy that much sugar.
You need to buy some sugar.
Tom seems to be successful.
Tom used to be successful.
Tom is extremely successful.
Tom is quite successful.
Tom isn't very successful.
Tom is very successful.
Tom never was successful.
Tom has no chance of succeeding.
Tom hasn't yet succeeded.
Tom is sure to succeed.
Tom lives in the suburbs.
Am I being too subtle?
Tom didn't want to change the subject.
Tom has a healthy life style.
The room is stuffy.
Tom took all my stuff.
Where did Tom get all this stuff?
Tom might be studying.
Tom spends a lot of time in his room studying.
Tom became fairly fluent in French after about three years of intense study.
Tom was too tired to study.
Tom is very studious.
Tom neglected his studies.
Tom is an art student.
Tom is a bad student.
Tom is an excellent student.
Tom is a lazy student.
Tom was a medical student.
Tom is a medical student.
Tom is a typical high school student.
Tom is extremely stubborn.
Tom isn't stubborn.
Tom isn't big, but he's strong.
Tom is quite strong.
Tom isn't very strong.
Tom never was strong.
Are you still living on Park Street?
Tom is going to buy a house on Park Street.
Tom is hiding in an abandoned building on Park Street.
Tom works in a flower shop on Park Street.
Tom went out to the street.
Tom looked out the window at the street.
Tom lives on this street.
Tom doesn't trust strangers.
Tom was acting strange.
I didn't notice anything strange.
Am I the only one who thinks this is strange?
This is very strange.
Tom is very straightforward.
It was a nice story.
Tom made up the whole story.
Tom wrote a lot of stories.
Tom took Mary to the store.
Tom went to the store.
Tom saw Mary enter the store.
Tom has got to be stopped.
Tom needs to be stopped.
Would you please stop?
Tom doesn't want to stop.
Am I supposed to stop?
Tom isn't going to stop.
Why did Tom stop?
Tom had a stomachache.
You shouldn't be drinking on an empty stomach.
This is the money Tom stole.
Am I going to need stitches?
Tom stood perfectly still.
Just watch your step.
Why did you decide to stay?
I plan to stay as long as you stay.
Tom asked someone he met on the street how to get to the station.
Tom took me to the station.
Tom asked me to meet him at the station.
Tom drove Mary to the train station.
Tom couldn't get the engine started.
You're just getting started.
Tom got a head start.
The question is when should we start.
Where should we start?
I found out why the car wouldn't start.
Where should I start?
Tom looked up at the stars.
Tom bought some vegetables at a roadside stand.
Tom walked up the stairs.
This is a good spot.
This is a nice spot.
Tom has no interest whatsoever in spectator sports.
Tom asked me how many languages I spoke.
I'm the one who wrote Tom's speech.
It was really special.
Tom is an excellent speaker.
Tom is a fast speaker.
Tom is a southpaw.
I'm going south.
We should head south.
Tom heard the sound.
Do you plan on going home anytime soon?
Tom will get back soon.
Tom will come back soon.
Tom should be back soon.
Tom will come soon.
Tom will be done soon.
Tom will be back on his feet soon.
Tom will return home soon.
Tom will be getting home soon.
Tom is going to be home soon.
We'll need to leave soon.
They should be finished pretty soon.
Tom will be here real soon.
Why is Tom leaving so soon?
Is tomorrow too soon?
Tom will be here very soon.
Tom will get well soon.
Tom is a songwriter.
Tom writes beautiful songs.
This is a great song.
Tom really liked this song.
Tom sang me a song.
Tom was singing a song.
Tom missed his son.
This boy is my son.
Tom may be here somewhere.
Do you need a ride somewhere?
Tom is strange sometimes.
You really are very sweet sometimes.
You're very sweet sometimes.
Do you want to do this again sometime?
You really should try it sometime.
Tom doesn't need to be told more than once to do something.
Shouldn't we be doing something?
Am I forgetting something?
Am I supposed to give a speech or something?
You have to trust someone.
Tom has come up with a possible solution.
Tom didn't want me to become a soldier.
Tom is sound asleep on the sofa.
Tom bought three pairs of socks.
Tom is good at soccer.
Tom doesn't like soccer.
Tom doesn't play soccer.
Tom looks sober.
I'll be in Boston about a month or so.
It's still snowing.
Was I snoring?
Tom is kind of a snob.
Tom is very sneaky.
Tom fixed us a snack.
Tom tried to stop smoking.
Tom is a chain smoker.
Everyone is still smiling.
All three men smiled.
Does Tom ever smile?
Tom was trying not to smile.
Tom is extremely smart.
Tom is quite smart.
Tom isn't very smart.
Tom is a slowpoke.
That clock is slow.
Hand me my slippers.
Tom wiped his face with his sleeve.
Tom rolled up his sleeve.
Tom must be getting sleepy.
Tom says he isn't sleepy.
Tom looks sleepy.
Tom looks pretty sleepy.
Tom is really sleepy.
Tom seems very sleepy.
Tom seems to be very sleepy.
They say never wake up a sleepwalker.
You know how you get when you don't get enough sleep.
Tom just wanted some sleep.
You should be getting some sleep.
Tom just wanted to get some sleep.
Tom doesn't want to sleep.
Tom is going to sleep.
Tom said he was going to go back to sleep.
You should cut Tom some slack.
Tom looked at the sky.
Tom is awfully skinny.
Tom used to be skinny.
Tom never was skinny.
Tom got wet to the skin.
Tom is a pretty good skier.
Tom taught me how to ski.
Tom was very skeptical.
Tom is about my size.
Tom asked me to wake him up at six.
Tom usually gets up before six.
Tom tried to make the best of a bad situation.
The question is how are we going to deal with the situation.
Tom has been briefed about the situation.
The question is how will we deal with this situation.
It was a pretty weird situation.
Tom didn't have any brothers or sisters.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary sings.
Tom used to be a singer.
What should we sing?
Tom seems to be sincere.
The question is simple.
The answer is simple.
You make it sound very simple.
The room was silent.
The group was silent.
The crowd was silent.
This is a good sign.
Tom is a bit on the heavy side.
Tom is on the heavy side.
You and I'll never be on the same side.
Tom is only pretending to be sick.
Tom couldn't come because he's sick.
Tom looks pretty sick.
Tom is pretty sick.
Tom seems to be shy.
Tom used to be shy.
Tom is a little shy.
Tom never was shy.
Tom needs a shower.
You could at least take a shower.
This is a good show.
It was a great show.
Tom looked nervously over his shoulder.
This is our only shot.
It was worth a shot.
Tom should be back shortly.
Tom will be back shortly.
They should be finished shortly.
Tom had his hair cut really short.
The battle was short.
Tom intends to go shopping.
Tom has gone shopping.
Tom shined his shoes.
Tom doesn't even have a pair of shoes.
Tom wore an old pair of shoes.
Tom asked everyone to take off their shoes.
Tom couldn't find his left shoe.
Am I supposed to be shocked?
This is my best shirt.
Tom removed his shirt.
Tom sewed the button back on his shirt.
Tom didn't have to take off his shirt.
Tom didn't take off his shirt.
Tom gave me this shirt.
Tom ironed his white shirt.
Tom is on board the ship.
The wind has shifted.
Tom went down into the bomb shelter.
There are a lot of empty glass jars on the shelf.
Tom hit his head on the shelf.
Tom reached for one of the books on the top shelf.
Tom is in pretty bad shape.
Tom is in very good shape.
Tom is in really good shape.
Tom is in pretty good shape.
Tom is in great shape.
Tom bowed his head in shame.
Tom got home at seven.
You're not taking me seriously.
You should take this a little more seriously.
You should take your work a little more seriously.
Tom seems to be serious.
Tom is being serious.
Tom isn't serious.
Tom is quite serious.
Tom seems serious.
They look so serious.
Tom is very serious.
Tom was sensitive.
Am I making any sense?
Tom isn't making any sense.
What Tom said didn't make any sense.
Tom isn't selfish.
Tom is quite selfish.
Tom is really selfish.
Tom is very selfish.
Tom was selfish.
Tom tried to sneak out of the office without being seen.
Mary is one of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen.
Tom told Mary that she was the fattest woman he'd ever seen.
Tom isn't what he seems.
The question isn't as easy to answer as it first might seem.
Just you wait and see.
Do you see what I see?
Tom knows your secret.
Tom will be here any second.
Do you need a second?
I'll be just a second.
Just hold on a second.
Tom unbuckled his seatbelt.
Tom is in the back seat.
Tom usually prefers to ride in the back seat.
Tom put his wallet under the car seat.
Get in the front seat.
Tom looked under his seat.
Tom reached under his seat.
Tom was shown to his seat.
Tom went back to his seat.
Look under the seat.
We should call off the search.
You can call off the search.
Tom says he doesn't want to talk about school.
Tom left his umbrella at school.
Is Tom still in school?
Tom has problems at school.
Tom has been bullying other kids at school.
You should still be at school.
Get ready for school.
Tom has left for school.
Tom has never been late for school.
You're going to be late for school.
I can't pick Tom up from school.
Tom got that nickname in high school.
Tom did well in school.
Tom is doing well in school.
Tom is doing fine in school.
Tom never liked school.
Tom asked about my school.
Tom has been going to night school.
Tom quit school.
Tom wanted to get his son into that school.
Did you know there was another Tom Jackson at this school?
Tom never went to school.
Tom always walks to school.
Tom often walks to school.
When I was your age, I had to walk to school.
It was nice of you to drive Tom to school.
Do you need a ride to school?
Tom drove Mary to school.
Tom has already gone to school.
Tom doesn't like going to school.
Tom goes to school.
Where did Tom go to school?
You'd better get Tom ready to go to school.
Tom has a flexible schedule.
Tom has a tight schedule.
I think we need a change of scenery.
You just need a change of scenery.
Tom doesn't know why I'm scared.
This time I'm really scared.
There's a sign on the door. Go see what it says.
Tom believes whatever Mary says.
We couldn't hear what Tom was saying.
What did I just say?
What did the note say?
That's sweet of you to say.
Tom didn't know quite what to say.
Tom didn't really know what to say.
Tom doesn't quite know what to say.
Tom wasn't sure what to say.
Tom could tell that Mary didn't understand what he was trying to say.
What did you expect Tom to say?
What exactly do you want me to say?
I wouldn't advise doing that.
You don't know what I was going to say.
What else can you say?
What else can I say?
What else could I say?
What more can I say?
Do you know how to use this kind of chain saw?
Tom couldn't believe what he saw.
Are you sure Tom is the person you saw?
Tom never seems satisfied.
Tom is being sarcastic.
Tom is quite sarcastic.
Tom was sarcastic.
Tom couldn't finish his sandwich.
Make me a sandwich.
Tom said he didn't want a sandwich.
Tom would like a sandwich.
Tom feels the same.
Tom baked some brownies for the bake sale.
Indeed, the religion in the sight of Allah is Islam.
This sentence is a lie.
Every sentence present in Tatoeba is a lie.
Maria spent several years investigating the history of Iceland.
Do not pick your nose!
I would like to know more about the technology which was used in the construction of the Egyptian pyramids.
An interpreter needs to be able to communicate the ideas of the speaker to the listeners fast. The preciseness of the translation does not need to be perfect. There is not enough time to consider all details.
Maria is sitting at her desk and translating a novel. She's surrounded by heaps of big dictionaries. Maria needs all of them as she is translating with an almost fanatic precision.
People fear war. Unfortunately not all of them. Some promote it. Not only the high-ups.
Tom dies.
The eagle is white.
I like your mirror.
I have a basic knowledge of English.
My cell phone battery doesn't work anymore.
There's nothing you and I won't do.
It's very silent here.
We like going to the museum.
Mary has found what she was looking for.
There are many pictures of him on Facebook visiting places in Turkey.
I am your sun.
This suit was on sale.
Tom couldn't hear what was being said.
I didn't hear a word Tom said.
Guess what Tom said.
I didn't hear what Tom said.
Tom heard everything we said.
Forget what I said.
Remember what I said.
You should put that cash in the safe.
Tom seems to be sad.
It made me very sad.
Tom doesn't seem to be in a rush.
Tom doesn't know who started the rumor.
Tom didn't respect the rules.
Tom forgot the rules.
Tom is breaking the rules.
We have only three rules.
Tom borrowed my ruler.
Please forgive me. I didn't mean to be rude.
That was very rude.
Tom bought me roses.
Tom showed me the ropes.
Tom held onto the rope.
Tom grabbed his knife and cut the rope.
Tom used his pocketknife to cut the rope.
Tom is in the back room.
Tom and Mary are in the front room.
Tom told Mary to clean her room.
Tom came out of his room.
Tom showed me his room.
Tom hardly ever leaves his room.
Tom was still sleeping the last time I looked into his room.
Tom went back into his room.
Tom couldn't get in his room.
Tom is still in his room.
Tom is upstairs in his room.
Tom just finished cleaning his room.
Tom was cleaning his room.
Tom had to clean his room.
Tom looked around his room.
Tom and Mary are in the living room.
Tom came back into the living room.
Tom is in the living room.
Tom heard a noise in the next room.
Tom went into the next room.
Tom is in the other room.
Tom went out of the room.
Tom grabbed his knapsack and left the room.
Tom slammed the door as he left the room.
Tom didn't want Mary to leave the room.
Tom came back into the room.
Tom has just walked into the room.
Tom kicked the door open and went into the room.
Tom sneaked back into the room.
Tom sneaked into the room.
Tom tiptoed into the room.
Tom came back inside the room.
Tom peeked inside the room.
There were three men in the room.
Tom didn't recognize anyone in the room.
Tom cleaned the room.
The light is on in Tom's room.
What was Tom doing in your room?
Tom rented a room.
Get off of my roof.
Am I still on the right road?
Maybe we shouldn't have taken this road.
Tom lives alone in a small house near the river.
Tom has pitched his tent not too far from the river.
Tom lives across the river.
Tom swam across the river.
Have you ever tried to swim across this river?
Tom doesn't like taking risks.
Is it worth the risk?
Tom could hear the phone ringing.
Let me see your ring.
Tom asked me if I was all right.
The doctor says that Tom is going to be all right.
Tom is going to be all right.
Tom was almost right.
Tom may not be right.
You know what, Tom, you may be right.
Tom believes he's right.
It's still not right.
Am I the only one who thinks this is not right?
Tom walked down the street without looking either left or right.
Tom doesn't think that's right.
You have to do what you think's right.
Did I hear you right?
You know what, Tom, you're right.
Tom is going to be OK, right?
You already know that, right?
You know we don't need to go there today, right?
Put down the rifle.
Tom appears to be rich.
Tom doesn't want to be rich.
Tom pretended to be rich.
Tom seems to be rich.
Tom used to be rich.
Tom wanted to be rich.
Tom wants to be rich.
Tom was born rich.
Tom is extremely rich.
Tom is quite rich.
It made me very rich.
Tom is very rich.
Tom never was rich.
Tom looked like he was rich.
What does Tom want in return?
What does Tom expect in return?
Tom has achieved remarkable results.
Tom wasn't satisfied with the results.
Tom didn't expect that result.
Tom is in the restroom.
Did you get any rest?
Tom will handle the rest.
Tom needed to rest.
Tom is going home to rest.
Tom used to be responsible.
Tom isn't very responsible.
Who was responsible?
Were you responsible?
There's no response.
Tom still hasn't responded.
Tom was respectful.
Tom is very well respected.
Tom seems to be resourceful.
Tom is extremely resourceful.
Tom is quite resourceful.
Tom seems resourceful.
Tom isn't very resourceful.
Tom submitted his resignation.
Tom has handed in his resignation.
Tom has decided to resign.
Tom has no choice but to resign.
Tom came to the rescue.
Your approval is not required.
Tom couldn't get what you requested.
Tom couldn't refuse Mary's request.
Tom turned down my request.
Tom has a good reputation.
Am I being replaced?
Tom hasn't paid his part of the rent.
Tom wanted to get his tattoo removed.
Why would I remember?
You're a lot more beautiful than I remember.
Tom used to be reliable.
Tom is quite reliable.
Tom seems reliable.
Tom isn't very reliable.
Tom seems to be relaxed.
Tom seems quite relaxed.
You should try to relax.
Tom doesn't have time to relax.
It's possible Tom and Mary are related.
I have to rehearse.
Why do you think Tom never wears red?
Tom has no chance of recovering.
Have you seen Tom and his friends around here recently?
Tom did some work for me recently.
Tom has become a lot taller recently.
You don't need to know all the reasons.
Tom didn't understand Mary's reasoning.
It's not reasonable.
Is any of this real?
Tom always takes a long time to get ready.
You need to start getting ready.
You should be getting ready.
Your room is ready.
You said you were ready.
Tom doesn't like having to admit that he can't read.
Tom wants a book to read.
Tom isn't able to read.
A decision has been reached.
Tom was halfway out the door when the phone rang.
Tom says he'll play golf even if it rains.
Tom won't come if it rains.
Tom went out in the rain.
Tom turned down the radio.
Is that a gun rack?
Tom took part in the race.
Shut the door quietly.
Tom walked quietly.
What we need now is a little peace and quiet.
Why do we have to be quiet?
Just please be quiet.
Tom is very quiet.
Tom turned around quickly.
Shut the door quickly.
Tom dressed himself quickly.
Tom gets tired quickly.
Tom wants to know how he can lose weight quickly.
Tom is really quick.
Tom wanted to ask Mary some questions.
I'm the one asking the questions.
It would only take a few minutes for you to fill out this questionnaire.
Marriage is out of the question.
Tom has been confined to his quarters.
You'd better get Tom to his quarters.
Tom is a pushover.
Tom did that on purpose.
Am I being punished?
Tom used to be punctual.
Tom told me that he wasn't used to speaking in public.
The doctor thinks Tom's problem is psychological.
Tom hasn't yet accepted our proposal.
Tom didn't agree to the proposal.
Tom owns a large piece of property.
There's still no proof.
Tom never breaks promises.
Tom makes lots of promises.
Tom made no such promise.
You seem to be making progress.
Keep a low profile.
Tom is quite professional.
Tom isn't a professional.
Tom was productive.
I think you've got problems.
Tom has a serious problem.
Tom would like to speak to you in private.
Tom didn't have any privacy.
Tom needs his privacy.
Tom just wanted some privacy.
They don't take prisoners.
When did Tom break out of prison?
Tom was sent to prison.
You have the right to have a lawyer present.
Tom gave Mary a nice present.
Tom gave Mary a present.
Tom sent me a present.
Tom seems to be prepared.
Tom was never prepared.
Tom seems prepared.
It looks like Tom is a little preoccupied.
Tom looks preoccupied.
Tom is quite prejudiced.
Tom bowed his head and prayed.
Tom seems to be out of practice.
Tom is very practical.
Tom is rich and powerful.
Tom has gained a few pounds.
Tom sent Mary a postcard.
Tom ate as little as possible.
Tom ran as fast as possible.
That may not be possible.
Tom avoids Mary whenever possible.
Tom is quite possessive.
Tom is very possessive.
What would Tom do in my position?
Tom is likely to be chosen for the position.
Get off my porch.
Tom is waiting on the porch.
Tom was popular.
Tom seems to be poor.
Tom used to be poor.
Tom is quite poor.
Tom is very poor.
Tom never was poor.
Tom said he was poor.
Tom is swimming in the neighbor's pool.
Tom dove into the swimming pool.
Tom has gone to the swimming pool.
Tom almost drowned in his neighbor's swimming pool.
Tom has a heated swimming pool.
Tom threw a rock into the pond.
Tom is extremely polite.
Tom wasn't very polite.
Tom wondered whether honesty really was the best policy.
Tom advised Mary to go to the police.
You should report this to the police.
Just call the police.
Tom is good at poker.
Tom didn't want to play poker.
Tom gave Mary all the money that he had in his pocket.
Tom comes and goes as he pleases.
Tom won't be pleased.
Tom will really be pleased.
Tom was not pleased.
Tom is very hard to please.
Tom was hard to please.
Get in the car, please.
I'd like to see Tom, please.
Tom didn't know any of the songs on our playlist.
Tom is a pretty good basketball player.
Tom isn't a very good chess player.
Tom isn't a team player.
Tom isn't much of a tennis player.
Tom finished everything on his plate.
Tom came back from Boston a week earlier than he'd planned.
This is a good plan.
It was a great plan.
Tom already has a plan.
Tom has been to many places.
This is a great place.
What would Tom have done in my place?
Am I in the right place?
You've come to the right place.
Tom didn't like the place.
Who built this place?
I'm going to take Tom's place.
Tom will drive you to your place.
Do you want me to take your place?
This is quite a place.
Tom handed Mary a bottle of pills.
Tom had trouble swallowing the pills.
Tom covered his head with his pillow.
This one was on top of the pile.
Tom cut the pie into eight pieces.
Tom divided the cake into eight pieces.
Tom didn't take very many pictures.
Tom can't play the piano.
Tom accompanied me on the piano.
Do you think that man was a newspaper photographer?
Tom isn't very photogenic.
Tom handed Mary his cell phone.
Tom is now on the phone.
Tom handed me the phone.
Tom is very petty.
Tom is the teacher's pet.
Tom is very pessimistic.
Tom is extremely persuasive.
Tom was persuasive.
Tom invited me personally.
Tom has a dual personality.
Tom has a nice personality.
Tom has a strong personality.
Tom is not a bad person.
Tom is a cruel person.
Tom isn't a good person.
Tom is an honest person.
Tom went there in person.
Tom is a very intelligent person.
Tom is a kind person.
Tom is a nice person.
Tom is a very nice person.
Tom is a quiet person.
Tom's not a real person.
Tom is a reliable person.
Tom is a selfish person.
Tom is a very selfish person.
Tom is a serious person.
Tom is a strange person.
Tom is a very thoughtful person.
Tom's plan is perfect.
This place is perfect.
You've been luckier than most people.
Tom loves talking to people.
You always underestimate people.
Tom didn't have a pencil.
Could I borrow a pen?
Tom is still on the payroll.
Tom demanded that we give him back his down payment.
Is it my turn to pay?
Don't you think that's a little too much to pay?
Tom has been waiting patiently.
Tom has learned to be patient.
Tom is usually quite patient.
Tom was very patient.
Tom isn't very patient.
Tom is very patient.
Go get your passport.
Tom was passionate.
Tom stepped aside, letting Mary pass.
Are you going to Tom's bachelor party?
Tom baked a cake for Mary's birthday party.
Tom invited me to his birthday party.
Tom invited us to a costume party.
Tom is at a dinner party.
Tom invited me to the party.
Tom is invited to the party.
Tom was asked to the party.
Tom was invited to the party.
Tom wished he'd been invited to the party.
What's Tom going to wear to the party?
You don't have to come to the party.
You need to change clothes before we go to the party.
Tom has postponed the party.
Tom dressed up for the party.
You should be getting ready for the party.
You have to change before the party.
Tom wasn't the drunkest person at the party.
Tom loves to party.
Aren't you going to Tom's party?
Were there any kids at your party?
Tom invited me to a party.
Tom invites me to all his parties.
This is the easy part.
This is the hard part.
Tom didn't even want to go to the park.
Tom is somewhere in the park.
I don't know where to park.
Tom and Mary were bad parents.
Tom handed in his paper.
Tom handed Mary a sheet of paper.
It's just a piece of paper.
Tom has ants in his pants.
He's a labourer on a riverboat.
The US is preparing new sanctions against Russia.
He dedicated his book to his wife.
The old dog can bark, but cannot bite anymore.
This contradicts all norms and rules.
That is all we can do, so far.
Are you truly blind?
No one can escape.
We have to assume the worst.
Make sure every hostile has been neutralized.
Let's hope for the latter.
We're going to blow this place up.
I'm your only ticket out of here.
I know how some of you might feel about that.
They won't detect anything out of the ordinary.
I suspect something is up.
Do not go near them.
A part of our own military has become involved with the enemy.
Americans are worried that illegal migrants are threatening the nation's culture and economy.
Happiness is a shower.
Immediate measures are needed.
She was licking the spoon.
Do you suffer from constipation?
What an amazing palace we saw yesterday!
Go home!
We have never gone there.
We will never know if he is trustworthy.
It's better to be a well-known boozer than an anonymous alcoholic.
Where there's smoke there's fire.
We must accept the reality.
This is the reality and we must accept it.
She did not adapt to the reality yet.
He hasn't adapted yet to the new reality.
Mary hasn't adapted yet to the new reality.
Tom and Mary haven't adapted yet to the new reality.
Tom hasn't got used to the reality yet.
We should get used to the reality.
There is nothing like reality to combat illusions.
One must match the expectations to reality.
The reality keeps changing.
No one committed a bigger mistake than the one who did nothing as he could only do a little.
That day was an important milestone in our project.
I don't understand this word. Could you paraphrase it?
I decided to go out and explore the town.
Tom's backyard is full of junk he's picked up at garage sales.
Mary suggested that Tom get rid of all the junk in his backyard.
Are you a model or an actor?
I know you're not like that.
I know you're not like that!
"Are you a model or an actor?" "No, I'm just a student."
Tom looks kind of pale.
Do you feel any pain?
Tom is obviously in pain.
How bad is the pain?
Is there anything you can give me for the pain?
Tom flipped through the pages.
The place is packed.
The auditorium is packed.
I'm the owner.
Tom lost everything he owned.
Tom did that entirely on his own.
Tom did that on his own.
Tom did this on his own.
Tom is doing fine on his own.
Tom is now on his own.
Tom tried to figure it out on his own.
Do you rent or own?
Tom isn't overweight.
Am I really that overweight?
Tom was overweight.
Were you overweight?
Tom seems overemotional.
My marriage is over.
It's not over.
Tom said it's not over.
The game is not over.
Could you pull over?
Tom came close to being run over.
I invited Tom over.
What did I trip over?
Tom was outstanding.
Tom is very outspoken.
Tom was outspoken.
Wait for me outside.
Tom's car is parked outside.
Please step outside.
Tom isn't outgoing.
Am I leaving anything out?
It's dark out.
Tom let the dog out.
How did you find out?
When did Tom find out?
Guess what I just found out.
Tom didn't have a chance to get out.
Try to figure it out.
Come on, Tom, cut it out.
Tom is going to check it out.
We'll check it out.
Tom doesn't like to feel left out.
Is it still light out?
Did you ask Mary out?
Would you help me out?
Why did you move out?
Tom got his notebook out.
Tom almost passed out.
Tom heard his dog barking, so he got out of bed to check things out.
Tom never went out.
The light went out.
Let me help you out.
How long was I out?
This place is ours.
Tom isn't like the others.
Go join the others.
We don't know for sure that Tom and Mary even know each other.
You and I are very different from each other.
Tom seems to be organized.
Tom used to be organized.
Tom isn't very organized.
Tom is very organized.
Were you organized?
What should I order?
Tom doesn't like either of his options.
There are no options.
You're running out of options.
This is a great opportunity.
Tom has a right to his own opinion.
Tom doesn't know anything about opera.
The door is already open.
The curtains are open.
Why is this door open?
Tom tried to push the door open.
The cage is open.
Tom tried to open the door, but couldn't get it open.
The window was open.
Tom didn't notice that the front door was open.
Does that window open?
You told me that you were planning on buying a new one.
You said that you were planning on buying a new one.
Tom has visited Boston once.
Tom tried to kiss me once.
Tom has only used this once.
The power is back on.
Tom tried the coat on.
Do you want to know what's going on?
Tom has no idea what's going on.
Tom came out of his office to see what was going on.
The light in Tom's room is on.
Tom's porch light is on.
Tom doesn't have anyone to lean on.
Tom knows a lot more than he lets on.
Keep your shirt on.
Could you try this on?
Would you try this on?
Which shelf do you want me to put this on?
What flight is Tom on?
What kind of ranch did you grow up on?
Remind me to never do that again.
What floor am I on?
Tom isn't very old.
Marilyn Monroe died when she was years old.
Tom died when he was three years old.
Tom's daughter is three years old.
Tom died when he was thirty years old.
Am I going to be OK?
Are you sure you're going to be OK?
Tom is going be OK.
Are you sure Tom is OK?
It all worked out OK.
I don't come back here very often.
Was I speeding, officer?
Tom returned to his office.
Tom came out of his office.
Tom went back into his office.
Tom would like you to stop by his office.
Tom is at his office.
Meet me at my office.
Go back to the office.
Please take this back to the office.
Tom told me he had to go back to the office.
You need to get back to the office.
Tom sneaked out of the office.
Tom snuck out of the office.
Tom has already left the office.
Tom came back into the office.
Tom has already left for the office.
Tom is at the office.
Are you sure this is Tom's office?
Tom is still in your office.
Tom is waiting in your office.
Tom turned down the job offer.
Tom turned down my offer.
Thank you for the offer.
It was nice of you to offer.
Tom took the day off.
I need an hour off.
Tom shaved his mustache off.
Tom asked everyone to take their shoes off.
Turn that thing off.
Tom watched Mary walk off.
Tom took three weeks off.
Tom isn't very well off.
Tom didn't commit the crime he's been accused of.
Where do you want me to put this suitcase?
What are we afraid of?
Who was Tom afraid of?
Tom didn't commit the crime they've accused him of.
They said they hadn't done what we accused them of.
Tom will be thirty next October.
Tom remains obstinate.
Tom was obstinate.
Tom isn't very observant.
Tom is very obnoxious.
Tom was obnoxious.
Tom seems to be objective.
Tom seems objective.
Tom had no objection.
Tom isn't obedient.
Are you a real nurse?
Tom knows Mary's phone number.
Tom rarely goes out nowadays.
We don't know where they are now.
Tom is writing a book now.
Tom might not be in Boston now.
Tom is very busy now.
Tom should be there by now.
Tom must've finished it by now.
Tom should be done by now.
Tom should be back by now.
We have a choice now.
Tom has a cold now.
Tom is confused now.
So what do I do now?
The big question is what do we do now.
The question is what do we do now.
Do you know what Tom is going to do now?
Tom knows what to do now.
Tom is a doctor now.
Tom used to do that better than he does now.
What do you think Tom is doing now?
I don't know what I should be doing now.
Am I supposed to be doing something else now?
It's fine now.
Tom is filling out the forms now.
Most of you will be dead thirty years from now.
Tom must be happier now.
We need your help now.
Why are you here now?
We don't even know why Tom isn't here now.
I'll try and contact him now.
Why are you home now?
Tom may not be at home now.
Tom is in the hospital now.
We don't know where Tom is now.
Tom is working on it now.
We don't seem to need it now.
Tom doesn't have it now.
It wouldn't do any good to complain about it now.
Why complain about it now?
You don't need to leave now.
Tom is writing a letter now.
Do you think you can trust me now?
Get away from me now.
Tom may leave any minute now.
It's all OK now.
Are you in pain now?
Tom is resting now.
I'll make a deal with you right now.
Tom is busy and can't meet with you right now.
Tom, I need you right now.
Tom is at work right now.
Where's Tom right now?
You should call Tom right now.
You can do that right now.
You might not want to do that right now.
Tom is at school right now.
Answer me right now.
Tom is in the kitchen right now.
Tom is at home right now.
Tom doesn't look so good right now.
We don't have to go right now.
Tom is at church right now.
Tom isn't busy right now.
You don't have to buy anything right now.
Tom is studying now.
Tom is swimming now.
Tom is trying to do that now.
You don't have to do that now.
Do you have to decide that now?
We need to put a stop to this now.
We don't have to do this now.
We have to do this now.
Tom has been married for some time now.
Tom has been weak for some time now.
Do you trust Tom now?
Tom is in trouble now.
Do you understand now?
Tom can't give up now.
Tom may be waiting for us now.
We need to get out of their way now.
Tom is at work now.
Am I supposed to trust you now?
Tom is waiting for you now.
How old are you now?
Tom likes to read detective novels.
Tom tore a page out of his notebook.
Tom didn't even bother leaving a note.
Tom left me a note.
Tom says he left a note.
Tom slipped Mary a note.
Tom didn't care if he won or not.
Do you want to go swimming or not?
Tom can't tell if Mary is serious or not.
Do you want to eat now or not?
Tom doesn't know whether to believe Mary or not.
If I'm willing to take the risk, I don't see why you should care whether I do it or not.
The question is whether Tom can do it or not.
The question is whether Tom knew about it or not.
The question is whether Tom will do it or not.
Do you want to play golf or not?
Do you want to go or not?
Do you want to go to Boston or not?
You've got some paint on your nose.
Tom seems to be normal.
Everything is back to normal.
Tom didn't come before noon.
Tom is a nonsmoker.
Was I making too much noise?
Tom heard the noise.
Their answer is no.
Is that a yes or no?
Tom is going to say no.
Tom is likely to say no.
Tom isn't going to say no.
Tom was too polite to say no.
Tom will probably say no.
My answer is still no.
Is that a yes or a no?
Tom works all night.
Tom looked like he'd been up all night.
Tom didn't say a word to me all night.
Tom works at night.
It was a cold night.
Tom calls Mary every night.
Tom sings and plays guitar at a local bar every Friday night.
Tom was working last night.
Tom went for a swim last night.
Were you in Tom's room last night?
They left last night.
Maybe I shouldn't have stayed up so late last night.
Tom called me late last night.
Tom called me very late last night.
Tom came home late last night.
Tom didn't make it home last night.
Tom was here last night.
Tom was really drunk last night.
Tom was crying last night.
Tom told me he didn't sleep at all last night.
Can you tell us where you were that night?
It has to be tomorrow night.
Perhaps we should call it a night.
Tom is trying to be nice.
Tom seems to be nice.
Tom used to be nice.
That was really nice.
Tom seemed very nice.
Tom never was nice.
Tom is reading a newspaper.
Tom got some bad news.
Isn't that good news?
Tom is a newcomer.
Tom tapped his foot nervously.
Tom doesn't seem to be nervous.
Tom seems to be nervous.
Tom's driving made Mary nervous.
Tom is very nervous.
Tom was nervous.
I'm Tom's nephew.
Tom has a couple of weird neighbors.
We've taken very good care of Tom.
Tom borrowed a hammer from his neighbor.
Tom has more money than he needs.
It was exactly what I needed.
It was what I needed.
Tom knew just what I needed.
Tom lent me enough money to buy what I needed.
You're just the person we need.
We still don't have everything we need.
The question is how we can raise as much money as we need.
You've got everything you need.
How long do you need?
What kind of proof do you need?
What kind of surgery do you need?
Go ahead and take as many as you need.
You can have as much time as you need.
What else do I need?
What more do I need?
Tom probably won't even notice Mary's new necklace.
It's not really necessary.
Tom used to be neat.
It was really neat.
Tom isn't very neat.
Tom never was neat.
Tom isn't naughty.
Tom has been very naughty.
Tom was naughty.
Tom is good-natured.
Tom is very good-natured.
Tom said he wanted to take an afternoon nap.
You might want to take an afternoon nap.
Tom didn't name names.
Tom wrote down our names.
I don't want to know all your old boyfriends' names.
What a beautiful name!
Tom is a common name.
Tom heard somebody yell his name.
Tom seems to have forgotten my name.
Not even my friends know my real name.
Tom didn't give the police officer his real name.
You're being naive.
Tom is a bit naive.
Tom is extremely naive.
Am I going to have to do this by myself?
I can handle myself.
I'll do this myself.
Tom has a handlebar mustache.
Tom has a mustache.
Tom auditioned for the musical.
Tom tried out for the musical.
Tom hardly ever listens to music.
Tom contributed a lot of money to the museum.
Tom was tried for murder.
Tom was framed for murder.
Tom witnessed the murder.
The floor is muddy.
This place looks just the same as it used to.
You're not helping much.
Tom didn't like Mary much.
Tom doesn't get outdoors much.
Are you really willing to pay that much?
Do you really care that much?
Tom doesn't mind all that much.
Tom will never amount to much.
Tom said I smoked too much.
Did I say too much?
Tom parties too much.
Don't buy ground cinnamon, grind it yourself before using.
Does it have too much salt?
Is this what happens when you get old?
Beautiful, don't you think?
A problem shared is a problem halved.
Tom got a flat tyre on an isolated country road and had no idea how to change it.
Tom's position on this matter is well known.
If I were you I'd give him a hand.
Tom is a little slow on the uptake.
He's a little slow on the uptake.
She's a little slow on the uptake.
Mary thinks that everyone always notices everything she does.
Can I wear your clothes?
Do you like egg rolls?
My grandmother texts faster than you.
I'm really mad at Tom right now.
I'm really mad at Mary.
You can stay in the extra bedroom if you want.
We dated on and off through college.
Mary's eyes filled with tears as she read the note from Tom telling her that he'd left her.
The wife murderer claimed that the scratch marks on his face were the result of his cutting himself while shaving.
Tom decided to put the whole torrid affair down to experience.
Don't let mistakes demoralise you. Put them down to experience and learn from them.
Tom's always telling Mary that he loves her.
After Tom had entered four wrong PIN numbers, the ATM swallowed his card.
Every time I make a mistake, I learn something. The challenge is not to keep making the same mistakes over and over.
Tom knew Mary was falling for him when she laughed at his terrible jokes.
Tom wrote Mary a soppy love letter and she kept reading it over and over.
Tom doesn't like you very much.
Tom doesn't seem to like you very much.
Tom seems to not like you very much.
You might not like this movie very much.
You're not helping very much.
Tom doesn't like baseball very much.
Have you ever thought about moving?
Tom doesn't like scary movies.
What's Tom's favorite movie?
Tom told me that he saw that movie.
I didn't like the ending of that movie.
Tom enjoyed the movie.
You might enjoy this movie.
Tom invited me over to watch a movie.
Tom made the first move.
Tom is always on the move.
Tom was unable to move.
Tom tried to move.
Tom was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
Tom kissed me on the mouth.
Tom's father made him sell his motorcycle.
Tom was quite motivated.
Tom seems motivated.
Tom is very motivated.
Tom seems to be very motivated.
Tom was motivated.
Tom still lives with his mother.
You're starting to sound like my mother.
What does Tom need most?
What impressed Tom the most?
Tom has been waiting for you all morning.
Tom has been in this room all morning.
Tom hasn't been here all morning.
Tom cried all morning.
I'll be there the first thing in the morning.
Tom is usually up at three or four in the morning.
Tom will be back in the morning.
Tom works in the morning.
Tom met Mary this morning.
Tom cut himself with a knife this morning.
Tom arrived just this morning.
Tom Jackson didn't report for duty this morning.
Tom washed the car this morning.
We have to get up early tomorrow morning.
Tom came to my house yesterday morning.
Tom will be back for more.
Please show me more.
Tom wants some more.
Tom is quite moody.
Tom seems moody.
Tom is very moody.
Tom is still in a bad mood.
Tom isn't in a joking mood.
Tom has only been with us three months.
Tom has only been out of prison three months.
Tom hasn't worked in three months.
Tom has only been with our company for three months.
Tom was in Boston last month.
We need to pay our rent by the end of the month.
Tom often argues with his wife about money.
Tom is careless about money.
We still don't have enough money.
Nobody's asking you for money.
Did you ask Tom for money?
Tom gave Mary all of his money.
Tom gave away all his money.
Tom wants more money.
Tom spends too much money.
You're spending too much money.
You don't need to know where I keep my money.
Tom took all my money.
Why do you need money?
We still need money.
I've got no money.
Tom earned a lot of money.
Tom makes a lot of money.
Tom lent me some money.
Tom ran away with the money.
Tom admitted that he stole the money.
Tom needs the money.
Do I owe you money?
Tom says he'll do his best to finish the job before next Monday.
Tom intends to visit Mary on Monday.
You don't need to be here on Monday.
Tom will be here any moment.
Tom backed out at the last moment.
I'll be back in a moment.
You haven't made any mistakes.
You're going to make mistakes.
You've made several mistakes.
Tom has to make sure he doesn't make any more stupid mistakes.
Tom hit me by mistake.
You've made a horrible mistake.
Tom made a huge mistake.
Tom overlooked my mistake.
Tom pointed out my mistake.
Do you think Tom is making a mistake?
It could be a mistake.
It's obviously a mistake.
Tom acknowledged having made a mistake.
Can Tom complete his mission?
Tom seems to be miserable.
Tom was miserable.
Tom glanced in his rearview mirror.
Tom is looking in the mirror.
Tom will be ready in a few minutes.
Tom will be back in a few minutes.
It would only take a few minutes.
Meet me at my office in fifteen minutes.
Tom has only been gone fifteen minutes.
This should only take a few more minutes.
Tom needs to see you in ten minutes.
Tom's father made him practice the piano every day for at least thirty minutes.
Tom can be there in thirty minutes.
Tom will be there in thirty minutes.
Tom came back in about thirty minutes.
Tom will be back any minute.
May I please be excused for a minute?
We should rest for a minute.
This is a gold mine.
This money is mine.
Nothing here is mine.
This gold is mine.
This fight is mine.
The decision is mine.
Tom is an old friend of mine.
Tom is a classmate of mine.
That's very similar to mine.
The mistake was mine.
The children were sitting on the floor in front of Tom.
Tom is absent-minded.
Tom is broad-minded.
Tom was absent-minded.
Tom has made up his mind.
Tom has other things on his mind.
Tom often changes his mind.
Tom might change his mind.
You need to get Tom to change his mind.
What exactly did Tom have in mind?
What exactly does Tom have in mind?
Do you have any idea what Tom had in mind?
Did you think I'd change my mind?
Tom isn't going to mind.
You're going to make millions.
I'm not a millionaire.
I'm not yet a millionaire.
You're not a millionaire.
Tom gave his cat some milk.
You can still get here by midnight.
Tom is quite methodical.
Tom is very methodical.
Tom was methodical.
Tom is one of the nicest guys I've ever met.
Tom is one of the richest guys I've ever met.
Tom is one of the tallest guys I've ever met.
The house is a mess.
The room is a mess.
This place is a mess.
You hair is a mess.
Where are the rest of the men?
Tom has an amazing memory.
Tom has a remarkable memory.
Tom looked like a motorcycle gang member.
Tom is not a member.
Tom isn't a member.
You need to be at this afternoon's meeting.
Tom didn't need to go to the meeting.
You don't have to come to the meeting.
Tom may not make it in time for the meeting.
Tom will likely be late for the meeting.
You should cancel the meeting.
You shouldn't cancel the meeting.
Tom told us all why he couldn't attend the meeting.
Are you sure you have to be at the meeting?
Can you explain why Tom wasn't at the meeting?
You don't need to be at the meeting.
Tom hasn't been taking his medication.
What can I do in the meantime?
What should I do in the meantime?
The question is what does it mean.
What could it mean?
That was really mean.
Why do you always have to be so mean?
What could that mean?
I'm sure Tom understands what I mean.
Tom cooked us a delicious meal.
What else did Tom say about me?
You don't know very much about me.
What does Tom know about me?
Have you ever dreamed about me?
Do you dream about me?
Have you ever had a dream about me?
Who cares about me?
Did Tom ask about me?
Tom lives above me.
You still haven't answered me.
You're not as tall as me.
Tom is the same age as me.
Why is Tom staring at me?
Tom always smiles at me.
Tom threw a rock at me.
Do you think Tom is still mad at me?
Tom is pretty mad at me.
Tom was looking at me.
Why is Tom looking at me?
You're not even looking at me.
Tom is making faces at me.
Why is Tom avoiding me?
Tom will never beat me.
Do you think that you can beat me?
Tom stood behind me.
Does Tom believe me?
You're not going to believe me.
Nobody believed me.
That's not what's bothering me.
Tom said he'd call me.
You don't have to convince me.
Tom seems to go out of his way to criticize me.
You shouldn't have doubted me.
Would you follow me?
You shouldn't have followed me.
Why is Tom following me?
Somebody's following me.
Tom was working for me.
Tom used to work for me.
Tom was waiting for me.
Tom will be waiting for me.
Would you wait for me?
Tom stuck up for me.
I need you to do this for me.
I wish somebody else would do this for me.
Tom made this for me.
You don't have to do this for me.
Tom poured some tea for me.
Tom was nice enough to carry my suitcase for me.
Tom is taking over for me.
Tom has done so much for me.
Tom did some odd jobs for me.
My father got it for me.
Tom made it for me.
Tom interpreted for me.
The last three weeks have been really hard for me.
This is hard for me.
You're moving too fast for me.
Do you think that was easy for me?
It's not easy for me.
This is easy for me.
I'll never forget what you've done for me.
It was difficult for me.
This is very difficult for me.
Is that book for me?
What does Tom want from me?
Tom stole some money from me.
What's Tom hiding from me?
Get it away from me.
Get that away from me.
Get Tom away from me.
You'll get no argument from me.
This is much better than what Tom gave me.
Hey, can anybody hear me?
How can you help me?
Don't try to help me.
You said you were going to help me.
Hey, can anybody help me?
You said you were going to hire me.
Tom tried to hit me.
Why would you hurt me?
Tom isn't going to hurt me.
Why would Tom want to impress me?
Tom seems interested in me.
They tried to kill me.
Tom is trying to kill me.
You don't have to kiss me.
Shut up and kiss me.
I can explain it to you if you let me.
Tom doesn't really like me.
I don't know why you don't like me.
I don't want to know why you don't like me.
Just say you love me.
Tom doesn't love me.
You should've married me.
You shouldn't have married me.
Would you marry me?
Tom lives near me.
Call if you need me.
What does Tom really think of me?
You're going to be proud of me.
You're going to be very proud of me.
Tom made fun of me.
Tom is taking care of me.
Tom isn't afraid of me.
Tom took advantage of me.
Get your hand off me.
Take your hand off me.
Tom was picking on me.
Tom didn't lay a hand on me.
Tom pushed past me.
You can protect me.
Do you recognize me?
Tom didn't appear to recognize me.
Tom doesn't seem to remember me.
You're just trying to scare me.
Tom just came to see me.
Tom seldom comes to see me.
You said you wanted to see me.
Just try to stop me.
Tom tried to stop me.
Just try and stop me.
Tom is three years younger than me.
Tom is way younger than me.
Tom is younger than me.
Tom is much taller than me.
Tom is quite a bit taller than me.
Tom is way taller than me.
Tom isn't taller than me.
Tom is stronger than me.
Tom isn't any stronger than me.
Tom is smarter than me.
You're a better skier than me.
Tom isn't richer than me.
You're a better tennis player than me.
Tom is a bit older than me.
Tom is a year older than me.
Tom is much older than me.
Tom is not much older than me.
Tom is quite a bit older than me.
Tom is better looking than me.
Tom is better at French than me.
Tom can run faster than me.
Do you think that you're better than me?
Tom is better than me.
Tom doesn't look that upset to me.
Tom was never unkind to me.
Please don't do this to me.
You don't need to know who gave this to me.
You were the one who gave this to me.
Tom has never done that to me.
Why would you want to talk to me?
Tom introduced his sister to me.
Tom has been very rude to me.
Tom showed his room to me.
Leave the rest to me.
Tom isn't related to me.
Tom thinks he's related to me.
It looks real to me.
You don't need to point that out to me.
You don't seem so old to me.
Tom handed a note to me.
Tom has always been nice to me.
Tom has been nice to me.
Tom isn't being nice to me.
Why is Tom being so nice to me?
Tom lives next to me.
Well, Tom, you know how much your approval means to me.
It would matter to me.
It wouldn't matter to me.
It meant a lot to me.
Tom listened to me.
I think I can get Tom to listen to me.
Tom doesn't ever listen to me.
Will you listen to me?
Tom has always been kind to me.
Tom has been kind to me.
Tom is kind to me.
Tom was kind to me.
Tom was very kind to me.
Just explain it to me.
Tom showed it to me.
Tom sold it to me.
Your approval is important to me.
Tom is a good husband to me.
Tom left without saying goodbye to me.
Tom has been very good to me.
Tom never was very friendly to me.
Tom looks just fine to me.
Tom has been like a father to me.
Tom gave this book to me.
They said they'd get back to me.
None of that means anything to me.
Tom didn't say anything to me.
Tom hasn't said anything to me.
You don't need to know who told me.
Tom doesn't seem to understand me.
Try to understand me.
Take a walk with me.
You're probably upset with me.
The question is can you keep up with me.
Leave Tom with me.
Tom went to school with me.
Do you think you could fall in love with me?
Just leave it with me.
Tom shook hands with me.
Tom didn't have to go with me.
Tom refused to go with me.
Tom picked a fight with me.
Have dinner with me.
Tom is coming with me.
I think what you're saying is true.
I'm a doctor, Jim. Not a lawyer.
The magpie and the galah sat on the same tree branch. That made me happy. They are my favourite birds.
He hated school.
This film was as interesting as expected.
What do you like most about Esperanto?
No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man.
What you say is impossible.
Racism has its roots in the distrust and scorn for people who differ in their appearance and their culture.
I don't think that's correct in any case.
Mom’s goal was to graduate college but dad’s goal was mom.
Have you fed the dog this morning?
A sewage treatment plant discharged toxic chemicals into the town's water supply.
Mary unscrewed the top of her drink bottle and took a sip.
My child! Who has my child? Who took my child?
And so God took mercy on her, and gave her a girl.
Paquette was so happy and so pretty that everywhere she was called only "la Chantefleurie."
At that time, the title of lady was only used for noblewomen.
All the girls looked up.
The girl looked at him once more, and then she blushed as if a flame had gone up her cheeks.
The invention of printing is the greatest event in history.
As he was growing up, he had found nothing but hate around him.
Paris was born, as we know, in the old island of la Cité which has the shape of a cradle.
Great buildings, like great mountains, are the work of centuries.
Time is blind, man is stupid.
When he got back up on his feet, the girl and the goat had disappeared.
The coming winter will be harsh.
I will only be able to love a man who can protect me.
Do you know what friendship is?
I work here now.
Tom already had the CD that Mary gave him for his birthday, but he didn't say so.
You were once a child, dear reader, and perhaps you're lucky enough to still be one.
"Do you understand?" "I don't understand at all."
Management hid the true financial state of the company from the workers.
There is sorcery behind this, said a sinister voice coming from the crowd.
She's a bohemian.
Night comes early in January.
He became deaf ringing the bells.
Americans wanted to impose the idea that a book or a movie should be considered the same as any commercial object. For they understood that besides the army, diplomacy and trade there is also a cultural war. It's a battle they intend to win both for noble reasons -- the United States has always felt that its values ​​are universal -- and less noble ones: the education of minds is the best way to sell American products. Consider that cinema represents their most important export, ahead of weapons, aerospace or computers! Hence their desire to impose English as a global language. Even if we can observe for the last two decades a decline in their influence.
Tom had the time of his life at the party last night.
Are there French audio guides?
Sorry, I do not understand the meaning of the question.
I didn't think Boston would be this hot.
Excuse me, I am looking for a book called "Tom and Mary".
Whose glass is this?
Don't waste food!
Let me run you a bath, Mary.
I was drawing myself a bath and getting ready to relax when there was a knock on the door.
Let me draw you a bath, Tom.
Nothing to see here, folks. Move along.
I said what I meant.
Are you trying to say that you don't want me to go out with Mary?
I miss him terribly.
Mary made fun of Tom's shirt.
They made fun of my clothes.
I have a new boyfriend, but my ex-boyfriend doesn't know about it yet.
This machine has a lot of switches and buttons.
Would it make you happy to live the life that you're now living for all eternity?
Tom is zealous, isn't he?
Tom is very young, isn't he?
Tom is young, isn't he?
Tom is a little young for you, isn't he?
Tom is still there with you, isn't he?
Tom is angry at you, isn't he?
Tom is wrong, isn't he?
Tom is at work, isn't he?
Mary is a beautiful woman, isn't she?
Tom is witty, isn't he?
Tom is wise, isn't he?
Tom is winning, isn't he?
Tom is going to be in Boston all week, isn't he?
Tom is wealthy, isn't he?
Tom is quite versatile, isn't he?
Tom is being really vague, isn't he?
Tom is being quite vague, isn't he?
Tom is being very vague, isn't he?
Tom is being vague, isn't he?
Tom is going to come after us, isn't he?
Tom is coming here to help us, isn't he?
Tom is willing to go with us, isn't he?
Tom really is upset with us, isn't he?
Tom is very untidy, isn't he?
Tom is untidy, isn't he?
Tom is very unsociable, isn't he?
Tom is unsociable, isn't he?
Tom is unprejudiced, isn't he?
Tom is very unpredictable, isn't he?
Tom is unpredictable, isn't he?
Tom is unpleasant, isn't he?
Tom is really unlucky, isn't he?
Tom is very unlucky, isn't he?
Tom is unlucky, isn't he?
Tom is unimaginative, isn't he?
Tom is really unhappy, isn't he?
Tom is pretty unhappy, isn't he?
Tom is very unhappy, isn't he?
Tom is unhappy, isn't he?
Tom is being very unfriendly, isn't he?
Tom is unfriendly, isn't he?
Tom is being unfair, isn't he?
Tom is your uncle, isn't he?
Tom is pretty ugly, isn't he?
Tom is quite ugly, isn't he?
Tom is ugly, isn't he?
Tom is being truthful, isn't he?
Tom is trustworthy, isn't he?
Tom is a troubleshooter, isn't he?
Tom is a troublemaker, isn't he?
Tom is really tough, isn't he?
Tom is tough, isn't he?
Tom is very touchy, isn't he?
Tom is touchy, isn't he?
Tom is very grumpy tonight, isn't he?
Tom is willing to help us tomorrow, isn't he?
Tom is leaving Boston tomorrow, isn't he?
Tom is being very obedient today, isn't he?
Tom is grumpy today, isn't he?
Tom is quite timid, isn't he?
Tom is timid, isn't he?
Tom is very tidy, isn't he?
Tom is tidy, isn't he?
Tom is thoughtful, isn't he?
Tom is very thorough, isn't he?
Tom is thorough, isn't he?
Tom is the one responsible for this, isn't he?
Tom is really good at this, isn't he?
Tom is prepared for this, isn't he?
Tom is quite thin, isn't he?
Tom is thin, isn't he?
Tom is still out there, isn't he?
Tom is still there, isn't he?
Tom is very tense, isn't he?
Tom is tense, isn't he?
Tom is good at tennis, isn't he?
Tom is very temperamental, isn't he?
Tom is temperamental, isn't he?
Tom is still a teenager, isn't he?
Tom is a really good teacher, isn't he?
Tom is your guitar teacher, isn't he?
Tom is a very good teacher, isn't he?
Tom is a good teacher, isn't he?
Tom is a teacher, isn't he?
Tom is very tall, isn't he?
Tom is tall, isn't he?
Tom is quite talkative, isn't he?
Tom is very talkative, isn't he?
Tom is talkative, isn't he?
Tom is really talented, isn't he?
Tom is quite talented, isn't he?
Tom is very talented, isn't he?
Tom is talented, isn't he?
Tom is quite sympathetic, isn't he?
Tom is very sympathetic, isn't he?
Tom is sympathetic, isn't he?
Tom is still swimming, isn't he?
Tom is a very powerful swimmer, isn't he?
Tom is going to be surprised, isn't he?
Tom is really successful, isn't he?
Tom is rather successful, isn't he?
Tom is quite successful, isn't he?
Tom is very successful, isn't he?
Tom is successful, isn't he?
Tom really is stupid, isn't he?
Tom is good at technical stuff, isn't he?
Tom is a really good student, isn't he?
Tom is a very good student, isn't he?
Tom is a good student, isn't he?
Tom is a student, isn't he?
Tom is stuck-up, isn't he?
Tom is really stubborn, isn't he?
Tom is quite stubborn, isn't he?
Tom is very stubborn, isn't he?
Tom is stubborn, isn't he?
Tom is really strong, isn't he?
Tom is quite strong, isn't he?
Tom is very strong, isn't he?
Tom is strong, isn't he?
Tom is still living on Park Street, isn't he?
Tom is quite stocky, isn't he?
Tom is very spontaneous, isn't he?
Tom is spontaneous, isn't he?
Tom is very spirited, isn't he?
Tom is spirited, isn't he?
Tom is your son, isn't he?
Tom is quite sociable, isn't he?
Tom is quite sneaky, isn't he?
Tom is sneaky, isn't he?
Tom is really smart, isn't he?
Tom is pretty smart, isn't he?
Tom is quite smart, isn't he?
Tom is very smart, isn't he?
Tom is smart, isn't he?
Tom is sleepy, isn't he?
Tom is really skinny, isn't he?
Tom is pretty skinny, isn't he?
Tom is very skinny, isn't he?
Tom is skinny, isn't he?
Tom is still single, isn't he?
Tom is single, isn't he?
Tom is sincere, isn't he?
Tom is being silly, isn't he?
Tom is extremely shy, isn't he?
Tom is really shy, isn't he?
Tom is rather shy, isn't he?
Tom is pretty shy, isn't he?
Tom is quite shy, isn't he?
Tom is very shy, isn't he?
Tom is shy, isn't he?
Tom is quite short, isn't he?
Tom is short, isn't he?
Tom is really sharp, isn't he?
Tom is quite sharp, isn't he?
Tom is very sharp, isn't he?
Tom is sharp, isn't he?
Tom is shameless, isn't he?
Tom is very shallow, isn't he?
Tom is shallow, isn't he?
Tom is really serious, isn't he?
Tom is quite serious, isn't he?
Tom is very serious, isn't he?
Tom is serious, isn't he?
Tom is sensitive, isn't he?
Tom is being very sensible, isn't he?
Tom is being sensible, isn't he?
Tom is sensible, isn't he?
Tom is very selfish, isn't he?
Tom is selfish, isn't he?
Tom is being a bit self-indulgent, isn't he?
Tom is very self-disciplined, isn't he?
Tom is self-centered, isn't he?
Tom is very self-centered, isn't he?
Tom is still in high school, isn't he?
Tom is at school, isn't he?
Tom is a little scared, isn't he?
Tom is scared, isn't he?
Tom is being sarcastic, isn't he?
Tom is very sarcastic, isn't he?
Tom is sarcastic, isn't he?
Tom is sane, isn't he?
Tom is sad, isn't he?
Tom is ruthless, isn't he?
Tom is quite rude, isn't he?
Tom is being rude, isn't he?
Tom is very rude, isn't he?
Tom is rude, isn't he?
Tom is in his room, isn't he?
Tom is just trying to be romantic, isn't he?
Tom is pretty romantic, isn't he?
Tom is romantic, isn't he?
Tom is right, isn't he?
Tom is really rich, isn't he?
Tom is rather rich, isn't he?
Tom is pretty rich, isn't he?
Tom is fairly rich, isn't he?
Tom is quite rich, isn't he?
Tom is very rich, isn't he?
Tom is rich, isn't he?
Tom is responsible, isn't he?
Tom is quite resourceful, isn't he?
Tom is very resourceful, isn't he?
Tom is resourceful, isn't he?
Tom is resilient, isn't he?
Tom is quite reserved, isn't he?
Tom is reserved, isn't he?
Tom is reputable, isn't he?
Tom is reliable, isn't he?
Tom is a redhead, isn't he?
Tom is being reckless, isn't he?
Tom is very reckless, isn't he?
Tom is reckless, isn't he?
Tom is getting ready, isn't he?
Tom is usually very quiet, isn't he?
Tom is quiet, isn't he?
Tom is quick-witted, isn't he?
Tom is quick-tempered, isn't he?
Tom is usually punctual, isn't he?
Tom is always punctual, isn't he?
Tom is punctual, isn't he?
Tom is just being prudent, isn't he?
Tom is very progressive, isn't he?
Tom is quite proficient, isn't he?
Mary is very pretty, isn't she?
Tom is prepared, isn't he?
Tom is quite prejudiced, isn't he?
Tom is prejudiced, isn't he?
Tom is just being practical, isn't he?
Tom is very practical, isn't he?
Tom is practical, isn't he?
Tom is very powerful, isn't he?
Tom is powerful, isn't he?
Tom is quite possessive, isn't he?
Tom is very possessive, isn't he?
Tom is possessive, isn't he?
Tom is really popular, isn't he?
Tom is fairly popular, isn't he?
Tom is quite popular, isn't he?
Tom is very popular, isn't he?
Tom is popular, isn't he?
Tom is poor, isn't he?
Tom is just being polite, isn't he?
Tom is polite, isn't he?
Tom is a good baseball player, isn't he?
Tom is a good chess player, isn't he?
Tom is a team player, isn't he?
Tom is quite photogenic, isn't he?
Tom is very photogenic, isn't he?
Tom is photogenic, isn't he?
Tom is just being petty, isn't he?
Tom is petty, isn't he?
Tom is very pessimistic, isn't he?
Tom is pessimistic, isn't he?
Tom is really persuasive, isn't he?
Tom is quite persuasive, isn't he?
Tom is very persuasive, isn't he?
Tom is persuasive, isn't he?
Tom is an interesting person, isn't he?
Tom really is a nice person, isn't he?
Tom is a very neat person, isn't he?
Tom is very persistent, isn't he?
Tom is persistent, isn't he?
Tom is a perfectionist, isn't he?
Tom is perfect, isn't he?
Tom is being very patient, isn't he?
Tom is really patient, isn't he?
Tom is pretty patient, isn't he?
Tom is quite patient, isn't he?
Tom is very patient, isn't he?
Tom is patient, isn't he?
Tom is pathetic, isn't he?
Tom is very passionate, isn't he?
Tom is passionate, isn't he?
Tom is planning to be at the party, isn't he?
Tom is just a little overweight, isn't he?
Tom is really overweight, isn't he?
Tom is quite overweight, isn't he?
Tom is very overweight, isn't he?
Tom is overweight, isn't he?
Tom is quite outspoken, isn't he?
Tom is very outspoken, isn't he?
Tom is outspoken, isn't he?
Tom is extremely outgoing, isn't he?
Tom is pretty outgoing, isn't he?
Tom is very outgoing, isn't he?
Tom is outgoing, isn't he?
Tom is quite organized, isn't he?
Tom is organized, isn't he?
Tom is quite opportunistic, isn't he?
Tom is opportunistic, isn't he?
Tom is open-minded, isn't he?
Tom is kind of old, isn't he?
Tom is really old, isn't he?
Tom is pretty old, isn't he?
Tom is fairly old, isn't he?
Tom is quite old, isn't he?
Tom is very old, isn't he?
Tom is old, isn't he?
Tom is going to be OK, isn't he?
Tom is OK, isn't he?
Tom is being quite obstinate, isn't he?
Tom is quite obstinate, isn't he?
Tom is obstinate, isn't he?
Tom is quite observant, isn't he?
Tom is very observant, isn't he?
Tom is observant, isn't he?
Tom is really obnoxious, isn't he?
Tom is quite obnoxious, isn't he?
Tom is obnoxious, isn't he?
Tom is objective, isn't he?
Tom is obese, isn't he?
Tom is very obedient, isn't he?
Tom is obedient, isn't he?
Tom is working at this company now, isn't he?
Tom is studying French now, isn't he?
Tom is really busy now, isn't he?
Tom is quite busy now, isn't he?
Tom is very busy now, isn't he?
Tom is in Boston now, isn't he?
Tom is swimming now, isn't he?
Tom is studying now, isn't he?
Tom is fine now, isn't he?
Tom is busy now, isn't he?
Tom is OK now, isn't he?
Tom is normal, isn't he?
Tom is nice, isn't he?
Tom is a little nervous, isn't he?
Tom is really nervous, isn't he?
Tom is pretty nervous, isn't he?
Tom is quite nervous, isn't he?
Tom is very nervous, isn't he?
Tom is nervous, isn't he?
Tom is getting on your nerves, isn't he?
Tom is neat, isn't he?
Tom is being naughty, isn't he?
Tom is naughty, isn't he?
Tom is nasty, isn't he?
Tom is really narrow-minded, isn't he?
Tom is quite narrow-minded, isn't he?
Tom is very narrow-minded, isn't he?
Tom is narrow-minded, isn't he?
Tom is really naive, isn't he?
Tom is quite naive, isn't he?
Tom is very naive, isn't he?
Tom is naive, isn't he?
Tom is out of his mind, isn't he?
Tom is perfect for me, isn't he?
Tom is angry at me, isn't he?
Tom is still married to Mary, isn't he?
Tom is still engaged to Mary, isn't he?
Tom is still dating Mary, isn't he?
Tom is married to Mary, isn't he?
Tom is afraid of Mary, isn't he?
Tom is married, isn't he?
Tom is quite liberal, isn't he?
Tom is very liberal, isn't he?
Tom is the team leader, isn't he?
Your friend's very late, isn't he?
Tom is very late, isn't he?
Tom is still in kindergarten, isn't he?
Tom is a little jealous, isn't he?
Tom is really jealous, isn't he?
Tom is jealous, isn't he?
Tom is irresponsible, isn't he?
Tom is interfering, isn't he?
Tom is interesting, isn't he?
Tom is incompetent, isn't he?
Tom is a little impulsive, isn't he?
Tom is impulsive, isn't he?
Tom is fairly important, isn't he?
Tom is important, isn't he?
Tom is very impatient, isn't he?
Tom is impatient, isn't he?
Mary is little hysterical, isn't she?
Tom is really hungry, isn't he?
Tom is still hungry, isn't he?
Tom is hungry, isn't he?
Tom is still in the hospital, isn't he?
Tom is in the hospital, isn't he?
Tom is honest, isn't he?
Tom is going to be really tired when he gets home, isn't he?
Your mother is in a nursing home, isn't she?
Tom is giving us a ride home, isn't he?
Tom is still working here, isn't he?
Tom is coming here, isn't he?
Tom is here, isn't he?
Tom is very helpful, isn't he?
Tom is helpful, isn't he?
Tom is willing to help, isn't he?
Tom is healthy, isn't he?
Tom is still at Harvard, isn't he?
Tom is really happy, isn't he?
Tom is happy, isn't he?
Tom is kind of handsome, isn't he?
When was the last time you heard from Tom?
No one's seen or heard from Tom.
Tom is handsome, isn't he?
Tom is quite a guy, isn't he?
Tom is quite gullible, isn't he?
Tom is gullible, isn't he?
Tom is a very good guitarist, isn't he?
Tom is a good guitarist, isn't he?
Tom is guilty, isn't he?
Tom is grumpy, isn't he?
Tom is quite greedy, isn't he?
Tom is very greedy, isn't he?
Tom is greedy, isn't he?
Mary is gorgeous, isn't she?
Tom is good-looking, isn't he?
Tom is good, isn't he?
Mary is a very pretty girl, isn't she?
Mary is a pretty girl, isn't she?
Tom is very generous, isn't he?
Tom is generous, isn't he?
Tom is a compulsive gambler, isn't he?
Tom is very funny, isn't he?
Tom is funny, isn't he?
Tom is a lot of fun, isn't he?
Tom is very friendly, isn't he?
Tom is still your best friend, isn't he?
Tom is still your friend, isn't he?
Tom is your best friend, isn't he?
Tom is your friend, isn't he?
Tom is still studying French, isn't he?
Tom is really good at French, isn't he?
Tom is quite good at French, isn't he?
Tom is very good at French, isn't he?
Tom is good at French, isn't he?
Tom is very forgetful, isn't he?
Tom is forgetful, isn't he?
Tom is being quite foolish, isn't he?
Tom is being foolish, isn't he?
Tom is foolish, isn't he?
Tom is foolhardy, isn't he?
Tom is fearless, isn't he?
Tom is really fast, isn't he?
Tom is very fast, isn't he?
Tom is fast, isn't he?
Tom is really quite famous, isn't he?
Tom is kind of famous, isn't he?
Tom is quite famous, isn't he?
Tom is famous, isn't he?
Tom is fair, isn't he?
Tom is exuberant, isn't he?
Tom is extroverted, isn't he?
Tom is an expert, isn't he?
Tom is quite enthusiastic, isn't he?
Tom is enthusiastic, isn't he?
Tom is very energetic, isn't he?
Tom is energetic, isn't he?
Tom is quite emotional, isn't he?
Tom is quite eloquent, isn't he?
Tom is eloquent, isn't he?
Tom is usually very efficient, isn't he?
Tom is very efficient, isn't he?
Tom is efficient, isn't he?
Tom is quite eccentric, isn't he?
Tom is eccentric, isn't he?
Tom is easygoing, isn't he?
Tom is dying, isn't he?
Tom is very driven, isn't he?
Tom is driven, isn't he?
Tom is domineering, isn't he?
Tom is a doctor, isn't he?
Tom is dishonest, isn't he?
Tom is being quite discreet, isn't he?
Tom is very discreet, isn't he?
Tom is discreet, isn't he?
Tom is discontented, isn't he?
Tom is likely to be really disappointed, isn't he?
Tom is going to be really disappointed, isn't he?
Tom is being disagreeable, isn't he?
Tom is disagreeable, isn't he?
Tom is usually quite direct, isn't he?
Tom is being pretty direct, isn't he?
Tom is direct, isn't he?
Tom is being quite diplomatic, isn't he?
Tom is just being diplomatic, isn't he?
Tom is very diplomatic, isn't he?
Tom is diplomatic, isn't he?
Tom is being kind of devious, isn't he?
Tom is devious, isn't he?
Tom is very determined, isn't he?
Tom is determined, isn't he?
Tom is pretty dependable, isn't he?
Tom is quite dependable, isn't he?
Tom is very dependable, isn't he?
Tom is dependable, isn't he?
Tom is really dedicated, isn't he?
Tom is quite dedicated, isn't he?
Tom is very dedicated, isn't he?
Tom is dedicated, isn't he?
Tom is very decisive, isn't he?
Tom is decisive, isn't he?
Tom is being deceitful, isn't he?
Tom is deceitful, isn't he?
Tom is afraid to go out after dark, isn't he?
Tom is being very cynical, isn't he?
Tom is quite cynical, isn't he?
Tom is cynical, isn't he?
Mary is kind of cute, isn't she?
Mary is really cute, isn't she?
Mary is quite cute, isn't she?
Mary is very cute, isn't she?
Mary is cute, isn't she?
Tom is extremely creative, isn't he?
Tom is really creative, isn't he?
Tom is quite creative, isn't he?
Tom is very creative, isn't he?
Tom is creative, isn't he?
Tom is quite crazy, isn't he?
Tom is crazy, isn't he?
Tom is very crafty, isn't he?
Tom is crafty, isn't he?
Tom is your cousin, isn't he?
Tom is really courageous, isn't he?
Tom is quite courageous, isn't he?
Tom is very courageous, isn't he?
Tom is courageous, isn't he?
Tom is really cool, isn't he?
Tom is cool, isn't he?
Tom is very considerate, isn't he?
Tom is considerate, isn't he?
Tom is really conservative, isn't he?
Tom is rather conservative, isn't he?
Tom is pretty conservative, isn't he?
Tom is quite conservative, isn't he?
Tom is very conservative, isn't he?
Tom is conservative, isn't he?
Tom is quite conscientious, isn't he?
Tom is conscientious, isn't he?
Tom is very confident, isn't he?
Tom is confident, isn't he?
Tom is really conceited, isn't he?
Tom is pretty conceited, isn't he?
Tom is quite conceited, isn't he?
Tom is very conceited, isn't he?
Tom is conceited, isn't he?
Tom is compulsive, isn't he?
Tom is really competitive, isn't he?
Tom is quite competitive, isn't he?
Tom is very competitive, isn't he?
Tom is competitive, isn't he?
Tom is sensitive to the cold, isn't he?
Your friend's very clever, isn't he?
Tom is still the best student in your class, isn't he?
Tom is the best student in your class, isn't he?
Tom is in your class, isn't he?
Tom is capable of taking charge, isn't he?
Tom is quite careless, isn't he?
Tom is very careless, isn't he?
Tom is careless, isn't he?
Tom is quite careful, isn't he?
Tom is very careful, isn't he?
Tom is careful, isn't he?
Our French teacher is Canadian, isn't he?
Tom is going to be really busy, isn't he?
Tom is your brother, isn't he?
Tom is still your boyfriend, isn't he?
Tom is your boyfriend, isn't he?
Tom is still studying in Boston, isn't he?
Tom is still working in Boston, isn't he?
Tom is still living in Boston, isn't he?
Tom is still in Boston, isn't he?
Tom is quite bossy, isn't he?
Tom is bossy, isn't he?
Tom is quite boring, isn't he?
Tom is boring, isn't he?
Tom is still working as a bartender, isn't he?
Tom is still a bartender, isn't he?
Tom is a bartender, isn't he?
Tom is bald, isn't he?
Tom is still in Australia, isn't he?
Tom is still asleep, isn't he?
Tom is asleep, isn't he?
Tom is very arrogant, isn't he?
Tom is arrogant, isn't he?
Tom is afraid to say anything, isn't he?
Tom is quite anxious, isn't he?
Tom is anxious, isn't he?
Tom is very annoying, isn't he?
Tom is annoying, isn't he?
Tom is really angry, isn't he?
Tom is quite angry, isn't he?
Tom is very angry, isn't he?
Tom is angry, isn't he?
Tom is amusing, isn't he?
Tom is really ambitious, isn't he?
Tom is pretty ambitious, isn't he?
Tom is fairly ambitious, isn't he?
Tom is quite ambitious, isn't he?
Tom is very ambitious, isn't he?
Tom is ambitious, isn't he?
Tom is still alive, isn't he?
Tom is alive, isn't he?
Tom is really aggressive, isn't he?
Tom is pretty aggressive, isn't he?
Tom is quite aggressive, isn't he?
Tom is very aggressive, isn't he?
Tom is aggressive, isn't he?
Tom is coming here this afternoon, isn't he?
Tom is quite determined to finish the report by 2:30, isn't he?
Tom is motivated, isn't he?
Tom is moody, isn't he?
Tom is modest, isn't he?
Tom is middle class, isn't he?
Tom is methodical, isn't he?
Tom is lucky, isn't he?
Tom is loyal, isn't he?
Tom is loud, isn't he?
Tom is lazy, isn't he?
Tom is leaving at 2:30.
Tom has been awake since 2:30.
Tom has been in Boston since 2003.
Tom will be arriving at about 2:30.
Tom has got some decisions to make.
Tom is a science teacher and so am I.
Tom is confident of his ability.
I think I may know what this is all about.
Tom has a lot to be angry about.
I think I may know what this is about.
Tom will know what it's about.
I assume you're the Tom everybody's been telling me about.
What's Tom so nervous about?
What's it really about?
What do you think Tom and Mary are talking about?
What's Tom so worried about?
Tom has never been abroad.
Tom is eager to go abroad.
Tom is anxious to go abroad.
Tom has gone abroad.
Tom has never gone abroad.
Tom is living abroad.
Tom studied abroad.
Tom wants to study abroad.
Tom has a distinct French accent.
Tom has had an accident.
Tom met with an accident.
Tom died in a car accident.
Tom has been in a car accident.
Tom has been in a bad car accident.
Tom has had a minor accident.
Tom was involved in a minor accident.
Tom died in a motorcycle accident.
That was no accident.
Tom survived the accident.
Tom witnessed the accident.
The question is who caused the accident.
Tom died three weeks after the accident.
Tom hasn't been the same since the accident.
Tom is more than just an acquaintance.
Tom isn't very adaptable.
Tom is a heroin addict.
What's Tom's current address?
Tom asked me if I knew Mary's address.
Tom is quite adventurous.
Tom seems adventurous.
Tom is very adventurous.
Tom asked me for advice.
Tom gave me some good advice.
Even if you don't like Tom, you should listen to his advice.
Tom ignored our advice.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is afraid.
Tom was becoming more and more afraid.
Tom worked hard all afternoon.
Tom has been here all afternoon.
Tom has been cooking all afternoon.
Tom has been drinking all afternoon.
Tom has been at Mary's house all afternoon.
Tom has been waiting for Mary all afternoon.
Tom has been singing that same song all afternoon.
Tom and his friends played basketball all afternoon.
Tom is due back this afternoon.
Tom may have talked to Mary this afternoon.
Tom is going to be coming here later this afternoon.
Do you plan on going swimming with us this afternoon?
Tom has to go shopping with his mother this afternoon.
You and I are going to have a lot of fun this afternoon.
I think I may have to go over to Tom's house and help him this afternoon.
Tom has a job interview tomorrow afternoon.
Tom needs to be in Boston by 2:tomorrow afternoon.
Tom promised me he would help me clean out the garage tomorrow afternoon.
Were you with Tom yesterday afternoon?
Tom won't come back again.
Tom is bleeding again.
Tom started to get drowsy again.
The street is empty again.
Why are we here again?
Tom will never come here again.
Do you need it again?
Tom explained it again.
Tom will never do it again.
Tom is going to try it again.
Tom told me he was going to try it again.
You're going to be late again.
Tom is likely to be late again.
You'd better not be late again.
Tom has promised never to be late again.
What makes you think that Tom is going to be late again?
Tom said he'd kill me if he ever saw me again.
You and I'll never meet again.
Tom will change his mind again.
Tom began to doze off again.
They'll probably never see each other again.
Tom is on the phone again.
You're going to be late for school again.
Let me do that again.
I warn you not to do that again.
Tom has promised never to do that again.
Don't let anyone hear you say that again.
Don't you ever talk to me like that again.
Tom decided that he'd never try doing that again.
Why are you going to Tom's again?
When can I see Tom again?
Am I ever going to see Tom again?
It's only a matter of time before Tom gets into trouble again.
Should we try again?
Tom wants to see us again.
Am I going to see you again?
Tom is lying about his age.
Tom looks young for his age.
Tom is better than I was at his age.
You'll understand better when you get to be my age.
Tom is getting soft in his old age.
Tom is still under age.
Tom has a son about your age.
I lived in Boston when I was your age.
That boy over there looks about your age.
Tom hasn't been to Boston in ages.
Tom is quite aggressive.
Tom seems aggressive.
Tom is very aggressive.
Tom isn't very aggressive.
Tom was aggressive.
Tom is looking a bit agitated.
Tom is looking a little agitated.
Tom died a few days ago.
Tom called three days ago.
Tom disappeared three days ago.
Tom passed away three days ago.
Tom came to see us a few days ago.
Tom died a year and a half ago.
Tom left about an hour ago.
Tom called about half an hour ago.
Tom called me a few hours ago.
Tom left here three hours ago.
Tom was here not too long ago.
Tom came to see me not too long ago.
Tom left a minute ago.
Tom left ten minutes ago.
Tom left for the concert hall about minutes ago.
Tom left just a moment ago.
Tom did that three months ago.
Tom is probably a lot busier now than he was three months ago.
Tom was here a second ago.
Tom left a long time ago.
Tom came here a long time ago.
Tom and I dated a long time ago.
Tom moved to Boston a long time ago.
Tom did that three weeks ago.
Tom was here a few weeks ago.
Tom died about a year ago.
Tom went to Boston a year ago.
Tom died just three years ago.
Tom died about three years ago.
Tom died almost three years ago.
Tom got married three years ago.
Tom left Boston three years ago.
You and I don't always agree.
You and I'll never agree.
Tom and I usually agree.
You and I don't usually agree.
Tom wholeheartedly agreed.
Tom hasn't thought that far ahead.
Tom must've gone ahead.
Tom tossed the ball into the air.
There's no cause for alarm.
Tom showed me his photo album.
Tom has a perfect alibi.
Tom and Mary are waiting for John and Alice.
Can you really blame Tom for choosing Mary over Alice?
You and I think alike.
You and I don't think alike.
Tom is lucky to still be alive.
At least I'm still alive.
When was the last time you saw Tom alive?
Does it hurt at all?
Tom wasn't happy at all.
You're not helping at all.
I didn't do anything at all.
Tom wasn't surprised at all.
Tom doesn't like that at all.
Tom hasn't been helpful at all.
You're not bothering me at all.
Tom doesn't look troubled at all.
Tom doesn't like that plan at all.
Tom doesn't think it's weird at all.
Tom says he doesn't remember that at all.
Tom didn't find Mary's jokes funny at all.
Tom doesn't listen to classical music at all.
Tom isn't handling the situation well at all.
How do you manage to do it all?
Tom was a little overwhelmed by it all.
My car is parked in the alley.
Tom wanted to be alone.
Tom asked us to leave him alone.
Why is it so hard for people to understand that I just want to be left alone?
Tom doesn't like living alone.
Tom felt quite alone.
Tom is traveling alone.
Tom has been traveling alone.
Tom won't leave us alone.
Tom did the work alone.
Tom was right all along.
Tom has been right all along.
Do you mind if I come along?
Tom invited me to come along.
Tom took Mary along.
Tom has been awake for three hours already.
Tom has left already.
Tom is in love with me already.
Is it morning already?
Tom has caused enough trouble already.
Tom has caused us a lot of trouble already.
Tom is better than I am.
Tom is as strong as I am.
Tom is shorter than I am.
Tom is younger than I am.
Tom is stronger than I am.
Tom is just as old as I am.
Tom knows exactly who I am.
You're not as tall as I am.
Tom is twice as old as I am.
Tom is way busier than I am.
You aren't as heavy as I am.
Tom is almost as old as I am.
Tom is even lazier than I am.
Tom is much taller than I am.
Tom is on the same team I am.
Tom is almost as tall as I am.
Tom is better at it than I am.
You'll never guess where I am.
Tom is a better cook than I am.
Tom is more talented than I am.
You're a better cook than I am.
Tom is better at math than I am.
Tom is better looking than I am.
Tom is not much older than I am.
Tom is a better driver than I am.
Tom isn't any stronger than I am.
You're a better driver than I am.
Tom is about the same age as I am.
Tom is better at French than I am.
Tom is a much better cook than I am.
Tom is quite a bit richer than I am.
Tom is a few years younger than I am.
Tom is better at the piano than I am.
Tom is a better chess player than I am.
Tom is a much better swimmer than I am.
Tom is a better tennis player than I am.
Tom is a much better chess player than I am.
Tom is probably a lot busier right now than I am.
This book is amazing.
Tom is extremely ambitious.
Tom is quite ambitious.
Tom seems ambitious.
Tom is very ambitious.
Tom isn't very ambitious.
Tom never was ambitious.
Get me an ambulance.
Tom is no longer amused.
This is very amusing.
Tom seems to be angry.
Why should I be angry?
Tom has no reason to be angry.
You have every right to be angry.
Tom is extremely angry.
If you do that, Tom will get angry.
Tom rarely gets angry.
Does Tom look angry?
Tom made me angry.
Tom looked really angry.
Why is Tom so angry?
Why does Tom look so angry?
The question is how to say no without making Tom angry.
It made me very angry.
Tom is going to be very angry.
I didn't need to understand French to know that they were angry.
You're cute when you're angry.
Tom is very annoying.
I wish I could think of a good answer.
I got no answer.
There's no answer.
I'd like a straight answer.
Tom didn't expect that answer.
Tom might know the answer.
Tom would know the answer.
Tom is going to find the answer.
Tom actually didn't know the answer.
Tom didn't quite know how to answer.
Tom finally answered.
Tom hesitated before answering.
Tom has quite a few antiques.
Tom was anxious.
You're not helping any.
You're not helping matters any.
Tom didn't kiss anybody.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody.
Tom's not a baby anymore.
Tom might not be in Boston anymore.
Tom used to swim, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom didn't want to fight anymore.
Tom may not be studying French anymore.
Tom doesn't want to work here anymore.
Tom couldn't stand it anymore.
You don't need to look for it anymore.
I'm not married anymore.
Tom isn't married anymore.
You don't need to worry about me anymore.
Tom doesn't read much anymore.
I can't stand the pain anymore.
Tom doesn't watch sitcoms anymore.
Tom promised not to smoke anymore.
Tom doesn't do that anymore.
You shouldn't do that anymore.
You could at least tell Tom that he doesn't need to do that anymore.
You don't have to do this anymore.
I'm not married to Tom anymore.
Tom doesn't watch TV anymore.
I don't feel that way anymore.
Tom has a lot of clothes in his closet that he never wears anymore.
Tom isn't young anymore.
Am I forgetting anyone?
Tom has never hurt anyone.
Tom isn't trying to impress anyone.
Tom doesn't like anyone.
Tom isn't afraid of anyone.
They said they hadn't seen anyone.
I sure hope I don't catch anything.
Tom didn't force me to do anything.
You don't have to say or do anything.
You know how hard it can be to convince Tom to do anything.
Am I allowed to eat anything?
We have to be ready for anything.
Am I forgetting anything?
Do you hear anything?
Did you hear anything?
Tom says he can't hear anything.
Tom promised not to tell Mary anything.
Does it mean anything?
Am I missing anything?
Tom doesn't need anything.
Tom and I seldom agree on anything.
You don't need to pay anything.
Tom is afraid to say anything.
You know I won't say anything.
Tom doesn't have to say anything.
It wasn't my place to say anything.
I didn't think I should say anything.
Tom doesn't even have to say anything.
Tom made me promise not to say anything.
Tom looked around, but he couldn't see anything.
Did you sign anything?
Does Tom suspect anything?
We don't have to tell Tom anything.
Did you touch anything?
Tom didn't touch anything.
It could be anywhere.
Do you need a ride anywhere?
Tom is back in his apartment.
Tom is looking for a large apartment.
Tom is looking for a larger apartment.
Tom made an apology.
Tom canceled his appointment.
Tom looked to Mary for approval.
Tom nodded his approval.
Tom nodded his head in approval.
Tom wants his mother's approval.
Did dinner get Tom's stamp of approval?
Shouldn't we wait for Tom's approval?
I won't do that without Tom's approval.
I can't do something like that without Tom's approval.
Tom still seeks your approval.
Does it meet with your approval?
Does that meet with your approval?
I won't hire anyone without your approval.
I presume this will meet with your approval.
Did the accommodations meet with your approval?
Tom has a son who's an architect.
Tom doesn't know where his keys are.
You don't even know who they are.
Tom knows who we are.
Tom has no idea where we are.
Tom doesn't seem to know who we are.
Stop where you are.
Tom is brighter than you are.
Tom is more famous than you are.
Tom is almost as tall as you are.
You don't even know where you are.
Tom doesn't know how strong you are.
Tom is a little taller than you are.
Tom is about the same age as you are.
Tom is much better at French than you are.
Tom knew there was no point in arguing.
Tom argues just for the sake of arguing.
Tom knew he wasn't going to win the argument.
Tom could see he wasn't going to win the argument.
Tom usually wins arguments.
His name is Pekka.
Tom couldn't tell from Mary's reaction how she felt about what he had said to her.
My grandma texts faster than you.
She covers her arms and legs with lye every day, burning and itching and thinking "I'm gonna look so good."
Did you enjoy your Sunday?
She closed her umbrella and started running.
Tom was enlarging the photos.
The little girl entered the room.
The world of thinking is a mosaic of visions, expressed through language.
It's better to be poor and in good health than rich and ill.
It was pouring rain all morning long.
Have an excellent weekend.
And then he met a girl who changed his life forever.
Tom has had a hard life.
Mary is a music teacher.
My father abandoned me when I was young.
Tom thinks that he's different from other people.
Tom thinks that he's better than other people.
What is he doing in his room?
What was he doing in his room?
What were you doing in his room?
What was she doing in her room?
What is Tom doing in his room?
Why doesn't the moon fall down?
They stayed at a very expensive hotel.
They stayed at a luxury hotel.
Tom and Mary never kiss each other in public.
Tom and Mary seem to be afraid to kiss each other in public.
Look, Tom and Mary are holding hands! They're so cute!
I smiled and waved at them.
They look so cute together.
Tom and Mary walked around the lake holding hands.
Tom receives more than emails a day.
Mary often wears a fake wedding ring.
Åle, the world's oldest eel, just died. He was approximately years old.
How do you say kindergarten in German?
It was one of the most rewarding experiences of my life.
Should cannabis be legal?
Tom was arrested for public indecency.
It shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone.
The news of the company's bankruptcy didn't come as a surprise to anyone.
The beaches are less crowded in September.
The museum is closed on Mondays.
Tom and Mary went on a date to the zoo.
Mary is obsessed with animals.
Mary is obsessed with animals, and especially squirrels.
The students walked in a single file.
Why don't we take the subway?
Our little girl is growing up.
Our little boy is growing up.
Dark bread is popular in Germany.
Does Germany share a border with Switzerland?
You knew it all along.
You knew the answer all along.
What a pair!
I'll hug you to death.
What a pair they make!
I think that he's not looking for a long term relationship.
This shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone.
We saw the Venus of Willendorf in Vienna.
Mary is dating one of the lifeguards.
This is your choice.
I'll bring sandwiches.
He's kind of cute, but I'm not sure if I like him.
No, don't say anything!
No, don't say anything! I don't want Tom to know.
No, don't say anything! It could go back to Tom.
The astronaut is in orbit around the Earth.
Tom and Mary worked together on that project.
The lifeguards are here to protect us.
I felt my heart quicken.
I don't know much about Finland, except that it's very cold.
Oscar was my mom's dog.
The performance by the young violinist was awesome.
The frost has melted, the sun is shining, it promises to be a beautiful day.
It is high time those weeds in the garden were removed.
Lingonberries are popular in Finland.
I wasn't born here, but I spent all of my early childhood here.
My brother is stronger than me.
I think that my younger brother is stronger than my elder brother.
My brother thinks that he's stronger than me. But he's only six years old.
He squeezed her leg.
Mary has smooth, shiny hair.
I have frizzy hair.
Tom likes fried chicken.
Is Germany dangerous?
Is Finland dangerous?
My parents treat me unfairly compared to my brother.
My parents treat me unfairly compared to my sister.
My mom likes my brother more than me.
Stop being stupid.
Tom, please stop being stupid.
I think that my parents like my sister more than me.
It's the first thing that I do in the morning.
"Is this the first thing that you do in the morning?" "No, it's the second thing."
Why is my brother stupid?
Why is my brother so stupid?
"Why is my sister stupid?" "I'm not stupid!"
I don't know if I'm stupid or not.
I'm not sure if I'm stupid or not.
He slid his arms around her and kissed her.
Am I stupid?
You're not stupid. You're just different.
I'm not stupid. I'm just different.
Tom had a package under his arm.
Tom had his violin case under his arm.
Raise your left arm.
Tom twisted my arm.
Raise your right arm.
Tom grabbed Mary by the arm.
Tom broke both his arms.
Tom broke both of his arms.
Tom is holding a baby in his arms.
Tom has powerful arms.
Tom has very strong arms.
Tom decided to join the army.
Tom is considering joining the army.
Tom looked all around.
If you see Tom, will you tell him I'm looking for him?
I sure hope I don't catch what's going around.
Tom showed me around.
Tom is always bossing people around.
That could be arranged.
Am I still under arrest?
Do you know why Tom was arrested?
We're still waiting for Tom to arrive.
Tom seems arrogant.
Tom went to Boston to study art.
Tom is quite articulate.
Tom seems articulate.
Tom was articulate.
Tom is a famous artist.
Tom is a gifted artist.
Tom is a talented artist.
Tom is a very talented artist.
Tom is extremely artistic.
Tom isn't artistic.
Tom is quite artistic.
Tom seems artistic.
Tom is very artistic.
Tom isn't very artistic.
What more can I ask?
It may be wise to do what they ask.
You just have to know who to ask.
Do as I asked.
Tom readily agreed to do what we asked.
Tom was almost asleep.
Tom is apparently asleep.
Tom will be asleep.
Tom is falling asleep.
Tom was sound asleep.
Tom is already sound asleep.
Tom is probably still asleep.
Tom has been charged with assault.
Tom seems assertive.
Tom is very assertive.
Tom isn't very assertive.
Tom was assertive.
Were you assertive?
Tom needs assistance.
Tom needs an assistant.
Tom is just a business associate.
What's Tom looking at?
What was Tom looking at?
I think I'd better go and look for Tom.
What was Tom staring at?
Am I going to get yelled at?
Tom is very athletic.
Tom isn't very athletic.
Tom is having a heart attack.
Tom has just had a heart attack.
Tom died in the attack.
What school does Tom attend?
You need to pay closer attention.
Tom loves attention.
Tom is going to need medical attention.
Tom just wants your attention.
Tom is quite attentive.
Tom seems attentive.
Tom is very attentive.
Tom was attentive.
Were you attentive?
Tom listened to me attentively.
Tom said Mary had a bad attitude.
Mary is extremely attractive.
I can't believe you don't think Mary is attractive.
Tom is from Australia.
I didn't know Tom was from Australia.
Tom came here all the way from Australia.
Tom has recently returned from Australia.
Tom and Mary spent their honeymoon in Australia.
Tom sent his son to a boarding school in Australia.
Tom is reading a book about the history of Australia.
Tom is an authority on Australia.
Tom must be from Australia.
Tom went to Australia.
Tom has been to Australia.
Tom has gone to Australia.
Tom has never been to Australia.
Tom has always wanted to go to Australia.
It was Tom's idea that we go to Australia.
Tom has made up his mind to go to Australia.
You have to try to stay awake.
The wedding is still a few days away.
Tom is hoping Mary will just go away.
Tom may have gotten away.
Tom tossed the letter away.
When did Tom pass away?
Tom answered my message right away.
Tom didn't recognize Mary right away.
You'd better get down here right away.
You'd better come down here right away.
You'd better get to the hospital right away.
Tom got on his bicycle and rode away.
Tom tried to run away.
Just throw them away.
Tom watched Mary walk away.
Tom is just going to walk away.
Do you want me to water your flowers while you're away?
Tom is just a baby.
Tom is still just a baby.
Tom is crying like a baby.
Tom was crying like a baby.
Mary is going to have another baby.
Tom looked after the baby.
Tom lowered his voice so he wouldn't wake the baby.
Tom doesn't need a babysitter.
Tom is already back.
Tom may come back.
Why did Tom come back?
Tom has just come back.
Are you really not coming back?
Tom has gotten his confidence back.
Tom's hands are behind his back.
Are you offering me my job back?
Tom never looked back.
Tom didn't call me back.
Why didn't Tom call me back?
Tom didn't give me my money back.
Do you think I can get my money back?
Tom's car is still out back.
Tom said he'd call me right back.
Please park in the back.
We're not turning back.
May I call you back?
Tom took a step backwards.
Tom buried his money somewhere in his backyard.
It made me feel bad.
Is that good or bad?
Am I really that bad?
Show me your badge.
Tom needed the money badly.
Tom has been beaten up pretty badly.
Tom behaved quite badly.
Tom came in carrying a grocery bag.
Tom took a notebook out of his bag.
Tom handed Mary a paper bag.
Show me what you have in your bag.
Tom came into the kitchen carrying two grocery bags.
Tom went out to the balcony.
Tom went out onto the balcony.
Tom is going bald.
Tom threw the ball.
Tom's head is bandaged.
Tom's head is covered with bandages.
Tom went into the bank.
Tom just went to the bank.
It was Tom's idea to rob the bank.
Tom got kicked out of the bar.
Tom leaned back against the bar.
Tom heard the dog barking.
Tom and his friends spent the afternoon painting the barn.
You're an excellent bartender.
Tom is good at baseball.
Tom is good at basketball.
Tom is as blind as a bat.
Tom is giving the baby a bath.
Tom is in the bath.
Tom went to the bathroom.
Tom is still in the bathroom.
Tom wasn't as busy as I thought he'd be.
How bad could it be?
What else would it be?
How could that be?
Tom is different than he used to be.
Tom is much busier than he used to be.
Tom is much fatter than he used to be.
Tom is much happier than he used to be.
Tom is much heavier than he used to be.
Tom is much thinner than he used to be.
Tom is now a little more careful than he used to be.
Tom is a better chess player than I expected him to be.
It was where you told me it would be.
It was exactly like you said it would be.
It wasn't as helpful as I thought it would be.
Tom lives near the beach.
Tom met Mary on the beach.
Tom and Mary took a walk on the beach.
Tom spends a lot of time on the beach.
Tom got attacked by a bear.
Tom has been badly beaten.
Go get ready for bed.
Tom looked like he was getting ready for bed.
Tom jumped out of his bed.
Tom slid his guitar under his bed.
Tom is passed out in bed.
You should still be in bed.
You should get back into bed.
Tom was lying on the bed.
Tom bent down and looked under the bed.
Tom needs to remain in bed.
Do you think Tom has already gone to bed?
Tom went back to his bedroom.
Tom got stung by a bee.
My job is the same as it's always been.
Tom lied about where he'd been.
I think I know who it might've been.
Can I get you a beer?
Tom got himself another beer.
Tom has just got himself another beer.
Tom is too young to buy beer.
Tom is holding a bottle of beer.
Who brought the beer?
Tom has never been to Boston before.
Tom is different from before.
Had you ever seen that guy before?
Tell me something I haven't heard before.
Tom has never been here before.
Tom had never seen anything like it before.
Tom has been in jail before.
Tom has never met me before.
I don't think we've seen the last of Tom.
Tom has done this once before.
Tom has had this problem before.
Tom had never had that problem before.
Tom has never had that problem before.
Tom is calmer than before.
Tom looks worse than before.
Tom is better off than before.
Tom had never seen anything like that before.
I don't know why I didn't think of that before.
Tom has never seen one of these before.
Tom says he's never seen anything like this before.
You shouldn't have made me beg.
Where should we begin?
It's just the beginning.
That was only the beginning.
I don't know when the party begins.
That's not what I believe.
Does that ring a bell?
Did you ring the bell?
Were you the one who rung the bell?
Tom was belligerent.
Tom sold all of his belongings.
Tom is looking for a belt.
Tom is lying on the bench.
Tom says he found it on the bench.
Tom is doing his best.
Tom is trying his best.
Tom decided to do his best.
We did our best.
Tom wants the best.
You have chosen the best.
You'll do exactly what you want, I bet.
Tom has never been better.
I'm sure we can do better.
Tom could've done better.
Does that feel better?
Tom is going to get better.
Tom couldn't have said it better.
This is much better.
Tom seems to be biased.
Tom came here today by bicycle.
Maybe I shouldn't have given Tom my old bicycle.
Don't you think it's a little too big?
Where's my bike?
Tom couldn't remember whether or not he'd paid the gas bill.
Tom insisted that I pay the bill.
Tom hoped that Mary would pay the bill.
Tom is looking through his binoculars.
Tom is a very well-known biologist.
Tom is studying to be a marine biologist.
Tom is studying to become a marine biologist.
Tom is doing research in biology.
Tom has been blind since birth.
Tom forgot his own birthday.
Today is Tom's birthday.
Rest here for a bit.
This may hurt a bit.
Tom is getting better bit by bit.
Tom saw his name written on the blackboard.
Tom is not to blame.
Tom covered his head with his blanket.
Tom went to his room to get a blanket.
Tom folded the blankets.
Tom was born blind.
Tom is going blind.
Tom was covered in blood.
Tom has lost too much blood.
Tom lost a lot of blood.
Tom has lost a lot of blood.
Tom is a late bloomer.
Tom is going to paint his car blue.
Tom has been teaching me how to play the blues.
Tom is bluffing.
I'm pretty sure Tom is bluffing.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is bluffing.
Tom couldn't help blushing.
This is a really good boat.
Tom tried to get back in boat.
Tom is ashamed of his body.
Tom is quite bold.
We don't think there's another bomb.
Tom just wrote a book.
Tom wants to read a book.
Tom is lying on the sofa, reading a book.
Tom isn't very likely to know where Mary keeps her address book.
Tom looked up from his book.
Tom wrote that book.
You may not like this book.
Tom came in carrying a stack of books.
Tom hardly does anything other than read books.
Tom just lent me some books.
Tom has already published three books.
This is kind of boring.
Tom said I was boring.
I don't know when Tom was born.
Tom's mother died when he was born.
Tom has been blind since he was born.
We don't even know when Tom was born.
Do you remember the night Tom was born?
Do you have a toilet plunger I could borrow?
I don't think Tom would make a very good boss.
Tom is his own boss.
Aren't you the boss?
You should tell the boss.
Tom is quite bossy.
Tom is very bossy.
Tom made it as far as Boston.
They both are from Boston.
Where was Tom when we needed him?
Tom married a rich girl from Boston.
Tom may not be in Boston.
Tom likes living in Boston.
Tom may still be in Boston.
Tom has a brother in Boston.
Tom might still be in Boston.
Tom has always lived in Boston.
Tom has many friends in Boston.
I didn't know Tom was in Boston.
Tom is probably still in Boston.
Are Tom and Mary still in Boston?
Tom was my only friend in Boston.
Tom doesn't know anyone in Boston.
Tom doesn't like living in Boston.
Tom is going to love it in Boston.
Isn't Tom supposed to be in Boston?
Tom doesn't actually live in Boston.
Tom is currently studying in Boston.
Tom might still be living in Boston.
Tom has an uncle who works in Boston.
Tom went to live with his brother in Boston.
Tom is considering visiting his uncle in Boston.
When Tom was in kindergarten, he lived in Boston.
Why should I leave Boston?
You used to love Boston.
Tom hasn't been to Boston.
You should move to Boston.
Tom is going back to Boston.
Tom said he would go to Boston.
Tom didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom is coming with me to Boston.
Tom will never go back to Boston.
Tom is considering going to Boston.
How long ago did Tom move to Boston?
Why do you think Tom went to Boston?
Tom didn't want to be sent to Boston.
We thought you'd already gone to Boston.
Have you ever thought about moving to Boston?
Tom and his family have just moved to Boston.
Tom isn't really sure why he has to go to Boston.
Tom just found out that he has to move to Boston.
Tom has finally decided that he has to go to Boston.
You know how much I've always wanted to go to Boston.
Tom thought he'd like to become a botanist.
Who threw the bottle?
Tom pulled the cork out of the bottle.
It's just an empty box.
Did you warn Tom not to open that box?
Tom lifted the box.
Did you open the box?
Tom looked into the box.
What was inside the box?
Tom couldn't lift the box.
Tom peeked inside the box.
It was in this box.
Tom doesn't know what's in this box.
Tom is dying to see what's inside this box.
Why not try boxing?
Tom risked his life to save the drowning boy.
Tom is a good-looking boy.
Your tag is sticking out.
Why does she apply olive oil on her lashes?
So did you fall from the sky?
Mary has arrived on time.
A fat cash register attracts robbers.
My name is easy to remember.
For sale: baby shoes, never worn.
Tom has a big box full of bits and pieces in my attic.
Everyone claims that it's harder to play comic roles than others, but that's not true at all. Doing a good job is always difficult, in any area.
He makes a face.
There are lots and lots of people who speak Spanish, but not as many who speak Esperanto.
Why aren't you doing anything?
After the fire, the smell of smoke remained in the air for days.
Are you starting to get tired?
Is someone taking care of it?
When does your plane take off?
The Russian corpus is growing quickly.
The proportion of the world's population speaking English as a first language is declining, and will continue to do so.
I don't believe he'll pass his test.
I'm not playing with you now.
I won't come home.
This will not be easy work.
The hardest part of the way is in front of us.
The difficulty of a task is no reason for passivity and doing nothing.
Each of us needs to fully exploit his potential.
My second child doesn't like school as much as the first one.
We know what needs to be done.
The journey is long. The journey is hard.
So let us begin.
He is learning French in order to earn more money.
This sentence no verb.
Would banning English in Parliament foster or damage India's democracy?
What need you care, Sir, whose dunghill you shit on!
Let's predrink at home before going to the club, because I would like to save some money.
The world is not endangered because of people who are evil, but because of those who permit evil.
I am happy to help.
I still don't have confidence in English.
I want to have more confidence.
I think Tom is really a good guy.
She is working at school.
Do you know where to put everything?
Too bad I wasted so much money.
I regret spending so much money.
I'm sorry I wasted so much money.
May I present my wife to you?
May I introduce you to my wife?
The trendy word of the year was "digital": digital clocks, digital microwave ovens, even digital fountain pens.
Let's go when you're ready.
Mary didn't suffer from dizziness.
Mary didn't suffer from vertigo.
I'm on the way to the store.
She weighs more than he does.
I don't translate sentences about Tom, Mary and Boston, unless they're caricatural.
The forest is full of trees.
Dr. Patterson, a psychologist, tested Koko's intelligence.
All your efforts were in vain.
There was a thick fog.
He can rest.
He's so annoying!
He came to look for trouble.
He came to cause trouble.
My friends urged me to write my memoirs.
Everyone agreed with my decision.
Keep it under guard.
I'm not going to show you how to do it.
You've touched my heart.
You tortured a prisoner.
He reached that shelf.
Those trees hide the landscape.
We need to decide today.
We should decide today.
It's very important to us.
Tom has been a naughty boy.
Tom didn't act like a normal boy.
Tom isn't like other boys.
Tom bought Mary an expensive bracelet.
Tom gave Mary a gold bracelet.
Tom is trying to be brave.
Tom is quite brave.
That was very brave.
Tom forgot to buy bread.
We still need to buy some bread.
Tom reminded me to stop at the supermarket and buy some bread.
I never get a break.
I think we need to take a break.
Where did Tom go for spring break?
Tom showers every morning before breakfast.
Tom had an early breakfast.
Guess what I had for breakfast.
I took a deep breath.
Tom was out of breath.
Tom couldn't breathe.
Tom is having difficulty breathing.
Tom has been having difficulty breathing.
Please be brief.
Tom keeps a gun in his briefcase.
Tom didn't know what was in the briefcase.
Tom doesn't like broccoli.
The chair is broken.
The glass is broken.
The handle is broken.
Tom's left arm is broken.
One of our windows is broken.
The curse was broken.
Tom's neck was broken.
Tom is my half-brother.
Tom didn't have a brother.
Tom looks like his brother.
Tom looks a lot like his brother.
Tom is different from his brother.
Tom's Mary's brother.
Isn't Tom your brother?
You're just like your brother.
Tom is a friend of my brother's.
You should go back to your brother's.
I just got a few bruises.
You look like a million bucks.
Tom owes me thirty bucks.
This is an old building.
There are no lights on in that building.
Tom went into the building.
Tom came out of the building.
Tom didn't enter the building.
Tom must be somewhere in the building.
Tom is somewhere in this building.
I'm not a bully.
Tom is going to be bummed.
Tom gave his daughter a stuffed bunny.
Tom did time for burglary.
Tom has got money to burn.
Tom ran to catch the bus.
Tom was late for the bus.
Tom was the first one on the bus.
Tom was in a hurry to catch the bus.
Tom doesn't like riding buses.
Tom crouched in the bushes.
It's none of my business.
Tom went there on business.
Tom came to Boston on business.
Tom is in the publishing business.
Tom took over the business.
I've got urgent business.
We're here on urgent business.
Tom is a successful businessman.
Tom dreamed of becoming a successful businessman.
Tom is only pretending to be busy.
Tom may have been busy.
Tom tried to look busy.
Tom is pretty busy.
Tom looks pretty busy.
Tom looked quite busy.
Tom looked really busy.
Tom never seems busy.
You told me that you were busy.
Why didn't you just say you were busy?
What exactly do you want me to buy?
What kind of cookies did you buy?
Tom lives close by.
Tom lives quite close by.
Tom might still be close by.
Tom is just trying to get by.
I do as little as I can to get by.
Why did you stop by?
Tom has gone back to the cabin.
Do you know the way back to the cabin?
Tom baked me a cake.
Tom baked Mary a cake.
Tom tasted the cake.
Tom is doing some calculations.
Tom opened the drawer to get a calculator.
Check the calendar.
If anything goes wrong, give me a call.
Tom is just wrapping up a phone call.
Tom will be waiting for your call.
Tom was out when I called.
What did Tom say when he called?
Does Tom know what they're called?
Tom hasn't returned any of my calls.
Tom made a few phone calls.
What do I do if Tom calls?
What should I do if Tom calls?
Tom tried to appear calm.
Tom was trying to appear calm.
Tom seems to be calm.
Tom tried to look calm.
Tom was trying to look calm.
Tom found it hard to remain calm.
Tom waited until Mary came.
We've installed several security cameras.
Tom lives off campus.
Tom can't run as fast as I can.
I'm here to help in any way I can.
Tom can swim almost as fast as I can.
Tom can swim much further than I can.
Tom can play the piano better than I can.
Tom has done all he can.
Tom does the best he can.
Tom is doing the best he can.
Tom is doing everything he can.
We need to help Tom as much as we can.
We should get out of here as fast as we can.
Leave while you can.
Call me when you can.
Get out of here while you can.
Please get here as quickly as you can.
You should get back home as soon as you can.
Tom is married to a Canadian.
Tom must be Canadian.
Why are you so sure Tom is Canadian?
What makes you think that Tom is Canadian?
They claim they're Canadians.
It could be cancer.
Tom died of stomach cancer.
Tom stepped into the candlelight.
Tom bought Mary some candy.
Tom was leaning on a cane.
Tom can no longer walk without a cane.
Tom doesn't usually need to use a cane.
Tom was chosen captain.
Tom got hit by a car.
Tom was hit by a car.
Tom doesn't know you have a car.
Tom's dog was run over by a car.
Tom is learning how to drive a car.
Tom came very near being hit by a car.
Tom went to school by car.
Tom got back in his car.
Tom jumped out of his car.
Tom is going to paint his car.
Tom would never let me drive his car.
Tom is lying down in the back seat of his car.
You're welcome to borrow my car.
Tom asked me if he could borrow my car.
You said you were going to buy a new car.
You know as well as I do that we can't afford to buy that kind of car.
Am I the only one who thinks it's a bad idea to buy Tom's old car?
Tom has made up his mind to buy that car.
Tom unloaded the car.
Tom is loading the car.
Tom is washing the car.
Tom got back in the car.
Tom is still in the car.
Tom got back into the car.
Tom is waiting in the car.
Tom locked his keys in the car.
Tom quickly got out of the car.
I found out what's wrong with the car.
Isn't Tom supposed to be helping Mary wash the car?
Tom looked under the car to see if there was any oil on the pavement under the car.
There was a woman in the passenger seat of Tom's car.
Tom advised Mary not to buy a used car.
Why did you sell your car?
Get back in your car.
You need to buy new tires for your car.
Tom handed Mary his business card.
Tom doesn't have a gold credit card.
Tom likes to play cards.
Tom is acting like he doesn't care.
Tom is in intensive care.
Why should you care?
At least try and be careful.
Tom advised Mary to be more careful.
Tom is going to hurt himself if he's not a little more careful.
Tom is going to get killed if he's not careful.
Tom is very careful.
Tom isn't very careful.
Tom is being very careful.
Tom was careful.
Tom did the work carefully.
Tom is extremely careless.
Tom is quite careless.
Tom seems careless.
Tom is very careless.
Tom was careless.
Tom got a job as a carpenter.
Tom has started working as a carpenter.
Tom does own a lot of cars.
Tom watched a cartoon.
Tom is always running short of cash.
Tom was carrying a briefcase full of cash.
Tom is looking for his cat.
You've got a plane to catch.
Tom hates cats.
Tom played with his cats.
Look what I caught.
Tom never got caught.
Tom is extremely cautious.
Tom told me that he found this in a cave.
Tom has gone into the cave.
Tom went back into the cave.
Tom came back out of the cave.
Tom looked nervously around the cave.
There are three men trapped in the cave.
They live in caves.
Tom is looking at the ceiling.
Tom pulled out his cellphone.
Tom is calling from his cellphone.
Tom is extremely self-centered.
Tom closed the book and put it on the small table next to his chair.
Tom was leaning on the back of the chair.
Tom is drawing on the wall with white chalk.
Tom accepted my challenge.
Tom is going to be the champ.
Tom handed Mary a glass of champagne.
Tom is likely to win the championship.
We never had a chance.
You have to take a chance.
Tom may still have a chance.
Tom might still have a chance.
Do you still think you have a chance?
You've got to get out of here while you've still got a chance.
It was my last chance.
We never had the chance.
Tom said he didn't want to take any chances.
Tom takes too many chances.
Tom is making sense for a change.
Why not try listening for a change?
There's no change.
Do you want to change?
Do you really want to change?
It's all been changed.
Tom is going to make some changes.
Tom is a strange character.
The boss put me in charge.
Tom is going to be in charge.
Tom is still officially in charge.
Tom has decided not to press charges.
Tom isn't charismatic.
Tom is very charismatic.
Tom gave Mary a quick peck on the cheek.
Tom seems cheerful.
Tom is majoring in chemistry.
Tom has gotten pretty good at chess.
You used to love chess.
Tom bragged about how well he could play chess.
Tom has a hairy chest.
Tom is either in Boston or in Chicago.
Tom plucked the chicken.
Tom is just a child.
Tom is only a child.
Tom is no longer a child.
Tom treats me like a child.
Tom is their only child.
Tom was a troubled child.
Tom had a happy childhood.
Tom left his children.
Tom did it for his children.
Tom is devoted to his children.
Tom went to the zoo with his children.
Tom has always done what's best for his children.
Tom has no children.
Tom is married with three children.
Tom is great with children.
Tom is good at dealing with children.
Tom has a double chin.
Tom and Mary are watching TV and eating potato chips.
You don't even like chocolate.
Did I have a choice?
Was there ever a choice?
We may not have a choice.
We might not have a choice.
We don't have much of a choice.
Tom doesn't have much of a choice.
Tom is faced with a difficult choice.
Tom was faced with a difficult choice.
There's really no choice.
Tom knew he had no choice.
Tom makes his own choices.
The question is which one should I choose.
I have a right to choose.
Tom didn't know which one to choose.
Tom is likely to be chosen.
Tom gave me a harmonica for Christmas.
Tom is a bit chubby.
Tom took off his hat as he entered the church.
Tom rarely goes to church.
Tom seldom goes to church.
Tom is married to a Canadian citizen.
Tom lives outside the city.
Tom is living outside the city.
Can I give you a ride back to the city?
Tom asked me if I knew how to play the clarinet.
Tom is in my acting class.
Meet me after class.
Tom is always late for class.
Tom is going to be late for class.
Are you saying there's still a chance Tom will graduate with the rest of his class?
Tom is in my class.
Tom is by far the smartest kid in our class.
Tom was always at the top of the class.
Tom is sitting in the very back of the classroom.
The house is clean.
Tom has made his feelings clear.
You made that perfectly clear.
Am I making myself perfectly clear?
Tom made that quite clear.
Tom has made that quite clear.
Tom is really clever.
Tom is very clever.
Tom isn't very clever.
Tom is holding a clipboard.
Tom looked up at the clock.
You're standing a little close.
It was pretty close.
The bank is closed.
The store is closed.
The matter is closed.
Could you move just a little closer?
Tom is cleaning out his closet.
Tom is hiding in the closet.
Tom doesn't have a key to the closet.
Tom was fully clothed.
Tom always wears fashionable clothes.
Tom took off all his clothes.
Tom has taken off all his clothes.
Tom is looking through his clothes.
Tom needs to wash clothes.
Tom was beaten to death with a golf club.
Tom is going to join our club.
Tom used to be a member of our club.
Tom decided to see if he could get into that club.
Tom has been barred from this club.
Tom is very clumsy.
Get your hat and coat.
Tom is addicted to cocaine.
What's Tom's favorite cocktail?
Tom invited me over for coffee.
This is good coffee.
Let's go grab a cup of coffee.
Tom is getting a cup of coffee.
Tom just wants a muffin and a cup of coffee.
Tom invited the gardener in for a cup of coffee.
Make me some coffee.
Tom flipped the coin.
Tom picked up the coin.
Tom bent down and picked up the coin.
Do you think that's a coincidence?
Tom gave me some old coins.
Tom is drinking a diet cola.
Tom has caught a cold.
I sure hope I don't catch a cold.
Tom was really cold.
The water's cold.
Tom is an avid art collector.
Tom has just graduated from college.
Tom is fresh out of college.
Where did Tom go to college?
What's Tom's favorite color?
Tom is in some sort of coma.
I hope Tom hasn't changed the combination.
Tom shouldn't have come.
Tom promised me he'd come.
Tom says he'll come.
Tom should've come.
Tom needs to come.
Tom is sure to come.
Tom is likely to come.
Tom wanted me to come.
Tom didn't need to come.
Tom didn't want to come.
Tom still wants to come.
Tom was supposed to come.
Tom is very likely to come.
Tom might not want to come.
Tom doesn't want us to come.
I love the scenery viewable from the Shinkansen.
I love the scenery you can see from the bullet train.
I love the view from the Shinkansen.
Tom went blind after looking at the laser inside his mouse for too long.
Tom works at a winery.
I never would have guessed.
I never would've guessed.
I don't work there anymore.
I could have you arrested.
A messenger follows a stone.
For your undesecratable deeds.
The snow melts in spring.
He is gone.
She is gone.
I wish I could speak French better.
I wish I could speak French as well as you.
I speak almost no French.
I'm just not very good at French.
I hardly speak French at all.
I don't speak French very well.
The volunteers help the professionals.
You - you alone will have the stars as no one else has them...In one of the stars I shall be living. In one of them I shall be laughing. And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing, when you look at the sky at night...You - only you - will have stars that can laugh.
How's your blog going?
John, you’re a soldier, and it’s gonna take you a while to adjust to civilian life.
Nothing happens to me.
Well, don’t commit suicide.
Wrong!
We are all as safe as we want to be.
He’s making us look like idiots.
I can’t afford London on an Army pension.
Couldn’t Harry help?
Who’d want me for a flatmate?
We’ll start with the riding crop.
You weren’t wearing lipstick before.
Sorry, you were saying?
I was wondering if you'd like to have coffee.
Mike, can I borrow your phone?
I prefer to text.
It wasn't working for me.
How do you feel about the violin?
Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end.
Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.
We’ve only just met and we’re gonna go look at a flat?
The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is B Baker Street.
Mrs Hudson, the landlady, she’s giving me a special deal.
That's a skull.
Oh, Sherlock, the mess you’ve made.
I looked you up on the internet last night.
Who’s on forensics?
I’m your landlady, dear, not your housekeeper.
I’m a consulting detective.
How can you possibly know about the drinking?
The police don’t consult amateurs.
That's not what people normally say.
Did I get anything wrong?
I'm not implying anything.
You were thinking.
A three year-old boy and an year-old woman have been rescued after being burried under rubble.
Are you Canadian?
The soldiers distribute food to the refugees.
You're boring me!
Honestly, I also want to learn Japanese.
Please, do come in. The door is open.
Don't worry, I will protect her.
Well, no one invited me.
You are speaking a bit too fast for me. Could you please speak more slowly?
The phone was off the hook.
Welcome to Hell!
Many children are playing on the beach.
Does a psychiatrist need a psychiatrist?
The children need to go to bed immediately.
He's a nationalist.
On the beach, I can spend time with friends.
This reminds me of you.
This makes me think of you.
Do you know how to whistle?
Tom wrote a sonata.
What's the minimum salary in Sierra Leone?
He behaved like a father to me.
He acted like a father to me.
My watch is made of gold.
Milk is for babies. When you grow up, you have to drink beer.
Tom isn't very likely to come.
Tom might not be able to come.
We only just found out ourselves that Tom wasn't planning to come.
Tom says he won't come.
Tom probably won't come.
Tom is always reading comics.
Tom thanked me for coming.
Are you sure Tom is coming?
Tom is definitely not coming.
I didn't see this coming.
Tom said he knew I was coming.
Tom is a member of the committee.
Tom isn't very communicative.
Tom has a thirty percent interest in the company.
Tom Jackson doesn't run this company.
Tom was compassionate.
Tom isn't competent.
Tom seems competent.
Tom was competent.
Tom took part in the competition.
Tom isn't competitive.
Tom is very competitive.
Tom was competitive.
Tom is always complaining.
Tom is constantly complaining.
Tom is fed up with Mary's complaining.
Tom is going to make a complaint.
I'm sorry, Tom, I didn't mean that to sound like a complaint.
Things are complicated.
Tom set his glasses down on the desk next to his computer.
Tom seems conceited.
Tom is very conceited.
We're a little concerned.
That was a good concert.
Tom didn't like the concert.
Tom is going to the concert.
Tom has got a severe concussion.
Tom is in good physical condition.
Tom isn't going to confess.
Tom has a lot of confidence.
Tom is quite confident.
Tom was confident.
Tom is a bit confused.
Tom looks utterly confused.
It's all very confusing.
Tom has no conscience.
Tom seems conscientious.
Tom was conscientious.
Tom seems conservative.
Tom is very considerate.
Tom was considerate.
Our website is still under construction.
Tom's new house is still under construction.
Tom seems contented.
Tom is very contented.
Tom was contented.
Tom never was contented.
Tom doesn't like to be contradicted.
Tom handed Mary the remote control.
Tom has got it under control.
Tom has everything under control.
Tom is easily controlled.
Tom interrupted our conversation.
Tom is not a good cook.
Tom has been writing a cookbook.
Tom has begun writing a cookbook.
Do I smell cookies?
Tom baked some cookies.
Tom loved your cookies.
Tom is in the kitchen cooking.
Tom's favorite thing was cooking.
Tom's favorite thing to do was cooking.
Tom tried to act cool.
Tom is trying to be cool.
This place is cool.
You'll get my full cooperation.
You've got my full cooperation.
Tom has been extremely cooperative.
Were you cooperative?
Tom isn't very coordinated.
Tom is going to call the cops.
This isn't the only copy.
Tom believes that's correct.
Am I pronouncing your name correctly?
What's the cost?
Tom is lying on the couch.
Tom doesn't mind sleeping on the couch.
I'd do it if I could.
Tom did the only thing he could.
Am I supposed to believe that you did the best you could?
Tom put his mug of beer on the counter.
Tom lives in the country.
Tom is moving across the country.
Tom is quite courageous.
Tom was very courageous.
Tom was courageous.
Tom is quite courteous.
Tom seems courteous.
Tom was courteous.
Were you courteous?
Tom is not my cousin.
Tom isn't my boyfriend. He's my cousin.
Tom is a bit of a coward.
Tom is a crackpot.
I hope Tom doesn't get cranky.
Tom died three weeks after the crash.
Tom was the only survivor of the crash.
I found out why my computer keeps crashing.
Are you both crazy?
Tom is quite crazy.
Do you want some ice cream?
Tom is extremely creative.
Tom isn't creative.
Tom isn't very creative.
Tom isn't credible.
This house is creepy.
This is very creepy.
Tom is not a criminal.
Tom's condition is still critical.
Tom looked out at the crowd.
The bar is crowded.
Why do you always have to be so cruel?
Tom looks like he might cry.
Tom tried not to cry.
Tom is doing his best not to cry.
Tom dropped his coffee cup.
Tom handed Mary a paper cup.
Aren't you at least curious?
Tom hid behind the shower curtain.
Tom is really cute.
Tom looked really cute.
Tom said I was cute.
You're going to make a great dad.
Tom became a car salesman, just like his dad.
There's no damage.
There's no permanent damage.
Tom's hair is still damp.
Tom began to dance.
Tom loves to dance.
Tom wanted to dance.
Tom is just not good at dancing.
Tom is just not very good at dancing.
Tom is afraid to go out after dark.
The office is dark.
Tom's office is dark.
Tom was alone in the dark.
Tom was hit by a tranquilizer dart.
Tom asked me out on a date.
Tom brought me here on our first date.
This is a fun date.
Tom will bring you up to date.
Tom had always wanted a daughter.
Your son is dating my daughter.
Where's Tom been all day?
Tom has been driving all day.
Tom has been singing all day.
Tom has been working all day.
Tom has been restless all day.
Tom has been sleeping all day.
Tom is going to be here all day.
Tom has been looking for this all day.
Tom has been talking about you all day.
Tom is getting better day by day.
Tom cooks for Mary every day.
Tom takes a shower every day.
Tom washes his hair every day.
This is my first day.
Tom came to see me the other day.
What a perfect day!
Tom has gone for the day.
Tom should be here by the end of the day.
Tom hasn't seen Mary since Valentine's Day.
Tom seems to be daydreaming.
We'll be here for only a few days.
Where's Tom been the last few days?
We'll be in Boston for just a few days.
Tom hasn't been himself the last few days.
Tom said he'd only be gone for a few days.
We'll be here for three more days.
I'm working with Tom these days.
Tom is leaving in three days.
Tom has been gone for three days.
Tom has been here for three days.
Tom has only been gone three days.
Tom has only been there three days.
Tom has been missing for three days.
Tom has been unconscious for three days.
Tom has been in the hospital for three days.
Tom may already be dead.
Tom was given up for dead.
The captain is dead.
Tom is going deaf.
Tom offered me a very sweet deal.
Tom believes in life after death.
Tom narrowly escaped death.
Tom has been stabbed to death.
Tom is drowning in debt.
That's not for me to decide.
Tom had to make a decision.
Tom has made his decision.
Tom made a quick decision.
The question is who's going to make the decision.
Tom makes his own decisions.
Tom needs to make some decisions.
Tom has got to make some decisions.
Tom isn't decisive.
Tom came to my defense.
Why is Tom being so defensive?
Tom used to be demanding.
Am I too demanding?
Tom was demanding.
Tom is married to a dentist.
Tom went to the dentist.
Tom used to be dependable.
Tom seems to be dependable.
Tom isn't dependable.
Tom is quite dependable.
Tom seems dependable.
Tom is very dependable.
Tom isn't very dependable.
Tom was dependable.
Tom never was dependable.
Tom is very depressed.
Tom hopes to become a fashion designer.
Tom used to work as a fashion designer.
Tom wanted to become a graphic designer.
Tom is an interior designer.
There's a package for Tom on my desk.
I put the dictionary back on Tom's desk.
There's a stack of comic books on Tom's desk.
Tom is the type of person who doesn't usually worry about details.
You don't have to know all the details.
You don't need to know all the details.
Tom is a private detective.
Tom was determined.
Tom is going to be devastated.
Tom is going to be so devastated.
Tom was devious.
Tom stole the diamond.
Tom never told Mary where he hid the stolen diamonds.
Just do what I did.
I'm glad I did what I did.
Tom got there before I did.
You don't even know what I did.
Tom would've done the same thing I did.
Tom couldn't understand why I did what I did.
Tom is going to be punished for what he did.
Tom must've had a good reason for what he did.
Tom hadn't planned on kissing Mary, but he did.
Tom isn't the sort of guy who would do what you say he did.
Tom left right after Mary did.
Tom left right before Mary did.
You don't know what Tom did.
What exactly is it you think Tom did?
I'm glad we did what we did.
Do you want to hear about what we did?
Maybe we shouldn't have done what we did.
It's only a matter of time before Tom runs into the same trouble we did.
If Tom didn't do it, then who did?
Look at what you did.
Do you think I don't know what you did?
Tom isn't going to die.
Tom isn't afraid to die.
Tom wasn't afraid to die.
Tom died three days after Mary died.
Tom has been depressed ever since Mary died.
Tom was always different.
Tom wants to be different.
You always have to be different.
Am I so different?
That may be difficult.
Tom was aware that the job would be difficult.
Tom is being rather difficult.
Tom grabbed one of the shovels and started digging.
Tom studied after dinner.
Tom made us do our homework before dinner.
Tom usually does his homework before dinner.
Tom is in the kitchen cooking dinner.
Tom has already eaten dinner.
Tom is coming over for dinner.
Tom invited me over for dinner.
Tom insisted on paying for dinner.
Tom needs to get ready for dinner.
Tom arrived just in time for dinner.
Tom has got to get ready for dinner.
Tom invited Mary to his home for dinner.
Tom often invites me to his house for dinner.
What a great dinner!
Tom didn't finish his dinner.
Tom is in the kitchen making dinner.
Let's talk about it over dinner.
Tom asked us to dinner.
Tom invited me to dinner.
Why don't we invite Tom to dinner?
Tom is going to be disappointed.
Tom came home disappointed.
Tom is discontented.
Tom seems discontented.
Tom was discontented.
You may not like what you discover.
Tom is very discreet.
Tom isn't dishonest.
Tom has been disobedient.
Tom was disobedient.
Were you disobedient?
Tom is extremely disorganized.
Tom is quite disorganized.
Tom is very disorganized.
Tom was disrespectful.
Tom seems to be dissatisfied.
Tom is easily distracted.
Tom seems a little distracted.
Tom was distracted.
Tom knows how to dive.
Tom is good at diving.
Tom is asking me for a divorce.
Are you still dizzy?
So what should I do?
Tom runs faster than I do.
Tom doesn't know what I do.
Tom has a nicer car than I do.
You deserve it more than I do.
You know Tom better than I do.
Tom does that faster than I do.
Tom earns three times what I do.
Tom has a nicer house than I do.
Tom has more homework than I do.
Tom has a nicer office than I do.
Tom goes to the same school as I do.
You don't know them as well as I do.
Tom doesn't know you as well as I do.
You think I know more than what I do.
I know a lot more than you think I do.
Tom earns three times as much as I do.
You think you know more than what I do.
Tom doesn't have as many friends as I do.
Tom has more money in the bank than I do.
Tom knows a lot more about that than I do.
You don't know as much about this as I do.
You don't know how to drive as well as I do.
You probably don't have as much time as I do.
You probably don't have as much money as I do.
You don't know how to speak French as well as I do.
Let me show you what I can do.
Tom did the only thing he could do.
What good would it do?
What harm could it do?
You don't know what Tom might do.
Tom still isn't sure what he should do.
Do you want me to tell you what I think you should do?
Tom asked me to do something I knew I shouldn't do.
What good would that do?
What should they do?
What else can they do?
Tom told us what to do.
We all have jobs to do.
You've got a job to do.
I haven't been able to get a smile out of Tom.
We really have a lot to do.
I've got better things to do.
It was the moral thing to do.
I'll do whatever I have to do.
I'll do whatever I need to do.
That's not what we have to do.
This is the right thing to do.
Tom has things he needs to do.
What else does Tom have to do?
Tom had things he needed to do.
You've got better things to do.
Tom still isn't sure what to do.
Tom didn't really know what to do.
Tom doesn't quite know what to do.
Tom has got some explaining to do.
Tom has got things he needs to do.
We really have a great deal to do.
Tom didn't know exactly what to do.
Tom doesn't seem to know what to do.
Tom has no idea what I intend to do.
Tom said he had better things to do.
That wasn't what I had planned to do.
I'll do whatever Tom asks of me to do.
What kind of things do you like to do?
You don't even know what I want to do.
You don't know what I was going to do.
Tom is going to do what he's got to do.
Tom said he had things he needed to do.
You'd better do what Tom told you to do.
That probably wouldn't be too hard to do.
The question is what are you going to do.
Tom needs to do what I've told him to do.
You've got to do what Tom told you to do.
Tom has done more than we asked him to do.
Tom looks like he doesn't know what to do.
Tom made me do things I didn't want to do.
Why not just do what you were asked to do?
We're doing exactly what Tom asked us to do.
Tom has finally done what we asked him to do.
I wanted to know what would happen.
I wanted to see what would happen.
I didn't know what it was at the time.
That's a really cool trick!
I used to do that, but I don't do it anymore.
Tom wrote an article about it in the school newspaper.
It was pretty obvious.
It's pretty obvious that he loves her.
It's pretty obvious that she loves him.
Tom kept his illness a secret.
Tom kissed a girl and danced with her all night.
This company allows its workers to work from home.
The rich are getting richer.
The poor are getting poorer.
Tom bought Mary a crocodile skin handbag.
Many people spend more than they earn.
You gotta be making this up.
You've got to be making this up.
Mary is one of my favorite authors.
These cows look bored.
We all cried when we watched the movie.
What kind of game are you playing?
What kind of game are you playing, Tom?
Yeah, there was some sort of reply from them.
Nothing is more wretched than a man who traverses everything in a round, and pries into the things beneath the earth, as the poet says, and seeks by conjecture what is in the minds of his neighbours, without perceiving that it is sufficient to attend to the demon within him, and to reverence it sincerely.
It's my life!
Is Esperanto a joke, or a serious option?
Why the hell not?
Why can't you?
Why don't you?
I knew that would happen.
It's an error in judgment.
I found the photo you were looking for.
I didn't let them know.
I didn't tell them.
I didn't inform them.
Everyone rushed outside.
Everyone hurried outside.
Everyone ran outside.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when you speak English.
"Why didn't you eat?" "I didn't eat because I wasn't hungry."
"Why didn't you sleep?" "I didn't sleep because I wasn't sleepy."
What were you dreaming about when I woke you?
He sharpened the knives.
Is death the only liberation?
I'll coat the wall with plaster.
The world is at a low point.
The world finds itself at a low point.
I can't stand them.
"Is that Mary's umbrella?" "Yes, that's her umbrella."
Aside from Tom, I don't know anyone there.
Find out whether Tom has relatives in Boston.
Tom has already done everything we asked him to do.
Tom almost never does what he says he's going to do.
Tom has no choice but to do what he's been told to do.
Tom is never going to do what you're asking him to do.
Sometimes we just have to do things we don't want to do.
Tom can no longer do the things he used to be able to do.
Tom has made up his mind to do what Mary asked him to do.
Sometimes you just have to do things you don't want to do.
We're still waiting for Tom to do what we asked him to do.
The question is can you do everything we've asked you to do.
We're still waiting for Tom to do what he's been asked to do.
I hope Tom isn't pressuring you to do anything you don't want to do.
Am I correct in assuming you've finished doing what we asked you to do?
Why don't you just say you don't want to do what they're asking you to do?
Tom did everything he could to stop Mary from doing what she was planning to do.
What else can Tom do?
What more can Tom do?
What exactly does Tom do?
What more can we do?
