Can I talk to Tom?
Can I go with Tom?
Can I call you Tom?
Call me when you get to Boston.
Brace yourself.
Both Tom and Mary laughed.
Both of us are from Boston.
Boston was where it all began.
Boston must be cold now.
Boston is worth visiting more than once.
Boston is the place to be, right?
Boston is on my list of places that I'd like to visit.
Boston is lovely this time of the year.
Boston is just one of the cities I visited last year.
Boston is a wonderful place.
Boston is a great place to live.
Because of the snow storm, Tom was stuck in Boston.
Ask Tom how Mary is.
Aren't you going to be in Boston this summer?
Are you really going to Boston?
Are you really going to Boston to study art?
Are you planning on staying in Boston for a long time?
Are you leaving Boston?
Are you going to leave Boston?
Are you going to go to Boston next week?
Are you from Boston?
Are you coming to Boston this weekend?
Are you absolutely certain about this?
Are these the pictures that you took in Boston?
Are there a lot of tall buildings in Boston?
Apparently, Tom hasn't yet told Mary what happened.
All Tom wanted was eight hours of uninterrupted sleep.
All things considered, I'd rather be in Boston.
How much is it for one person?
How much does it cost for one person?
May I hold your hand?
Can I hold your hand?
Is it OK if I hold your hand?
Tom will make fewer mistakes once he gets to know the ropes.
What is she dancing to?
What are they dancing to?
The number you have called is not in service.
We're sorry. The number you have reached is not in service.
I'm sorry I disappointed you.
When do the fireworks start?
It's like the author's reading my mind.
Mary's husband is rich.
I'm interested in improving my French.
I’m getting a error.
An adult aardvark can weigh up to kilograms.
What beautiful teeth you have!
You have a sense of humour. I like that.
I'm sorry if this comes as a shock, but I don't care what you think.
How long would it take to get there by bus?
How long would it take me to get there by bus?
A good translator is one who, akin to a worm, can squirm with delight around in the author's brain mass, and leave through the tongue to have its taste impressions confirmed, and then leave well-formed traces on paper line after line, sheet after sheet, until the last page is done — and he once again returns to his former self, and as a member of the smallest and least respected low-salary group, signs up yet again to exert his effort for God's representative on earth, the publishers.
The shadows grew long and it was time to call it a day and head home.
Hydration is critically important in hot weather.
I don't understand why she is acting so crazy.
I'm going to do some shopping.
Why can't people hibernate?
I make euros a day.
He showed no emotion hearing the bad news.
If so, what can we do about it? Do you want to make a proposal?
Eating always carries the risk of getting sick from the food.
The forest path was completely covered with snow.
She is reliable, polite and knowledgeable.
He asked us to bring him a television and a fridge.
I'm now sitting at my computer.
I'm not worried about you, Tom. I'm worried about Mary.
I'm not worried about Tom. I'm worried about you, Mary.
In autumn the migratory birds fly south.
Some incidents from my childhood are crystal clear, others are just a dim memory.
Is it the truth?
Life is full of secrets.
I'm so sick of being sweaty.
I'll be flying to Germany.
"Drawing up a loop" is done in preparation to do the next part of the pattern directions.
I'm sure this information can be conveyed in writing.
We think, dream and remember in pictures and carry within us a large internal archive.
I'm dangerous.
Tom said he liked the new carpet.
There are tough penalties for motorists who choose to ignore speed restrictions in school zones.
Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace.
This picture is from three years ago.
This picture was taken three years ago.
This is a picture of me when I was three years old.
Come to Romania again.
This is a picture of what my car looked like before I had it painted.
Her predictions have come true.
I need hugs.
Is there any milk left?
A friend deceived her.
Three teas and two coffees, please!
I can't wait for that to happen.
I trust you're well.
Discussions were held debating the merits of appointing a provisional government to serve until formal elections could take place.
Tom's business was awarded the contract to provision a team of scientists for their polar expedition.
Common law is derived from judicial decisions, constitutional law from the constitution of the state or country, and statutory law from the enactments passed by a legislature.
Tom asked the clerk if he could get an extension to submit his application after the normal deadline, but the clerk replied the deadline was calculated from the statutory period, spelled out in legislation, that neither the clerk nor his supervisors could override.
Tom's parents were greatly upset by his conversion to a different religious faith.
The conversion of Tom's car engine to run on leftover cooking oil has left its exhaust smelling a little like French fries.
Tom's wife was notably absent from his birthday party, so it seems rumors of their estrangement are likely true.
According to the published crime statistics, that part of town is notably safer than the surrounding neighborhoods.
The parents in this community have banded together to support their schools, with the end result being notably higher student test scores and graduation rates.
Tom put his organizational skills to use and soon the office was running smoothly.
Though well-intentioned, the organizational methodology that was utilized for the scientific study had some serious built-in flaws, which then produced some unexpected results.
Each member of the city council received an annual allocation of discretionary funds which could be used to support special projects in their respective council districts.
The charitable food bank provided each of their registered needy families with an allocation of basic foodstuffs.
Scotland has been agitating for centuries to achieve greater autonomy from the British central government in London.
Pyramid scams depend on the recruitment of new investors to participate, but the numbers of people who must join to support the expanding pyramid grow so quickly that the pyramid inevitably collapses.
The police force launched a multimedia campaign and community outreach program to facilitate the recruitment of applicants from minority communities, so that the resultant force would better reflect the ethnic and cultural makeup of the population it serves.
Their multimedia campaign included commercials on television and radio, print advertisements in newspapers and magazines, online advertising on websites geared toward their target audience, as well as flyers posted and distributed throughout the community.
The screening of donated blood for the presence of various illnesses is expensive, but is also necessary to keep the blood supply as safe as possible.
Tom purchased several yards of screening from the hardware store to replace the old mesh in the window screens, since the mesh had become too frayed and torn to serve its purpose.
The eyewitnesses gave conflicting accounts of what they had seen.
Tom and Mary's conflicting political views resulted in near-constant arguments.
Indemnity insurance policies protect the insured person, or the insured person's own property.
Types of indemnity insurance include health insurance, disability insurance, fire insurance, and life insurance.
"Double Indemnity" is the title of a classic film noir, in which a philandering insurance salesman (Fred MacMurray) and a housewife (Barbara Stanwyck) plot to murder her husband, but to make it look like an accident, in order to collect on an insurance policy that will pay double the value in case of accidental death.
After Tom was punched in the face, the doctor ordered that two x-ray images be taken – a frontal view and a lateral view – to check for broken facial bones.
Tom's skill at climbing the corporate ladder is shown not only by his interoffice political maneuvering, but by the way he lays out his course of action with tactical precision.
Mary removed the band from her ponytail and allowed her hair to fall loosely about her neck.
Some of the seams of the dress were held together only loosely by basting stitches, pending the final fitting.
As people age, we find it disconcerting to realize that increasing amounts of our skin and more of our body parts are hanging loosely about ourselves.
Italian film director Federico Fellini was known to have used imagery from his dreams as inspiration for scenes in some of his films.
The careful use of evocative imagery is an important part of building a successful advertising campaign.
Tom was having trouble trying to find his best pair of cuff links.
I must start doing the exercises.
It is evident that the Earth is round.
I recommend that this sentence be deleted after two weeks, as long as there is no objection by then.
To know what is right and choose to ignore it is the act of a coward.
Don't laugh at his expense.
Why should he leave?
In most cases, their answers are right.
We sat in complete silence.
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the birds.
Tom was hoping to win the first prize.
Do any of you have a pencil?
Does anybody have a pencil?
Does everybody have a pencil?
If by any chance he should come, I want you to give him this document.
The children competed with each other for their mother's attention.
What will it take to bring him down?
Practice safe text, use commas and never miss a period.
A shy male student wanted to be excused from a class because he was too shy to be the only guy in the class.
The Sochi official mascots are The Polar Bear, The Hare, The Leopard and two aliens called The Snowflake and The Ray of Light.
I felt bad afterwards.
It's Tom's fault! He made me do it.
I spend most of my money on clothes, music, movies and going out with friends.
Who won the Superbowl?
The fear in your eyes betrays the lie on your tongue.
It was a hard slog for Mary to raise her two children as a single parent.
Tom was impeccably dressed and well prepared for his job interview with the finance company.
The audience were stomping, cheering and clapping.
Should she lose her keys, she will call me.
I'm sorry. I forgot.
There's no reason to be afraid.
Sochi has a subtropical climate and temperatures rarely fall below freezing.
The Winter Olympics will be held in Sochi, even though it's one of the only places in Russia where there is no snow in winter.
I've never met anybody like her.
I've never met anybody like him.
Can you fall in love with someone you have never met?
"Do you love me?" "I don't know."
How long did it take you to fall for each other?
I really like this guy.
It's so hot, I'm going to turn on the air conditioner.
Does he have feelings for me?
Things didn't go the way I planned.
He introduced me to all his friends.
He wants to kiss me. And I want to kiss him too.
What should I buy him for Valentine's Day?
We can talk for hours and it never gets dull.
Why is Tom so gloomy?
What'll grow in this soil?
We're snowed under by invitations.
Tom talked to me for a solid hour.
Tom seems to be a solid sort of person.
Tom sang in a soft voice.
Tom is too soft to be a good executive.
Tom came for the sole purpose of getting information.
This pillow is too soft for me.
This lamp gives off a soft light.
They're having a social at the church tonight.
The lake is frozen solid.
The ice is solid enough for skating.
The ground is too soft.
The doctor told Tom not to eat solids for a few days.
Thanks ever so much.
"That's not so!" "It certainly is so."
Some of you may disagree with me.
So far, I'm bored.
Not so much pepper, please.
My shoes need to be resoled.
It's all right now, and I hope it'll remain so.
Is the beam solid or hollow?
If you do that again, I'll sock you.
If I can do it, so can you.
I've told you so a hundred times.
I've been working for some time here.
I'm sure Tom will sober up by morning.
I'm not drunk. I'm as sober as a judge.
I want three pairs of socks.
I need some paper, pencils, ink and so on.
I need new soles on these shoes.
I expect to stay in Boston a day or so.
I arrived late, so I didn't hear everything.
"I want to go home." "So do I."
Don't let it get soiled.
Could I have some towels?
And so you think that's a good idea, huh?
You have a sense of humor. I like that.
As she was leaving me, she said that she would never forget me.
I would never have believed that such a thing could ever happen to me.
Love as if you've never been hurt.
We should love as if we've never been hurt.
I wouldn't accept this bribe.
I watched a flick.
Stop pretending to be someone else just to have someone in your life. The right people will like you as you are and the other ones won't last.
After my father took his last breath, I had to phone my aunt in Germany and when I told her that he died, she corrected me: he passed on.
Roses have thorns on their stems.
They are still living with their parents.
My father set the alarm for six o'clock.
I was like that when I was younger.
In the future everyone will be famous for fifteen minutes.
He had too much control over my life.
She is in Mallorca, sunbathing by the sea.
One such language is Esperanto.
An example of that kind of language is Esperanto.
Good language is that which manages to express a thought more clearly than how it was thought.
Make her move!
That is the fastest car.
Now that's what I'm looking for.
She wandered about the country.
Evenings by candle-light in Wroclaw.
Her face turned red with anger.
Do you have the letter with you?
I will drink a coffee and expose myself to the wind to fight drowsiness.
A pond is a little lake.
Many of my friends tried to live on their own but moved back home because of insufficient funds for their lifestyle.
If I were in my kitchen now, I could add salt and pepper to the mushrooms.
There are many reasons why it is sometimes advisable not to make one's investments directly.
Two Hungarians went out for a picnic. "I will bring food, you take care of the tent", said Laci to Tamás. "Fine", said Tamás. At the picnic, they had two tents, but both of them remained hungry.
Do you know anyone who can fly an airplane?
Who took my book that was on this table?
If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else.
People visiting inmates in the prison were instructed to keep their hands in plain view at all times.
Passers-by were confronted with a horrific scene after the high-speed accident.
What's the fuck ? It's precisely what the fuck is !
The fuck is whatever you think it is.
What does the fox say?
It's important to wear new shoes in, before going for a long walk or run in them.
Tom didn't break his new shoes in enough before the marathon, and got bad blisters on his feet.
We should come in.
The friction by the chalk on the black board made a disagreeable noise.
This is last month's magazine.
This is yesterday's newspaper. Where's today's?
This is yesterday's newspaper. Where's today's paper?
He has left for Kyushu.
You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
The game was postponed because of the bad weather.
If Lena had only sung in German, she would have won.
She sees your horse.
He sees your horse.
He will come later.
Is there a television set in your bedroom?
He knows my wife.
She knows my wife.
The word "ba'e" emphasizes the word that follows it, rather than what precedes it.
He taught his children Russian.
Soccer is the most popular sport in Brazil.
Mary can't come. She has to take care of her daughter.
She died yesterday.
They serenaded him in celebration of his 50. birthday.
You can't stop people from talking.
You can't keep people from talking.
We got held up by the roadworks and missed our flight.
I hope my dream comes true.
It's brutal.
He's brutal.
She's brutal.
He is out of his mind.
She has red spots all over her body.
Peter sent heartfelt wishes to his parents.
If you truly love your beard, you should let it grow!
Tom was ever so careful to be on his best behaviour when he met his future mother-in-law.
I woke from a nightmare.
The practice of sport is a human right. Every individual must have the possibility of practicing sport, without discrimination of any kind and in the Olympic spirit, which requires mutual understanding with a spirit of friendship, solidarity and fair play.
Konstantin Ernst was the creative director of the Sochi Winter Olympics opening ceremony.
The olympic cauldron was lit by the hockey goaler Vladislav Tretiak and figure skater Irina Rodnina.
Ladies and gentlemen, please stand for the national anthem of the Russian Federation performed by the Sretensky Monastery Choir.
You're in the right place.
Fine, who are you?
During the opening ceremony, the history of Russia was told through the dreams of a young girl named Lubov, which means "love".
The sexist lyrics of the song "Wives and Lovers" are, by today's standards, objectionable - to say the least.
Now, my boy, times have changed.
The model plane spiralled in ever-decreasing circles until it crashed into the ground.
After being injured on the job, Tom's initial plan to sue his employer was halted when he was informed that the same law that had required his employer to carry Worker's Compensation Insurance for its employees also defined Tom as a statutory employee, and thus he had no legal right to file a separate tort claim.
Many politicians are undergoing a conversion of conscience on the subject of marriage equality, which not coincidentally reflects a shift in public opinion overall.
The company owner had great faith in Tom's discretionary abilities, so he was granted the authority to exercise his own judgment in handling difficult and sensitive problems as he saw fit.
The court ruled that the mayor's decision to use public funds to make a loan to assist a local business, which shortly afterward declared bankruptcy, had been within the scope of the mayor's discretionary powers in the normal discharge of his duties.
Unfortunately there are few examples in history of nations who have learned anything from their own history.
What's happened, has happened. It's history.
There were at least people present.
At least people attended.
I miss this so much.
Your face is priceless.
Tom hits me.
I hope you feel better before tomorrow's festivities.
Thank you, Goddess, mother of the earth, for calling me again into the world.
Virtues! Who knows what virtues are? Not you. Not I. Not anyone.
That is why I don't sleep.
If the idea catches on, it could put an end to traffic jams.
This boy has been up all night.
Some people are beautiful.
Which book are you reading?
Tom wanted his children to learn French.
Tom knows Mary's husband.
Tom's wife doesn't know Mary's husband.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary's father.
I'm just telling you what I heard.
Tom introduced Mary to all his friends.
Tom introduced me to all his friends.
Tom wanted Mary to introduce him to all her friends.
Tom didn't fool me.
If Tom drops by, please give him this document.
What Tom predicted would happen has happened.
That's what I was looking for.
We are far more likely to be harmed by our fellow man than by our fellow animals, yet we call animals wild and dangerous and we call man advanced and civilised.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
I'll be flying to Boston.
Who can calculate the orbit of his own soul?
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Truth, in matters of religion, is simply the opinion that has survived.
What incredible memories!
I'm watching figure skating.
I want her to win.
I want him to win.
I want my country to win.
As Tom and Mary's one-year dating anniversary passed, Tom's mother began to be cautiously optimistic that a wedding might soon be in the offing.
Not a single creature on earth has more or less right to be here.
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture.
This sunlight linked me through the ages to that past consciousness.
Gambling: The sure way of getting nothing for something.
If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.
Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated.
Being a good actor isn't easy. Being a man is even harder. I want to be both before I'm done.
When an actor plays a scene exactly the way a director orders, it isn't acting. It's following instructions. Anyone with the physical qualifications can do that.
Being an actor is the loneliest thing in the world. You are all alone with your concentration and imagination, and that's all you have.
An actor must interpret life, and in order to do so must be willing to accept all the experiences life has to offer. In fact, he must seek out more of life than life puts at his feet.
I also became close to nature, and am now able to appreciate the beauty with which this world is endowed.
To me, acting is the most logical way for people's neuroses to manifest themselves, in this great need we all have to express ourselves.
There is no way to be truly great in this world. We are all impaled on the crook of conditioning.
The only greatness for man is immortality.
Studying cows, pigs and chickens can help an actor develop his character. There are a lot of things I learned from animals. One was that they couldn't hiss or boo me.
To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty; to interpret it his problem; and to express it his dedication.
To my way of thinking, an actor's course is set even before he's out of the cradle.
But you can't show some far off idyllic conception of behavior if you want the kids to come and see the picture. You've got to show what it's really like, and try to reach them on their own grounds.
I think the one thing this picture shows that's new is the psychological disproportion of the kids' demands on the parents. Parents are often at fault, but the kids have some work to do, too.
Freedom is the core of all human progress. It believes that nothing's given to us, but if you're willing to work hard. If you're willing to compete, the American dream is there for you.
As a dad, it's kind of exciting to see that your son follows what you believe in so strongly.
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.
I'm a straight shooter, and most of the time my ego doesn't interrupt my relationships.
I'm a T-shirt-and-jeans-with-combat-boots guy. And if I don't have to shave, I don't.
My family is full of musicians, and a couple of times a year we get together and jam at my cousin's studio. We improvise and have a great time.
My parents would have loved it if my brother or I had become a doctor or lawyer.
For me, I think there's a lot more room in cable television to tell broader stories. NBC and the networks, they're all very mainstream, and they're a little more conservative in how they approach storytelling.
I grew up in New York till I was 5, and I remember going to see 'Annie' and some musicals as a kid, and I remember my parents being somewhat okay with us watching 'Rocky Horror Picture Show,' which, it boggles my mind that they allowed me to watch it.
I think if you're artistic in any way, you're probably born with it. I guess it's a talent that can be learned here and there, but I think the instinct to tell a story or to create something happens maybe in the womb.
Ole Einar Bjoerndalen from Norway won the biathlon 10km sprint.
Norway's Marit Bjørgen won the 15km women's skiathlon.
Cross-country skiing is popular in Norway.
Two Canadian sisters, Chloe Dufour-Lapointe and Justine Dufour-Lapointe, won the gold and silver in the women's freestyle skiing moguls.
Ski jumping is a sport in which skiers go down a ramp, jump and try to land as far as possible.
Ski jumping is popular in Nordic countries and Central Europe.
Sage Kotsenburg won the first gold medal for the United States in the men's snowboard slopestyle.
The Netherlands swept the men's 5,000m speed skating at the Sochi Olympics.
Ski jumping looks scary.
Tom threw rocks at Mary's window in the middle of the night to get her attention, but he ended up breaking her window instead and Mary's father called the cops.
Tom grabbed a coffee and muffin on his way to work.
I just want to relax in the park and read a book.
The pandas are happy.
That's where I live.
You're my life and all that I want and need.
You're my teacher and my wife!
I just want to make you so happy!
You deserve to be so happy and I'll make you happy!
You deserve to be happy dear.
Everything is perfect because you exist.
You do not need to thank me because you deserve all the best.
Are you sleepy, honey?
If you want, we can talk later.
Pokemon is one of the best animes in the world.
My dog is also watching TV.
I just want to make you happy.
I just wanted to make you happy.
My worst trouble was getting away from home on the morning of starting. Mother and my sisters, of course, shed a few tears; but my father, stern and unbending in his manner, gave me his benediction in these words: "Thomas Moore, you're the third son to leave our roof, but your father's blessing goes with you. I left my own home beyond the sea before I was your age." And as they all stood at the gate, I climbed into my saddle and rode away, with a lump in my throat which left me speechless to reply.
The train was very crowded so I had to stand all the way to Ueno.
Since the train was very crowded, I had to stand all the way to Ueno.
The lake is completely frozen over.
We're going to stay at home today.
We'll be at home today.
He wants to work in a factory.
He doesn't want to work in a factory.
Can I work here?
I am in love with the son of my father's greatest enemy.
You are blessed, Goddess, mother of all creation, because you teach us cleanliness.
Society exists only as a mental concept; in the real world there are only individuals.
Who, being loved, is poor?
We went downstairs to have breakfast.
Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one's head, and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace.
Love is wonderful!
My birthday is coming up.
I think I should talk about this.
I think we should discuss this in private.
Let's get started!
Are you sure about it?
Tom takes trumpet lessons every Monday.
That's very ingenious.
Tom thinks Mary is beautiful.
Tom thinks there's something Mary isn't telling him.
Tom thinks you're cute.
Tom threw the letter into the wastebasket.
Tom told me Mary was emotionally unstable.
Tom kept his hand on the banister as he walked down the stairs.
Tom tried not to show his disappointment.
Tom turned down three dinner invitations last week.
Tom underlined what he thought was the most important word in the sentence.
Tom understands exactly what Mary wants him to do.
Tom understood exactly what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom didn't understand what Mary was talking about.
Tom carefully climbed up the rickety staircase.
Tom is a very well-respected astronomer.
We need to take that bus.
I saw the cook.
What did you say? I'm sorry, I was lost in thought.
This time it has to work.
He tried to overcome his scruples.
Most disagreements in a marriage result from the wife talking too much and the husband not listening enough.
Can you explain everything to me?
Police think the fire was deliberately lit.
He has a crush on Justin Trudeau.
The city is being blanketed again today by a thick pall of smoke from nearby bushfires.
After Mark has had a bit of a rest he gets up, has a wash, gets dressed and gets ready to go out.
Is she a girl or a woman?
I didn't understand the purpose of the question at all.
What time will you arrive in Boston, Tom?
Don't smoke in bed.
Please don't smoke in bed.
Smoking in bed is dangerous.
Tom was reported missing three months ago.
Tom was here yesterday morning, wasn't he?
Tom was in a bicycle accident.
Tom gave me investment advice.
Tom was trying to tell Mary something important, but she wasn't listening.
Tom isn't anything like the other boys.
Tom wasn't paying attention to what Mary was saying.
Tom wasn't really paying close attention.
Tom wasn't responsible for what happened.
Tom and Mary were speaking to each other in a language I didn't recognize.
Tom has been arrested three times for assault.
Tom has been charged with first-degree murder.
Tom is obviously upset about something.
Tom was clearly disappointed.
Tom's condition is deteriorating rapidly.
Tom confessed to killing his wife.
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. (Ray Kroc)
I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right.
I'm not going to change the way I look or the way I feel to conform to anything. I've always been a freak. So I've been a freak all my life and I have to live with that, you know. I'm one of those people.
We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature.
Tell us your phobias and we will tell you what you are afraid of.
Young men make great mistakes in life; for one thing, they idealize love too much.
There were no temples or shrines among us save those of nature.
One always tends to overpraise a long book, because one has got through it.
Ideas shape the course of history.
Love is only one of many passions.
To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage.
Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts.
The first magic of love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
A husband is what is left of a lover, after the nerve has been extracted.
If you do not think about your future, you cannot have one.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
Only through art can we emerge from ourselves and know what another person sees.
One touch of nature makes the whole world kin.
Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience.
All the world speaks English.
Tom and Mary walked into the restaurant and looked around, but couldn't see a free table.
Tom told Mary to go ahead, he'd catch her up.
Tom tripped on a toy his son had left on the floor and dislocated his scapula.
Despite numerous requests by their mother, the children would not tidy up their toys.
The ground is parched and cracked, the tinder-dry grass crackles underfoot, and rain is desperately needed in our region.
What time do you arrive tomorrow?
Is the tap water in Australia drinkable?
What time will you arrive tomorrow?
He asked me on date, and I was like, "no way," and then he was all like, "whatever, I'll ask your sister."
I like this tea.
It's very jarring to hear uncensored songs with explicit lyrics playing in stores.
Tom has quit smoking.
I can't forget her eyes.
I can't forget her look.
I can't forget her smile.
I can't forget her voice.
I can't forget her beauty.
I can't forget her kindness.
I can't forget her softness.
You still love her, don't you?
Tom was her youngest brother.
When it rains, he feels blue.
He was giving a speech at the park.
An apple is a tasty fruit.
She is studying law at the university.
Tom went to the museum with Mary.
Human beings are members of a whole, In creation of one essence and soul. If one member is afflicted with pain, Other members uneasy will remain. If you have no sympathy for human pain, The name of human you cannot retain.
The children of Adam are limbs of each other, having been created of one essence. When the calamity of time afflicts one limb, the other limbs cannot remain at rest. If you have no sympathy for the troubles of others, you are not worthy to be called by the name of "man".
Humans are peers of a united race, Thus in creation, share the same base. If one is affected with pain, Others share the faith of same. When you are indifferent to this pain, You shall not earn the Humans' name.
Look at the cloud, how it cries like a grieving man. Thunder moans like a lover with a broken heart. Now and then the sun peeks from behind the clouds like a prisoner hiding from the guard.
I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland.
When are you coming to visit my town?
For anybody coming to see us in Dublin, here is the Facebook event page!
I had a terrible education. I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers.
Maybe the poets are right. Maybe love is the only answer.
I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
Love is the answer. But while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.
I'm very proud of my gold pocket watch. My grandfather, on his deathbead, sold me this watch.
I hide behind childish behaviors.
I've never been an intellectual but I have this look.
I am older than you.
If my films don't show a profit, I know I'm doing something right.
Most of the time I don't have much fun. The rest of the time I don't have any fun at all.
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
Don't you want to know the reason?
Tom's definitely not stupid. He's stupid lazy.
She really does like animals.
Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought — particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things.
Tom was late, just like Mary predicted.
Tom failed the test, just like Mary predicted.
I forgot to put my phone on the charger last night.
Please take off your shoes at the door.
I'll never forget Tom's smile.
I'll never forget how kind Tom was to everyone.
Please take your shoes off at the door.
I'm in Modena.
Tom is acting like nothing happened.
Tom acted like nothing had happened.
Tom is going to be very disappointed if that happens.
Tom's right hand began to shake uncontrollably.
Tom handed Mary a small manila envelope.
Tom's hands were tightly clenched into fists.
I think Tom is just looking for a little attention.
Tom's loud snoring kept me awake all night.
Tom has never done anything as stupid as this before.
Tom seems to always be away on business.
Tom has probably forgotten what Mary looks like.
Tom probably doesn't remember what Mary looks like.
Tom has probably never been to Boston.
Tom's house must be around here somewhere.
Tom and Mary are sitting on the porch drinking coffee.
No one is saying that.
I can share.
Can I share?
Peak oil, an event based on Hubbert's theory, is the point in time when the maximum rate of petroleum extraction is reached, after which the rate of production is expected to enter terminal decline.
Do you have a lot of money?
Is the meat good?
Do you know how to read and write?
Is the lake deep?
Is the book boring?
Did the young ladies arrive on time?
Is this book boring?
Is this lake deep?
Do you prefer to study English, French or Spanish?
I'm not sure why I even have a Facebook.
It's not appropriate for puritanical misanthropic.
Monique and I can't stop laughing.
Tom isn't like anyone I've ever met before.
The normal fetal heart rate usually varies between and beats per minute.
Tom seems to be extremely uncomfortable.
Tom doesn't have a cellphone.
What makes you think that Tom is responsible?
What makes you think that it was Tom's fault?
What really happened between you and Tom?
What really happened between Tom and Mary?
What was Tom afraid of?
What were you afraid of?
What's wrong with Tom?
I wish things could've been different.
You really shouldn't have come here.
Nothing would please me more.
We're pretty busy right now.
Were you frightened?
You were right about several things. However, you made a few errors.
The cat curled up in front of the fire.
We were in fits of laughter when the cat twirled around the room chasing its tail.
I'm writing a letter to Tom now.
Most people would rather die than think; in fact, they do so.
Some beaches had failed to comply with environmental regulations.
I wondered what had happened to Tom.
Tell me everything you know about the situation.
Tell me everything you know about what happened.
I'm not arguing with you.
Tell me everything you know about Tom.
I bet you're wondering why Tom left so early.
The richest people in the world are as wealthy as the poorest half of the planet's population.
Have you ever met Tom's girlfriend?
Tom muttered something under his breath.
To a man standing on the shore, time passes quicker than to a man on a boat — especially if the man on the boat is with his wife.
Tom climbed over the wall.
The universe is merely a fleeting idea in God's mind — a pretty uncomfortable thought, particularly if you've just made a down payment on a house.
I'm not looking forward to seeing Tom.
I'm not tired at all. Tom did most of the driving.
Hey! This is not the right place. You should contact the actual national coach for information regarding this.
For pity's sake don't start imitating some of the language you see in Lernu's tujmesaĝilo.
You have to know what you want. When you know what it is, you have to have the courage to say it; when you say it you have to have the courage to do it.
They won't be shot.
My baby can walk.
Your baby can walk.
His baby can walk.
Her baby can walk.
Our baby can walk.
Their baby can walk.
Oil extraction is in decline in out of the major suppliers.
Petroleum extraction is in decline in out of the major suppliers of oil.
Place the words in the appropriate order to make sentences.
The war is over.
Have you already finished your homework?
Why don't you get drunk to forget?
I want to go back there.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
We need to study more in order to know how to express our opinions better.
Rio is a very large city and Campo Grande is the biggest neighbor.
They won the match again.
I want that book, please.
Why should I talk in Portuguese if this is an English class?
There is no way to open this door.
I do not need anything from you.
Tom had fun.
Mary's wedding ring was swept down the drain while she was washing her hands.
She's dancing with another man.
He's dancing with another girl.
Did you hear about what's happened to Tom?
Did you know that Tom almost married Mary?
Did you know that Tom has three children?
Did you tell Tom about tomorrow's meeting?
Tom fell off a ladder and broke both of his arms.
Death is inevitable.
Do you think that's what's happened to Tom?
Mary was left badly scarred after botched plastic surgery.
Tom didn't notice that he was being followed.
Everybody was there except for Tom.
Everybody's talking about what Tom did.
Everybody's talking about what happened.
Everyone on the bus was asleep except the driver.
They say housework won't kill you, but why take the risk?
Everyone in the room looked at Tom.
Everyone is waiting for Tom to say something.
Everyone here knows you can't trust Tom.
Everything is working out just as Tom predicted.
Everything's going to be all right now.
What exactly was Tom trying to say?
Tom's horse suddenly propped and threw him off.
Tom never mentioned he was married.
I thought Tom had already unplugged the toaster.
Tom noticed that Mary was looking at him.
Have you checked your email this morning?
Have you discussed this problem with Tom?
Have you spoken about the incident with Tom?
Have you and Tom talked about what happened?
We're looking into the problem.
Can you hold the elevator, please?
I can't find Tom anywhere.
How can you afford something like this?
How could I have possibly known that?
How could I have possibly known that would happen?
How could I have possibly known that would be the last time I ever saw Tom?
How could I have possibly known that Tom would run away from home?
Last year I stayed at your hotel from July 4th through 12th and from July 30th through August 5th.
Tom's fall resulted in life-threatening injuries.
It took Tom months to recover from his motorbike accident.
Tom fell heavily and hit his head on a rock, causing life-threatening injuries.
I promised Tom I wouldn't say anything.
If anything happens to me, give this to Tom.
Is everything all right between you and Tom?
Is everything OK between you and Tom?
Is this really that important?
Is this really all that important?
They don't have those in Norway.
How long have you been Tom's supervisor?
The police suspect that Tom was trying to poison Mary.
I had drinks with Tom last night.
What colour is his hair?
It's not Tom I'm worried about.
I've made a tentative deal with Tom.
Tom claims to have psychic powers.
I haven't cut down the plum tree yet.
I'm really sorry about what happened last night.
It doesn't matter what you think.
We can play with language.
I want to talk to your uncle.
Someone ate all my cupcakes.
I did something right.
She fainted, but soon woke up.
Dad always encourages him.
He has blue eyes and blond hair.
Have you come to arrest us?
I'll be with you.
I'll see you in the meeting room in half an hour.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean it.
It's me, Marika, your wife.
I told you to shut up.
I think Tom is already on the plane.
Can you keep your mouth shut?
I need to talk to Tom tonight about what's going to happen tomorrow.
My relationship with Tom is none of your business.
A gifted person ought to learn English (barring spelling and pronouncing) in thirty hours, French in thirty days, and German in thirty years.
No matter what happens, keep the door locked and don't come outside.
I didn't expect to see you.
No one except Tom knows what really happened.
Tom promised Mary that he'd always be faithful to her.
Look at the guys around you.
I don't usually agree with Tom about anything.
They're using you.
This thing won't last long.
I would like to discuss a few details.
We're not married yet.
What else do you like?
This man is not my husband.
Tom and Mary had a romantic dinner to celebrate the first anniversary of their being together.
That's nothing you need to concern yourself with.
Tom promised he'd take care of that.
We don't have to get there on time.
Tom died on the operating table.
Could I have some coffee, please?
Tom smashed his piggy bank with a hammer.
Tom tapped Mary on the shoulder.
Tom noticed a wedding ring on Mary's finger.
Tell me what you know about Tom.
I don't think Tom would hire a private detective.
That's the real reason Tom ran away from home, isn't it?
Everybody knows that you're lying.
I have an appointment with Marika.
You told me there wouldn't be any problem.
There's a news conference scheduled for this afternoon.
Are you sure you don't want to tell me what you're after?
When the police entered the basement, they found Tom tied to a chair with duct tape over his mouth.
You're not supposed to be back here.
When he comes in, give him this book.
You don't need to repeat it a thousand times.
Tom's mouth was taped shut with duct tape.
This guy has tried to kill me.
They probably thought that you were not one of us.
He held a news conference a few hours ago.
How do you expect me to do that?
You're making a grave mistake.
You're doing the right thing.
You should've seen Tom.
You should've gone north.
Why don't you start talking first?
Tom took a look around the room.
Tom thought you were unhappy.
Tom can't have gone very far.
There's no need to be insulting.
Keep your fingers crossed.
It's not all that uncommon.
It's extremely important that we speak to Tom.
It's extremely important that we meet with Tom.
Is this what you were searching for?
Is that what you were looking for?
I heard a voice I didn't recognize.
I'll see the president myself.
I'm sorry to disturb you this late.
There's something you don't know... I'm pregnant.
You're on my side, aren't you?
Tell them to stop the truck.
I know it's easy, but I've never done it.
The same thing must've happened to Tom.
I've got nothing to tell you.
Tom kissed Mary tenderly on the lips.
There was nothing you could've done.
There's obviously been some sort of misunderstanding.
Tom made a suggestion.
The carrot and the stick are well known motivational tools.
There is a declared state of emergency.
All I did was for the love of a woman.
All I wanted was to be with you.
Bring him a drink.
Bring me my Marika. I want to see her.
Come back here. It's an order.
Come back here. It's a trap.
Does he know what you're here for?
Don't tell me he's dead.
Do you want to talk to the children?
Freeze right there!
Have a pleasant stay while you're in our town.
He hired Tom to kill Mr. Smith.
"He's one of my best men." "If you say so."
He's out there somewhere.
He tried to hit me last night.
He was supposed to call around ten o'clock.
He was trying to kill me.
"How do I look?" "You're the most beautiful woman in the world."
I came back for one more job.
My mother was born in the heartland of America, but my father grew up herding goats in Kenya.
At the height of the Cold War, my father decided, like so many others in the forgotten corners of the world, that his yearning - his dream - required the freedom and opportunity promised by the West.
He wrote letter after letter to universities all across America until somebody, somewhere answered his prayer for a better life.
The Communists chose to blockade the western part of Berlin. They cut off food and supplies to more than two million Germans in an effort to extinguish the last flame of freedom in Berlin.
You are allowed to be late for school.
This song is for you.
Don't translate this sentence.
Please don't translate this sentence.
Lisa accompanied me to the door and closed it after me.
I'm not a squirrel.
Think very carefully of all the implications, before you make your decision.
Tom's cat likes the song "Eye Of The Tiger."
Butterflies are beautiful.
I thought he would be upset.
If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
Better never than late.
Choose silence of all virtues, for by it you hear other men's imperfections, and conceal your own.
The European fuel protests of were an excellent example of what will happen when we are deprived of our petrol and a salutary warning.
I thought Tom would be upset.
I thought Tom might be upset.
I thought Tom might get angry.
I thought Tom might want to go home early.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money.
I never thought Tom might not want to go.
Who started the fire?
You can often tell where a person comes from by the way he speaks.
You'll have to speak to the clerk about that.
You ought to have a carpenter's square.
You just complicate the argument when you split hairs that way.
You gave me quite a start.
You can't judge Tom by ordinary standards.
You can often tell where a person comes from by his speech.
Why don't you call a spade a spade?
Who's speaking at the meeting tonight?
Who spread that rumor?
Who spilled the milk on the floor?
Where is the source of this river?
Where are the stables?
When will we start taking lessons?
What started the fire?
What I said yesterday still stands.
We've spent too much time here.
We're trying to staff our factory with good workers.
We're moving at a good speed now.
We won't be leaving town before spring.
We went to the spring for water.
We traveled through the south of France.
We just barely squeezed into the car.
We had a drink of nice cool spring water.
Try to sound Tom out on the subject.
Try to keep up your spirits.
Towns sprang up all along the railroad.
Tom's success has been a source of great pride to all of us.
Tom's peculiar attitude on the matter doesn't spring from any one cause.
Tom's life was spared.
Tom's height makes him stand out in a crowd.
Tom's clothes make him stand out in a crowd.
Tom works for short spells now and then.
Tom wasn't afraid to speak out in the meeting.
Tom took the news like a real sport.
Tom sprinkled ashes on the icy sidewalk.
Tom sprang at me in a rage.
Tom spoiled all my plans.
Tom spends a lot of time in the library.
Tom never stands up to his father.
Tom just sat there staring out into space.
Tom just did that for spite.
Tom is weak now, but his intellect is sound.
Tom is a pretty stable person.
Tom is a nice guy in spite of the fact that he has a lot of money.
Tom has had special training in this field.
Tom had a coughing spell.
Tom got his start as a reporter.
Tom gave Mary's hand a friendly squeeze.
Tom drew a large square.
Tom comes from the southern part of France.
This is my star pupil.
This cloth won't stand much washing.
They hired Tom on the spot.
These hot spells don't last long.
These apples are beginning to spoil.
There's a south wind blowing.
There isn't a single country left on the gold standard.
The sky is full of stars tonight.
The scenery is really splendid.
The posts are spaced three meters apart.
The old clock has stood on the shelf for years.
The meat will spoil quickly in such hot weather.
The little boy is being spoiled by his grandmother.
The ladder is standing in the corner.
The front door stood wide open.
The fire spread rapidly.
The bugle sounded retreat.
The baby likes to splash in the tub.
The audience stood and applauded.
The airplane went into a spin.
The actor walked on stage carrying a spear.
That was a very good speech.
That was a bright spot in an otherwise dull day.
That really put me on the spot.
Spread the rug out and let me look at it.
Spin the wheel around.
Sparks were coming out of the chimney.
Sometimes gestures are more expressive than speech.
Show me the exact spot you mean.
Put your books on the stand.
Put some grease on the wheel. It squeaks.
Our backyard is twenty meters square.
Not a single soul knows about it.
My new shoes squeak.
Mary stood me up after all.
Mary stomped her foot angrily.
Let's split the profits.
Let's go for a spin around the park.
Let the milk stand overnight and skim off the cream.
Leave a double space after each sentence.
It's not raining hard. It's just a sprinkle.
It's good roasted on a spit.
It sounds impossible.
Is there any space for my luggage?
If we don't stand up for Tom, nobody will.
If there hadn't been a split in the party just before elections, we'd have won.
If it tastes bad, spit it out.
I've spared no expense in building the house.
I'm worried about the state of Tom's health.
I'm willing to spend a lot for a piano.
I'm tired of standing here waiting.
I'm in low spirits today.
I'm afraid you don't stand a chance of getting the job.
I'll try to spare your feelings.
I'll square things with you later.
I'll do it in my spare time.
I'll always stand by you in case of trouble.
I would prefer a room with a southern exposure.
I wish I knew where I stood.
I was right on the spot when it happened.
I want to spend the night here.
I want to go south for the winter.
I want three dollars worth of stamps.
I understand that they're going to increase the staff.
I stood here for thirty minutes.
I spotted you in the crowd as soon as I saw your hat.
I refuse to pay more than standard rates.
I nearly split my sides laughing at Tom's stories.
I love to wear sport clothes.
I hope you're in good spirits.
I haven't spoken French for years.
I have to get this spade fixed.
I have a special reason.
I had a sound sleep last night.
I got to the station with three minutes to spare.
I don't have to stand for such insolence on Tom's part.
I don't have much to spend.
I don't believe Tom is a spy.
I don't believe in spells and charms.
I can't stand that man!
I can't see the stage from this seat.
I can spare you some money.
How much space does the building occupy?
How far are we from Red Square?
How did you stain your dress?
Have you got anything special in mind for tonight?
Has the plumber found the source of the trouble?
Has the performance started yet?
Go ahead and speak your piece.
Give me an airmail stamp, please.
Generally speaking, Tom is right.
From the hill, we saw the whole valley spread out below us.
Don't squeeze any more into the trunk.
Don't bother standing up.
Does this book go in any special place?
Do you think they gave Tom a square deal?
Do you have anything to remove stains?
Did you get home safe and sound?
Can you spare a cigarette?
Can you get these spots out of my pants?
As things now stand, I'll have to quit my job.
Tom gave Mary sound advice.
Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week.
If there was nothing wrong in the world there wouldn't be anything for us to do.
It's easier to replace a dead man than a good picture.
At first we really enjoyed it, but not as of late.
Miracles, in the sense of phenomena we cannot explain, surround us on every hand: life itself is the miracle of miracles.
This day usually starts with my father buying something for my mother.
There are many holidays in Brazil.
I thought for a long time about which holiday I could talk about.
In the afternoon, if we don't go out to a restaurant, we make something different for lunch in order to celebrate this special day.
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.
We will need this to survive.
What did she mean?
It can celebrated in a lot of ways.
The gym is across from the home store.
What a wonderful lady!
We had to come back soon because school was about to start.
I'm not a great fan of horror movies at all.
My mom usually has toast and a glass of milk for breakfast.
I work for an airline company as a flight attendant.
Remember that you always bear my trust.
Did you fall from the sky?
The tailor thought that the garment fit perfectly, but the customer complained and said the garment was short and the fabric poor and coarse.
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all others because you were born in it.
Reading made Don Quixote a gentleman, but believing what he read made him mad.
We are a part of a community of thousands of current and former members of This Group.
Recent events have prompted us to take action.
We want to add our voices to the conversation.
He is my youngest brother.
Science never solves a problem without creating ten more.
The library is the meeting place of all human dreams.
We can rest.
She had lost the art of conversation but not, unfortunately, the power of speech.
He already knew about it.
We all fell asleep.
Socialism is the same as Communism, only better English.
She has a bit of a bad temper.
Statistics show that of those who contract the habit of eating, very few survive.
Tom is a skillful driver.
The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.
One in four Americans don't know that the Earth circles the Sun.
Virtue consists, not in abstaining from vice, but in not desiring it.
Virtue is insufficient temptation.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
He sprained his ankle trying to jump off this wall. What a fool he is!
An electric heater warms up the ceramic tiles of the bathroom floor.
Allow yourself to make mistakes.
The list is endless.
I'm slowly getting used to the humid climate here.
Children don't like people who destroy nature.
Tom is very resourceful.
This message is for Tom.
This kind of thing doesn't happen very often.
What happened was worse than anything Tom had imagined would happen.
Tom has been giving you bad advice.
Tom and Mary were among the onlookers.
I told Tom Mary would help.
I told Tom I would help.
We'll meet you out front.
Tom walked toward the parking lot.
Tom and the others all burst out laughing.
Tom and the others left early.
Tom and the others ran out of the building.
Tom and three other crew members were injured in the accident.
Tom asked if I wanted him to cook something for me.
Tom began to turn the pages more quickly.
Tom tried to break down the door.
Tom began trying to break down the door.
Tom believed everything was going to be OK.
Tom circled three names on the list.
Tom crossed three names off the list.
Tom broke his collarbone when he was thirteen.
Tom burst into tears and ran upstairs.
Tom gave Mary everything she wanted.
Tom could hear Mary sobbing in the next room.
Tom put the baby in the bassinet.
Tom cautiously approached the door.
Tatoeba has almost million sentences!
Tom cautiously pushed the door open and entered the room.
Tom cautiously stuck his hand into the hole in the wall.
Tom entered the room nervously.
Tom poured himself a glass of water.
Is there anything Tom won't do?
What's there to talk about?
Tom crawled under the barbed wire.
Tom did something I didn't anticipate.
Tom did something I'd never do.
Tom didn't know anything about Mary.
Tom didn't let me get away with anything.
Tom didn't mention anything about it to me.
I didn't realize I was getting so flabby.
I didn't realize I was getting so fat.
Tom didn't really mean that as a compliment.
Tom didn't say anything about that to me.
Tom didn't say anything about you coming by.
Tom didn't show up at school today.
Tom didn't show up for work this morning.
Tom didn't want to cause us any more trouble.
Tom didn't tell me why he didn't want to go.
Tom died fighting for what he believed in.
Tom doesn't know anything about this, does he?
Tom did a quick calculation in his head.
Tom does have a certain charm, doesn't he?
Tom did his best to hide his disappointment.
Tom doesn't appear to be carrying a weapon.
Tom doesn't appear to have any injuries.
Tom doesn't buy Mary's explanation for a second.
Tom doesn't care who does the job as long as the job gets done.
Tom doesn't deserve to be treated this way.
Tom doesn't even bother to insult me anymore.
You must not suppose, because I am a man of letters, that I never tried to earn an honest living.
In an ugly and unhappy world the richest man can purchase nothing but ugliness and unhappiness.
The reformer for whom the world is not good enough finds himself shoulder to shoulder with him that is not good enough for the world.
She forbad me from joining the group.
I don't know what you're interested in.
I was conscripted into the army.
What!? How could such a civilised man say such a thing! My monocle has fallen from its rightful perch! You ought to be ashamed of yourself!
Faith is a never-ending pool of clarity, reaching far beyond the margins of consciousness. We all know more than we know we know.
I have decided to release all my English sentences, including this one.
I just need a big swimming pool.
Why did you do that, my friend?
My sunglasses are broken.
You must listen to it.
I wanna get paid.
"Give me your soul", said the evil.
You have to see what we're doing here.
Is Sao Paulo a good place to live?
If you shave your hair, it will grow back thicker.
Cheaters never prosper.
How can I know that you're not going to hurt me?
How can I know that you're not going to hurt me again?
I'm sure she'll like it.
I'm sure he'll like it.
I'm sure Tom will like the gift you got him.
I'm sure Tom will like you.
I'm sure Tom will like his new job.
I'm sure Tom will like the movie.
I'm sure Tom will like this wine.
I think Tom will like this wine.
I think Tom will probably like this movie.
There's a good chance that Tom won't like the kind of music your band plays.
Your words provoked his anger.
Wake up, please.
To love life means to live well.
Drink more water.
Wait.
The new album has a higher priority.
How many brothers have you got? How many sisters have you got?
Winter is my favourite season.
Choose your favourite racket.
Look out! There's a lorry coming!
Finland needs you.
What's the English for "Ich weiß nicht"? - I don't know. - What the hell, whoever I ask doesn't know!
They asked me to leave because they were going to have a personal talk.
I asked my friend if he had noticed something weird in my speech. To my greatest astonishment, he said he hadn't.
Book your flight now to avoid disappointment.
The deeper we dived, the colder the water got.
It's still too cold to wear shorts.
He was shivering from the cold.
You're one lucky girl.
You're a lucky girl.
He gave me several books.
I had such a lovely night.
The post that fell in the road disturbed the city traffic.
Your friend can come any moment.
Tom says he'll never go again.
You shouldn't study all day long. You should go out and have some fun.
Have a good time, children, while I'm away; go for a walk or stay in front of the house, whatever you like.
The newspaper hasn't published our article yet.
Well that's the part where I'm a wank.
Doctors recommend three meals a day.
The experiments have been being carried out since 1997.
Jane frequently mentions the books she has been reading.
We learnt nothing at school.
I have never seen a mountain like that!
Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
I'm no slouch on the dance floor.
China has about times the area of Japan.
She acted distant towards me today.
Oh, sorry for not noticing you. I can only see it (the game) from here.
Youth, which is forgiven everything, forgives itself nothing: age, which forgives itself everything, is forgiven nothing.
Those who understand evil pardon it.
This is a proverb.
If you begin by sacrificing yourself to those you love, you will end by hating those to whom you have sacrificed yourself.
I study at the university.
This is an apple tree.
Whoever reads this so-called newspaper every day will inevitably go daft.
This fish is delicious.
Tom has bad eyesight.
I'm sorry my pronunciation isn't very good.
We must support the Lebanese who have marched and bled for democracy, and the Israelis and Palestinians who seek a secure and lasting peace.
Tom has fallen into the river.
Tom fell into the river.
Tom has a weak heart.
Thanks to both of you.
Tell me Tom's email address.
Tom is good at telling jokes.
Tom isn't fine.
Have a fantastic couple of days if I don't see you in classroom.
Thanks a lot for this funny and interesting lesson, my teacher!
Why do fools fall in love?
Do you have a map? Because I'm getting lost in your eyes.
Do you believe in love at first sight? Because if you don't, I'll be happy to walk by again.
Do you believe in love at first sight? Because, if you don't, I assure you it's happening right now.
I think everyone knows this one is true!
There are no reasons for our imagination.
The car is green.
The car is brown.
The car is grey.
The car is red.
The car is black.
The car is white.
The car is yellow.
The car is orange.
The car is good.
The car is bad.
The woman is tall.
This is a beautiful country.
Do you know any doctor who speaks Japanese?
You deserve a prize.
Everybody's talking about it.
I am actually Welsh but I am living in Bristol.
She was never at a loss for an excuse.
Did you really think I didn't know?
Could you tell me how old are you?
There's something I haven't told you.
I love it when he does that.
How are you two getting along?
Tom is not a communist.
The tall man is handsome.
The handsome man is tall.
The tall woman is beautiful.
I think I'm in love with Tom.
I'm not saying this just because I'm your sister.
The beautiful woman is tall.
We have to speak.
I give you this ring as a symbol of my love.
You should always try your hardest.
I should not have trusted you.
You said that you loved him.
You said that you loved her.
What am I doing wrong?
She must be mad at me.
She must be mad at you.
He must be mad at me.
He must be mad at you.
Tom lay on his bed and cried softly into his pillow.
Mary laid on her bed, crying with her face buried into her pillow.
"Why are you mad at me?" "I'm not mad at you!"
You have your whole life ahead of you.
You're young. You have your whole life ahead of you.
Violent fires soon burn out themselves.
Small showers last long, but sudden storms are short.
Mary received a note from a secret admirer.
He put his arms around her.
It was you who shattered my dreams.
Tom asked me out this weekend.
"What are you trying to hide?" "Nothing."
What if my parents find out?
What if your parents find out?
What if Tom finds out?
Don't say something you'll regret later.
Don't do something you'll regret later.
That information is classified.
He's cute and funny.
Who gave this to you?
I wasn't implying anything.
Stop pretending to be something you're not.
Get out! And don't ever touch me again!
I promise I'll follow you on Instagram.
I don't care about Instagram.
Don't be silly. You know I love you.
Are you angry at me?
This makes absolutely no sense.
Are you sure you're telling me everything?
My pillow was drenched with tears.
Why are you avoiding me?
There's no need to explain.
Why are you being so distant?
Tom is in a bad mood now.
Tom is in a bad mood right now.
Tom sat on a chair.
Are you going to ask him or not?
Are you going to ask her or not?
Are you going to ask me or not?
He has to be stopped.
She has to be stopped.
They have to be stopped.
Tom has to be stopped.
I hope she marries.
Excuse me, where am I on this map?
You put all our lives at stake back then!
My mother is a high school teacher.
What was your major in college?
I have a son who's just turned three.
We have a son who's just turned three.
A lonely old man lives there.
Today at noon we'll eat cherries from Italy.
My uncle is taking English at university.
Those clocks got broken.
It will take some time.
I'm afraid this is an incorrect formulation of the question.
I guess he really loves me.
I guess she really loves me.
Why isn't it red and puffy?
I will have to learn how to make beef fried rice.
Does this require me to have friends?
Toronto never disappoints.
I finally understood the importance of foreign languages.
I want Mary brought to justice.
Don't misunderstand me, we aren't promising you anything.
Do you walk to school every day?
You have to read it between the lines.
That dog is trained to bark at strangers.
Are you ready for tomorrow?
I am way too honest for this profession.
He wants to see if he's still got what it takes.
Let me reassure you. I myself don't always understand what I've written.
His unyielding character doesn't please me at all.
His hands are never still.
I'm not sure whether I should go study abroad in Australia or Canada.
That day, the rain that had been falling since morning seemed as if it was about to stop around the time that the streetlamps are lit, but as night came it suddenly turned into pouring rain.
All his hopes have vanished.
Thank you for the endless support!
In truth, the very simple reason why this incident did not appear in the newspapers is that, outside of a single witness, no one knew about it.
In other words, outside of the persons concerned, only one person in Osaka knew about this incident.
I don't know if it was because of the late hour or because of the rain, but there was no one around.
At any rate, Ozawa hurriedly took off his raincoat and quickly put it on the naked girl's shoulders.
Ozawa had been demobilized from overseas and had just arrived this night into his hometown, Osaka, but he had heard rumors on the train about bandits roaming in the postwar cities and suburbs.
He could not see well in the dark, but from the sound of her voice he could tell that the girl was on the verge of tears.
Revolutionary movements attract those who are not good enough for established institutions as well as those who are too good for them.
When taking a polygraph test can you be telling the truth and because you are nervous it shows that it's a lie?
Dancing: the vertical expression of a horizontal desire legalized by music.
Life is a flame that is always burning itself out, but it catches fire again every time a child is born.
Chess is a foolish expedient for making idle people believe they are doing something very clever when they are only wasting their time.
He smokes like a coachman and drinks like a Cossack.
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.
Because my school was closed yesterday due to the snow, I hung out all day at home.
My husband passed away after having fought against his illness for a long time.
Tom jumped high and caught the ball.
Ask for the moon and I shall wrest it from the heavens.
Tom looked as if he was about to burst out crying at any time.
Tom was in Boston when the war began.
It's snowing outside.
I'm sorry to call you so late at night.
What are you doing in a dark place like that?
I wish I had been an only child.
He never cared much for me.
I'm easily influenced.
Is it true that horses sleep while standing up?
Personally, I think that corporal punishment is a necessary evil.
"Hey, were you able to complete your maths homework?" "Oops, I completely forgot about it."
Pardon me. Where are the coin-operated lockers?
Ozawa had not eaten anything since morning, or rather since the previous night.
Why did you do something stupid like that?
"Why are you grinning like that?" "The schoolgirl I just passed by was really cute."
In my high-school's dormitory, the first years share a room with another student, but starting from the second year, students have individual rooms.
He kept the letter.
"Why are you grinning like that?" "That female high-school student I just passed by was really cute."
The man grinned widely and paid the bill. He then drank all of the beer left in his glass in one gulp, while standing.
"You're not being chased, are you?" Just as he said that in a quiet voice, the corner house's light went out. The rain became more intense...
He is always talking about old memories of his childhood.
We're very proud of you!
And what will be the result of that?
She stirred her coffee with a teaspoon.
Her husband has been cheating on her for years.
Tom faked his own death.
Will you go on a date with me?
Tom's mother was a devout Catholic.
I like him better this way.
Streets are not just for cars.
I see no point in doing it.
Relax and take the test.
Why are the nights so dark?
Don't worry! The test is easy.
Well, that's rather bizarre.
This is my teammate, Donnavan.
The fakes are very easy to spot.
This is a car and that is a bus.
The test was easy.
This is a flag.
The test was easier than I thought it would be.
Does having a vocabulary of 80,words give you enjoyment?
Good digestion is essential for the health.
The parents sent her to boarding school.
This is a pencil and that is a pen.
Thou art God.
I'm sure you won't believe this.
Language itself shapes a man's basic ideas.
That's why I don't travel so much.
Is that expensive, so expensive or too expensive?
Is this you?
Have you been in Rio?
I'm just being sarcastic.
If there is someone near Maria who supports and encourages her, she can accomplish a lot, but if there is no one, she never reaches her goals.
I'm just being sarcastic, that's all.
I'm just being me.
She's just being snobbish.
She doesn't care about us, that's all.
So, be my guest!
This agreement becomes valid at midnight.
I like the smell of freshly-baked bread.
I like the smell of bread just out of the oven.
It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life.
Manias can be alarming.
I've heard that in Germany beer is cheaper than water. Is that true?
Forvo is an international project which has set itself an unattainable goal and therefore always achieves opposite results.
Around 20% of Spaniards today have direct patrilineal descent from Sephardic Jews.
The churches must learn humility as well as teach it.
It is the deed that teaches, not the name we give it. Murder and capital punishment are not opposites that cancel one another, but similars that breed their kind.
The plan backfired.
Talk of the devil and he'll appear.
Patience is a remedy for every grief.
Make a virtue of necessity.
A life for a life.
Nobody listens until you say something wrong.
Cut your coat according to your cloth.
Conciliation is the matter of the law.
Do good and cast it into the sea.
The absent party is not faulty.
Every tide has its ebb.
Between the upper and nether millstone.
First impressions are lasting.
Four eyes see more than two.
I received his letter the other day.
A fault confessed is half redressed.
A contented mind is a perpetual feast.
It's raining cats and dogs here.
This is a woman who we can trust.
They are the best players I've seen in my life.
I'm not saying that you're not beautiful.
He won't be ready.
He will not be ready.
She will not be ready.
Watch it and dance!
You're not yourselves today.
What is that on the plate?
Revolutions have never lightened the burden of tyranny: they have only shifted it to another shoulder.
A paradigm is something you think about before you think about it.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Do you want fried eggs with bacon for breakfast?
No man is good enough to be another man's master.
I wish I were an only child.
"Why are you grinning?" "The high school girls we just passed are really cute."
"Why are you grinning like that?""That high school girl we just passed is really cute."
I heard that beer was cheaper than water in Germany. Is that true?
Do you want to go on a diet with me?
"Is that Tom calling again?" "Yes. He calls every evening these days. I shouldn't have given him my number."
Tom made a fortune in oil.
Tom lives alone in a big house.
I'm firmly opposed to corporal punishment.
"Are you thinking what I'm thinking you're thinking?" "That depends on whether what I'm thinking you're thinking I'm thinking is what I'm thinking."
I know where I'm going.
It's a good question. I will try to give a good answer.
Speak for yourselves.
Have you been to any of the places on this list?
When and where shall we meet?
Where is your older brother right now?
My older brother borrowed money from a loan shark.
When she saw Ozawa's face, she became red up to the base of her ears.
The streetcar was packed.
"Hey, Kameko, don't you have a conscience?" "No." "You don't...? You don't have a conscience...?" "I had one, but now I don't."
A lot of snow fell on the Kanto region last week.
I travel around a lot.
"What will we do if we miss the last train?" "How about waiting until morning at an internet café or somewhere else?"
Does anyone have some liquid paper?
Why did you stop me?
Dad, a UFO! It's a UFO!
What will you do with the furniture you bought in Japan when you go back to Germany?
"How many push-ups can you do, Tom?" "I used to be able to do a hundred easily, but I wonder how many I can do now. Maybe or so?"
This man is a doctor.
This woman is a doctor.
The stars are shining very brightly in the sky tonight.
I see you in every one of my dreams.
This story is based on a true story.
I want to go to Boston at least one more time before I die.
The website you told me about was very interesting and also useful.
The best way to learn a foreign language is to go live in a country where it's spoken.
I think it's unfair that you can't receive a good education if you're poor.
This is not the entrance.
You are the only one who can save the world.
Do you want to play shogi?
Tom wiped his forehead with a handkerchief.
Are you sure? You won't regret it later.
Where is my wallet? Nevermind! I just found it under the couch.
Hey, can you help me? Oh, nevermind! Looks like you are busy.
As a matter of fact, I've gotten back with my old boyfriend.
It looks like those two have gotten back together.
It looks like those two have made up.
Tom won't be here much longer.
Tom really hoped that Mary would go to the concert with him.
Tom is back with his ex.
Mary ran her perfectly manicured nails through her hair.
We've been dating for three months now.
He makes me laugh.
Have the two of you met before?
The good always overcome the evil. . . in stories.
I made you guys something.
We are all going to hell.
I went to high school with the person who wrote that article.
They already did that.
We already did that.
He already did that.
She already did that.
You already did that.
Someone's been very busy.
I lost a bet.
I will come tomorrow.
The thought was there.
I'm not Jewish, but my father is.
It would be better if you didn't tell Tom what Mary did yesterday.
That's not scary.
C'mon! English is easy!
You killed all the Indians of this area, then you hired mercenaries to kill all the buffalos.
See you in two days.
Tom is hard to handle.
Mary has not arrived yet.
The general meeting began at am on the dot.
It's not that far from here.
He speaks French and of course he speaks English, too.
Did you leave the door open last night?
Tom got married at 26.
Stop bad mouthing Tom.
Tom fell from the tree.
Tom is thickheaded.
It's clearly Tom's responsibility.
Tom has friends all over the world.
Tom wears black-rimmed glasses.
Tom keeps tropical fish.
Tom looks down on women.
We're holding an opening sale today.
Tom is a strapping young man.
Tom is a good judge of character.
Tom's condition worsened.
Let's try calling Tom.
The train that Tom was riding was hit by lightning.
Tom lives a simple life far away in the Himalayas.
Tom has long legs.
Tom ran at full speed.
Tom was raised in a small village.
I'm really stuck!
How is Cristian doing?
I fully agree.
Do you know where your keys are?
Tom was a gangly, uncoordinated child who grew into a clumsy adult.
Tom was lanky and a bit uncoordinated as a child, but he was fairly good at basketball.
If you think it's simple, then you have misunderstood the problem.
Tom suggests to Mary that she does the shopping while the neighbour looks after the children.
She wants to take her anger out on someone.
Tom forgot that he once told Mary that only she gave his life any meaning.
She wore a yellow ribbon.
This is the moment when we must build on the wealth that open markets have created, and share its benefits more equitably.
Now is the time to join together, through constant cooperation, strong institutions, shared sacrifice, and a global commitment to progress, to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
The walls between races and tribes; natives and immigrants; Christian and Muslim and Jew cannot stand.
Yesterday the weather was pretty bad.
Bring him here.
Tom made the catch.
Either he goes, or I go!
Either she goes, or I go!
Either they go, or I go!
Either Tom goes, or I go!
Either Mary goes, or I go!
The kids are finally asleep.
What did you do for Valentine's Day?
Mary didn't have the money to buy Tom anything for Valentine's Day, so she just told him "I love you!"
Tom had a date for Valentine's Day.
Maybe your boyfriend will surprise you for Valentine's Day.
Does this dress make me look fat?
We really have no choice.
You're next, Tom.
I'm not going to go back.
She's with Tom.
Is he really the man you're looking for?
He had to comply with her decision.
It's now time for me to go to bed.
I decided not to eat.
I decided not to drink.
I have a red car.
Tom started to get worried when Mary didn't turn up.
The intruder lunged at Tom with a knife.
What's WhatsApp?
Facebook will buy WhatsApp for billion dollars.
What would you buy if you had billion dollars?
Koum's family had to rely on food stamps after emigrating from Ukraine to the United States.
Tom grew up in a communist country.
Jan Koum is the founder of WhatsApp Inc.
Do you have a smartphone?
I think that my phone is probably smarter than me.
Tom booked a reservation at the restaurant through OpenTable.
It's impossible to dine at this restaurant without reservations.
Mary made a reservation at a good restaurant for her boyfriend's birthday.
Unfortunately, an error has occurred.
The computer keeps telling me that "an error has occured", but I already know that!
The hotel cancelled Tom's reservation.
Mary made a reservation at a Japanese restaurant for Valentine's day.
Tom and Mary booked a room with two beds, but when they arrived at the hotel, there was only one bed.
Tom still hasn't taken down his Christmas tree.
Tom is the perfect man for the job.
I couldn't find a taxi last night.
I couldn't find a cab last night.
This is one of the nicest restaurants in Boston.
There's no cure for this disease.
Google Translator delivers fairly good translations as long as the sentences are short.
Tom ordered a spanakopita.
Mary claims that Google Translate translates better than I do. That is a brazen lie.
Is that even legal?
It was the most disgusting thing I've ever tasted.
Marijuana is now legal in Colorado.
I honestly have no idea.
I just love this place.
This place is fantastic.
The Tesla is an electric car.
Norway is leading the Sochi Olympics medal count.
Norway has a very low population density.
Norway's population is about million.
Oslo is the largest city in Norway with a population of 629,313.
Norway's sovereign wealth fund is so large, that every Norwegian is a millionaire on paper.
Oslo is the most populous city in Norway.
Norwegian is the official language of Norway.
Norwegian is similar to Swedish and Danish.
He is teaching me.
Tom says that he didn't study at all for the test.
Finland eliminated Russia from the Winter Olympics hockey tournament.
There is no one right answer to this question.
The X-axis is the horizontal axis and the Y-axis is the vertical axis.
Sometimes I clean my mother's vase collection.
He has two children, namely one son and one daughter.
Ole Einar Bjoerndalen has won Olympic medals.
Tom was nervous before the race.
Tom is a venture capitalist.
She's gone to the stadium.
We be of one blood, thou and I.
Everyone is coming with us.
I suggest a correction to this sentence.
I should change the sentence.
I don't want to be evil.
You should change the sentence.
I'm sorry, I don't speak English.
In English, the first letter of country and language names are written big.
The letters q, w and x exist in English.
And that's when the airlift began – when the largest and most unlikely rescue in history brought food and hope to the people of Berlin.
English is spoken in the UK.
English is spoken in the USA.
English is not a phonetic language.
My father always comes up with something witty to say.
A sinkhole formed under the National Corvette Museum and swallowed eight cars.
Who will win the gold?
Who will win the gold medal?
Tom was sad when his country's team was eliminated from the tournament.
Fernando is faster than you. Can you confirm you understand that message?
Who do you think will win the gold medal?
I'm afraid of Putin.
Is it already open?
It's already open.
I don't really use Facebook that much.
"I guess it's too late now." "No, Tom. It's never too late!"
I become a transparent eyeball; I am nothing; I see all; the currents of the Universal Being circulate through me; I am part or particle of God.
Tom is an amateur astronomer.
Get out of the shower!
Tom, get out of the shower!
If you're not out of the shower in five minutes, I'm cutting the hot water!
The Earth is taking a meteor shower.
The Perseids are one of the most visible meteor showers.
Tom used up all the hot water.
"What's your name?" "Tom." "What's the rest of your name?" "My name is Tom, just Tom."
He was tall, slim and strong.
I don't have a landline.
The guys all made fun of him.
The girls all made fun of him.
The girls teased Tom and they made fun of him.
You don't have to tell me.
I always try to deal with problems as soon as they arise.
Why can't you be more like your older sister?
You're too hard on yourself.
Have you been there yet?
How do you spell YMCA?
The walls between old allies on either side of the Atlantic cannot stand.
Partnership and cooperation among nations is not a choice; it is the one way, the only way, to protect our common security and advance our common humanity.
Mary took a step back, and the balloon began to rise little by little.
We know that sometimes, on both sides of the Atlantic, we have drifted apart, and forgotten our shared destiny.
No one nation, no matter how large or powerful, can defeat such challenges alone.
I'm just going to hang the washing out.
I'll quickly hang the washing out while you make us a cup of coffee.
Cars in Boston and factories in Beijing are melting the ice caps in the Arctic, shrinking coastlines in the Atlantic, and bringing drought to farms from Kansas to Kenya.
Tom can't come to the phone right now as he's out the back hanging out the washing.
I hope he has already been brought back to health.
This was my plan all along.
Was this Tom's plan all along?
A voyage, during which one cannot speak directly with the inhabitants of the places visited: can it give anything of value to the voyager?
Can a trip during which one can't talk directly with the residents of the visited locations give anything valuable to the traveler?
Your hair looks so nice.
Hey, look what I can do!
"Hey, look what I can do!" "I'm trying to work, Tom."
She's an ungrateful child.
I was appalled by her lack of good manners.
We won't be here much longer.
He won't be here much longer.
She won't be here much longer.
I got some shampoo in my eyes. It burns!
If you're finished reading that book, I'd like to borrow it.
When you've finished reading that book, please give it back to me.
I got some shampoo in my eyes and it stings.
I got some shampoo in my eyes and it burns.
I got shampoo in my eyes and it hurts.
The truce was broken by gunfire in the Ukraine.
What time do you think you'll likely arrive?
"Are Tom and Mary dating?" "No, they're just good friends."
The parson gave the communion wafer to the dying person.
That is a very good idea.
He insisted that the mother gave up.
Mr. Iuchi doesn't have anyone that helps him.
Now I've told you everything. But I've got an afterthought. Would you like to hear it?
Get off your tush!
What do you have under the hat?
I read a newspaper while eating.
I go out after dinner.
People of the world - the scale of our challenge is great. The road ahead will be long. But I come before you to say that we are heirs to a struggle for freedom.
You know that the only reason we stand here tonight is because men and women from both of our nations came together to work, and struggle, and sacrifice for that better life.
It's a thing of the past.
Tom is surprisingly sensitive to cold.
Have you spoken with your wife?
I felt dizzy when I got up.
Bring me the flute.
"Tom, I have to tell you something. I love someone. His name starts with TO and ends with M." "Er, who would that be? Is it someone I know?"
The gravedigger was left by an avalanche.
Yes, I like it.
They are satisfied.
Tom doesn't get along with his coworkers.
Tom doesn't know what he's gotten himself into.
Tom doesn't know what Mary might be thinking.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is a Canadian.
We don't get a lot of repeat customers.
Tom doesn't get to his office until nine-thirty.
That didn't happen all that long ago.
You'd better not do anything like that again.
Tom doesn't like to be corrected in public.
Tom doesn't look much older than Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to have made any enemies.
Tom doesn't seem to have much of anything.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he's doing.
Tom doesn't seem to need much assistance now.
Tom doesn't understand me the way you do.
Tom dog paddled toward the shallow end of the pool.
Tom doesn't approve of that kind of language.
Tom threw the book into the fire.
Polite people respect the rules of social decency by following good manners.
Tom dumped the contents of his briefcase out on the table.
Tom ate the stew straight from the pot.
Tom and three other people are waiting in the lobby.
Ha ha, I just dreamt that I won five million RMB.
I had a really weird dream yesterday.
Sleep well tonight. Sweet dreams.
Argh, I was so embarrassed today. I wore my clothes inside-out.
You're holding the book upside-down. This is upside-down and this is right-side up.
Driver, you're driving in the opposite direction. I want to go east. Why are you driving west?
I often wonder if he'll suddenly appear at that coffee shop on the corner.
Did something happen between the two of you? Why hasn't he been coming to pick you up recently?
If a tiger suddenly appeared in front of me, I'd be scared to death.
Suddenly, he took out a ring, kneeled on the ground, and asked me to marry him.
Yesterday a friend of mine that I hadn't seen in years gave me a call out of the blue asking to borrow money.
The weather was great just a moment ago. How is it suddenly raining now?
You ask me how deep my love is for you? The moon represents my heart.
Do you know what it means for a man to give a woman perfume?
I represent all of the students in the class when I thank you for the help that you've given us.
What kind of reaction did you have when he came looking for you?
She was really upset at the time. She cried in the dorm the entire day.
I wasn't in the office then. I don't know what happened.
The Olympics are starting today. What are you feeling?
Ah, it's almost time for exams. I'm dead!
Hurry up or we'll be late.
The World Cup is going to start on the 11th.
Hurry up. We're about to pass that car up ahead.
I am Wang Wei.
So this is your company?
It's really pretty here.
If you don't let me go, I'll still go.
This is really good. Buy this one.
It seems he's gotten thinner lately.
You're really getting prettier and prettier.
She's getting married next month.
Tom embarrassed me in front of my friends.
When the wine ran out, everybody went home.
Tom and I used to be roommates.
A police car just tore past the house.
A three-room apartment suits our family nicely.
All this is strange to me.
Are you sure of that?
Are you surprised that I came?
Are you telling the truth?
Be careful not to tear your clothes on that nail.
Be careful when you cross the street.
Be sure and wear your overcoat.
Be there by 2:for sure.
Can I use your telephone, please?
Can you offer any evidence in support of what you say?
Can you shoot straight?
Can't you stop Tom from crying?
Did anyone phone me?
Did they tell you anything about their plans for this evening?
Do you have a telephone?
Do you like my new straw hat?
Do you suppose that this is true?
Does it rain much here during the summer?
Don't stay up late tonight.
Draw a straight line through it.
Get off the train at the next station.
Go straight across the square.
Go straight home.
Has it stopped raining?
Has the witness been sworn in?
How does Tom's suggestion strike you?
How long did the miners' strike last?
How much is that string of pearls?
I always stay at their house when I'm in town.
I broke out into a cold sweat.
I can only walk about three kilometers at a stretch.
I can still walk straight.
I didn't steal anything from you.
I don't think this chain will stand the strain.
I got it at the hardware store down the street.
I had dinner with a total stranger.
I hope I can get my taxes in on time this year.
I hope you tore up my last letter.
I intend to stay for a week.
I know a store where you can buy that.
I need some summer clothes.
I ran into Tom on the street the other day.
I see a page has been torn out of this book.
I struck Tom in self-defense.
I take my vodka straight.
I want to get out of the car and stretch.
I was supposed to leave yesterday.
I wasn't told a thing about it.
I wonder what's in store for us.
I'd sure like to see them, but I won't have the time.
I'll make sure we never see Tom again.
I'll meet you at the bus station.
I'll stay out of it.
I'm going to town for flour and other supplies.
I'm looking for a piece of string.
I'm sorry we can't stay any longer.
I'm telling you this in strict confidence.
I've been out in the sun all day.
I've got a surprise for you in this package.
I've spoken in support of this before.
I've stopped worrying about it.
Is my hat on straight?
Is that the way you've been taught to handle tools?
Is this ladder steady enough?
It cost me quite a bit to take a taxi home from the station.
It strikes me as a bit unusual.
It was the first thing that struck my eye.
It'll take about a week to straighten out my affairs.
It's a plausible story.
It's bad weather, to be sure, but we've seen worse.
It's easy to see Tom is a stranger here.
It's good to see you among all these strange faces.
It's no use. Tom can't be swayed.
It's strange, but true.
Just take one swallow of this medicine.
Let's invite them over for tea Sunday afternoon.
Let's sit around the stove and have a chat.
Let's suppose, for the sake of argument, that you're right.
Look how the trees sway in that wind.
Make sure of your facts before you write the paper.
Make sure Tom comes.
Mary stretched the clothesline between the trees.
My money has been stolen.
My shirt is torn at the elbow.
One of the piano strings is broken.
Our soccer team won every game last season.
Put the potatoes on the stove.
State your business.
Stop teasing Mary. Can't you see she's going to cry?
Stop yawning and stretching.
Straighten your tie.
Strange to say, I didn't notice it.
Strike out the last paragraph.
Strike Tom's name off the list.
Supper is ready.
Suppose we go to the movies tonight instead of tomorrow?
Suppose you wait till tomorrow?
Sure, I'll do it.
Surely you don't believe that.
Teaching languages isn't considered an easy job.
Tears won't do you any good.
Telegraph us when you get to Boston.
That bridge isn't strong enough to support so much weight.
That remark was in very poor taste.
That store supplies us with coffee.
That suit doesn't fit Tom very well.
That supports my arguments.
That tree's been struck by lightning.
That's a strange thing to say.
That's beyond my strength.
The judge sustained the lawyer's objections.
The plane taxied across the field to the hangar.
The police are questioning several suspects in this crime.
The police stationed a man at the door.
The road is straight for three kilometers.
The ship struck a submerged rock.
The store has enough shoes on hand to supply any normal demand.
The submarine finally came to the surface.
The sun just went down.
The two of them struck up a friendship very quickly.
The wheat fields stretch out for miles.
There was a meter of snow after the storm yesterday.
There was a terrible storm here last week.
There's been a steady stream of cars on the highway all day.
There's something strange about this house.
They carried the injured man out on a stretcher.
They promised not to go on strike during the conference.
They struck oil here recently.
They strung the electric wire from pole to pole.
They surrendered to the Allies.
They've been teasing Tom about his accent.
This color doesn't suit you.
This hole should be stopped up.
This material seems to change color when the light strikes it.
This method is slow but sure.
This needs a steady hand.
Tom asked a long string of questions.
Tom got the job on the strength of your recommendation.
Tom has always been straight with me.
Tom has made steady progress.
Tom invited us to his summer cottage.
Tom is a complete stranger to me.
Tom is sure to be back by 2:30.
Tom is sweating like a pig.
Tom issued an official statement.
Tom says he's swearing off smoking.
Tom stretched out on the couch.
Tom summed up the situation in very few words.
Tom summoned up enough courage to ask for a raise.
Tom sustained severe injuries in the accident.
Tom swears too much.
Tom tried to steady himself by grabbing the railing.
Tom was summoned to appear in court.
Tom works about nine hours at a stretch.
Tom works in the State Department.
Tom wrote a story for the school magazine.
Tom's coming too early took me by surprise.
Tom's father was very strict.
Tom's shirt was soaked with sweat.
Try to get the story straight.
We didn't run fast, but kept up a good steady pace.
We eat supper about six o'clock.
We finally struck a bargain.
We had a very pleasant stay at their house.
We need a fresh supply of tennis balls.
We plan to tear down that old hotel soon.
We stopped at a farmhouse overnight.
We stormed the enemy positions.
We'll go places if we team up with them.
We'll have to put a stop to this.
We're putting our furniture in storage for the summer.
We're running out of supplies.
We've already stored our furs for the winter.
What hotel are you staying at?
What were the workers striking for?
When do you stop work?
When I fix a thing, it stays fixed.
Where can I phone you this evening?
Where can we cross the stream?
Where's the telegraph office?
Who do you suspect stole your wallet?
Who is that stranger?
Who taught you how to drive a car?
Who tore this package open?
Who's the lawyer handling the suit?
Why don't you stop over at my place on the way?
Will you ask the waitress to bring me a straw?
Will you teach me French?
You can get a streetcar on this corner.
You can't stop me from thinking about it.
You said it would rain and sure enough it did.
You'd better have the land surveyed before you decide to build on it.
You'll have to teach me how to run this machine.
You're supposed to do it yourself.
You've stayed away a long time.
Do you know what it means when a man gives a woman a ring?
What do you think it means when a man gives a woman his key?
Do you know what it means when a man gives a woman expensive jewelry?
He isn't dumber than you.
She's not dumber than you.
It's not dumber than you.
They aren't dumber than you.
Tom examines the rock with a magnifying glass.
Tom examined the photo with a magnifying glass.
Tom made his position clear.
Tom was lying unconscious on the floor.
Tom put the dishes in the dishwater.
Tom was fired because he couldn't be trusted.
Tom flipped through the pages of his notebook.
Tom dropped his suitcase and ran away.
Tom gathered his belongings and headed for the door.
Tom gathered his papers and put them in his briefcase.
The shopkeeper gave me thirty-three cents in change.
Tom took out his camera and started taking pictures.
Tom got out of bed this morning later than usual.
Tom got to his feet and left the room.
Tom got up and began clearing the table.
Tom got up and went to the refrigerator for another beer.
Tom glanced at the clock on the wall.
Tom glared at Mary with hatred and disgust.
Tom went inside the dark room and switched on the lights.
Tom went through all the files in the drawer.
I'll stand guard now.
I'll stand guard now. Go get some sleep.
Tom grabbed his umbrella and headed for the elevator.
Tom grabbed some paper towels and wiped his hands.
Tom grabbed the remote control from Mary and changed channels.
Tom had every right to do what he did.
I think everybody knew that.
Tom and Mary had marital problems. I think everybody knew that.
I think everybody already knows that.
Shouldn't we turn the heaters off?
Shouldn't we turn off the heaters?
Tom handed Mary a bag of sunflower seeds.
Tom handed Mary an envelope filled with cash.
Tom had a confused expression on his face.
Tom has a distinctive scar under his right eye.
Tom has a face that people immediately trust.
Tom has been here almost three years now.
Tom has been working hard the whole time.
Tom has just confessed to killing Mary.
Tom had no idea what Mary and John were talking about.
Tom has no intention of leaving Boston.
Tom had no intention of saying anything.
Tom has refused to talk about himself.
Tom asked what was on everyone's mind.
Tom needs to take responsibility for his actions.
Tom hasn't been able to reach Mary.
Tom hasn't said anything since he got home.
Tom heard a noise and went to investigate.
Tom hurried out of the room.
The judge sentenced Tom to three years imprisonment.
The judge sentenced Tom to three years in prison.
I'm perfectly capable of carrying it myself.
I'm perfectly capable of doing this by myself.
I've been here nearly three months now.
I've decided to give everyone a raise.
Tom immediately headed for the door.
Tom insisted on staying and helping us clean up after the party.
Tom insisted on staying to help us clean up after the party.
Tom is a really in-your-face kind of guy.
Tom pulled some bills from his wallet.
Tom was beginning to realize what was going on.
Tom is being held prisoner somewhere.
Tom is going through a very difficult time.
Tom is in the bathroom brushing his teeth.
Tom is in his office looking over papers.
Tom was just standing there staring at Mary.
Tom lifted up a rock and looked under it.
Tom is looking forward to seeing you again.
Tom was lying in the hospital bed, unconscious.
My friend wants to live in Azerbaijan.
Have you ever gone to see a horse race?
My sister is on her way to London.
My brother is on his way to London.
Pray to the Holy Virgin.
You know what I just realized?
Half-destroyed walls used to stand there.
Pull the label off to open the box.
What you said made Tom angry.
Your hair looks nice.
The kitten is playing in the rain.
His ancestors would be proud.
"Tom, I have to tell you something. I love someone. His name starts with T and ends with M." "Er, who would that be? Is it someone I know?"
"Where will we go for lunch?" "Tom, you decide. I can't. "
"Why are you crying? Did I say something I shouldn't have?" "No, it's just that a drop of sweat got into my eye."
Just when she said "Ooh, what a beautiful star," a star fell across the sky and a blue light quickly fainted in a diagonal trajectory, dragging behind a faint tail.
Mary often wears revealing clothes.
I get a headache just hearing the name "Tom."
Can you spell "Massachusetts"?
Can I come tomorrow too?
My menstrual cramps have been horrible lately.
Don't tell Tom. I don't want to worry him.
Tomorrow is Saturday.
Language is the only thing worth knowing, even poorly.
The answer is actually quite simple.
You ruined my life!
The torrential rain did quite a bit of damage.
The storm water drains couldn't cope with the amount of water dumped during the storm, and a number of homes were flooded.
Tom can't get a job because he doesn't have any experience, but he can't acquire experience because he can't get a job.
The Canadian women's hockey team won the gold medal.
She won't stop calling and texting me.
I don't want to be friends with her.
I don't want to be friends with him.
I don't want to be friends with you.
Tom has a closet full of trophies that he won at competitions.
I moved to a new office this week.
Why haven't you told your parents?
The cat was stuck in the tree.
Sometimes Paris exhausts me, but often Brussels bores me. Therefore, I live between the two.
This could get interesting.
Tom didn't look happy about it.
You are very persistent, and that counts for a lot.
Why haven't you told your parents about us?
You should've told your parents about us a long time ago.
It's not worth discussing.
I saw them kissing.
It gets on my nerves when you forget to say thank you.
Your friend's enemy is your friend.
I would have logged in to Skype if my computer had not gotten unresponsive.
Yanukovych’s Mezhyhirya residence became a corruption museum of sorts.
In Dnipropetrovsk, Lenin Square has been renamed into Maidan Heroes Square.
A variety of books are displayed there.
We handle all type of books, both new and old.
I usually sleep soundly.
The little girl's doll is broken.
You must write more neatly.
You have come too soon.
Lovely flowers are growing everywhere.
I will be happy to go.
Success is never blamed.
Will she live?
The campers sat around the fire.
A little girl with a kitten sat near me.
If I am what I have and if I lose what I have who then am I?
May I ask what that means?
The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent.
Education makes machines which act like men and produces men who act like machines.
There is only one meaning of life: the act of living itself.
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
Ask yourself whether you are happy, and you cease to be so.
I wanted to read them.
You're ugly... but I love you.
You're ugly, but I love you anyway.
Man can be defined as the animal that can say I, that can be aware of himself as a separate entity.
Today was a pleasant day.
"You're playing a game? Can I join?" "Sure." "Okay, cool."
It is free of charge.
He just had food; he cannot be hungry.
I regret that some of our most intelligent colleagues obstinately cling to a purely technocratic view of language as if it were a machine built out of mechanical parts.
Love makes the time pass. Time makes the love pass.
Silence is true wisdom's best reply.
The day is for honest men, the night for thieves.
He was a wise man who originated the idea of God.
New faces have more authority than accustomed ones.
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
My New Year's resolution was to lose weight.
My friend talks too much and she's driving me crazy.
Mary's mother is very conservative.
I really like the way you do this.
The Sochi Winter Olympics are now over.
Russia won the Sochi Winter Olympics medal count.
Vegetarians are some of the healthiest people in the world.
I don't believe in low-carb diets.
If carbs are so bad, then why are the Japanese thin even though they eat lots of rice?
I never thought that Tom would one day become vegetarian.
Tom posted a video of himself singing and dancing on YouTube and it went viral.
I don't understand why a video of two female singers kissing is getting so much attention.
Tom can dance like a robot.
"Where is Tom?" "I don't know. Maybe he's dead."
Why is it impossible?
If you had to spend the rest of your life on a deserted island, who would you spend it with?
You look great in this picture.
She makes more money than I do.
"You make more money than I do." "That's because you don't have a job, Tom!"
Why does everyone hate Tom?
"That's impossible." "I must disagree with you. It's very much possible."
I hate her, but I don't know why.
I hate him, but I don't know why.
I've never seen a fat vegan.
I hate myself sometimes.
Mary has a scar from when she tried to commit suicide.
I believe that suicide is wrong.
Suicide is dangerous.
My friend has dark and suicidal thoughts and I don't know how I can help her.
I'm really bored right now.
Why wasn't I told about this?
It doesn't mean what you think it means.
No one is perfect.
Hello everyone! My name is Mary.
Hello everyone! My name is Tom.
Something's wrong, but I don't know what.
The Sochi Winter Olympics official mascots are The Polar Bear, The Hare, The Leopard and two aliens called The Snowflake and The Ray of Light.
We spent a lot of time together.
Brazil lost a great artist.
I'm listening to Celtic music.
"How many mobile phones do you have, Tom?" "How many? You mean, people actually have more than one?" "I have 4." "Why would you?"
I want to be reborn as a Canadian if I had the chance.
I have many issues with Tom's ideas, but the readability of his writing is worth learning from.
I'm going crazy from the cigarette stench in this room.
Ah, I forgot my mobile phone.
It looks like I lack the capacity for loving two at the same time.
My sleeping patterns have been turned upside down due to the Olympics.
The tension on the day of the match made me greet the morning without even sleeping a wink.
I feel ashamed for living on now.
I'm sure there will be a day when the world comes together as one.
Still sleepy, right?
My little brother wanted to read that comic you lent me the other day, so I'll be returning it after he's done.
A girl quietly approached the pair's workplace. The girl did so quietly — though to be accurate, she was a mute.
Which historical figure would you want to meet if you could?
I feel a little better now after crying all I had.
It hurts to even walk with my thigh muscles aching.
Between space and time.
The snow has accumulated knee-deep in Boston.
Eating habits in China have been rapidly becoming Americanized in recent years.
A white-haired man was playing an accordion outside the shop.
A young woman was playing a guitar while singing along in front of the fountain.
"It smells like popcorn." "It really does!"
Don't feel so down. Go have something tasty and cheer up.
Tom makes more money than Mary.
Tom makes more money than Mary does.
Tom doesn't make as much money as Mary.
Tom doesn't make as much money as Mary does.
He filled the cup to the brim.
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
He has a talent for music.
I haven't renovated the house yet.
If you want to stay healthy, don't heed the advice of a blogger.
I love Mary.
What is the meaning of this joke?
It was good while it lasted.
Some journalists claim that Russia and the U.S. are in confrontation as competitors in the battle for influence on the development of Ukraine.
Things are finally starting to come together.
Russia, the European Union and the U.S. are accusing each other of interference in Ukraine's domestic affairs.
Logic and common sense suggest that Russia, the European Union and the United States must act together.
Has this ever happened to you?
She seems totally at peace with herself.
I hope the light at the end of the tunnel is not from the train coming on me.
If you were only able to meet with one historical figure, who would you like to meet?
Is it okay to come tomorrow too?
Recently, my menstrual cramps have been severe.
The cat is sitting on the table.
I just received your message yesterday.
I haven't received any messages from you in a long time.
This year's weather is rather unusual.
This is very important to me.
There are five apples in this box.
When I entered the house, they all applauded.
A young woman was singing and playing the guitar in front of the fountain.
In front of the water fountain, there was a young woman accompanying herself on a guitar.
He had a leg amputated.
That's not quite right. It's even completely wrong in many cases.
That camera over there is mine.
Tom kept every letter Mary wrote him.
Do you know where your kids are right now?
Tom put his shirt on inside out.
Tom put on his shirt inside out.
Tom is in the kitchen making himself something to eat.
That was the most disgusting thing I've ever tasted.
Tom is wearing a white sports jacket.
Tom is obviously exhausted.
Tom was beginning to sweat profusely.
I'm sure Tom will like it.
I shouldn't have trusted Tom.
Tom shouldn't have trusted Mary.
Tom was seated at the table wrapping presents.
Tom just stood there with his eyes closed.
Tom must be mad at me.
That's a very good idea.
Interpreting is the basics of translation.
The translator was considered as a "neutral filter".
You can't translate without interpreting.
Machine translations improved a lot.
Translators are responsible people who interpret.
Interpreting is the basic principle.
There are strong responsibilities for translating and interpreting.
Understanding jokes is subjective.
This interpretation is subjective.
Some words have double meanings.
Tom put the book back on the shelf.
Tom already did that.
Do you watch TV news?
What type of TV news you watch?
Tom is taking care of it for us.
You can't read a story if you don't understand.
Tom wasn't looking at Mary, but he was listening to everything she was saying.
Tom isn't quite sure where he should go.
Tom isn't quite sure what he should do.
Is Boston a good place to live?
We trusted him.
Can we trust him?
We trusted her.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Sentence # in Tatoeba is sentence # in interlingua.
Money can't buy happiness, but neither can poverty.
Tom knows that it's dangerous to play with scissors.
Tom thought something wasn't right.
Tom won't be ready.
Tom knows nothing about what's been happening here.
Tom knows he can't change Mary's mind.
Tom knows getting angry won't do any good.
Tom knew there was no point in denying it.
Tom doesn't know what's been happening here.
Tom and Mary kept their marriage a secret from almost everyone.
I guess Tom really loves me.
Tom knows you're the one that started this.
Tom leaned over and kissed his daughter's forehead.
Let me know when you hear from Tom.
Tom left a message on my answering machine.
Let's hope they don't know we're coming.
I'm sorry I didn't believe you.
Tom looks like he's in his mid-thirties.
Tom looks like he's about to start crying.
Tom looks like he's about to cry.
Tom pointed at the security camera.
Tom looked around to see if anyone was watching.
Tom looked around the dark room with a flashlight.
Tom was unsure which way to go.
Tom wasn't sure which way he should go.
Tom looked around and then whispered something into Mary's ear.
Tom looked at his reflection in the mirror.
Tom looked at himself in the bathroom mirror.
Tom looked at himself in the rear-view mirror.
Tom was surprised by Mary's request.
Tom looked both ways before crossing the street.
Tom looked down the corridor.
Tom couldn't find his passport.
Tom thinks his passport has been stolen.
Tom wondered where he might have put his passport.
Tom looks like he wants to say something.
Tom was surprised that anyone else was there.
Tom looked up at Mary and smiled nervously.
Tom looked up and saw Mary standing there.
Tom looked up from his iPad and smiled at Mary.
Tom looked up when he heard approaching footsteps.
Tom asked Mary to provide another example.
Tom looked underneath the table.
Tom looked through the contents of the folder.
Tom looked through the contents of the package.
Tom looked through the debris on the floor.
Tom looked through the file.
Tom looked through the peephole in the door.
Tom looked through the window and saw Mary.
Tom looked through the window in the door.
Tom looked through the window at the street.
We need to keep things in perspective.
Are you going to ask Tom or not?
Tom was lying unconscious on the operating table.
Tom made a quick calculation in his head.
Tom made an appointment to meet Mary later.
Tom and Mary made handprints in the wet cement.
Tom makes the best spaghetti in the world.
Tom motioned for Mary to keep quiet.
Tom wanted a closer look at the blueprints.
Tom took off his bullet-proof vest.
Tom noticed the ring on Mary's finger.
Tom needed some money, so I offered to give him some.
Tom must've tried cleaning this without using soap.
Tom must've had time off last week.
Tom must've found out about the party from Mary.
Tom must've been there a couple of hours.
Tom must think he doesn't need to help Mary anymore.
Tom must have driven Mary's car last night.
Where did you take your degree?
Tom entered the empty room and immediately noticed a lit cigarette in the ashtray.
I think there's going to be trouble.
Tom's humorous speech thoroughly entertained his audience.
Tom's drinking has caused a lot of problems in his marriage.
Tom was drunk and obnoxious at the party and started a brawl.
Tom opened a cardboard box marked "living room stuff."
Tom opened his backpack and took out his iPad.
Tom opened the bag and poured out the sunflower seeds.
Tom opened the door to the interrogation room.
Tom opened the front door and went inside.
Tom owns a car dealership.
Tom paced back and forth.
Tom was easy to spot in the crowd wearing his daggy old bucket hat.
Tom pressed a button on the remote control.
Tom probably doesn't even know who Mary is.
Tom probably doesn't even know where Mary is.
Tom probably doesn't even know how old Mary is.
Tom probably doesn't even know how where Mary lives.
Tom probably doesn't even remember me.
Tom probably wants to know when Mary will be arriving.
Tom pulled a cigarette lighter from his pocket.
Tom pulled his suitcase out of the closet.
Tom pulled some bills out of his billfold.
Tom pulled open the door and stepped inside.
Tom pulled a cigarette lighter out of his pocket.
Tom pushed the door open and looked inside.
I didn't eat all the fries because they were too oily.
Tom reached over and opened the glove compartment.
Tom reached over and turned off the radio.
There's nothing to be nervous about.
I was denied access to his land.
Tom said good night to me and then left.
Tom said he didn't want anything from me.
Tom said he's really sorry for what happened.
Tom said he's thinking about taking a vacation.
Tom said he was coming here after work.
Tom said that he had everything under control.
Tom said I shouldn't bother him so much.
Tom said he was working on something important.
Tom said you were working on something important.
Tom says he can see you at 2:30.
Tom told me I should get myself a girlfriend.
Tom has been helping out around the house.
Tom told me you were a good hockey player.
What do you know about Australia?
It seems fairly obvious that Tom isn't happy here.
Tom seems to have changed his mind about staying.
Tom should never have been allowed to do that.
Tom should've done that weeks ago.
Tom sat at his desk going over paperwork.
Tom sat at his desk reading a report.
Tom was sitting in a comfortable armchair, reading the evening newspaper.
Tom was sitting in the living room folding laundry.
Tom sat with friends around a big table in the center of the room.
Tom sat with Mary, holding her hand.
Tom was sitting cross-legged on his bed, typing on his laptop.
Tom slowly pushed open the door and looked into the room.
Tom put three hundred dollars on the table.
Please tell me where we're going.
Please tell me what's going on.
Please tell me how to do this.
Tom spent over three hundred dollars on art supplies.
Tom stood up and headed for the bathroom.
Tom stood up and walked into the kitchen.
I very much want to speak with you.
They have to go to school.
Tom started to say something, but Mary interrupted him.
Tom stuck a handwritten sign on the door.
Tom stayed up all night studying.
Tom took his shoes and socks off.
Tom thinks Mary may have an eating disorder.
I thought you were going to come over last night.
Tom threw Mary a surprise birthday party.
Tom threw a wadded-up piece of paper at Mary.
Tom told me he didn't know anybody named Mary.
Tom told me he was having trouble sleeping.
Tom tried opening the door, but it was locked.
Tom tried the doorknob, but it wouldn't turn.
Tom unbuttoned the top button of his shirt.
Tom walked back inside the house and closed the door.
Tom walked to the window and looked outside.
Tom wasn't hurt in the accident.
Have you returned?
The design of these clothes is indeed rather nice, but they are a little expensive.
I do really want to watch this match, but I'm not sure if I have the time.
No matter how hard I try, I can't meet my parents' expectations.
Ever since his graduation from university until his retirement, Lao Wang had continually worked as a teacher.
I've been thinking a lot about Tom lately.
Tom has been with Mary all day.
Tom has been with our company for three years.
Tom has been working for us about three years.
Tom had absolutely nothing to do with it.
Tom had absolutely nothing to do with what happened here yesterday.
We're not going to be getting much sleep tonight.
Tom isn't happy here. Can't you see that?
Tom isn't my responsibility anymore.
Tom's obviously under a lot of stress.
There's a party at Tom's house tonight.
Tom was wearing a suit and carrying a briefcase.
Tom is old enough to make his own decisions.
Tom's office isn't where I thought it was.
Tom has been places that I've only read about.
Tom has seen things that I've only read about.
Tom said he knew where Mary was going.
Tom thinks he knows where Mary went.
Aren't you one of Tom's friends?
Tom is waiting for us in his office.
What are you doing with Tom's credit card?
What are you getting Tom for his birthday?
What did you think of Tom's speech?
What exactly are you looking for?
What exactly do you mean?
What exactly do you want?
What happened wasn't Tom's fault.
What makes you think Tom is Mary's boyfriend?
Who could resist an offer like that?
Who do you think wrote this note?
Why didn't you try calling Tom?
Why didn't you tell me about that earlier?
You didn't really mean that, did you?
You don't have anything to worry about.
You don't have to justify your decision.
You don't really mean that, do you?
Tom isn't good at keeping secrets.
You don't have to worry about Tom anymore.
You don't know anything about Tom, do you?
I don't remember anything about the incident.
You have everything you really need, right?
Have you gotten in touch with Tom?
You haven't gotten in touch with Tom yet, have you?
I'm not feeling that great.
You only have yourself to blame.
You're even prettier than Tom said you were.
You're not afraid of heights, are you?
I'm giving you a second chance.
Tom has more important things to worry about.
You only have one life. Live it happily and successfully.
The English language became prevalent around the world for many reasons.
Were you there before?
What do you suggest that we do now?
You are really talented.
Stay with us! You will learn fresh and interesting news earlier than every other inhabitant of our planet. Tatoeba: Always a good choice.
She has written several books.
Tom believes that the universe really has eleven dimensions.
Bring me some water, would you?
I'll do it tomorrow. I promise.
You are a very patient teacher.
It's not that you're disturbing me, don't get it wrong.
Mary was convinced that she would never get married.
Fortunately, common sense prevailed and the strike was called off.
John picked up the articles one by one and examined them.
Tom is a very handsome boy.
"Tom must be wondering what's taking so long." "I'll go reassure him."
Mary, look! Tom's on TV!
I didn't ask for any of this!
Just do it already.
Come on, Tom. Just do it already. What are you waiting for?
Why would anyone want to attack Tatoeba?
I don't have an accent!
For God's sake, Tom, what the hell is it?
He's cute as a bug's ear.
For God's sake, Tom, what the hell is this?
She has had multiple plastic surgeries, including breast augmentations and a nose job.
What does your dad do?
No one told me about that.
Do you work there, too?
How much time do you spend on your hair in the morning?
Tom is a famous chef.
Thanks for nothing, Tom.
The words escaped my lips.
You'd better come inside.
He has a lot female friends.
Tom is the only person who knows about this.
He bought me roses.
Have you told your mom?
Why are pandas so cute?
You should not have said that.
The ship ran aground on a sandbar.
I hope you don't take this the wrong way.
We should hang out more often.
Have you ever kissed a boy before?
Have you ever kissed a girl before?
You kissed him?
"Did he kiss you?" "No, I kissed him!"
What makes you think he likes you?
What makes you think she likes you?
What is there to discuss?
Do you know how much I paid for that?
Did he touch your breasts?
Tom is your boyfriend?
Who did you kiss?
Promise me you won't get mad if I tell you.
He's not responding to my texts.
Where did you find these?
They call it an English grammar book; I call it an arduous, soul-draining and depressing experience pushing the limits of human patience.
She's perfect at everything.
You're perfect at everything.
Isn't her ring gorgeous?
Tom got in with the wrong crowd during his teenage years and was arrested for car theft several times.
Poverty is no vice.
You shouldn't have done that without my permission.
How about this one?
I got another job.
Tom already knew that Mary had lots of money.
Tom would like to speak with you.
Tom and Mary both said they saw John hit Alice.
When did you realize something was wrong?
Her conflicting desires to consume chocolate and to lose weight resulted in her experiencing cognitive dissonance.
Tom began to light the candles on the table.
Tom lit the candles on the cake.
We should let Tom make up his own mind.
He had an idiosyncratic response to the medication.
"Exterminate," said the Dalek.
Forbidden fruit tastes sweetest.
She was incandescent with joy upon hearing his proposal.
Disease is all too often one of the concomitants of poverty.
I don't think you'll like the alternative.
Tom called to say that he'll be late.
Tom can be persuasive when he wants to be.
Tom can pick you up at the train station if you want him to.
She had only recently ended her convalescence.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't willing to help.
Her playful teasing galvanized him into action.
Tom can stay as long as he wants to.
He scrutinized the document one final time before approving it.
She squirmed sheepishly, not daring to meet her mother's eyes.
Your actions may be overly precipitous.
Her eclectic taste was evident from the unusual decor of the room.
Tom climbed in through the window.
Could you tell me what this is about?
Could you tell me what this is all about?
Tom covered his nose and mouth with his handkerchief.
Tom tried to calm Mary down.
Tom crumpled up the paper and threw it in the trashcan.
Tom carefully cut the fabric with a pair of scissors.
Tom eventually told the truth.
Tom gave Mary the wrong book deliberately.
Tom did eventually tell me something I needed to know.
Tom told me a few things I needed to know.
Tom did the exact same thing Mary did.
Did you have something you wanted to say?
I need to buy some rat poison.
Where's Toronto?
If the statement is incontrovertible, why are we arguing about it?
I was born to make you happy.
If your statement is indubitably true, why do I doubt it?
Does he like his new job?
You're sexy, trust me.
I fear the day when technology will surpass our human interaction. The world will have a generation of idiots.
How long until my order arrives?
Crafty is the Lord, but malicious He is not.
Tom is introverted and shy.
The company went bust, owing millions of dollars in unpaid wages and unfilled orders.
Did we want snow?
It may have been a quixotic quest, but surprisingly enough, it was successful.
They know him.
They said they know you.
They know you.
This is a great place to raise a family.
Mary works in human resources.
Tom didn't care enough even to make an effort.
Tom didn't come into work yesterday.
Tom didn't get there in time.
Tom didn't mention anything about that to me.
Tom paid someone to take the exam for him.
Academic fraud is more common than you think.
Tom didn't say anything about where he was going.
Tom didn't think he was good enough for Mary.
He who has a mind to beat a dog will easily find a stick.
Tom didn't think you'd understand.
Are you sure that's what you saw?
Do you think Tom was telling the truth?
Tom doesn't need to come into work tomorrow.
Tom doesn't care much one way or the other.
Tom didn't even bother looking up from his work.
Tom didn't even look at the letter Mary handed him.
Tom didn't seem surprised to see Mary at the concert.
Let's go to Tom's place! I heard there's going to be a huge party there tonight!
The Japanese population is shrinking.
Tom has an identical twin.
The Altamira cave is famous for its magnificent Paleolithic paintings.
Tom met his wife when he was studying in Germany.
Tom met his wife while he was studying in France.
This is a unique situation.
We never should have gone there.
Nothing is permanent.
Mary decided to become a yoga teacher.
You need to take good care of your house.
We could study languages together.
Canada is awesome!
How much money are we talking about?
They are hiding.
Tom is just an average Joe.
To be in the top 1%, you have to earn $350,USD or more.
Welcome to the family, Mina!
Do not disturb, I'm playing videogames.
Do not disturb, I'm studying languages!
Is it your first trip here?
I know exactly who it is.
I heard that she was pregnant.
What are you guys doing here?
He's already engaged to someone else.
She was sure that she had found the love of her life.
Did you hear about Tom?
Do you want to come to my place?
Are any of your brother's friends single?
Are any of your sister's friends single?
"What did you say?" "What do you think I said?"
Tom is a rocket scientist.
February is over.
Tom convalesced near the ocean after his illness.
I don't know what happened to Tom to make him act like that.
Patients who have an optimistic, positive attitude generally have a smoother recovery after surgery.
I don't want him to die.
I don't want her to die.
We stopped at the monastery and went inside.
They both fell in love with the same man.
They both fell in love with the same woman.
If there is no God, everything is permitted.
Keeping existing clients is just as important as finding new ones.
The princess dressed as a boy to escape from the palace.
They sat under the pergola.
Nobody noticed me.
Tom was at the party and he drove me home.
Do you love nature?
Tom and Mary fell in love and decided to get married.
He looks at himself all day in the mirror.
She looks at herself all day in the mirror.
Tom is a terrible driver.
Tell me everything you know about him.
Tell me everything you know about her.
About 1.million people die from car crashes every year.
If you've got nothing else to do, then count the Greek islands.
To kill someone for committing murder is a punishment incomparably worse than the crime itself.
I happen to know Tom rather well.
It's easier for a Russian to become an atheist than for anyone else in the world.
The crisis is entering a dangerous phase.
Academic fraud is more common than you might think.
Academic fraud may be more common than you think.
Academic fraud is probably more common than most people think.
I like to pretend that I'm a foreigner because it's funny!
Can I wear a mask at this party?
What's the difference between "May I" and "Can I"?
This is a such good student.
Did you hear about what happened to Tom?
Did you hear about what Tom did?
We're going to have an extra class soon, guys!
Don't let them know about this, OK?
Coming right up, sir.
I got hurt.
I'm not going to make any comment about this.
I'm about to get married!
Can you see the woman standing behind Tom? That's Mary.
Well, I really can't say.
I keep studying languages.
On the house, Tom.
I'm so glad I had a class last night because it was awesome!
She's a wannabe actress.
That is really interesting.
You do look a little better today.
I'm so stupid, I completely believed her.
I've got to talk to everybody.
What's Tom's full name?
I've got reservations for us.
I've got reservations for lunch.
I've got reservations for dinner.
They tricked me!
They wanted me out of the way.
This is my coach.
We've been working for five years now.
I've been trying to speak with you. What happened?
I have not let you down.
Why don't you try to clear up this whole thing for me, then?
They think they're always in my shadow.
Don't worry, Tom. I've got this.
You're talking crazy now.
Don't worry, guys. I've got this.
You've made up quite a story there.
You're always so sure about yourself.
How many languages do you know?
Mary is an activist.
I wonder how I'll pay the rent this month.
You're not ugly. You're unique and beautiful in your own way.
Your hair is perfect.
Many people do this.
We need to protect our children.
Perfect guys don't exist, but there's always one guy that is perfect for you.
Mary is a freelance writer.
We made a deal.
As a child, I loved Barbie.
I saw this in a movie.
Sorry, I am late.
Do enemies listen to their enemies?
He will write soon.
He came soon.
Scores of heavily armed soldiers have tightened their grip on the capital. They are blocking streets and cordoning off government buildings as well as the airport.
About eighty percent of Russian gas exports to Europe pass through Ukraine.
The new government is faced with the threatening gestures of a neighboring great power.
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
Tom's fitness has improved markedly under his new coach.
Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.
I am taking an extended break from the Internet.
Tom has an extraordinary array of trophies.
Tom is a stickler for detail and is ideally suited for his job as a proofreader.
Elementary, my dear Watson.
The searchers could hear faint calls coming from deep within the cave.
What one man can invent another can discover.
Tom gets on well with all his neighbours.
Other than the things I have just listed, nothing else has a given property.
This virtual problem is blown out of proportion.
I do believe it's called a leek.
The life of a man is of no greater importance to the universe than that of an oyster.
As for myself, I'm pretty irresponsible, like most other humans.
Seems like every problem we manage to solve requires a greater genius to correct the damage the solution had caused.
I understand you to a certain degree.
The law always limits every power it gives.
To hate, to love, to think, to feel, to see; all this is nothing but to perceive.
Truth springs from argument amongst friends.
You're students, aren't you?
Usually, we shake hands when we meet someone for the first time.
We did talk about it.
It is as absurd to say that a man can't love one woman all the time as it is to say that a violinist needs several violins to play the same piece of music.
It's so important to speak so many languages.
It's so much fun to speak in so many languages.
We always take a bus.
Bus tickets in Brazil are quite expensive.
I always take a bus.
He's a bus driver.
He's not a bus driver, is he?
That's all I have to do.
If you can read this, it means that you can speak one language!
That's all you have to do!
Sometimes I take a bus to visit my girlfriend.
The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play the violin.
There is no bus available at this time.
Why are you going to take a bus? I'll give you a lift.
True love is eternal, infinite, and always like itself. It is equal and pure, without violent demonstrations: it is seen with white hairs and is always young in the heart.
How are you fixed with money?
Those who lose themselves in passion lose less than those who lose their passion.
My mother is now in the kitchen cooking.
Land prices are very high in Japan.
Don't forget to answer the letter.
I'll visit a museum today.
I'll go to a museum today.
It's really expensive, isn't it?
I've climbed Mt. Aso.
The tensions between the two countries are growing rapidly.
Who's the artist, if I may ask?
I think that's too expensive.
Do you know what the difference is?
What kind of books do you like?
A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning.
A man is a poor creature compared to a woman.
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea.
Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies.
Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact.
Your train is on track number three.
You're very kind to me.
You're too thin. You ought to eat more.
You'd better think up a good excuse for being late.
You shouldn't trust your memory so much.
You don't have to shout at the top of your voice.
Won't you come in for a minute?
Will you reserve a room for me for tomorrow?
Will you figure out the total for me?
Will it be any trouble for you to work tonight?
Why, no, I'm not tired.
Why, what do you mean?
Why not come along with us?
Why is the train so crowded today?
Why don't you think about it for a while before you make up your mind?
Who's the top man here?
Who's the lady who just came through the door?
Who's the fellow that just said hello to you?
Who's going to try your case?
Who'll buy the theater tickets?
Who threw that?
Who thought this up?
Who do you think will win the tennis title this year?
Who are those people you were talking to?
Where's my towel?
Where is your wife?
Where can I park this truck?
When do they open the dining room?
What's the total amount of the bill?
What's the theme of the novel?
What're those things you're carrying there?
What was that you said a minute ago?
What shall we do tonight?
What do you think of that guy?
What do you have on the menu today?
What do I do then?
Well, you know what they say.
Well, then, let's talk it over.
Well, then, if you want me to I'll do it.
We've heard a lot of nice things about you.
We'll have to give some thought to it.
We won six to two.
We searched the house from top to bottom.
We haven't done a thing all week.
We go to the movies now and then.
We decided that we'd go in our car and they'd take theirs.
Toss the ball to Tom.
Tom's work has gone from bad to worse.
Tom's story really touched us.
Tom's remarks touched off a violent argument.
Tom's income totals thirty thousand dollars a year.
Tom's hair is thinning.
Tom willed all his property to the city.
Tom will go for days without smoking a cigarette.
Tom will change his tune when he finds out what's in store for him.
Tom was dying of thirst.
Tom tore the letter to bits.
Tom told us a whole pack of lies.
Tom threatened to leave if he didn't get a raise.
Tom spoke in an angry tone.
Tom made several tries, but failed each time.
Tom left a widow and three children.
Tom is the man for the job.
Tom is always thoughtful of his parents.
Tom is a true scientist.
Tom has a very thick accent.
Tom had an unusual thirst for knowledge.
Tom died without leaving a will.
Tom certainly knows a thing or two about business.
Tom caught a whole string of fish.
Thousands of women were widowed by the war.
Those pants are much too long. They almost touch the ground.
Those children are making too much noise.
This tooth hurts.
This theater will hold three thousand people.
This soup needs a touch of salt.
This newspaper has a wide circulation.
This machine won't work.
This hotel is famous throughout the world.
This has been a trying day.
This chair needs a few more touches of paint.
Think nothing of it.
Things are pretty tough these days.
They work together very well.
They have been tuning the organ all day.
They give concerts here in the summer.
They did it themselves.
There's a movie theater on the corner.
There's a gang of tough kids on this street.
There, now you've done it.
There are a few good hotels in town.
Then why bother at all?
Their house is near here.
The whole town's talking about Tom and Mary.
The walls of my room are too thin.
The teacher assigned a three-page theme for Friday's class.
The sooner we're paid, the better.
The sky is cloudy today.
The rock flew through the open window.
The road is three meters wide at this point.
The plans were drawn up, but the deal fell through.
The nurse gave the patient his orange juice through a glass tube.
The meat is too tough to eat.
The light was so bright that it hurt our eyes.
The fog is getting thick.
The decision is wholly up to you.
The crowd went wild when the news was announced.
The carpenter brought his tools along.
That's the painter whose picture you want to buy.
That's the man I mean.
That's the book I've been looking for.
That's the author whose book you praised yesterday.
That's a pretty tune the orchestra is playing.
That water tower holds a three-day supply.
That really was a tough break.
That cloth feels nice to the touch.
That child certainly has a will of his own.
Thanks for your trouble.
Thanks for all you've done for me.
Take the first turn to your right.
Sometimes you try my patience too much.
Put the top of your car down.
Put the package on top of the table.
Please send them my regards.
Please don't touch those books.
Our car was a total loss after the accident.
Our car is rather old, but so is theirs.
One of my tires blew out coming down here.
On this job, you've got to be on your toes all day long.
On the whole, I agree with you.
Nail the notice on the trunk of that tree.
My toes are frozen.
My father sent me abroad against my will.
My arm has been troubling me ever since my accident.
My apartment needs touching up.
May I trouble you for a match?
May I come, too?
Let's walk toward town.
Let's wait until the crowd thins out.
Let's try and get there on time.
Let's total up our expenses for the month.
Let's sit down and talk things over.
Let's send Tom a letter of thanks.
Let's meet at the same place that we met last time.
Let's go to the movies.
Let's finish this today, so that we can rest tomorrow.
Let's call them together for a meeting.
Let them decide.
Just three kilometers past my house is complete wilderness.
It's too hot to go for a walk.
It's a wicked thing to do.
It was no trouble at all.
It rained throughout the night.
It may not be the best wine there is. It's pretty good, though.
It looks as though it may rain.
Is today payday?
Is this a through street?
Is the road wide enough for two-way traffic?
Is the ice thick enough for skating?
Is it true that you got a new car?
Is it far to town?
If you'll get a needle and thread, I'll sew your button on.
If you don't care for Tom, don't toy with his affections.
If you do that you'll leave yourself wide open.
I've never tried this dish before.
I've looked throughout the house.
I've got a hole in the toe of my sock.
I've been trying to find the hotel all day.
I've been out of touch with things for several months now.
I'm truly sorry for what I said.
I'm too tired to go on.
I'm sure my wallet was on top of the dresser.
I'm sorry that this happened.
I'm glad you came out on top.
I'll thread the needle for you.
I'll see you tomorrow morning.
I'll make a thorough investigation.
I'd think twice about that, if I were you.
I'd like to try that suit on again.
I'd like a kilogram of sugar, too.
I'd like a half a kilogram of these and a half a kilogram of those.
I won't be in town this Sunday.
I was shocked to see how thin Tom had gotten.
I want a large tube of toothpaste.
I trust you slept well.
I tried to apologize, but the words stuck in my throat.
I think you've been seeing things ever since that accident.
I think you're asking too much for this hat.
I think you're all wrong on that.
I think I'll go now.
I think I can get through this book tonight.
I need a piece of wood about three inches thick.
I like this room.
I know the tune, but I don't know the words.
I knew then and there that I could never get along with Tom.
I intend to stay a whole week.
I have to go now. Did you see where I put my things?
I have to get my teeth fixed.
I have only myself to thank for this mess.
I hate to waste time on such a wild idea.
I don't want to put you to any trouble.
I don't want that much milk.
I don't trust this driver.
I don't remember the title of that movie.
I don't like the idea of them going without us.
I didn't catch my train, even though I ran all the way.
I didn't care for the third act of the play.
I can't think of a thing.
I can't eat this much food.
I ate a whole lot of cookies.
How far's the top of the mountain?
Here, try my pen.
Have you seen tonight's paper?
Have you met all these people?
Has my trunk come yet?
Give this to Tom when he comes in.
Give me some of those.
Every time I think of Tom, I get a lump in my throat.
Do you suppose we can get together some evening?
Do you know this man?
Do you know their address?
Do you have title to that property?
Do you have something better than this?
Did you try this key?
Did they really do all that work by themselves?
Come here this minute.
Can't you work any faster than that?
Can you get there by car?
Can we find anybody that knows this town?
Buy some toys.
As long as we've driven this far, we might as well go on.
Are you telling me the truth?
Are you a friend of theirs?
Are they the people you told me about?
Are these bags yours?
Are there any vacancies at your hotel?
Are their wives permitted to see them?
Apply this cream to your face.
Am I too late?
Would you like some more bread?
First love is a kind of vaccination which saves a man from catching the complaint the second time.
Excuse me, which way is the station?
Wait. I can't walk that fast.
Excuse me, where is the taxi stand?
Love is a game in which one always cheats.
Love is the poetry of the senses.
Modesty is the conscience of the body.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power.
The cats seem very happy.
Today has been a good day.
I like strawberries very much.
He doesn't like to speak in public.
Can you see him moving?
Can you see her moving?
The train's about to leave. Hurry up.
This is not a threat.
The White House worries that the crisis could escalate.
There's nothing we can do to save Tom.
There's nothing we can do to save Tom at this point. All we can do is pray.
Why does this matter?
If you drive carefully you'll avoid accidents.
He caught a mouse.
If all else fails, read the instructions.
It was only after Tom had been lost for over an hour that he got the map out to see where he was.
In response to Angela Merkel's concern regarding the developments in Crimea and Ukraine as a whole, Vladimir Putin drew the attention to the unrelenting threat of violence by ultra-nationalist forces, endangering the lives and legitimate interests of Russian citizens and the entire Russian-speaking population.
Vladimir Putin and Angela Merkel agreed to continue consultations both in the bilateral format (through the two nations' Foreign Ministries) and multilaterally to promote the stabilization of the situation in Ukraine.
Tom finished with a withering burst and won the race by the smallest of margins.
Is this sentence correct, teacher?
Tom doesn't really want to go.
Tom doesn't really want to go swimming with us.
Tom didn't really want to leave the party early, but something came up.
Tom doesn't seem to have been injured badly.
Tom doesn't seem to think we're in any danger.
Tom doesn't seem to think he needs to go to the hospital.
Tom doesn't want to go to lunch with you.
Tom downed the rest of his drink and left the bar.
Tom dropped out of school when he was thirteen.
Tom dropped his coffee cup on the kitchen floor.
Can you drop me off at the station on your way home?
Could you drop a package off at Tom's on your way to the post office?
Tom drops his kids off at school on his way to work every day.
Tom is looking for a convenience store that sells lottery tickets.
Tom entered the dark room and flipped the light switch.
Tom entered the dark room and turned on the lights.
Tom went back to where he had met Mary earlier.
If not for the Russian intervention, the Crimean crisis would have ended long ago.
Angela Merkel is not sure whether Putin is ‘in touch with reality’.
Does their father work for the canton?
The Portuguese man Vasco da Gama discovered the maritime route which leades from Portugal around the continent of Africa to India.
Solitude is fine, but you need someone to tell you that solitude is fine.
Study lends a kind of enchantment to all our surroundings.
The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance of the woman.
He's the only man who could live with her for so long.
Mary can't make ends meet on her pension. That's why she works half-days as a cleaning lady in a restaurant.
There is something great and terrible about suicide.
Oh my God, it's a lion! Get in the car!
Those who spend too fast never grow rich.
Virtue, perhaps, is nothing more than politeness of soul.
What is a child, monsieur, but the image of two beings, the fruit of two sentiments spontaneously blended?
What does your father work as?
He reeled in a huge fish yesterday.
I wish everybody would stop telling me I need to be more careful.
Flowing water does not stagnate.
This plan is currently under consideration.
This river flows into the Pacific Ocean.
It's a slow day, huh.
Tom filled the bathtub with water.
I'll have to work harder on my Japanese studies.
I'm sorry, but my mother is out at the moment.
Tom slumped back in his chair.
Tom found a half-eaten apple behind the toaster.
This child aspires to become a lawyer in the future.
Tom found his missing shoe under the coffee table.
You could've told me about this earlier.
I don't feel so hot today.
Tom shaved his head with a straight-edge razor.
What kind of work does your father do?
Tom flicked the switch and the lights came on.
You might have prevented the accident if you hadn't been so inattentive.
What is art? Nature concentrated.
Tom flipped the switch and the lights came on.
When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes; when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues.
Tom opened his guitar case and took out his guitar.
Tom gathered his things and headed toward the door.
Tom thinks that everything will turn out OK.
Tom took a clipboard out of his briefcase.
Tom got back in his car and drove away.
Wisdom is the understanding of celestial things to which the Spirit is brought by Love.
Tom got in his car and started the engine.
Tom got on his motorcycle and started it up.
Tom seems to be looking for something.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
The winter has been very cold.
The winter was cold and snowy.
We have not had much snow.
We haven't had much snow this winter.
This should be more than enough.
Tom got up and went into the other room.
Clouds signify the veil of the Most High.
Tom got up and walked over to the window.
Tom got up from the table and walked into the kitchen.
She can't be ill.
Tom went over to the window and looked out.
You have to work harder on your Japanese studies.
Tom took a screwdriver out of the tool chest.
Tom grabbed his jacket and headed out the door.
Remorse is impotence, impotence which sins again. Repentance alone is powerful; it ends all.
The most real of all splendors are not in outward things, they are within us.
Physically, a man is a man for a much longer time than a woman is a woman.
Temptations can be got rid of. How? By yielding to them.
The general title (of Balzac's novels) is The Human Comedy.
A woman must be a genius to create a good husband.
You might have told me about it long ago.
I prefer thought to action, an idea to an event, reflection to activity.
Men are so made that they can resist sound argument, and yet yield to a glance.
Today it is cold.
To cause laughter without joining in greatly heightens the effect.
After I have worked in the garden, I always wash my hands thoroughly.
The rain forecast for yesterday didn't eventuate.
Police cordoned off the area and carried out a thorough search for the fugitive.
They gave us one last chance.
He gave me one last chance.
She gave me one last chance.
I'm giving you one last chance.
Tom is a very clever man.
She's beautiful, stylish and well-educated.
Tom realized that Maria was miserable.
Tom realized Maria was tired.
This is my umbrella, not Tom's.
Tom is somewhat older than I.
I promised not to say anything.
I don't want Tom to know. This has to be our secret.
I promised that I would not say anything.
I wasn't able to attend the meeting due to illness.
Everything happened so fast.
It exists, but since it's taboo and nobody talks about it, there's no need to give it a name.
I had a f***ing blast last night.
She made me promise not to say anything to you.
He made me promise not to tell.
Paper production remained a state secret for a long time.
A teacher's salary is less than an attorney's.
Unfortunately it was a guy.
There are more women than men in the world.
Her hair is dry.
She has snow-white skin.
They found out their families didn't get along.
She's usually home on Sundays.
The days are getting noticeably shorter now that autumn has arrived.
I'm sorry. I should have called first.
Guns don't kill people, people with guns do.
Did you watch the Oscars?
I won't let anyone push me around.
You shouldn't let Tom push you around like that.
You shouldn't let Tom push you around.
It's not always easy to tell the difference between good and bad.
Rajinikanth is a superstar in India.
I'm not in a position to give you any advice.
Read chapter four by Friday.
There's nothing this thing can't eat.
I love this album.
I borrowed your pillow.
She plays Minecraft day in, day out.
Minetest is a clone of Minecraft.
He stuck his head in the sand like an ostrich.
Tom was a kind and gentle man, well loved by all who knew him.
Even though Tom eats mostly junk food, he rarely gets sick and his BMI is in the normal range.
Tom handed an envelope to Mary and she opened it.
Tom handed Mary an official-looking sheet of paper.
Tom had difficulty paying attention.
Tom has a proposal he'd like us to consider.
Tom has absolutely no idea what he's supposed to do.
Did you look under the table?
Tom has been drinking, but he isn't drunk.
Tom went into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee.
Tom had no idea what Mary was talking about.
Tom has no intention of doing what Mary told him he has to do.
Tom has other things on his mind right now.
Tom picked up the paper and turned it over.
Tom has some things to talk to you about.
Tom has something he wants to tell you.
Tom has thinning gray hair.
Tom had to admit to himself that Mary was right.
Tom hasn't said a word since he got here.
I haven't thought about Tom in a long time.
Tom hates it when people keep him waiting.
Tom's wife said she was leaving him.
Tom heard Mary talking to herself.
Tom heard the sound of a door being shut.
Tom heard the sound of a gun being cocked.
Tom helped me to understand a lot of things.
Tom held the canteen of water to Mary's lips.
Tom held the coin between his thumb and forefinger.
Tom was holding a bloody knife in his hand when the police entered the room.
They swim very quickly.
You swim very quickly.
Tom grabbed the fire extinguisher and put out the fire.
I don't want to see anybody get hurt.
I'll come with you if you want me to.
I'll make sure that doesn't happen again.
I hope that doesn't happen again.
I'll stay a while longer if you want me to.
I'll talk with you about that later.
I'll talk with you about this later, OK?
I'm afraid I have some bad news.
I'm afraid I have some rather bad news.
It doesn't matter what you do.
It doesn't matter what I do.
It doesn't matter what Tom does.
I'm glad to hear that you're getting better.
I'm going to get myself something to drink. Do you want something, too?
I'm pretty sure Tom has left town by now.
I've been working with Tom for three months.
I've thought about that a lot.
Tom was already in the classroom when I got there.
No woman dares to refuse love without a motive, for nothing is more natural than to yield to love.
They are already able to listen to the album.
There are standard behaviors.
You can't translate if you don't interpret correctly.
There is a shared knowledge.
There is a shared language.
It is a very pragmatic culture.
We recognize coherence in texts.
You can't have a conversation without an interlocutor.
There are more complex elements in longer conversations.
She's seeking for solidariety from a friend.
He's seeking for solidariety from a friend.
God is the author, men are only the players. These grand pieces which are played upon earth have been composed in heaven.
The book you need is called "Structure and Thought".
The author of the book is called Kitto.
You prefer a paperback edition.
The book is not available at the moment.
They're speaking together.
They don't have completely clear ideas.
Ask for a book you're looking for.
The book, this time, is available.
Do you know me? - No, I do not know you.
A woman filled with faith in the one she loves is the creation of a novelist's imagination.
My older sister is beautiful.
I go shopping every morning.
It's so expensive!
A great love is a credit opened in favor of a power so consuming that the moment of bankruptcy must inevitably occur.
Before you put the knife away, please wipe it dry so that it will not rust.
Misfortune makes of certain souls a vast desert through which rings the voice of God.
Poetry is only born after painful journeys into the vast regions of thought.
You cannot pluck love out of your heart as you would pull a tooth.
He showed him a bird.
At fifteen, neither beauty nor talent exist: a woman is all promise.
God is the poet; men are but the actors. The great dramas of earth were written in heaven.
I have a friend in Spain who speaks five languages.
Why is nobody around when I'm horny?
Will you come to see us?
Tell me your names.
Sleeping is for the weak.
If you just crouch a little, the signal flag can just be seen flicking in and out of sight.
Perhaps he had an argument with his wife, but it's out of the question that he hit her.
I was expelled from school.
Tom brews his own beer.
Tom brews his own beer at home.
Tom makes his own wine.
Tom makes his own wine at home.
Biodynamic farmers plant according to the moon phases.
Biodynamic agriculture is based on anthroposophy, a philosophy founded by Rudolf Steiner, which postulates the existence of a spiritual world.
According to astrology, moon phases influence our lives.
Tom can't tell the difference between cheap and expensive wine.
Tom should be landing in Boston right about now.
The tree is sick.
My tree looks sick. What's wrong with it?
The cake didn't turn out well because the flour was past its use-by date.
The flour was past its use-by date, so the cake only rose half as much as it should have.
Tom is especially known for his tragic roles in motion pictures and at the theatre.
My tree looks sick. I wonder what's wrong with it.
My goldfish looks sick. I wonder what's wrong with it.
Tom was a shrewd businessman and his company went from strength to strength.
Tom and Maria dressed up as the Evil Wolf and the Little Red Riding Hood for Rosenmontag.
Mary's post-operative abdominal pain was caused by the surgeon leaving a surgical instrument inside her.
Tom and Mary's house was broken into in broad daylight, while the family was in the garden.
Tanning beds are dangerous and can cause cancer.
Indoor tanning is particularly dangerous for younger users.
Are you more a summer person or a winter person?
Tom used to be a mama's boy.
"What did you have for lunch?" "Gyoza that Maria made herself. They were really delicious!"
Who's going to take care of my dog while I'm gone?
Melanoma is an epidemic in young women.
Going to live abroad is a major decision.
I love secrets.
The Japanese high tech rice cooker that I bought is really worth every penny.
There is much that we can learn from the Japanese.
Mary saw much worth imitating during her stay in Japan.
Palm oil is destroying the rainforest.
Mary returned home from Japan with many new and progressive ideas.
You look so healthy!
These clothes make you look thinner.
The snake ate the crocodile.
I saw a photo of a 10-foot python eating a crocodile.
Congratulations! You've been selected to receive a free cruise to the Bahamas!
The used car salesman seemed a bit dodgy to me.
It really sucks when scatology turns to eschatology, or the other way round.
Since September retailers have been obliged to have clear labels showing customers the meat content in sausages and burgers.
Why is it easier to park the car backwards than forwards?
Pinching the back of your shoulder should help you to cure hiccups.
How many humps would an offspring of a Bactrian and a dromedary camel get?
There is a good reason why the cucumber is used as the epitome of cool.
Why do sheep not shrink in the rain?
Ann is doing an invitation.
This conversation is an extremely complex phenomenon.
The games must go on.
What a great strike!
One of the people I know in real life was trying to come up with a glove to increase your brain's functionality in taste, touch etc. I told him he was nuts but he still thinks it is the best thing since sliced bread!
I married foreigners.
There goes my class teacher.
I'd rather have tea instead of coffee.
She called the psychiatrist.
I've lost my strength.
I think we are in agreement.
So what if I'm gay?
She was about to leave.
I got a job offer.
Nobody understands you.
Sulfuric acid was once known as "oil of vitriol."
This is not what I wanted to say.
I'm drinking.
How can you be so pessimistic?
Which fruit do you want?
Social relationships influence conversations.
I suddenly realized that my watch was gone.
The setting influences the conversation.
Everyone likes them.
I need more paper for my drawings.
I will not be able to participate in the company meetings in May as I will be traveling in Asia during that time.
There's no one to look after her.
The absence of a greeting means something.
The second question is needed to provide an answer to the first one.
Answers display different degrees of understanding.
Some conversations clarify mistakes and misunderstandings.
Complex transcriptions are difficult to read.
It's useless to translate things that people don't want to say.
The use of "oh" in English is quite complex.
"Oh" can show surprise.
"Oh" can give emphasis to the statement.
What is the sequential rule?
This is structured as a short speech.
The readers are the real target of interviews.
These are characteristics of the spoken language.
Please write, on a piece of paper, something you like about the person sitting next to you.
Respond.
Conversations can be based on reactions.
There are many ways to react to compliments.
I grind my coffee by hand with a coffee grinder with a crank handle.
Please do not invite crime by leaving handbags and valuables on your seat unattended.
You can't separate dreams from reality?
Mary is staying up late this week to prepare for her term end tests.
Tom ordered a large double cheeseburger and fries.
Tom is eating lunch with Mary in the dining room.
The room was filled with cigarette smoke.
You need to fill out these forms.
Tom followed Mary out of the house.
I like reading the "La Ondo de Esperanto" magazine.
I will take you to my palace tomorrow.
Don't be noisy or step out.
We need to find a solution soon.
We're desperate to find a solution.
Tom is going to be executed in three days.
Could you please get the jar of peanut butter from the top shelf for me?
Tom is in need of medical attention right away.
Tom was interrupted by a knock at the door.
Tom is just sitting on the porch, doing nothing.
Tom just sat there, looking at his reflection in the window.
Tom was standing near the entrance.
Tom picked up the broken pieces of glass off the floor.
Tom put on a pair of surgical gloves.
Tom picked up the newspaper and read the headlines.
Tom was reading the newspaper when Mary walked in.
Tom was reading the sports page when Mary came into the living room.
Tom was seated at a table by the sidewalk.
Tom was shaken by the experience.
Tom was standing at the bar, having a beer.
Tom was standing at the bar, drinking a beer.
Children should only speak when they're spoken to.
I'm not working for you anymore.
I'm not going to work for you anymore.
I don't want to work for you anymore.
Tom never said he wanted to work for you.
I've decided to quit working here.
You're part of me.
The rain today matches my mood well.
The rent is far too high.
My wife keeps to a strict diet.
Always keep your fingernails and toenails trimmed.
I had this illness before.
Sorry, I didn't understand well what you said.
The world will be saved by beauty.
This morning I had a pain in my left eye, but it is less painful now.
That sounds strange.
Bypassing this obstacle, you find your way again.
Where is your jacket?
Where is your coat?
I had my shoes polished.
Tom nodded in agreement.
Tom shook his head uncomprehendingly.
In war the law stays silent.
God makes you healthy, and the doctor gets the money.
The cat escaped from being hit by the car.
Have you received the cheque?
Did you get the cheque?
Nothing is worse than telemarketing.
My father loves to travel by plane.
The big ship rammed a fishing boat.
He kissed her hand.
He gave her a kiss on the hand.
No, the sky won't fall on our heads.
There's something true in what he says.
He's doing his German homework.
How many photos are in this album?
It's so warm in this room that I'm sweating.
Take her hair, parted down the middle, and separate the right front section. Repeat the same for left. Twist each side and secure them together in the back with a clip.
We can't leave until Tom and Mary get here.
We can't allow Tom to continue behaving that way.
The police found a hidden camera in Tom's living room.
Do you not see with your own eyes the chrysalis fact assume by degrees the wings of fiction?
We've found an eyewitness that says you shot Tom.
You probably shouldn't mention that to anyone.
You probably shouldn't tell anybody about that.
All the letters on the desk are addressed to Tom.
Tom was a patient of mine.
Tom is waiting for Mary to arrive.
Summer has come early.
It very likely is going to be dangerous.
It's very likely going to be dangerous.
It won't hurt to wait a while longer.
It won't hurt to wait a little longer.
We were over at Tom's place last night playing cards.
Tom asked me to leave the door unlocked.
Tom has other business to attend to.
Tom knows how dangerous it's going to be.
Tom knows that everything Mary is saying is true.
Tom knows that he's got some explaining to do.
Tom knows that Mary still isn't telling him everything.
Tom knows what we've been trying to do.
"Your Majesty, I have sensed great evil!" "Send Link to aid—" "It isn't Ganon!" "About time it's not him. He was starting to bore me. Who is it then, boy?" "I know not, but... it's already here!"
"Remember me?" "No." "Well, well. I'm surprised you don't recognise me!" "Are we supposed to?"
You'd forget your head if it were not attached!
According to you.
Dane prefers having dogs over cats.
Marie wasn't thirsty.
What do you want to do when you grow up?
I got the house number wrong.
The children are moving their toothbrushes as if they are cleaning their teeth, but they can't fool me.
An honourable death is better than a shameful life.
Tom left the front door open when he left.
Tom forgot to lock the front door when he left.
Tom often forgets to lock the front door.
After your death you will be what you were before your birth.
A man can be himself only so long as he is alone.
Reading is equivalent to thinking with someone else's head instead of with one's own.
Every parting gives a foretaste of death, every reunion a hint of the resurrection.
I clean my teeth before I go to sleep.
What will we do with the leftover bread?
He who chases two hares catches none.
It is a complete mistake.
"Enough! I cannot take this anymore. Your machine is a piece of shit and it has absolutely no place here!" "Neither does your whining."
"Hey, everyone! I'm back!" "My boy, you're late. I hope you have an explanation." "Yeah, traffic was bad up from here to Koridai."
I prefer a quieter, even boring, location for our next meeting.
His little daughter was much better behaved on previous occasions.
The search for the missing bushwalkers was suspended at sundown.
The magnificent stallion fetched a huge price at auction.
"Link!" "What happened?" "You are my son!" "Great!"
"Hey, King!" "My boy!" "I'm evil!" "I'm evil too!" "Great!" "Great!"
Tom moved about the house as quietly as he could so as not to wake Mary and the children.
The most significant characteristic of modern civilization is the sacrifice of the future for the present, and all the power of science has been prostituted to this purpose.
I saw him in the street just this minute.
People worry a lot more about the eternity after their deaths than the eternity that happened before they were born. But it’s the same amount of infinity, rolling out in all directions from where we stand.
We were outside.
Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude.
It's time. I have to get going.
The cows grant us their milk, and the chickens grant us their eggs.
It was love at first sight when you met her?
I put a stone at the edge of the sheet so that it won't get blown away by the wind.
My uncle and aunt like spending their summer vacation at a seaside resort. They go sea-bathing everyday during their stay.
"The Wind Rises" is Hayao Miyazaki's last film.
The snowman had melted completely by the next morning.
The town we live in is beside the sea.
There weren't many visitors spending their vacations on the island in April.
The most serious problem the world faces is not the strength of the wicked, but the powerlessness of the good.
I set the alarm to 7.
It looks like the train going to the airport is down, what shall we do?
It's already a.m., but I'm wide awake and couldn't fall asleep if I tried.
Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think.
The alchemists in their search for gold discovered many other things of greater value.
The doctor sees all the weakness of mankind; the lawyer all the wickedness, the theologian all the stupidity.
The more unintelligent a man is, the less mysterious existence seems to him.
The wise have always said the same things, and fools, who are the majority, have always done just the opposite.
When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.
To buy books would be a good thing if we also could buy the time to read them.
They made the same mistake again.
More can often be gleaned from body language than from what is actually being said.
The police are having a blitz on drink driving, hooliganism and hoon driving this weekend.
Tom had a big bruise on his forehead after he walked into the door.
The cockatiel, a member of the cockatoo family endemic to Australia, makes an excellent household pet.
Happy International Women's Day!
Please keep your belongings and clothing clear of the doors.
Penalty fare or prosecution : if you fail to show on demand a valid ticket for the whole of your journey or a validated Oyster card.
This train calls at all stations to Wimbledon.
The child whose toy I am looking for, is my son.
What's the name of the folk song that Mr. Tsugi sang in that TV drama?
Are these books yours or mine?
Tom licked the honey off his fingers.
Tom lied about how much money he spent.
Tom lifted the lid and looked into the pot.
Tom liked to listen to Mary play the piano.
Look, I don't even think Tom will be here.
They've adopted two boys from Asia.
Have you attained your goal?
"Here I come! ...Your Majesty, Duke Onkled is under attack by the evil forces of Ganon." "..." "Impa?! You're a slut!" "You smell like shit!" "Enough! Where's His Majesty?" "Ganon captured the King!" "Ganon is a prick..."
"Zelda, I'm always talking about dinner." "I know!" "Hmm... I'm going fishing!" "Can I come too?" "Yes!" "Beautiful!"
"Zelda, I'm going to Duke Onkled's for dinner. My ship sails in the morning." "But father, Ganon and his minions have seized your ship!" "Hmm... I'm going to walk then."
The worst blind man is the one who does not want to see.
"Zelda, I'm going away for a month." "A month?" "A month." "A whole month?" "A whole month." "Really?" "Yes." "A whole month?" "Don't you understand what a month means?" "No." "A month is four weeks." "One?" "Four!" "Two?" "Four!" "Come on, father, let's go!" "Zelda, I said I'm going by myself." "What about me?" "Stay here!"
International Women's Day (March 8th 2014) celebrates important achievements of women all over the world.
"Your Majesty, Ganon and his minions have seized your prison!" "Hmm... Fari!" "Yes!" "Imprison Duke Onkled in your house!"
It is difficult to walk in the sand.
Walking in the sand is difficult.
Tom looked around the room to see who was there.
Tom looked around to make sure no one was watching.
Tom looked around to see if anybody was watching.
Tom looked around to see if he was being followed.
Tom unclenched his fist.
Tom sat in front of his computer just staring at the screen saver.
Tom looked at the business card Mary gave him.
Do you think Tom is telling the truth?
Tom looks more like a teacher than a student.
Tom looks pretty drunk.
"Hey, what's going on?" "I am gay!" "Really?" "No, Michael, you dense ass!"
"Hey everyone, I have something to say!" "My boy, what is it?" "I'm going to join Ganon!"
"Zelda, I'm going to eat spaghetti for dinner, then I'm going to rub spaghetti into my face! Aren't I funny?" "No, you're not." "Huh?" "Father, stop talking about your dinner." "Yeah, Zelda's right. Your dinner is boring!"
Mary looked through her closet trying to find something suitable to wear.
The way you say 'funny' is funny. The way I say 'funny' is funny too.
Tom looked through the peephole before opening the door.
We would have told you, but we needed your reactions to look genuine.
Tom makes more money than all of the rest of us combined.
We don't have the time to discuss this right now.
There are none so blind as those who will not see.
Language determines a person's world view to a considerable extent.
You need Beelzebub to exorcise the Devil.
This is a green apple.
This is a school.
In vain have I tried to convince him.
It is a great privilege to be with you in Tatoeba.
She is afraid of being alone with the patient.
She's a student.
She thinks that she can sing.
She made me sell the dog.
She had the dog sold.
You're eating.
I ate the yoghurt.
I saw the children kill the bird.
I saw them kill it.
I saw it being killed.
This is an apple.
Godspeed!
This is a pear.
Don't smoke!
Don't spit on the floor!
Keep to the right!
It is difficult to decide where to go.
What are we to believe now?
We did not know what fish to catch first.
I want to go to heaven, but I don't want to die in order to get there.
My words were taken out of context.
I received her letter last week.
Have you ever had a pulled ligament? It hurts like hell.
This letter was full of mistakes because it had been written too hastily.
Get in the car, loser! We're going shopping.
To live alone is the fate of all great souls.
Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.
Religion is the metaphysics of the common people.
Men need some kind of external activity, because they are inactive within.
There is one respect in which brutes show real wisdom when compared with us — I mean their quiet, placid enjoyment of the present moment.
A good dress is a card of invitation, while a good mind is a letter of recommendation.
Fine dress helps impress, but intelligence makes steady friends.
You are judged by appearances at first but by your mind later on.
First you judge "how nice", then you judge "how wise".
My head is still spinning.
Do you want to die here?
Batman is riding his batmobile.
The future hasn't happened yet.
It's an easy way to make money.
Milk is a food for babies.
Please check if the meat is being roasted at the right heat.
Hey, that's my hobby. Go find your own.
The first round is on the house.
My brother has an ear for music.
They knew they could count on Mary.
He looked at the picture.
Access to the domestic market should act on the whole island as a powerful incentive for economic development.
Incentives must be introduced.
The Bible is the most translated and read book in the world.
I've deleted my comment.
This book is green.
The apple is not green.
This apple is not red.
This is an orange.
The apple is not on the table.
The apples are not on the table.
I want to learn Hawaiian.
The pencil is small.
The bus is long.
Tom only had three dollars left in his wallet.
Tom opened a box of matches and lit one.
Tom opened a comic book and started to read.
Tom opened the drawer and pulled out a magnifying glass.
Tom opened the front door to let the dog out.
Tom was surprised to see Mary when he opened the door.
Tom opened the book and flipped through the pages.
Tom was pacing back and forth in the parking lot, waiting for Mary.
Tom paused for a moment to collect his thoughts.
Tom seems to be carrying some kind of weapon.
Tom picked up some snow, made a snowball and threw it at Mary.
Tom playfully pretended to punch Mary in the jaw.
Please be quiet. I'm trying to get some sleep.
Tom pointed at the person standing next to Mary.
Tom pointed to the top bookshelf.
Tom pointed to the empty seat next to him.
Tom wants to speak to you right away.
Welcome to our 1st French class.
Welcome to our 1st German class.
Welcome to the first French class.
Welcome to the first German class.
He left his glasses at our place.
Tom pulled into his parking space and got out.
Tom pulled into his parking space and got out of his truck.
Tom pulled into the driveway and stopped the car.
Tom emptied the wastebasket into the incinerator.
Your biggest enemy is yourself.
I can not live without you. You are the only woman for me.
I can't live without you. You're the only woman for me.
I was seething with rage.
The mother told the girl that she shouldn't fall by the wayside.
The present is the only reality and the only certainty.
There is not a grain of dust, not an atom that can become nothing, yet man believes that death is the annihilation of his being.
He gave him the book.
I dropped by the bookstore and I bought an interesting book.
The Polish language is interesting.
This is our first lesson.
No one can transcend their own individuality.
Yes, we have two children.
The wind is blowing harder and harder.
It is from two to ten birrs a week.
He went from his house up to the railroad station.
Do you have an empty room in this hotel?
I promise to be an excellent husband, but give me a wife who, like the moon, will not appear every day in my sky.
It's on the first floor.
The man wanted to call his father.
With whom is the appointment?
May I come tomorrow, too?
Is it OK if I come tomorrow, too?
I'm going to a store.
You'll see the students.
When are you going to Addis Ababa?
She's looking for a hotel.
We'll come home in two hours.
You'll see the house today.
Instead of smiling, the boy cries.
They argued a little about the rent.
Our work began to flourish.
She is planning to stay home tonight.
Kids learn quickly.
Your work is making watches.
I do not have any money to buy a new bicycle.
I don't have money to buy a new bicycle.
A banker's life is hard.
This water can be drunk without risk.
My cellphone has been stolen.
I can't find my umbrella!
Simplicity is worse than robbery.
I live in Honolulu.
It's already night here.
Who knows when Hu Jintao was born?
It expires tomorrow.
It runs out tomorrow.
That is undoubtedly a success.
I always take a bath before going to sleep.
Do you not also think so?
In comparison to strawberries, pineapple also tastes good out of a tin.
A small pond is behind my house.
A large building stands there.
We had a short holiday in February.
He went to the student's house.
He sees the office.
How are you this morning?
Please bring me eggs.
Do you want food?
Do you want eggs?
Please bring me fruit.
Please bring me porridge.
What kind of food is there?
There is gruel.
Do you want gruel?
Yes, bring me gruel.
There is fruit.
Are there any bananas?
He's been drinking beer.
Tom sat on the porch having a coffee and a cigarette and watched the world go by.
It's a matter of great concern that two people on the plane that crashed were travelling on stolen passports.
Our school starts at eight thirty.
The soldiers withstood the enemy attack.
If tomorrow is Monday, then today is Sunday.
If I give the poor something to eat, then they call me a saint. If I ask why the poor have nothing to eat, then they call me a communist.
The sponge soaks up water.
The green plants take in carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
I'm a huge fan of trains.
Are you a huge fan of trains?
You're a huge fan of trains.
The sponge takes in a lot of water.
He's a huge fan of trains.
That pupil fails too often.
Stand up and introduce yourself, please.
I am a few days away from Bilthoven.
His self-denial is admirable.
He has made them all proud.
He hates his neighbor.
The mortality rate has fallen.
He encourages me to learn Interlingua.
Interlingua is easy to learn.
I gave the book to my friend.
I will arrive in four hours.
I go on foot.
I am in Bilthoven.
I walk to Bilthoven.
This happens more than two times per week.
That costs more than I thought.
You deceived your husband.
This has my approval.
You have made it.
The epicycle made it possible for the Greeks to explain the planetary movements.
In soccer, a player is sent off with a red card.
There are so many languages in the world but there is not any word that can express how much I love you.
At times, we've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people.
Forget the past, live the future.
The weekdays are: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.
Girls, you're gorgeous!
Tom speaks Japanese fluently.
This new product has also found its way to Europe.
We'll come to look for you.
Doctors can bury their mistakes, but an architect can only advise his clients to plant ivy.
I think nobody has ever done such a thing before.
Meat should not be eaten raw.
The Eagle has landed.
This moment will nap, you will have a dream; But this moment study,you will interpret a dream.
I was a bit late.
This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
Geologists have a saying — rocks remember.
Gosh!
Tom pulled out his cell phone and made a call.
She was ashamed of her ignorance.
Tom pulled out his wallet and gave Mary some money.
She was ashamed of his ignorance.
He was ashamed of her ignorance.
Tom pulled the door shut behind him.
Tom pulled out of the parking lot.
Tom pushed his plate away and said that he had eaten enough.
Tom pushed his chair back and stood up.
Tom put a bunch of letters on Mary's desk.
Tom put a stack of letters on Mary's desk.
Tom put a pile of letters on Mary's desk.
Tom put down his fork and picked up the drumstick with his fingers.
Tom put the letter opener back in the desk drawer.
Tom put the magazine back on the coffee table.
Tom put a stick of gum into his mouth.
Tom put two pieces of bread in the toaster.
Tom put two pieces of bread into the toaster.
Tom tore up the contract.
Tom picked up the contract and tore it up.
Gliders, sail planes, they're wonderful flying machines. It's the closest you can come to being a bird.
We have fried goose with potatoes.
Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon. July AD. We came in peace for all mankind.
Tom reached inside his jacket for his cell phone.
Tom reached into his knapsack for a flashlight.
Tom reached under his bed to get his slippers.
Let's not get that carried away.
That's not what I expected.
Tom realized he could be making a big mistake.
Tom didn't really want to deal with the situation.
Tom couldn't think of a good way to explain what had happened.
Tom realized there was no point in lying to Mary.
He lived next door to us.
She left the last page blank.
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
Where can I buy a shirt like that?
The boy has four rabbits, two male and two female ones.
I think we're going to the moon because it's in the nature of the human being to face challenges.
I was elated, ecstatic and extremely surprised that we were successful.
Mystery creates wonder and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand.
Jefferson's Bible gives us a preaching Jesus of distinctly human dimensions, without miracles or resurrection.
Jefferson's supreme respect for the teachings of Jesus induced him not only to compile a digest of His words, but to then read the sacred collection every night.
It's standard policy.
Tom tried to profit from the tragedy by creating a false Facebook page to collect donations.
"What did she mean by that?" "I don't know."
How many gallons does it take to fill a hot tub?
How many litres does it take to fill a hot tub?
How many liters does it take to fill a hot tub?
How many liters of water does it take to fill a normal bath tub?
How many gallons of water does it take to fill a normal bath tub?
There can be no great accomplishment without risk.
How many gallons are in a cubic foot?
Tom plugged his music player into his computer.
Tom plugged his headphones into his music player.
Tom plugged his speakers into his music player.
How can I connect my iPod to a car stereo?
It's time to face the music.
Listen to this song, Tom.
I think that an angel watches over me.
Is this your idea of a joke?
The project requires a great deal of money.
The project requires lots of money.
What do you mean he's not in his room?
"When did she say that?" "I don't remember."
Other life probably exists out there and perhaps in many places.
Seize the opportunity that Tom has given you.
"What did you say?" "Nothing. I was just talking to myself."
"What is Tom doing?" "I think he's texting his friends."
The motorist drove across the country to Washington state.
The gardener won first prize for the largest turnip grown in the spring harvest.
Apology accepted.
Let me get back to you on this.
Tom bought a condo.
Get out and leave me alone!
That's really not necessary.
You can't put the genie back in the bottle.
They slept in separate rooms until they were married.
I'm just so lost right now.
Tom came downstairs, so we stopped kissing immediately.
I was at a party with some friends when I met Tom.
I wish you both nothing but happiness.
Tom's cooking breakfast.
"Tom's cooking breakfast." "Should we call the fire department?"
I went to a spa with Mary.
No one is born hating another person because of the colour of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.
I need to get my nails done.
I like this dress. It's kind of cute.
Weddings are expensive.
"What's going on?", asked Mary when she saw Tom crying on the floor.
Where did all the money go?
You shouldn't have said that.
Can I borrow one of your sweaters?
I think it's kind of stupid.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Can you help me with these?
Can you help me with this?
Tom realized there was nothing he could do to help.
Tom realizes Mary probably doesn't know what's going on.
Tom realized he had made a mistake.
Tom really should be doing this on his own.
I love penguins because they're cute.
I knew what he was thinking.
I knew what she was thinking.
Tom didn't recognize the person sitting next to him.
Tom reluctantly got back into his car.
Tom reluctantly went back to his bedroom.
I don't think anybody has ever done such a thing before.
My mom baked cookies for me.
I'm not having an affair.
There can be no keener revelation of a society's soul than the way in which it treats its children.
To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.
Tom rose and started to put on his jacket.
Tom rolled down the passenger side window.
Tom rushed down the hall to his office.
Tom rushed over to the window and looked out.
Tom said he had something to take care of.
Tom said he was calling from his cell phone.
Tom said he couldn't find a decent place to live.
Tom said he saw someone standing outside your office.
Tom said he wanted to see us before we left.
Tom said that you tried to kill him.
Tom said that you were going to Boston.
Tom said Mary had given him permission to leave early.
Tom said Mary's perfume reminded him of his mother.
The incidence of people travelling on fake or stolen passports is not as rare as people would like to think.
There are fears that the plane disintegrated in mid-air and that the wreckage may never be found.
Tom's shirt wasn't ironed and he'd forgotten to comb his hair.
The horror crash happened when one of the cars veered onto the wrong side of the road.
The incidence of OCD is greatest among teens and young adults.
Mary's parents were very impressed with Tom.
Tom was completely at a loss to explain his behaviour.
I added your name to the list.
Tom said you wanted to see me about something.
Tom says it's probably not going to rain until after midnight.
Tom says that's the stupidest thing he ever saw.
Tom said something to Mary that I didn't hear.
Tom says he needs to talk with you.
You're not seriously considering going, are you?
Tom seems to know a lot about baseball.
Tom seems to know an awful lot about baseball.
Tom seems to know quite lot about baseball.
Tom was embarrassed when told he had made a drunken pass at Mary's mother at the party.
I think Tom thinks I'm lying to him.
Tom found his key under the sofa.
Tom found his key underneath the sofa.
Tom saw dirty footprints on the white carpet.
Tom saw a look of confusion on Mary's face.
Tom shouldn't have left the window open.
Tom shouldn't have gone out after dark by himself.
Tom shouldn't have borrowed so much money from Mary.
Tom shouldn't have dropped out of high school.
Tom shouldn't have let Mary drive.
Tom shouldn't have spent so much money.
Tom slid the envelope full of money across the table to Mary.
The project has to be finished by the end of the week at the latest.
Tom slowly turned the knob and opened the door.
Tom slid the door shut.
Tom slid the door open.
Tom squeezed the trigger, but the gun didn't fire.
Tom stood in front of a full-length mirror, looking at himself.
Tom stood in the center of the living room.
Tom stood up and then everyone else stood up, too.
Tom stood up and then everybody else stood up as well.
Tom stared at Mary for a moment and then looked away.
Tom started to sit where he usually sits, but Mary asked him to sit somewhere else.
Tom just sat there and stared at the mess on his desk.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. But when you add to that a literate tongue or pen, then you have something very special.
The city is a cage.
The town is a cage.
Any man that tries to rob me of my dignity will lose.
I've got no problems at all with it.
No one truly knows a nation until one has been inside its jails. A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens but its lowest ones.
He's afraid I'll get lost.
In winter it snows.
I detest racialism, because I regard it as a barbaric thing, whether it comes from a black man or a white man.
He went again.
Our allegiance has never been to any particular tribe or kingdom - indeed, every language is spoken in our country; every culture has left its imprint on ours; every point of view is expressed in our public squares.
We must give hope to those left behind in a globalized world.
We firmly believe that when composing sentences, the author should avoid falling into the bad habit inherent in the use of too many unnecessary words, which are actually absolutely superfluous in light of the intended meaning.
Most people form opinions the same way they get colds - they're infected.
Tom took a big bite out of his sandwich.
Tom took a swig from his bottle of rum.
Tom took one last look around the room before he left.
Tom took his iPhone out of his coat pocket.
Tom tells me the same thing all the time.
Tom thought he heard his name being called.
Tom thinks that I don't know what he did.
Tom thinks that I don't know what he said.
Tom told me about your conversation with Mary yesterday.
Tom told me exactly what was going to happen.
Tom told me he needed some time to himself.
Tom told me he thought he saw Mary.
Tom told me someone was trying to kill him.
Tom tried to explain why it would be a waste of time.
Tom tried to figure out what was going on.
Tom tried to look busy, so Mary wouldn't ask him to help her.
Tom tried to open the drawer, but it was stuck.
Tom tried to relax, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to take the microphone away from Mary.
Tom blew smoke in Mary's face.
Tom turned on the faucet and washed his hands.
I have them all.
I wonder what Tom's reaction will be.
Tom went back to his desk and sat down.
Tom walked back to his seat and sat down.
Tom wants to buy a small house on Park Street.
Tom wants to lose weight.
Tom wants to know if you've heard from Mary.
Tom wants to know why you haven't left yet.
The dogs jumped and growled about his heels.
Stop being sarcastic all the time!
Tom was afraid he might do something he'd regret.
Tom was at Harvard the same time I was.
She tasted the food and grimaced.
Tom got home just before daylight.
I was stunned when the bomb blew up in front of me.
Tom was generous enough to offer me a loan.
It was so hilarious that I snorted with laughter.
Tom was afraid to do it by himself.
Tom was just trying to do the right thing.
Stop yanking my hair, it hurts!
Tom was killed in a car accident last night.
Tom was killed in an automobile accident last night.
Tom was the one who turned off the lights.
Tom was the one who turned on the lights.
We probably should try to get some sleep.
We don't know for sure Tom is still in Boston.
Tom whispered something to Mary that I couldn't hear.
Why didn't you tell me that last night?
Tom will be staying at least until next Monday.
Tom will never know it was you who told me.
Tom will probably tell you the same thing I did.
Did Tom tell you what was written in the notebook?
London has been fun.
The interpreter has a double role.
There are two distinct parts.
The interpreter is paid to translate.
Tom has requested that you electronically sign documents while witnessed by a notary public.
I am planning to book my flights to Berlin soon after.
Are you leaving already?
It was an experiment.
She doesn't want to go to school today.
He doesn't want to go to school today.
I've still not booked my flights to Germany.
I accidentally poured the milk into the sugar bowl.
I hope he's not angry.
I really want to know the truth.
John didn't know Tupi is spoken in Brazil.
Tom found it hard just to keep his composure.
Tom wears his heart on his sleeve.
Tom came from a family who didn't talk about their feelings.
It's a setup.
I don't know how to change a nappy.
Tom called everyone for an emergency meeting in the office of the Prime Minister.
Oh my God, everybody is looking at me!
Guys want to be in control all the time.
Mary tried to comfort her mother.
I think that Tom is too trusting.
I don't want to see her get hurt.
I don't want to see him get hurt.
It hurt more than I thought it would.
Tom stormed out of the room.
Tears gushed from her eyes.
The child was comforted by his mother.
He didn't want me to comfort him.
I'm not ready to be a mother.
There were over fifteen thousand spectators.
Life is too cruel.
Tom's landlord changed the locks.
Tom had not paid the rent.
My mom got mad and yelled at me.
You know I hate that.
Tom talks to you more than he talks to any other girl.
You need me more than I need you.
I'm very quiet in class.
I hope this is the right one.
Please don't quote me.
Please don't jump.
Was it scary?
I wasn't sure it was you.
Something came up.
The twelve signs of the Zodiac are: Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Capricorn, Aquarius and Pisces.
The helicopter landed on the roof.
Am I catching you at a bad time?
It's so good to hear from you.
Tom has a nice car.
Please make sure the user name and email address used is correct.
Tom has a nice car and lives in a mansion.
Have a nice night.
He has a nice job and a nice house.
I really need to get going.
You will not be charged for another delivery.
Tom didn't know that what he was doing was wrong.
Tom didn't want to admit he had a drinking problem.
Tom had trouble understanding what Mary was saying.
Tom is waiting for you in the lobby.
Tom kissed Mary and she slapped him.
Tom's arm is in a sling.
Tom is at least centimeters shorter than Mary is.
Tom poured milk on his cereal.
Did Tom say anything about me?
Did Tom say anything else about me?
He has a nice house and nice car. He must be happy.
Tom has been a teacher for over years.
Tom has been fired from every job he's ever had.
Do you think Tom will do anything else?
Is he married?
Tom has been here as long as I can remember.
Tom's car has been repossessed.
Tom has a nice car, a nice home and a good job.
Tom has been in three traffic accidents.
Does Tom have a big family?
Tom has been in and out of mental hospitals most of his life.
You're so emotional.
Tom has been in far worse situations than this.
Tom asked Mary out, but she said no.
She doesn't know her place.
He doesn't know his place.
I'll take care of that right away.
Tom will take care of that for us.
Lol, this is so funny.
Tom is the only one who can clear this up.
Tom is the only one who knows how to do this.
Tom is the only one who can't come with us.
Tom is the only one I know who can do this.
Tom is the only one who won't be at the meeting.
Tom knew he had done something wrong.
The other girls laughed at her.
I know Tom doesn't like me.
I've already told Tom he can leave early.
I've already told Tom he can borrow my car.
I've already told Tom he can't go to Mary's party.
Be prepared for the worst.
We had no time to finish our report.
Tom only told me.
Tom told only me.
Tom has been letting Mary use his bicycle.
Tom has been the president of our PTA for the last three years.
How old is Tom now?
How old was Tom at that time?
Tom is too old for you.
Tom has been staying with me the last three days.
Tom has been trying to contact you all morning.
If you'd been a bit more careful, we wouldn't be in this predicament.
What a pity I don't have a garden.
There were rows of trees on either side of the road.
Mary had a glass in either hand.
Tom sat in the car with a policeman on either side of him.
When somebody runs a red light, they risk causing an accident.
If you run a red light, you risk causing an accident.
If you run a red light, you run the risk of causing an accident.
Tom will be here by the end of the week.
Tom's funeral arrangements have already been taken care of.
Tom is used to getting what he wants.
Tom offered me a beer, but I told him I didn't want one.
Tom and Mary are planning to hike to the other side of the island.
Can Tom see us?
Tom has braces.
Tom pinched me.
Tom started the fight.
Is Tom still mad at me?
Is Tom satisfied?
Tom hardly ever laughs.
I hope Tom is safe.
I hope Tom is feeling OK.
Tom broke his nose.
Unfortunately, many Russian citizens have an inadequate conception of what is happening in Kyiv.
I don't speak Estonian.
He tried to help her.
He tried to help.
How did the trip go?
They saw a cat in the garden.
The dragon saw her.
They walked home.
That is long.
To conquer without danger is to triumph without glory.
Do you concur?
I took the child.
I'm really hungry, but I can't decide what I want to eat.
You would apply for that job.
I would like to apply for that job.
I bought a ticket.
There are people going home.
There are two hundred pages.
The kittens are rolling.
He doesn't stop.
I'll buy some ice cream.
I've got a bike.
How many plates and cups are there?
How many students have you?
We have about nine students.
Have you got three children?
Are there seven blankets?
There are one hundred marae in this area.
We have forty-four guests.
You have seven blankets.
There is only one pillow.
She has twenty children.
There are eighteen of them.
We saw his flock of geese.
My daughter's pet is a rat.
Whose mussels are these?
Tom's wallet was a bit the worse for wear, and Mary said he should get a new one.
Singing in a choir is good for the soul.
Mary dreaded having to tell her parents that she was pregnant.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
My ears are ringing.
Do you have a second for me?
Tom, look at what I made!
Yesterday, I got a call out of the blue from Tom.
Look at what I made.
Tom told everyone that he and Mary had split up.
Tom wants to come.
Tom felt excluded.
Look what I made.
Tom got mad at me.
This is all the money I have on me.
I hope Tom is wrong.
This is so unlike you.
I will vouch for him.
Tom raised his hand to get the teacher's attention.
This novel was one of his final works.
Is Jesus too sexy in the movie "Son of God"?
We don't know how Jesus really looked.
Diogo Morgado has been called "Hot Jesus".
Jesus was a carpenter.
We don't know what Jesus looked like.
How is Tom Jr.?
Some workers don't even earn a living wage.
Tom has a secret weapon.
Tom says that he has a secret weapon.
Is Tom still there?
Some flame retardants can cause cancer and hormonal disruptions.
A lawyer named Tom Jackson called me this morning.
Tom is a good team player.
Tom polished off his martini and put the glass on the waiter's tray.
Where could Tom be?
A parking lot attendant waved Tom into a space.
There was a photograph of Tom hanging on the wall.
Tom has been working on the problem.
Mary is a very attractive woman in her early thirties.
Admit it, Tom, you're still in love with me.
Tom followed Mary through the gate.
Tom got up and began pacing.
Tom handed the empty bottle to Mary.
Tom handed the empty pizza box to Mary.
Tom was thrilled when he managed to get two complimentary tickets for the grand final.
Are you sure Tom can do this?
Are you sure Tom can do this without any help?
Are you sure Tom can do this by himself?
Are you sure Tom can do this on his own?
The wine complemented the meal perfectly.
Effective communication and mutual respect are essential elements of successful teamwork.
Can you hand me this dictionary?
Unfortunately, I can't do that for you.
She asked me if I loved her.
I didn't know what to say to her.
'Kiss my nose', I answered as I didn't want to say 'ass' to her.
If you want to still be my friend, you can never do this again.
One day I went to school with my best friend, Gitte.
Show me your hand, I'll tell you the future.
I'm moving to Africa this month.
He has to stay in bed.
Our only daughter died of cancer.
Melanie said that she likes swimming.
Luke said that he likes swimming.
Melanie reached the next level on the game.
Melanie put the vase on the table.
Our guests are in a hurry.
I'm not singing.
The dictionary is big.
Are you certain you've made the right decision?
The dictionary is small.
Tom's assistant came in and handed Mary a message.
Tom doesn't like drinking coffee out of a paper cup.
After the concert, I went out to eat with Tom.
I tried to persuade Tom to come to Boston with us, but he said he had other things he had to do.
Tom told me that he likes swimming.
Tom told me that he likes to swim.
I'll see you tonight at eight.
Do you think Tom is going to agree to this?
Are you sure that's what you really want?
Tom doesn't want you to know.
I'm grateful for what Tom did.
I appreciate what Tom did for me.
Tom had a look of determination on his face.
Don't take off your shoes!
You and Tom are made for each other.
You're being very unreasonable.
Tom treated me badly.
Tom slept in his car.
You are under arrest for the murder of Tom Jackson.
Tom asked me if I thought Mary was beautiful.
The buzzing of insects is driving me crazy!
Tom shaved off his mustache.
Tom drew a mustache on Mary's picture.
Kissing a man without a mustache is like eating eggs without salt.
The tree is able to grow.
You did exactly what Tom wanted you to do.
You don't have to worry about Tom at all.
You don't know where Tom has gone, do you?
I can go.
You know, I've never been to your house.
You know, Tom, that's exactly what I was thinking.
You're beginning to try my patience.
Tom hasn't changed his mind.
Mind your language.
Mind your mouth.
Hold your tongue and hear me out.
I must exact my revenge!
"Zelda, this is Ganon's place! Look at the floor—" "At last you have found my house!" "...I won't tolerate hyperbole."
"Your Majesty, Ganon and his minions have seized the island of Koridai!" "Again? I'm going to see Ganon, and we won't be talking about mercy! Take me to Gamelon." "Yes, Your Majesty!"
"Now we're here!" "Enough! I'm going to talk to Ganon! Hey, Ganon! Ganon? ...Ganon!" "Silence! You dare?!" "...GANON!" "What?!" "I have a present for you: a bomb!"
"Link!" "'Sup?" "King Harkinian has died." "..." "What did you say, I died?!" "...You died." "You dorkface! I'm here talking to you!" "...No." "What about Ganon?" "He died as well! A-ah!" "You runt! You haven't seen the last of me yet!"
He didn't have lunch.
I won't buy the car tomorrow.
The apple was tasty.
The duck disappeared.
I hate the food in the refectory.
The children have forgotten their homework.
She is here.
I gave the money to the woman.
She was at home at the weekend.
The woman stopped and looked at him.
All started to laugh.
Everybody started to laugh.
Everyone started laughing at Tom.
Tom stayed home all weekend.
She drives to the gas station.
Melanie is sleeping in a comfortable bed.
Melanie killed a spider with her hand.
Melanie has hurt her leg.
The grief-stricken family had to wait more than a decade to see their son's killer brought to justice.
Tom reached into his pocket, but his car keys weren't there.
Mary sleeps in a comfortable bed.
Don't you like my yellow scarf?
My boyfriend is so photogenic!
The little girl took great delight in giving her new puppy a bath.
Tom's grandchildren were a source of great pleasure for him.
It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find him.
It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find her.
I lost my bongos there.
In the end, it's not that bad.
I can't find her anywhere. It's driving me mad!
I can't find him anywhere. It's driving me mad!
It's essential that we find them.
Where did you find them, at school or at home?
Tom has hurt his leg.
You should come with me to Tom's house.
You should never have let Tom do that.
You still haven't told Tom what you did, have you?
You think Tom is too old for me, don't you?
You know very well what Tom wants.
Do you think you and Tom will get back together?
You tricked Tom into coming here, didn't you?
You may have been right about that.
Do you know what's bothering Tom?
You'd better get it back before Tom notices it's missing.
Tom doesn't have expensive tastes.
You'd better not let Tom see you doing that.
They arrested Tom for disturbing the peace.
You're going to have to be more specific.
Tom asked his teacher for advice.
You're going to have to come with us, Tom.
You're in no position to make any demands.
You're one of the most generous people I ever met.
Tom is one of the most generous people I ever met.
You're not going to get away with it.
You're not going to get away with this, Tom.
You're not the first person to tell me that.
You're probably wondering how I found out about that.
You're sitting too close to the TV.
Are you sure the person you saw was Tom?
Tom doesn't look happy to see us.
You've been lonely a long time, haven't you, Tom?
You've got to do something about this soon.
You've known Tom a lot longer than I have.
Does Tom know that you like him?
Don't you hate it when that happens?
Don't you think that Tom is a little young for you?
Tom works a lot.
Tom has big eyes.
Tom is well-liked.
We'll just have to ask Tom to do it for us, won't we?
The article is terrible.
We need to get in touch with Tom's parents.
We've got to find it before Tom does.
Tom doesn't understand the rules.
We're not here to talk about that.
We're not yet sure what we're dealing with.
We're not yet sure what the problem is.
Tom lied about his age to get into the club.
I've given up on trying to surprise you.
Obviously, Tom hasn't told anyone about us yet.
Obviously, Tom hasn't told anyone about what happened.
Tom didn't want Mary to wear any jewelry.
That's the difference between you and me.
Let's listen to what Tom has to say.
Well, at least Tom isn't as boring as Mary.
It looks like Tom has broken a couple of ribs.
I certainly am going to miss Boston.
Tom shares a bedroom with his brother.
Tom's one of the nicest guys I've ever met.
I don't think Tom is responsible for that.
I guess you don't need my help.
I guess you don't need my help anymore.
If you're ready, we'll begin.
Well, it turns out you were right about Tom.
It turns out you were right about that.
I gave Tom the wrong medicine by mistake.
There's no way Tom could've done what you said he did.
Tom seemed very surprised when I told him about what had happened.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him what Mary had done.
Tom didn't believe me when I told him what Mary had done.
My computer is very slow.
My Internet connection is slow.
Tom is a bit slow in the head.
He's a kind and thoughtful man.
My Internet connection is slow, but Tatoeba is slower.
She's going into labor.
Tom has an audience with the Pope.
Tom never comes here.
When Tom finds out what happened, he won't be happy.
Tom tried not to think about what he had done.
Tom really misses America and he wants to go back.
I locked myself in my room.
When Tom started crying, I started crying, too.
Did you draw this yourself?
Hello, I'm Tom. What's your name?
Hello, I'm Mary. What's your name?
Tom made some scrambled eggs.
You can't be a Boy Scout, but you could be a Girl Scout.
Are you afraid of girls, Tom?
Tom said that he was confused and frustrated.
I'm confused and frustrated.
Mary wrote a book about squirrels.
Mary is a local girl who made it big.
Tom is a local boy who made it big.
I dreamed that I was in a forest.
Tom took a picture of himself and sent it to his girlfriend.
That was not my question.
The disposal of bioplastic waste represents a big problem.
Violence will not be tolerated.
Tom locked himself in his room and wouldn't let anyone in.
I can handle it from here.
I just found Tom. He's dead.
I don't remember losing my memory.
I'm so vain.
It's elementary, my dear Tom.
A plastic bag can take up to a thousand years to disintegrate.
"Tom, is that you?" "Hi mom, it's me."
Plastic comprises over eighty percent of all the rubbish that ends up in the ocean.
The chair gave way as Tom sat on it, and he crashed to the floor injuring his back.
His speech was enthusiastically applauded.
We don't yet know the side effects of the drug.
He types extremely fast but with lots of mistakes.
That's the solution to the puzzle.
I forgive you because you didn't know what you were doing.
I will have done the work by ten o'clock.
I've just turned 20.
Good parents are the best teachers.
The gentleman is a Canadian economist.
Despite having signed a secret pact, Italy failed to enforce all its claims on foreign territories after World War I.
The crafty thief hid in a tool shed.
Why are we celebrating?
As agreed, I will pay you when I see you at the hotel.
Is Tom looking at me?
Tom works long hours.
Tom won't approve.
Tom showed me around town.
Tom bought me a drink.
Why is Tom so popular?
Tom leaped out of bed.
Tom must have seen me.
Tom talks to me a lot.
Tom doesn't want kids.
Tom hates his parents.
Tom knew it was wrong to do what he did.
Tom asked me to dance.
Tom is a strong man.
Tom's shoes are dirty.
Tom's hands are dirty.
Tom's face is dirty.
Tom told me I was cute.
I think Tom is handsome.
I thought Tom loved me.
Tom knows what you did.
Tom stared at his feet.
Tom was wearing a mask.
When is Tom coming back?
Tom almost always falls asleep at night hugging his teddy bear.
Tom declined to comment.
Our neighbor has bought cheese, onion sausage and rolls for us.
Next time, don't come so early.
Tom and I were in grad school together.
What did you expect me to say?
Dinner will be ready in about fifteen minutes.
Your office called and left a message.
Have you spoken to Tom yet?
Can you help Tom look after the place?
Can you let Tom know what's happened?
Can you tell us anything else about that?
Could I have a minute in private with Tom?
Did any of the other club members complain about Tom?
Did Tom mention anything to you about my idea?
Did Tom say how he got into our apartment?
Did Tom suggest to you a course of action?
Did Tom tell you about the party tonight?
Did Tom say he was worried?
Do you think maybe Tom planned all this?
Did you find out what happened to Tom's car?
Did you go anywhere last weekend?
Did you honestly think Tom would come?
Did you know that Tom was studying French?
Did you know that Tom was dating Mary?
Did you know Tom got arrested three weeks ago?
Did you really think you could kill me?
Have you told Tom about the new car you bought?
Do you know how Tom obtained the information?
Do you honestly believe Tom is telling the truth?
Do you know if Tom is seeing anyone?
Do you know where I can find Tom?
Do you know why Tom wasn't at school today?
Do you really think Tom would lie about something like that?
Do you really think Tom should resign?
Don't you think we should tell Tom about this?
Happy hour is from six until eight.
Have you figured out what started the fire?
Have you given Tom permission to leave?
Tom didn't notice that his shoes were untied.
Have you seen Tom in the last three hours?
Have you shown this picture to Tom?
Have any of you guys been to Tom's house?
This place is awesome!
How many constellations can you name?
How can you be sure Tom's telling the truth?
How come you don't play the banjo anymore?
Why don't you play the banjo anymore?
You surprise me all the time!
How did you know we were at Tom's house?
How do you feel about what's happening to Tom?
How long do you think Tom was watching us?
How long do you think Tom has been watching us?
I understand you know a lot about Boston.
I was wondering if you knew where Tom was.
I wonder if I might speak to Tom personally.
Does Tom seem insane to you?
Do you have a message you want me to deliver to Tom?
Is there anything else I can get you?
Is there anything you'd like to say to Tom?
Is there some other place you'd rather be?
Is there someone who can take care of Tom?
"Duke Onkled, it's tax season! You are under a ton of taxes!" "Don't hurt me, taxes! Please! I'll pay you this key!" "Acceptable enough. Now go away!"
Is there something I can help you with?
Is there something in particular you're looking for?
Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.
Tom unclogged the drain.
Tom gave me a ride home.
Tom was scared to do it.
Tom took off his T-shirt.
Wasn't Tom your boyfriend?
Didn't you and Tom used to hang out together?
Tom is older than you think.
Why don't you and Tom stay with us?
Let me know where you're staying, OK?
What's all this got to do with Tom?
How do you think Tom is doing?
Have you ever made a pie before?
Your face died, and I will replace your face with the greatest face in Koridai!
I've never been to Tom's house.
How was your date the other night?
What do you think happened to Tom?
How are you going to explain that to Tom?
Are you saying that the accident was Tom's fault?
This is your handwriting, right?
How well do you really know Tom?
You thought you could get away with it, didn't you?
Was there anything on the news about the accident?
What could I possibly have done to offend Tom?
What did you and Tom fight about?
What exactly is it that you're asking me to do?
What exactly would you like me to do?
What kind of help can we expect from Tom?
What kind of relationship did you have with Tom?
What are you girls talking about?
When was the last time Tom stayed overnight at your place?
Melanie likes eating pizza.
Why don't we wait till Tom comes back?
Melanie likes music.
Melanie knows the truth.
Would you like to earn some extra money?
Melanie has accidentally killed a fly.
Don't forget to call Tom before 2:30.
Melanie has an idea of how to create an artificial language.
I have just spoken.
Melanie thinks that the situation is very bad.
I always knew that Tom was destined for greatness.
I couldn't help but overhear your conversation with Tom.
I didn't realize you and Tom were so close.
I didn't think Tom would give up like that.
I don't like that lawyer you hired for me.
I don't think Tom wants to talk about Mary.
What's Tom talking about?
I can't afford to retire.
I feel like I should say something to Tom.
I have no reason to believe Tom is lying.
I haven't heard from Tom in a couple weeks.
I hear Tom is coming to town next weekend.
I'm not afraid to fight.
I hope Tom doesn't think I'm afraid to fight.
I just can't stop worrying about Tom.
I liked what you said at the meeting.
Mary asked her husband to grow a mustache like Tom's.
I really would like Tom's opinion on this.
I remember when Tom was a baby.
Aren't you pleased?
I think Tom is really going to like this.
I think Tom is responsible for what happened.
I think Tom should be home with his children.
I think Tom would make a good teacher.
I thought Tom blamed me for what happened.
I thought Tom was on vacation in Australia.
I thought Tom would figure it out for himself.
I thought you said Tom used to live in Boston.
Mary said she wished I was more like Tom.
I understand you had a little talk with Tom.
I understand you had a fight with Tom yesterday.
That's just what Tom needs.
Tom would've been able to do it.
It was Tom's idea to try it this way.
If you don't tell Tom what happened, I will.
I've asked Tom to help us.
Tom stepped back into the house.
Tom, I was just thinking about you.
However, I won't know whether he came or not.
Were you tired?
Weren't you tired?
You were tired.
You weren't tired.
I just ate.
I've just eaten.
Tom threatened to kill me.
Tom comes from a good family.
Everyone got up to leave.
Tom got exactly what he deserved.
The doors opened and Tom stepped out of the elevator.
As I've just explained, Tom won't be going to Boston.
As it turned out, Tom was able to do what he thought he wouldn't be able to do.
As it turned out, Tom was willing to help us.
Tom wasn't willing to cooperate.
Tom didn't want Mary to go.
Can you see anyone?
Can't you see that?
Do you see anybody?
Did Tom see anything?
Did you see someone?
Let's see if we can help you.
Are you surprised to see me?
Do you want to see my scar?
What do you see now?
When can we see Tom?
Didn't you see that?
Did you see anything?
What do you see here?
Where did you see that?
Did anybody see you there?
Can I see that again?
May I see that again?
Come see for yourself.
Did you go to see Tom?
Did you just see that?
Did you see Tom leave?
Did you see Tom today?
You've got to see this.
You'd better see for yourself.
When did you see my scar?
What time did you see Tom?
What does Tom see in you?
What do you see out there?
Well, I'll see you later.
Surely you can see that.
Now do you see my point?
Nobody's going to see you.
Maybe I'll see you there.
Maybe I'll see you later.
Maybe I'll see you around.
Look, I'll see you later.
Let's see you do better.
Let's see what you can do.
Let me see what we can do.
Let me see what I can do.
It's great to see you again.
It's a pleasure to see you again.
I'm glad to see that you're happy.
I guess I'll see you later.
How can you not see that?
Hey, you've got to see this.
Hey, did you see that?
Here, see what you can do.
Here, see for yourself.
Have you ever seen Tom and Mary together?
Do you see Tom anywhere?
Do you see the connection?
Did you see who it was?
Did you see who did it?
Did you see what Tom did?
Did you see what it was?
Did you see what happened?
Did you see Tom go aboard?
Did you see the sunrise this morning?
Did you see the picture?
Did you see the knife?
Did you go and see Tom?
Come see what you think.
Come and see for yourself.
Can't you see who it is?
Can't you see Tom is sick?
Can't you see Tom is dying?
Can we see you a second?
Doing everything better doesn't make you better than me!
I am not related in any way to Hybrid Turkeys­.
An undercover video shows workers allegedly abusing animals at Hybrid Turkeys.
The company said that it will fully participate in any and all investigations regarding the matter.
Tom bought a hybrid.
Tom bought a hybrid car.
Coming back was a bad choice.
Winter in Denmark was a bad choice.
Her last words were: "I can't breathe."
"She's dead." "No, it's not possible!"
I've read that Thomas Edison's last words were "It's very beautiful over there."
Do we have time to finish this before Tom gets here?
The man was traveling with a stolen passport.
Come and take a look.
It's the only possible conclusion.
A lot of people saw you at the scene of the accident.
Are we going to see you soon?
Are you going to see Tom again?
Are you going to see Tom?
Are you seeing someone else?
Are you surprised to see me here?
Call Tom and see what he thinks.
Can you see that Tom gets home?
Can't you see Tom is in agony?
Can't you see Tom is injured?
Can't you see Tom is upset?
Can't you see we're on a break?
Can't you see we're talking?
Can't you see what just happened?
Can't you see what Tom is doing?
Can't you see what we're doing?
Can't you see what's happening?
Could you see that Tom gets this?
Did Tom see what Mary was doing?
Did you actually see Tom going into the Mary's office?
Did you just see something?
Did you see it on the news?
Did you see the shooter's face?
Did you see Tom going into the restaurant?
Did you see what Tom did to my bicycle?
Did you see who was inside?
Didn't you see Tom at the party?
Do you see what this means?
Do you see what Tom is doing?
Do you think Tom is seeing someone else?
Do you think Tom saw anything?
Do you think Tom saw it, too?
Do you think Tom saw it?
Do you think Tom saw you take the keys?
Don't you see what it means?
Goodnight, I'll see you in the morning.
Has Tom been to see you recently?
Have you actually seen Tom's diploma?
Have you been seeing a shrink?
Have you been seeing a therapist?
Have you seen it work?
Have you seen my keys?
Have you seen my phone?
Have you seen something?
Have you seen the man in this picture?
Have you seen the news?
Have you seen the paper?
Have you seen this before?
Have you seen this file?
Have you seen this movie?
Have you seen this pamphlet?
Have you seen today's paper?
Haven't we seen Tom before?
Haven't you seen the plans?
Here's something we haven't seen before.
How are you not seeing that?
I bet you didn't see that coming.
I could tell that Tom had been crying.
I didn't see the explosion. I just felt it.
I don't see what that has to do with this.
I haven't seen a thing.
I haven't seen you helping much around here.
I thought you might've seen something.
I'll see you in an hour.
I'm waiting to see what Tom will do.
I've been seeing things.
I've got to see someone.
I've seen it done.
It's nice to see you haven't changed.
Let's just see you do that.
Let's just wait and see what happens.
Let's see if we can get inside.
Let's see what Tom has to say about Mary's plan.
Let's see what Tom has to say.
Let's see what we have here.
Let's see what you've got in your suitcase.
Maybe I'll see you in Boston.
Now I've seen everything.
OK, sorry, see you tomorrow.
So, are you seeing anyone?
Someone is going to see you.
Thank you for seeing me.
Thank you for seeing us.
Thanks for seeing me.
That's something you don't see every day.
The last time I saw you was in Boston.
Tom saw that something was wrong.
We'll see what we can do.
What did you see at that time?
What did you see in the kitchen?
What did you see that night?
What if somebody sees you?
What Tom saw made him nervous.
What Tom saw made him unhappy.
When are you going to see Tom again?
You didn't see anything, did you?
What'll you do if someone sees you?
He's lazy and dishonest.
He doesn't go to church.
Will I go to hell if I don't go to church?
Bill Gates is the world's richest man.
How can Bill Gates be the world's richest man if he gave away all of his money?
I bet you can't do this.
Having your help made all the difference.
How did you know I grew up in Boston?
Are any of you coming with me?
Are you coming back?
Are you coming in?
Are you going to come back?
Aren't you coming inside?
Aren't you coming with us?
Can we come in for moment?
Can we come in?
Can we come with you?
Can you come and get me?
Can you come closer?
Can you come to my office immediately?
Can you come up to my room and help me?
Can you come up with something by Monday?
Can you come with me?
Can you come with us, please?
Could I come in for a moment?
Could we come in, please?
Could you come and get me?
Could you come in here, please.
Could you come into my office?
Could you come to my quarters?
Could you come up here?
Did anyone see you come in?
Did Tom see you come in?
Did you come for me?
Did you know they were coming here today?
Have Tom come see me.
How about you come with me?
How come you ask?
How come you didn't do it?
How did you come by this information?
How did you come up with all this?
How did you come up with that?
How did you come up with this plan?
How did you come up with this?
I appreciate your coming to see me.
I just came by to say thanks.
I thought you were coming with us.
If you do come up with something, let me know.
Is Tom coming back?
It'll come to me.
It'll come to you.
Just come with me, please.
Just get whatever you came for and leave.
Let's see what we can come up with.
May I come aboard?
Maybe they'll come back.
Maybe they'll come for you.
Maybe Tom isn't coming back.
Now come with me.
Perhaps we can come to some arrangement that works for both of us.
Please come and get me.
Please come with me.
See what you can come up with.
Some people are coming to see you.
Someone will come for you.
Tell them something came up.
Tell them to come here.
Tell Tom to come here.
Thank you all for coming tonight.
Thank you for coming back.
Thank you for coming by.
Thank you for coming in.
Thank you for coming to my rescue.
Thank you for coming today.
Thank you for coming tonight.
Thank you for coming with me.
Thanks for coming to our rescue.
Thanks for coming with me.
The cost of fixing the broken window is coming out of your paycheck.
These came for you.
This came for you this morning.
This came for you.
This knot's coming loose.
Tom came out on top.
Tom came over and cooked dinner for us.
Tom came to Australia to visit his girlfriend.
Tom came to pick me up.
Tom came to the train station to see us off.
Tom comes from a small town.
Tom comes from the south.
Tom has come a long way.
Tom partied until the sun came up.
Tom said he wasn't coming back.
Tom's birthday's coming up.
We have to come up with something soon.
We'll have to come up with something soon.
We'll need to come up with another plan.
What did they come up with?
What did you come to see?
What if Tom doesn't come back?
When can Tom come home?
When did you come in?
When did you come to this realization?
When did you come up with this plan?
When will you be coming back?
When's Tom coming back?
Where did Tom say it came from?
Where did you come up with that stuff?
Where did you say this came from?
Where do you all come from?
Why aren't you coming home?
Why did Tom come to Boston?
Why did Tom have to come back?
Why did we have to come so early?
Why did you come back?
Why did you come in here?
Why didn't you come to me?
Why didn't you just come to me?
Why do we have to wait?
Why do you think Tom came back?
Why do you think Tom came to see you?
Why don't you just come out and say it?
Why haven't you come to see me?
Why is Tom coming here?
Why not come with me?
Why would Tom be coming to see you?
Why would Tom come now?
Would you come here, please?
Would you come in, please?
Would you come to my quarters?
Would you come with us, sir?
Would you have Tom come to my office, please?
Would you please just come with me?
You can come in if you want.
Your name came up at the meeting today.
This is very important to us.
What antivirus are you using?
The court ordered him to pay the fine.
He was bartering information.
Tom wanted Mary to show him how to make pizza.
Tom went upstairs to his room.
What's Tom done with everything that was here?
Where is Tom going?
Tom pulled Mary's hair.
Tom moved closer to Mary.
What was Tom doing there?
Tom likes helping others.
Tom tried to tell Mary how he felt.
Tom wiped Mary's tears away.
Tell Tom what Mary told you.
Come on Tom, let someone else have a turn.
I'm going to go complain about the noise.
Come on, you've got to eat something, Tom.
Tom is coming over for dinner tomorrow night.
Tom suggested we come back tomorrow.
I could hear the sound of Tom's voice coming from the next room.
There's no way I'm letting Tom go out after dark.
Excuse me, may I borrow a pen?
How could Tom not know?
How could you not know?
How could they not know?
How could we have been so wrong?
How could you be so sure?
How could you not notice?
How could you not see me?
How could you think that?
I told you you could do it.
What could you have done?
Yeah, you could be right.
Yeah, you could say that.
Maybe we could go dancing.
Do you think you could do better?
How could you not remember?
How could Tom do that to me?
How could Tom do this to me?
Maybe we could collaborate.
Maybe we could make a deal.
Maybe you could get a bike.
You could be mistaken.
Where could they have gone?
How could you not know that?
How could Tom not be jealous?
How could you do that to Tom?
I'm glad to see you could make it.
How could Tom do this to Mary?
What do you think it could be?
Do you think you could do that?
Do you think you could do that for me?
What do you think you could do to help?
Do you think it could've been done better?
Who said you could come in here?
Who said you could take the car?
How could Tom have been so wrong?
How could you be so irresponsible?
Tom owns the biggest farm equipment dealership in this area.
We have a small vegetable garden.
Tom and his family live in a small farm house not too far from here.
Tom's family has been involved in dairy farming for years.
Tom was forced to sell his farm.
I lived on a farm when I was a kid.
Tom is from a little farming town up north.
This land is ideal for farming.
We sometimes see airplanes flying over our farm.
Tom lives in an isolated farm house.
The barn is full of farm equipment and tools.
We still have some farm equipment that hasn't been used since my grandfather died.
That farm belongs to the Jackson family.
A century ago, this was just a small farm town.
We don't use pesticides like those on our farm.
How far is the next farm?
I hope my theory of what happened to the plane is wrong.
Tom is just a farm boy living in a big city.
Tom said he was interested in buying a farm.
This is my farm, and it isn't for sale.
Do you think a city-slicker like Tom would be happy living on a farm?
Our farm isn't far away from here.
Tom didn't like living in the city and moved back to the farm where he grew up.
This farm seems to have been abandoned.
Satan is pleased.
Can anyone recommend a wedding photographer?
I live on a farm.
I spent all morning chopping wood.
I've never lived on a farm, but both of my parents grew up on farms.
There are many migrant farm-worker children at our school.
They both have farms less than three kilometers from here.
This farm has belonged to our family for generations.
Tom and I plan to start digging a well tomorrow morning.
Tom got a job at one of the local farms.
Tom got Mary's father to give him the job on their farm.
Tom inherited his farm from his father.
What do you grow on your farm?
What kind of farm machinery do you need to buy?
Stop by if you're ever in the neighborhood.
I just had my car checked and they assured me everything was in perfect working order.
Tom's family sold their farm and moved to the city.
Tom worked on a farm last summer.
Tom is plowing the fields today.
After Tom finished watering the plants, he sat down on the porch to enjoy the sunset.
Did you plant this yourself?
First of all, we have to plant all these seeds.
We hope to finish planting the field before the sun sets.
I promised to go over to Tom's two times a day to water his starts while he was away.
The farm workers unloaded the truck.
How many apple trees do you have in your orchard?
I have five hens and get about three eggs a day from them.
Tom raises rabbits for meat.
It's rather hot out here.
Tom and I planted some trees on the south side of the house.
Where is everyone else?
I'm going to Stockholm.
Nobody cares about your life.
Melanie is reading her favourite book.
Melanie is going to the airport.
What vegetables do you usually grow?
How many onion starts did you plant this year?
Melanie thinks that it's going to rain.
When Tom was working on the dairy farm, he had to get up at five o'clock every morning to go and milk the cows.
These plants are all poisonous.
Tom plants sunflowers every spring.
I thought Tom would plant the tulips near the oak tree.
Tom is going to the airport to pick Mary up.
Italy is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea.
Tom spent the morning weeding his garden.
These look like spinach plants.
How many apple trees are there in your orchard?
Is this the way to the station?
I've lost his number.
I've lost her number.
Next time I shall do like all the others.
I'm tired to make a brave guy.
It barely ever rains here.
I'd like to live in Italy.
A bad thing never dies.
Can I use them with you?
Nicaragua is called "the land of lakes and volcanos."
Can you understand this language?
Today my baby was born.
People attach more importance to popular culture today than in the past.
Some people are doing disrespectful things.
About languages are in process of extinction, because of English.
The dominance of English in many countries made people speak their native languages less.
English is the most spoken language in the world.
France aided the Thirteen Colonies for independence.
Powerful bombs won't get destroyed as long as capitalism continues.
Committing genocide is one of the biggest crimes against humanity.
Cultures get extinct if languages get extinct.
Why are you scared?
Don't forget to water the plants!
Many farmers had to divest themselves of stock during the drought to save on feeding costs.
My brother wrote me in the past week.
Mary took a picture of herself and sent it to Tom.
Mary took a picture of herself on her phone and sent it to Tom.
Oh my God! You're so stupid!
He loves me and I love him too.
Tom loves me and I love him too.
She loves me and I love her too.
He's lied to me in the past and I don't trust him.
"How do I look?" "You look retarded."
Should I cut my hair?
"How do I look?" "You look fine."
"How do I look?" "You look great."
Mary doesn't want to wear expensive brand name clothes.
I really hate myself right now.
The matter is settled.
Your ignorance is astonishing!
Thanks. You have no idea how much this means to me.
We talked for hours on the phone.
Tom and his squirrel had a huge fight.
We love each other, but I live in the U.S. and he lives in Germany.
He texts me all the time.
She texts me all the time.
You can use your imagination.
I still love him very much.
I still love her very much.
We love each other, but she lives in Germany and I live in the United States.
Tom has lied to me in the past and I don't trust him.
Tom texts me all the time.
Do you think I need a haircut?
I love spending time with him.
I love talking to him.
I love talking to her.
I love spending time with her.
I love spending time with Tom.
Tom, I need to talk to you about something serious.
I enjoy talking with Tom.
I love spending time with Mary.
I enjoy spending time with Tom.
I always have fun when I hang out with Tom.
Tom, are you feeling alright?
I don't know why Tom did this.
I wish you could meet him.
I wish you could meet her.
I wonder why Tom did that.
I wish you could've met Tom.
I wish you could've met Tom when you were in Boston.
He's a wonderful guy.
Tom's squirrel has a fluffy tail.
He's a little too old for me.
You're a little too old for me.
You're a little too young for me.
I spend too much time on Tatoeba.
Why do you need to know?
I think Tom is too old for me.
Tom is too old for me.
My mother told me that Tom is too old for me.
I don't have a lover.
I have what you're looking for.
Have you ever eaten tempeh?
She's the nicest person I have ever met.
I have always wanted to be a singer.
Tom is very scrawny and wouldn't be able to fight his way out of a wet paper bag.
He's not from around here.
They've been looking for the plane for eight days, without success.
After falling off his bike, Tom writhed around on the ground in pain.
I found this in her purse.
"I found this in her purse." "Oh my God! That's mine!"
Somebody told me you had a boyfriend.
Somebody told me you had a girlfriend.
Tom is one of the nicest people I've ever met.
Tom is one of the best guitar players in Australia.
Many midwives are needed in order to give birth to the future.
Tom is one of the richest men in Boston.
The actor who plays Jesus is quite handsome.
I could hardly believe my eyes when I saw the amazing renovations Tom had done on his house.
Tom isn't from around here.
Tom isn't from Boston.
Don't even worry about it.
I'll pay you for everything.
I'm sure Tom will be here any second.
We'll take good care of Tom.
I don't feel like talking about Tom today.
I don't feel like talking with Tom today.
Tom told me you were a little nervous.
All you ever do is worry about what'll happen, so you never get anything done.
Are you sure there's nothing to worry about?
Aren't you worried it might be a trap?
As always, there's nothing to worry about.
Clearly, they have more important things to worry about.
Do you ever worry about getting caught?
Do you think we should worry?
Don't tell me not to worry.
Don't worry about how much it costs, as long as it's reasonable.
Don't worry about it, Tom. It's not your problem.
Don't worry about it. It's no big deal.
Don't worry about it. Just get back to work.
Don't worry about me. I'm OK.
Don't worry your pretty little heads about it.
Don't worry. Everything will be all right.
Don't worry. Everything will be fine now.
Don't worry. Everything's going to work out.
Don't worry. I'll be back in time to help you get ready for your party.
Don't worry. I'll be here the whole time.
Don't worry. I'll get home safely.
Don't worry. I'll let you know when to turn.
Don't worry. I'll look after your dog for you.
Don't worry. I'll pay you for everything.
Don't worry. I'm sure there's a good reason why Tom isn't here yet.
Don't worry. I've already taken care of it.
Don't worry. It won't take very long.
Don't worry. It's going to be fine.
Don't worry. It's not the end of the world.
Don't worry. There'll be plenty to go around.
Don't worry. Things will go your way soon.
Don't worry. Tom can fix anything.
Don't worry. Tom will take care of it.
Don't worry, Tom. I'm sure you'll land on your feet.
Don't worry. We'll find someone else to do the job.
Don't worry. We'll find Tom.
Don't worry. We'll get to the bottom of this.
Don't worry. We're not going to leave you.
Don't worry. You'll get used to it.
Hey, don't worry about it, Tom.
Honestly, there's nothing to worry about.
How long have you been worrying about that?
I bet Tom didn't stay up all night worrying about this.
I can't see anything to worry about.
I didn't really think there was anything to worry about.
I don't have time to worry about you.
I don't have to worry about finding a job.
I don't need my kids worrying about me.
I don't think Tom has to worry about Mary anymore.
I don't think you have to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't want people worrying about me more than they already are.
I guess I have nothing to worry about then.
I guess you don't have to worry about that anymore.
I have enough to worry about with Tom. I don't have time to worry about you, too.
I have other things to worry about, like work.
I just mentioned it because I know a lot of people who worry about that.
I kind of worry about stuff like that.
I never had to worry about Tom.
I think Tom worries too much.
I worried about Tom's health.
I'll figure out a way to fix this. Don't worry.
I'll tell Tom he's got nothing to worry about.
I'm beginning to worry that Tom is in some kind of trouble.
I'm not going to worry about what I can't control.
I'm really starting to worry about you.
I've got nothing to worry about.
I've got plenty of other things to worry about.
If Tom is here, you don't need to worry.
If you spend too much time worrying, you'll never get anything done.
If you stop worrying, you might enjoy yourself.
In any case, you don't need to worry.
Is something else worrying you?
It looks like Tom is beginning to worry about what might happen.
It'd be nice not to have to worry about money.
It's going to be great to get a good night's sleep without worrying about Tom anymore.
It's going to be OK now, Tom, don't worry.
It's nothing to worry about, OK?
It's nothing to worry about. It's just a scratch.
It's one less thing to worry about.
It's really nothing to worry about.
Just don't worry about it, OK?
Just relax and quit worrying.
Just tell Tom not to worry.
Leave the worrying to us.
Let's not worry about it right now.
Let's not worry about that anymore.
Let's not worry about that now.
Let's worry about that later.
Look, don't worry about Tom, OK?
Normally this wouldn't worry the pilot, but recently this kind of thing has been happening more and more often.
Now we have one less thing to worry about.
One thing I didn't have to worry about was finding drinking water.
Paying your rent is not your biggest worry.
Please call Tom and let him know we're OK so he doesn't worry.
Quit worrying, OK?
See Tom, I told you didn't have anything to worry about.
Seriously, it's nothing to worry about.
Should we be worrying about what's going to happen?
Sometimes I worry we're all going to end up like Tom.
Stop worrying about me.
Stop worrying about that and focus on your work.
Stop worrying and get some sleep.
Stop worrying so much.
Stop worrying, and get some sleep.
Tell Tom to stop worrying.
That doesn't seem to worry Tom too much.
That's certainly nothing to worry about.
That's nothing to worry about.
The patients all worried.
The point is not to worry about what might happen tomorrow.
There may be nothing to worry about.
There was nothing to worry about.
There's enough to worry about without worrying about what Tom might be doing right now.
There's no need for worry.
There's no need to worry about me.
There's no need to worry about that at this point.
There's no need to worry about Tom.
There's no point in worrying about it now.
There's no point in worrying about that.
There's no time to worry about that now.
There's nothing to worry about, OK?
There's really nothing to worry about.
They don't worry about what's going to happen tomorrow.
They say we've got nothing to worry about.
They're telling us not to worry.
This will give Tom one more thing to worry about.
To tell you the truth, my biggest worry is what Tom will do if he finds out that Mary has been killed.
Tom doesn't have to worry about me.
Tom has enough on his mind without worrying about me.
Tom has his own life to worry about.
Tom has never had to worry too much about anything.
Tom has nothing to worry about as long as he pays his rent on time.
Tom has too many things to worry about.
Tom is always worrying about things that don't really matter all that much.
Tom is beginning to worry that Mary might be seriously injured.
Tom never told you because he didn't want you to worry about him.
Tom says he has other things to worry about.
Tom should definitely start worrying about losing his job.
Tom told Mary she didn't have to worry about John anymore.
Tom told me not to worry.
Tom was worried that he might lose his license.
Tom wasn't worried about getting caught.
Try not to worry about it.
Try not to worry about Tom.
Try not to worry so much.
We already have enough to worry about.
We can worry about the other problems later.
We don't have to worry about any more interruptions from Tom.
We still have one more problem to worry about.
We were starting to worry you wouldn't make it in time.
We'll let Tom worry about that.
We'll sort this out. Don't worry.
Well, let's not worry about it.
What's there to worry about?
When the wind blew part of our roof off, we started worrying.
Will you please tell Tom he has nothing to worry about?
Worrying isn't going to help.
You can stop worrying about Tom.
You can tell Tom not to worry.
You don't even need to worry about it.
You don't have to worry about anything.
You don't have to worry about it.
You don't have to worry about me anymore.
You don't have to worry about that, OK?
You don't have to worry about that.
You don't have to worry about us, Tom.
You don't have to worry, Tom.
You don't need to worry about hurting my feelings.
You don't need to worry about that kind of thing anymore.
You don't need to worry about that.
You don't need to worry about us.
You don't need to worry anymore.
You don't need to worry about Tom.
You let me worry about that, OK?
You let me worry about that.
You let us worry about that.
You should stop worrying about the minor stuff.
You should tell Tom that he has nothing to worry about.
You shouldn't worry.
You spend too much time worrying about things that don't matter.
You're spending too much time worrying.
You worry about helping Tom and let me worry about Mary.
You're going to be OK. Don't worry.
You've got nothing to worry about from me.
You've got other things to worry about.
Tom ran out of money and had to sell his beloved vintage car.
The serial killer was cold and distant during his trial, and appeared unaffected by the fact that he had murdered so many people.
Your new dress suits you very much.
The winter of 2013-was unusually mild in northern Europe and unusually severe in North America.
You gossip to my mother about me.
There is a lot to do.
It's written in Geeta: Fulfill your duties, without the desire of its fruit.
I think you worry too much, Tom.
My father is my biggest source of inspiration.
You spend too much time worrying.
Tom runs a small hobby farm on the outskirts of town where he keeps a few sheep and cattle.
Can we stay here?
Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.
Love is a sacred reserve of energy; it is like the blood of spiritual evolution.
I don't have enough money to buy a new bicycle.
Tom wasn't thirsty.
Love, in fact, is the agent of universal synthesis.
We are collaborators in creation.
Does Tom like his new job?
What makes you think Tom likes you?
The most satisfying thing in life is to have been able to give a large part of one's self to others.
Can I come tomorrow, too?
The universe as we know it is a joint product of the observer and the observed.
He comes from France.
She comes from France.
We are one, after all, you and I, together we suffer, together exist and forever will recreate each other.
The nurse has taken my blood pressure.
The reality of spirit-matter is inevitably translated into and confirmed by a structure of the spirit.
I haven't found a job yet.
This is the door. I expect you to use it.
Please use automatic speech recognition!
"Your Majesty, I have become invisible!" "Oh! Where did you go?" "Right here!" "Oh shit, don't frighten me like that!" "My apologies, Your Majesty." "...Say, that gives me an idea. Go scare the hell out of Morshu. See how he reacts."
"My boy, did you hear something?" "No."
"Your Majesty, Link is gay for Ganon." "Oh, that is so like Link!" "How queer."
She is my teacher.
He was exhausted.
I would like to write a book.
Éamonn did it.
That woman's son is sick.
The man is young.
The man is strong.
"His Majesty... I must go and see what happened! ...Your Majesty, what has happened?" "Link kissed me!" "Of course he kissed you, you're his hero!"
And I grabbed him by his feet and said: "How humiliating this must be for you!"
"This is illegal, you know." "What?" "Your Majesty, copyright says you cannot use this music! ...See, what did I tell you?"
"Luigi, look! It's from Link. Let me read it: 'Dear pesky plumbers, I'm under attack by the evil forces of spaghetti! Save me!' We gotta save Link!" "I'm the traitor, and you must die!" "Shit!"
My brother stayed in Rome for two days.
Don't you see my garden?
We had encouraged this young man to be milder, but he was not obedient to us.
The mountains will labor, and a ridiculous mouse will be born.
The soldiers follow the leader.
There weren't any other elephants nearby.
If you search well, you will find.
The animals run.
Dicaeopolis slowly walks out of his house.
Come here and help.
But life is hard.
I walk to the house.
The friend educates the friend.
They're normal people.
They are normal people.
I work for much time.
I look over to Melissa.
I work and always labor very much.
The one thing I know is that I know nothing.
What do they have in mind?
Dicaeopolis walks out of his house and calls his slave.
The elephant was alone and fainthearted.
For the field is small, but the work is great.
Dicaeopolis is not present.
I hear the noise.
I enjoy being honored by you.
I have never seen Socrates ever do wrong.
Oh Zeus, the farm does not provide much grain.
I haven't heard this in a while!
I have to sweep my room.
It's utter nonsense what you offer!
I haven't heard this song in a while.
I haven't heard this song in a long time.
They acclaimed him emperor.
Language learning software, no matter how nice it looks and works, is only as good as the data it uses.
I don't know if this is a problem that can be solved, but it might be something we should be trying to figure out.
It's dangerous to assume that all of the sentences in the Tatoeba Corpus are correct and suitable for language study.
Italy has two mountain ranges, the Alps and the Apennines.
The two most famous volcanoes of Italy are Vesuvius and Etna.
The longest river in Italy is the Po.
The previous Italian monetary unit has been lira with its symbol of "₤". It isn't bound to Turkish lira.
The bouncer was accused of assaulting a drunken patron.
It's not safe in the city centre after midnight on weekends because of all the drunks roaming the streets.
Tom had a drunken blackout and can't remember how he got home last night.
What's the secret number again?
Are you accusing me of planting evidence?
As soon as Tom walked out the door, Mary began to cry.
Ask Tom and he'll tell you the same thing.
Can you please give me something to do?
Could you explain to me what happened?
I did what Tom needed me to do.
I did what Tom ordered me to do.
I did what Tom told me to do.
I don't think Tom feels the same way.
I hope Tom isn't angry.
I know Tom is up to something.
I lost my insurance when I was laid off at the plant.
I realized Tom was right.
I wish I could stop thinking about Tom.
I'd feel better if Tom knew about this.
I'm afraid that's not going to happen.
I'm having a little trouble with this.
I'm not sure Tom is going to survive.
I'm pretty sure Tom's will be at the party.
I've got a message for you from Tom.
I've heard that plants are better adapted to space travel than people are.
It was bound to happen sooner or later.
Let's stay focused.
The truck hit the police officer before plowing into the police car.
This isn't the knife I confiscated from Tom.
Tom and Mary are eating breakfast.
Tom and Mary were sitting in the back seat of the car.
Tom didn't even know where he was.
Tom is an exceptional basketball player.
Tom is one of the bravest men I've ever known.
Tom is scheduled to die by lethal injection tonight.
Tom is to die by lethal injection tonight.
Tom is talking on the phone with Mary.
Tom likes feeding the pigeons in the park.
Tom looked into the adjoining bedroom.
Tom pushed the wheelchair into Mary's room.
Tom put a pillow under Mary's head.
Tom reached for his cell phone.
Tom released his grip on the door knob.
Tom sat on the arm of the couch.
Tom started to climb the ladder.
Tom thinks that it's going to rain.
Tom told his commanding officer that he wasn't willing to kill anyone.
Tom told Mary everything he knew about what had happened.
Tom told me that you were with him yesterday afternoon.
Tom tried to warn Mary.
Tom used the key Mary had given him to enter the house.
Tom won't be home for another minutes.
Tom's had a lot of girlfriends.
We've got to hurry.
You have a task to complete.
You promised that Tom would be here.
Tom is a very good basketball player.
In periods of drought, farmers have to hand-feed their stock.
I am writing a book in several languages, and I simultaneously publish it on Tatoeba's screens all over the world.
Even Rome was built in one day.
He's jealous.
She is jealous.
Her concert was unreal.
Don't ride a bicycle on sand.
It's really difficult to pedal!
I think she is used to walking to and from work every day.
I have some fond memories of this song.
It depends on what comes out at the end.
I want to kiss my girlfriend!
The colors of Italian flag are white, red and green.
She is longing for city life.
If I can't trust you, who can I trust?
If I can't trust myself, who can I trust?
Go to red alert.
You're being very unfair, Tom.
Okay, I'll do it.
You're not going to wear that, are you?
You can't force me to go!
He has no idea that I'm coming.
She has no idea that I'm coming.
I feel like I'm not wanted.
"And what are you implying?" "I'm not implying anything."
A closed mouth catches no flies.
Your death will be painless.
A departmental manager is always between a rock and a hard place.
Mary and I work together.
I feel depressed.
"How are you?" "I'm fine, thanks."
Hasten slowly.
War is the father of all.
My name is Nobody.
Nothing in excess.
Cretans always lie.
Either with it or on it.
I have found it!
I grow old always learning many things.
Stand out of my sun.
Ever to excel.
There is learning in suffering.
Always seeking the truth.
Oh stranger, tell the Lacedaemonians that here we lie, obedient to their words.
Fortunate is he who is able to know the causes of things.
A water drop hollows a stone not by force but by falling often.
But what a woman says to her desirous lover ought to be written in the wind and the fast-moving water.
They can because they think they can.
Those about to die salute you.
If you seek his monument, look around.
If I cannot move heaven, I will raise hell.
Sweet and fitting it is to die for your country.
While we live, let us live.
Wise is the man who speaks little.
I have erected a monument more lasting than bronze.
If you wish me to weep, you yourself must first feel grief.
Suns can set and rise again; but when at once our brief light falls, one perpetual night must be slept by us.
Even as we speak, envious time will have fled: seize the day, trusting as little as possible in the hereafter.
But meanwhile it flees: time flees irretrievably, while we wander around, prisoners of our love of detail.
I sing of arms and the man, who first from the mouth of Troy, exiled by fate, came to Italy and the Lavinian shore.
My mind brings me to speak of forms changed into bodies new.
The Fates lead the willing, and drag the unwilling.
It is difficult to suddenly put aside a long-standing love.
The guilty fear the law, the innocent fortune.
I had horses, men, arms, and riches: are you surprised I am sorry to lose them? For if you want to rule the world, does it follow that everyone else welcomes enslavement?
I'm astonished, wall, that you haven't collapsed into ruins, since you're holding up the weary verse of so many poets.
But who will guard the guards themselves?
Love rests on no foundation. It is an endless ocean, with no beginning or end.
Even when tied in a thousand knots, the string is still but one.
Have you ever been in trouble with the law?
"This one?" "No, that one!"
"Did you mean this one?" "No, I meant that one!"
This young man has a bright future.
Is she marrying him for his money?
I'm going with Tom and the others to a karaoke bar today. Are you coming?
Tom and Mary bought an old farm.
Tom bought an old house and said that he would fix it all by himself.
Don't mention it to Tom.
Don't mention it to Mary.
It was God's will.
Mary is a former model.
The future has never looked brighter.
What an interesting choice of words.
He spoke to me in German.
How can you speak such flawless German?
Tom asked me to marry him.
If he had asked me to marry him, I think that I would have.
Hello, may I speak to Tom?
What reason could Tom possibly have to lie to you?
She should not have married Tom.
Mary should not have married Tom.
Tom walked out of the movie.
I walked out of the movie.
We walked out of the movie.
You're very good with people.
He's trying to use you. Don't marry him!
Doesn't love always begin that way?
We have time, there's no rush.
Why should I care about this?
Why should I care about him?
Why should I care about her?
Tom loves the new toy that Mary gave him for his birthday.
Goats do not like getting wet and will seek shelter quicker than sheep and other livestock.
If you don't find me attractive enough, then just say so.
If you don't find me attractive, then just say so.
My calculator made a mistake.
Sheep need to be kept dry for two days before shearing to enable the fleece to be removed and pressed once the sheep have been shorn.
He is quite athletic.
The drunk driver drove his car straight through the wall of the house and into a bedroom.
Why are you doing that?
Why are you doing that, Tom?
Tom walked out of the movie because he was too scared.
These goats are playful.
Alcoholism is a horrible disease.
Tom's mother died young because she drank and smoked too much.
A highly skilled shearer can shear a sheep in two to three minutes depending on the size and condition of the sheep.
Tom never managed to get rid of his cigarette addiction.
Rabbits love carrots.
I find you quite attractive.
I am ashamed to use the language they speak.
Who would have thought back then that Tom would only live for seven years?
On the wedding day itself, Tom showed Mary his true face.
I have never smoked a cigarette in my life.
Who would have thought back then that Tom had only seven years to live?
I just don't feel like it.
Do you find me attractive?
I urged him to quit smoking.
Tom has started coughing heavily and I'm worried about his health.
The picture of Mary that Tom had drawn took John's breath away.
Mary could not turn away from the picture of Sleeping Beauty that Tom had drawn.
Using simple crayons, just like those used by any child, Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures.
Mary could not stop looking at the picture of Sleeping Beauty that Tom had drawn.
He who dies with the most toys wins.
He is not the same as before.
The seventh day of the week is Sunday.
Every single word you say is a lie.
You have to learn more.
She got arrested.
She was arrested.
More than 90% of the world's renewable electricity comes from dams.
That looks somewhat dangerous.
He really wants to work as a translator.
Humans generate more than million tons of hazardous waste every day.
The largest man-made structure in the world is The Great Wall of China. The 2nd largest is the Staten Island garbage landfill in New York.
By most calculations we have used more natural resources since than in all of human history to that time.
Americans constitute 5% of the world's population but consume 24% of the world's energy.
On average, one American consumes as much energy as Japanese, Mexicans, Chinese, Indians, Bangladeshis, Tanzanians, or Ethiopians.
Don't trust anybody but yourself.
The power of population is indefinitely greater than the power in the earth to produce subsistence for man.
The three richest people in the world control more wealth than the poorest nations.
Can you give me a permission to enter here?
Everyone does wrong things in their lives.
I want to learn what you want to do.
There are lives at stake.
I'm not going to the meeting.
There are ducks on the pond.
There are mallard ducks near the pond.
I got no response from anyone.
I'm not listening to music.
The dates are often wrong.
You see ghosts in the daylight.
The salmonella bacteria are directly associated with the turtles.
The line between criminals and noncriminals isn't always so evident.
Come here this afternoon between two and three.
He must pay for his crimes.
This sofa is made of hemp.
You have to answer his letter.
Tom, come back here!
Where is Atlantis?
The people of Atlantis had advanced technology.
One day, the island of Atlantis vanished into the sea.
I do not dictate your lessons.
The wind began to blow.
Police brutality has been a problem for a long time.
She pulled at her heartstrings.
He pulled at his heartstrings.
She pulled at his heartstrings.
I'm delighted to make your acquaintance.
Everyone has something that's troubling him.
The boy scratched his ear.
The stage was sprinkled with flower petals.
Gimme three.
What? I can't hear what you're saying.
Tom is afraid to ask for help.
Everything has its limits.
To me, it is easier writing about death than about life.
How do I explain it so that everyone understands it?
I don't know if he'll come tonight.
Her perfume can be smelled from meters away.
We should try to understand each other.
We don't have any available rooms at the moment.
I know she'll agree.
I know he'll agree.
Stopping population growth is like stopping a speeding train.
I'll let someone else deal with it.
In the same amount of time it would take me to correct all the mistakes in your report, I could write a better report myself.
He's stark naked.
I hope you've had a great day!
This production is primarily aimed at the American market.
The painting won't be sold.
It's a redundant text.
It's one of the world's greatest collections.
People are skeptical about new Caravaggio's paintings.
I will make a note in my notebook.
Caravaggio is a very famous painter.
Caravaggio's paintings are recognized immediately.
He had huge mood swings.
She had huge mood swings.
He had a very strong impact on the history of art.
She had a very strong impact on the history of art.
His work was similar to Coleridge's one.
Her work was similar to Coleridge's one.
There's a revision of his work.
There's a revision of her work.
Did I understand that correctly?
We didn't reach the summit.
It's not a toothpaste, it's a face-cleansing foam!
I seldom cook "Imam Bayıldı" because it is a lot of work.
His sons have gone to Tokyo.
His daughters have gone to Tokyo.
Her daughters have gone to Tokyo.
You need to work on saving your marriage.
I'd like to do it, but unfortunately I don't have the time.
My book is here.
How is it possible that you don't have time?
Time is the present moment – there is no moment other than the present one.
Can you miss the present moment?
Of course not. That is quite impossible.
So we all have time, because with no exception all of us live in the present moment, in the now.
In other words, we create time, we are time-makers, and we create it in order to do whatever we want to.
If I really want to do something, I'll have limitless time to do it, since time (the present moment, the now) has no dimension.
But if I'm not willing to do it, I'll tell myself or anyone else that unfortunately I'm short of time, I don't have the time.
No one can be short of time, unless they are outside the present moment, which is an absolute impossibility.
We are masters of time, not its slaves!
Climate change is real and it's caused by humans.
Where are you from, my friends?
Tom's new gadget is cool, but useless.
Tom is obsessed with model trains.
Tom is obsessed with trains.
Tom is a model railroad hobbyist.
When you have kids of your own, you'll understand.
You'll understand when you have kids.
You'll understand once you have kids.
The world of dreams is a set of stages where virtual realities permeate one another.
Wow, you have girlfriends? Don't let one see you with the other.
In the past several years, the engine of world growth has been China.
Really, who doesn't want to be a princess? All you really need is a good plumber, and you're set!
The first Romanian operetta was performed in Iași in 1848.
A monarch had six sons.
You can do no more for me.
A top-class shearer can shear up to sheep in one day.
Tom got all his affairs in order, to make it easier for Mary after his death.
I am going to shop.
Tom had to bear the brunt of his boss's anger.
Thieves broke into the palace and stole the princess's diamonds.
Over two hundred guests attended Tom and Mary's wedding.
Many couples these days are having divorce ceremonies, complete with divorce vows, conducted by professional civil celebrants.
Milk gives me a stomachache.
I'll take care of the rest.
Take a picture with your phone.
Why are you protecting him?
Why are you protecting her?
Stop fighting. We're all on the same team here.
"Why does Tom call me Mary?" "Isn't your name Mary?" "No, it's Maria."
I asked for a refund.
What did you do to my computer?
Tom asked Mary out on a date, but she said no. A year later they were married.
What have you done to my computer?
Mary is a fashion designer.
What did you think it was?
Malayalam is a palindrome.
Why was I never told about this?
Is it true that the French are masters at flirting?
These computers are mine.
Can I touch your beard?
A news chopper crashed in Seattle.
The Space Needle is in Seattle.
I can see how you'd call him a famous personality.
I'll miss you, too.
Tom loves me and I love him, too.
You're pretty cute, too.
You're really pretty, too.
Tom likes knitting, too.
Guys have feelings, too.
I'm very pleased to meet you, too.
I started to cry, too.
Men cry, too.
This is going to be good for you, too.
She loves me and I love her, too.
He loves me and I love him, too.
He wants to kiss me. And I want to kiss him, too.
Did I mention that he's handsome?
"Did I mention that he's handsome?" "Yes, you did."
Tom drives a bus and Mary is a tour guide.
I can teach you how to speak my language, if you want.
I understand that he's something of a famous personality.
Don't mind me, Tom. Just keep doing whatever it is you were doing.
Tom, you're super cute, but you're also stupid.
It's a good thing you're cute.
Are you trying to cover something up?
It's not how it happened.
I am giving you an order.
You don't like me very much, do you?
"What's this big tower in the center of Berlin?" "It's the Fernsehturm!"
Alexanderplatz is in the center of Berlin.
How do you get to Tomplatz from here?
The Rotes Rathaus is the town hall of Berlin.
Every "why" has its "because".
This building was destroyed during World War II and rebuilt after the war.
It's sad that many historical buildings got destroyed during the war.
This popular German singer only sings in English.
This house has a red roof.
There are streetcars in Berlin.
Why are there so few tramways in North America?
Tom did his utmost to stop his marriage from falling apart.
Tom's attempt at humour went over like a lead balloon.
Tom asked if he could walk me home.
I'll need at least a day to make the necessary preparations.
I believe we can make the necessary modifications by tomorrow.
I have no idea what would make our dog behave like that.
I make it a policy never to argue with people about things like that.
I'd hate to be the one who has to make that decision.
I expect you to make all the necessary arrangements.
We have to make a decision soon.
I don't understand the world anymore.
I don't understand the world anymore. Well, actually I just now realize that I never understood it.
You'll never make it out of here alive.
I've asked them if they would consider a compromise.
This is so hilarious.
Do you think it could actually make a difference?
Do you think it would actually make a difference?
I want to make a complaint to the management.
I'd like to talk to the manager.
You have thirty minutes to make your decision.
We have only thirty minutes to make our decision.
I have no wish to make you do anything you don't want to do.
I can make a few calls for you if you want me to.
You're about to make a very serious mistake.
I have no idea what I'm doing with my life.
I'm the only one with the password.
Tom never makes the same mistake twice.
Tom finally made it to the top of the stairs.
I asked you not to make any noise.
Tom's father is a brilliant actor, but in real life he's a crashing bore.
Are you unwilling to even try?
You should be careful not to make the same mistake again.
We had to make the best of a bad deal.
We'll make a man out of you yet.
We'll make a sailor out of you yet.
We'll make a soldier out of you yet.
We'll make a cowboy out of you yet.
We're prepared to make our attempt.
We will make every effort to do so.
Do you really want to make some money?
If you really want to make a lot of money, I can tell you how.
You're not authorized to do that.
We'll make a lawyer out of you yet.
You should probably do what Tom asks.
We should be able to make it work.
You said you could make this work.
You'd make a good grandfather.
You'd make a good teacher.
You have to make Tom believe you.
We had to make other arrangements.
You seem to make friends easily.
We'll never make it at this rate.
Did you make that all by yourself?
We're so glad you could make it.
This car will never make it to Boston.
You'd make a good private detective.
You have to make up your minds.
I don't understand how the human brain works.
Can you make us some breakfast?
I just realized that I'm quite ignorant about the world.
You can make an educated guess, can't you?
You'll never make it out here alive.
We need to find an antidote.
You need money to make money.
You'd better make a decision.
You always make that mistake.
You'd make a good counselor.
You have to make a decision.
We all make mistakes, right?
That'll only make things worse.
You two make a nice couple.
We need to make sacrifices.
You make many valid points.
We make decisions together.
You have to make this work.
You'd better make it quick.
Do you think you can make it to the party?
You need to make a choice.
All girls wear pink panties.
We make an excellent team.
We need to make it clear what we aren't willing to do.
We'd make a perfect team.
You make everything fun.
We'll make an exception for Tom.
We have decisions to make.
You must make a choice.
We'll make a good team.
They made a good point.
You made things worse.
We can make this work.
We can make new plans.
You make my job easy.
You can make another one if this one breaks.
We have to make a plan.
We made our demands.
We make a good team.
Does Tom have gray hair?
For some reason, Tom couldn't get to sleep.
Everyone looked at Tom like he'd lost his mind.
Everyone looked at Tom to see what he'd do.
Everyone, including Tom, was sitting around the table.
Everyone was sitting around the table.
Everyone was sitting at the table.
Except for Tom, everyone laughed.
Tom wasn't here last week.
For a moment there, you sounded just like Tom.
For a moment, it looked like Tom might cry.
For a moment, Tom was too stunned to move.
Tom wasn't sure what Mary meant.
For a moment there, I thought Tom might refuse our offer.
This isn't so difficult.
I saw Tom before he saw me.
It looks like you had a tough day.
Why don't you fix Tom something to eat?
What could Tom be doing there?
What makes you think Tom's plan won't work?
Are you currently using any medication?
Don't forget that it's Tom's birthday tomorrow.
Don't start something you can't finish.
Tom had no desire to move to Boston.
Tom had no desire to go there by himself.
Tom just stood there looking at Mary.
Tom told me to meet him in front of the concert hall.
Tom told me to meet him there.
Tom got mugged on his way home.
Tom was mugged on his way home.
Everything I have is yours.
My internet connection is slow.
The credibility and veracity of the report that pieces of the plane have been found, cannot yet be verified.
The Prime Minister said that the enquiry would establish who knew what, when.
The police received an anonymous tip-off that the bank robbery was an inside job.
How many times a day do you brush your teeth?
We have to do something to help Tom.
We can make it work.
We'd better make sure.
We'll make it work.
We have to make do with what we have.
I wish Tom could be here with us.
I think Tom doesn't like it here.
Customer satisfaction is our primary concern.
I heard they offered you Tom's job.
Tom isn't mad at you anymore.
Tom made sure nobody could see him before he opened the envelope.
What was Tom doing when you saw him?
I hope there are no hard feelings.
I've got a terrific surprise for you.
I was wondering when you'd be back.
Tom wants to talk to you privately.
It's very obvious that Tom likes Mary.
Tom helped his mother prepare dinner.
Does Tom know how you feel about him?
Hopefully, Tom will be back on his feet soon.
It's very unusual for you and Tom to disagree.
It's hard to believe Tom would do what you said he did.
It's obvious Tom and Mary like each other.
That's probably not true.
Tom was surrounded by a group of young girls.
Tom put his lunch tray on the table.
There was nothing Tom could've done to prevent the accident.
I think Tom is going to propose to you tonight.
Anyone could've done what you did.
I haven't seen Tom since yesterday.
I really appreciate everything you've done for us.
There's something I need to ask you.
I wish Tom could be here with us today.
I'm having a party tonight and everyone's invited.
All of the men were dressed similarly to Tom.
Maybe you should have a little talk with Tom.
It's obvious that Tom is in love with Mary.
He's at a loss how to make ends meet.
I'm sure Tom knows what he's doing.
So far, I've told no one.
So far, I haven't told anyone.
At least you'll be able to row your way out of the oncoming flood.
I knew the end was nigh.
There's something I want you to do.
Tom will furnish you with anything you need.
The end was nigh.
The end was near.
Tom thinks that he's always right.
I'm sure this is exactly what you need.
I think I caught your cold.
I wish you'd stop calling me so late at night.
Tom is still living at home with his parents.
I know you're upset. We all are.
It looks like you need a bath.
You don't have to give me anything.
You don't have to pay me anything.
Tom started screaming at the top of his lungs.
I went to Tom and Mary's last night.
We can make a deal.
We'll make a list.
I think you need to spend more time with your family.
I bet this is the first time this has happened to you.
Don't do anything against your will.
I met Tom for the first time three days ago.
I'm sorry to bother you at a time like this.
I realize this is a difficult time for you.
I think someone's at the door.
If you're not quiet, I'm going to ask you to leave.
Tom seemed very surprised when I told him about it.
I have a right to know the truth.
I'm not as easily impressed as you are.
Tom glanced over his shoulder, but didn't see anything.
Personally, I think it would be a mistake to hire Tom.
I need a little more time to prepare.
We have no time to waste.
We don't have any time to waste.
Please close the door on your way out.
I'd like something to write on.
How could we have not seen that?
How could we not have seen that?
How could we not have noticed?
How did you know Tom could do that?
How did you know Tom would do that?
How did you know Tom would be late?
My grandson's toys are spread all around the house.
Tom can't stop me.
Tom can't stop me from doing that.
How does Tom do it?
How does Tom manage to support a family on his salary?
Tom has a potbelly.
Does Tom have a key to your apartment?
I talked as a friend.
I didn't even know Tom had a girlfriend.
Tom told me to meet him in front of the theater.
I don't know if Tom has a girlfriend or not.
I don't know whether or not Tom has a girlfriend.
I've got some bad news to tell you.
Right now, there isn't much I can do.
I wonder why Tom wasn't at school today.
Right now, there isn't much I can do to help.
Which do you like better, white rice or brown rice?
Please wait until tomorrow morning.
Tom took on more than he could handle.
I don't think Tom can handle the truth.
It's not really food.
Please let me handle this.
I've been trained to handle this kind of problem.
I'm trying to find a lawyer to handle my case.
Please just tell me what's happening.
I didn't have enough time to finish my presentation.
I need to talk with you about Tom.
It's disturbing.
He is crazy.
Don't ask him any questions about his marriage.
All men are equal according to law.
He jumped into water without removing his clothes.
Really, you are very good.
Are there enough chairs?
He was away from home.
Respect is the foundation of life.
Ask him to attend the meeting.
He burped.
Tom's a threat.
Tom is a threat.
You're having a gastroscopy at nine o'clock tomorrow morning, so please don't have any solid food or liquids from nine o'clock tonight.
Don't say anything to the international press.
Sometimes, a little bit of pride is what we need.
You'll be more than welcome.
You want to speak.
The biggest problem with immigration is its multicultural character. The trouble is not that workers migrate when necessary, but the insurmountable cultural gap that separates them from the host societies. Without going any further, Muslim immigration in Europe is a good example.
There is big difference in the quality of shampoos available in the market.
He is knitting a scarf.
It was also a wet dream.
I lived in Algiers for over a year.
Our ship sailed by favorable wind.
I broke a rib falling.
Why should I trust you?
Every man has seen the wall that limits his mind.
Tom told me that Mary quit smoking.
Tom tried to stop the bleeding.
Tom invited me to his party.
Tom wants you to call him right away.
Somebody has to stay here to look after Tom.
Tom took off his goggles.
I'm sorry I couldn't meet you at the airport.
Tom got caught cheating on a test and was suspended from school.
Tom asked me to go to a movie with him.
Tom wondered what was going on.
Tom is clearly upset about something.
Tom looked around the empty room.
Tom was sentenced to community service.
Tom is trying to get back into shape.
What do you recommend I do to get back into shape?
Riding your bicycle to work every day should help you get back into shape.
The old German mail carrier did not want to touch the package marked "gift."
I'll come right away.
The translation does not represent the views of the translator.
How could Tom have known where the money was hidden?
Tom is a great raconteur and is such fun to be around.
Land, ho!
Will I get superpowers too?
Everyone booed Tom off the stage.
Tom was booed off the stage.
Nothing bad ever happens to Tom.
Who asked Tom to come?
Do you have any idea what happened to Tom?
Tom was aware that everyone was looking at him.
Call Tom and ask him to come back.
I can't wait to meet Tom.
Would it be possible for us to talk to Tom?
Would it be possible for me to take a few days off next week?
You shouldn't lend Tom any money.
Does this have anything to do with Tom?
Does that have anything to do with what we're talking about?
That has nothing to do with what we're talking about.
That doesn't have anything to do with what we're talking about.
Tom didn't know whether to believe Mary or not.
Don't let Tom out of your sight.
Everyone in the room turned to look at Tom.
Everyone's looking for Tom.
Tom hasn't seen Mary either.
Find out if anything has happened to Tom.
Get away from Tom.
Get Tom back here.
Get Tom over here right away.
Get Tom over here.
Get your hands off Tom.
Tom has been giving Mary a hard time.
Go and ask Tom.
Go and find Tom.
Go and look for Tom.
Go talk to Tom.
Tom grabbed the book from Mary.
I haven't seen or heard from Tom since then.
I haven't seen Tom for days.
I haven't talked to Tom in almost a year.
Is it too late for us to register?
This is a serious issue.
This has nothing to do with Tom.
It took my eyes a moment to adjust to the darkness.
It's almost time for Tom to go.
It's great to see Tom having fun again.
It's hard to keep up with Tom.
It's not like Tom not to call.
Keep a good eye on Tom.
Keep away from Tom.
The coroner is performing an autopsy on Tom to find out what killed him.
The coroner is performing an autopsy on Tom to find out why he died.
Look what happened to Tom.
I am leaving right away.
Whatever happened to Tom?
Tell Tom everything is fine.
Thanks for watching Tom today.
Thanks for watching Tom.
Tom is the guy with the beard.
I suspect that he makes up policy as he goes along.
What'll happen to Tom now?
Who cares what happens to Tom?
Who could have done such a thing to Tom?
Who else knew about Tom?
Who gave it to Tom?
Why not ask Tom?
Why not just tell Tom?
Why tell Tom anything?
Women seem to go for Tom.
Tom tried to kiss me.
The man wearing the red tie is the only one here I don't know.
He has a huge feather.
She has a huge feather.
Exactly what does your work involve?
I promise I'll explain everything later.
I thought you'd be more sympathetic.
They were adopted.
I understand what you're going through.
Perhaps you've made a mistake.
Something strange happened to me today.
There's really no need to apologize.
Tom made no attempt to answer the question.
We'll never get past those sentries.
We'll never be able to get past the guards.
Making mistakes in a translation or original sentence doesn't matter much, because sooner or later someone always corrects them.
I already know why you're here.
We've been friends for three years.
We've been looking for you everywhere.
What makes you think Tom won't help?
Could you get me another beer?
Could you just tell us what happened?
Could you turn the heat down, please?
Didn't I tell you everything would work out?
Don't you have someplace else you need to be?
We know perfectly well that he specialized in that language, however we can not allow him to take any sentence written in it, because that is not his native language.
We are well aware of the fact that he is a specialist in that language. Nevertheless, he is not allowed to adopt any sentence written in it, since that isn't his mother tongue.
How many people are still there?
I can't believe you're involved in this.
I can't confirm anything at this time.
I didn't realize you were already here.
I hope you don't suffer from claustrophobia.
I might have something to offer you.
I received some very bad news today.
I think I've made a horrible mistake.
I think we should discuss this situation.
I think we're going to need more umbrellas.
I think you're a very attractive woman.
I'm afraid it doesn't work that way.
I'm having trouble with my left ear again.
I'm really going to miss this place.
I'm starting to lose my patience.
I'm sure you already know what to do.
You should avoid adding sentences in a language other than your own, because unless you write in your mother tongue or dialect, you are prone to make many mistakes.
I've done some stupid things.
I've never been under so much pressure before.
I've never been under this much pressure before.
I've only felt this way once before.
Is there something you haven't told me?
Is this some kind of practical joke?
It's getting kind of crowded in here.
It's obvious Tom doesn't like Mary anymore.
It's perfectly safe here.
Just tell me why you're really here.
Why are you really here?
I wondered what Tom's real reason for being here was.
Let's stay calm and think this through.
Let's stay calm and think this through carefully.
Let's try to be discrete about this.
Tom, Mary and John all shook their heads.
Tom, Mary and John are seated around the table.
Maybe we should talk about this first.
I guess something is better then nothing, right?
How could you do this?
Tom will be here a little before three.
Tom was lying in bed watching TV.
This information hasn't been made public yet.
The antagonist is simultaneously a strawman for everything the author hates and the most likeable character by several orders of magnitude.
Sooner or later the truth will come out.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
There's clearly been a misunderstanding here.
There's something I want to ask you.
There's something important I must tell you.
There's something you don't seem to understand.
Our guests are going to be here any minute.
Tom is the only friend I have here.
Things are getting out of control here.
Things are getting out of control.
This isn't going to solve anything.
We don't know anything for sure yet.
We've been together for thirty years.
We might never see each other again.
We'd better get ready.
We're in the middle of an emergency.
We're in the middle of something here.
We've been going about this all wrong.
Mary and I have been going out for three years.
We've been over this a thousand times.
What are you doing home from school?
What do you think Tom was talking about?
What's the nature of your emergency?
Where did all these people come from?
Why do you keep everything to yourself?
Why don't tell me exactly what happened?
Why don't you come shopping with me?
Are you volunteering to help?
Are you currently taking any kind of medication?
Are you going to mow the lawn today?
Aren't you taking this a little too seriously?
Can I get another cup of coffee?
Can you help us find Tom?
Can you help me find a job?
Can you hold this for a second?
Could I get another cup of coffee?
Tom, could you come in here for a moment?
Could you speak up just a little bit?
Did Tom have any history of heart problems?
Did you happen to see where Tom went?
Did you hear what I said?
Did you really think today was my birthday?
Do you have something you'd like to say?
What would you like for dinner?
Don't talk to your mother that way.
Don't you think you've had enough to drink?
Exactly what kind of work do you do?
Keep your voice down, please.
Go inside and change into your swimsuit.
Go inside and change into your bathing suit.
Tom got scared just like everybody else.
Tom has been waiting a long time.
Have you ever been convicted of a felony?
I figured you'd be dealing with it.
They don't know what they're talking about.
I want you to meet my family.
I assume you'll want to stay here with us.
I can't believe you're capable of harming anyone.
I didn't think we were going to make it.
I don't know what you're so upset about.
I don't know what's gotten in to you.
I don't really see what the problem is.
I don't think we're going to make it.
I don't think you heard what I said.
I feel like I'm coming down with something.
I resent your implication.
I know how frustrating this is for you.
I need to borrow some money from you.
I see no reason to continue this discussion.
I believe this is the best choice.
I still believe this is the best choice.
I still think we need to talk about it.
I suggest you tell us everything you know about Tom.
I think Tom would like to hear about this.
I think I found what you're looking for.
Have you found what you're looking for?
I think I'm going to need your help.
I think it's time to make some changes.
I think it's time we made some changes.
I think you misunderstood what I was said.
I think you're the one who's mistaken.
I thought you said you didn't know Tom.
I thought you said you knew Tom.
I told you to keep that to yourself.
I told you not to tell anyone.
I understand you're going to Boston next week.
I want you to take Tom to Boston with you.
I was afraid I'd never see you again.
I was with Tom the night before he died.
I'd die if anything happened to you.
I'd feel better if you'd wait for me.
I'd like to make sure there's no misunderstanding.
The situation of the villagers is better than ten years ago in many ways.
I was carried away by the music.
Can I get a witness?
Thank you very much for the answer, inspiring new hope.
When will the snow melt?
The lawyer needed to take the interests of both parties into consideration.
My granddaughter has a lot of skill at taking pictures.
My granddaughter is skilled at photography.
Thomas was leaning on the railing of the ship.
They're living in a fantasy world.
They're living in lala-land.
I meant it as a serious comment.
Turkey has blocked access to Twitter.
He doesn't speak frivolously of serious things.
The United States are a rogue state. It is not me who says it. I read in the writings of several respectable authors who were born and live in the United States themselves.
The United States have been dubbed the "world policeman", but some American intellectuals do not hesitate to call their own country "rogue state."
Man is a rational animal.
She'll be late for the meeting.
Should we start the meeting now?
When Tom went to have breakfast, he found that all the bread had gone mouldy.
My TV needs an adjustment.
There are lots of laws about broadcasting and television.
His behavior bothered me.
I like to watch TV to see the movies and soccer games.
The whole town has cable TV.
You'll go without television.
Please open the document I sent; it is at the end of this message.
I like the sound of that Bell!
All I did today was play games.
Tom is likely to be late.
We can be busy with so many things, that we lose our focus.
We are inseparable, somehow immortal.
Joseph Goebbels was the Nazi minister of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda.
Tom has not been charged with any crime.
Do you like Bryan Adams?
She doesn't eat beef.
Berlin is the largest city in Germany.
The Brandenburg Gate is one of the most famous landmarks in Germany.
The Großer Tiergarten or Tiergarten is a large public park located in the middle of Berlin.
Begging is prohibited by law.
The Berliner Philharmonie is a concert hall in Berlin home to the Berlin Philharmonic.
The Vienna Philharmonic is one of the most famous orchestras in the world.
The Bundestag, the German legislative body, meets in the Reichstag building in Berlin.
A quadriga is a chariot drawn by four horses.
I like almond milk.
Will our civilization collapse one day?
In this country, even universities are free of charge.
All I really need to know in life I learned in Tatoeba.
Does Europe have a common language?
It smells like a trap.
"What exactly does this do?" "I'm not sure."
Die Lorelei is a popular German folk song.
The beautiful maiden sat on the top of the rock and combed her golden hair in the sunshine.
Has American English become the common language of Europe?
I was a fool to believe every word you said.
We have only one chance.
We had only one chance.
What's your favorite German folk song?
The tennis player was on thin ice, so to speak.
Tom's daughter drew him a picture.
Tom was happy that his daughter drew him a picture and he thought about it all day.
I love bearded men.
I love men with beards.
I heard you sing.
I've said too much.
I'm getting very little cooperation from Tom.
You should be wearing your safety goggles.
I'm going there whether you're going or not.
I'm going there even if you don't go.
I'm going to take a short break.
I'm kind of in the middle of something.
I'm not sure you're going to understand this.
We're being paid by the hour.
I'm really sorry that I lied to you.
I'm so sorry about what happened the other night.
I'm sorry I couldn't come to Tom's funeral.
I'm sorry I couldn't get to you sooner.
I'm sorry I didn't come by last night.
I'm sorry to have to bother you again.
I'm sorry Tom had to leave so early.
I'm sort of in the middle of something.
I'm still not sure what we're looking for.
I'm still not sure what you're looking for.
I've been in therapy since I was thirteen.
I've forgotten whether you drink wine or not.
I've given this quite a lot of thought.
I've got this thing pretty well figured out.
I've never seen Tom with that woman before.
If there's anything we can do, just call.
If Tom finds out I've been talking to you, he's going to be upset.
If you don't have anything positive to say, don't say anything.
If you don't tell Tom, then I will.
If you don't tell Tom, I will.
If you need me, I'll be in my office.
If you're trying to scare me, you're succeeding.
Try to prove that you are right!
In the project "Springboard to Languages," they teach Esperanto in schools in Great Britain as a propaedeutic to prepare for learning other languages.
Tom, is there anything we need to talk about?
It's going to happen sooner or later.
That'll just have to wait until next week.
It's been three years since the accident.
It's good to see some things never change.
It's not easy being married to Tom.
It's not too late to change the schedule.
Just sit down and listen to me.
Tom attacked Mary with a dagger.
Let me be the first to congratulate you.
Let me give you a little free advice.
Listen carefully to what I have to say.
I'm getting sent to Boston again.
Tom and Mary are in the office waiting.
Tom and Mary started screaming at each other.
Tom and Mary started talking at same time.
May I talk to you about something serious?
Maybe we should stop by and see Tom.
Maybe you'd better take a look at this.
Would you please take me home?
Tom told me about everything you've been through.
Try pushing the other button.
Please just tell me what's going on.
Please don't ask me to choose between you and my family.
Please tell me what I'm doing wrong.
Please tell Tom I was doing nothing wrong.
Please tell Tom Mary wasn't doing anything wrong.
Please tell Tom I wasn't doing anything wrong.
Please put that book back exactly where it was.
I've seen you playing music at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
Get me a fire extinguisher.
See if you can find a fire extinguisher.
Tom said he was going to call the police.
I think you should've bought a better-known brand.
A lot of people don't vote.
Tell Tom I'm looking forward to meeting him.
Tell Tom he can't go to Mary's party.
Thank you for coming on such short notice.
Tom says he's almost ready to leave.
Tom's will is going to be read tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom, there are a lot of girls that would love to go out with you.
Tom is too drunk to be of much help.
We aren't going to let that happen.
We're not going to let that happen.
We don't have a lot of options here.
We need to talk about what happened tonight.
I have different priorities than you do.
Tom, we'd like you to come with us, please.
I'm sorry I gave you a hard time.
We're still meeting tomorrow at 2:in my office, right?
What approach do you think we should take?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What kind of music do you listen to?
What kind of movies do you watch?
What were you doing in Boston last week?
What would happen if I pushed this button?
What you're doing right now is a crime.
What you're doing right now is a felony.
What you're doing right now is impolite.
Whatever you do, don't let go of the rope.
Whatever you do, don't push this button.
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom about what we did.
When did you tell Tom what happened?
Please don't tell Tom what happened.
You shouldn't have told Tom what happened.
I hope you don't tell Tom what happened.
Where did Tom tell you he was going?
When did Tom tell you he was leaving?
What time did Tom tell you he was arriving?
What time did Tom tell you he'd be arriving?
When does it start getting good?
This describes me so perfectly!
Zelda, everyone is under attack by the evil forces of the birds! I'm going to Gamelon to attack. If you don't hear from me in a month, send Link.
I couldn't resist a touch of schadenfreude when he was defeated so heavily in the election.
Gas is available in this neighborhood.
I am baffled.
I think she will succeed.
I provide for the needs of my family.
Tom hasn't been charged with any crime.
I reckon it's about time I went home.
Tom pulled a funny face to try to stop his baby crying.
She's reading.
Tom was determined to get rid of his pot belly.
Tom is on the porch reading the evening paper.
Diet and floor exercises, such as abdominal crunches, can help to get rid of a pot belly.
Tom had to leave.
What time does the parking lot close?
The conversation ranged widely.
A man has been jailed for a racist, misogynist tirade against a French tourist.
Satellite imagery is being used in an effort to narrow down the area in the Indian Ocean where floating debris has been observed.
Tom lost so much weight that one of his friends walked straight past him in the street, without recognising him.
Can we narrow down the ocean area where floating debris is supposed to be?
The plane seemed to just disappear into the ether.
The plane appears to have vanished into thin air.
Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind; and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.
I think at the end of the series it will all just be a dream for the frumpy girl.
I don't want to hear it, begone with you!
I've added a tag indicating the author.
There is much undeserved prejudice against Esperanto.
Am I singing that song well?
Get a hammer and nails.
I have followed your advice, my dear colleague.
Tom listens to his favourite music on his MPplayer when he goes for his morning walk.
Tom likes all types of music, but classical music is his favourite.
I'm going to go shopping after lunch.
I had my thirtieth birthday last week.
He wriggles like an eel.
"You tell jokes like Tom." "What's that supposed to mean?" "They're just not funny."
Every effort is being made to determine what happened to the ill-fated aircraft.
She swims better than Mary.
It all ended as suddenly as it started.
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.
By simply changing the orientation of a house in relation to the sun, you can save up to thirty percent of the energy required or wasted for heating or cooling it.
What's the best way to say this in French?
Tom can solve a Rubik's Cube in less than seconds.
He's a musicologist.
Tom studied music theory.
I'm studying Farsi.
He tried with all his might to stretch the bow and shoot the arrow as far as possible.
Will you be going, too?
The ocean is really big.
I want to explore the world and go on an adventure.
Tom and Mary travelled together around the world for three years.
This joke is politically incorrect.
This book is now considered politically incorrect.
He's the only man I've ever loved.
Tom is the only man that Mary has ever loved.
I would rather die than leave you, Tom!
I worked hard for this money.
Mary told me that you two went shopping.
Today, his body is all bruised up. He shouldn't have gotten involved in that fight.
We must get out of here.
Tom can't refuse his grandchildren anything.
I can't refuse him anything.
I can't refuse her anything.
The current is very strong.
It's not like we're going to get married or anything.
I'm rooting for you.
I've heard that before.
It's a marathon, not a sprint.
Take your time. It's a marathon, not a sprint.
Mary leaned her head on his shoulder.
You're just in time for dinner.
Tom forged his mother's signature.
The future is one big question mark.
She was desperate for attention.
This is not a coincidence.
It was not a coincidence.
How long has this been going on?
Roughly half of America's fruits and vegetables come from California.
Words are not created by academies. They are born together with thoughts.
"Have you known Tom for a long time?" "No, I've only just met him."
I recalled my superstitious feeling that if she fell in love with me, I would have mala sombra there.
Tom is finding his new job very demanding, and he often finds it difficult to find time for his family.
The sun is high.
You will learn more about me than you'd like to know.
I will not speak French with you again.
This translation is outright wrong.
You're hiding something, aren't you?
Markku is too clever by half.
Markku soon got the hang of driving the tractor.
They've broken the window with their football; I'll let them have it.
We tried with might and main to break open the door.
Liisa has a way with old people.
It's fun to get up early.
An operation that goes smoothly is a reason to celebrate.
I ask forgiveness.
I am sorry.
You are welcome!
I am looking for John.
He took something out from his pocket.
I will gift you a cycle on your birthday.
Better to have something than nothing.
I have lost my keys.
Except for Sundays, he works every day.
I live in Lahore.
I woke up at AM that day.
Our whole plan got spoiled.
Our plan flopped.
Her house is just opposite the bus stop.
When I was little, I was blonde.
You were nice.
I bought a sandwich.
I drank a glass of milk.
I didn't feel well.
I went to the supermarket with my mom.
I took the subway yesterday.
I won a medal in 2003.
I kept the sweater.
I ate a pizza yesterday.
I spoke in class.
I became a champion.
If I were a boy, I think I could understand.
I bought a new dress.
He drank a glass of water.
Mark took the book.
Tom came in first place.
She kept getting better.
Tom began to drive.
He spoke to the teacher.
Edward read the text.
Mary's dress is older than mine.
Martin is as tall as Francesca.
Tom isn't as intelligent as Mary.
Harry is the tallest boy in his football team.
This is one of the most beautiful sunsets I've ever seen.
I'm the fastest runner in the world.
This red sweater is cheaper than the blue one.
Luca is more intelligent than you.
This is the worst in the world.
You're the worst student in this class.
You are bigger than me.
It's not as hot in June as it is in July.
Many people think that sharks are the most dangerous fish in the ocean.
Oxford is one of the oldest universities in the world.
The new library is nicer than the old library.
British films are better than American films.
Britain is colder than Italy.
My sister is the tallest person in our family.
The River Severn is only km, but it is the longest river in England.
Mario is the taller of the two.
I didn't know you'd already bought me a drink. Now I've got two.
If you're going to come around later, give me a ring first, so I can make sure I'm home.
The theory of reincarnation is not an invention of spiritualism, on the contrary, you can find this idea in the theory of transmigration of Pythagoras.
The boy that you met at the park is adopted.
I think the person I saw in the alley is a private investigator.
The lady that used to work here had to retire.
The tree that is in the garden is an ancient oak.
There's a small shop on the corner that is open hours a day.
Tom is a diehard Yankees fan, and rarely misses a home game.
Without the idea of ​​God there is no clever answer to the question about the reason for the existence of the universe.
He lost sight of that bird.
I am busy this week because I practice driving.
I swept the floor in the kitchen.
I swept the kitchen floor.
Baby animals are cute.
Not all baby animals are cute.
That was totally epic!
What an awful tragedy!
I don't want to talk about him.
I don't want to talk about her.
It was nothing serious.
Tom has tattoos on his arms.
"I'm tired of watching TV. Let's do something else." "Like what?"
Tom is not a dumb guy.
You must break the vicious circle.
Do you think I'm making a mistake?
I just wanted to warm you.
I was totally in love with him.
I was totally in love with her.
She already has a new boyfriend.
He already has a new girlfriend.
Her dream of a lifetime finally came true.
Tom already has a new girlfriend.
Do you like this band?
Mary is the world’s leading expert on squirrels.
Rejection hurts.
Mary felt rejected when her boyfriend broke up with her.
I love spring.
What was the happiest moment of your life?
It seemed like the right thing to do.
At the time, it seemed like the right thing to do.
Wait until I tell Tom about this.
Do you read his blog?
Do you read Tom's blog?
Who's older, Tom or Mary?
Who's older, your mother or your father?
Who do you think is younger, Tom or Mary?
I think Tom is much younger than Mary.
A bumblebee flew out the window.
This may be our only chance.
I was hoping that you might know.
She squeezed his hand.
He squeezed her hand.
The experiment must succeed. The next chance will only arise in fifty years.
I think that he looks better with a beard.
Do you do this every day?
We may never know what happened to Tom.
We may never know what happened to flight MH370.
Every recycled aluminium can saves enough energy to power a TV for three hours.
The "pitch drop experiment" is a well-known long-term experiment that was started in and still continues to this day.
Even though I disagree with what you say, I fully acknowledge your right to say it.
You can be charged with criminal assault without actually touching the victim.
She saved my life with mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
The translation will be ready by the end of the month.
In ten years, all households will have Internet connection.
I will be home by five.
Our guests will arrive in a few minutes.
In some ways, Boston is nicer than Chicago.
Delhi's much hotter than London.
London's more expensive than Delhi.
London's less crowded than Delhi.
People are a bit friendlier in Boston.
Arthur isn't as happy as Mike.
Marrakesh is hotter than Paris.
My father's car is smaller than that of my mother.
The kitchen of our neighbor is smaller than ours.
I'm bigger than Sarah.
Gabriel Garko is as beautiful as Raul Bova.
If you add one thousand to ten thousand, you get eleven thousand.
Chocolate makes Monday a little bit bearable.
She is taller than Mary.
An elephant isn't as big as a whale.
Fruit is healthier than chocolate.
Your hair is longer than mine.
A telephone is more useful than a necklace.
Russia is bigger than Italy.
This is Julia's pen.
I often go to Elena's house.
She usually helps her sister to do her homework.
We go to Mario's house every Saturday.
Do you sometimes wear Tom's clothes?
He saw her video.
Mary's cat is missing.
Andrea's boyfriend called my mother yesterday.
Yesterday I went to Tom's house.
My car is at David's garage.
I like my teacher's dress.
Some soft drinks have very high sugar content and can cause obesity and tooth decay if consumed to excess.
Mary's book is very interesting.
Madlene's voice is very good.
Francesco's pen is much better than mine.
Luca's motorbike is faster than mine.
The teacher's pronunciation is almost perfect.
My brother's football team won a tournament yesterday.
Tom's yacht is one of the largest yachts I've ever seen.
My grandfather gave me a car for my twentieth birthday.
The dictionary Tom usually uses is very large.
My cousin's school is much easier than mine.
I am perfectly capable of looking after myself.
Tom felt a little nauseated.
Tom forgot to lock the bathroom door.
Tom lived in this building.
Tom lived right next door to me when I was a kid.
Tom lives a block away from us.
Tom lives in a mansion.
Tom lives in this building.
Tom lives on the same street as me.
Tom looked a bit confused.
Tom looked a bit dazed.
Tom looked a bit embarrassed.
Tom looked a bit nervous.
Tom looked a bit queasy.
Tom looked a bit shaken.
Tom looked a bit sheepish.
Tom looked a bit sick.
Tom looked a bit startled.
Tom looked a little alarmed.
Tom looked a little annoyed.
Tom looked a little awkward.
Tom looked a little bewildered.
Tom looked a little confused.
Tom looked a little dazed.
Tom looked a little disappointed.
Tom looked a little distracted.
Tom looked a little embarrassed.
Tom looked a little flustered.
Tom looked a little frightened.
Tom looked a little hurt.
Tom looked a little lost.
Tom looked a little pale.
Tom looked a little scared.
Tom looked a little shocked.
Tom looked a little skeptical.
Tom looked a little tired.
Tom looked a little uncomfortable.
Tom looked a little unconvinced.
Tom looked a little unsure.
Tom looked a little worried.
Tom looked a lot like you.
Tom looked guilty.
Tom looked just like his father.
Tom looks a bit confused.
Tom looks a bit dazed.
Tom looks a bit embarrassed.
Tom looks a bit nervous.
Tom looks a bit queasy.
Tom looks a bit shaken.
Tom looks a bit sick.
Tom looks a little annoyed.
Tom looks a little awkward.
Tom looks a little confused.
Tom looks a little disappointed.
Tom looks a little distracted.
Tom looks a little hurt.
Tom looks a little lost.
Tom looks a little pale.
Tom looks a little skeptical.
Tom looks a little tired.
Tom looks a little uncomfortable.
Tom looks a little unconvinced.
Tom looks a little unsure.
Tom looks a little worried.
Tom looks a lot like you.
Tom looks almost exactly like his brother.
Tom looks exactly like his brother.
Tom looks just like his father.
Tom's room is across the hall from mine.
It seems like you're trying to provoke a fight.
Please put a stop to this nonsense.
Tom is in charge of the hostage negotiation.
Tom is one of the best poker players I know.
Why didn't you tell me Tom was ready?
Why don't you just tell Tom what happened?
Why don't you sit with Tom?
Will you help me in the kitchen, please?
Are you sure you know where Tom's house is?
Are you absolutely sure that it was Tom you saw?
Are you sure you didn't hear anything?
Are you sure you're not taking on too much?
How much worse can it get?
Today I'll go to the cinema with Tom's brother.
This is Luca's car.
London's squares are wonderful.
These are my son's cookies.
It's Gina's bag.
My wife's friend's name is Linda.
It's a six minutes' walk to the bus stop.
Mary's friends are very funny!
Milan's mayor is Letizia Moratti.
Anna's pen is black.
Is this Bob's book?
Mary's eyes are black.
Tom is coming back from Australia next week.
The dog's collar is red.
Mary's car is a Fiat.
Elizabeth is the Queen of England.
Big Ben's clock is an English icon.
Billy's computer is new.
Italy's beaches are crowded in the summer.
John's wife is an English teacher.
The singer's voice is sweet.
Tom looked around at everyone.
Tom looked at his cards.
Tom looked at his compass.
Tom looked at his hands.
Tom looked at his notepad.
Tom looked at his notes.
Tom looked at it closely.
Tom looked at it curiously.
Tom looked at it suspiciously.
Tom looked at Mary again.
Luke's cat is missing.
John's sculpture is horrible!
Marco's house is very big.
Teresa's sister is more beautiful than me!
Mary's bedroom is cleaner than mine.
My sister's car is pink.
My cousin's house is small.
My brother's guitar is new.
My home is about three miles from here.
My grandmother's shoes are old.
The pig's s tail is curly.
The cat's kittens are cute.
My father's job is interesting.
Where is the nearest pub?
One of my friend's dogs is fat.
The mouse's tail is long.
Her aunt's glasses are fashionable.
At the end of the day, it doesn't matter.
Can I see you a moment in my office?
Can I see you for just a minute, please?
Can I talk to you for a second, please?
Can I talk to you outside for a minute?
Can you come up with that kind of money?
Do you think you can come up with that kind of money?
Can you make me three hundred copies of this?
Can you tell us what happened?
Can't you see I'm in the middle of something?
Could I possibly talk to you for a moment?
Could I trouble you for a cup of coffee?
Could you come in here for a moment, please?
Could you let me know when Tom gets here?
Could you please call and give Tom my apologies?
Tom obviously doesn't want us bothering him right now.
Tom told Mary something he'd never told anyone.
Would you help Tom find his keys?
Did you see or hear anything unusual last night?
Do you have any toys Tom can play with?
Do you have anything you'd like to ask Tom?
Tom puts ketchup on just about everything.
Do you need me to buy you anything at the supermarket?
Do you remember the first time you saw this movie?
Don't ever let me hear you say that again.
Shona has wavy hair.
Marian and Harry have long hair.
Luke has short hair.
Amanda and Jason have dark hair.
Jason has brown eyes.
Have you ever tried Japanese food?
Has he loved his wife so much?
Has Tom already looked for his ball in the closet?
She hasn't translated the sentences in French.
We haven't visited her new house.
I haven't walked that far in years.
Has he talked to you?
She has walked to the store.
Don't put that there. Somebody might trip over it.
Don't you think you should be getting ready?
Don't you think you're overreacting just a little bit?
Don't you understand what I'm trying to tell you?
Don't you want to have kids of your own?
Tom is looking at the documents right now.
Tom looked for his name on the list.
At this point the depth is small.
They looked for a place to take shelter from the rain.
Are you sure you want to go through with this?
Aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?
Tom asked Mary to throw the ball to him.
Tom asked if there was still a police car parked outside.
Tom asked me if I wanted a drink.
Tom asked me if I wanted to have a drink.
Tom asked me to come here to deliver this message.
Tom asked me to help him find his contact lens.
Tom asked me to make sure you understood what you needed to do.
Tom has asked for time off next week.
Over there is a place where several colonies of birds nest.
We found the right place.
It is hard to get access to that place.
The doctor's presence has been requested elsewhere.
This year we are going to spend our holidays elsewhere.
Have my piece of cake if you like.
Have you been listening to what Tom is saying?
Haven't you been listening to anything I've been saying?
I've done everything possible to discourage people from doing that.
Tom is in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
Tom told me he was going to ask you to be his best man.
Tom told me he was going to go home early today.
Tom told me he was going to kill you.
Many birds return to this site periodically.
We need to find our place in the world.
We want to spend the holidays in a quiet place.
Mary looked in her purse.
Tom looked at Mary's sketches.
Tom looked at the menu.
Tom looked at the message.
Tom looked at the odometer.
Tom looked at the photograph.
Tom looked at the picture.
Tom looked at the readout.
Tom looked at the speedometer.
Tom looked at the thermometer.
Tom looked at them both.
Tom looked in his briefcase.
Tom looked in the fridge to see what he could find to drink.
Tom looked in the trunk.
Tom looked into Mary's eyes.
Tom looks even more nervous than Mary does.
Tom looks exactly the same as he always does.
Tom looks fine to me.
Tom looked into the tank.
Do you know what they call a French horn in French?
How did you know I failed my French test?
How long have you been in love with Tom?
How long have you had this wart on your hand?
How long will you need to get ready?
How long would it take you to paint my garage?
How many pairs of socks do you have?
How much are you being paid to do this?
Tom sat at the end of the bar, nursing a beer.
Tom looked into the cellar.
Tom looked into the fridge.
Tom looked into the room.
I asked you not to involve me in this.
I believe you're trying to take advantage of me.
I can't believe you would do something like that without telling me.
I can't do what you're asking me to do.
I couldn't help you even if I wanted to.
I don't know how to use this.
I need to stay here with Tom.
I think you're trying to take advantage of me.
Did you know about this already?
I don't know what to do about this situation.
I don't think I have ever been this hungry before.
I don't think I've ever heard you play guitar before.
I don't think you can count on Tom.
I don't want anything bad to happen to you.
I found something that I think you might want to read.
I got a message that Tom needed to see me.
I got the impression you didn't believe Tom either.
I had a drink with Tom the other day.
I have a big surprise for you.
I have always considered you a good friend.
I have no intention of sharing my ice cream with you.
I haven't seen Tom since high school.
I haven't seen you in such a long time.
I keep telling you I don't want to study French.
I keep telling you I don't want your help.
I know that this has been difficult for you.
I know this isn't what you had in mind.
Excuse me, where's the toilet?
Excuse me, where's the Gents?
Excuse me, where's the Ladies?
I know how dangerous it'll be.
I know what you did wasn't intentional.
I know you're disappointed in me.
I need more time than that.
I need to get to the hospital.
I need to know what you saw that night.
I need to talk with you about what happened.
I need you to cooperate with me on this.
I need you to stay and take care of Tom.
I really can't deal with that right now, OK?
I really can't deal with that right now.
I really don't have time for this right now.
I saw what you were doing.
He has already learnt more languages than I will have learnt, if I should reach the age of ninety. And there is still a long way to go! I still don't know what will be more difficult: learning or surviving.
My tummy is not happy today.
All we can do now is wait and see what Tom does.
All we can do now is wait.
All you do is complain.
And now you have to leave.
Ask your mom if you can come out and play with us.
Do you think you could take this inside for me?
Get out of my life.
How could Tom have known about that?
How could you know this was going to happen?
I wonder what Tom was doing in here.
I'll get the wine.
Just think what we could do with that much money.
Now you try.
Right now they're all sleeping.
Surely there was something we could've done.
This could be a mistake.
This could be just what I've been looking for.
This is now our home.
This might be a mistake.
Tom spiked the punch.
We did all we could do.
Where could Tom have gotten that from?
Why did you think you could do this without any help?
What do adjectives modify?
What do adverbs modify?
What can subjects be?
Articles are always what?
Objects of the preposition are always a what?
What are the forms of "to be"?
He is waiting for you to say something.
I'm going to raise my English level.
Tom will be looking after the children while I'm at work.
This is all I'm taking with me.
Macy went to high school to get an education.
Walking in the moonlight is a romantic way to end a date.
The government is trying to bring down inflation.
Something about him just brings out the worst in me.
Can you imagine what life was like before electricity came along?
We had to change our lifestyle once our first child came along.
I think she's the best crime writer to come along since P.D. James.
Tom came across as being an extremely intelligent man.
I thought Tom did a good job.
Why don't you visit me next time you're in Boston?
Do you want to come over after work?
They got away in a stolen car.
We walked to the next beach to get away from the crowds.
We went through almost a whole jar of coffee last week.
It took me ages to get through that book she lent me.
The country is going through a period of economic instability.
She started to go through the bundle of letters.
The terrorists must be hunted down and brought to justice.
Don't you think you are too harsh?
It was so touching, I almost cried.
Can you find the mistake?
That sounds weird but it's true.
Do you know how to eat with chopsticks?
The bus was completely full.
The bus was totally full.
You are in desperate need of a vacation.
You desperately need a vacation.
She soon forgot about the poor frog.
Please, keep a stiff upper lip.
I'm trying to find my balance back.
Paris wouldn't be Paris without the Eiffel Tower.
I have a Russian passport, but I'm French.
Only at the end does one understand the title.
Benny goes to the discotheque.
Do you already have a plan?
Alesszia doesn't speak English.
We are happy because there are many cars here.
The jewel had been stolen during the night.
We have surprised the enemy.
In an hour there are sixty minutes and in a minute there are sixty seconds.
It's the story of a cat.
Have you ever listened to the Brandenburg Concertos, by Johann Sebastian Bach?
I wish I'd been born a Canadian.
I wish I'd been born Canadian.
I wish I'd been born a boy.
I wish I'd never been born.
Someone's in the kitchen with Tom.
I saw you in the park with Tom.
I strongly advise you get out of here right away.
I suggest you get back to work.
I suggest we get started.
I think I may have made a big mistake.
The police think they caught the guy who did it.
I think you'd better tell us the truth.
I think you should be a little more supportive.
I think you might want to change your plans.
I think you should ask Tom to leave.
I think you're looking for something that isn't there.
I thought I asked you to take out the garbage.
I thought it was just going to be us tonight.
I thought you were going to fix that.
I told you to stay away from my sister.
I told you you didn't have to come over.
I told you you didn't have to do that.
I told you you didn't have to come in to work today.
I understand Tom had some sort of accident.
I want a word with you in my office.
When Tom went to the mailbox he found five letters, four of which were bills.
I need to know the exact date and time.
I strongly urge that you read the contract carefully.
I want you to give Tom his job back.
Tom repainted his mailbox because it was looking shabby.
I wanted you to be the first to know.
I'm going to get you something really great for your birthday.
I'd like you to do something for me.
I'd rather discuss this at a later time.
I'd rather discuss this later.
I'd like to buy you a beer.
Please stop laughing.
I'll have to ask you to leave.
I'm afraid it's too late to do anything about that.
I'm going to find out what's happening.
I'll find out what's happening.
I told him his services were no longer required.
I'm in a hurry, so I'll make this quick.
I'm just as mystified as you are.
I'm just as worried as you are.
I'm just as busy as you are.
I'm just as tired as you are.
I'm just as hungry as you are.
I'm kind of in the middle of something here.
Tom looks kind of embarrassed.
The betrayal of a friend is a real tragedy.
Tom looks scared and worried.
Tom looks sad and disappointed.
Tom looks relaxed and rested.
Tom looks pretty shaken up.
Tom looks nothing like me.
Tom looks like himself again.
Tom looks like he's ready to cry.
Tom looks less than pleased.
Tom looked scared and worried.
Tom looked sad and lonely.
Tom looked sad and disappointed.
Tom looked right at Mary.
Tom looked relaxed and rested.
Tom looked over the file.
Tom looked over the fence.
Tom looked out the door.
Tom looked left and right.
Tom doesn't look like me.
Mary looks really cute today.
It looks like Tom is asleep.
What do you think Tom is going to do now that he's retired?
What're we going to do with it?
We know Tom better than he knows himself.
Tom's injuries were worse than we thought.
This hurts more than you can imagine.
More people came than we expected.
It was more expensive than I expected it to be.
It took a lot longer than I expected.
It cost a lot more than I expected.
Don't bite off more than you can handle.
Where can I charge my electric car?
I spoke with her for an hour.
Tom tried to keep the canoe from tipping over.
I'm not going to talk to you about this right now.
Tom looked straight at Mary.
I'm not nearly as smart as people think I am.
I'm not as smart as people think I am.
I'm not as old as most people think I am.
I'm not as young as Tom thinks I am.
I'm not the one who has to do that.
Tom grabbed my arm.
Tom trusted you.
Tom looked the other way.
Tom looked through the binoculars.
Tom looked through his binoculars.
Tom looked through the keyhole.
Tom looked through the telescope.
Tom looked through the supplies.
Tom looked through the periscope.
Tom looked through the microscope.
Tom looked through the menu.
Tom looked through his stuff.
How did Tom do this?
I know what Tom did.
Tom was barely able to keep the canoe from tipping over.
Tom was barely able to keep the canoe from overturning.
Tom sure doesn't seem very worried about what might happen.
Tom handed Mary a mug of coffee.
Tom is quite fussy.
I'm teaching the ants the multiplication table.
Did you ever think you'd see Tom doing something like that?
There are those who translate and those who comment. Let's see the results!
He has a very dense beard.
Why was she laughing?
Why was he laughing?
Why were you laughing?
Why was Tom laughing?
Venus rotates in the opposite direction from most other planets in our Solar System.
You're going to be bored if you go.
He is Australian.
Do you like me?
Do you like dogs?
Does Tom like you?
Why do you like it?
How do you like it?
Do you like salmon?
Do you like hiking?
Do like I said, OK?
Tom likes to party.
Would you like this?
Would you like some?
Why's Tom like that?
This isn't like you.
Do you like my hair?
Would you like a job?
Would you like a dog?
Do you not like them?
Do you like to party?
Do you like my shoes?
Do you like football?
Would you like it now?
Would you like coffee?
Would you like a tour?
Would you like a bite?
I felt like screaming.
I'm glad Tom liked it.
Would you please leave?
Would you like to talk?
Would you like company?
Tom looks just like me.
Would you like to share?
Would you like some tea?
Would you like anything?
It's not like you think.
Tom looks just like you.
That's how Tom likes it.
Tom likes country music.
Tom likes to play rough.
Tom looks like a monkey.
Would you like a cupcake?
How do you like your tea?
How do you like my house?
Do you like what you see?
Do you like this perfume?
Tom doesn't like to lose.
Would you like to do that?
Would you like some cider?
Would you care to comment?
Maybe you'll like it here.
It's hard not to like Tom.
I did just like you asked.
How could Tom not like me?
I knew Tom didn't like me.
Tom said that he liked me.
Would you like us to leave?
Would you like some dinner?
What would you like to see?
Do you like these earrings?
Do it the way I'm doing it.
That's the way Tom likes it.
It sounds like you're tired.
It looks like you were wrong.
It looks like you were right.
How did you like the concert?
Do you think Tom will like it?
I think Tom really likes Mary.
It sounds like you have a plan.
It looks like we're out of gas.
Do you like your coffee strong?
I'm pretty sure Tom likes Mary.
It looks like everyone has left.
Do you think Tom will like that?
That's just the way Tom likes it.
Tom is well liked by his students.
Do you think Tom will like my gift?
I don't like it when Tom does that.
Did you like the flowers I sent you?
Tom seemed like a nice guy at first.
Would you like to know how I did that?
It was just like you said it would be.
It was just like Tom said it would be.
I don't like the way Tom looks at you.
You have to do it, just like we all do.
Would you like to see what I just made?
Would you like to meet somewhere later?
Where would you like us to put the couch?
It looks like Tom will be staying for a while.
We have to attend that meeting whether we like it or not.
Did you like your teachers when you were in junior high school?
It doesn't make sense to criticize someone for doing something that we would do if we were in their place.
It doesn't make sense to criticize someone for doing something that we would do if we were in their position.
It doesn't make sense to criticize someone for doing something that we would do if we were in their situation.
Currently I am putting effort into expanding my vocabulary.
It takes more time to prepare the car for getting painted than it takes for the actual paint job itself.
No thank you, I'm full.
Perhaps I have hurt your feelings, but that was not my intention.
Are you happy with your new job?
Magnets attract iron.
Women are my weakness.
Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun.
Mercury is the planet closest to the Sun.
Mercury is the smallest of the eight planets in the Solar System.
Venus is the second planet from the Sun.
Venus is also known as the Morning Star.
Earth is the densest planet of the Solar System.
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun.
Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun.
Saturn is the second largest planet in the Solar System.
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun.
Uranus is similar to Neptune.
Neptune is the eighth planet from the Sun.
Neptune is the farthest planet from the Sun.
Mars's gravity is 38% of Earth's gravity.
They left Tom hopeful.
Leon works for the German Aerospace Center.
Europe can't do without Russian gas.
I didn't like Tom at all.
This just isn't like you.
How long's Tom been sick?
How can you not like horses?
How do you like this outfit?
What would you like to hear?
What would you like to know?
Would you like that instead?
What would you like us to do?
Would you like some lemonade?
How long's Tom been like this?
How would you like to proceed?
What is it you like about Tom?
Why do you think they like it?
Why do you think Tom likes it?
Would you like a tranquilizer?
Would you like an explanation?
Would you like some breakfast?
Would you like to get slapped?
It looks like we have a winner.
Maybe they just don't like you.
What didn't you like about Tom?
Would you like some of my food?
Would you like to come with me?
Would you like to get some air?
Would you like to take a break?
It looks like Tom is having fun.
Maybe Tom just doesn't like you.
What's Tom like when he's angry?
When would you like us to start?
Would you all like some peanuts?
Would you like something easier?
Would you like something larger?
Would you like to see my tattoo?
Would you like to see something?
Would you like to see the plans?
Are you saying you don't like it?
If you don't like your job, quit.
Would you like something smaller?
Would you like to see that again?
Do you like being Tom's assistant?
It looks like Tom has been crying.
It looks like you went for a swim.
What would you like to do tonight?
Which would you like to see first?
Would you like to get some dinner?
Would you like to go out sometime?
Are you saying you don't like this?
It looks like you just saw a ghost.
It looks like you've made a friend.
Perhaps you would like to go first.
There are people who don't like me.
Tom wanted to be just like his dad.
What don't you like about your job?
Would you like to come to my place?
How can you say something like that?
Would you like to go somewhere else?
Why do you think Tom doesn't like it?
How'd you like to go to Boston with us?
It looks like we're going to have to walk.
Where would you like us to put these boxes?
Everything happened just like you said it would.
You don't have to like Tom. You just have work with him.
This story doesn't have a happy ending.
The walls between the countries with the most and those with the least cannot stand.
We have a lot in common.
He is always right.
I wanted to win the prize, but failed.
We await the visit of our uncle with a happy heart.
I'm so so sorry that I'd like to crawl into a hole and die.
I like to take pictures.
Come have a glass of wine with me.
I'd like to see you.
I'd like to see him.
I'd like to see it.
He wrote the book at the age of twenty.
He always has luck with the ladies.
Try your luck!
The question can only be interpreted a single way.
Who am I? Where do I come from? Is there life after death? What is the meaning of life?
The book was published after the author's death.
He took care of his mother after his father's death.
Fewer people came than we were expecting.
We only have one opportunity.
We only had one opportunity.
Sing us a song in French.
Jill says she is happy as a wife, but at times one wouldn't suppose as much.
Jill says she is happy as a wife, but at times you wouldn't think so.
Do we know each other?
It isn't necessary for you to be multilingual.
How would you like it if Tom did that to you?
If you don't like it, just say so.
If you don't like the situation the way it is, do something about it.
If you don't like this, I'll get you something else.
It looks like you thought of everything.
It sounds like you're doing OK.
Maybe Tom didn't like what he saw.
There are people who don't like Tom.
They just don't make them like that anymore.
Usually Tom gets whatever he wants.
What makes you think I'll like it?
What would you like me to do about it?
What would you like me to do with this?
What would you like to do in the meantime?
What would you like us to do about it?
What would you like us to do with this?
Why would Tom say something like that?
Why would you say something like that?
Would you like to come in for a drink?
Would you like to go out for coffee?
Would you like to go somewhere and talk?
Would you like to know who did that?
Why don't you just do as you're told?
She continues to support the project.
I'm not sure that's going to happen anytime soon.
I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do.
I'm tired of always having to do all the work.
I've always considered you a friend.
If we could just have another hour, we could finish this for you.
If we don't do something, Tom is going to die.
Tom died in my arms.
If we're going to leave, we should leave now.
Why did Tom leave so suddenly?
Tom asked me to leave the room.
If you have something to say, please say it.
If you have something to tell me, say it.
If you want to quit, just say so.
If you want to take a break, just say so.
Tom made me promise not to say anything to you.
Nobody can do it as well as Tom can.
I think you should come stay at my place.
You can't stay here tonight.
Tom stayed at a cheap hotel.
Where are the women?
She still hasn't arrived.
I'm pretty sure Tom has done this before.
Tom has done this before, hasn't he?
Matter can be solid, gaseous or liquid.
Esperanto is the girl of my dreams.
Saturn has rings.
Jupiter and Saturn are gas giants.
The child filled the bucket with sand.
Tom filled his bucket with sand.
Tom filled his bucket with sand and turned it over.
Tom and Mary played in the sandbox together and made sand castles.
The children played with magnets.
Human beings were created in God's image.
We were created in God's image.
Mary filled her bucket with sand using a plastic shovel.
Teachers often buy school supplies with their own money.
Don't forget to go see him tomorrow.
To a good listener, half a word is enough.
Pluto is not alone. It has a friend named Charon.
You catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
Stars are beautiful.
You were everything to me!
Mary is in a book club.
Will the groundhog see his shadow?
Our relationship is strictly professional.
Tom didn't want to risk his friendship with Mary by trying to turn it into a romance.
Charon is considered to be a satellite of the (dwarf) planet Pluto. However, because its diameter is more than half as large as that of Pluto itself, it can be considered an equal partner; and Pluto and Charon can be considered a double planet.
Tom tried to win Mary's heart.
I understand all too well.
Hold still. This won't hurt.
Tom, you're hurting me!
She has a passion for her work.
Tom, wait! Don't move!
I had never done anything like that before.
Tom had never done anything like that before.
We drove down a narrow, winding country lane before coming into a clearing with sweeping views of the lake.
I had never been kissed like that before.
She had never been kissed like that before.
I remember playing with magnets in kindergarten.
Jim looked left and right before he crossed the road.
I must have been dreaming.
The pilot landed the plane safely.
I answered yes.
I answered no.
Blessed are the ignorant.
I wonder why Tom is staring at me.
We exchanged phone numbers.
Tom is eager to speak to you.
We all know you don't drink.
We all know you don't eat meat.
Everyone here knows you don't eat pork.
Tom stepped into the apartment and closed the door.
Tom went into his apartment and closed the door.
Is it possible that we could've been followed?
Isn't there anything we can do to help Tom?
Tom never apologized.
It isn't like you to not listen to other people's opinions.
It wasn't easy for me to admit that I was wrong.
Tom looked to his left.
Tom looked into the coffin.
Tom lifted the lid and looked inside.
I can tell you how to avoid the mistakes I made.
I can help you avoid the mistakes I made.
Tom told me that he needed space.
He has a way with women.
Tom has a way with women.
Tom never has apologized for what he did to us.
Tom has never apologized for what he did to us.
He taught me everything I know.
She taught me everything I know.
Today is the first day of spring.
When is the first day of spring?
Yesterday was the first day of autumn.
Today is the first day of fall.
Fedora is a Linux distribution.
What's the special today?
This has never been attempted before.
This has never been tried before.
What's today's special?
We've never done this before.
This is the first time we've ever tried doing it this way.
This is the first time we've tried this approach.
We've never done it this way before.
This is the way Tom told us to do it.
I still prefer doing this the old way.
I need time to think about all of this.
I need time to think about it.
You have very little time left.
You don't have much time left.
You don't have much more time.
We have very little time left.
We don't have much time left.
We don't have much more time.
Tom doesn't have much more time.
We'll discuss that when the time comes.
We'll deal with that when the time comes.
I should be home in time for dinner.
We'll all be home in time for dinner.
You're wasting your time and ours.
We'll have plenty of time to talk later.
You definitely need some time off.
My printer is very low on all four ink cartridges, and the quality of the printing is poor.
My printer is low on ink.
Are you having a good time tonight?
Do we have time for another cup of coffee?
Do you have time for lunch?
I barely had time for lunch.
We had a good time together.
We had a wonderful time together.
We have no time to lose.
We need time to prepare the list.
We spent some time together last summer.
We'll have plenty of time later.
We're wasting time here.
We're wasting valuable time here.
You may have all the time you need.
You need to spend time with Tom.
You never have time for me.
You'll have more time next week.
There's an easier way to do it.
There's an even easier way to do it.
Der Spiegel is a German weekly magazine and it also means "The Mirror".
People told Maria that she was cute, but the mirror said: "You are much more than cute, you are beautiful!"
Don't forget to open your parachute!
We need to get there as soon as we can.
Tom walked slowly down the road using his cane.
The excited children couldn’t go to sleep all night long.
I was busy the whole day.
Do you remember the day when we met each other for the first time?
Tom rang his boss to tell him he wouldn't be coming in today.
Princess Alice of Greece was deaf and could lip-read in three languages.
Let me show you where the guest room is.
Tom works in a supermarket.
Let's not waste any more of each other's time.
I'm pretty sure Tom is right.
Look around you and tell me what you see.
Tom made a serious mistake.
Tom overpowered the guard and took his gun.
Tom turned off his bedside lamp.
Tom put the gun to his own head and pulled the trigger.
This is a very special day.
Today is a very special day.
What's so special about this?
I'm beginning to see why you like this game so much.
Tom lives across the street from us.
Tom lives across the street.
I teach him English.
Some elements are not translatable.
What does the receiver need to know?
You have to choose from different possibilities.
There are different expectations by the public.
She tries to make a good text for the audience.
He tries to make a good text for the audience.
There's nothing cultural in Baudo's interview.
There's an attempt to involve the audience with translations.
Coordination is extremely valuable.
It's a bit weak example.
The interpreter reformulates what has been said.
He doesn't say certain things.
She doesn't say certain things.
They're coordinating in this way.
She is able to translate immediately after he says something.
She gives elements to understand what is being said.
There's no reply to that question immediately.
There are implicit elements.
The audience laughed before they even heard the translation in French.
There's the use of unexpected answers.
He is understood even without the interpreter.
There were some expected answers.
The interpreter gives emphasis to the last answer.
There's an example of explanation during the translation.
It's a question for the public.
There's a question for the public.
This interview has a different purpose.
Translation here is not fundamental.
This is very frequent in talkshows.
The conductor corrects what the interpreter says.
What is said has to be clear.
The suggestion seems logical.
It is not impossible.
It isn't impossible.
Watch out for trees from now on.
Demand sustainable seafood in restaurants.
I'm cooking.
You're cooking.
She's cooking.
We're cooking.
They're cooking.
They're reading a book.
I have small change with me.
Tom was late at the station.
Like priest, like people.
Esperanto pronunciation is easy.
Can you be more specific?
Tom's grandmother is quite feeble and needs help with her daily activities.
Tom has a good grasp of grammar, but is weak in spelling.
I have been to Japan.
Tom has studied both French and English.
Tom's French has improved since he moved to France.
I have known him since September.
Grace has met William at school.
Tom and Mary have recently bought a house on Park Street.
I am intelligent.
I am from London.
You are American.
He is handsome.
We are from Canada.
They are from Italy.
You are happy.
That's a problem we have to deal with all the time.
Volunteers distributed tea in disposable cups.
He has less money than his brother has.
It's always a pleasure to participate in an Esperanto Congress.
Please help me in the kitchen.
The three big monotheistic religions are Islam, Judaism and Christianity.
How much snow have you had?
I swept the yard.
Maria adopted an orphan child.
You never cry. You never smile. Nothing touches you.
His horse had a heart attack.
Her horse had a heart attack.
There is an elegant solution.
I like your music and that's it.
Tom was probably pondering something.
I've already been working here for several hours.
A billion adults are illiterate.
Declare it clearly to Clara.
She's far more experienced than me.
I killed the mice.
I took a shower.
I like to take photos.
You often change your passwords.
It is not progress but regression.
Why is your skirt so short?
Do you think Tom likes his job?
Do you think Tom likes me?
How do you know Tom likes Mary?
Why do you dislike Tom so much?
This is my other sister.
Did you have other plans?
Where were you the other night?
Why didn't you come the other night?
Have you seen any other people on this island?
Logic and common sense suggest that Russia, the European Union, and the United States must act jointly.
What are you going to do about the situation?
I think we'd better go and look for Tom.
How are we going to solve this problem?
What are we going to do about this?
It seems our instincts guide and protect us.
Are there others like you?
Were there others with you?
Why didn't Tom ask someone else do it?
That's not how we're supposed to do it.
Is that how you do it?
Here's how we do it.
Let me show you how to do it.
Let me show you how we do it.
Let me show you how I do it.
Let me show you how Tom does it.
How do we get back home from here?
Tell Tom how you feel.
This is a very special night.
What's so special about this place?
These are special circumstances.
Is there something special about it?
Do you have any special plans for the holidays?
Is there something special about the way Tom does that?
What's so special about this Tom, anyway?
There's something special about this place.
Tom learned that the hard way.
Tom trained very hard.
Tom never complains, no matter how hard the work is.
Tom works very hard.
Tom is smarter than you think.
Tom taught me everything I know about riding horses.
The match last night was a tie.
No one won the game. It was a draw.
Tom took off his jacket and handed it to Mary.
Tom grabbed the phone out of Mary's hand.
Can you see anything that might be causing the problem?
Thank you for taking such good care of Tom.
I don't need an interpreter.
I'd better go with Tom.
That medicine didn't seem to make Tom feel any better.
Tom is on duty tonight.
I regret what happened yesterday.
What you are doing is now far more dangerous than what Tom did.
What you are doing is now much more dangerous than what Tom did.
I think Tom knows something the rest of us don't.
Tom didn't know you owned that land.
That's going to take a lot time.
That's going to take more time than we have.
I wonder how Tom was able to fool everybody for so long.
How did Tom get that bruise on his leg?
I wonder why Tom didn't ask for my help.
I don't have a picture of Tom.
I forgot you went to high school with Tom.
I forgot Tom was the one who taught you how to play the guitar.
I forgot it was Tom who taught you how to play the guitar.
As an American, I find that offensive.
Air pollution is a major problem.
We must work together to build a better world.
He almost convinced me.
She almost convinced me.
Tom almost convinced me.
There's no oxygen on the moon.
Who is this young man?
"Who is this young man?" "A friend of mine."
She wondered what her life would have been like if she had married Tom.
Mary wondered what her life would have been like if she had married Tom.
Tom wondered what his life would have been like if he had married Mary.
Don't be fooled by her looks.
Don't be fooled by his looks.
You don't know me very well, do you?
Thanks for sharing this with me.
An interesting CV, but I notice your last contract did not last long. Any comments?
He who makes Man his standard will be struck by weapons.
It is nothing that a little persistence and ingenuity can't overcome.
Tom car-pools with friends to save on parking fees in the city.
Mary was upset when she saw a picture of Tom's ex-girlfriend in his wallet.
"Professor, I know why!" "Why?" "Because!" "No!" "Ha, professor, exactly — but not absolutely so!"
That's not how you do it.
This is how you do it.
I wonder how Tom did that.
How would you do it?
Tell us how you did it.
Tom hasn't talked to me since then.
She is a woman.
He is a man.
He's a man.
Do you think it might not have been an accident?
She's a woman.
Let me at least buy you dinner.
The men are hungry.
The girl drinks orange juice.
We eat rice.
I eat pasta.
I'm eating pasta.
I am eating pasta.
We eat the meat.
The fruit is sour.
Don't lose any sleep over it.
I think we need to organize a search party immediately.
Tom usually sleeps with the lights on.
That incident changed their lives.
A lot can happen in three hours.
I suggest you find a new line of work.
I suggest you put that in your report.
Tom has agreed to do as you suggested.
Where do you suggest we start looking?
I suggest we move to a safer location.
Would you mind if I make a suggestion?
Actually, I'm not suggesting anything.
What would you suggest we talk about?
How do you suggest that we settle this?
That was a bad suggestion, wasn't it?
I suggest you get a good night's sleep.
I suggest you reconsider your decision.
How do you suggest we deal with this?
I suggest you keep that to yourself.
Are you suggesting I behaved improperly?
I suggest you go to Boston with Tom.
Can any of you suggest another solution?
I suggest you get ready for your guests.
I suggest you discuss that with Tom.
That was going to be my next suggestion.
I really don't know what to suggest.
That's just what I was going to suggest.
How do you suggest we deal with Tom?
Are you suggesting that we call Tom?
Are you seriously suggesting we fire Tom?
What do you suggest we do about it?
Are you staying at the hotel I suggested?
That's exactly what I'm suggesting.
I think I was the one who suggested that.
I'm not suggesting that you did anything.
I suggest you do it very carefully.
Tom suggested I get a less stressful job.
Do you know what Tom is suggesting?
Why didn't you suggest that to us sooner?
Can you suggest anyone for the job?
Are you suggesting we run and hide?
Are you suggesting that I stole something?
We may have to do as Tom suggests.
How do you suggest I write up this report?
I suggest you return to your room.
How do you suggest we settle this problem?
What did you think I was going to suggest?
I suggest you give it back to Tom.
I suggest we get back to business.
I strongly suggest you follow Tom's advice.
I suggest that we speed things up a little.
I strongly suggest you ignore Tom.
I suggest you turn around and go back home.
How do you suggest we go about it?
I'll be glad to pass along your suggestion.
Do you have any other suggestions?
No one's suggesting that you should resign.
Are you suggesting we go home now?
Where would you suggest we start?
I suggest that you read this document first.
Tom was the one who suggested it.
I suggest we leave before the guards see us.
That's an interesting suggestion.
I suggest you go back the same way you came.
I'm not suggesting we lie to Tom.
I suggest you stay here until Tom gets here.
It was Tom's suggestion that we leave early.
I suggest you stay out of my way.
Of course, that was what Tom was suggesting.
I suggest you stay away from Tom.
We rejected Tom's suggestion as too extreme.
I suggest you let us handle this.
I suggest you keep a low profile.
Are you suggesting I behaved inappropriately?
I suggest you apply for that job.
How would you suggest I handle the situation?
I strongly suggest you stay out of Tom's way.
Can you suggest another solution?
Was Tom's suggestion a good one?
I suggest you stay as close to us as possible.
Nobody's suggesting you do that.
If I did what you're suggesting, I'd be fired.
My findings suggest that that is not the case.
I suggest you tell me the truth.
I suggest you empty the garbage.
All the evidence suggests that Tom was murdered.
I suggest we get out of here as fast as we can.
I may suggest an alternate plan?
I suggest we take it a little slower this time.
Are you suggesting I killed Tom?
I was the one who suggested Tom keep a journal.
Are there any other suggestions?
What would you suggest I order?
I'd really appreciate any suggestions you have.
You were the one who suggested that we do this.
I suggest you call an attorney.
Are you suggesting I was lying?
Actually, I was going to suggest something else.
Who do you suggest we talk to?
Are you suggesting that I can't do it by myself?
Where would you suggest we go?
Are you suggesting that we ignore Tom's request.
What does that suggest to you?
I should never even have suggested such a thing.
What are you suggesting we do?
I suggest you take this a little more seriously.
That's a very good suggestion.
I'm ordering a steak. I suggest you do the same.
My suggestion is you go home and get some sleep.
I suggest you wait until 2:30.
How do you suggest we proceed?
How do you suggest we get Tom to change his mind?
I suggest you take a closer look at the contract.
How do you suggest we do that?
If anyone has a better suggestion, let's hear it.
Can you suggest a better idea?
Can you suggest something that may be more useful?
Are you suggesting I'm a liar?
What would you suggest we do?
Are you suggesting I had something to do with this?
What would Tom suggest we do?
Do you think what Tom suggested was is a good idea?
Yesterday, I went to that restaurant you suggested.
What are you suggesting then?
So what do you suggest we do?
Are you suggesting I did something I shouldn't have?
I suggest we go without them.
Are you suggesting Tom didn't die of natural causes?
I suggest this would be a good time to take a break.
Did Tom have any suggestions?
I'm strongly suggesting that you stay away from Tom.
Can I just make a suggestion?
Next time, I suggest you don't leave home without it.
Are you open for suggestions?
Why would they suggest that?
Are you suggesting it might not have been an accident?
I suggest you do it quickly.
You're not suggesting Tom could have done it, are you?
I suggest you begin at once.
Are you suggesting I was the one who caused the problem?
Do you have any suggestions?
I suggest keeping your opinions to yourself from now on.
Tom made a good suggestion.
If you have any suggestions, I'll be happy to hear them.
That's what I'm suggesting.
My suggestion is that you not give Tom any kind of gift.
I suggest you study French.
I suggest we forget our differences and try to cooperate.
I suggest you keep your opinions to yourself from now on.
I suggest you get a lawyer.
I suggest you come with me.
I suggest that perhaps we should give Tom a second chance.
I suggest we get a move on.
I suggest that you don't talk about yourself all the time.
I suggest we all calm down.
Are you suggesting that I was the one who started the fire?
What do you suggest we do?
Are you suggesting that you know more about this than I do?
We're open to suggestions.
I suggest we concentrate on finding a way out of this cave.
I suggest you get started.
I suggest you all get out of this room as soon as possible.
What do you suggest then?
I suggest you go back home and discuss this with your wife.
What do you suggest I do?
If you've got any better suggestions I'd love to hear them.
Let me make a suggestion.
It may have sounded like a suggestion, but it was an order.
I'm open for suggestions.
I suggest we first find out if Tom is interested in the job.
You're not suggesting we give all the money to Tom, are you?
I suggest you try harder.
You're not suggesting I had anything to do with that, are you?
I suggest you find a job.
Can I offer a suggestion?
All I'm suggesting is that we try to help Tom as much as we can.
What do you suggest instead?
If you're suggesting that I had anything to do with, you're wrong.
What a great suggestion!
If you're suggesting what I think you're suggesting, you're crazy.
May I suggest something?
Are you seriously suggesting that we don't invite Tom to our party?
Right now, I suggest you concentrate on getting this report finished.
May I make a suggestion?
Our therapist suggested we go camping together and leave the kids at home.
I think we should do as Tom suggests, unless someone has a better suggestion.
I never suggested that.
I wasn't planning on doing that, but now that you suggest it, I may give it a try.
I suggest you help us.
I suggest we both leave now and leave Tom and Mary to discuss this problem on their own.
What did Tom suggest?
I'm only suggesting we don't do what Tom asks until we carefully consider the consequences.
I suggest you hurry.
I tried to follow your instructions.
You're reading.
He's reading.
They're writing.
We're writing.
He's writing.
She's writing.
I'm cooking now.
You're cooking now.
He's cooking now.
She's cooking now.
We're cooking now.
They're cooking now.
Don't forget to wake me up tomorrow morning.
The conductor reformulates what the interpreter said.
The act of translation is highlighted for the public.
The conductor challenges the interpreter.
The translation is made explicit.
She deems this can be understood without a translation.
"Se la tirano" can be hard to translate.
There can be terms that are difficult to translate.
This is not the answer he was expecting.
The conductor was expecting a more connotated definition.
The interpreter tries to provide a mitigated definition.
The problem is clear to the Italian public.
Translations can provide explanations to what has been said.
They discuss the title of the song.
There can be a contextualization during interviews.
There's a mitigation in the translation.
Carrà uses linking up expressions.
Carrà promotes the band.
She always adds new information in her translations.
He always adds new information in his translations.
She wants to promote the band.
He wants to promote the band.
She always interacts with the audience.
He always interacts with the audience.
She reformulates what the guest says.
He reformulates what the guest says.
She doesn't always translate the real answer.
He doesn't always translate the real answer.
Carrà doesn't get his irony.
Carrà doesn't get her irony.
A misunderstanding occurs.
The titles might correspond.
In the English text, there are more explicit elements.
The Italian text is more oriented to the artistic elements.
He has Alzheimer's.
The purpose of this challenge is to entertain the public.
Tom is skiing.
The bag wasn't mine.
Let us speak.
She wears a woolen sweater.
She is wearing a woolen sweater.
They had a boat.
The little girl sleeps.
The little boy plays.
One can't cry when one is a man.
He's a bit stingy.
Could you give me a little help?
Learning a foreign language requires patience.
How long will it take for the mistake to be noticed?
We have common interests.
The new computerised recording system experienced a number of teething problems before it was fully operational.
I can hardly wait until summer.
Time has no form or substance.
Time has neither form nor substance.
The luggage was so heavy that I was worried my arms were going to be torn off.
Tom told me I walked like a penguin.
Whaat.. It's already 11? I thought it was still 9'o clock.
If Tom had not called me then, I might have killed myself.
I wish there were a super discount supermarket in the neighbourhood.
I know that things will get hairy if I don't start studying for my exams soon, but I just don't have any motivation.
How much did that beer cost?
Your French is really good. Where did you study?
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the last train.
Nature is full of mysteries.
Let's wait until it stops raining.
I learned everything important in life from mangas.
The oven's hot so be careful not to burn yourself.
Why is he learning Spanish?
The broccoli is overcooked today and so I don't like it.
Is it true that Tom changed his name?
What happened to Tom could happen to you.
She doesn't like this color.
I wonder what I will do once I get home.
Tomorrow, I'll know who the new president is.
Why are women such bothersome creatures?
His house and mine are adjacent.
How do you usually spend your weekends?
Mark will sell the car.
"Where will you sleep?" "We will sleep at the hotel."
"When will you return to Italy?" "I will return next year."
I tend to forget what I say when I'm drunk, but I'm confident that it reflects my true feelings.
I accept your offer.
When I looked at my travel pictures of when I went on a trip alone to Australia, I felt like crying.
I haven't been reading difficult books recently, so my head's going dull.
I must convince him.
I must convince her.
I must convince Tom.
I must convince Tom to come.
I forgot my scarf.
If I had ten eyes, I could read five books at the same time.
When I was in high school, I wished every day that a meteorite would fall.
Why are men strong even if they're slender?
Why does my nose run when I eat soup in winter?
I'd like to go out stark naked in the middle of this typhoon.
To tell truth, I find discussions about movies more interesting than movies themselves.
To tell truth, I find discussions about life more interesting than life itself.
Is it true that it's easy to get laid in Japan?
What the devil is that?
Please tell me how to delete my Facebook account.
Before coming to Berlin, I had very little interest in German history.
Germans are very environmentally conscious.
Pardon me, is there an ATM somewhere around here?
Pardon me, is there an ATM in this area?
It's the first time I've seen Tom so angry.
Do you regret the fact that you married me?
Does anyone have some moisturizing cream?
She is a dreamer.
I think that my life should be more romantic.
There's a new iPhone coming out next month so I think that it's not such a bright idea to buy one now.
Maybe you should stop reading romance novels.
You should stop reading romance novels.
I think that maybe I should stop reading romance novels.
It's not magic, Tom, it's science!
That should not have happened.
"Who is there?" - "A friend!"
Have you ever read Gone With the Wind?
Lost time is irretrievable.
Love is wonderful and beautiful.
It happens a lot.
We saw it happen.
Bad things happen.
That happens a lot.
You made it happen.
It can't happen now.
It may happen again.
It's happened to me.
So what happens now?
What happened to it?
What'll happen next?
It happened too fast.
It might just happen.
So what happens next?
So what happens then?
What happens at 2:30?
What'll happen to me?
What'll happen to us?
And then what happens?
Hey, what's happening?
How could this happen?
It could happen again.
It could still happen.
So what happened here?
So what happened next?
Tom, what's happening?
Well, what happens now?
What happened to that?
What'll happen to Tom?
What'll happen to you?
What's happened to us?
Bad things will happen.
Does that happen a lot?
Does this happen often?
Has it happened to you?
It happened so quickly.
It happens to everyone.
It hasn't happened yet.
It just happened again.
So how did this happen?
That happens every day.
The worst has happened.
This happens every day.
We'll see what happens.
Well, what's happening?
What happened in there?
What happened out here?
What happens next time?
What's happened to Tom?
What's happened to you?
What's happening to me?
What's happening to us?
A lot has happened here.
Has this happened often?
Is this happening today?
It happened so long ago.
It happens to all of us.
It's happening too fast.
Maybe it never happened.
That could never happen.
That happens to be true.
This happens to be mine.
What could be happening?
What happened out there?
What happened this time?
What happens if we fail?
What just happened here?
Does that really happen?
Has that happened to you?
Tell me what'll happen.
Things don't just happen.
What happened to your car?
Do you happen to know Tom?
So what's going to happen?
It's never going to happen.
Don't let that happen again.
So far nothing has happened.
What happened after we left?
Wasted time is irretrievable.
Have you ever read the Bible?
Have you ever read the Old Testament?
Have you ever read the New Testament?
This novel is fun and enjoyable.
Many people are waiting to get rich through the study of artificial intelligence. Instead, I get rich through natural stupidity.
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it on a fruit salad.
Nothing else happened.
I happened to be right.
It happened right here.
Nothing happened to Tom.
What's happening to you?
And that's what happened.
Has this happened before?
It couldn't happen to me.
It just happened so fast.
It'll never happen again.
It's all happening again.
Let me know what happens.
Nothing bad ever happens.
So what finally happened?
Tell me what's happening.
That happens to be wrong.
That hasn't happened yet.
That never happens to me.
This has happened before.
Was that how it happened?
We can't let this happen.
What could've happened?
What happened back there?
What happened down there?
What happened here today?
What happened last month?
What happened over there?
What happened to my door?
What happened to the dog?
What happened to you two?
What happens if I say no?
What happens when we die?
What has happened to Tom?
What just happened there?
Anything can happen on TV.
Did you happen to see Tom?
How could this all happen?
How did I let this happen?
How did that happen again?
How did this happen to me?
Is it happening right now?
Is that where it happened?
It had to happen sometime.
It shouldn't happen again.
Just tell me what happens.
Nothing can happen to you.
Nothing ever happens here.
Nothing much is happening.
That never happened to me.
This almost never happens.
This is where it happened.
Tom told me what happened.
What happened in the park?
What happened to your eye?
What happened to your leg?
What happens when you die?
What's happening in there?
What's happening up there?
Whatever happened to that?
When did that last happen?
You can't let that happen.
A lot can happen in a year.
Did all this really happen?
Did something happen today?
Exactly what happened here?
How did this happen to you?
How often does that happen?
I wonder how that happened.
Is that supposed to happen?
Is that what happened here?
It always happens this way.
It had to happen somewhere.
It happened more than once.
This is happening too fast.
What happened to your foot?
It happened three years ago.
What happened to Tom's head?
Why did you let this happen?
Do you know what's happening?
It all happened kind of fast.
That could've happened to me.
That's never going to happen.
The same thing happened to me.
What happened three weeks ago?
That happens a lot, doesn't it?
That never happens around here.
Let's pretend it never happened.
We have until tomorrow morning.
I must be going deaf.
What happens if Tom loses?
Tom says you let it happen.
Tell Tom what really happened.
Tom told me what had happened.
What's going to happen to Tom?
Has Tom told you what happened?
Is that what happened with Tom?
My name also happens to be Tom.
My name happens to be Tom, too.
Tom knew exactly what happened.
Tom told me what happened here.
Tom told me what was happening.
What exactly happened with Tom?
What happened to Tom's parents?
It's not going to happen to Tom.
Bad things always happen to Tom.
Tom told Mary this would happen.
What's happened to Tom and Mary?
Do you know what happened to Tom?
Tom has no idea what's happening.
Tom knows what's about to happen.
Did Tom say what happened exactly?
Did you hear what happened to Tom?
Is that what happened to you, Tom?
Something bad has happened to Tom.
Tom knew what was about to happen.
Tom knew what was going to happen.
Tom left because of what happened.
Tom wasn't there when it happened.
It happened when Tom was in Boston.
Only Tom has noticed what happened.
That could be what happened to Tom.
Tom happens to like Mary very much.
Tom isn't going to let that happen.
Tom pretended nothing had happened.
What do you think'll happen to Tom?
We can't risk that happening to Tom.
What happens if Tom doesn't show up?
Can you tell me what happened to Tom?
Tom told me everything that happened.
Tom wasn't happy about what happened.
What really happened to Tom and Mary?
Something strange has happened to Tom.
This happens every time Tom goes away.
Tom happens to be very good at French.
Tom realized what was about to happen.
Tom told you what happened, didn't he?
We have to tell Tom what has happened.
What happened to Tom wasn't his fault.
Does anybody know what happened to Tom?
Do you think Tom knows what's happening?
Tom doesn't even know this is happening.
Tom doesn't know what happened, does he?
Tom never really got over what happened.
Tom says you know what happened to Mary.
Was Tom involved in what happened today?
Did it really happen like Tom said it did?
Tom and Mary met to discuss what happened.
Tom couldn't have known what had happened.
We've got to find out what happened to Tom.
Do you want the same thing to happen to Tom?
I bet stuff like this doesn't happen to Tom.
You've got to find out what happened to Tom.
Don't blame yourself for what happened to Tom.
Why don't you ask Tom what he thinks happened?
Haven't you ever wondered what happened to Tom?
Tom was the only one who noticed what happened.
There's no explanation for what happened to Tom.
Tom has told you about what happened, hasn't he?
Tom tried to fire his gun, but nothing happened.
I think it's the same thing that happened to Tom.
I've got to find out what really happened to Tom.
Tom sent me to make sure nothing happened to Mary.
Tom went back to sleep as if nothing had happened.
This never would've happened if Tom had been there.
Tom doesn't even remember what happened last night.
Let's assume it happened exactly as Tom says it did.
That never would've happened if Tom hadn't shown up.
Tom looked out the window to see what was happening.
I need you to understand what really happened to Tom.
Tom just happened to be there at the same time I was.
Tom told me what happened when you tried to kiss Mary.
This would never have happened if Tom hadn't been here.
I'll never forgive myself if anything's happened to Tom.
Nobody knows what really happened except for Tom.
You don't happen to know a guy named Tom Jackson, do you?
Tom looked around to make sure nothing else was happening.
Tom gave Mary a diamond bracelet for their wedding anniversary.
We won't get scared.
I'm years old.
Herring tastes good with potatoes.
Brazil lost a major politician.
A horrible thing happened here.
Something terrible happened here.
A lot can happen in a month.
Anything may happen now.
Anything might happen now.
Are you aware of what's happened?
Call me if anything happens.
Can you believe this happened?
Coincidences happen all the time.
Coincidences happen every day.
Could somebody tell me what happened?
Crashes happen all the time.
Describe what happened next.
Did something happen last night?
Did Tom tell you what happened?
Did you hear about what happened?
Did you hear what happened?
Don't you know what's happened?
Do we know why it's happening?
Do you know why it's happening?
Do you know why this is happening?
Do you happen to know what happened?
Do you know how it happened?
Do you remember anything odd happening at the picnic?
Did anything out of the ordinary happen at school today?
Do you see what's happening?
Do you think that's going to happen?
Do you think that's ever going to happen?
Does that ever happen to you?
Does Tom know what's happening?
Don't worry. These things happen.
Don't you see what's happening?
Everybody saw what happened.
Guess what just happened.
Has that ever happened before?
Has this ever happened before?
Here is where it all happens.
Here's what I think happened.
Here's what really happened.
Here's what's going to happen.
How could that have happened?
How could this be happening?
How could this happen to me?
How could Tom let this happen?
How could you let this happen?
How did this even happen?
I can't believe what just happened.
I can't believe that just happened.
I didn't mean for that to happen.
I didn't mean for what happened to happen.
I didn't want it to happen this way.
I don't want it to happen.
I explained what happened.
I just happened to be there at that time.
I know what happened to you.
I know what's about to happen.
I still can't believe this is happening.
I want to find out what happened.
I want to talk to you about what happened.
I'll never be able to explain what happened.
I'm glad it happened that way.
I'm sorry about what's happened.
I'm sorry I'm late. It won't happen again.
If that happens, I'll resign.
Is it going to happen again?
Is this likely to happen again?
Is there a chance this will happen again?
Is that the way it happened?
Is that what happened to you?
Is that what really happened?
It all happened three months ago.
It usually happens very quickly.
We can't let this happen anymore.
It could never, ever happen here.
It didn't happen all at once.
It happened before I met Tom.
It happened over a year ago.
It happened right about here.
It happened suddenly.
It happened three hours ago.
It happened yesterday.
It happens to be the truth.
It might not happen now.
It never should've happened.
It should never have happened.
It shouldn't have happened.
It wasn't supposed to happen.
It'll happen quite quickly.
It's all happening so fast.
It's already happened.
It's amazing what can happen.
It's going to happen today.
It's going to happen soon.
It's happened three times now.
It's happened three times so far.
It's happening again, isn't it?
It's happening all over again.
It's happening now, isn't it?
It's never happened before.
It's what was meant to happen.
Just tell us what happened.
Let's pretend that nothing happened?
Let's try to stop that from happening.
Look at what's happening.
Miracles do happen.
Miracles do happen every day.
Never mind what happened.
Nobody predicted this would happen.
None of those things happened.
Nothing happened between us.
Nothing's happening down there.
Nothing like that happened.
I hate it when things like this happen.
I wish things like this would quit happening.
Nothing seems to happen around here.
Nothing seems to happen around here except on weekends.
Nothing will happen to Tom.
Nothing's going to happen to me.
Nothing's happening right now.
Now let's see what happens.
Now, why would that happen?
Please don't allow that to happen.
Show me where it happened.
So, did anything happen?
Did anything happen that you didn't expect to happen?
Some people believe that the moon landings never happened.
Some stuff is about to happen.
Something's happening here.
Something must be happening.
Something's happened to it.
Sometimes bad things happen.
Strange things are happening.
Weird things are happening.
Strange things happen.
Stranger things have happened.
Tell me again what happened.
Tell me exactly what happened.
Tell me what happened to Tom.
Tell me what happened to you.
Tell me what's happening back home.
Tell me what's happening at school.
Tell them what happened.
Tell us exactly what happened.
Tell us what happened last night.
That could happen here if we're not careful.
That could never happen to me.
That happens to all of us.
That happens to me sometimes.
That's happened to a lot of us.
That's never happened before.
That shouldn't have happened.
That wouldn't happen to be my key, wouldn't it?
That'll never happen again.
That's how it usually happens.
That's not going to happen to me.
That's not going to happen today.
That's not going to happen, is it?
That's not how it happened.
That's not meant to happen.
That wasn't meant to happen.
That's not supposed to happen.
That's the best thing that could happen to me.
That was the best thing that could've happened to me.
That's the first time that's happened.
That's what happened before.
That's what happened there.
That's what happened to us.
That's what really happened.
That's what's happening here.
That's where it's happening.
They told you what happened, didn't they?
Things were happening fast.
This can't keep happening.
This could only happen to you.
It sounds like you still love Tom.
This has all happened before.
This has happened to me, too.
This is all happening so fast.
This is happening too quickly.
This is never going to happen.
This is what must happen.
This is what's happening.
This is where it all happens.
This isn't really happening.
This isn't where it happened.
This kind of thing happens.
This may be our only chance to figure out what happened.
This never happened before.
This shouldn't be happening.
This shouldn't have happened.
This will never happen again.
This won't happen again.
Tragedies happen every day.
Was Tom here when it happened?
We can't let that happen.
We can't risk that happening to us.
We just happened to be there.
We know for a fact it didn't happen that way.
We need to hear what happened.
We're not sure what happened.
We've got to tell everyone what happened out here.
Well, it hasn't happened yet.
Well, that's not going to happen.
What could possibly happen?
What do you suppose happened?
What do you think might happen?
What do you think is going to happen here?
What else happened yesterday?
What happened at the beach?
What happened the next day?
What happened this morning?
What happened to my furniture?
What happened to the lights?
What happened to your cane?
What happened to your face?
What happened to your hair?
What happened to your hand?
What happened to your ring?
What happened to your voice?
What happened was an accident.
What happened was horrible.
What happened was a terrible mistake.
What happens after we leave?
What happens if I get caught?
What happens if that happens?
What happens if we get caught?
What happens if you get wet?
What happens when we run out of water?
It's too cold in here for me.
What just happened down there?
What just happened in there?
What just happened won't happen again.
What really happened to us?
What should've happened?
What would happen if you didn't do that?
What's been happening here?
What's going to happen next?
What's going to happen now?
What's going to happen to me?
What's going to happen to us?
What's happened to the light?
What's happened to your eye?
What's happening back there?
What's happening down there?
What's happening out there?
What's happening over there?
What's happening tonight?
What's the scariest thing that ever happened to you?
Whatever happened, it's over.
When did that happen to you?
When exactly did this happen?
Where exactly did this happen?
Why does everything have to happen to us?
Why does that keep happening?
Why does this always happen?
Why does this keep happening?
Why is this happening to us?
Why isn't anything happening?
Would you like to tell me what happened?
You and I both know what happened.
You didn't cause it to happen.
You know it's going to happen.
You saw what happened back there, didn't you?
You saw what happened, didn't you?
You've got to promise me this is never going to happen again.
It's raining in my heart.
That would be a good name for a band.
That would be a good name for a cat.
Cookie would be a good name for a cat.
Let's name our cat Cookie.
Don't you think Cookie would be a good name for a dog?
Tom named his hamster Cookie.
Do you have any good ideas on what I should name my horse?
Tom named his squirrel Hazelnut, because it likes hazelnuts.
What is your favorite boy band?
What's your favorite boy band?
You don't like Tom much, do you?
Do you like kombucha?
Do you know a man named Tom Jackson by any chance?
Have you ever heard of a man named Tom Jackson?
Have you ever been to Cape Cod?
Tom has a pet monkey named Cookie.
I never said that I didn't like Tom.
Tom has a pet monkey named Coconut.
How many kids named Tom are in your class?
Kombucha is produced by a symbiotic colony of bacteria and yeast, or SCOBY.
Tom sat on the steps talking to a girl named Mary.
I was named after my great-grandfather.
I have a cat named Cookie.
All the streets in this area are named after famous people.
What's your cat's name?
Wasn't your old dog named Cookie?
Tom's cat was carried away by a tornado.
I met a Canadian man named Tom Jackson.
Some men make the mistake of naming their boats after their girlfriends.
We have someone working for us named Tom Jackson.
We have no record of a patient named Tom Jackson.
A guy named Tom was looking for you this morning.
I got a call from a man named Tom Jackson last night.
Did Tom ever mention a nurse named Mary Jackson?
I just got a call from a man named Tom Jackson.
Tom got his girlfriend's name tattooed on his arm.
I named my dog Cookie.
Why were you holding her hand?
Why were you holding his hand?
Do you know anybody named Tom?
There's no one named Tom here.
Tom's so lucky to have you, Mary!
Have you ever heard of a Canadian guitarist named Tom Jackson?
Tom went to meet some girl named Mary.
Do you remember that Canadian guy named Tom Jackson?
I'm looking for a guy named Tom.
There was a guy named Tom who used to live here.
You have too much time on your hands.
We're looking for a man named Tom Jackson.
Tom has too much time on his hands.
Do either of you know a guy named Tom Jackson?
A little boy named Tom asked me where Mary was.
Did Tom ever mention a Canadian named Mary?
A guy named Tom called here yesterday.
Do you like Tom's tattoo?
Do you like Tom's tattoos?
Have you ever met a guy named Tom Jackson?
This is a story about a little boy named Tom.
One of the boys who died was named Tom.
One of the boys who died in the train accident was named Tom.
There's a guy named Tom Jackson on death row.
Men grovel at her feet.
Tom bought Chuck's Bar and Grill, but he didn't rename it.
I don't like the new guy.
"I don't like the new guy." "Do you mean Tom? I think that he likes you."
Tom and Mary named their son after the doctor who delivered him.
The head of our department is a man named Tom Jackson.
When I met Tom, he was dating a girl named Mary.
When I was a kid, I had a dog named Cookie.
Tom named his boat after his girlfriend, but then she left him.
Tom's car wouldn't start and he had to get a new battery.
Tom declared himself bankrupt.
"Why were you holding his hand?" "I wasn't holding his hand!"
"Why were you holding her hand?" "I wasn't holding her hand!"
Tom got his girlfriend's name tattooed on his arm, but then she left him.
Tom rolled his ankle on some uneven ground.
That's a picture of Tom and his cat.
I see the two of you are having a good time.
Tom and Mary will probably never see each other again.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to ever see each other again.
Hikers were warned to be careful because the trail was uneven underfoot and had tree roots growing on it.
Mary loves her pony.
Even though it hadn't rained for several days, the ground was still quite wet underfoot.
Tom has been interviewing people for that job all day.
Mary loves her pony and her pony loves her.
You won't be arrested.
A robust discussion ensued.
Tom swore his undying love to Mary.
You do know how to drive, don't you?
Who taught you how to do that?
Where did you learn how to do that?
When'll we know how Tom is?
This is how Tom does it.
That's how we do things.
Now we know how Tom did it.
My mother never taught me how to do laundry.
Let's see how you like it.
Just how do you know all this?
How will Tom get in?
How long's Tom been gone?
How is that my fault?
How do you think it went?
How do you know how to do that?
How do you know about this?
How do you do it exactly?
How did you know what Tom said?
How did you know how to do that?
How did you get inside?
How did Tom get one of those?
How could Tom do that?
How can we know for sure?
How are you being treated?
How are we going to get in?
Here's how we're going to win.
Exactly how will we do that?
Do you remember how we got here?
Do you know how Tom did it?
Do you know how that looks?
Do you know how that feels?
Do you know how it works?
Can you see how it works?
Ask Tom how he got here.
Let's see if that does the trick.
Tom showed reckless disregard for Mary's feelings.
Would you like to see it again?
We could see some ducks on the lake.
Tom saw everything that happened.
There's nothing to see here.
None of us saw it.
None of us could see it.
Let's see if anybody's home.
Let's open the box and see what's inside.
Let's open the box and see what's inside it.
Let me see your hands.
I still haven't seen it.
I should've seen that coming.
I haven't seen this in a while.
I haven't seen this for a while.
I can't see who it is.
Everyone can see it now.
Do you want to go see a movie?
You'd better do what you've been told to do.
You'd better come see this.
Why is the door open?
Why don't you come with us?
Why don't you come out with us tonight?
Why all the secrecy?
Where's the noise coming from?
Where does all this come from?
Where do these come from?
Where did all this come from?
When did Tom come back?
Tom told me that he's never coming back here.
The sound is coming from over there.
The sound came from that direction.
The noise came from somewhere in there.
The helicopter's waiting for us on the roof.
The bus finally came to a stop.
That'll come in handy, I think.
That topic never came up.
That photo came with the wallet.
That came out of nowhere.
Thanks for coming so quickly.
Thanks for coming by.
Something just came up.
Smoke was coming out the window.
Smoke is coming out of the kitchen.
Please come on Monday.
Please come on in.
Please come by 2:30.
Please come before 2:30.
Please come at 2:30.
Let's go outside and play.
Just come up here.
It hasn't come to that yet.
It came out of nowhere.
I could hear sirens in the distance.
I could hear footsteps coming up the stairs.
I can't come in today.
Hi, come on in.
Hey, come here.
Here comes the enemy.
Here comes the cavalry.
Here comes the bus now.
Here come some more people.
Did this come with a guarantee?
Come on over.
An adverb is a word which modifies a verb, an adjective and sometimes another adverb.
A conjunction is a word which joins words, phrases, clauses and sentences together.
A thousand deaths will still be less than he deserves.
Sitting on a throne is a thousand times harder than winning one.
A bastard had to learn to notice things, to read the truth that people hid behind their eyes.
They were beasts in human skins and not true men at all.
You know what happens next, don't you?
I've gotten hungry.
That happens to be the truth.
That isn't how it happened.
Can you remember what happened?
Do you know where that happened?
Do you know where that took place?
That hasn't happened in three years.
How long has this been happening?
If anything happens, let me know.
If that happens, give me a call.
If that happens, call me.
Is that really going to happen?
Just don't let it happen again.
Just in case something happens, here's my telephone number.
Let Tom know what's happening.
None of this would've happened if you'd paid attention to what you were doing.
Something awful happened to me.
Something awful happened to Tom.
That fight happened three weeks ago.
That wasn't supposed to happen.
That's exactly how it happened.
This is exactly where it happened.
That's not the way it happened.
That's precisely what happened.
Tom told me this would happen.
Things can happen very quickly.
Things like this don't usually happen.
Has this ever happened to you before?
This is happening way too fast.
"Thank you." "You're very welcome."
This isn't going to happen again.
This isn't supposed to happen.
This wasn't supposed to happen.
This would never have happened if you'd stayed home.
I hope we can prevent this from happening again.
We'll try not to let that happen.
We may never know what really happened.
What happened to all our money?
What happened to the generator?
What happened to the other guy?
What really happened out there?
What's going to happen tonight?
What's happened is unimportant.
Who knows what really happened?
Why did you allow it to happen?
You saw what happened in there, didn't you?
A great deal has happened since that time.
A lot has happened since that time.
A lot can happen in three years.
Bad things keep happening to us.
There's not a lot happening at the moment.
Could you tell us what happened?
Everything happens very quickly around here.
Do you have any idea what happened?
It doesn't have to happen again.
It sort of happened by accident.
It's happening all the time now.
It's just never going to happen.
It's my fault this has happened.
Look at what's already happened.
Please tell me what's happening.
Something horrible has happened.
Something wonderful has just happened.
Tell us what happened in the park.
That happened three years ago.
That's just the way it happened.
That's not going to happen here.
The same thing happened in 2013.
Things are going to happen fast.
Do you think anything has happened yet?
This has been happening way too often.
This has been happening quite a lot lately.
This is where the magic happens.
This never should've happened.
This stuff happens all the time.
This sort of thing happens all the time.
Let's go see what's happening outside.
Is there anything we can do to stop all this from happening?
It all happened so suddenly.
I can't see what's happening.
We didn't mean for it to happen that way.
We'll find out what's happening.
That can happen sometimes.
What could've happened to Tom?
What happened to your other car?
When is this supposed to happen?
What happens if Tom won't do what we ask him to do?
Would you tell us what happened?
Can you tell me how it happened?
Are you going to tell me what happened?
You know what's about to happen, right?
You know what's going to happen, don't you?
You know what's happening today, right?
You were told this would happen.
You were told this was going to happen.
Did anything happen while I was gone?
Everything was happening so fast.
Exactly what I said might happen, happened.
It's a very beautiful sapling.
His parents were horrified.
You're wasting your time trying to convince him.
Not finding words, we sat a long time in silence.
In China, the history began thirty years ago; we can't know what happened any farther back than thirty years.
A deadline was included in the ultimatum.
"It is written: only Link can defeat Ganon." "Why Link?" "It is written here!" "Who wrote it?" "That is of no concern of yours."
You'll start a new lesson as soon as you've finished this one.
Be sure to pay for getting me to show you this video on your way out.
You knew this was going to happen, right?
You don't know how that happened, do you?
Why does this happen so often?
Who knows what could happen to me?
Where did you see that happen?
When is that supposed to happen?
When did it first start to happen?
What's happening right now?
What was supposed to happen?
What happened to all those people?
What happened in the third inning?
What do you think really happened?
What do you think happened to it?
What do we expect to happen next?
Were you on duty when it happened?
We'll have to wait and see if that happens.
Trust me, I can make it happen.
This never happened to me before.
This has never happened before, right?
This doesn't have to happen again.
Things happen for a reason, right?
They'll let us know what happens.
There's something happening here.
That's what's supposed to happen.
That's the way it's going to happen.
That's the way it happened.
That's only happened once before.
That's not what's happening here.
That isn't going to happen this time.
That happens to be why I came here today.
That happened to me this morning.
Tell us what happened that night.
Tell me what happened that night.
Tell me this isn't really happening.
Tell me that didn't just happen.
Tell me how it happened.
Something weird has happened here.
Something very strange just happened.
Something bad is going to happen.
Nothing's going to happen to you.
Nothing's going to happen to Tom.
Nothing appears to have happened.
None of this was meant to happen.
None of this is really happening.
Let's not have that happen again.
Let me tell you what's happening.
It's not supposed to be happening.
It's not like it just happened.
It's happened to us all before.
It's exactly what happened before.
It's all happening a little too fast.
It'll happen, I'm sure of it.
It wasn't supposed to happen yet.
It just doesn't happen that way.
It happened to us the same way.
It happened right in front of us.
It happened on Halloween night.
It happened in the blink of an eye.
It happened early this morning.
It didn't really happen that way.
I've been trying to remember what happened.
How is that ever going to happen?
How do you suppose this happened?
How did it feel when it happened?
How could you have let it happen?
How could we have let this happen?
Have you asked Tom what happened?
Everyone knows what happened next.
Do you remember what happened last year?
Did you happen to bring a blanket?
Did Tom see what happened?
I'm just fucking with you, man. You've paid your taxes on time! You can leave if you want.
Facebook closed his page.
Your Majesty, there is a fire in my house!
"Your Majesty, have you seen Namowg lately?" "Not since he ragequit after I shot his ass this morning." "Yeah! That old king is the boss!" "Okay. Keep me posted." "Sure thing." "Bye." "Bye."
When's that supposed to happen?
Whatever happens, don't open that door.
What happens to me isn't important.
What happens if we get infected?
What happens if Tom doesn't pass?
What happened was unavoidable.
What happened here was unavoidable.
What do you think will happen next?
What do you suppose happened there?
What are the odds of that happening?
Tom doesn't care what happens to his old car.
This has never happened before, has it?
That's probably what happened.
That's not going to happen for years.
That's never happened to me before.
That won't be allowed to happen.
That happens every day, doesn't it?
That didn't really happen. I just made it up.
Nobody's told me what happened.
Maybe this was all meant to happen.
Make sure Tom knows what's happened.
Let's pretend none of this ever happened.
Just pretend that it didn't happen.
It's a shame it had to happen here.
It seems like it happened just yesterday.
It doesn't matter what happens.
It didn't happen exactly like that.
Is there a chance that'll happen?
I'm not going to leave until I find out what happened.
I know about everything that's happened.
Hunting accidents happen more often than most people realize.
How could this have happened again?
Has something happened between you and Tom?
Everything's happening too quickly.
Everyone's waiting to see what happens.
Do you understand what's happening?
Do you think that could ever happen again?
Did you happen to see the accident?
Did Tom tell the cops what happened?
Did something happen to Tom?
Can you tell us what happened next?
Can you prove that's what happened?
Aren't you ashamed of the way you behaved?
Have they found out what happened to that airplane?
We need to be patient.
"Shut the fecking music up and read the book." "I see my censor spell still works!"
Empty vessels make the most noise.
Welcome to my answering machine! I'm out eating at Quiznos right now, so call me back later. Have a good day!
I managed to get rid of him.
You shouldn't have let this happen.
You seem to be upset about what happened.
You said it wasn't going to happen.
You remember what happened last time, don't you?
You know what's happening, don't you?
You know what might happen, don't you?
You knew it would happen, didn't you?
You have to tell Tom what happened.
You guys won't believe what happened.
Would you mind telling me what happened?
When was the last time that happened?
Whatever happens, just keep smiling.
What happened to the guitar I gave you?
What happened to the camera I lent you?
What happened between the two of you?
What happened at school yesterday?
What do you think has happened to Tom?
We'll try not to let it happen again.
We need to talk about what happened.
We know that's never going to happen.
We knew that was bound to happen.
Tom would never have let that happen.
Tom still doesn't know what happened.
Tom says he can't remember what happened.
This isn't supposed to be happening.
This has only happened to me once before.
Things like this don't usually happen to me.
There are places where this kind of thing happens all the time.
The exact same thing happened to Tom.
That's probably what's going to happen.
That's never gonna happen again, right?
That happened pretty fast, don't you think?
That does seem to happen a whole lot.
That all happened in just three days.
That all happened at about the same time.
Sooner or later, it's going to happen.
Sooner or later, it's going to happen again.
Sometimes it just happens that way.
Something very strange is happening here.
Something must've happened to Tom.
Something has happened to Tom.
Something extraordinary has happened.
Something extraordinary happened.
Nothing like this has ever happened to me before.
Nothing like this ever happened before you started working here.
Nothing bad's going to happen to me.
No one told me this might happen.
No one told me this could happen.
No matter what happens, keep moving.
No matter what happens, just keep smiling.
No matter what happens, don't say anything.
Maybe Tom can remember what happened.
Maybe things do happen for a reason.
Just don't let it ever happen again.
It's obvious what has to happen.
It doesn't matter what happens to us.
It doesn't matter what happens to me.
If we're not careful, the same thing will happen to us.
If that happens again, I'll leave.
I'm sorry about what happened back there.
I'm not going to let this happen.
I think it happened because you wanted it to happen.
How exactly did that happen?
How could you let this happen to me?
How could something like this happen?
Has that ever happened to you before?
Explain to me how that could happen.
Exactly what was supposed to happen?
Do you remember what happened to you?
Do you really expect me to let that happen?
Do you have any idea what's happened?
Do you have any idea what just happened?
Do you have any idea how this happened?
Do they have any idea what happened?
Did you see what happened out there?
Did you see what happened last night?
Did something happen to change the way you feel about Tom?
Despite what's happened, I still like Tom.
Could you tell us what happened next?
Come on, let's see what's happening.
Calm down and tell me what happened.
Are you sure nothing happened while I was gone?
Are you ready to tell me what happened?
Are you going to tell us what happened?
Anything could happen in a place like this.
A terrible thing has happened.
A terrible thing happened.
It's a terrible thing.
You're a terrible judge of character.
You made a terrible mistake.
You've made a terrible mistake.
You're doing a terrible thing.
Your plan is terrible.
I think Tom is a terrible father.
Something terrible is going to happen.
Invention is the truth inside the lie.
I thought something terrible had happened to you.
Tom said terrible things about Mary.
Tom thought it was a terrible idea.
Tom was in a terrible accident.
Tom, you look terrible. What happened?
Tom sounds upset.
Tom sounds really upset.
He will never die.
She will never die.
Do you know where the leak is?
She will win the first prize.
What happened to the rest of your crew?
What happened to all of our furniture?
What happened the night of the murder?
What happened after you got there?
We don't know what happened to Tom.
This wasn't supposed to happen at all.
That's the third time this has happened.
That's not the way it happened at all.
That happens all the time, doesn't it?
Such things have happened before.
Such things have been known to happen.
Something similar once happened to me.
Nothing ever seems to happen around here.
Let's see what happens this time.
It wouldn't have happened without you.
Is that what Tom thinks happened?
I'll never let that happen again.
I knew exactly what was happening.
I happen to be very good at what I do.
I finally realized what was happening.
Has something happened I should know about?
Don't you regret what happened last night?
Don't you care what happens to Tom?
Do you regret what happened last night?
Do you realize what's happening?
Do you happen to know where Tom went?
Can't you see what's happening to you?
Can someone tell me why this happened?
Aren't you excited about what happened?
Are you expecting something to happen?
A lot's happened since my last letter.
I've made a reservation at a drinking place near Shinjuku Station. It's all you can drink for hours for 2,yen.
I've made a reservation at an izakaya near Shinjuku Station. It's all you can drink for hours for 2,yen.
Today the civilized world is opening its borders for the sake of international cooperation, and only Russia is "subjugating" new lands and peoples. The largest country in the world is rushing headlong into the Middle Ages.
I'm eating a sandwich.
I'm drinking milk.
The milk is sour.
There isn't even a shadow of a doubt left.
Tom was paralyzed with amazement.
This can happen once.
Tom had to learn the ins and outs of the new computer program.
It's a threat.
It is a threat.
At school, we had to recite times tables parrot-fashion.
Tom can reel off the names of the capitals of all European countries.
She's looking for a place to live.
I've found a job.
I have found a job.
From the plane, the landscape was just a patchwork of fields.
I'm sorry, but I don't recognize the language you're speaking.
I don't recognize the language they're speaking.
What language are they speaking?
Do you recognize the language that they're speaking?
It might be dangerous.
He lacks courtesy.
You know that's what's going to happen.
You knew this would happen, didn't you?
Yes, that's pretty much what happened.
What's the worst thing that can happen?
What would happen if we just ignored Tom's request?
What do you think's going to happen?
We don't know exactly when it happened.
This sort of thing doesn't usually happen.
This sort of thing doesn't happen where I come from.
This is going to happen a lot from now on.
There's something weird happening.
There's a reason all this is happening.
The same thing happened to me on my first day here.
That's what happens when you don't read the instructions.
That's not what was supposed to happen.
That's not supposed to happen anywhere.
Something good has happened.
Let me tell you what's going to happen now.
Let me explain what's happened.
Just make sure that doesn't happen again.
It's not likely to happen soon.
It's all happening behind closed doors.
It was pretty clear what was happening.
It happens more often than you'd think.
How do we stop it from happening again?
How can we prove it actually happened?
Has anything like this happened before?
Do you know how that could've happened?
I got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.
Don't call her that.
Don't call him that.
Tom is an experienced sailor.
You're going to tell Tom what happened, aren't you?
You'd better tell me exactly what happened.
You need to be ready for whatever happens.
You know, we could still make it happen if we wanted to.
You know what's going to happen tonight, don't you?
You hoped this would happen, didn't you?
Why does this stuff keep happening to us?
Why does this kind of thing always happen when I'm on duty?
Why do bad things happen to good people?
Why didn't you tell me what happened?
Who was taking care of Tom when this happened?
Whatever happens, we'll always be friends.
Whatever happens, we need to stay together.
What'll happen if I push this button?
What happened affected my whole family.
We're not very far from where it happened.
We're doing all we can to make sure it doesn't happen again.
We thought something had happened to you.
We didn't know this was going to happen.
We all know what's going to happen next.
Tom has no idea what's going to happen.
This type of thing happens all the time.
This only happens about once a year.
This kind of thing happens all the time.
This isn't what was supposed to happen.
Things like this wouldn't happen to you if you'd follow my advice.
There was no way to avoid what happened.
The worst thing imaginable just happened.
The strangest things have been happening.
That's what happens 99% of the time.
That's not going to happen any time soon.
That probably doesn't happen very often.
Thank you for finding out what happened.
Something's gonna happen at 2:30.
Something must have happened down there.
Please just make sure that doesn't happen.
No matter what happens, I'll never tell.
Neither of them seem to be aware of what has happened.
Maybe Tom can explain what happened here.
Maybe all this is happening for a reason.
It's going to happen again and again.
It wouldn't be the first time that happened.
It may have happened when Tom was in Boston.
It looks like that may have already happened.
It looks like it already happened.
I'm sorry to hear about what's happened here.
I'm responsible for what's happened.
I wish I could tell you why this happened.
I trust you won't let that happen again.
I think that's exactly what happened.
I think it happened last night.
I need to know exactly what happened.
I need to find out what happened to Tom.
I know what's going to happen.
I just happened to be there at the time.
I just happened to be in the neighborhood.
I hope that won't happen for a long time.
I don't know what'll happen now.
I don't know what might happen.
I didn't mean for any of this to happen.
Has anything like this ever happened before?
Do you think something's happened to Tom?
Do you remember what happened last time?
Did you have any idea this was happening?
Can't we just pretend this didn't happen?
Can you tell us what happened that night?
Can we talk about what happened that day?
Can we talk about what happened last night?
Call me if anything interesting happens.
Both of them are aware of what has happened.
It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents — except at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.
And they lived happy forever.
I don't want any of my children to be lawyers.
Tom, look at me!
The United States is a very unequal country.
You chose to do this. No one held a gun to your head.
I knew it would never work between Tom and me.
I knew it would never work between you and Tom.
They said it would never work.
Education is a gateway to success.
Have the prisoners been released?
I didn't mean to insult you.
I hate long speeches.
I have a remedy for that.
I heard you were rich.
I'll see what can be done.
I'm quite a bit older than you.
Is there enough gravy?
There's nothing left for me to do.
I'm not overreacting.
It's not exactly a secret.
It will happen to you too.
It'll happen to you, too.
I had to take down my tent because of the strong wind.
You're afraid the same thing will happen to you, aren't you?
That's exactly what's going to happen.
If anything happens, I'll give you a call.
I need to tell you what's about to happen.
I just need to know why this is happening.
I have to find out what's going to happen.
I don't think it's going to happen today.
How can you sleep with all this happening?
Go away now and I'll forget this happened.
Do you know what's going to happen to Tom?
You really don't realize what's happening, do you?
You didn't happen to get his name, did you?
You didn't happen to get her phone number, did you?
What's going to happen when they find out what we did?
What do you think happened to your suitcase?
Tom just happened to be on the same bus I was.
The last time that happened was in 2013.
Maybe everything does happen for a reason.
It's not something that could ever happen.
It'll happen again if you aren't careful.
It wouldn't be the first time it happened.
It won't happen unless you make it happen.
It doesn't happen often enough these days.
I'm sorry, that'll never happen again.
Everybody knows what's happening.
Do you recall what happened last year on your birthday?
I didn't detach them.
Things were happening kind of fast.
I wish I knew what happened to all our family photos.
I just didn't expect it to happen this way.
I don't know how or why it's happening.
Fires happen all the time in this area.
Find out what happened.
Everything happened really fast after that.
Do you understand how this happened to you?
Do you really believe that's what happened?
Can I ask what you think may have happened?
Wealth is becoming more and more concentrated.
It's been a pleasure working with you.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
I think that's enough, Tom.
Can you stop calling me that?
A man without a goal is like a ship without a rudder.
Humour has justly been regarded as the finest perfection of poetic genius.
I'm sure he'll be pleased to hear that.
I'm sure she'll be pleased to hear that.
I'm sure that Tom will be pleased to hear that.
Three years ago something like this never would have happened.
This kind of thing happens when you don't pay attention to what you're doing.
That's not the way it's supposed to happen.
Sometimes these things happen for a reason.
It might happen sooner than we anticipated.
It couldn't have happened at a worse time.
Is something supposed to be happening here?
I'm sorry this had to happen to you.
I'm really sorry about what happened.
Can you tell me what happened here?
You never told me what happened last night.
You never know what's going to happen next.
You never cared what happened to me before.
You have every right to know what happened.
Would you tell me what happened last night?
Would you mind telling me what's happening?
Would you happen to know what this is?
What's going to happen to all these people?
What'll happen to Tom if he's found guilty?
We didn't mean for that to happen.
Laughter is one of the very privileges of reason, being confined to the human species.
What's the worse that could happen?
We were shocked by what happened.
Unexpected stuff happens all the time.
The police are investigating what happened here.
That's exactly what might happen.
Something remarkable happened.
I was the one who had to make it happen.
I need to know what happened that night.
Do you know what's happening right now?
Are you prepared to just let that happen?
Why do you like horses?
I've always loved horses.
Where were you while this was happening?
I'm not going to let anything happen to you.
I'd really like to know why this keeps happening.
I wish I knew why this keeps happening.
I think we'd all like to know what happened.
I need you to find out what happened to Tom.
I know how you can stop that from happening.
I just wish I knew why this keeps happening.
How do you know the same thing won't happen again?
How do you feel about what happened tonight?
Why do horses wear blinders?
Why do horses wear blinkers?
Tom is very unhappy about what has happened.
This sort of thing just doesn't happen here.
This isn't the way it's supposed to happen.
There's a reason these things are happening.
Nothing unexpected happened today.
Nothing happened today that wasn't expected.
If I'd been lucky, that wouldn't have happened.
I don't really know how it happened.
Has something like that ever happened to you?
Do you know what you just allowed to happen?
Great luck doesn't come twice.
Bad thoughts give birth to bad actions.
They're preparing food.
The dog barked upon my arriving.
He used her.
All the apples disappeared.
Want to come with us and try?
I can't stand him any more.
He who wishes for peace, prepares for war.
You were there when it happened.
You need to go and figure out what happened.
You need tell me exactly how this happened.
What would happen if I never brushed my teeth?
We never found out what happened to Tom.
We can't let that happen again.
Tom must've reported what happened.
That can't be permitted to happen again.
That all happened in the space of three seconds.
I intend to see that that doesn't happen.
She saw him too.
They saw it too.
Are you turning red?
Tom and Mary are going through a rough patch in their relationship.
I want to fly to the moon.
I'm waiting for the trolley.
Stop it already!
Tom felt demoralised by his boss's intimidating behaviour.
What will happen if Venice gains independence?
Long-term unemployment can be very frustrating and demoralising.
I rejected this proposition.
There isn't anyone in this place.
I'm starting to like such roles.
I've never seen Tom in such a state.
Everyone is waiting on you.
Tom was accused of the sexual harassment of his female colleagues.
Tom has joined a laughter club and his stress levels have decreased significantly.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
It's pretty damn good!
Birthday events don't count.
Don't worry, it will be nice.
It's finally here.
Tomorrow is Friday.
There's also a yellow one.
Who gave this to Tom?
Too bad I can't paint like that.
I don't think Tom has any idea what happened.
I don't intend to let that happen ever again.
I can't believe this is happening to me.
How could you let something like that happen?
How could this sort of thing possibly happen?
Everyone rushed over to the other side of the ship to see what was happening.
Do you remember what happened after your birthday party?
Did Tom happen to mention anything about that?
Did anything unusual happen today at school?
Did anything interesting happen while I was gone?
Are you just going to let this happen?
There's something happening on the other side of the river.
That's what happens when you share your toys.
That's what happens when you lend things to people.
That's not the worst thing that could happen.
That's not even close to the way it happened.
Right now, we have to find out what happened.
Nothing's happened yet, but I'm sure it will.
Nobody knows what happened to Tom.
Nobody knows what happened to all that money.
It's almost dawn and nothing's happened yet.
I'd just hate to see anything happen to Tom.
I just think that this is happening too soon.
I just don't understand why it's happened.
You don't seem to understand what's happened.
You can't just stand by and let this happen.
Would you happen to know anything about that?
Would you happen to know where Tom went?
What will happen to Tom after you're gone?
What I want is to know what happened and why.
That's what we anticipate will happen.
Something horrible happened about three hours ago.
Perhaps I'd better go and see what's happened.
Nothing's going to happen tonight.
It wouldn't be the first time that's happened.
I wish it hadn't happened the way it did.
I told you what would happen if you came back.
I just wish it hadn't happened the way it did.
I have no control over what happens.
I didn't think it'd happen this quickly.
Has this kind of thing happened to you before?
Do you see what happens when you don't listen?
Didn't Tom tell you what happened?
Can we just forget this ever happened?
Can someone please just tell us what happened?
A lot has happened this past week.
Where were you in 1979?
It's my mistake, not yours.
Say that you love me.
I'm sorry if my words caused you pain.
Tears began to spill down his cheeks.
The level of education of contemporary people is far higher than it has been in the past.
More than people attended the concert.
Each day our life becomes more comfortable and more automated.
You are so lucky to have such good friends.
Once in a while she tells strange things.
You're more beautiful than me.
Whose military is in Crimea?
I was born in the Soviet Union.
I already knew this.
And why isn't this an interesting topic?
You don't know what it's like to lose all your family in a war.
She keeps an aardvark as a pet.
What is this girl's name?
What do they call this girl?
They had weapons.
Takayama is very beautiful.
Where's Takayama?
Understand?
I'm working, but you're not.
This room is empty.
I've never told anyone something like that before.
I took the first step.
Everything that they did was for us.
Return this.
And where were you?
You're not hiding anything, are you?
This should work.
He wasn't a good politician.
We'll meet at three o'clock in the afternoon.
I took a vacation day.
I'll lend you one, if you wish.
The style of that house is similar to mine.
You're afraid of this?
You're a real witch.
I'm an exchange student from Sweden.
He demanded that I pay right away.
You always believe me.
He always believes me.
When did your dad come home?
She comes to visit us every now and then.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
"The Castle of Otranto" is the first gothic novel in English, and it set the standards of the whole genre.
The castle is associated with things like ghosts and ruins.
Books became more available.
Victoria died in 1901.
The historical novel was a very popular genre.
Dickens was a very prolific writer.
Many children had to look after themselves.
In Victorian age, women were considered "Angels of the hearth".
Actresses were considered similar to prostitutes.
Gothic novels reappeared at the end of the century.
The reader is important.
They are very important.
Settings are really elaborate in gothic novel.
It could be objective.
Transgression was normal.
Rape and incest are common themes.
Many events happen in convents.
Many characters are nuns.
Olivia doesn't appear very much.
Shelley was raised by her father.
Shelley's friends died very young.
The man living in the cottage is blind.
London was very important for economical and cultural reasons.
Gothic became very popular in America.
The house represents a division between two opposite zones of London.
The case is not a rational case.
Fog is a very important element.
Fog represents something which is uncertain.
Jekyll suffers physically when he trasforms into Hyde.
The process of giving birth is very painful.
Boyle is the inventor of Sherlock Holmes.
Lucy, an aristocratic, becomes a victim of Dracula.
Lucy is killed twice.
Mina is presented as a possible victim.
Today is hectic.
He has convulsions.
She's both tall and fat.
Thanks for your gift.
Thanks for your answer.
Two years ago, I studied English in England.
If you are having problems, I will help you study English.
I am going to study English next year.
I was studying English when you called yesterday.
I will be studying English when you arrive tonight.
I do like travelling.
I don't know why it's not working.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
My husband and I, we have drifted apart, and now we don't know how to reverse the process.
What name did you give the bird?
She was able to read the book.
Seize the moment.
This is all I want to do.
Watch out for the car!
The chimney is built of bricks.
The International Space Station is the largest artificial body in orbit.
Juniper berries are often used in folk medicine.
People are more conscious nowadays and choose healthy food.
Why are you so quarrelsome?
There are three thousand barrels of wine on the ship.
I have a cord-knitted bag full of garden strawberries.
We fold the flag after the festival.
Children collect acorns that have fallen out of an oak tree.
The experts have long been handling the problem.
It's cold in my city, Warsaw.
You still don't know what he's going to say.
You do not yet know what he will say.
This person speaks an unintelligible language.
No ghost was ever seen by two pair of eyes.
All in all, Tom's had a good year, both work-wise and family-wise.
Nothing that Tom does surprises me anymore.
The mother doesn't love any one of her children more than any of the others.
Mothers should love all their children equally.
Hubble is a space telescope.
When Tom heard his favourite song on the radio, he just had to sing along.
You know I'd never let anything happen to you.
What happened to the man who shot Tom?
What happened to all the money I gave you?
We're going to have to wait and see what happens.
We'll have to wait and see what happens.
We don't know much about what happened.
That's what's going to happen right now.
That's the only bad thing that happened today.
Please tell Tom and the others what happened here.
Maybe Tom wasn't here when this happened.
I don't know what happened to my ring.
"Why are you stupid?" "I'm not stupid."
I'm not entirely certain what has happened.
I'm almost sure that's the way it happened.
I'm almost sure that's not the way it happened.
I'm almost sure that isn't the way it happened.
I'll be there to make sure that doesn't happen.
I was talking to Tom when it happened.
I need to know what's happening.
I could've told you that was going to happen.
Don't let anything happen to either one of you.
Does anything exciting ever happen around here?
What do you think'll happen if you tell Tom the truth?
Nothing's going to happen to you if you do as you're told.
Let me tell you why that's not going to happen.
It's probably good that Tom can't remember what happened.
It just so happens I do know where Tom is right now.
If something happens, it's Tom's fault, not mine.
I'm trying to get you to tell me what happened.
I'd never let anything happen to you.
Didn't anything else happen?
Did you have any warning that this could happen?
The squirrel is hibernating.
This squirrel is hibernating.
What would happen if you didn't go to school tomorrow?
What happened to Tom could've happened to me.
We'll just have to wait until something happens.
This will never happen again. You have my word.
This has happened before and it'll happen again.
They didn't know that this was going to happen.
That's exactly how it happened three years ago.
I have a pretty good idea what happened there.
I don't understand why these things happen.
I don't expect that to happen anytime soon.
Would you care for another sandwich?
You're the best thing that's happened to me.
What happened when you got home last night?
That's why this is never going to happen again.
I'm sorry that happened to you.
I want to see exactly what's happening.
I know someday this will happen to you, too.
I have a feeling that something big is about to happen.
Do you think Tom is responsible for what happened?
Do you happen to know when Tom is coming?
Can you imagine what'll happen if Tom sees you?
Would you like another sandwich?
Stop stealing my sentences.
This is my sandwich.
Don't touch my sandwich.
I enjoyed our trip together.
Give me your sandwich.
I won't give you my sandwich.
Just try to act as if nothing has happened.
If anything's going to happen, it should happen soon.
I'm not going to let anything bad happen to you.
I was trying to make sense of what had happened.
I have no idea what'll happen tomorrow.
I happen to be a pretty good judge of character.
I had nothing to do with what happened here today.
I don't know why you're so shocked this happened.
Has something happened that I should know about?
After what happened, I would've thought Tom would go back to Boston.
That won't happen for another three years or so.
Something must've happened to change Tom's mind.
Since when do you care about what happens?
Since when do you care about what happens to us?
Maybe we could've prevented this from happening.
Life was so much simpler before all that happened.
Let's see what happens if we let Tom do what he wants.
I'm just kidding. That really didn't happen.
I thought something had happened to you.
I don't know what happened after we left.
I like sandwiches.
Would you like to talk about what just happened?
Why do you suppose all this is happening to you?
Whatever happens to Tom is his fault, not yours.
Well, aren't you going to tell us what happened?
We've got to make sure that doesn't happen.
We should probably let Tom know what's happened.
We need to keep Tom posted about what's happening.
Things like this aren't supposed to happen here.
That's what the experts said happened.
I want to go to Australia once again before my passport expires.
You're not going to believe what happened today.
You want to know what happened to me, don't you?
You try it and see what happens.
To be honest, I'm not exactly sure what happened.
This is the best thing that has ever happened to me.
There's something very bad about to happen.
There's no sign of anything happening in there.
The odds against that happening are astronomical.
That's not happening till October 20th.
Something interesting happened at school today.
Nobody was ready for what happened.
If something happens, don't say I didn't warn you.
I've seen it happen too many times already.
I've found out what's been happening.
I'm just here to tell you what's going to happen.
I'm going to try to see that that doesn't happen.
I'd still like to know what happened here last Monday.
I was hoping you might have seen how it happened.
I want to hear everything that's happened to you.
I need you to help me figure out what's happened.
I need you to help me figure out my income taxes.
I happened to be in the neighborhood, so I dropped in to see how Tom was doing.
I happen to be in love with you.
I can't tell you what's going to happen.
I apologize for whatever's about to happen.
Do you realize what would happen if you did that?
Do you know what would happen if you did that?
Did anything interesting happen at school today?
A lot has happened while you've been gone.
A great deal has happened while you've been away.
When I heard what happened, I started crying.
What's supposed to happen on Monday?
What's supposed to happen at 2:30?
What'll happen if Tom doesn't take his medicine?
If it happens again, please let me know right away.
If I'd been here, none of this would've happened.
I had nothing to do with what happened last night.
I don't understand how it could've happened.
I don't suppose you happen to know where Tom lives?
I don't know what would happen if I ever lost you.
Did Tom happen to tell you how he plans to do that?
Believe it or not, this has happened to me many times before.
A funny thing happened to me on the way here today.
You've got to tell me when that's going to happen.
You're going to have to talk about what happened.
What would happen if I stopped taking this medicine?
What happened to Tom could happen to us.
We're trying to determine what happened.
Tom is confused about what just happened.
This is the best thing that's ever happened to me.
The same thing happened to me once.
The funniest thing happened to me on the way here.
That's something that doesn't happen a lot.
Right now, I'm more worried what may happen to you than what may happen to me.
None of what's happening today has anything to do with me.
I still can't help wondering what happened to Tom.
I guess you'd like to know how it all happened.
Do you happen to know when Tom is coming back?
All that happened without me knowing about it?
You don't think that's going to happen, do you?
We won't let anything happen to you, I promise.
I'm not sure that what I remember is what actually happened.
I'd like to hear your version of what happened.
I wish I could stop thinking about what's happened.
I wasn't expecting it to happen so soon.
I want to know what's happening tomorrow.
I thought I'd check out what's happening in Boston.
I think I know how to keep it from happening again.
I happen to know a lot more about this than you might think.
I happen to know a lot more about this than you do.
I didn't mean for it to happen this way.
Has anything like this ever happened to you before?
Everything happens the way it's supposed to happen.
Everyone in the room was stunned by what happened.
Do you know how to prevent it from happening again?
Do you have any idea what'll happen if Tom does that?
You'll call me if anything happens, right?
You wouldn't happen to have any coffee left, would you?
What happened in Boston wasn't your fault.
We're still trying to determine what happened.
That's exactly the way it happened. I swear.
I'm going to try not to let it happen.
I'd be lying to say I was surprised it happened.
I hope you'll tell me everything that happens.
I guess things like this happen all the time in Boston.
I don't care if it happens or not.
Did you hear what happened at school last Monday?
Did you happen to hear what Tom and Mary were talking about?
Can you tell us what happened at school last Monday?
If you'd been here this wouldn't have happened.
If you know what's happening, why won't you tell me?
If this ever happens again, I'll probably get fired.
I'm not just going to wait around and see what happens.
I regret what happened here yesterday as much as you do.
Why do you like Boston so much?
Why do you like Boston?
If a sentence may mean anything you want it to mean, it is meaningless.
He had an unfriendly attitude.
She thinks her job is pointless.
I fear there aren't many people in the audience who have the same viewpoint.
The young writer won unparalleled success.
I wonder how long it'll take for the mistake to be noticed.
I think we get some communication problems here.
The number people are extremely magnetic. They attract others to them and they are loved and often worshipped by those under them.
That's not the only problem with your idea.
A fool is like a drum — beaten by anyone passing by.
Tom got worried when he learned about the medicine's side effects.
It sucks when no one replies back.
She's a musicologist.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
A man can make mistakes, but only an idiot persists in his error.
Readers are plentiful; thinkers are rare.
We do not believe in immortality because we can prove it, but we try to prove it because we cannot help believing it.
You aren't very funny.
Why won't Tom listen to me?
Why is Tom learning French?
Why are you protecting Tom?
Where did Tom go yesterday?
You think I'm not as sophisticated as you, don't you?
Tom's very sophisticated.
Tom was unsophisticated.
Tom was sophisticated.
Tom seems unsophisticated.
Tom seems sophisticated.
Tom plays with toys that are more sophisticated than what Mary plays with.
Tom never was sophisticated.
Tom looks quite sophisticated for his age.
Tom isn't very sophisticated.
Tom isn't sophisticated.
Tom is quite unsophisticated.
Tom is quite sophisticated.
Tom is extremely sophisticated.
Tom is becoming more sophisticated.
Tom is a pretty sophisticated guy.
This isn't very sophisticated technology.
This is a very sophisticated device.
This is a sophisticated instrument.
They've got nothing this sophisticated.
They're making very sophisticated weapons.
Mary is a sophisticated lady.
I think Tom's unsophisticated.
I think it's a little more sophisticated than that.
I can bring in some more sophisticated equipment if you think we need it.
Do you think Tom is unsophisticated?
Do you think Tom is sophisticated?
Freemasonry is a belief in a higher power.
We're all inexperienced.
I believe your statement is incorrect.
No need to apologize; I understand.
I don't think this is the best time for us to talk.
Tom was riveted to the floor out of fear, when he came across an intruder in his study.
He was looking for a fight.
They were looking for a fight.
A large asteroid was responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Campers scampered to higher ground when their campsite was engulfed in water.
Comets are made from ice and rock.
We can't leave Tom behind.
The Chicxulub crater in Mexico may have been created by the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs.
The horse is black.
Do you still remember your first plane trip?
That sounds weird, but it's true.
It may sound like a lie, but it's the truth.
Tom was observing the sky with his telescope when he discovered a mysterious new object.
The Milky Way is a faint river of light that stretches across the sky.
The Galilean moons are the four moons of Jupiter that were discovered by Galileo Galilei in the 17th century.
The four Galilean moons are called: Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto.
My bonsai, which is the cherry tree, is starting to bloom.
There's a black hole at the center of our galaxy.
One of Jupiter's moons, Ganymede, is larger than the planet Mercury.
The old woman was collecting firewood in the forest.
Can you give me a slice of bread?
Wisdom is to the soul what health is to the body.
Funeral pomp is more for the vanity of the living than for the honor of the dead.
Global warming will cause coastal flooding.
Take my horse.
A solar eclipse is when the Moon blocks the light from the Sun.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
How can we expect another to keep our secret if we have been unable to keep it ourselves?
Is this program compatible with Windows XP?
I wounded myself in the foot.
He's familiar with the city's mayor.
My grandpa gets sicker by the day.
Don't ask, and I won't lie.
Please get out of the way so this lady can get through.
We should still wait.
I don't like samba.
I saw grandpa two or three times a week.
I'm concerned about him.
I'm concerned about her.
