How well did you really know Tom?
Why did you marry Tom?
Was that guy Tom?
Did anyone else come into the room?
Why haven't you cleaned your room?
Didn't I tell you not to leave your room?
Can we go to your room?
What did it all mean?
Is Tom a vegetarian?
Did you know Tom was a vegetarian?
Don't you think Tom looks like an old man?
Do you know that man?
Do you still need a loan?
Did you ask Tom where he'd been?
How did you feel then?
What should I do until then?
What do I do till then?
What'll you do then?
What will you say then?
Are your fingers broken?
Was the door open?
When do the shops open?
Why doesn't something happen?
Why did that happen?
Why don't you be quiet and listen?
Do you realize how late it's gotten?
Do you like this design?
Was his name Tom or John?
Why did you turn me in?
Who let you come in?
What's it called again?
Did you forget to sign your name again?
Did you forget that again?
Should we try it again?
Please give me a chance to explain.
Can you at least give me a chance to explain?
Can you give me something for the pain?
Are you in a lot of pain?
How late was the train?
Well, where do I begin?
What was Tom working on?
What're you working on?
What's really going on?
How can I go on?
Who asked your opinion?
Don't expect everyone to share that opinion.
Where do you think Tom wants to spend his summer vacation?
Did you receive Tom's invitation?
Do you think Tom will accept my invitation?
Is everything in position?
What made you ask that question?
What's the solution?
Do you want to play tennis with me this afternoon?
Why is it important to be at the meeting this afternoon?
Do you know why Tom wasn't at the meeting this afternoon?
What do you want to do this afternoon?
Do you feel like playing tennis this afternoon?
Did you go to your dance class this afternoon?
Does Tom want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Can I count on your help tomorrow afternoon?
Will you be finished soon?
When was the last time you visited Boston?
How long have you lived in Boston?
How long ago was it that you lived in Boston?
What do you think Tom did in Boston?
How long did Tom say he'd be in Boston?
Have you spent a lot of time in Boston?
Did you know that Tom used to live in Boston?
Did you know Tom used to live in Boston?
How long have you and Tom been living in Boston?
Did you know that Tom was living in Boston?
Why is Tom still in Boston?
How long was Tom in Boston?
How long has Tom been in Boston?
Did you know Tom was in Boston?
Do you know anybody who lives in Boston?
How long will Tom stay in Boston?
Were you there when Tom told Mary he was going to Boston?
How did you know Tom was going to Boston?
Why are you going to Boston?
Why should I go to Boston?
Why wouldn't you let me go to Boston?
How did you know I wanted to go to Boston?
Why does Tom have to go to Boston?
How long will it take to get to Boston?
Are you sure this is where we're supposed to turn?
Wouldn't that be fun?
Who fired the gun?
How fast can you run?
Shouldn't we slow down?
What else should I do?
Well, what should I do?
What did Tom think you should do?
What do you think you should do?
What else should we do?
What else would we do?
What should Tom do?
Is there anything else I need to do?
What do you think I need to do?
What was it Tom wanted to do?
What do you think you have to do?
Do you want something to do?
What else are you planning to do?
Do you think Tom will do what we've asked him to do?
Did Tom do what you asked him to do?
What is it that Tom wants to do?
Did Tom know what to do?
Do Tom and Mary know what to do?
Are you really sure that this is what you want to do?
Did Tom ever tell you what he wanted you to do?
What does that do?
What else could you do?
What could you do?
Don't expect everyone to think the same way you do.
What else did they do?
What do you usually do?
Why can't I go?
Where did Tom say he thought we should go?
Where did Tom say we should go?
Is there anything else we need to do before we go?
Why should Tom go?
Where else was I to go?
Why do you need to go?
Where did Tom say he wanted to go?
Where am I going to go?
Where is it that Tom wants to go?
Where did Tom want to go?
Would you like me to ask Tom why he doesn't want to go?
Where did my driver go?
Why didn't they go?
Was that a yes or a no?
Is Tom going, too?
Who was the man you were talking to?
Who was Tom talking to?
Who's the guy Tom is talking to?
Who's Tom whispering to?
Who are you writing to?
Who did that belong to?
Who is it that Tom wants to talk to?
Why is music so fun to listen to?
What has Tom been up to?
Who are you selling your car to?
Who was the man you were sitting next to?
What's your golf handicap?
How can I sleep?
Is Tom still asleep?
Was Tom asleep?
Are the children asleep?
Are the children already asleep?
Are the children really asleep?
Do you still need help?
Can't you see I need a little help?
Will you let me help?
Why wouldn't you let me help?
Do you need any more help?
Do you really think that'll help?
Do you know anybody who can help?
What do you think we can do to help?
What can I possibly do to help?
Can't you see that Tom needs your help?
Do you think you'll need Tom's help?
Don't tell me you're just going to give up?
Can I help you clean up?
Is there room for me in your car?
How many people can fit in your car?
Why wouldn't you let me drive your car?
How many spare keys do you have for your car?
Does Tom often borrow your car?
How long have you owned this car?
Why did Tom buy a new car?
What do you think of Tom's new car?
Where did I park my car?
What did Tom think you should wear?
Does that sound familiar?
Does this look familiar?
Are you sure you don't remember?
What's the first thing you remember?
Does anybody here know Tom's phone number?
Who's the highest bidder?
Is everything in order?
What more can we offer?
Who's the manager?
Do you think we should've stayed a little longer?
Would it be OK if we stayed a little longer?
Is Tom feeling stronger?
Is Tom still a teacher?
How long have you been a teacher?
Who do you think is a better driver, your mother or your father?
Remember when we were little and played together?
Are you and Tom working together?
Did you all go shopping together?
When was the last time you and I saw each other?
How do you and Tom know each other?
When was the last time you went shopping with your mother?
Who do you think is a better cook, you or your mother?
Did you know that Tom was Mary's brother?
Do you consider yourself a fluent French speaker?
Why can't I go to Boston next summer?
What do you want to do next summer?
Have you had your supper?
Who's the loser?
How do I get to the theater?
What's Tom after?
What could be the matter?
Why does it matter?
Does that really matter?
Is Tom any better?
Is that peanut butter?
Do you want to come over?
Have you looked in the bottom drawer?
Who do you think can tell us the answer?
Who do you think will know the answer?
Did you know that Tom used to be a professional baseball player?
Did you know Tom used to be a professional baseball player?
Why do I need a lawyer?
Should I have a lawyer?
Are you sure you don't want to get your own lawyer?
Which one of you is Tom's lawyer?
Why do you need a comb if you have no hair?
What are Tom and Mary here for?
Who would you vote for?
What was I looking for?
What're we looking for?
Who are we working for?
Who are we waiting for?
What did I do that for?
What is it for?
Did you get what you went for?
Who's the party for?
Would the last one out please close the door?
Are you the only one who has a key to this door?
Why do you need a doctor?
Which one of you is Tom's doctor?
Who's calling at this hour?
Do you know which suitcase is Tom's?
Did you know that Tom was a friend of Mary's?
Did Tom ever tell you what he wanted for Christmas?
Where are our friends?
What do you usually do on weekends?
Did Tom ever tell you where he hid the diamonds?
Who wrote these messages?
Do you like my clothes?
Who are those young ladies?
Where would you like us to put these supplies?
Do you like to play games?
What's in those cases?
How do you like your French classes?
Were there any witnesses?
How long have you and Tom been roommates?
Where did you hide my cigarettes?
Are you sure this is where Tom lives?
Does anybody here know where Tom lives?
Why do we have to pay taxes?
What's in these boxes?
What are your beliefs?
Where should I put my bags?
Where can I put my bags?
Where do I put my bags?
Is that really all there is?
Do you have any idea what this is?
Can you tell me where the flea market is?
Do you realize what time it is?
Have you ever read this?
What do you think caused this?
Was Tom the one who suggested this?
Was Tom the one who did this?
When did you find this?
Do you think Tom would like this?
Why would somebody want to live in a place like this?
Why would anybody live in a place like this?
Don't you like this?
Does anybody recognize this?
Were you aware of this?
Do you like doing this?
Do you need help doing this?
Why are you really doing this?
How long will we have to put up with this?
What's the point of all this?
Did you mean this?
Does Tom really want me to do this?
Why do you need to do this?
Could you please tell me how to do this?
Is there an easier way to do this?
Are you sure there isn't any easier way to do this?
Why do they do this?
Who put you up to this?
Shouldn't we stop this?
Do you think Tom would be able to repair this?
Am I responsible for this?
Whose house is this?
Whose golf bag is this?
Who brought this?
Do you think we shouldn't have told Tom about this?
Do you think we should've talked to Tom about this?
Does anybody else know about this?
Could you please tell me where to put this?
Did you know this?
Do you know this?
Who do you think can fix this?
Do you think Tom would know how to fix this?
Shouldn't we ask Tom what he thinks?
Don't you like girls?
Were there any problems?
Do you know Tom's plans?
Are there any objections?
Do you have any objections?
Do you need instructions?
Would you mind if I made a few suggestions?
Why do we need weapons?
Can you wiggle your ears?
Where are my officers?
Are Tom and John brothers?
Are they brothers?
Are they really soldiers?
Where are your quarters?
Are Mary and Alice sisters?
Are they sisters?
Are Mary and Alice really sisters?
Who wrote these letters?
Did you find your letters?
When was the last time you brought Mary flowers?
Do we have enough chairs?
Are there any survivors?
Were there any survivors?
Who do you think is the most beautiful girl in your class?
When's your first class?
Why is Tom so good at chess?
Do you know Tom's address?
What else did you miss?
What did you miss?
What do you think of the Mets?
Did Tom get any gifts?
What is it that Tom wants?
Where are the rest of the students?
What are Tom's main achievements?
Do you know Tom's parents?
Do you two have separate bank accounts?
Didn't I tell you that I was allergic to peanuts?
Will anyone believe us?
Won't Tom be joining us?
Why isn't Tom helping us?
Why aren't you planning on helping us?
Why did they search us?
Do you want to go swimming with us?
Are you going with us?
Don't you want to play volleyball with us?
Do you want to go to the mall with us?
Wouldn't you like to go with us?
Do you think Tom would want to go with us?
Does Tom want to go with us?
Do you want to go with us?
How long will Tom stay with us?
How long did Tom say he planned to stay with us?
Why can't Tom come to us?
Do you think Tom would help us?
Who do you think can help us?
Are you sure you can't help us?
Why should you help us?
Can't you help us?
Do you think you can do that for us?
Do you think Tom would be willing to do that for us?
Do you realize how much this is going to cost us?
How much will you pay us?
Isn't it delicious?
Aren't you even curious?
Isn't that curious?
Aren't you even a bit curious?
Wouldn't that be dangerous?
Do you think they might be dangerous?
Have you heard the good news?
Have you heard the news?
What was it like in those days?
What do you usually do on Mondays?
Do I have to do what Tom says?
What were they laughing at?
Who are you looking at?
What're you smiling at?
What're you getting at?
Where do you think we should eat?
Wouldn't you like to go out and get something to eat?
Would you like to go get something to eat?
Did you buy anything to eat?
What is it that Tom wants to eat?
What do you think Tom will want to eat?
Where did Tom want to eat?
Why don't you eat meat?
What do you think of this hat?
Do you think you'll need that?
Have you considered that?
Do you have any idea why Tom did that?
Why can't you see that?
Why would I ever do something like that?
Why would somebody do something like that?
What made you ask me that?
Why do you ask me that?
Who would've done that?
Who would believe that?
Were you aware of that?
Why is Tom still doing that?
Why was Tom doing that?
Why are you planning on doing that?
Does it bother you that Tom is doing that?
What should I do with that?
Why did you think that?
What made you ask that?
What's all that?
Who told Tom that?
What made you ask Tom that?
Why is Tom so interested in that?
Who said you could do that?
Who do you think should do that?
Why shouldn't we do that?
Why would I need to do that?
Why do I need to do that?
Why should I take the time to do that?
Why would anybody be willing to do that?
How did you know Tom was going to do that?
Who gave you permission to do that?
Why should you want to do that?
Didn't I tell you not to do that?
Didn't I warn you not to do that?
Would you ever do that?
Why should you do that?
Will you do that?
Did Tom really do that?
Is it as bad as that?
What language was that?
What on earth was that?
Who on earth is that?
How cool is that?
How did you guess that?
What else do you know about that?
Was Tom the one who gave you that?
When did I give you that?
When did I tell you that?
Did someone tell you that?
Did Tom know that?
Do you know that?
Do you think you can fix that?
Did you understand what I meant by that?
Why did Tom buy that?
Are you going to buy that?
Do we have enough money to buy that?
What else did you expect?
Where can we meet?
What books did you get?
Why can't you be quiet?
Why is everyone so quiet?
Why is Tom being so quiet?
Do you want me to pick up anything at the supermarket?
How long has Tom been playing the clarinet?
Why haven't you cooked dinner yet?
Why haven't you talked to Tom about this yet?
Have you finished writing your reports yet?
Why haven't you done that yet?
Are you the only ones left?
Why do I have to fight?
Did you really stay home all night?
How late do you stay up at night?
Could we talk about last night?
How late did you stay at the party last night?
Do you still need a babysitter for Monday night?
Would you have dinner with me tonight?
How are you feeling tonight?
You're in third grade, right?
We love each other, right?
Couldn't Tom read it?
Didn't you notice it?
Will you take it?
How did you know Tom wasn't going to like it?
Didn't I tell you Tom wouldn't like it?
Where's the rest of it?
Why are you denying it?
Will you risk it?
Don't you feel it?
What would you call it?
What makes you think I won't be able to do it?
Don't you trust me to do it?
Are you sure this is the right way to do it?
Don't you hear it?
Why did you ask for it?
Your memory hasn't improved much, has it?
How long ago was it?
What kind of emergency was it?
It doesn't look good, does it?
It doesn't look very fun, does it?
That isn't really going to happen, is it?
How late is it?
What kind of dog is it?
Whose plan is it?
What time of day is it?
This tastes pretty good, doesn't it?
This is pretty good, isn't it?
This is a lot of fun, isn't it?
This is a special day, isn't it?
How did you get it?
What did you tell Tom about it?
Why should I wait?
Can't you help me just a little bit?
What did Tom think of your outfit?
What do you think of this outfit?
Where did Tom want to sit?
When was the last time Tom came to visit?
How long was your visit?
Where did you learn to babysit?
Why is everything so difficult?
How did you like the food at that restaurant?
What more does Tom want?
Which one do you think Tom is going to want?
What else did you want?
What more do they want?
What do women really want?
Did you know that Tom would be absent?
Who else was present?
Where did Tom want to pitch the tent?
Where do you think we should pitch our tent?
Does anyone know where Tom went?
Well, what's the point?
What else have you got?
Will you come or not?
Well, where do I start?
What time yesterday was the concert?
Are you coming to my concert?
How long did it take you to write this report?
Does Tom want me to drive him to the airport?
Do you think Tom would be able to pick Mary up at the airport?
Where did you hide my passport?
Where did you put my passport?
Who won the contest?
Why is Tom's name not on the list?
Who's next on the list?
Should I see a specialist?
Do you consider yourself a good guitarist?
Why would that be considered sexist?
How much money do you think that'll cost?
What will it all cost?
How much did all this cost?
How much will all this cost?
What does it cost?
Shouldn't we ask Tom first?
Who'd like to go first?
Why don't you go first?
Where did Tom get his hair cut?
How did you make out?
When was the last time you ate out?
Why did you go out?
How did you find that out?
Did Tom say what the meeting would be about?
Do you think anyone will be able to overhear what we're talking about?
What should we do next?
Have I offended you?
When was the last time I visited you?
Have I disappointed you?
When was the last time I told you I loved you?
You didn't complain, did you?
You wouldn't be lying to me, would you?
If someone paid you to kill Tom, would you?
Don't expect everyone to like you.
You're not in a hurry, are you?
What kind of man are you?
What do you think of the gift Tom gave you?
You haven't broken anything, have you?
You haven't seen Tom, have you?
Why is Tom afraid of you?
Why's it bothering you?
Don't expect everyone to agree with you.
Should I come with you?
Why can't I go with you?
Would you like me to go with you?
Can I get a lift back to the city with you?
Didn't I warn you?
You don't have much, do you?
You have no idea how to do this, do you?
When did I ever lie to you?
Would you like me to read it to you?
Why should we help you?
Why does it bother you?
Would you like me to carry your suitcase for you?
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Is there anything special I can do for you?
What kind of briefcase do you want me to buy for you?
You can do this, can't you?
You are a friend of Tom's, aren't you?
You've spoken with Tom since I have, haven't you?
You think you know me pretty well, don't you?
You do want me to help you, don't you?
You know the way, don't you?
Do you remember what you were wearing the first time I met you?
What have I taught you?
Did you like the picture I sent you?
Did you get what I sent you?
When did I ever hurt you?
Was that all you saw?
Can I make myself useful somehow?
What have I missed now?
Do you understand me now?
Do you want to go home now?
Do we really need to leave now?
Am I supposed to leave now?
Are we leaving now?
Where are Tom and his family living now?
Shouldn't you be at work now?
Are you in much pain now?
Do we have to go now?
Why can't you go now?
Why bring it up now?
How do you know that's where Tom is now?
What'll happen to us now?
Do we really need to do that now?
Do you have any idea where Tom might be right now?
Where are we right now?
Where do you think Tom is right now?
Are you sure you want to do this right now?
Shouldn't you rest now?
Is everything ready now?
Where's Tom's family now?
Aren't you happy now?
Don't you know?
Do Tom and Mary know?
Can I count on you being at the meeting tomorrow?
What time's our meeting tomorrow?
Do we want to play football tomorrow?
Well, what's in the box?
What else was in the box?
What do you think is in this box?
Where did I put that box?
Isn't today your birthday?
What do you think I should give Tom for his birthday?
Do you really want to stay until Monday?
Didn't anybody tell you that you didn't have to be here today?
Why isn't Tom here today?
Do you know why Tom isn't here today?
Why is Tom not here today?
Why is it so important to be there today?
Why is it important to be there today?
Why do we have to work late today?
Is Tom well enough to work today?
Is Tom well enough to go to school today?
Where's Tom today?
What did you learn today?
What should we do today?
When did you wake up today?
Is Tom any better today?
Did you eat breakfast today?
Can you come home early today?
Why did you stay at home yesterday?
Were you both here yesterday?
Who was here yesterday?
Do you know why Tom wasn't here yesterday?
Why didn't you come to school yesterday?
What did you and Tom do yesterday?
Why do you think Tom was absent yesterday?
Why should I pay?
How much do I have to pay?
What could I say?
What am I going to say?
What does it say?
Where do you think we should stay?
Why do it the hard way?
Why do you feel that way?
Are you sure this is the right way?
Why did you go away?
Did Tom get away?
Why is Tom here anyway?
Are we all ready?
Are you still not ready?
Has Tom finished already?
Haven't I told you everything already?
What exactly are they?
Where were they?
Do you know where Tom hid the money?
Why is it important to save money?
What did you do with our money?
What happened to all that money?
Who should I notify?
Do I seem untrustworthy?
Does Tom know why?
Wouldn't that be unlikely?
Did you know Tom was lonely?
Who said you could go home early?
Have you spent a lot of time in therapy?
Have you tried hypnotherapy?
Did you know Tom was unhappy?
What do you think Tom told Mary?
What makes you think Tom doesn't like Mary?
Do you have any idea why Tom doesn't like Mary?
Do you know why Tom doesn't like Mary?
Do you know how Tom is related to Mary?
Was Tom laughing at Mary?
Why did Tom marry Mary?
Did you notice anything out of the ordinary?
Is that absolutely necessary?
Is that really necessary?
Why aren't you hungry?
Do you recognize any of this jewelry?
Is that satisfactory?
Do you think this job is easy?
Do you think my job is easy?
Don't you think Tom might be busy?
Are there many clubs in your city?
What's Australia's third largest city?
Does Tom have a learning disability?
Did you notify security?
Do you feel guilty?
Don't tell me you're not going to Tom's party?
Why can't I go to Tom's party?
Why wouldn't you let me go to Tom's party?
Who else was at Tom's party?
Does Tom really want me to come to his party?
Does Tom know why you weren't at his party?
Which one do you think Tom is going to buy?
Are you sure this is what Tom wanted us to buy?
Did you buy what I asked you to buy?
What books did you buy?
Who's the little guy?
Has everyone gone crazy?
There's no way to polish a hedgehog.
I'm sorry, I did my best.
He has made an about-face.
He has made a turnaround of a hundred and eighty degrees.
He let out an exaggerated groan and put his hand on the doorknob.
I was ready.
Let's settle the matter without a mediator.
Who knows the answers?
The grammar of Esperanto is very easy.
Tom asked his father to help him make a snowman.
If you go out in weather like this, you risk frostbite.
Many Christian rituals have pagan origins.
I know you're tired, but wake up!
Because the saxophone wasn't invented until the mid-nineteenth century, it was unknown to Mozart or to Beethoven.
There is no heaven or hell. We can only live in the present.
The god of the Old Testament is a blood-thirsty tyrant — petty and vengeful.
Great thanks, friends.
My presence seems to be unnecessary.
Please do whatever seems best to you.
Do whatever you think is best.
I'll say that again so we're both absolutely clear about it.
After about five drinks, Tom's behaviour becomes unpredictable.
Who would you rather go out with, Tom or John?
When I grow up, I'm going to get married to Tom.
I wish everything Tom said was a lie.
What's the matter, Tom? Are you crying?
Is this yours, Tom?
Are these yours, Tom?
What is the meaning of that word?
Could you put your cup on a coaster?
What is written on this signboard?
What have you learned today?
What is written on that signboard?
They're doing it now.
I will catch the 9:train.
Given that the police are fully permitted (and possibly expected) to use lethal force when faced with an attacker wielding a deadly weapon, I fail to see how they can be held at fault for drawing their sidearms when the woman pulled a huge knife on them.
Let's toast to love!
She's lucky she didn't get shot.
Tom showed us a photo of his mother.
I got him to take my picture.
We're speaking English.
We're speaking Turkmen.
Are you back from Japan?
I'll get it back.
I'll get him back.
Everybody is here.
I like how he just lies there, doing nothing.
They started it.
You have to calm down.
Why isn't he sleeping?
We're speaking English here.
Come on, we're going from this place.
Why did you move here?
For how long have you been living here?
You have to see it.
It's hard to believe you.
It was seriously very interesting.
What did you do to each other?
What did we do to each other?
"What manner o' thing is your crocodile?" "It is shap'd, sir, like itself, and it is as broad as it hath breadth; it is just so high as it is, and moves with its own organs. It lives by that which nourisheth it, and the elements once out of it, it transmigrates." "What color is it of?" "Of its own color too." "'Tis a strange serpent." "'Tis so. And the tears of it are wet."
Tom was quite young at the time.
I think English is hard, but it's worth learning.
I love the way you say such things.
I love Japan, and Japanese girls of course.
I think I am evolving day by day.
What have we done to each other?
I'm not sure about my writing skills but if it is needed I will write that text for you.
I think English is really useful as a tool in the globalised world.
I really love watching anime and reading manga.
I like the English language, but I don't speak it well.
Possibly, it's true.
He spoke with me in English in order to show off.
She spoke with me in English in order to show off.
Life in Japan is expensive.
He has a heart disease.
Do not forget to attach your photo to the application form.
You got cheated.
Too much is too much!
On New Year's Eve, Putin thanked Russia's citizens for their willingness to stand for the country's interests.
When I saw the picture of my sister, I was astonished at how old she'd become.
When I saw my sister's picture, I was astonished at how old she'd become.
When I saw my sister's photo, I was astonished at how old she'd become.
On New Year's Eve, Putin thanked the citizens of the Russian Federation for their willingness to stand for the country's interests.
I hope my Spanish improves quickly.
What kind of time do you use it?
When do you use it?
The house could do with a lick of paint.
Did you get any sleep at all last night?
In what kind of situations would you use that sentence?
In what kind of situations would you do that?
I am a person in long-term recovery from drug addiction.
Tom was on edge waiting for news of how Mary's surgery went.
Do you have any idea of the position you're putting us in?
Mary is addicted to heroin.
She is a lively girl.
"My dog doesn't have a nose." "How does he smell?" "Terrible."
He was very impatient to see his daughter.
Have you heard what I said?
I like her picture.
I like his picture.
Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think that something like this would happen.
Mary becomes angry when Tom mentions her weight.
Mary became angry when Tom mentioned her weight.
Tom noticed how much weight Mary had put on.
Glory follows virtue as if it were its shadow.
I'm going to the post office now to get a few stamps.
Enter your username, followed by your password.
I support that idea.
I met Christine yesterday.
I got the bilingual dictionary for an unbelievably cheap price.
There are three intelligent species on the planet.
The house is in the village.
Dad and Mom went to the market.
Blood consists of erythrocytes, leukocytes, platelets, and plasma.
Today the weather is much better than yesterday.
It's just what I needed.
Don't close the door!
They ran.
I think your eyes are so beautiful.
Death cannot stop true love, all it can do is delay it for a while.
Is it okay if I spend the night over at a friend's house?
This is an absolute lie.
"Why are you wet?" "I fell in the water."
I thank you for the trust that you have expressed in me.
If I'd known what you were going to do, I'd've tried to stop you.
You don't know until you've had a child what pain you can feel when something happens to them.
I thank you for the trust expressed in me.
Who was born in Armenia is Armenian.
According to Fat Mario, The Enclosed Instruction Book is the best book ever.
Manoel is translating some sentences in this exact moment.
His girlfriend is Romanian.
They're Polish.
This horrible hot weather is killing me.
I prefer to drive a manual car, while my brother prefers an automatic.
Have the pixies done the washing up yet?
Don't worry. Everything's OK.
Tom has a lot of great ideas.
Tom likes Boston better than any other place where he's lived.
It only takes a little to make you feel at home.
I ate lots of delicious, juicy ham last Christmas.
Perhaps I am the worst singer in the universe!
For people who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they will like.
I think maybe you're right.
Are you determined to get a tattoo?
The bus was awfully crowded.
They planted these trees.
I can't drink tea without sugar.
Tom has a very close relationship with his mother.
Don't drink beer before bedtime.
Manoel and Ricardo are two people that have fallen in love with languages.
Life's too short to drink bad wine.
Success can only be achieved through hard work.
Tom listed Mary as his next of kin on his travel insurance application.
Cyber bullying is rampant on social media and many teenagers attempt or commit suicide as a result of it.
Mary told Tom to go easy on the ice cream if he didn't want to get fat.
Mary felt very uneasy about not telling her parents that she was pregnant.
Zainab is very fat. She eats five meals a day. Zainab's weight is kg.
The sentence must have a predicate.
I like climbing.
Please do not feed the trolls.
You have a beautiful flat.
Bring something to drink.
Go on, show us what you can do.
Life today is much easier than in the past.
Life's too short to drink cheap wine.
Mary ate a quarter of the cake.
Hackers were able to break into the company's computer system and undermine its network security.
Tom's due any minute now.
Tom's due to arrive any minute.
My teacher is too bookish.
He had his secretary translate the letter to English.
I like cooking and reading.
Fifty brave knights were ready for the great battle.
Tom experienced strong peer pressure to dabble in drugs when he was a teenager.
Much can be learned by observing how a child interacts at play with other children.
When I came home, my father had already been there.
Move your finger left or right to see another animal.
I am here on holiday.
I am here in transit.
I am here for twelve days.
I believe you managed to free yourself.
You're hungry.
You should have told me sooner.
That was foreseeable.
I see that your appetite has returned.
My surname is 'Wang.'
Try to appear happy.
You are reading my thoughts.
Winter is snow time.
Give me her picture.
Give me his picture.
Tom finds it hard to live on his income.
There's no love lost between Tom and his brother.
Kimi smiled — I can't believe it!
Mary was two weeks past her due date, so the doctor induced labour.
Whenever he went to the bathroom, he would bring along a Mort & Phil comic book.
I don't know where she went.
You have a beautiful apartment.
Tom is a good friend of Marie.
The bear was eating an apple.
I know the sentence must start with a noun.
This painting by Rembrandt is a work of art.
My uncle gave me a book yesterday. Here is the book.
An olive branch symbolises peace.
All French wear berets.
You must be in possession of a valid ticket.
Although he is Chinese, he doesn't speak Chinese.
No one will find out.
The douche fell asleep!
It's the most sophisticated model on the market.
Especially during times of economic crisis, price becomes a dominant factor in deciding whether to buy any product.
Patience conquers all.
This happens to me too!
We translated the novel from Japanese to English.
No matter what happens, I'll support you.
I have a picture of the airport.
Spring passed and summer began.
You need to understand that prosperity doesn't last forever.
The roads of this city are in deplorable condition.
Popcorn is never recommended for infants or toddlers, as the kernels can pose a choking threat.
Open bag carefully and away from face, as bag, air and contents are very hot.
Set cooking time for minute seconds.
Why don't you try this? It's delicious, you know!
What are you doing for New Year?
Looks like today will be a long day.
"What time is it?" "2:30." "Really? I wanted to go to sleep early today, too."
I feel like learning Esperanto.
I feel like going out with her.
I feel like sleeping all day.
I don't feel like drinking tonight.
I hate math.
I hate mathematics.
Love is blind. Hate is also blind.
We advertise our products on TV.
He seems to be interested in astronomy.
Everyone looks tired.
You have a very good memory.
It'll be Christmas soon.
It looks like the wind's getting stronger.
After I had left the house, I realized that the key was still in the house.
In Esperanto, the final vowel of a noun or of the definite article can be left out and replaced by an apostrophe.
All three of you are very lucky.
The fact is we don't know what's going on around us.
Normally, it takes years.
You're up very early this morning. Do you have something to do?
It seems like you're in a bad mood this morning.
That's an interesting proposal. I'll think about it.
You should say what you think.
Which month is it now?
There are many pictures in this book.
There were two small cakes.
He believes that he is rich.
I forgot to take my bag.
Wait for me in front of the house.
I prefer to ride a bike.
Where do comets come from?
Today's a bit too hot for my liking.
Is everything to your liking?
Don't let it get you down.
She said she'll let her hair grow long.
Tom was like a bear with a sore head for weeks after quitting smoking cold turkey.
Let go of the dog.
Don't let go of the green rope.
Tom underwent hypnotherapy to help him give up smoking.
Let me know when you're coming back.
Let's face it, he's not going to change his mind.
I can't even speak Portuguese, let alone English.
I drink coffee instead of milk.
I didn't see that one coming!
They're wearing very expensive rings.
Which high school do you attend?
She looked at the painting.
She entrusted the care of her child to her aunt.
We've had much more snow this winter than is normally the case.
I need an answer from you before the end of the day.
You were always in my thoughts.
Interpretation is the art of taking a spoken text in one language and converting it into a spoken text in another language.
Tom only had a faint inkling of what Mary was talking about.
There was still a glimmer of hope that everything would be alright.
What a peculiar contraption! What on earth is that for?
The pencil is blunt. It needs sharpening.
Chomsky is a structural linguist.
She said goodbye to me.
That work needs to be finished by evening.
My mosquito bites are itching. Do you have anything I can put on them?
I'm itching from mosquito bites. Do you have any ointment?
After working in the hot sun all afternoon, Tom looked hot and tired.
Tom looked hot and tired, so I offered him a cold drink and told him to sit down and rest.
Tom looked hot and tired as he crossed the finish line.
Who put the hit out on Tom?
It was an accident!
He was a millionaire a long time ago.
I started writing a book.
I started to write a book.
The rain already stopped.
I give you my word on that.
I got married on June first.
Every family decorates a fir tree for the new year.
The flowers are wilting.
There are four lights!
He valued the professor's advice.
Watch out! The car almost ran over you.
The tire is low.
The tire needs air.
Short hair looks better on you.
You look better with short hair.
Short hair looks better on her.
She looks better with short hair.
Short hair looks better on him.
He looks better with short hair.
We would need money.
The youth eat in the garden.
The envious die, but envy never does.
Envious people die, but envy never does.
The meeting is about to let out.
The meeting is almost over.
The meeting is nearly over.
The meeting is just about done.
And now who's going to clean everything?
Divide and rule!
Any of them or none of them?
The party went till midnight, and there was a lot of cleaning up to do afterwards.
Tom had a massive crush on the girl next door when he was a kid.
Tom's virtually admitted that it was his fault.
Tom didn't want to let the opportunity pass him by.
Allegations of sexual impropriety were levelled against the headmaster.
This has already been happening for a few months.
I like the Kurdish language.
I don't think I've ever been happier.
I don't think I've ever been this happy in my entire life!
Stay here a moment.
Your readers will appreciate it.
Your readers will thank you.
We talked for a long time.
You can't go in with this.
You can't come in with this.
Strength is found in calmness.
He should learn Esperanto.
She should learn Esperanto.
You should learn Esperanto.
The coffee is just the way I like it.
Soon you'll recover fully.
The wind and rain put out the fire.
The wind and the rain put out the fire.
Yesterday I visited Tom's house.
The smell was horrible.
The smell was terrible.
He has writing talent.
There's nothing that we can do to stop him.
He has talent in writing.
There's nothing that we can do to stop her.
She has talent in writing.
She has writing talent.
Even my mom knows it.
One day, when he was in a merry mood, the demon made a looking-glass which had the power of making everything good or beautiful that was reflected in it almost shrink to nothing, while everything that was worthless and bad looked increased in size and worse than ever.
This old building was beautiful.
No one translates my phrases.
If it rains tomorrow, I'm not going.
That is strictly prohibited.
That is strictly forbidden.
He preaches to deaf ears.
His words fall on deaf ears.
They were not brother and sister, but they loved each other as much as if they had been.
Life is a constant search.
They were not brother and sister, but they loved each other almost as much as if they had been.
The parents of these children had each a large wooden box in which they cultivated kitchen herbs for their own use, and a little rose-bush in each box, which grew splendidly.
Savings start tomorrow!
The parents of each child had a large wooden box in which grew herbs for kitchen use, and they had placed these boxes upon the gutter, so near that they almost touched each other.
When I saw him, he was still young.
She prepared lunch.
She got lunch ready.
Honesty is a great virtue.
Humility is a forgotten virtue.
That was our only comfort.
In winter, the windows were sometimes quite frozen over. But then the boy and the girl would warm copper pennies on the stove, and hold the warm pennies against the frozen pane; there would be very soon a little round hole through which they could peep, and the soft bright eyes of the little boy and girl would beam through the hole at each window as they looked at each other.
That was my only comfort.
That was our only consolation.
That was my only consolation.
He was a good friend of mine.
He was my good friend.
"See there are the white bees swarming," said Kay's old grandmother one day when it was snowing.
Sometimes on a winter's night the Snow Queen flies through the streets of the town, and breathes with her frosty breath upon the windows, and then they are covered with strange and beautiful forms, like trees and flowers.
Often at midnight the Snow Queen flies through the streets of the town, and looks in at the windows, then the ice freezes on the panes into wonderful shapes, that look like flowers and castles.
"Can the Snow Queen come in here?" asked the little girl.
Then the grandmother smoothed his hair and told him some more tales.
And the grandmother stroked his hair and told him some stories.
A few flakes of snow were falling, and one of them, rather larger than the rest, alighted on the edge of one of the flower boxes.
The snow-flake appeared larger and larger, and at last took the form of a lady dressed in the finest white crape, her attire being composed of millions of star-like particles. She was exquisitely fair and delicate, but entirely of ice, glittering, dazzling ice; her eyes gleamed like two bright stars.
This snow-flake grew larger and larger, till at last it became the figure of a woman, dressed in garments of white gauze, which looked like millions of starry snow-flakes linked together. She was fair and beautiful, but made of ice- shining and glittering ice. Still she was alive and her eyes sparkled like bright stars, but there was neither peace nor rest in their glance.
The little boy was frightened and jumped down from the chair.
The little boy was frightened and sprang from the chair.
On the following day there was a clear frost, and very soon came the spring. The sun shone; the young green leaves burst forth; the swallows built their nests; windows were opened, and the children sat once more in the garden on the roof, high above all the other rooms.
How beautiful the roses blossomed this summer.
The little girl had learnt a hymn in which roses were spoken of, and then she thought of their own roses, and she sang the hymn to the little boy, and he sang too.
They held each other by the hand, kissed the roses, and looked up into the blue sky, talking away all the time.
What glorious summer days were those! how delightful it was to sit under those rose-trees which seemed as if they never intended to stop blossoming!
One day, Kay and Gerda sat looking at a book full of pictures of animals and birds.
Mom, I don't want to go!
The little girl put her arm around his neck, and looked into his eye, but she could see nothing.
"I think it is gone," he said. But it was not gone.
Could you take a picture of me?
"Kay, what are you doing?" cried the little girl.
He began to mimic the speech and gait of persons in the street.
One winter's day, when it snowed, he brought out a burning-glass, then he held out the tail of his blue coat, and let the snow-flakes fall upon it. "Look in this glass, Gerda," said he; and she saw how every flake of snow was magnified, and looked like a beautiful flower or a glittering star.
Soon after this Kay came in again, with thick gloves on his hands, and his sledge slung across his back.
The boldest boys in the square used to fasten their sledges firmly to the wagons of the country people, and thus drive a good way along with them.
In the great square, the boldest among the boys would often tie their sledges to the country people's carts, and go with them a good way.
While they were all amusing themselves, a great sledge came by; it was painted white, and in it sat some one wrapped in a rough white fur, and wearing a white cap.
The snow began to fall so heavily that the little boy could not see a hand's breadth before him.
The snow began to fall so thickly that the little boy could not see his own hand.
He called out loudly, but nobody heard him.
Then he cried out as loud as he could, but no one heard him.
The boy was frightened, and tried to say a prayer, but he could remember nothing but the multiplication table.
The snow-flakes became larger and larger, till they appeared like great white chickens.
The snow-flakes seemed larger and larger, at last they looked like great white fowls.
The fur and the cap, which were made entirely of snow, fell off, and he saw a lady, tall and white, it was the Snow Queen.
"We have driven well," said she, "but why do you tremble? here, creep into my warm fur." Then she seated him beside her in the sledge, and as she wrapped the fur around him.
'We have driven fast!' said she, 'but no one likes to be frozen; creep under my bear-skin,' and she seated him in the sledge by her side, and spread her cloak around him.
"Are you still cold," she asked, as she kissed him on the forehead.
Oh! her kiss was colder than ice.
The Snow Queen kissed Kay again, and he entirely forgot little Gerda, her grandmother, and all at home.
"Now you must have no more kisses," she said.
In his eyes, she was perfect.
They flew over woods and lakes, over sea and land; below them roared the wild wind; the wolves howled and the snow crackled; over them flew the black screaming crows, and above all shone the moon, clear and bright.
The storm blew and howled as if it were singing old songs.
Many tears were shed for him, and little Gerda wept bitterly for a long time.
'Now you must have no more kisses!' said she, 'else I should kiss thee to death.'
Oh, indeed those long winter days were very dreary. But at last spring came, with warm sunshine.
At last came the spring, with its warm sunshine.
"He is dead and gone," she said to the sparrows. "We don't believe it," they replied.
I will give you my red shoes if you will give him back to me.
It seemed as if the waves nodded to her in a strange manner.
Then she took off her red shoes, which she liked better than anything else, and threw them both into the river.
Then little Gerda was very much frightened, and began to cry, but no one heard her except the sparrows.
The banks on each side of the river were very pretty. There were beautiful flowers, old trees, sloping fields, in which cows and sheep were grazing, but not a man to be seen.
She was rather afraid of the strange old woman.
Gerda was glad to be on dry land again, although she was a little afraid of the strange old lady.
"Come and tell me who you are," said she, "and how came you here."
Then Gerda told her everything, while the old woman shook her head, and said, "Hem-hem."
She slept in an elegant bed with red silk pillows, embroidered with colored violets; and then she dreamed as pleasantly as a queen on her wedding day.
The next day, and for many days after, Gerda played with the flowers in the warm sunshine.
Can the fire of the heart be extinguished in the flames of the funeral pile?
"I don't understand that at all," said little Gerda.
Near yonder narrow road stands an old knight's castle; thick ivy creeps over the old ruined walls, leaf over leaf, even to the balcony, in which stands a beautiful maiden. She bends over the balustrades, and looks up the road. No rose on its stem is fresher than she; no apple-blossom, wafted by the wind, floats more lightly than she moves. Her rich silk rustles as she bends over and exclaims, 'Will he not come?'
Between two trees a rope is hanging; there is a piece of board upon it; it is a swing. Two pretty little girls, in dresses white as snow, and with long green ribbons fluttering from their hats, are sitting upon it swinging.
There were three beautiful sisters, fair and delicate. The dress of one was red, of the second blue, and of the third pure white. Hand in hand they danced in the bright moonlight, by the calm lake.
Do the dancing maidens sleep, or are they dead? The scent of the flower says that they are corpses. The evening bell tolls their knell.
The bright warm sun shone on a little court, on the first warm day of spring. His bright beams rested on the white walls of the neighboring house; and close by bloomed the first yellow flower of the season, glittering like gold in the sun's warm ray.
"I can see myself, I can see myself," said the narcissus. "Oh, how sweet is my perfume!"
Oh, how dark and weary the whole world appeared!
Gerda was obliged to rest again, and just opposite the place where she sat, she saw a great crow come hopping across the snow toward her.
She kissed the crow, and hugged him almost to death with joy.
"Does he live with a princess?" asked Gerda.
I was disappointed because you weren't at home.
The coach was well stored with sweet cakes, and under the seat were fruit and gingerbread nuts.
At the door, she found a coach made of pure gold, with the coat-of-arms of the prince and princess shining upon it like a star.
Soup was boiling in a large cauldron.
"Where was the Snow Queen going? Do you know anything about it?" "She was most likely travelling to Lapland, where there is always snow and ice."
"Do you know where Lapland is?" she asked the reindeer.
He wrote this book in a very short time, spending just two weeks working on it.
During the weekends, she does housekeeping as a second job.
Are there any direct flights between Boston and Sydney?
Are these patriots forgotten?
Any chance of the parcel getting there by Saturday?
I am Charlie.
Different people have various skull shape
Do I need to book a seat?
I'd like to confirm my ticket.
I'd like to cancel my ticket.
I'd like to change my ticket.
Tom caught a slight cold.
The game was slow and boring.
Do you think it's going to rain today?
And he sees himself as a sailor.
This is of interest to no one.
No one finds this interesting.
My German is very limited.
No one is born wise, but many die stupid.
"Did you like the movie?" -- "Yes, a lot!"
I don't imbibe.
I lost everything I had so painstakingly collected over the years.
It was so terribly hot inside that that woman wore scarcely any clothes.
The woman loosened little Gerda's dress, and took off the fur boots and the mittens, or Gerda would have been unable to bear the heat; and then she placed a piece of ice on the reindeer's head.
Can't you give this little maiden something which will make her as strong as twelve men, to overcome the Snow Queen?
This is of interest to me.
"Can't you give this little maiden something which will make her as strong as twelve men, to overcome the Snow Queen?" "The Power of twelve men!" said the Finnish woman; "that would be of very little use."
Little Kay is really with the Snow Queen, but he finds everything there so much to his taste and his liking, that he believes it is the finest place in the world; but this is because he has a piece of broken glass in his heart, and a little piece of glass in his eye. These must be taken out, or he will never be a human being again, and the Snow Queen will retain her power over him.
"I can give her no greater power than she has already," said the woman; "don't you see how strong that is?"
She cannot receive any power from me greater than she now has, which consists in her own purity and innocence of heart.
Could you take my picture?
The cold was so great that she could see her own breath come out of her mouth like steam.
The walls of the palace were formed of drifted snow, and the windows and doors of the cutting winds.
Empty, vast, and cold were the halls of the Snow Queen.
The flickering flame of the northern lights could be plainly seen, whether they rose high or low in the heavens, from every part of the castle.
In the midst of its empty, endless hall of snow was a frozen lake, broken on its surface into a thousand forms; each piece resembled another, from being in itself perfect as a work of art, and in the centre of this lake sat the Snow Queen, when she was at home.
Just at this moment it happened that little Gerda came through the great door of the castle.
She threw her arms round his neck, and held him fast, while she exclaimed, "Kay, dear little Kay, I have found you at last."
Then little Gerda wept hot tears, which fell on his breast, and penetrated into his heart, and thawed the lump of ice, and washed away the little piece of glass which had stuck there.
Gerda, dear little Gerda, where have you been all this time, and where have I been?
Then Gerda kissed his cheeks, and they became blooming; and she kissed his eyes, and they shone like her own; she kissed his hands and his feet, and then he became quite healthy and cheerful.
Then they took each other by the hand, and went forth from the great palace of ice.
When they arrived at the bush with red berries, there stood the reindeer waiting for them, and he had brought another young reindeer with him.
Both the reindeer ran by their side, and followed them as far as the boundaries of the country, where the first green leaves were budding.
Then the birds began to twitter, and the forest too was full of green young leaves; and out of it came a beautiful horse.
A young girl was riding upon the horse, with a shining red cap on her head, and pistols in her belt.
"And the crow?" asked Gerda. "Oh, the crow is dead," she replied.
Stop crying!
They went upstairs into the little room, where all looked just as it used to do. The old clock was going "tick, tick," and the hands pointed to the time of day, but as they passed through the door into the room they perceived that they were both grown up, and become a man and woman.
The roses out on the roof were in full bloom, and peeped in at the window; and there stood the little chairs, on which they had sat when children; and Kay and Gerda seated themselves each on their own chair, and held each other by the hand, while the cold empty grandeur of the Snow Queen's palace vanished from their memories like a painful dream.
It was beautiful in the country, it was summer-time; the wheat was yellow, the oats were green, the hay was stacked up in the green meadow.
In a sunny spot stood a pleasant old farm-house close by a deep river, and from the house down to the water side grew great burdock leaves, so high, that under the tallest of them a little child could stand upright. The spot was as wild as the centre of a thick wood. In this snug retreat sat a duck on her nest, watching for her young brood to hatch; she was beginning to get tired of her task, for the little ones were a long time coming out of their shells, and she seldom had any visitors.
"What are you doing here?" "I was just passing by."
Click on "save" to begin the download.
At length one shell cracked, and then another, and from each egg came a living creature that lifted its head and cried, "Peep, peep."
Promise me that you'll come back.
Tom kept dropping subtle hints about what he wanted for his birthday.
The proportion of single-person households has increased steadily in the past few years.
Narcissists are often snobbish, disdainful and patronising of others' opinions, while, at the same time, having an overwhelming need for admiration and reassurance.
The pledge to stop smoking cigarettes ranks among the top ten New Year's resolutions year after year.
"One egg is not hatched yet," said the duck.
At last the large egg broke, and a young one crept forth crying, "Peep, peep." It was very large and ugly. The duck stared at it and exclaimed, "It is very large and not at all like the others."
One of these eggs hasn't hatched yet.
On the next day the weather was delightful, and the sun shone brightly on the green burdock leaves, so the mother duck took her young brood down to the water, and jumped in with a splash.
Above all, beware of the cat.
Some day, your wishes will come true.
God rewards diligent people.
In what kinds of situations would you use it?
There is nothing to be done about that.
I feel like going out with him.
I changed the sentence completely.
Three were sentenced to life imprisonment.
I am a widow.
My sister used to help mum look after me when I was a baby.
My daughter loves music.
A lot of back problems can be attributed to poor sitting posture.
How long does the trip take?
I love you, Lord!
I love God.
The dish had many diced potatoes in it.
Is it a direct route?
I'd like a luggage locker.
My luggage has been damaged.
My luggage has been stolen.
I'm fucking.
Newly developed, IT-based, minimally invasive surgery techniques are currently gaining momentum, thereby revolutionizing healthcare in its entirety.
When I don't have my cell phone, I feel lonely.
The risk is small.
The man died waiting for an ambulance.
You may follow along.
Happy Walpurgis Night!
My dad took us to the zoo yesterday.
Yesterday afternoon I wrote a letter.
It was a full moon yesterday.
I dance truly bad.
Can I trouble you for the salt?
Do you often drive a car to work?
How much does a night at that hotel cost?
Could you kids help me clear the table?
Is the 't' pronounced in this word?
May I please ask you to open the window, please?
Can one get the money back?
She died last night.
He changed overnight.
All schoolchildren are half price during Christmas break.
Admission is free during Christmas break.
He was hit hard in the face.
He hit him in the face.
She spent most of the day at the hospital.
He's in the kitchen preparing food.
She's not just friendly but also generous.
She is as tall as her mother.
She never talks bad about other people.
He hasn't changed his clothes in two weeks.
None of those involved had any visible injury.
Summer is still a long way away.
She died a week later.
The snake shed its skin.
He has changed his name.
My ears are freezing.
They took off from Arlanda early in the morning.
She plays her cards well.
The leaves in the park have already started to turn colors.
She had entirely too much makeup on.
Equal pay for equal work.
It wasn't me who started.
He wanted the money back.
I got the chance of a lifetime, and I took it.
I left the key at the reception desk.
Christmas is here.
The test result isn't what I had expected.
The test result isn't what I expected.
Japan suffers from typhoons every year.
It's as clear as day.
Have you finished talking now?
Do you have new shoes?
If the soup can sit for a while, it'll taste better.
Let the tea sit a while before you drink it.
Come, come home, boy!
The cow is drying up.
Can you manage lifting this box?
Can you manage to lift this box?
Can you manage alone this weekend?
Oh my God!
You're so nice.
This summer, I'm going to France.
He changed his name.
Why didn't you come with me?
Why would I do such a thing?
Mary's biggest disappointment in life is not being able to have children.
Basque may well be the most unusual language of Europe: it has an unconventional structure and is not akin to any other language, and just because of that it lends itself as a worthwhile field of research for linguists.
Worrying will send you grey, but it won't achieve anything.
If you are in Rio and wish to go to São Paulo, you can take a bus. Even so, the trip will take six and a half hours.
How many litres of petrol does it take to fill your car?
I've said what I had to say.
I was very busy this week.
The apples are big.
The keyboard is backlit.
He ate an apple.
She ate an apple.
Already as a child, he really liked to sing.
He's already here.
I never really understood what happened.
You didn't have to do it straight away.
How can I change the ringtone on my phone?
I speak some English, but unfortunately I don't understand much.
But the poor duckling, who had crept out of his shell last of all, and looked so ugly, was bitten and pushed and made fun of, not only by the ducks, but by all the poultry.
The poor duckling did not know where to go, and was quite miserable because he was so ugly and laughed at by the whole farmyard.
The poor duckling was driven about by every one; even his brothers and sisters were unkind to him, and would say, "Ah, you ugly creature, I wish the cat would get you," and his mother said she wished he had never been born.
The ducks pecked him, the chickens beat him, and the girl who fed the poultry kicked him with her feet.
"They are afraid of me because I am ugly," he said.
"What sort of a duck are you?" they all said, coming round him. He bowed to them, and was as polite as he could be, but he did not reply to their question. "You are exceedingly ugly," said the wild ducks, "but that will not matter if you do not want to marry one of our family."
"Pop, pop," sounded in the air, and the two wild geese fell dead among the rushes, and the water was tinged with blood.
The blue smoke from the guns rose like clouds over the dark trees.
"Oh," sighed the duckling, "how thankful I am for being so ugly; even a dog will not bite me."
The hen had very short legs, so she was called "Chickie short legs." She laid good eggs, and her mistress loved her as if she had been her own child.
The tom cat was the master of the house, and the hen was mistress, and they always said, "We and the world," for they believed themselves to be half the world, and the better half too. The duckling thought that others might hold a different opinion on the subject, but the hen would not listen to such doubts.
So the duckling left the cottage, and soon found water on which it could swim and dive, but was avoided by all other animals, because of its ugly appearance.
Autumn came, and the leaves in the forest turned to orange and gold. Then, as winter approached, the wind caught them as they fell and whirled them in the cold air.
The clouds, heavy with hail and snow-flakes, hung low in the sky, and the raven stood on the ferns crying, "Croak, croak." It made one shiver with cold to look at him.
All this was very sad for the poor little duckling.
One evening, just as the sun set amid radiant clouds, there came a large flock of beautiful birds out of the bushes.
The winter grew colder and colder; he was obliged to swim about on the water to keep it from freezing, but every night the space on which he swam became smaller and smaller. At length it froze so hard that the ice in the water crackled as he moved, and the duckling had to paddle with his legs as well as he could, to keep the space from closing up. He became exhausted at last, and lay still and helpless, frozen fast in the ice.
Early in the morning, a peasant, who was passing by, saw what had happened. He broke the ice in pieces with his wooden shoe, and carried the duckling home to his wife. The warmth revived the poor little creature.
The children laughed and screamed, and tumbled over each other, in their efforts to catch him; but luckily he escaped.
It would be very sad, were I to relate all the misery and privations which the poor little duckling endured during the hard winter.
He felt the warm sun shining, and heard the lark singing, and saw that all around was beautiful spring.
Then the young bird felt that his wings were strong, as he flapped them against his sides, and rose high into the air.
The apple-trees were in full blossom, and the fragrant elders bent their long green branches down to the stream which wound round a smooth lawn.
Everything looked beautiful, in the freshness of early spring.
From a thicket close by came three beautiful white swans, rustling their feathers, and swimming lightly over the smooth water.
But what did he see in the clear stream below? His own image; no longer a dark, gray bird, ugly and disagreeable to look at, but a graceful and beautiful swan.
He now felt glad at having suffered sorrow and trouble, because it enabled him to enjoy so much better all the pleasure and happiness around him.
The great swans swam round the new-comer, and stroked his neck with their beaks, as a welcome.
The new one is the most beautiful of all; he is so young and pretty.
Then he felt quite ashamed, and hid his head under his wing; for he did not know what to do.
He had been persecuted and despised for his ugliness, and now he heard them say he was the most beautiful of all the birds.
Then he rustled his feathers, curved his slender neck, and cried joyfully, from the depths of his heart, "I never dreamed of such happiness as this, while I was an ugly duckling."
In a certain Tsardom, across three times nine kingdoms, beyond high mountain chains, there once lived a merchant. He had been married for twelve years, but in that time there had been born to him only one child, a daughter, who from her cradle was called Vasilissa the Beautiful.
When the little girl was eight years old the mother fell ill, and before many days it was plain to be seen that she must die.
My little Vasilissa, my dear daughter, listen to what I say, remember well my last words and fail not to carry out my wishes. I am dying, and with my blessing, I leave to thee this little doll. It is very precious for there is no other like it in the whole world. Carry it always about with thee in thy pocket and never show it to anyone. When evil threatens thee or sorrow befalls thee, go into a corner, take it from thy pocket and give it something to eat and drink. It will eat and drink a little, and then thou mayest tell it thy trouble and ask its advice, and it will tell thee how to act in thy time of need.
She kissed her little daughter on the forehead, blessed her, and shortly after died.
Little Vasilissa grieved greatly for her mother, and her sorrow was so deep that when the dark night came, she lay in her bed and wept and did not sleep.
Then the doll's eyes began to shine like fireflies, and suddenly it became alive.
Don't weep, little Vasilissa. Grief is worst at night. Lie down, shut thine eyes, comfort thyself and go to sleep. The morning is wiser than the evening.
Now after the death of his wife, the merchant grieved for many days as was right, but at the end of that time he began to desire to marry again and to look about him for a suitable wife.
Of all the women he saw, however, the one who, to his mind, suited him best of all, was a widow of about his own age with two daughters of her own, and she, he thought, besides being a good housekeeper, would be a kind foster mother to his little Vasilissa.
So the merchant married the widow and brought her home as his wife, but the little girl soon found that her foster mother was very far from being what her father had thought. She was a cold, cruel woman, who had desired the merchant for the sake of his wealth, and had no love for his daughter.
Vasilissa was the greatest beauty in the whole village.
Because Vasilissa was the greatest beauty in the whole village, her stepmother and her two daughters envied and hated her.
They treated her so cruelly as to leave few joys in life for her.
She grew every day more and more beautiful.
There, my little doll, take it. Eat a little, drink a little, and listen to my grief. I live in my father's house, but my spiteful stepmother wishes to drive me out of the white world. Tell me! How shall I act, and what shall I do?
Then the little doll's eyes would begin to shine like glowworms, and it would become alive.
Years passed, till Vasilissa grew up and became of an age when it is good to marry. All the young men in the village, high and low, rich and poor, asked for her hand, while not one of them stopped even to look at the stepmother's two daughters, so ill-favored were they.
Another coffee, please.
He started to get hungry, so he threw a small stone in the river to kill a fish.
We are all in terrible danger.
Each time, when she had let a suitor out of the door, she would soothe her anger and hatred by beating her stepdaughter.
She started to get hungry, so she threw a small stone in the river to kill a fish.
So while Vasilissa grew each day more lovely and graceful, she was often miserable, and but for the little doll in her pocket, would have longed to leave the white world.
Now there came a time when it became necessary for the merchant to leave his home and to travel to a distant Tsardom. He bade farewell to his wife and her two daughters, kissed Vasilissa and gave her his blessing and departed, bidding them say a prayer each day for his safe return.
Every day, while her two daughters were working indoors, the merchant's wife would send Vasilissa on one errand or other into the forest, either to find a branch of a certain rare bush or to bring her flowers or berries.
Deep in this forest, as the stepmother well knew, there was a green lawn and on the lawn stood a miserable little hut on hens' legs, where lived a certain Baba Yaga, an old witch grandmother.
Who came up with something like that?
Have you laughed yet today?
And what did she answer?
And what was her answer?
At first I didn't understand what it said.
At first I didn't understand what he was saying.
The merchant's wife sent Vasilissa into the forest each day, hoping she might meet the old witch and be devoured.
At first I didn't understand what she was saying.
Not counting Portuguese, I only know Esperanto.
His clothes were used.
Her clothes were used.
Their clothes were used.
Your clothes were used.
"We must go and fetch fire," said the first. "The only house near is a hut in the forest, where a Baba Yaga lives. One of us must go and borrow fire from her."
They both rose up, pushed Vasilissa out of the house and locked the door, crying: "Thou shalt not come in till thou hast fetched the fire."
There, my little doll, take it. Eat a little and listen to my sorrow. I must go to the hut of the old Baba Yaga in the dark forest to borrow some fire and I fear she will eat me. Tell me! What shall I do?
Then the doll's eyes began to shine like two stars and it became alive.
Do not fear, little Vasilissa. Go where thou hast been sent. While I am with thee no harm shall come to thee from the old witch.
Vasilissa put the doll back into her pocket, crossed herself and started out into the dark, wild forest.
The wood was very dark, and she could not help trembling from fear.
The wall around the hut was made of human bones and on its top were skulls.
The sight filled Vasilissa with horror and she stopped as still as a post buried in the ground.
When she woke next morning, very early, it was still dark.
Why was the Egyptian boy confused? His daddy was really a mummy.
How many people can you feed on an adult cow?
At least today, has she done something right?
At least today, have you done something right?
At least today, has he done something right?
Her parents are older than ours.
His parents are older than mine.
I've made several mistakes in my life.
I've made many mistakes in my life.
I thank you in advance for your assistance.
Is the magnetic card made of plastic which stores your bank account called a cash card?
Draw a picture.
"http://example.org/" is a URL.
The word "cidjrpitsa" is a loan word.
Steins;Gate is a very enjoyable anime.
The Internet is a series of tubes.
I read The Age of Spiritual Machines by Ray Kurzweil in Amsterdam on September 7, 2006.
· · · + = 2006
How do you say "" in Lojban?
Ouch!
Ow!
Why is the banana bent?
Fanta is my favourite soda brand.
Go the fuck away!
The dog followed along with me.
Bugger off!
What do you really mean?
He's partially right.
"123456" is a frequently-used password.
If only it could be summer soon.
If only time could pass a little faster.
No, he hasn't said anything about it.
It would be great to sleep a while first.
You've well earned it.
January is Interlingua Day, with activities and publicity to spread Interlingua across the whole world.
Tom reads almost no books at all.
There wasn't a living soul as far as the eye could see.
They stepped on board the airplane.
They de-iced the bridge with salt.
What is + 2?
The police investigated the suspects' past.
She's always very polite.
He's always very polite.
The house fell down in an earthquake.
Why do you interrupt me all the time?
I remember his face, but I don't remember his name.
We must investigate this matter in advance.
She has selective hearing.
She studies audiology.
They don't know how to use an asterisk.
These are graded on a hundred-point scale.
What do you associate this song with?
She has assisted us in the kitchen.
Can I get a little assistance here?
She has cardiac arrhythmia.
"My dearest little doll!" she cried. "Thou hast saved me from my trouble! Now I have only to cook the Baba Yaga's supper, since all the rest of the tasks are done!"
There was not a weed left in the yard, nor a speck of dust on the floors, nor a single black grain or wild pea in the wheat.
The old witch was greatly angered, but was obliged to pretend to be pleased. "Well," she said, "thou hast done all well."
Well, why dost thou say nothing, but stand there as if thou wast dumb?
"If thou wilt allow me, grandmother, I wish to ask thee some questions." "Well," said the old witch, "only remember that every question does not lead to good. If thou knowest overmuch, thou wilt grow old too soon. What wilt thou ask?"
The Baba Yaga seized from the wall one of the skulls with burning eyes and flung it after her. "There," she howled, "is the fire for thy stepmother's daughters. Take it. That is what they sent thee here for, and may they have joy of it!"
Vasilissa put the skull on the end of a stick and darted away through the forest, running as fast as she could, finding her path by the skull's glowing eyes which went out only when morning came.
Since Vasilissa had gone, the stepmother and her two daughters had had neither fire nor light in all the house.
The eyes of the skull suddenly began to glimmer and to glow like red coals, and wherever the three turned or ran the eyes followed them, growing larger and brighter till they flamed like two furnaces, and hotter and hotter till the merchant's wife and her two wicked daughters took fire and were burned to ashes. Only Vasilissa the Beautiful was not touched.
But their troubles weren't over yet.
In the morning, Vasilissa dug a deep hole in the ground and buried the skull.
It is dull for me, grandmother, to sit idly hour by hour. My hands want work to do. Go, therefore, and buy me some flax, the best and finest to be found anywhere, and at least I can spin.
This is a humorous variation of a proverb.
This is the humorous variation of a certain proverb.
When I think of Germany at night, I feel sleepless.
And that's a welcoming sentence, so to speak.
Music is a part of me.
Music constitutes a part of me.
This car is owned by me.
This book is Paolo's.
This book belongs to Paolo.
This book belongs to Paul.
Yet, his troubles are not over.
Crocodiles do not hibernate but estivate within caves during the dry season.
I don't know why, but I thought about you as soon as I read this.
What is the motivation for you to drink water?
A young Kyrgyz woman, creating a miracle with her own hands in Moscow, amazed the Dagestanis.
My mother is outdoors.
A kid was outdoors and played with a ball.
Even if it rains, the meeting will go on.
So fine was the thread that no frame could be found to weave it upon, nor would any weaver undertake to make one.
When the Tsar saw the linen he was struck with astonishment at its fineness and beauty.
Vasilissa washed her face, dressed her hair, put on her best gown and sat down at the window to see what would happen.
Vasilissa rose and went at once to the Palace, and as soon as the Tsar saw her, he fell in love with her with all his soul.
"Beautiful maiden," he said, "never will I part from thee and thou shalt be my wife."
So the Tsar and Vasilissa the Beautiful were married, and her father returned from the far-distant Tsardom, and he and the old woman lived always with her in the splendid Palace, in all joy and contentment. And as for the little wooden doll, she carried it about with her in her pocket all her life long.
Because Vasilissa was the greatest beauty in the whole village, the stepmother and her two daughters envied and hated her.
In Russia, as elsewhere in the world, folklore is rapidly scattering before the practical spirit of modern progress. The traveling peasant bard or story teller, and the devoted "nyanya", the beloved nurse of many a generation, are rapidly dying out, and with them the tales and legends, the last echoes of the nation's early joys and sufferings, hopes and fears, are passing away.
In sending forth the stories in the present volume, all of which are here set down in print for the first time, it is my hope that they may enable American children to share with the children of Russia the pleasure of glancing into the magic world of the old Slavic nation.
They had three sons, all of them young, and such brave fellows that no pen could describe them.
One day their father said to his sons: "My dear boys, take each of you an arrow, draw your strong bow and let your arrow fly; in whatever court it falls, in that court there will be a wife for you."
The arrow of the oldest Tsarevitch fell on a boyar-house just in front of the terem where women live; the arrow of the second Tsarevitch flew to the red porch of a rich merchant, and on the porch there stood a sweet girl, the merchant's daughter. The youngest, the brave Tsarevitch Ivan, had the ill luck to send his arrow into the midst of a swamp, where it was caught by a croaking frog.
The arrow of the oldest Tsarevitch fell on a nobleman's house just in front of the women's chambers; the arrow of the second Tsarevitch flew to the red porch of a rich merchant, and on the porch there stood a sweet girl, the merchant's daughter. The youngest, the brave Tsarevitch Ivan, had the ill luck to send his arrow into the midst of a swamp, where it was caught by a croaking frog.
Ivan Tsarevitch came to his father: "How can I marry the frog?" complained the son. "Is she my equal? Certainly she is not." "Never mind," replied his father, "you have to marry the frog, for such is evidently your destiny."
Thus the brothers were married: the oldest to a young boyarishnia, a nobleman's child; the second to the merchant's beautiful daughter, and the youngest, Tsarevitch Ivan, to a croaking frog.
Thus the brothers were married: the oldest to a young nobleman's daughter; the second to the merchant's beautiful daughter, and the youngest, Tsarevitch Ivan, to a croaking frog.
Have each of your wives bake a loaf of bread by tomorrow morning.
"C-R-O-A-K! C-R-O-A-K! Dear husband of mine, Tsarevitch Ivan, why are you so sad?" gently asked the frog.
The Tsar, my father, wants you to bake a loaf of white bread by tomorrow.
Then the frog threw off her frogskin and turned into a beautiful, sweet girl, named Vasilissa.
The loaf of bread was so fine that nobody could even describe it, for only in fairyland does one find such marvelous loaves.
Slice the bread very thinly.
The loaf was adorned all about with pretty figures, with towns and fortresses on each side, and within it was white as snow and light as a feather.
The loaf of bread was adorned with ornate tiny squirrels.
Have each of your wives weave a rug by tomorrow.
Again the frog turned into Vasilissa, the wise maiden.
The two elder brothers arrived first with their wives, beautiful, bright, and cheerful, and dressed in rich garments.
Why didst thou not bring thy wife along with thee?
To the porch, came flying a golden carriage drawn by six splendid white horses.
I am quenched.
Why did you kill my mother?
My thirst is quenched.
I am unthirsty.
The heavy oak tables were covered with snow-white linen.
The wives of the two elder brothers watched her and did exactly the same.
When the long, hearty dinner was over, the guests began dancing and singing.
The beautiful Vasilissa came forward, as bright as a star, bowed to her sovereign, bowed to the honorable guests and danced with her husband, the happy Tsarevitch Ivan.
The Tsar, the guests, the servants, even the gray cat sitting in the corner, all were amazed and wondered at the beautiful Vasilissa.
Vasilissa turned into a white swan and flew away through the window.
Here is a magic ball of yarn. In whatever direction this ball rolls, follow without fear.
You have to punch trees to obtain wood.
Never dig straight down!
The poet was sitting alone in his own little room on a very stormy evening; the wind was roaring outside, and the rain poured down in torrents.
The letter "n" is a lower-case character.
The old man sat cosily by his warm stove. The fire was blazing brightly and some apples were roasting in front of it.
"G" is an upper-case character.
There stood a little boy, almost naked; the water trickled down from his long flaxen hair; he was shivering with cold, and had he been left much longer out in the street, he would certainly have perished in the storm.
is the natural logarithm of e.
The bomb is armed.
Do not annoy me!
One day in a wide, flowery field he met a bear, a big Russian bear.
"Do not kill me, kind Tsarevitch," said the bear.
'Poor boy!' said the old poet again, taking him by the hand, and leading him into his room. 'Come to me, and we'll soon make thee warm again, and I will give thee some wine, and some roasted apples for thy supper, my pretty child!'
His eyes shone as bright as stars, and his hair, although dripping with water, curled in beautiful ringlets.
The boy was very pale, and trembled in every limb with cold.
The old poet sat down again beside the stove, and took the little boy in his lap; he wrung the water out of his streaming hair, warmed the child's hands within his own, and gave him mulled wine to drink.
Huh? A mouse sits on my mouse.
Please press the left mouse button to continue.
Does he appoint him with a clear intention of offending him?
The boy soon became himself again, the rosy colour returned to his cheeks, he jumped down from the old man's lap, and danced around him on the floor.
There was once a merchant, so rich that he might have paved the whole street where he lived and an alley besides with pieces of silver.
She was so beautiful that the merchant's son could not help kneeling down to kiss her hand.
He talked to her about her eyes, how that they were beautiful dark-blue seas, and that thoughts and feelings floated like mermaids therein; and he spoke of her brow, how that it was a fair snowy mountain, and many other such like things he told her.
Oh, these were charming stories! and thus he wooed the Princess, and she immediately said 'Yes!'
The princess gave her lover a sabre covered with gold.
There was once a bundle of matches, who were all extremely proud of their high descent, for their genealogical tree, that is to say, the tall fir-tree, from which each of them was a splinter, had been a tree of great antiquity, and distinguished by his height from all the other trees of the forest.
A small boy swept into a stormwater drain kept himself afloat using strokes he'd recently learned at swim school.
The King's love for dinner knows no limits.
My face is the prettiest face around, isn't it?
Everyone knows everything, don't they?
"Looks kinda peaceful." "Looks are deceiving when Koopas are involved."
He became secretary.
Two bears can't live in one cave.
Warning: the lifeforms in this universe are surrounded by 10% dandruff. Would you like to set up a new one?
My cat lies next to me when I play piano, but I think it's really appreciating the fabric of the bench and the warmth of the duct over it.
The way his life was cut short is tragic.
The plan is immature.
I saw the great prophet with my own eyes. He had eyes like sparkling stars, and a beard like foaming water.
There was a man who had three sons.
As you have a kind heart, and have been willing to share everything with me, I will send a blessing upon you.
Dummling set to work, and cut down the tree; and when it fell, he found, in a hollow under the roots, a goose with feathers of pure gold.
The next morning Tom got up and carried off the goose under his arm. He took no notice at all of the three girls.
Are you not ashamed of yourselves, you bold girls, to run after a young man in that way over the fields? Is that good behaviour?
Then Tom claimed the princess for his wife, and married her; and he was heir to the kingdom, and lived long and happily with his wife.
The princess was of so thoughtful and moody a turn of mind that no one could make her laugh; and the king had made known to all the world, that whoever could make her laugh should have her for his wife.
No one could make the princess laugh.
A long time ago, there lived a tailor who had three sons, but only one goat.
I have always wanted to try it.
When people are too well off they always begin to long for something new.
You couldn't have picked a worst spot.
You couldn't have picked a better spot.
The King of the East had a beautiful garden, and in the garden stood a tree that bore golden apples.
I need to inform the president.
We need to inform the president.
The bird's feathers were all of pure gold.
I can't do it alone. I need your help.
I can't do it alone, Tom. I need your help.
Bats use echolocation.
Dolphins use echolocation.
Tom never wins at tic-tac-toe.
That's not how it turned out.
Six months later, they were married.
Just kidding!
The welcome rain has extinguished all the bushfires. Now floods are predicted.
The world has become a dangerous place for tourists.
In this troubled world, it is safer to stay at home, read about exotic places and dream.
What is that? It sounds like someone crying.
What is that, Tom? It sounds like someone crying.
All my ducklings are swimming in the lake.
"http://tatoeba.org/" is the URL of Tatoeba.
He's the only person she can trust.
He's the only person whom she can trust.
I say "You walk on the ice." two times.
I have exactly 5,apples.
Version 1.5.of the software has just been released.
No keyboard has been found. Please press Fto continue.
How do you say "How do you say 'I ate an apple.' in Lojban?" in Lojban?
You searched every room in my apartment.
When will you send me one of your photos?
Can I comment on one of your photos?
I like your profile picture.
Are you sending me one of your photos in private?
Your profile photo is unprofessional.
What an honor to be included in your profile photo!
Tom claims one god exists.
Tom claims one and only one god exists.
I'm a beginner in Lojban.
Her parents are older than mine.
"Tom" is the name of Tom.
The name of my name is "Strange".
My name is strange.
If flies fly behind flies, then flies fly behind flies.
Nonon likes science fiction.
Tom only has hit points left.
Tom only has five health points left.
It's not possible to legislate against stupidity.
Mary's not the first woman to fall in love with a married man, and she won't be the last.
The murder suspect's version of events did not ring true to investigating officers.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't in the right headspace to have a relationship with him.
She’s going to have a daughter.
Beware of cameras with long lenses, lest you get snapped in a compromising situation.
The family is the most basic unit of society.
Societal values change from generation to generation.
I speak only Italian.
I only speak French.
"Hey! That old guy woke up." "Where am I?" "In Hyrule. You were in a coma." "How long?" "A month." "I see. What happened during the time I—" "Enough! I'm going to Subway for dinner." "Yeah, we're going — Link, are you going too?" "Yeah. I'm so hungry I could eat a dinosaur!"
What did she say to Tom?
What did he say to Tom?
Did you understand what she said?
I know him, but you don't.
I mean our telephone conversation on the fourth of December.
My name is "The Strange One".
Money doesn't worry me. It calms me.
I didn't think you'd be interested.
"I can't believe that you snuck into the castle!" said the princess.
I'm sure this is all a misunderstanding.
Money doesn't excite me. It calms me.
There must be another way out.
Go home and lock the door from the inside.
I'm sure there's another way out.
Nearly everyone knows that my mother tongue is Turkish.
I only speak Italian.
What did the pilot say?
He had such a bright future ahead of him.
I can't believe that he's gone.
I can't believe that he's gone now.
Tom's sandcastle was destroyed by the storm.
What did the racing driver say?
After it rains the air is fresh.
Is he your friend?
"Here's your dinner." "Dinner for breakfast? Oh boy, this is delicious!"
"What time is it now?" - "Half two". - "Deary me! I had wanted to get to bed a bit earlier this evening!"
He fell out of the tree.
I am watching a movie right now.
Mary was wrongly imprisoned for nearly years.
"How does she manage to come up with all those amazing ideas?" "Frankly speaking, I wonder that myself."
The demon is dead.
I'll do this, with or without you.
For Christ's sake, stop it!
Tom says, "I love you.". Mary responds with "I love you, too."
Now I go to the market.
How does he know this? Tom, did you tell him?
How does she know this? Tom, did you tell her?
How does she know this? Mary, did you tell her?
I love Tom, err, I mean Mary.
Teachers help us solve problems we wouldn’t have without them.
The situation was Kafkaesque.
Many Lojbanists live in the United States of America.
The sugar is sweet.
I won't allow you to take away my freedom to take away your freedom.
Phew, I'm safe now.
Where is our companion?
In front of my house there is a charming patisserie.
Who can choose?
She meant no particular offence, and her friend took none.
"No offence." "None taken."
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go to the restaurant.
Please let us know if we can help in other ways.
Tom will not sing.
Tom won't sing.
She works alone.
Man is water.
You have seven kids.
You have seven sons.
I detest fighting.
I hate to fight.
I detest ironing.
I hate to iron.
The fault is mine.
I was arrested.
Of all of us, Tom had the craziest sense of humor.
I sleep little.
I deserve a promotion.
I don't have children.
I don't have sons.
What or who is at fault?
Who or what has the blame?
I knew it from the start.
He knew it from the start.
She knew it from the start.
You knew it from the start.
The pot was boiling.
On the count of three!
It hasn't been easy for us to adapt.
She didn't tell me anything in the morning.
She didn't say anything to me in the morning.
Now we really are relatives.
I want to talk to you before you leave.
They're ringing the doorbell.
With whom do I have the honor?
How did you discover that?
How did he find that out?
How did he discover that?
How did she find that out?
How did she discover that?
I know of what I speak.
Why was this a secret?
Did he notice something suspicious?
The couple is talking.
A tree is known by its fruits.
They stole his wallet on the train.
They stole her wallet on the train.
They stole your wallet on the train.
The senate approved the bill.
If only English were as regular as Esperanto.
Washing your hands regularly is a good way to protect yourself from diseases.
She visited me regularly.
She was visiting me regularly.
We made a habit of getting together regularly.
It's the minister's first official trip.
I only have two hands.
I have only two hands.
You are comparing apples and oranges.
He focused his eyes on the ceiling.
He focused his eyes on the roof.
He fixed his eyes on the roof.
He fixed his eyes on the ceiling.
Everyone says I'm bad, and maybe they're right.
What time did that happen?
What time did that occur?
What time did that take place?
They didn't notice anything suspicious.
She didn't notice anything suspicious.
Take the treasure and take good care of it.
I proposed a way that wasn't so stupid.
Not always, but more and more frequently.
Not always, but more and more often.
They live in a big house.
This is a very serious issue.
One word led to the other.
I'm giving it to you for free.
That left him pensive.
He tends to forget his umbrella on the train.
You are looking at me strangely.
You are looking at me oddly.
What I know of Norwegian I have learned on my own.
What I know of Norwegian I have taught myself.
What do you propose to do?
I didn't find anything suspicious in that.
Italian wedding soup is a savory broth with green vegetables and little meatballs. Sometimes it also contains a variety of small pasta.
The entry requirements for the essay competition are very strict.
Can he be trusted?
Is he reliable?
Can she be trusted?
Is she reliable?
I have tried it already. It doesn't work.
Hey, come here!
The water was hot.
This tall man is Mr Smith.
I'm not sure how things are going with you, but I'm feeling pretty good today.
You don't eat meat?
Where is the arrivals hall?
Where is the departures hall?
I read the paper while eating.
I saw a rabbit in the forest.
There's no forgiveness for me!
I don't understand, what does this change.
Where is the duty-free shop?
Why do children have to carry such a heavy bag?
"I swear this trash is so overrated it makes me sick." "You like?" "Not a bit." "Great! I will make more then. See you later!"
Hey! It's stuffy in here. Get me out before I asphyxiate.
He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything!
Beethoven's music portrays the whole spectrum of human emotions, from exhilarating joy to deep despair.
I defy you to tell the genuine article from the fake.
It's rude to whisper in front of others.
Can we not talk about this just now?
One may sooner fall than rise.
My parents and teachers all used to tell me when I was younger that "Experience is the best teacher". Of course, during my high school days, my mind was still not that mature, so I took that as is. A little later, a lecturer on some seminar I forgot said that experience isn't necessarily the best teacher, especially if you need to get hurt for it. For him, the experience of others is the best teacher. After all, not only do you get to witness important lessons about the realities of life, you are also spared from getting hurt. That is always nice.
I've told him before that the best solution for him is to seek out actual friends who will console him when he needs emotional support, instead of broadcasting on Fig Hunter, for reasons everyone should know by now. He already has his introvert site! Why should he feel the need to keep talking about his feelings on Fig Hunter when he already knows what will come of it? I understand that he considers Fig Hunter his "home", and the members therein his "guests". However, Pseudo didn't conduct himself as the most gracious host, either. He argued with people and openly called them names. Whether or not he is justified in doing so is irrelevant. What matters is that he doesn't have the time to be doing things like this. Talking back at these people is a complete waste of his time, when he could and should be working on his games or art or studying for university.
Sometimes, the best response is to restrain yourself from responding.
While Pseudo and Co. wage their war on the new site, I've been happily posting here, and reaping a few green orbs for it. During the times that I didn't get green orbs, for example on short comments that I never wanted to get rated anyway, I chose to stay quiet about it not because I want to show that I'm emotionally strong, or being the bigger man or anything. Of course I get upset about it. I like green! Their cyan-and-lower ratings not only bring down my average, but also look ugly on my green-themed posts. Basically, it rustles my jimmies by more than a little bit. Before, as some of you know, I might have started to complain about I don't want my comments to get rated when it's something trivial. Yet I choose not to reply because I know that what I have to say will likely be met with hostility, based on my experience with Fig Hunters.
The houses are here.
You're not ugly.
I don't want to learn English.
Timber!
The policeman has done very well.
He is a very good friend, yet a little lazy.
Where does the devil feel at home?
When are you going to return home?
Esperanto is the most simple and neutral international language for the peoples in the world.
I saw how Tom was doing that.
she has quietly in the clasroom
Great bait, mate, I rate eight out of eight.
The subject of numerals in Arabic is quite difficult.
She suddenly became angry.
Upon seeing her, he turned red.
Stay standing just like you are now.
The pompous professor was full of his own self-importance.
The bill was approved by an overwhelming majority.
Young people don't have virtues.
He tripped over a stone.
We're not young anymore.
All this brings up new questions.
We'll talk about that soon.
You aren't replaceable.
How far are you prepared to go?
We waited, but he didn't come.
I don't go to the theater alone, because after the movie I like to talk about it with someone.
In God's name, what's going on here?
I still can't get my head around what genius thought this was a good idea.
His baptism's today.
I think it would be good to talk once more with the boss.
He recovered his sanity.
I had a guilty conscience.
The one in charge of the orchestra is called the conductor.
He's roasting a tasty chicken.
Some were already a bit drunk.
Near the end of his life, he started to worry a lot about what his legacy would be.
This is a mountain famous for its scenery.
That's obviously inevitable.
The eagle perched atop the cliff, scanning the valley spread out beneath it.
Yes, it can be done, but it shouldn't be.
It was still night.
I still have to mentally do the conversion from metric into imperial.
The plant's closure spelt disaster for the town.
Tom wants riches and fame.
Every animal cares for its nest.
Virtues are the vices of the majority.
Discretion is a rare and important virtue.
Courage is an excellent virtue.
There is no happiness without courage, nor virtue without struggle.
I would like white chocolate.
He's a completely harmless person.
I found him worn out, old, and tired.
You are asking me to do the impossible.
He saved the situation.
He always has the first word.
I've always found her unbelievably pleasurable.
Add the chopped fruit the next day and let it set for hours.
The father told the children a nice story.
Every night I go to bed at ten.
I was the first to begin speaking.
What color do you like?
So what happens to the protagonist at the end?
I've always found her unbelievably adorable.
When a good opportunity presents itself, I don't let it pass.
She took advantage of every opportunity.
I took every opportunity to improve my Esperanto.
Classes start at eight in the morning.
And if I had an opinion, I wouldn't tell it to you.
Think it over and tell me what you decide.
He replaced the bell with a light.
What does he do for the city?
He has two or three excellent assistants.
Here I am again.
All great writers have their own personal styles.
If people never fell in love or got their hearts broken when love fails, what would lyricists write their songs about?
Tom is well-read and can talk knowledgeably about almost any topic.
That's a question for others to answer.
I tried to blend in.
Try not to get your hopes up.
I've only done this once before.
How did you know that I was going to ask you that question?
Would you like a cappuccino?
We're Facebook friends.
Since Tom and Mary can't have children themselves, they have adopted a little girl.
Tom didn't like his sandwich.
Tom has an older sister, Mary, and two younger sisters, but I don't remember their names.
I don't know. I can't remember.
I still think about her.
I still think about him.
I'm not being cruel.
There's something wrong with him.
There's something wrong with her.
There's something wrong with you.
I'm sorry. I forgot about this.
I'm sorry. I forgot about it.
"What am I supposed to do?" "I don't know. Do something."
I'm not going to make it.
How many gallons does it take to fill your tank?
That's what he told me.
That's what she told me.
Poor posture can cause many problems.
I was a bit surprised.
Please handle with care.
There are other guys out there.
There are other girls out there.
We spent a wonderful day at the beach!
He begged me to come.
Tom begged me to come.
She begged me to come.
Why don't you come over after school today?
Why don't you come over after work today?
This is a prototype.
This is only a prototype.
What was she thinking?
What was he thinking?
Once more, the night is over and a new morning begins.
What else have you lied to me about?
What else are you lying about?
What else have you lied about?
That's my favorite movie.
Do not try to catch me!
Don't command me to not command you!
Smoking is suicide.
This doesn't burn.
Monsters know better than bothering me.
Tom is eating cake now.
Tom has been eating cake.
Tom is going to eat cake.
What time did you get up today?
What was the last station?
I'm not you.
Hello Mary, I'm Tom.
I woke up on the sofa.
I woke up on the couch.
Tom and Mary go to the market.
Tom or Mary go to the market.
I never get up before seven.
Tom goes to the market if and only if Mary goes to the market.
Tom goes to the market, no matter if Mary goes to the market.
Either Tom or Mary go to the market, but not both.
Does it stop at Kolkata?
Tom goes to the market if Mary goes to the market.
Mary goes to the market, no matter if Tom goes to the market.
Tom goes to the market, but Mary doesn't.
Mary doesn't go to the market, no matter if Tom goes to the market.
Tom doesn't go to the market, no matter if Mary goes to the market.
We're going to be late!
Neither Tom nor Mary goes to the store.
Either Tom, Mary, or neither of them goes to the market.
Tom goes to the market only if Mary goes to the market.
Tom doesn't go to the store, but Mary does.
They put on makeup every morning.
Last night I fell asleep quickly.
I suggest you rest for a while.
Is Cookie a dog or a cat?
Question: Is Cookie a dog or a cat? Answer: A cat.
Question: Is Cookie a dog or a cat? Answer: A dog.
Question: Is Cookie a dog or a cat? Answer: Neither.
Question: Is Cookie a dog or a cat? Answer: One of those.
The fish lives in the sea.
Does Tom go to the market?
How happy are you?
What is Tom?
Who goes to the market?
When does Tom go to the market?
When did Tom go to the market?
Where is Tom sleeping?
Is Tom going to the market right now?
Are you the giver or the receiver of this rose?
Who goes where?
Who and who goes where and where, respectively?
How many people do you see?
You sowed the grain a little while ago; when else do you sow it?
King Hussein travelled to Cairo.
Was Tom a king or will he be?
I like football the best.
Were you the giving or the receiving partner in your anal sex?
Are there many Brazilians living in Japan?
times equals 1_0. What is the missing digit?
That is my seat.
If this is coffee, bring me tea; but if this is tea, bring me coffee.
Do you want tea or coffee?
I'd like a taxi now.
I'd like a taxi at nine in the morning.
Can you take me to this address?
Please put the meter on.
I need a taxi tomorrow evening.
What is the best way to get there?
Is it because of the red shirt?
Is it the fault of the red shirt?
No, it's the tomatoes.
What the fuck is your reasoning?
I've already said I don't know how one does it.
I've already said I don't know how to do it.
A gross is a dozen, dozens.
Why is there seasons?
Thank you for your purchase!
Look at me when you're talking to me.
A large crowd had gathered on the street.
I don't think I'll pass this exam.
I saw a very interesting documentary yesterday.
I've always dreamed of going to Australia.
I shouldn't have gone to bed so late yesterday.
You've got the right to be happy.
Parents are being overwhelmed by the back to school technology requirements for their children, and many are buying the wrong devices.
The speaker took every opportunity he could to big-note himself.
It was wrong. I should have told you the truth.
Come along, children.
You're no better than me.
I will never love you. I hate you.
"It will be all right, Mary." "No, it won't."
"It will be all right, Mary." "No, it won't, Tom. It won't."
One should adopt only sentences in their own native language.
Don't tell anyone about this.
Are you an American?
What are you doing for New Years?
He fell in love with a pretty girl.
Tom fell in love with a pretty girl.
Our store sells a wide range of fashionable clothes.
This store sells clothes and shoes for both men and women.
Mary is one of Paris' most famous fashion designers.
Am I spending too much on clothes?
I told you this wasn't a good idea.
I told you this was a good idea.
You should not spend more money than you earn.
I want to vomit.
The palace was a gilded cage for the princess.
The small duckling is swimming.
The small duckling can swim.
The small duckling can swim but has not demonstrated this ability.
The small duckling can swim and has demonstrated this ability.
I'm sure it would be a mistake to tell Tom.
You shouldn't spend more money than you earn.
Is there another way to get there?
Is it near here?
He's eating Uzbek pilaf at the restaurant now.
She's eating Uzbek pilaf at the restaurant now.
He spoke too quickly. I couldn't parse what he said.
I have the feeling that I've seen these shoes somewhere before.
I have the feeling that my French isn't improving much.
I have the feeling that my French isn't getting much better.
She is a girl.
Thanks for your comments.
I'm adding this sentence now.
This city has many wide avenues.
For next class, I want you guys to transcribe the lyrics from any singer as long as it's in English.
I don't want to go shopping alone.
Who did you think about?
I pushed the button to turn on the radio.
I'm sorry, but I don't want to have any part in this.
One of the first goals when learning a foreign language which uses another writing system should be to acquire this very writing system as quickly as possible.
One of the first goals when learning a foreign language which uses another writing system should be to assimilate this very writing system as quickly as possible.
Whom did he have in mind?
Who did he have in mind?
Who did she have in mind?
Who did she think about?
One of the first goals when learning a foreign language with another writing system should be to assimilate this very writing system as quickly as possible.
You shouldn't go if you don't want to.
"I think I understood everything," Tom said, "but I'm not absolutely sure."
You shouldn't spend more than you earn.
You aren't any better than me.
The knights wore elaborate suits of armor.
The queen was imprisoned in the Tower of London.
Thou shalt believe all that the Church teaches and shalt observe all its directions.
Thou shalt defend the Church.
Thou shalt respect all weaknesses, and shalt constitute thyself the defender of them.
Thou shalt love the country in which thou wast born.
Thou shalt not recoil before thine enemy.
Thou shalt be generous, and give largesse to everyone.
Thou shalt perform scrupulously thy feudal duties, if they be not contrary to the laws of God.
Thou shalt never lie, and shalt remain faithful to thy pledged word.
Thou shalt be everywhere and always the champion of the Right and the Good against Injustice and Evil.
He lives in the ghetto.
You can't pick who you fall for.
You can't pick who you fall in love with.
Tom's mother lies awake at night worrying about him.
Tom doesn't care what people think about him.
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.
She was homesick.
Don't do anything to attract attention to yourself.
I wish I were by your side.
I wish you were with me.
I wish I was with you.
Hungary's national anthem is a poem by Ferenc Kölcsey, with the music composed by Ferenc Erkel.
The Hungarian National Anthem is a poem written by Ferenc Kölcsey and set to music by Ferenc Erkel.
These are unworthy people.
He is buying the computer.
She is buying the computer.
An increased vaccination rate for children resulted in a concomitant decrease in communicable diseases.
Tom was sitting at his desk.
Tom sat behind his desk.
What I drink the most is coffee.
That's a sign.
I have no time to have a rest.
I don't have time to take a break.
I'd like a first-class ticket.
You'd better quit smoking.
I don't know the meaning of the English word "gerund".
The period is missing.
"And where is the boss?" - "At dinner".
In the year 2020, the use of the German language in all public institutions was abolished in favor of English, despite massive protests on the part of the population.
In 2020, the use of German in all public institutions was abolished in favor of English, despite massive protests on the part of the population.
It's up to us to help them out.
So many places I haven't been to.
"What's the reason for your allergy this time? Is it the olive oil in the salad?" "No, it's the tomatoes."
"Will it stop raining soon?" "I'm afraid not".
He has no heart at all.
You can go there if you want to.
Here it comes!
I've always wanted to visit another planet.
Tom was as naked as the day he was born.
He was as naked as the day he was born.
She was as naked as the day she was born.
I've always wanted to visit another country.
I've always wanted to go to another country.
It's strange that he hasn't come yet.
The fridge is empty.
This never happens.
is a natural number.
Tom told me he didn't take French in high school.
I'm going to check my calendar.
They left the room one by one.
Enter the delivery address.
Enter the address for service.
Tom says Mary doesn't like Boston.
It is a great honor to become acquainted with her.
I'm translating this sentence from English into Icelandic.
There is nothing better than a good coffee to start the day.
The dress is made of silk.
Only the elected President may deliver an opening address.
The opening statement went smoothly.
The opening address was a success.
The opening address went very well.
The cat chases the squirrel.
The girl likes the music.
The dog sleeps.
Computers are machines.
The air seems damp.
The food becomes cold.
I'm not in the mood to argue.
It isn't the graying hair nor the number of years which makes "age"; a person is old when they've lost their sense of humour and aren't interested in anything anymore.
What are you in the mood for?
The computer doesn't work.
The potatoes stayed hot.
Our task is to rebuild the wall.
At check-in, please show a picture identification and the document you gave for reference at reservation time.
The idea is that you sing.
If the passenger's journey involves an ultimate destination or stop in a country other than the country of departure the Warsaw convention and the Montreal convention may be applicable and these conventions govern and in most cases limit the liability of carriers for death or personal injury and in respect of loss of or damage to baggage.
Doesn't it seem to you that it's cold in this room?
I believe in having a good heart and being kind to others.
It's understandable that you should feel this way.
Shift workers often have problems sleeping because it's hard to create a quiet, dark atmosphere during the day.
I'm very impressed to read your profile.
You do realise that I won't be able to come, don't you?
Jellyfish make up up to 40% of the biomass of the ocean.
Volcanic eruptions in Tonga have created a new island.
When Tom was a kid, he used to collect his father's cigarette butts until he had enough tobacco to roll a cigarette for himself.
Tom bought a packet of cigarettes under age, and claimed he was buying them for his father.
Tom loves telling the story about how he and Mary met.
Tom's kids were in fits of laughter when he was telling them about some of the things he used to get up to as a kid.
All the seating areas are taken.
I can't believe I'm saying this out loud.
I don't want another drink.
You never told me about this. That's not right.
You know who Tom is, don't you?
You know who Mary is, don't you?
Cows like to eat grass.
I love chocolates, especially those with nuts.
"I love you," he whispered.
"I love you," she whispered.
He stared straight at her.
Everyone must obey the rules. Those who don't will be punished.
The new product's sales exceeded expectations.
I want to open my own restaurant.
Tom wants to open his own restaurant.
I enjoy long walks on the beach.
This is a well-written book.
Mary was embarrassed by her badly cooked dinner.
Whatever he said, it's not true.
Whatever she said, it's not true.
Whatever he told you, it's not true.
Whatever she told you, it's not true.
It's not the same without you.
Mary cut herself while she was chopping up onions.
I crave knowledge.
Why don't you just admit that you're wrong?
Tom sat down on a rock and removed a stone from his shoe.
Fucking hell.
Be careful swimming in the sea.
I got it from someone.
I like walking along the beach having a conversation.
Mary sat cross-legged on the bed.
You've got to be pretty patient to teach someone how to drive.
India is my country.
A dog puts its tail between its legs and cowers when it's frightened.
"What's your name?" "Mary," the little girl said shyly.
"What's your name?" "Tom," the little boy said shyly.
If I were you, I wouldn't worry.
I don't really want to talk to you at the moment.
I don't really want to talk to you right now.
Don't gawk at me.
Tom's foot slipped on a rock and he lost his balance.
College graduates earn on average over fifty per cent more than those with only a high-school degree.
Tom was wearing moccasins.
Can you tell me what he said?
Can you tell me what she said?
Tom liked teasing his sister.
Tom likes teasing his sister.
Mary liked teasing her brother.
Mary likes teasing her brother.
When Tom was in kindergarten, he drew a picture of his family.
Tom likes most of his teachers.
Isn't this fun, Tom?
There are better constructed languages than Esperanto.
The wind bit her cheeks.
The cold wind bit her cheeks.
Mom, look what I found.
Tom has a ten-speed bike.
Do you need help with something?
This wealthy hedge fund manager has a home in the Hamptons.
I could hear Mary crying on the phone.
So you talked to Tom?
So you talked to Mary?
You have to take off your shoes before you can come in.
Please don't tell him.
Please don't tell her.
"Please don't tell him." "I won't say anything."
"Please don't tell her." "I won't say anything."
How much of our body is water?
Tom is always impeccably dressed.
Tom is playing in the front yard with his mother and siblings.
The girl smiled at him, but he did not smile back.
She wiped a tear from her cheek.
Mary rummaged through her purse.
The only thing that really scares me is the thought of losing you.
We went on a date by the river.
We want to have a baby.
When I was little, I spent a lot of time in the country with my grandparents.
The police consider Tom a suspect.
You have no idea, do you?
I'm allergic to seafood.
Do you prefer mussels or oysters?
Do you prefer lobster or crab?
Do you like smoked oysters?
He wasn't your brother.
Her hair cascaded down over her shoulders.
Her long hair cascaded down over her shoulders.
Her lush hair cascaded down over her shoulders.
She laughed, with tears in her eyes.
She took offense at something.
Excuse me. I must use the powder room.
What's so special about her anyway?
I think we should change the topic.
When I arrived at the airport, the wind was blowing hard.
When I got to the airport, there was a strong wind.
When I arrived at the airport, the wind was blowing a gale.
She took offence at something.
She felt hurt by something.
Something offended her.
Please let me know if you feel hurt by anything I said.
Anyone can hurt a painter.
The bar was packed.
Anyone can wrong a painter.
I only wish to speak with you calmly.
The bride greatly resented being left at the church.
Her attitude irks me.
She was offended by something.
I resented his superiority.
Their antics were driving me frantic.
His ways are driving me up the wall.
The French word 'oiseau', meaning 'bird', is the shortest one to contain five different vowels.
Thank you, too.
We are always hungry.
Her silence seemed to confirm suspicions that she was hiding something.
Tom regrets that there are so few photos of his childhood.
Tom has a ten-speed bicycle.
Tom, look what I found under the sofa.
How are you and Tom getting along?
How are you and Mary getting along?
What would Tom do if he found out?
What would your boyfriend do if he found out?
What would Mary do if she found out?
What would your girlfriend do if she found out?
"Look what I found under the sofa!" "I think that's one of my old socks."
Mary had dark circles under her eyes.
Tom has dark circles under his eyes.
They were drinking champagne.
Get down on all fours.
That wasn't what I wanted to hear.
"Do you love me?" "Of course I do."
Would you leave your wife for me?
Would you leave your husband for me?
I'll cook bacon and eggs.
Do you like Canadian bacon?
I woke up gasping for air.
Tom seemed surprised by this.
Set the countdown and run like hell.
The article was well researched and insightful.
I don't like your patronising tone.
The escalator quickly stopped.
Do you want to impress me?
What he needs is a swift kick in the tokhes.
The kind of music one listens to is a matter of preference.
It's a reasonable price.
Thank you all for the good wishes!
Thank you all for the congratulations!
This is a risqué site.
Tom couldn't find the words to express how he was feeling.
Tom's been going through a rough patch lately.
Alienation is a common theme of twentieth-century literature.
Why are you so dressed up? Where are you going?
You don't need to get all dressed up. It's an informal event.
My luggage hasn't arrived yet.
Imagine punching somebody so hard that they turned into a door. Then you found out that's where all doors come from, and you get initiated into a murder club that makes doors. So there are like super strong murderers who punch people into venetian doors and shit.
What is the charge for extra luggage?
This is the wrong way!
How long is the train delayed?
This is an obscene site.
Tom, I think that girl is waiting for you.
When will she come home?
She's waking up.
I decided to tell him that I love him.
I decided to tell her that it was her that I loved.
Mary is staying in a homeless shelter.
I came home empty handed.
The big fish loves the deep.
Allan Kardec is my favorite writer.
This is a reasonable price.
Tom can't make up his mind choosing between a Toyota or a Ford car.
Everyone keeps on smiling.
Please let me pass.
What am I gonna do with his letter?
I am getting bored.
Mary cut herself while she was mincing onions.
You're homesick, aren't you?
I got something else on my mind.
As often as not, I lay awake all night.
I love traveling alone.
I'm terrible at tennis.
I don't want to go shopping all alone.
I stay up late every night.
I'm bad at tennis.
I'm not good at tennis.
I don't want to go shopping by myself.
I want to become a singer.
I want to become a doctor.
I want to read that book.
I want to die soon.
I can't wait to die.
I want to go back to being a baby.
I wish I were a baby again.
I want to become a good listener.
I don't think I can love two people at the same time.
She is neither at home nor at school.
I think that we will manage to succeed.
You will never manage to forget me.
Perhaps you will never manage to walk.
You will never manage to find Tom.
Your father is very tall, isn't he?
It's raining today; so where is my umbrella?
I have to go to the bank this morning.
I have decided to tell him that I like him.
I want to become both physically and mentally stronger.
I want to hear Tom's voice.
I want to eat some Korean food that isn't hot and spicy.
I want to eat some Korean food that isn't spicy.
I want to eat ramen.
I want to eat Chinese noodles.
I want to eat either ice cream or shaved ice.
I want to eat pizza.
I want to eat something that isn't sweet.
I want to eat something that I can only eat here.
It's cold, so I want to eat something hot.
It's hot, so I want to eat something cold.
I want to play tennis with you someday.
I want to go to another country.
I really want to know what's going on here.
I really want to know what's happening here.
I'd like to sing a song.
I want to go on a trip with you.
I'd like a glass of wine.
I'd like to sleep a little longer.
I'd like to climb Mt. Fuji once again.
I want to go there again.
I want to go there once again.
I am going to tell you the truth.
If only I could help you.
I have a message to deliver to you.
I've read hundreds of books.
You are guilty.
Are we really in 2015?
The train is leaving! Hurry up!
Hurry up! The train is about to leave.
The train was almost empty.
I've got to get on this train.
Capricious as April.
Sumo is a Japanese martial art.
I'll meet you there in one hour.
Tom is young and ambitious.
Is Tom left-handed or right-handed?
You're too clever for your own good.
A taxi is expensive.
Tom is playing outside.
How did she know my name?
Excuse me, where is the beach?
Thank you for your sympathy card.
Your kind words are a source of strength for me at this difficult time.
I don't have time to read this book.
A tiger never changes his stripes.
I have no time to read this book.
I don't have time for reading this book.
I don't have the time for reading this book.
Tom spoiled the movie for Mary by telling her how it ends.
Did it work?
Some well-meaning people think that those who are depressed should just pull their socks up and get on with life.
I don't sleep much.
Will you stay at home or go to school today?
What date is today?
Where does she leave?
I do not believe you.
You were always on my mind.
You do not know the truth.
I am from Turkey.
What is your password?
I am looking for a cheap hotel.
Could you write down the address, please?
Can you tell me where I can find a guest house?
When is the breakfast served?
I could not understand.
The fan doesn't work.
The pillow isn't clean.
Can I leave my luggage here?
Can I have my keys?
Has anybody left me any message?
Can you get my bill ready?
Could I have these clothes ironed?
Do you need a deposit?
I have locked myself out of my room.
You must follow the rules.
The refrigerator is open.
I called on her.
I'm gonna tell you the truth.
Dammit, I've been ninja'd again!
The issue seems much more complicated.
Let's properly celebrate my last exam.
I'll give it to you for free.
He is a terrible fidget.
"Where's Tom?" - "In the other room, packing his bags."
She ran out of money.
This isn't the end of the story yet.
It's not the end of the story yet.
Don't interrupt me!
Today I had some kipper for breakfast.
The gardener was the murderer.
It is only January and already Easter eggs and Hot Cross Buns are appearing in the shops.
The gift of a calendar with European snow scenes is a delight when the temperature outside is degrees C.
It is impossible to obtain the services of a tradesman in January in Australia. They are all on holiday.
The murderer is always the gardener.
The gardener turned out to be a murderer.
The murderer was the gardener.
Tom threw out his old personal papers and sent them to be shredded.
Tom received a certificate confirming his documents had been destroyed.
The gardener turned out to be the murderer.
Don't worry about whether or not you get the right answers.
My sister's getting married to one of her old classmates.
I haven't seen any bus-stops nearby.
Do you know where the bus-stop is?
"The Simpsons" is one of my favourite TV shows.
You could at least do a bit of study.
I don't know if when we die, we go to heaven, hell or nowhere, but I wouldn't want to risk it.
I don't know if if we run in the rain, we get more wet than if we just walked.
If I use the more expensive shampoo, my hair will be more "silky" than if I just use the normal one.
What are you talking about, she's nothing like me!
She said that if my homework's too difficult, I can go to her for help.
The newer cars are at least ten thousand dollars more expensive than the earlier ones from the nineties.
The gardener was a murderer.
The Japanese flag is a white rectangle with a red circle in the centre representing the sun.
Tom's favorite movie is "Planet of the Squirrels."
Tom's favorite movie is "Rise of the Planet of the Squirrels."
This movie is about a squirrel who gains human-like intelligence.
He asked me out to dinner.
Tom asked me out to dinner.
Tom is a super-intelligent squirrel.
I've never seen him laugh.
I've never seen her laugh.
My daughter sings in the choir.
What an elegant yacht!
Tom is strikingly handsome.
Tom is a young and handsome man.
Who are the two women over there?
He looks just like a guy I know.
She looks just like a guy I know.
She looks just like a girl I know.
People usually shake hands when they meet for the first time.
Don't ever touch me again.
If you ever touch me again, I'll kill you.
I want to know all the details.
I want to know absolutely everything.
I don't want you to lie to me.
My mother's father is my maternal grandfather.
I looked the other way.
Let's fall in love.
Many of the world's greatest discoveries happened by pure chance.
Mary, are you in there?
I had no idea that Tom and Mary had split up.
Could you water my garden for me while I'm away?
I don't particularly like him, but I don't wish him any harm.
He is dead.
He writes poems and novels.
The Copts are the native Christians of Egypt.
I have to help Tom clean his room.
Europe is an old continent with a long, rich history.
The whole world will be mobilized to stop them.
"Are you angry at me?" "You bet I am!"
On second thought, let's go out to eat.
Seeing as you won't be here on your birthday, I thought I'd give you your present now.
Tom, you're such a big meanie.
Stop being a jerk, you meanieface!
"You're ugly." "Your mom is ugly." "Your mom's face is ugly."
I'm glad I was able to be useful to you.
The moments conspired and brought us together.
One vacancy remains to be filled.
Be sincere with me.
This is more than exceptional.
Faith divides us in belief and unites us in slaughter.
But is it true that tomorrow you get older?
Unfortunately, I'm not sure he'll succeed.
We're not gonna make it, are we?
You're ill, aren't you?
They had to abandon their vehicles in the snow.
He began to abase the man behind his back.
It's quite right to abominate people who are evil-doers.
I am thinking day and night.
I'm happy I could help.
Duplicates of this sentence have been deleted.
It just doesn't look right.
It doesn't look right.
I haven't done this in ages.
The kitchen is downstairs.
He's Canadian.
They danced until six in the morning.
You have to follow the rules.
You need to follow the rules.
Osiris, Anubis, and Horus are some of the most famous ancient Egyptian deities.
She was an extraordinary woman.
Mary was an extraordinary woman.
Tom and Mary struggled to make ends meet.
They struggled to make ends meet.
Nut was the Egyptian goddess of the sky.
The ancient Egyptians believed that Nut swallowed the sun, which travelled through her body during the night to be reborn at dawn.
Horus was often depicted as a falcon, or as a man with a falcon head.
Tom will do it when he comes in.
Don't touch this with your dirty hands.
Tutankhamun was the son of Akhenaten.
I won't make the same mistake next time.
"Why didn't you tell me?" "You never asked."
Mary buried her toes in the warm sand.
I don't know why you listen to him.
I don't know why you listen to her.
He married her for her money.
When reading certain comments, people can completely lose faith in humanity.
Do you have a 401(k)?
Do you have a retirement plan?
She is homesick.
Mario Draghi is the head of the European Central Bank.
There won't be an alternative.
I love him... I think.
I'm only going to show you once.
I will show it to you only once.
The doctor is examining him right now.
Tom told me that I didn't tell you anything.
Are we already leaving?
Tell Tom that I don't need his help!
I'm going to stop by your office tomorrow.
I'll try to get a little sleep.
Does Tom like Maria?
Do you go to school on Sundays?
Look at me in the eyes.
How can one live without pork?
There is something that Tom didn't tell Maria.
In some cases, emeralds can be worth more than diamonds.
Rubies are one of most beautiful gems in the world.
You needed to arrive earlier.
Thank you very much for the useful advice.
I always cry when I see this picture.
She and I didn't live together until marriage.
I like this airline's in-flight meal.
What is worse: Love without money or money without love?
I'm also going to school.
I wish I could live my life doing only what I wanted to do.
Tom heard a knock and walked over to the door to open it.
You don't have to say anything you don't want to say.
This is smaller than Tokyo.
We all knew about it.
He rarely writes to his father.
It makes me sad to think of her death.
In the cold light of day, Tom could see that he should have handled things differently.
That's greed.
I fell into the spikes.
"How come you know Upper and Lower Sorbian anyway?" "I've been learning both languages for the past several years."
I pressed B to build up speed, I jumped and fell into the pit.
Are you going to school?
I'm a student. And you?
Google doesn't know everything.
Google collects the private information of their users.
I don't like her anymore.
Lyrics are generally copyright protected, since they're a part of songs, which are generally also copyright protected.
I think that some companies should be fined for violating privacy laws.
There is no way to go there.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
If you don't want to say anything, you don't have to.
If you don't want to sing, you don't have to.
If you don't want to give a speech, you don't have to.
You don't have to say anything if you don't feel like it.
"Ombudsman" is one of the widely used words that have been borrowed from Swedish.
The two of us are finally alone.
"Sauna" is one of the few widely used words that have been borrowed from Finnish.
We're finally alone.
Blacker than a moonless night, hotter and more bitter than hell itself... That is coffee.
Men are like colonies of bacteria. The more heat you apply, the faster they grow.
The patio is very small.
It's time to go up.
He may be intelligent, but he is not wise.
He studies in the hope of becoming a doctor.
Be honest with me.
On a separate sheet of paper, describe your best friend: age, where he or she lives, his or her job, etc.
Don't forget to do your homework, okay?
I will not be able to give you a lesson tomorrow.
I will not be able to teach you tomorrow.
Welcome to our first class in Italian.
In our next class, we will study the days of the week, the months, and the seasons.
Don't skip classes, okay?
Based on the information that I've given you, what story would you come up with?
When will the Japanese classes start?
When will the Italian classes start?
When will the Japanese course start?
When will the Japanese class start?
When will the Italian class start?
When will the Italian course start?
Choose a song and transcribe the lyrics.
Choose a song and transcribe the words.
Tom sat at the bar and exchanged some friendly banter with the locals.
For the next class, I want you to transcribe the lyrics from a song by any singer as long as it's in English.
What did you try to do?
As far as we know, we humans are alone in the universe.
I would have said yes.
Tom rarely reveals his private persona to the outside world.
Why didn't you come to ask me earlier?
What about putting together a group on Facebook so we can discuss studying foreign languages?
I would've said yes.
I would've said no.
Tears of joy streamed down Mary's face as Tom said, "I do."
Denial is one of the strongest human defence mechanisms.
If you say exactly what's on your mind all the time, you're likely to upset a lot of people.
Children haven't learned how to self-censor, and are likely to say very inappropriate things at very inappropriate times.
We all self-censor, often without even realising it, that is, we tailor our words and actions to suit the occasion.
I like to hike in the mountains.
Don't mind the money at all.
Tom's a creature of habit, and does pretty much the same things every day.
Tom was wearing a suit tailored especially for him, with his name embossed in gold on the inside coat pocket.
And if she is wrong?
I don't give enough to give a fuck.
I don't give enough fuck about Tom to even hate him.
What is a religious sect?
You've been here for five hours.
We do not have enough strength to follow our reason completely.
We have not strength enough to follow our reason so far as it would carry us.
Tom thought the used car salesman was trying to rip him off.
We do not have enough strength to follow our reason fully.
We are too weak to obediently follow our reason.
The planets circle the Sun.
Lately I've been finding everything boring.
Recently, everything seems boring to me.
True love is like the appearance of ghosts: everyone talks about it but few have seen it.
True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about but few have seen.
True love is like a ghost: everyone speaks of it, but few have seen it.
There is real love just as there are real ghosts; every person speaks of it, few persons have seen it.
Tom is not a true warrior.
Mario, stop calling me gay! I'm straight!
I see much future potential in you.
You can have three guesses.
What were you and Tom doing in the attic?
If I'd wanted to go, I would've said so.
If I want to go, I'll let you know.
I want to know as soon as anything happens.
If I'd wanted your opinion, I'd have asked for it.
Let me know as soon as anything happens.
Tom refused to admit it.
She refused to admit it.
"How are you?" "I'm great, and you?" "I'm great also, thanks!"
May I have your phone number, please?
May I have your email, please?
Could you spell that for me, please?
"Do you have a nickname?" "Yes, it's Rick."
Milk was sold in glass bottles.
Do you have a nickname?
I hope we can be good friends.
How did you get your nickname?
Who gave you your nickname?
The train was ready to depart.
He didn't notice me.
She didn't notice me.
Tom had no idea that his hot water heater was leaking until he got a very large excess water bill.
We love each other, but we don't have sex anymore.
We love each other, but we don't make love anymore.
He refused to admit it.
To execute cannot show mercy.
I think this is a serious and reliable person.
She seems to me a serious and reliable person.
He seems to me a serious and reliable person.
She interrupted me.
Please answer this question one more time.
Answer this question once more, please.
Please answer this question again.
Answer this question again, please.
Answer this question once again, please.
Excuse me, do you know what time it is?
What should we call this hybrid?
Is Robin Hood alive?
Are you free the day after tomorrow?
I need three markers.
How do you say XXX in English?
How do you say XXX in Portuguese?
How do you say XXX in your language?
Is my Italian so bad?
Is my French really that bad?
How old were these kids?
How old were your kids when you moved to Boston?
He interrupted me.
If I ever turn into an alcoholic, I'll surely go on vacation to Antalya.
After a while, Tom joined him.
After a while, Tom joined her.
My English isn't that bad actually.
Can you please correct my Turkish?
Tom sang to Maria.
Open your book on page nine.
If he is tired, let him go to sleep.
If she is tired, let her go to sleep.
Tom was one of many to voice opposition to the proposal.
Tom sang for Mary.
If you don't want to do it, it's not a problem.
Tom conducted himself in a gracious and dignified manner during his court appearance.
Tom decided then and there to never let this happen again.
Are we eating out tonight?
Are we going to eat out tonight?
Tom's new puppy is so small he can fit into the palm of your hand.
I can't work out what you're on about.
Tom ran barefoot in the snow.
Many of our customers are from Canada.
Our company has been voted one of the top best companies to work for.
He made it very clear that he'd like to go out with you.
Tom made it very clear that he wants to go out with you.
Did she send you?
Did he send you?
It's an ongoing process.
He barely speaks to me anymore.
She barely speaks to me anymore.
This company has a customer loyalty program.
The pizza will be here in five minutes.
Thanks a lot. I appreciate that.
"He seemed like he was kind of flirting with you." "You think?"
I saw a large snake today.
Mary and Kate have been friends since high school.
Let me just finish this sentence.
Tom is really smart and also kind of cute.
Mary is really smart and also pretty.
I didn't expect to ever see him again.
I didn't expect to ever see her again.
My brother and I are about the same age.
My sister and I are about the same age.
Mary has a cute boyfriend.
Tom has a cute girlfriend.
Come on, Tom. It'll be fun.
Tom has a secret.
Tom is really jealous and he gets mad when other guys talk to me.
Mary is jealous and she gets mad when other girls talk to her boyfriend.
Tom is a world-class athlete.
Are you and Tom getting back together?
Hi, I'm Mary and my friend here is Kate.
Your dad is really cool.
"Your dad is really cool." "Not really."
I've never seen her this angry.
The pupil has to improve.
I live on the top floor of a six storey apartment block.
I used to run a small bookstore in a shopping centre.
You have to enter your house number, suburb, post code and street seperately.
You enter text into the box at the top of the page and press "OK".
Mononymous persons can't apply for a job.
I don't know many people who like to watch schlock films.
His company did cheaply produced pornography and schlock films.
I don't even know what that means.
My brother is getting a namechange.
I'm getting a haircut on Wednesday.
I don't know anybody who likes these films.
Tom just sent me an email.
"Death Note" is one of my top ten favourite TV series.
I don't know if there's any country on Earth where you can marry your pet dog.
Many common words we use today were once coined in fiction.
As we no longer alter the spellings of loanwords to match typical English spelling conventions, this leads to many words with unusual spellings, like "guanxi", "qarin", "kawaii" and "burqa".
He has a massive comic book collection, with an estimated combined value of over a thousand dollars.
My DVD collection is absolutely miniscule.
How many games do you have in your collection?
There are many simple games which can be played with just paper and pencil, such as hangman and tic-tac-toe (sometimes called naughts and crosses).
Sometimes I see blades of grass in my cat's vomit.
I'd say a vocabulary of three thousand is particularly solid and certainly a good starting point.
The customer's always right, even when they're not.
The grade seven and the grade eight students both have completely separate timetables.
There were a bunch of highschoolers doing drugs within school grounds.
He uses bitcoins to purchase illicit drugs.
Tom is listening to his iPod.
Mary was listening to her iPod.
Timothy was nicknamed Timmy.
Tom kicked the soccer ball.
They used data from over ten thousand different books to compile their corpus.
She published her article on common misconceptions to her personal blog.
Tom kicked the trash can.
I heard Roger Waters perform The Wall live.
I wrote a post to my blog encouraging men to report experiences with domestic abuse.
Could you give me a ride?
"Are you okay?" "Yeah, I'm fine."
When you get a chance, check out the new restaurant down the street.
Children grow up astonishingly quickly.
My approach is amazingly simple but very effective.
If you can't impress them with skill, impress them with idiocy.
Can you check the tire pressure?
She held my hand firmly.
Her father died last year.
Andi writes a letter to her mother every week.
We reported the theft to the police.
The volcano erupted several years ago.
We have to report to the immigration office.
Mr Basri loves his wife.
He's angry at his child.
It rained five days in a row.
He related his experiences.
He talked about his experiences.
Now we are seven Arabs.
I approve his suggestion.
I don't like what she has done.
I don't see suds.
There's no suds.
My clothes are full of suds.
He is a stranger.
Are you widowed?
I am not widowed.
She is a kook.
He is a kook.
I would like to see Tom one more time.
You are being a kook.
I would like to see Tom once more.
I prefer translating old sentences to adding new ones.
Life is so unjust sometimes.
Sometimes, life is so unjust.
Sometimes, life is so unfair.
The mass of lava covered the side of the mountain.
I don't intend to get mixed up in your business.
The only language Tom can speak is French.
Why aren't there audio files for Arabic?
She liked to boast about the magnificent chandeliers in her house.
I like your book.
There's a large carpet on the floor.
Tom is cooking breakfast.
I thought I could trust you.
They argue a lot.
The school has a dress code.
Where is this place?
A white boat came into sight.
My toes are freezing.
Do you know where the zoo is?
Women in Africa have shorter and curlier hair.
It's the perfect place for an ambush.
Be careful. It's the perfect place for an ambush.
I can listen to what I want.
I will choose one.
I will choose one of them.
I need to choose the one I want.
Are you and Tom still together?
Are you and Mary still together?
Tell it to the marines!
One has to change the words.
She's capable of anything.
He's capable of anything.
Let's take a pause. I cannot continue any longer.
When is it going to happen?
You're only as much as you settle for.
Belle brightened the day of everyone that knew her with her cheerful perspective on life, a reflection of her faith.
Many soldiers were killed here.
There were empty cans scattered all over the place.
There is cat hair all over the place.
Once upon a time, in a land not very different to yours lived a beautiful young woman named Belle.
He was a cruel man.
Shall we drink something?
We'll have plenty of time for that later.
I don't know exactly where I am.
Labor created man.
Germany's minimum wage is 8.euros an hour.
Show me the way, please.
The last guest did that.
Can anyone confirm your story?
I want him to stop erasing his comments immediately.
Let's jump into the water.
He puts his money in the bag.
There are too many bridges in this city.
That liquid is harmful.
Do you have WhatsApp?
The elevator's out of order, so we'll have to take the stairs. At least it's only two floors!
He speaks fluent Russian, or at least that's what he told me.
That smells nice.
I'm not the least bit worried about losing my job.
That's probably going to fall.
Who allowed her in?
I watched this movie last night and I really liked it.
I like the way that smells.
All right everyone, listen up.
I invited my friends over for coffee.
Tom accidentally cut his finger with a knife while chopping carrots.
I've got bills to pay.
I never heard from them again.
I never heard from her again.
The researchers made a surprising discovery.
The scientists made a surprising discovery.
Not everyone was happy.
When are your parents coming home?
We went along the narrow road.
Where is my comb?
Where's the phone book?
Will you be the only person present?
After it stopped raining, she went out for a walk.
Paint one end of the rod red and the other end blue.
The idiots are always yelling at each other for stupid reasons.
I've never actually been there, but I know where you're talking about.
The truth is really clear.
I went to school.
Armin broke the window.
Marjane caught the cat.
He chopped the carrot.
My son went to Iran.
He visited Tehran.
I didn't eat the hamburger.
I was in Iran.
Her face was red.
She dyed her hair red.
I grew up in Shiraz.
I lay down on the bed.
I lived in Tehran.
She locked herself in her bedroom.
We are from Germany.
He looks unhappy.
I approach my destination.
Is it here that the bus stops?
Does the bus stop here?
"You don't understand anything!" "I don't even pretend to."
I paid attention.
Why do you always take everything on yourself like that? Why don't you rely more on us?
The song I want to sing is one that you know.
What's the matter, darling?
Do you know if there's a steam room anywhere around here?
He finally arrived!
The words need rearranging.
The word order has to be changed.
The word order needs to be changed.
You have to change the word order.
It's a great pity you don't know him.
It's a great pity you don't know her.
Go tell those fibs to someone else.
Snow year, corn year
The man drinks water.
What are you cooking today?
The word "злой" is the only monosyllabic Russian adjective.
He used to go to the museum on Sundays.
The Julian calendar was in force in Russia.
The islet stands out above the water.
The islet protrudes above the water.
As happiness doesn't exist, we have to strive to be happy without it.
Why don't you take some pictures of yourself with scenery of Boston in the background?
Since happiness doesn't exist, we have to strive to be happy without it.
Tom's the last person I would've expected to have a heart attack.
Tom works for a small company.
Will you have paid your house off by the time you're fifty?
Tom slowly retreated.
Tom slowly drew back.
Will you still be here when I get back?
He watered the rose bush.
The secret of longevity is to choose your parents carefully.
A lot's happened while you've been away.
Men whose mothers had breast cancer run a higher risk of developing prostate cancer.
has been declared the International Year of Light by the United Nations.
I was the one who knocked on the door.
I'm the one who takes out the garbage.
I'm the one who always washes the dishes.
I'm the one who has the key.
I'm the one who pays all the bills.
The storm is gathering in intensity.
This will most likely be one of the largest blizzards in the history of New York City.
The Great Blizzard of was one of the most severe blizzards in the history of the United States.
The schools are closed today.
The schools are closed today because of the snow.
Most schools are closed today.
He is the boss of our department.
I am a member of the firm.
The train is made up of seven cars.
If you don't want to talk to me, that's OK.
If you don't want to answer, you don't have to.
If you don't want to reply, you don't have to.
I can employ you in my company.
I can hire you in my company.
I added yet another sentence.
May I tell you a little secret?
Their honesty is questionable.
Their honesty is dubious.
I'm sorry, I don't speak Hungarian.
I have nothing to say to any of you.
I don't have anything to say to any of you.
She's the woman I desire.
You should eat slower.
He studied for an hour and a half every day.
It's possible, right?
They seem to be concerned with nuclear weapons.
I don't know what will happen with you.
I don't know what will happen to you.
I don't know what will become of you.
I think that, and then I forget.
What he has just said has offended me.
And he's gonna get away with it?
The world needs more affections.
The world needs more tenderness.
The ground was covered in snow.
Any drugs or weapons?
There are sentences whose translation into certain languages doesn't make sense and, therefore, should be avoided.
The Russian language is a Slavic language spoken natively in Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, and is widely used, although without official imprimatur, in Latvia, Estonia and many other countries that form the constituent republics of the former Soviet Union.
There are sentences whose translation into certain languages is senseless and, therefore, should be avoided.
The outcome of the upcoming election will be the hardest ever to predict.
You must have a sense of humour to use our products.
All forecasts have a certain degree of uncertainty.
We should do something this weekend.
Apple sold million iPhones this quarter.
Tom doesn't have a credit card or a bank account.
Tom doesn't have a bank account.
Smart watches are becoming more and more popular.
Do you have a steady girlfriend?
It was Christmas.
It was midnight.
Dawn was breaking.
There was a cool wind.
He was dying.
We were roommates.
A refreshing breeze blew.
You were washed.
He was going to be invited.
She was good-hearted.
She was very pale.
She was miserable.
Gandhi was shot dead.
It was only a whim.
It was only a passing fad.
I was self-confident.
She was away.
It was a general strike.
That was a passtime.
I don't like your dad.
He was sleeping.
He had been embarrassed.
He had been inconvenienced.
He was very drunk.
She was very rich.
In the night, I once again had the same dream.
Everything was being burnt to ashes.
There were various delicacies.
It was very mild!
We were a couple.
We were reading.
That was a shepherd.
He wasn't someone you'd suspect.
He wasn't worthy of suspicion.
He didn't seem suspicious.
He was an idol.
Tom was crying out.
Tom was shouting.
It was a terrible week.
There were two pies.
Once, it was the stone age.
I was talkative.
I missed this deadline again!
I missed this appointment once again!
It seems I'm going to be up all night tonight.
It seems I'll be staying up all night tonight.
Tom died in Rome.
She's in Boston.
Tom grew up in a one-horse town.
The E-type Jaguar was an iconic sports car in the 1960s.
Tom was surprised that Mary was still up.
What are you doing up at this time of night?
How come I'm the only one who ever mows the lawn around here?
It is rare to find a Nepali translator.
We hope it rains today.
A long time ago when Pluto was still a planet, there was a boy named Tom.
Women change the world.
You have to be polite.
I want to be promoted.
A resume is just an advertisement.
I am blonde, of course.
"Okay, Kimi, we need to keep working all four tyres please, keep working all four tyres." "Yes, yes, yes, yes, I'm doing that all the time. You don't have to remind me every ten seconds."
Mary lay awake half the night, listening to Tom snoring.
Tom lay awake for a long time thinking about what he should do.
Tom insisted he hadn't been drinking, but his slurred speech and unsteady gait gave him away.
They reached their destination.
The song "I Am Woman" by Helen Reddy became the unofficial anthem of the Women's Liberation Movement.
Yesterday I went to wash in the river.
This should be washed.
You should wash this.
Everything can be used.
I'm washing my hands.
Get on the bus bound for Badstraße, and get off at Seestraße.
I'm washing my hands of the guilt.
The dedicated bike zone is most often at the rear of the train.
It is about eight kilometers.
Miss Colombia is sexier and more beautiful than Miss Venezuela.
A sure method to be rich is to be born rich.
Language is a code.
Esperanto is everyone's language.
Are you a good cook?
Come and see!
The ampersand means "and".
It's both raining and blowing.
Take it and go!
When does it close?
It is already August.
Tigers are bigger and stronger than cats.
I have a huge sailboat.
I can't come today or tomorrow either.
The girls laughed loudly.
I consume sugar.
Actions are successfully achieved with deliberation but ruined by carelessness.
We welcomed her decision.
The natives are restless.
The negotiations are on a knife's edge, and could go either way.
This is a plant of the species Schlumbergera truncata.
Tom goes from Boston to Chicago with his car via the usual route.
The coin is made out of gold.
The applicant didn't know how to answer the question.
is the product of times 10.
The natural logarithm of e is 1.
Tom talks to Tom (the other one).
Tom has sex with Mary.
Discover a new world.
The Three Forks is a bar serving beer, and its target audience are travellers.
The badger bit the boy.
The toilet is small.
We have a small house.
He is running around like a headless chicken.
The two most important people in the meeting are Tom and Mary.
If the weather's good tomorrow, let's go to the river to swim.
If it's a good day tomorrow, let's go to the river to swim.
The garden belongs to the house.
"Hello," "Hi, may I speak with Tom, please." "Excuse me, you probably made a mistake."
This area is pressurized.
I want to learn Persian.
How's the weather in Iran?
Do you want to learn Persian?
Have you ever been to Tehran?
Persian is not a difficult language.
My mother was killed in an accident.
Tom's consumption of coffee doubled after he became captivated by the stunning beauty of the barista at the coffee shop near his office.
I wasn't sure about that.
I would like to spend more time with my family.
I'd like to spend more time with my family.
People often refer to themselves in the third person when talking to children.
Mary told Tom not to use baby talk when talking to their little daughter.
It's practically impossible not to use baby talk when talking to a young child.
The room was completely silent and everyone stared at me.
The room was completely silent and everyone stared at us.
We need to get you to the hospital.
Wait, there's more.
And that's when she kissed him.
And that's when he kissed her.
Mary smoothed her hair.
Tom tiptoed through the house when he came home at 4:a.m. so as not to wake Mary.
Oh no. What happened?
A young lady came to see him.
This ship needs a captain.
His lips touched hers.
Tom kissed her on both cheeks.
Mary kissed him on both cheeks.
They walked down the beach, holding hands.
He can't treat me like that.
You can't treat me like that.
"This is my fault." "No, it isn't."
Do you want to do something after work?
Do you want to do something after work tonight?
Do you want to do something after school?
Do you want to do something after school tonight?
Seriously, I’m not lying.
Mary wiped the sweat from her forehead.
Tom wiped the sweat from his forehead.
I'll need to make a formal report.
English is a language spoken throughout the world.
There are people who like the summer and people who like the winter.
I wasn't sure of that until several days later, when he came to me and told me what actually happened.
For the time being, I don't have a plan.
So many people are much older than you.
What is your relationship with religion?
My Angolan friend speaks Umbundu.
I can't fix it. It'll have to be replaced.
Laws are there to protect people from themselves.
This is me.
How many arithmetic books are left?
The Grand Prince of Finland pronounced thusly: all who are able to shall take up arms.
The troll army of Russia came knocking at the gate, armed with misinformation and inflammatory statements.
Tom rides high with the ladies, but he doesn't ride them.
Tom underwent an organ transplant surgery.
One explains the other.
Simply dissolve the pill in water and drink.
Kindly clear the table after your meal.
I got rid of my old fridge.
Kindly clear the table after you finish your meal.
These articles are liable to duty.
She doesn't read anything.
I love it.
She will not come today.
She won't come today.
I'm gonna quit putting everything off... Tomorrow.
The first lesson is a taster.
Exactly six years ago I first came to New Zealand.
The state oppresses the people.
The bird is in the sky.
Just jot your name down on a piece of paper.
He approached me after the lesson.
The conversation is drying up.
I think I've mixed them up.
The topics range from easy to more challenging.
Sometimes it can't be avoided.
They talked politics.
The monster literally had eyes in the back of its head. It was really creepy!
Cookie searched for something, but our dog literally barked up the wrong tree.
The answer was easy.
We need a timekeeper.
We have more in common than can be seen at first sight.
Our peoples have more in common than can be seen at first sight.
If we don't make it we need to prolong the period of time.
Tom and others digitized about books and put them online for free access.
I wonder how it came about.
Only when it comes to the tenses and the phrasal verbs is English grammar more difficult than German.
They should go to hell!
Schistosomiasis is a tropical disease that affects millions of people and may lead to severe disabilities or even death.
"Are there no cakes left?" "I ate them both."
I found a tree frog on the wall in my bathroom.
The great kiskadee is a popular bird in Brazil.
Sabrina slipped and spilled coffee all over Mary's dress.
I came across a lot of interesting stories for my new book.
I suspected nothing.
Tom suspects nothing.
You are my closest friend.
In my childhood I had a dog that loved to eat watermelon, mandarins and loquats.
The children are playing in the water.
I'm not the kind of girl you kiss on the first date.
The plane was coated with dust.
They're painting the fence tomorrow.
The city lies on the border between the coastal area and the neighboring highland.
That's an interesting study.
Tom grabbed Mary's right hand with his left hand.
Why didn't you go first?
John went to the bakery to buy bread, but he was disappointed when he found out that there wasn't any.
John went to the bakery to buy bread, but there was no bread. John returns to his home hungry and without bread.
God is not dead, He is surely alive.
God's not dead, He's surely alive. He's living on the inside, roaring like a lion.
Where is the plug for the razor?
What is the voltage?
Where is the registration desk?
The door doesn't lock.
We tend only to notice the details that concern us.
They still have the nerve to talk.
How much vodka does it take to kill you?
I was speaking only German.
I'll bring along a grammar book next time.
I was shocked when I heard the reason Tom gave for his action.
I was shocked when I heard Tom's explanation for his action.
Did it happen recently or much further back?
He takes snapshots. He doesn't ask people to pose.
His question puzzles me.
I got a bit lost. Sorry to have worried you.
Wouldn't you have spoken to me if you knew I was a man?
If I'd known we were going to take a photo, I'd have dressed better than this.
I don't think of Tom as shy, so much as introverted.
Tom celebrated his fortieth the other day, without fanfare or trumpets.
Tom celebrated his fortieth birthday the other day, without pomp or ceremony.
Tom sat down and told me directly: "I'm gay."
He only takes candid pictures, so he doesn't ask people to pose.
They forgot my birthday.
He mixes up words, so his letter is full of blunders.
I'm sorry I can't be by your side during this painful ordeal.
That's how we do it in French.
I want to see Tom once more.
I want to see Tom again.
Tom wants to know if you have heard from Marie.
Tom wants to know if you have heard Marie's news.
We continued to talk.
Do not say "wait".
It's a miracle! The link works!
I don't see anything there.
I'm going to give you the book.
I'll give you the book.
I can't come and see you every day.
I can't come to see you every day.
Don't trust anyone here!
"What do you want the most now?" "Money."
I'm glad I could be useful to you.
Sorry, the position has already been filled.
Tom underestimated Marie.
I sat on the sofa.
I sat on the couch.
Give me a bit more time, please.
Tom isn't here any more.
Do you like your work?
If anything can be done in America, it can be done in New York.
The Romans left their mark in Britain.
Stop being a nuisance!
You have to dedicate yourself to the task.
You have to devote yourself to the task.
Tom is my charge.
I call myself “Tom”.
I am in charge of Tom.
I'm Tom's guardian.
I am Tom's custodian.
Tom gave me three good pieces of advice.
We're slowly nearing the end.
Mary has a difficult relationship with her eldest daughter, who is now 17.
From this moment on it is forbidden to cry.
I didn't do anything yesterday evening. I just lay around on the sofa!
I can only speak French.
There are no two people with the same finger prints.
If I'd known I was going to have my photo taken, I'd have dressed a bit better.
He buckled on his two swords, and started out a new journey.
In geometry, a triangle's Fermat point is a point defined such that its total distance from the three triangle vertices is the minimum possible.
What do you worry about when you go to sleep at night?
What do you think about when you go to sleep?
I have many books that I haven't read.
Be careful, eyes, what you see, cause it's the second glance that ties your hands as darkness pulls the strings.
She worked in Belgium.
Do you know Persian?
Have you read the book already?
Mary's new outfit is guaranteed to turn heads.
Don't you ever speak to me like that again.
How many girls are there in this picture?
All kinds of women inspire me.
I didn't read.
Tom didn't deserve this to happen to him.
My tea is a little too sweet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has many friends.
He still lives with his parents.
Tom can drive, but he chooses not to.
I spend far too much time picking up after you.
Please add a comma after this word.
Tom didn't use the word "impossible."
"What's that?" "How am I supposed to know?"
You still have time to do that before 2:30.
Tom said he'd be busy until 2:30.
Tom will be here till 2:30.
We shouldn't have stayed up till 2:30.
I'll be there at 2:30.
Meet me here again next Monday afternoon at 2:30.
I told Tom to come here tomorrow at 2:30.
See you tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom came about 2:30.
Tom will be here by 2:30.
I didn't realize I was supposed to be here by 2:30.
All I know is that Tom is supposed to be here by 2:30.
We should be able to be there by 2:30.
I'll do my best to be there by 2:30.
I have to be back by 2:30.
I'll do my best to have the report ready by 2:30.
Tom died on October 20, 2013.
I married Tom in 2013.
Tom Jackson lived to be 93.
This is my fiancé.
Can you stay till 2:30?
Why don't we meet at 2:30?
Do you really think you can be here by 2:30?
Let's go to the zoo.
Can you tell me about yourself?
Did you cook this yourself?
Did you choose those songs yourself?
You can always try doing it by yourself.
You shouldn't try to do everything by yourself.
You're going to have to do it yourself.
Come and look for yourself.
Keep your ideas to yourself.
Explain yourself.
You seem to be pleased with yourself.
Draw a picture of yourself.
You need to prepare yourself.
You have to defend yourself.
Can I borrow yours?
Is this pen yours?
Is this all yours?
What's wrong with yours?
Can you lend me yours?
Is this umbrella yours?
My resume isn't as impressive as yours.
Mine is better than yours.
I've never had problems like yours.
I could do everything faster when I was younger.
I was more flexible when I was younger.
You both seem very young.
Maybe you're too young.
You look a little young.
I'd hate to die young.
Why did I ever marry you?
What else can I show you?
Who's going to hurt you?
Why would I hurt you?
Did you get the flowers that I sent you?
How could we forget you?
Don't you know I respect you?
How does that affect you?
You know you're very pretty, don't you?
You know that you're right, don't you?
You know we can't do that, don't you?
You really do change your opinions often, don't you?
You know what I mean, don't you?
You have a guilty conscience, don't you?
You've been to Boston, haven't you?
You've done it before, haven't you?
You're early, aren't you?
You're only pretending to study, aren't you?
You're curious, aren't you?
You're Tom's daughter, aren't you?
You're old enough to drink, aren't you?
You knew that already, didn't you?
You noticed it, too, didn't you?
You can see that I'm tired, can't you?
Why would anyone want to kiss you?
Was it difficult for you?
Would you like me to read it for you?
Is there anything you want me to get for you?
Would you like me to do something about that for you?
Do you want Tom to do that for you?
Do you want me to do that for you?
Why would I do that for you?
Do you really want me to buy this for you?
Should I get Tom for you?
Is that enough for you?
Does my being here bother you?
What else can I do to help you?
Do you want Tom to help you?
Would you like Tom to help you?
Why not let Tom help you?
What's important to you?
What did they do to you?
Why shouldn't Tom talk to you?
Does this belong to you?
Is this confusing to you?
Does this mean anything to you?
Why would we lie to you?
When have I ever lied to you?
You don't have a key, do you?
You don't know what to do, do you?
You don't win very often, do you?
You don't like them, do you?
You don't understand, do you?
How does this concern you?
Did Tom lay a hand on you?
Did Tom ever threaten you?
Look after Tom, will you?
Turn off the TV, will you?
What did they ask you?
What did Tom ask you?
How can I ever thank you?
Why did they attack you?
Is that all right with you?
Do I have to go with you?
Why don't I go with you?
Do you really want me to go to Boston with you?
May I walk with you?
Would you mind if I walk with you?
Can you take this stuff with you?
Do you have your stuff with you?
Do both Tom and Mary live with you?
Would you like me to come with you?
Didn't Tom come with you?
Was that man harassing you?
Was someone helping you?
Who's been watching you?
Would they recognize you?
How will I recognize you?
You haven't changed your mind again, have you?
You haven't eaten, have you?
You haven't solved this problem, have you?
You've never trusted me, have you?
You haven't changed your mind, have you?
Why aren't you using the new pen I just gave you?
Did I invite you?
Did I surprise you?
Why would they hire you?
You weren't worried, were you?
Why would that scare you?
Exactly how old are you?
You're not going to see Tom today, are you?
How can I convince you?
Oh, you noticed that, did you?
You didn't see anyone come in, did you?
Did Tom really say he loved you?
Did I really say I loved you?
Is there something that interested you?
Have I embarrassed you?
Who attacked you?
Of course, I'll marry you.
No one will obey you.
I think I know you.
We've got something to show you.
I recognized you as soon as I saw you.
I can still remember the first time I saw you.
I'd be lonely without you.
I can do it without you.
I don't know what I'll do without you.
It won't be the same here without you.
I try not to worry about you.
I no longer feel that way about you.
Tom knows a lot about you.
I often think about you.
Let's talk about you.
Tom didn't say anything about you.
They don't know anything about you.
We don't know anything about you.
Your mother is worried about you.
I think this might interest you.
I'm sorry I shot you.
I don't want another girlfriend. I want you.
I wish I'd never met you.
Tom will never forget you.
It won't be easy to forget you.
It'll be hard to forget you.
I'd love to meet you.
Tom will be there to meet you.
I really respect you.
I'm starting to doubt you.
Look who beat you.
Tom keeps looking at you.
No one's looking at you.
Tom is laughing at you.
Tonight, I'll miss you.
I've always wanted to kiss you.
The problem is you.
Maybe Tom loves you.
No one believes you.
I hope your new boss likes you.
All I could think about was you.
I wish I could be as happy as you.
I wish I could be as rich as you.
Tom isn't as talented as you.
This is just for you.
This one is just for you.
This is not for you.
Come see what I got for you.
I couldn't wait for you.
I've asked Tom to do that for you.
I intend to do that for you.
Let Tom do that for you.
This fruit isn't for you.
This stuff isn't for you.
These flowers aren't for you.
The message was for you.
I don't know what I can do for you.
We don't have room for you.
I have a message from Tom for you.
I'll try to find Tom for you.
This is all for you.
I'll cook for you.
Tom will be back for you.
I'll be back for you.
So, you don't think I'm good enough for you.
Tom and Mary have been waiting for you.
The boss was looking for you.
I'll cook something for you.
Let me cook something for you.
These three are for you.
I know this has been a hard time for you.
Tom left a message for you.
I hope you like what I made for you.
Apples are good for you.
I guess I'm too old for you.
We'll look after you.
Someone had to stop you.
Don't let anyone stop you.
Sorry, I can't help you.
I wouldn't know how to help you.
None of us will do anything to help you.
Tom won't be able to help you.
We should be able to help you.
I agree to help you.
I intend to help you.
I just wanted to help you.
I tried to help you.
None of us will help you.
I told Tom that I'd help you.
I'll find a way to get the money to you.
I'll have that sent to you.
Let me make it up to you.
They say it's up to you.
I think Tom would listen to you.
Tom says he wants to speak to you.
Tom would like to speak to you.
I was speaking to you.
There's no denying that I'm attracted to you.
We've been trying to warn you.
I think that sweater is too tight on you.
This dress will look better on you.
I'm keeping an eye on you.
This dress will look good on you.
Maybe I should join you.
We believe in you.
I've always believed in you.
Everyone believed in you.
Tom hasn't forgotten you.
I'm stronger than you.
Here's the money I borrowed from you.
They'll try to kill you.
I'm going to kill you.
I'm here to kill you.
They sent me to kill you.
I'll never tell you.
You seem to have some trouble understanding what I'm trying to tell you.
You're going to do exactly as I tell you.
Just do as I tell you.
Remember that I outrank you.
No matter how many flowers you give me, I won't go out with you.
I want to go out with you.
I regret not having been honest with you.
I'd really like to go to the concert with you.
I'd rather not go to Boston with you.
I'd still like to go to Boston with you.
I don't think you should take Tom to Boston with you.
I almost wish I were going to Boston with you.
We're all with you.
I always enjoy being with you.
I'll go anywhere with you.
I won't go there with you.
Let me stay here with you.
Wasn't Tom here with you?
I'd really like to spend some time with you.
Please take me with you.
I can't wait to hug you.
I'll never stop loving you.
I'm angry at you.
Tom loves all of you.
Good luck to both of you.
I lied to both of you.
Shut up, the both of you.
Come here, the both of you.
Let me take care of you.
Your dad will be proud of you.
Tom was afraid of you.
I'm tired of you.
Of course, I forgive you.
No matter how tough it gets, I won't give you.
I'll never deceive you.
Of course, we believe you.
I think I believe you.
Of course I believe you.
I'll come to save you.
Someone will save you.
I knew you'd like what Tom gave you.
I hope you like what we gave you.
I hope you like what I gave you.
I don't want to hate you.
The thing that scares me the most is that I might lose you.
Tom isn't here, I assure you.
I thought I was going to get here before you.
Don't let it trouble you.
Look, I really like you.
I admit that at first I didn't like you.
Not everyone's like you.
You know that I like you.
Tom is going to be very happy to see you.
I'm always happy to see you.
Tom will be happy to see you.
I'd love to see you.
It was really good to see you.
It's so good to see you.
Tom will be pleased to see you.
I have to trust someone. It might as well be you.
I've finally found you.
I still don't understand you.
I'm sorry if I startled you.
I've always liked you.
I urgently need you.
Why aren't you ready yet?
Has Tom asked you out yet?
The results aren't out yet.
Have you made a list yet?
Have you kissed Tom yet?
Have you solved the problem yet?
Why aren't you home yet?
I suggest that we eat now unless you're not hungry yet.
I'm not sleepy yet.
It may not be ready yet.
There are lots of things I haven't told you yet.
I haven't paid this month's rent yet.
Even Tom doesn't know it yet.
Even Tom doesn't know about it yet.
I don't think they've found a cure for that yet.
I haven't fixed that yet.
The stew isn't ready to eat yet.
I haven't read the comments yet.
We don't have the results yet.
I haven't finished this yet.
We don't know the answer yet.
The holidays aren't over yet.
I haven't found anything better yet.
Tom went to bed very late last night, so don't wake him up yet.
We're not open yet.
I haven't explained it to Tom yet.
We haven't found Tom yet.
We haven't actually discussed the problem yet.
I don't have enough yet.
I haven't been shopping yet.
We don't know anything yet.
I haven't received anything yet.
I haven't achieved anything yet.
Tom hasn't packed his suitcase yet.
I haven't been there yet.
We don't even know what time we're supposed to be there yet.
It's strange that Tom isn't here yet.
I haven't heard from anyone yet.
I haven't solved the puzzle yet.
Tom wondered if Mary were awake yet.
I haven't seen that movie yet.
We're not free yet.
No one has voted yet.
I'm not convinced yet.
How was the party yesterday?
How was your interview yesterday?
How was yesterday?
What time did you get up yesterday?
How much milk did you drink yesterday?
How was the meeting yesterday?
Why weren't you able to be here yesterday?
What did you do when you got back home yesterday?
Did you see what happened yesterday?
How was the picnic yesterday?
Tom was busy yesterday.
Tom was lucky yesterday.
I was just thinking about you yesterday.
I'm sorry that I lied to you yesterday.
Don't forget what I told you yesterday.
I told you yesterday.
Tom was out yesterday.
The police arrested a suspect yesterday.
I should've done that yesterday.
Tom should've done this yesterday.
The surgery was yesterday.
I'm smarter today than I was yesterday.
It was fun yesterday.
I got back to Boston yesterday.
I worked until seven yesterday.
We didn't have school yesterday.
I didn't do much yesterday.
Tom didn't eat lunch yesterday.
Tom said he went swimming yesterday.
Let's start where we left off yesterday.
I arrived yesterday.
I got married yesterday.
Why did you say yes?
My answer is still yes.
I'd love to live in Australia for a few years.
We've been good friends for years.
Tom has dyed his hair black for years.
We've lived in this house for three years.
Tom has been in a coma for three years.
Tom hasn't been to Australia for three years.
Where were you last year?
Tom will be in Boston next year.
I want to study French next year.
I don't think Tom is going to study French next year.
I visited Boston last year.
Tom was my roommate last year.
Tom worked here last year.
Tom's father died last year.
I don't want a birthday party this year.
It looks like we're going to have a white Christmas this year.
I'll graduate this year.
Spring came late this year.
I'm getting married this year.
Did you read what I wrote?
What did I say wrong?
Who was wrong?
Who said I was wrong?
You look sad. What's wrong?
Who's wrong?
Is it true that Tom is never wrong?
Was Tom wrong?
Are you saying I'm wrong?
Don't you ever do anything wrong?
Have you done something wrong?
Do you understand the difference between right and wrong?
Tom wondered if Mary would know what was wrong.
Tom couldn't figure out what was wrong.
Tom refused to admit that what he'd done was wrong.
Tom refused to admit that he was wrong.
Tom had to admit that he was wrong.
Tom knows that he was wrong.
I'm glad to see I was wrong.
Well, I guess I'm wrong.
I guess I'm wrong.
I've been doing it all wrong.
You have it all wrong.
They're both wrong.
You didn't say anything wrong.
You never do anything wrong.
I'm not doing anything wrong.
Tom didn't know that he was doing anything wrong.
I don't see anything wrong.
We can't find anything wrong.
I think you've done something wrong.
You've done something wrong.
I've done something wrong.
You did this one wrong.
You always get me wrong.
What've you written?
It seems well written.
You must've already written everything that needs to be written.
You're a great writer.
Tom is a good writer.
Do you know what to write?
Your shirt is wrinkled.
Everything happened just the way I thought it would.
Everything happened just the way Tom said it would.
Tom didn't call Mary like he promised he would.
I think what I'm doing is worthwhile.
Tom didn't say anything worthwhile.
What's it worth?
You could do worse.
It could've been worse.
Next year will be worse.
I expected worse.
You have to stop worrying.
I have to stop worrying.
I try not to worry.
There's no need to be worried.
This is our world.
I've always wanted to travel around the world.
Is that how it works?
Do you understand how this works?
Tom is an assistant manager at the company where Mary works.
I bet it works.
We hope that it works.
It seems that everything works.
I want to workout.
What do you do when you're not working?
It's not yet working.
My plan is working.
This time it worked.
I'm glad that worked.
How will it work?
Why don't you just concentrate on your work?
Did the dishwasher work?
Where do you want to work?
Were you able to get the dishwasher to work?
How do you go to work?
When do you go to work?
Are you going back to work?
Is this really going to work?
Do you really have to work?
Where would you like to work?
Do you really think this will work?
What time do you get off work?
I've finished my work.
Tell us where you work.
I need to spend more time at work.
Tom used to talk to me about what he did at work.
This computer doesn't work.
All you ever think about is work.
All you ever talk about is work.
Don't let me keep you from your work.
It takes me a lot of time in the morning to get ready for work.
Thank you for agreeing to see me after work.
We have to get to work.
I can't go to work.
Tom has gone to Boston to work.
I'm ready to get back to work.
I just want to get back to work.
We have to get back to work.
Tom found a good place to work.
Tom is sometimes absent from work.
Tom wondered if Mary would remember to buy bread on the way home from work.
What you're suggesting doesn't sound like it'll work.
Do you know the right words?
Those were Tom's last words.
I can't express it in words.
What's the meaning of that word?
I don't like that word.
Tom didn't say another word.
I used the wrong word.
They didn't say a word.
I'm still a little woozy.
They went into the woods.
This picture is wonderful.
We don't know who won.
Do you like women?
I still don't understand women.
Your wife is a very lucky woman.
Never interrupt a woman.
I hope there were some witnesses.
Who were you with?
What did you measure it with?
Is there anything I can help with?
Who did you go there with?
Do you still think I'm the one you want to spend the rest of your life with?
What are they armed with?
Tom didn't ask Mary who she was planning to go to Boston with.
Is that what you really wish?
What's your third wish?
That's not very wise.
Cut the red wire.
It'll be a long winter.
I love winter.
There's no chance of winning.
There can only be one winner.
Is it true that cockroaches don't have wings?
Would you like me to get you a glass of wine?
How about a little wine?
I brought a couple of bottles of wine.
Let me get you some wine.
I brought some wine.
Go easy on the wine.
Tom probably thought I liked wine.
May I open the windows?
I washed the windows.
Open your window.
Stop looking out the window.
Tom got up and went to the window.
I suspect it was Tom who broke the window.
Do you think I might win?
Do you think we have a chance to win?
Did we win?
Who should win?
I think it's possible that we may win.
I always win.
Tom can't seem to ever win.
I knew Tom wasn't going to win.
May the best man win.
Tom knew that Mary would win.
Tom knew that he would win.
If you want me to go with you, I will.
Take off your wig.
It looks like a wig.
Where did you meet your wife?
Don't you love your wife?
Would you explain why?
Do you mind if I ask why?
Do you have any idea why?
I needed to know why.
Let's ask ourselves why.
Tom won't tell me why.
Where's your whistle?
Why are you always whining?
You must wait a while.
Tom remained silent for a while.
Tom hoped Mary would stay in Boston for a while.
Who were you with on the Ferris wheel?
Who saw what?
I'll still love you no matter what.
My shoes got wet.
I was wet.
Your hair's not even wet.
They were wet.
I didn't realize how bad off you were.
Tom didn't know who Mary's parents were.
I know what my mistakes were.
Where did you say Tom went?
Do you really know where Tom went?
Tom didn't say anything about how the party went.
Tell me how it went.
Do they pay you well?
How deep is this well?
Did everyone sleep well?
Did everything go well?
Are you doing well?
Are you all doing well?
Do you think Tom did well?
Are you paid well?
I know this city pretty well.
I remember it very well.
Tom couldn't explain it very well.
Tom isn't very well.
This book sells very well.
You play the guitar very well.
Tom plays the organ very well.
My books don't sell very well.
My books sell very well.
I think I speak French very well.
I speak French very well.
Tom's doing very well.
I understood very well.
They did very well.
Tom did very well.
We know each other fairly well.
I think I speak French fairly well.
They've spent their money well.
This time it went well.
I'm sure you meant well.
Maybe I haven't explained it well.
I can't write that well.
I wasn't well.
I don't think Tom is well.
Tom can help you as well.
Tom and Mary are there as well.
Tom will be there as well.
Tom didn't do it so well.
Did the surgery go well?
You've chosen well.
I'm not at all well.
I think you're doing well.
I'm glad to see you're doing well.
Look into the well.
They both did well.
That job paid well.
Constructive criticism is always welcome.
I'm not a weirdo.
Some people are just weird.
Your eyebrows look weird.
Your ideas are weird.
Tom looks like he's lost weight.
Tell Tom that he should lose some weight.
It seems like it's been raining for weeks.
I knew you wouldn't be able to learn enough French in just three weeks.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to learn enough French in just three weeks.
I'll be around for three weeks.
Tom likes to stay at home alone on weekends.
Is it all right if I go to Boston with Tom next weekend?
Do you really have to work this weekend?
Did you enjoy your weekend?
We'll all go to Boston next weekend.
Tom probably thought I was going to Boston with him next weekend.
Tom didn't go to Boston last weekend.
I'll try doing that this weekend.
Was Tom in Boston last week?
Why do you need to go to Boston this week?
Has the pain been this bad all week?
I can't believe Tom really doesn't want to go to Boston with us next week.
We go back to Boston next week.
I wonder if Tom is going to Boston next week.
Let's meet again next week.
We'll be back here next week.
Tom is coming home next week.
I sold my car last week.
Tom was just in Boston last week.
Our band played here last week.
I played here last week.
Tom had to stay in Boston for another week.
I now only work three days a week.
Did you come to my wedding?
Were you at Tom and Mary's wedding?
I don't want Tom at our wedding.
It would be wonderful if you could sing at our wedding.
Why don't you update your website?
I put those photos on my webpage.
We needed this weather.
This is unusual weather.
Do you remember what the girl who was with me last night was wearing?
What do you usually wear?
What should we wear?
Throw down your weapons.
Tom used his umbrella as a weapon.
We don't really have much of a choice, do we?
We're not going to make it in time, are we?
I crossed the road after looking both ways.
Do you feel the same way?
Tom went that way.
I wouldn't go that way.
I recommend you try it this way.
Let's try it this way.
I figured it was easier to do it this way.
I'm afraid we'll get nowhere doing it this way.
My lawyer is on his way.
It always happens the same way.
I also feel the same way.
I'll find a way.
Don't drink this water.
Don't use too much water.
Tom drinks a lot of water.
Tom was thirsty, so he drank a glass of water.
Tom wanted to conserve water.
Tom couldn't eat anything, but he drank a little water.
I was in the water.
What channel are you watching?
Maybe we need to get a watchdog.
What movie do you want to watch?
What kind of movie would you like to watch?
Curling is my favorite sport to watch.
Let's make sure nothing is wasted.
Do you know how much of a loss it was?
Tom wondered who Mary was.
Tom said he had no idea where Mary was.
Tom wondered how good a singer Mary really was.
Tom didn't know what it was.
I remember what it was.
I wonder who it was.
I wondered who it was.
I explained what the matter was.
Tom wondered if Mary knew who his father was.
Tom didn't know who Mary's father was.
Tom didn't tell me who his French teacher was.
Tom didn't know what Mary's phone number was.
I just happened to be there at the same time Tom was.
I explained what the problem was.
Tom wondered who the man standing near the gate was.
Tom probably thought I didn't know who he was.
I hope you can be a better father than I was.
Tom left without warning.
I need a new wardrobe.
Is that what the government wants?
That's what the government wants.
I must go and see what Tom wants.
I have to go and see what Tom wants.
Tom has always been able to get what he wants.
Do you really think that was what Tom wanted?
Did you really think that was what Tom wanted?
Tom didn't know what Mary wanted.
Tom didn't quite understand what Mary wanted.
I always knew that was what you wanted.
I knew that was what you wanted.
Here's the recipe you wanted.
I forgot what Tom wanted.
I'm pretty sure this is what Tom wanted.
Tom didn't know what he wanted.
Tom couldn't do what he wanted.
Tom wasn't able to do what he wanted.
Tom always got everything he wanted.
It wasn't what I wanted.
I wasn't able to get as many as I wanted.
I didn't find anything I wanted.
What do you really want?
Is that what we really want?
What flavor do you want?
Do you know what I want?
What do you think I want?
I don't know what they want.
I'll give you all the money you want.
Think about what you want.
Just do what you want.
Think what you want.
Show me what you want.
Call me what you want.
I'll give you as much money as you want.
I'll buy you anything you want.
Tell me anything you want.
Take it home if you want.
You can always come back here anytime you want.
You can come back here anytime you want.
Call me any time you want.
I know what people want.
This is all I want.
This is the bicycle I want.
Where's your magic wand?
Have you ever lost your wallet?
Has anyone found a wallet?
I forgot my wallet.
Tom asked if I had found his wallet.
Tom couldn't see over the wall.
I prefer walking.
I like walking.
Are we going to walk?
Can you still walk?
Did you have a nice walk?
We were waiting.
Your friends are waiting.
I wouldn't have waited.
Will we have to wait?
There's nothing we can do except wait.
I know you can't wait.
You know I can't wait.
Tom told Mary to wait.
I'm sure you'll wait.
It wasn't worth the wait.
It's worth the wait.
This is a vowel.
We never voted.
Ask Tom if he voted.
No one deserves my vote.
I want to vote.
I'm definitely going to vote.
Who wants to play volleyball?
I've always liked volleyball.
This is really volatile.
Please lower your voice.
I like the sound of your voice.
Who asked for vodka?
My parents are visiting.
Tell me about some of the places you visited.
Tell me about some of the places you've visited.
I really appreciate your visit.
Tom and Mary came to visit.
It's not a virus.
Tom didn't understand Mary's point of view.
We have different points of view.
Look at the view.
Have you seen this video?
This is my new video.
I love this video.
I really like this video.
I saw the video.
Congratulations on your victory.
Tom wants to be a veterinarian.
Do you like venison?
Tom probably thought I was a vegetarian.
Tom didn't like the way Mary cooked vegetables.
Tom says he would've written more if he'd known he should've.
Tom would've gone with you if he could've.
Tom would've gone if he could've.
It has no value.
Is it really so valuable?
Are you on vacation?
Tom wondered where Mary was going to spend her summer vacation.
I'm officially on vacation.
Tom is on vacation.
They're all on vacation.
It was an unforgettable vacation.
This isn't a vacation.
Tom and Mary were wasting time, as usual.
Tom came down to breakfast earlier than usual.
You look uglier than usual.
This website is useless.
Did you learn anything useful?
Do something useful.
I want to be useful.
Where's the hammer you used?
Where's it used?
Do you have a bottle opener I could use?
Do you think Tom saw us?
Do you worry about us?
What do you want to know about us?
Why don't you trust us?
Why did you interrupt us?
Are you still mad at us?
Would Tom really do that for us?
Who's going to do that for us?
Why do you want to work for us?
How is that good for us?
Who can stop us?
Who would want to help us?
Who do you think will be able to help us?
Has Tom promised to help us?
What good is that to us?
Why are they so mean to us?
Why'd they call us?
Why would they attack us?
What do they want with us?
Why can't you go with us?
Would you like to go with us?
Why are they attacking us?
Could you take some pictures of us?
How did you ever find us?
Tom doesn't seem to know very much about us.
They threw spears at us.
It doesn't look like Tom believes us.
Nobody understands us.
Tom did it for us.
Tom offered to do that for us.
I'm glad you've done this for us.
The place is too small for us.
I'm sure they'll come back for us.
Tom and Mary were waiting for us.
They were waiting for us.
Tom sacrificed his life for us.
The rain didn't stop us.
Tom said that you'd be too busy to help us.
I don't know how to persuade Tom to help us.
Try to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think Tom is going to help us.
Tom and Mary are here to help us.
Tom has come here to help us.
I convinced everyone to help us.
It was Tom who came to help us.
Tom won't be able to help us.
I don't think Tom will be able to help us.
Surely someone will come today and help us.
Tom said that you'd help us.
I really do wish you'd help us.
You said you'd help us.
Thank you for taking the time to talk to us.
Please don't lie to us.
They tried to poison us.
Ask Tom to join us.
I think I'll go ahead and ask Tom if he'll join us.
Tom has been keeping secrets from us.
Tom rarely eats breakfast with us.
Tom said he'd play tennis with us.
Tom didn't come all the way from Boston just to eat dinner with us.
I don't think Tom will want to go to the zoo with us.
Tom said he'd rather not go with us.
Tom couldn't go with us.
I know you probably don't want to go to Boston, but I'd like you to go with us.
I know you probably don't want to go with us.
It never occurred to me that Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
Tom made it very clear that he didn't want to go with us.
I knew Tom would want to go with us.
I never thought Tom would want to go with us.
I knew you'd want to go with us.
Tom said that you'd want to go with us.
Tom didn't appear to be particularly eager to go with us.
I don't know how to persuade Tom to go with us.
Maybe you'd like to go with us.
Tom said that you wanted to go with us.
I didn't realize you wanted to go with us.
Tom said that he wanted to go with us.
Tom said he'd rather not go to Boston with us.
Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us.
I thought you wanted to go to Boston with us.
You have to go back to Boston with us.
Tom said that you wanted to eat lunch with us.
I'll take Tom along with us.
Tom wanted to come along with us.
Tom is still staying with us.
Tom has been living with us.
I hope Tom will like being here with us.
It would be even better if you were here with us.
Leave the wine here with us.
Tom won't like it if you come with us.
Tom didn't come with us.
Tom and I want you to come with us.
I'm not quite sure why you'd want to come with us.
I really do wish you could come with us.
It would be great if you could come with us.
Tom didn't agree with us.
Thank you for choosing us.
Thank you for joining us.
Tom left without telling us.
Pray for all of us.
I think it would be good for all of us.
I'm fairly certain Tom doesn't believe us.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't believe us.
They look like us.
I don't think Tom believed us.
Tom walked back upstairs.
Why are you still upset?
Tom is going to be very upset.
I thought I did something to make you upset.
Tom still looks upset.
I know that Tom's upset.
Tom said you were upset.
They're upset.
I was a little upset.
If I did that, Tom would be upset.
Keep us updated.
Would you please shut up?
Why can't you pick me up?
Tom didn't even help Mary up.
You'll understand when you grow up.
This is where I grew up.
This ought to cheer you up.
Here, let me help you up.
I really do wish you'd just shut up.
You need to shut up.
Tom looks like he just got up.
Go ahead and open it up.
Let's get up.
I just made that up.
We'll try to get there early enough to help you set things up.
There is a good chance that gasoline prices will go up.
Tom wondered where Mary had grown up.
I've just woken up.
I'm just warming up.
Maybe you should just give up.
Maybe we should just give up.
I definitely won't give up.
Tom didn't know where he was when he finally woke up.
I woke up.
It's time to wake up.
I can barely stand up.
Tom promised he'd be there, but he never showed up.
The numbers don't add up.
The results were unpredictable.
Tom wanted to unpack.
I believe this was unnecessary.
I think it's unnecessary.
I was very unlucky.
Tom was really unlucky.
I was really unlucky.
I'm really unlucky.
They were really unlucky.
This cat is unlucky.
It doesn't sound so unlikely.
Don't be so unkind.
We all sang in unison.
This house is uninhabitable.
Have you really been that unhappy?
I feel very unhappy.
You've made me very unhappy.
Tom still looks unhappy.
Tom was the only one who was unhappy.
Tom wondered what had made Mary so unhappy.
What you're doing is unforgivable.
The result was unexpected.
What you've done is unethical.
I thought Tom was unemployed.
I thought they were unemployed.
I thought you were unemployed.
Tom was glad that Mary understood.
Why can't you understand?
I think you understand.
It's something I can't understand.
Some people will never understand.
I'll help you to understand.
It wasn't difficult to understand.
There's nothing to understand.
It wasn't hard to understand.
It's hard to understand.
Not everyone will understand.
When you see Tom, you'll understand.
Of course, I understand.
I'm still very undecided.
Tom still felt uncomfortable.
How much did you inherit from your uncle?
Why did you take my umbrella?
I don't remember where I put my umbrella.
This isn't my umbrella.
Tom couldn't remember where he'd put his umbrella.
I know that isn't Tom's umbrella.
I think Tom has your umbrella.
Here's your umbrella.
I didn't take your umbrella.
You're very ugly.
You aren't ugly.
Did you really see a UFO?
Maybe I wasn't Tom's type.
I'm not your type.
I made two.
I wish I had a twin.
I'm not saying this twice.
Tom hates TV.
You watch too much TV.
Tom was too tired to even just watch TV.
I feel like watching TV.
We could take turns.
I think it's my turn.
Tom didn't know which way to turn.
I'm here on both Mondays and Tuesdays.
It would be worth trying.
Would you like to try?
You'll never know whether or not you can do it until you try.
I'm willing to try.
It's useless to even try.
It might be worth a try.
Do you think Tom told us the truth?
Did Tom tell the truth?
Could you please tell me the truth?
People often don't tell the whole truth.
Tom had to tell Mary the truth.
We just want the truth.
We want the truth.
I always tell the truth.
Please tell Tom to tell the truth.
Please advise Tom to tell the truth.
Tom should tell the truth.
Tom may not be telling the truth.
Tom simply told the truth.
Can Tom be trusted?
Would you open the trunk?
Are you sure that's Tom's trumpet?
I hate that trumpet.
Tom was playing the trumpet.
Was it true?
Why did you sign that confession if it wasn't true?
Do you think it's true?
Is it still true?
Are you sure it's all true?
Say it's not true.
Say that's not true.
There's a good chance that what Tom told you isn't true.
What Tom told you isn't true.
The other things Tom said aren't true.
We hope this is true.
The opposite is true.
Everything that Tom just said was true.
We hope it's all true.
That's all true.
What Tom says isn't quite true.
What Tom says is quite true.
That would be nice if it were true.
It's unlikely to be true.
I'm not a trucker.
Did you call a tow truck?
We're waiting for a tow truck.
Someone's in trouble.
I had some trouble.
Do you play the trombone?
How many pictures did you take on your trip?
How was the trip?
Tom had to prepare for his trip.
It was a very long trip.
I feel like taking a trip.
I pulled the trigger.
I'm already tired.
I've tried.
I couldn't forget you if I tried.
This is an equilateral triangle.
This is a beautiful tree.
This is my treat.
Tom didn't know where to burn the trash.
Tom threw it in the trash.
Tom threw Mary's letter in the trash.
I burned the trash.
Do you think it's a trap?
It was like I was in a trance.
Are you taking the train?
I went there by train.
I'll come by train.
I've never traveled by train.
I'm already on the train.
See you on the train.
Tom remained on the train.
I'll catch the 2:train.
How long are you in town?
How long will you be in town?
Tom could take you to town.
Tom headed back to town.
Tom and Mary went to the worst restaurant in town.
Tom and Mary went to the best restaurant in town.
By the way, Tom is in town.
I teach history at the largest high school in town.
We'll see you back in town.
There seems to be a lot of rich people living in this part of town.
Let me show you around town.
Can you hand me a towel?
Did you enjoy your tour?
I was on a tour.
Next year will be tough.
I know it'll be tough.
It'll be tough.
Don't change the topic.
Do you have a toothache?
I've chipped a tooth.
Tom had the courage to do what it took.
We don't know what Tom took.
Did you know that, too?
Did you buy potatoes, too?
Did you win a ribbon, too?
I feel very hungry, too.
I want to be happy, too.
I feel very sleepy, too.
I feel the same way, too.
I'll go there on Monday, too.
I hate Valentine's Day, too.
I miss you, too.
We have one for you, too.
Tom can help you, too.
We missed you, too.
You can do it, too.
I hate it, too.
I enjoyed it, too.
You're right, too.
Tom spoke to me last night, too.
Tom wants you to buy him a ticket, too.
I saw that, too.
I love cats, too.
Tom was very angry and I was, too.
It hadn't occurred to me that Tom would want to go to Boston, too.
I used to like Boston, too.
I'm on vacation, too.
My name is Tom, too.
I kind of like Tom, too.
Next time, I'm coming, too.
I want to leave, too.
Tom broke that promise, too.
You were there, too.
It's raining here, too.
It bothers me, too.
It happens to me, too.
It happened to me, too.
I feel very tired, too.
This time, I'm scared, too.
Tom was worried, too.
Did you tell Tom he could go see Mary tonight?
Could I see you tonight?
Will you be at the concert tonight?
Is everything ready for tonight?
Are you going to see Tom again tonight?
What'll happen tonight?
Are you open tonight?
Who'll be there tonight?
I doubt if you'll know anyone at the party tonight.
We're having a party tonight.
I'm not going to study tonight.
Let's go out tonight.
We're sold out tonight.
Think about it tonight.
I borrowed a necklace to wear to the banquet tonight.
There's party at Tom's tonight.
I'm going to Tom's tonight.
Those fish I just caught will be our dinner tonight.
We're going to have fish for dinner tonight.
Let's go drinking together tonight.
I don't think I'll get any sleep tonight.
Let's go out and have some fun tonight.
I'll be back tonight.
They'll arrive tonight.
We need you to work late tonight.
Expect a surprise tonight.
Tom is on duty here tonight.
I'll be home tonight.
This box weighs a ton.
Can you decide by tomorrow?
Can I see you tomorrow?
Can I start tomorrow?
Can't you wait until tomorrow?
What'll you make for lunch tomorrow?
Would you like to meet somewhere tomorrow?
Are you going to be here tomorrow?
I wonder if Tom will be busy tomorrow.
I was going to write to you tomorrow.
I can call you tomorrow.
Can I call you tomorrow?
I'll go with you tomorrow.
I won't be able to teach you tomorrow.
I need you tomorrow.
It'll be very hot tomorrow.
I need that tomorrow.
Tom would like to visit us tomorrow.
I think I succeeded in convincing Tom to help us tomorrow.
Tom will come to see us tomorrow.
I'll do this tomorrow.
Our wedding is tomorrow.
I'll give you my answer tomorrow.
I need your answer tomorrow.
You'll feel better tomorrow.
You might want to try to get here earlier tomorrow.
Tom will be in Boston until tomorrow.
Tom won't be home until tomorrow.
I'm going to work tomorrow.
Tom will have to work tomorrow.
I'll buy a backpack tomorrow.
Tom will be arriving tomorrow.
I start working tomorrow.
Tom said he would come tomorrow.
Explain it to me tomorrow.
I might change my mind tomorrow.
I might be dead tomorrow.
Are you really Tom?
Have you heard the rumor about Tom?
What don't you like about Tom?
Are you saying I shouldn't trust Tom?
Why don't you just hit Tom?
Did you just hit Tom?
Do you really believe you can beat Tom?
Are you still mad at Tom?
Why don't you just kiss Tom?
How did you guess I was Tom?
What've you been doing to Tom?
Who wrote to Tom?
Why are you always so rude to Tom?
Have you heard about what happened to Tom?
Why did you poison Tom?
Did you get the papers from Tom?
Don't you call him Tom?
Why shouldn't I tell Tom?
Don't you ever call Tom?
What did you ask Tom?
Have you discussed it with Tom?
Do you want to go with Tom?
What're you going to do with Tom?
Will you go to Boston with Tom?
Why did you decide not to go to Boston with Tom?
Do you think I should go to Boston with Tom?
Do we have anything else we can give Tom?
Don't you believe Tom?
Why don't you leave Tom?
Why don't you just fire Tom?
Why don't you call me Tom?
How can you not like Tom?
Do you mean that you didn't actually see Tom?
How did you convince Tom?
How are we going to convince Tom?
Who appointed Tom?
What was it you asked Tom?
Will you stay, Tom?
What's the matter now, Tom?
Is that enough for you, Tom?
How old are you, Tom?
What are you talking about, Tom?
What do you think of it, Tom?
What did you think of it, Tom?
Are you all right, Tom?
What are you smiling at, Tom?
Don't you think so, Tom?
What am I going to do, Tom?
What do you mean, Tom?
How do you feel, Tom?
What's wrong, Tom?
Are you coming, Tom?
Do you know where you are, Tom?
What was that you said, Tom?
I was fool enough to marry Tom.
I'm not going to marry Tom.
This was recommended to me by Tom.
All the arrangements were made by Tom.
I'm being harassed by Tom.
I felt lost without Tom.
It's been a long time since I've thought about Tom.
I still think about Tom.
I need to stop thinking about Tom.
Stop talking about Tom.
Don't lie about Tom.
Let's not say anything bad about Tom.
I'm sure we can trust Tom.
This book didn't seem to interest Tom.
The truth is I've never even met Tom.
If you had never gone to Boston, you wouldn't have met Tom.
No one will ever forget Tom.
I've brought you here to meet Tom.
All the children laughed at Tom.
I know that wasn't Tom.
I didn't kiss Tom.
The problem is Tom.
I think my new neighbor's name is Tom.
You don't need to feel sorry for Tom.
You'll have to look out for Tom.
That's not for Tom.
I couldn't wait for Tom.
I'll keep it for Tom.
We're going to need to buy a gift for Tom.
I'd never do that for Tom.
That's for Tom.
The chauffeur opened the limo door for Tom.
Do what you can for Tom.
I've done what I can for Tom.
It was too much for Tom.
I won't be able to do anything for Tom.
There was a time that I would've done anything for Tom.
Sleep's the best thing for Tom.
Just don't vote for Tom.
Please don't vote for Tom.
I don't know if you remember Tom.
I still remember Tom.
There was no one to stop Tom.
I'm sorry I couldn't help Tom.
We're going to have to help Tom.
I won't be able to help Tom.
I think that maybe we need to help Tom.
I promise you I'll help Tom.
I think you should help Tom.
I think we should help Tom.
You said you'd help Tom.
It's possible that I might run into Tom.
I pointed this out to Tom.
Please don't say anything about it to Tom.
I'll mention it to Tom.
I don't know why I gave it to Tom.
We'll leave it to Tom.
I have to say goodnight to Tom.
I've already shown the contract to Tom.
I don't think I could do that to Tom.
This book belongs to Tom.
I advise you to listen to Tom.
Don't give them to Tom.
Tell the truth to Tom.
I forgot to explain everything to Tom.
Just apologize to Tom.
You need to apologize to Tom.
It seemed like a game to Tom.
Don't lie to Tom.
I guess you talked to Tom.
I heard you talked to Tom.
It's been a long time since I've talked to Tom.
I'm married to Tom.
I'll have to warn Tom.
Don't count on Tom.
I knew we could count on Tom.
Don't be too rough on Tom.
We arrived a lot earlier than Tom.
Here's a letter to you from Tom.
Here's the letter from Tom.
Here's a letter from Tom.
You won't get any help from Tom.
Maybe you should call Tom.
There were so many things I wanted to ask Tom.
I suppose I can ask Tom.
I suppose I could ask Tom.
Don't get angry with Tom.
I spent Monday with Tom.
I know you'll enjoy spending the day with Tom.
I discussed it with Tom.
I'd never do that with Tom.
I shook hands with Tom.
I can't keep up with Tom.
I'll try to keep up with Tom.
I knew I wouldn't be able to keep up with Tom.
I thought I'd go with Tom.
I knew you wouldn't want to go to Boston with Tom.
None of us will go to Boston with Tom.
I thought I'd go to Boston with Tom.
I'll talk with Tom.
You need to get in touch with Tom.
We need to get in touch with Tom.
I wonder what's wrong with Tom.
I'm studying with Tom.
I'm staying with Tom.
I share everything with Tom.
We should be there with Tom.
I watched a movie with Tom.
I almost agree with Tom.
I don't agree with Tom.
I knew you'd want to go to the dance with Tom.
I spent the weekend with Tom.
We'll be at the hospital, visiting Tom.
We should be there helping Tom.
That reminds me of Tom.
It reminds me of Tom.
This reminds me of Tom.
I'm no longer afraid of Tom.
I really love Tom.
There's still a chance that we can save Tom.
Tell me what you gave Tom.
I won't be able to promote Tom.
You shouldn't underestimate Tom.
Let's congratulate Tom.
I did surprise Tom.
Try to ignore Tom.
The truth is I don't like Tom.
As a matter of fact, I don't like Tom.
I didn't realize you didn't like Tom.
I hope I don't end up like Tom.
I knew you'd like Tom.
I was on my way to see Tom.
I'm on my way to see Tom.
I would like to see Tom.
I wasn't allowed to see Tom.
I wasn't permitted to see Tom.
I was very glad to see Tom.
I'll do my best to persuade Tom.
I'm sure I can persuade Tom.
I wanted to be Tom.
I'll help you find Tom.
Be careful that you don't offend Tom.
Be careful not to offend Tom.
I can't understand Tom.
We shouldn't have told Tom.
I really loved Tom.
I just missed Tom.
I just fired Tom.
I think someone should've helped Tom.
Someone has warned Tom.
I think I may have offended Tom.
Don't get angry, Tom.
We know all this already, Tom.
I've got it now, Tom.
I won't forget you, Tom.
I'll do that for you, Tom.
I can't help you, Tom.
I want to talk to you, Tom.
I'm jealous of you, Tom.
I don't like you, Tom.
Pardon me a moment, Tom.
Well, I suppose you're right, Tom.
I know that, Tom.
Tell me the news, Tom.
You said you'd help us, Tom.
Tell me about your dreams, Tom.
We know all this, Tom.
You've done lots of things, Tom.
Pass me the sugar, Tom.
Sing it again, Tom.
I'll do what I can, Tom.
I have to be very careful, Tom.
Let me tell you something, Tom.
Your telephone's ringing, Tom.
Let me take your bag, Tom.
Promise you won't forget me, Tom.
I wish you'd do something for me, Tom.
Now leave it to me, Tom.
Please don't lie to me, Tom.
Come with me, Tom.
You don't understand me, Tom.
I think you're making a mistake, Tom.
That was what you said, Tom.
Here's your tea, Tom.
Your students aren't likely to do exactly as they're told.
Remember to flush the toilet.
Do you two ever play tennis together?
Do you three ever go to Boston together?
Do you work together?
Do you two work together?
Do you three work together?
Why can't we be together?
Tom and Mary look happy together.
Tom always pays for dinner whenever we go out together.
We wrote the report together.
It'll be more fun if we do it together.
Tom and Mary both left together.
They both left together.
Let's do that together.
Let's eat together.
Maybe you should do this together.
Maybe we should do this together.
We've had some really good times together.
We could learn together.
We make every decision together.
We had a wonderful meal together.
Try to work together.
Let's write a book together.
Let's go to lunch together.
I thought you were together.
We cried together.
Tom and I have never been photographed together.
Did you get up early today?
Have you walked the dog already today?
What can I get you today?
What can I do for you today?
How can I help you today?
Are you going out today?
Can you start today?
Who's absent today?
Are you feeling any better today?
Are the shops open today?
What's your problem today?
Is the exam today?
Are you going to school today?
Do you have to work today?
Did you go to church today?
Who do you think will be at the meeting today?
Where are we going today?
What've you been doing today?
Why are you working today?
How did you get here today?
What makes you think Tom won't be here today?
What's your schedule today?
I don't think Tom was so busy today.
I knew Tom wasn't going to be busy today.
I have to do my laundry today.
I wonder if you'd let me leave early today.
I'd intended to be here early today.
I knew you'd want to go home early today.
I knew Tom would want to go home early today.
Tom said he wanted to go home early today.
Tom had to go home early today.
I thought about that all day today.
I'll be home all day today.
Maybe we'll learn something new today.
The situation is different today.
Your voice sounds different today.
I have to do it today.
You're very quiet today.
We've solved a lot of problems today.
Tom and Mary's wedding anniversary is today.
Tom didn't go to his classes today.
I wish it was today.
Thank you very much for today.
I'm done for today.
I wonder why we didn't get a newspaper today.
I bought a new guitar today.
I've nothing to do today.
Tom just got back to Boston today.
Tom just got back from Boston today.
You're going to win today.
I don't expect anything good to happen today.
I don't want to see Tom today.
The principal called and said you weren't at school today.
Tom said he'd be at school today.
I'm not sure, but perhaps Tom won't be coming into work today.
I have to work today.
Tom didn't come to work today.
Tom and Mary just got back today.
Tom just got back today.
I've eaten too much today.
I started studying French today.
People left a lot of stupid comments on your blog today.
I hope we learn something interesting today.
None of us plan to go swimming today.
I haven't eaten anything today.
There's no chance that Tom will be late today.
I'll be late today.
I broke a vase today.
That's where we were today.
We're not going anywhere today.
I wonder why Tom isn't here today.
I started working here today.
Tom probably thought I wouldn't be here today.
I don't think Tom will be here today.
Here's a list of the people who'll be here today.
I don't want to see anyone today.
Tom left his car at home today.
Tom didn't come today.
Tom isn't able to come today.
It's too cold to go outside today.
Many restaurants are closed today.
Your article was published today.
I feel romantic today.
The bread is stuck in the toaster.
Who can I sell it to?
Who do you think this hat belongs to?
Do you really think that was what Tom was up to?
Where does this trail go to?
Where does this path go to?
Where's Tom moving to?
Where are you rushing off to?
Where did you move to?
Why have I been lied to?
Some people still do it, even if we tell them not to.
You may kiss me if you want to.
You still have to go, even if you don't want to.
Tom invited me to go with him, but I said I didn't want to.
Tom couldn't remember who he was supposed to give it to.
I didn't know who I should give it to.
Tom could stay at our house if he wants to.
Tom could stay at our house for a couple of weeks if he needs to.
Tom isn't easy to say no to.
Tom didn't want to eat and Mary couldn't persuade him to.
Tom didn't want to help and Mary couldn't persuade him to.
Tom didn't change his plans, even though Mary wanted him to.
It's not me that Tom wants to talk to.
I'm not quite sure who I should talk to.
I drank more than I was planning to.
This audiobook is worth listening to.
If you don't want to kiss your grandmother, you don't have to.
If you don't want to get married, you don't have to.
I'll do what I have to.
I did better than I expected I'd be able to.
I still can't play golf as well as I'd like to.
Tom couldn't remember who he was supposed to deliver the message to.
I didn't know who to deliver the package to.
Tom said we could go to Boston with him if we wanted to.
I couldn't do that even if I wanted to.
I don't work as many hours a day as much as I used to.
I don't like Tom as much as I used to.
I don't drink as much as I used to.
I'd have waited another year if I'd had to.
Tom couldn't remember who he'd lent his umbrella to.
Can you hand me a tissue?
Let me get you a tissue.
I'm now very tired.
I'm really, really tired.
I was already tired.
I never got tired.
I don't feel at all tired.
Now I feel tired.
I think you look tired.
I'm sure you're tired.
I guess I'm a little tired.
I think you must be tired.
Tom is going to be tired.
I've seen this movie many times.
Tom has tried to commit suicide several times.
I read the story three times.
Tom read the letter three times.
Tom has been in jail three times.
What do I have to do this time?
What's our arrival time?
Do you still have time?
Do I look like I have time?
Where do you spend your free time?
Is this not a good time?
Did I come at a bad time?
I'll explain it next time.
We'll make it next time.
It'll be better next time.
Don't talk so much next time.
If you showed me how to do it, I could do it by myself next time.
You might want to try a little harder to be on time the next time.
You haven't made as many mistakes this time as you did last time.
Tom didn't say anything else at that time.
We can't say any more at this time.
Tom didn't forget to do his homework this time.
The only problem is time.
Tom reads novels whenever he has time.
Things change over time.
I'll come back some other time.
It still happens from time to time.
I still think about Tom from time to time.
Yesterday, I had no time.
Tom won't be able to get to the airport on time.
I've always paid the rent on time.
Maybe we can make it on time.
I barely made it on time.
Tom doesn't ever get to school on time.
Tom was the only one who handed in his homework on time.
The plane took off on time.
You won't be able to get there on time.
Tom may not be here on time.
I can't get ready in time.
I won't be able to get ready in time.
Tom had to work really hard to finish it in time.
Tom tried his hardest to get there in time.
Tom didn't come in time.
I knew you wouldn't have enough time.
I knew Tom wouldn't have enough time.
I don't think I have enough time.
We don't have too much time.
Don't waste too much time.
I didn't lose much time.
Tom must've slept a long time.
Tom and I have been friends for a long time.
I've been complaining about this problem for a long time.
Tom has been here for a long time.
I haven't put new strings on my guitar in a long time.
Tom stayed there a long time.
Tom has lived here a long time.
This is going to take a long time.
What you're doing is just a waste of time.
You still have time.
We don't have any more time.
What I need is more time.
What we really want is some more time.
We're going to need a little more time.
Tom said that he needed more time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked at their cards at the same time.
We've lost valuable time.
Tom couldn't have been any older than thirteen at the time.
I was right there with Tom at the time.
They lie all the time.
I have a certain amount of free time.
What we really want is some more free time.
Tom read the letter a third time.
Now is really not a good time.
It's not a good time.
Now would be a good time.
Now's a bad time.
Hold me tighter.
This coat is too tight.
Tom didn't believe it was a tiger.
You forgot to put on your tie.
We didn't have to pay for our tickets.
I have two tickets.
We've sold all the tickets.
Where's Tom's ticket?
How much is a ticket?
I'll pay for Tom's ticket.
I haven't yet paid for the ticket.
I didn't realize you didn't have enough money to buy a ticket.
Tom didn't have a ticket.
Have you thought this through?
Would you let me through?
I'm just passing through.
Do you feel threatened?
Did you feel threatened?
Do you think that sounds like a threat?
That sounds like a threat.
Inflation this year is going to be worse than we initially thought.
That's a very depressing thought.
Tom didn't even bother to ask Mary what she thought.
I never really asked Tom what he thought.
What's wrong with those?
Do you like any of those?
I'll need several of those.
I'm interested in buying one of those.
Tom may have ordered one of those.
Do you want to try this?
Can anyone verify this?
What do you mean by this?
Are you bothered by this?
How could you allow this?
Where exactly should I put this?
Does Tom already know about this?
What're you going to do about this?
What can I do about this?
Did you really talk to Tom about this?
Have you already talked to Tom about this?
Shouldn't we report this?
Why do you want this?
Why would I want this?
How did you get so good at this?
Have you looked at this?
Do you have room for this?
Where do we go after this?
What do we do after this?
Where did you hear this?
When did you do this?
Does anyone here know how to do this?
Does anyone here remember how to do this?
Who asked you to do this?
Are you really going to do this?
Did you really have to do this?
Do we really have to do this?
Can anyone help me do this?
Why shouldn't I do this?
Does Tom know all this?
Are you all right with this?
What can I do with this?
Do we have to watch this?
Why are we discussing this?
Are you saying we shouldn't be doing this?
Would you mind holding this?
Did you approve of this?
Were you the one who wrote this?
Can I use this?
Why did you get me this?
Are you always like this?
When did we decide this?
Have you tried this?
I want you to try this.
I know you'll enjoy this.
Maybe we can fix this.
Tell me where I should put this.
We were talking about this.
I won't eat this.
Come and have a look at this.
I could get in a lot of trouble for this.
I know you probably don't want to hear this.
This is as good a time as any to do this.
I think this is the only way to do this.
This isn't the right way to do this.
I know a faster way to do this.
It took me three years to learn how to do this.
Thanks for showing me how to do this.
Nobody is forcing you to do this.
Sometimes it takes more than one person to do this.
I no longer have any reason to do this.
I'm trying to do this.
Tell me why I have to do this.
It no longer makes sense to do this.
It took years for me to do this.
Tom wasn't the one who asked me to do this.
It takes patience to do this.
Tom didn't say we weren't allowed to do this.
Tom thought it was a good idea to do this.
I think we can do this.
I hope I can do this.
It's important I do this.
It's important that I do this.
You and I are never likely to agree on this.
Nothing is likely to be more effective than this.
I expected to be paid more than this.
I miss all this.
Tom is aware of all this.
I don't deserve all this.
Let me just finish this.
I have until tomorrow to finish this.
We're going to need a couple of more hours to finish this.
Give me time to finish this.
You can accomplish this.
We don't have to watch this.
I'm not getting this.
I'll never make money doing this.
Look, I'm not doing this.
You won't regret doing this.
You'll regret doing this.
I could get in a lot of trouble for doing this.
Sooner or later, I'll have to stop doing this.
I have to stop doing this.
I don't think you need to be doing this.
I was already tired before we even started doing this.
I'm sure I'll never remember all of this.
You'll love this.
I didn't write this.
I know you'll appreciate this.
I don't want to debate this.
Look, I can handle this.
I hope you like this.
It always happens like this.
I don't think Tom will like this.
You can't live like this.
We can't continue like this.
You can't die like this.
Maybe I should take this.
I also found this.
I recommend this.
I've never liked this.
I really needed this.
We needed this.
Tom didn't decide to become a professional singer until he was thirty.
Tom didn't begin to play the guitar until he was thirty.
Tom didn't get a driver's license until he was thirty.
I've been living in Boston since I was thirteen.
Tom probably thought I was thirsty.
I knew Tom would be thirsty.
I knew you'd be thirsty.
Why not ask Tom what he thinks?
Let's wait and hear what Tom thinks.
I'll ask Tom what he thinks.
How did you know what I was thinking?
I was thinking.
Tom asked me what I'm thinking.
I know what you were thinking.
Is that what you really think?
Do you want me to tell you what I really think?
Who cares what you think?
Tom, what do you think?
Who cares what I think?
Do you want to hear what I think?
What do you think I think?
I was so scared that I could hardly think.
It's exactly the opposite of what you think.
I wanted some time to think.
It made me think.
I just want to sit here and think.
You haven't asked me what I think.
You haven't even asked me what I think.
We made a good impression, I think.
It would be interesting, I think.
You're exaggerating, I think.
Tom is just trying to be polite, I think.
This is accurate, I think.
I'd be happy here, I think.
I saw many things.
Now I understand many things.
I have no place to keep my things.
Don't touch my things.
I already have my things.
I have my things.
They're two very different things.
We don't like to rush things.
Tom wondered what Mary thought about such things.
I had the wrong things.
Maybe I'm just hearing things.
Tom and I like the same kinds of things.
Playing tennis took my mind off things.
I hate those things.
I'm used to these things.
Tom told me some strange things.
What do you want me to do with this thing?
How can you say such a thing?
I want the real thing.
That's a very strange-looking thing.
Tom shouldn't do that kind of thing.
I don't think I could do that kind of thing.
You always say the same thing.
I always do the same thing.
I think that could be a good thing.
It could be a good thing.
I wouldn't want to miss a thing.
I won't touch a thing.
I don't understand a thing.
I didn't understand a thing.
You haven't changed a thing.
They're all thieves.
Do you think I'm a thief?
The police arrested the thief.
Those are from Tom, aren't they?
How large were they?
What are they?
How large are they?
What's wrong with these?
Do you like any of these?
Do you think I should buy one of these?
Do you like these?
Do I have to read these?
Tom sent me these.
I made these.
Are you still out there?
Who put it there?
Can you put this over there?
Do we really have to go there?
What do you want me to do there?
Are you all right in there?
What's hidden in there?
What did you find in there?
How long was I in there?
Why were you even there?
How did Tom know to look there?
Do you really think I want to go back there?
Do I have to go back there?
What are you doing there?
Is there something there?
How many cops are there?
Could you take me there?
What did you see there?
How many Canadians do you expect to be there?
Has Tom promised to be there?
Have you asked Tom if he'll be there?
Tom is probably already there.
They're already there.
Tom had to wait till Mary got there.
Throw it there.
I know a faster way to get there.
I can't wait to get there.
I wonder why Tom left that there.
Just leave that there.
They're always there.
The police said they found Tom's fingerprints there.
My office is over there.
Sit down over there.
The stairs are over there.
Let's go back up there.
My kids used to go there.
I've decided to go there.
I decided to go there.
You have to pay to get in there.
Tom's always been there.
We can't leave Tom there.
I left everything there.
I don't plan on being there.
That's why we were there.
We were there.
I doubt if you'll know anyone there.
You can't send me there.
Tom didn't doubt that there would be a lot of people there.
All of us plan to be there.
I hope to be there.
Tom asked me to be there.
Tom won't be able to be there.
Tom wasn't supposed to be there.
I couldn't even be there.
All of us hope that Tom will be there.
Everyone will be there.
Tom could still be there.
Of course, I'll be there.
I should be there.
I was hoping you'd be there.
They have really good food there.
Tom will need physical therapy.
Tom is a speech therapist.
Do you have any theories?
What happens then?
Tom was waiting for Mary then.
Tom may be back by then.
Things were different then.
We were all so young then.
I haven't seen Tom since then.
A lot has changed since then.
How do we keep our children from hurting themselves?
I'm not leaving Tom and Mary here by themselves.
We won't leave anyone here by themselves.
Where should we put them?
Is this what scares them?
How do we stop them?
Why did you lie to them?
Did you deal with them?
What was wrong with them?
Did you agree with them?
Did you catch them?
Did you know any of them?
Do you recognize them?
Do you like them?
Do you need them?
Keep your apples. I don't want them.
Let's go and meet them.
I'll give these to anyone who wants them.
This is what scares them.
I feel sorry for them.
Now we're ready for them.
Don't count on them.
I have confidence in them.
Ask them.
I'm very angry with them.
I've been trying to do too many things recently and haven't been able to complete any of them.
There were lots of them.
There were three of them.
There are three of them.
I've never heard of them.
I'd love to see them.
Let us go and see them.
Everyone gathered around them.
You'll find them.
I never trusted them.
Tom has been accused of theft.
We went to the theater.
Would you buy that?
Did you already know that?
Did you really not know that?
How did I not know that?
Did Tom ever ask you that?
Do you remember when Tom gave you that?
What's funny about that?
Did Tom ask you about that?
Are you still upset about that?
Would you like me to do something about that?
What's so good about that?
Why are you still worried about that?
Do you really want that?
Why do you want that?
Should I repeat that?
Are you really going to eat that?
How could you miss that?
Do you really like the way Tom does that?
Do I have to answer that?
Why would you want to remember that?
Would you swear to that?
Did we actually do that?
Do you think you can really do that?
Do you think Tom will really do that?
Did you ever do that?
Are you ready to do that?
How did Tom get you to do that?
Did Tom ask you to do that?
Do we really want to do that?
When do you expect us to do that?
Why do we allow our students to do that?
What right do they have to do that?
How is Tom able to do that?
Why do you need to do that?
Do you really think you can do that?
Do you really think we can do that?
Do you think I could do that?
Now why would I do that?
Can't you do any better than that?
I think you can do better than that.
Can't we do more than that?
Why did you call him that?
What would you call that?
Why would I do all that?
Did you really mean all that?
Why did you steal that?
What makes you ask that?
Why would I think that?
Don't you remember doing that?
Would you stop doing that?
Why are we doing that?
Why are you reading that?
Did you know any of that?
Are you certain of that?
What did you think of that?
Are you capable of that?
Who'll believe that?
How would you rate that?
Have you ever done that?
Why do you call me that?
How can you ask me that?
Why did you ask me that?
Why are you asking me that?
Do you really like that?
Why do you think that I would do something like that?
Why couldn't I see that?
When did you decide that?
Did Tom ask you why you did that?
I'd still like to know how you did that?
Do you really know who did that?
Are you really the one who did that?
How do you think Tom did that?
What would you think if I did that?
Why would you read that?
Tom must've given Mary that.
I figured they would enjoy that.
I would enjoy that.
I thought you'd enjoy that.
All my friends say that.
I was just about to say that.
Tom had no right to say that.
My grandfather used to say that.
Tom used to say that.
We already knew that.
I already knew that.
Well, I never knew that.
Let me worry about that.
Tom promised he wouldn't say anything to Mary about that.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary about that.
Tom certainly wasn't very happy about that.
I've been meaning to talk to you about that.
I shouldn't have told you about that.
I also have doubts about that.
You've been very clear about that.
I need you to talk to Tom about that.
I've been meaning to talk to Tom about that.
I told Tom about that.
We know all about that.
Let me think about that.
Let's not talk about that.
You should write a song about that.
I've been worrying about that.
I'm not asking about that.
Stop talking about that.
I remember Tom talking about that.
Tom didn't say anything about that.
Tom says he can't do anything about that.
We can't do anything about that.
I've been meaning to do something about that.
I think it's time I did something about that.
Tom wasn't kidding about that.
Tom has never said a word to me about that.
I hadn't heard about that.
No one has ever complained about that.
I don't think you need to be worried about that.
I read about that.
I actually need you to do more than just that.
I'd like to know where you bought that.
If I were you, I wouldn't eat that.
Wow, you're good at that.
Thank you for telling us that.
Thanks for telling us that.
Tom always does that.
Nobody blames you for that.
I love you for that.
We don't have time for that.
Don't blame me for that.
I can't remember that.
I'll always remember that.
I want to remember that.
We need to remember that.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
We just don't know the answer to that.
It may not come to that.
I sincerely hope it won't come to that.
Tom won't let Mary do that.
I shouldn't have let you do that.
Maybe someone can help you do that.
Tom won't like it if you do that.
Tom said he'd rather not do that.
Tom promised he wouldn't do that.
Tom shouldn't do that.
I'm sure Tom will think we shouldn't do that.
I knew you couldn't do that.
I knew Tom couldn't do that.
It would be best if you didn't do that.
We don't know that Tom didn't do that.
Tom says he'll never do that.
You would never do that.
Don't ever do that.
It was my duty to do that.
I've discovered a good way to do that.
You have until Monday to do that.
You need to show Tom how to do that.
I'm not quite sure how to do that.
I think it would be really good for you to do that.
Nobody will force you to do that.
Tom has warned us not to do that.
There's no good reason not to do that.
I forgot to do that.
Tom said he didn't know anyone who might want to do that.
I knew you wouldn't want to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Tom didn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom is going to want to do that.
It'll be difficult to do that.
I know several ways to do that.
I didn't remember to do that.
Tom told me that I didn't have permission to do that.
Tom tells me that I don't have permission to do that.
Nobody forced Tom to do that.
I've been trying to do that.
It would be interesting to do that.
I'm sure you're not going to do that.
I don't think Tom is going to do that.
We're unwilling to do that.
I'm very glad I didn't have to do that.
I refuse to do that.
I don't have time to do that.
I don't think I can find the time to do that.
I don't think Tom will ever be able to do that.
I don't think Tom will be able to do that.
I never would've imagined Tom would be able to do that.
I wouldn't like to do that.
I intend to do that.
They're paid to do that.
I know that wasn't how I was supposed to do that.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that.
I don't think you need to do that.
I had to do that.
I'm not sure I can do that.
I don't think Tom will do that.
I can still do that.
I just hope no one saw me do that.
I never thought Tom would do that.
It would be interesting to see if we could do that.
It would be nice if we could do that.
I've always wanted to see if I could do that.
If I were you, I'd do that.
I'll refrain from commenting on that.
I've never forgotten that.
I'd forgotten that.
I've never seen that.
We'll do more than that.
I believe Tom did mean that.
I don't think I could tell Tom that.
I really wish you hadn't told Tom that.
We're not going to risk that.
I'll help you with that.
I'm not saying that.
I can't remember ever doing that.
Tom couldn't see himself ever doing that.
I don't plan on doing that.
I've never thought of doing that.
I had trouble doing that.
Tom probably thought I wouldn't like doing that.
I won't be doing that.
I regretted doing that.
I wonder if Tom has already thought of that.
You might want to make a note of that.
Let me take care of that.
Don't be afraid of that.
I guess I could use that.
I can't promise that.
I'll see Tom before that.
I really do wish you hadn't done that.
I realized later that I shouldn't have done that.
There was a time when I would've done that.
Tom sent me that.
Tom was the first to tell me that.
Tom was the first person to tell me that.
Thanks for telling me that.
It was Tom who gave me that.
I was just like that.
I was pretty certain that Tom wouldn't like that.
I've never had problems like that.
I try not to worry about things like that.
I didn't know that they did things like that.
I didn't expect you to like that.
I used to like that.
We're not all like that.
I won't do anything like that.
I wouldn't do anything like that.
Tom did say something like that.
I'd love something like that.
Tom was sure you'd like that.
Maybe we can change that.
Nothing will change that.
I hadn't heard that.
I still can't understand that.
Tom wondered if Mary would understand that.
I already sold that.
It was Tom who did that.
Apparently, Tom is the one who did that.
I don't understand why Tom did that.
I knew you wouldn't like the way Tom did that.
Tom should've asked me before he did that.
Tom laughed when Mary said that.
You would've been wrong if you'd said that.
Tom wondered if there were still people who believed that.
Maybe I just imagined that.
I've never liked that.
I really needed that.
I never noticed that.
Beginning next week, we'll be using a new textbook.
I'll send you a text.
It was a tough test.
Tom was glad that Mary was able to pass the test.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be able to pass the test.
I hate terrorism.
It's not so terrible.
Where would you like to pitch the tent?
Tom was tense.
Which would you rather do, go swimming or play tennis?
Do you want to play tennis?
Let's play tennis.
Tom probably thought I could play tennis.
I always enjoy playing tennis.
I couldn't resist the temptation.
I've got a lot to tell.
I feel like watching television.
I work in telecommunications.
I just brushed my teeth.
Now go brush your teeth.
Do you really have a good team?
I hope I can be a valuable member of your team.
Tom is on our team.
I thought I had been cut from the team.
I want to become better at teaching.
I have fun teaching.
I like teaching.
My parents were teachers.
Tom's parents are teachers.
Tom has good teachers.
Why do you want to be a teacher?
You can't be my teacher.
That could be my teacher.
I had a great teacher.
No matter what you do, don't ever kiss your teacher.
I want to become a better teacher.
I'm a school teacher.
That's our French teacher.
I trust the teacher.
You're not a good teacher.
I have a good teacher.
I don't think I have what it takes to be a teacher.
Tom has gone to Boston to teach.
I love to teach.
Which do you drink more, coffee or tea?
I forgot to put sugar in your tea.
Tom likes herbal tea.
Tom sat on the porch and drank tea.
Tom poured himself a cup of tea.
Let me get you some tea.
Let me make you some tea.
We all have to pay taxes.
I love that tattoo.
What a beautiful tattoo!
You have very good tastes.
This is an important task.
It was an impossible task.
Make sure you don't forget to fill up the tank.
Your daughter's tall.
Tom waited till the door was closed before he started talking.
Tom and I sat down to talk.
Tom has a lot of talent.
Where was this photo taken?
Which would you take?
I didn't realize how much time this was going to take.
Please don't move these tables.
Tom helped his mother set the table.
There are some apples on the table.
The cup broke when it fell off the table.
Tom couldn't tell me because he'd promised Mary that he wouldn't.
Tom tried to open the door, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to move the piano by himself, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but he didn't.
Tom wanted to go, but he didn't.
I wanted to tell Tom something, but I decided it would be better if I didn't.
It's part of the system.
I was sympathetic.
It's a beautiful sword.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't enjoy swimming.
I want to become better at swimming.
I want to become a better swimmer.
Who taught you to swim?
Is Tom going to swim?
Is it true that Tom will swim?
Tom said he'd rather not swim.
I didn't realize you didn't know how to swim.
Tom is teaching me how to swim.
Tom doesn't want to swim.
I don't think Tom can swim.
Tom bought a sweater.
I'm drenched in sweat.
I don't swear.
Did you notice anything suspicious?
Don't be so suspicious.
Tom didn't notice anything suspicious.
I had my suspicions.
Do you think I'll survive?
I hope I survive.
I don't trust these surveys.
I love surprises.
There will be some surprises.
Was anyone surprised?
I was very surprised.
That's why I'm not surprised.
Well, I'm not surprised.
I'm not a bit surprised.
I'm not really that surprised.
Tom must've been surprised.
I like to be surprised.
It was a pleasant surprise.
It was a welcome surprise.
I won't spoil the surprise.
I don't want to spoil the surprise.
It wasn't a surprise.
This news was a surprise.
Can I go surfing?
You won't regret that, I'm pretty sure.
You'll remember that, I'm pretty sure.
I don't think I snore, but I'm not really sure.
We don't know that for sure.
I'll be there for sure.
Someone will remember to do that, I'm sure.
I had to be sure.
You have my support.
Who's your supervisor?
We can't leave Tom there without supervision.
Tom has just come back from the supermarket.
I love sunflowers.
Do you ever work on Sundays?
Do you ever have to work on Sundays?
Tom wasn't at church last Sunday.
I hope you don't get sunburned.
I wanted to sunbathe.
Are you really going to go to Boston next summer?
Tom still goes to Boston every summer.
We thought we'd visit you for a few days next summer.
I'm going to visit Boston next summer.
I think we should go to Boston next summer.
I started this job last summer.
Where did you put my suitcase?
Do you want to see what I have in my suitcase?
Where's Tom's suitcase?
Where would you like me to put your suitcase?
Where did you leave your suitcase?
Have you packed your suitcase?
Someone else took my suitcase.
There are too many things here to fit into this suitcase.
Everything I own is in this suitcase.
Tom didn't know where to put Mary's suitcase.
Is this suitable?
Do you like my new suit?
I never thought Tom would commit suicide.
It seems unlikely that Tom committed suicide.
Give me some suggestions.
Do you know how much of a loss we suffered?
I hope you didn't suffer.
Do I look like a sucker?
I was very successful.
Last year was quite successful.
The party was a huge success.
I hope to succeed.
I think I'll be able to succeed.
It takes courage to succeed.
We will succeed.
I think you'll succeed.
I hope I succeed.
I'll come by subway.
Tom is afraid to ride the subway.
I need subtitles.
I haven't renewed my subscription.
Why did you change the subject?
Can I change the subject?
Tom is an expert on this subject.
Do you think this is stupid?
Do you think it's stupid?
Why are you so stupid?
I know that what I did was really stupid.
You must think I'm really stupid.
I must be completely stupid.
We're not that stupid.
We aren't that stupid.
I thought what Tom did was stupid.
I've been stupid.
We're all stupid.
My friends are stupid.
You must really be stupid.
Did you see that stuff?
What would you like me to do with this stuff?
Do you really want me to give away all your stuff?
This is serious stuff.
Something must be done with this stuff.
Something has to be done with this stuff.
Tom didn't want anyone looking through his stuff.
I bought some stuff.
It was really good stuff.
What do you do when you're not studying?
Shouldn't you be studying?
Tom spends hours in the library studying.
I was studying.
What did you study?
Can you help me study?
I suggest you study.
You should continue to study.
Tom is an above-average student.
Do you think I'm stubborn?
You know I'm very stubborn.
Are they all strong?
I feel very strong.
They're all strong.
Tom must've died of a stroke.
My boss is very strict.
I have to stretch.
Are you under any stress?
I can't cope with stress.
We found a great restaurant on Park Street.
I found a good restaurant on Park Street.
Tom owns a restaurant on Park Street.
I live on Park Street.
Tom used to have a big house on Park Street.
Tom didn't know Mary had a house on Park Street.
Tom didn't want to park his new car on the street.
That's a risky strategy.
I'd never trust strangers.
Don't accept rides from strangers.
Tom said he had to share a hotel room with a stranger.
Did you notice anything strange?
Have you noticed anything strange?
I think it's very strange.
It sounds strange.
It's not so strange.
It all seems so strange.
It may seem strange.
I don't see anything strange.
Tom said he found something strange.
It seemed strange.
We're stranded.
Do you still believe Tom's story?
Who'd believe your story?
It was a really creepy story.
We can't publish this story.
Tom himself told me this story.
This isn't a believable story.
That's not the end of the story.
Tom told me a strange story.
Tell me your life story.
What a touching story!
What a pathetic story!
What a tragic story!
I think I can find it cheaper at another store.
Did you ask Tom to stop?
Would you like me to stop?
Boston was our first stop.
It's time to stop.
I knew I had to stop.
Tom wondered when the snow would stop.
Tom wondered when the rain would stop.
Tom wondered when the bombing would stop.
Perhaps you should stop.
Tom couldn't see Mary from where he stood.
My thermos was stolen.
My car was stolen.
My journal was stolen.
My microscope was stolen.
My car has been stolen.
My bicycle's been stolen.
Don't be so stingy.
Try to stand still.
My hands are sticky.
You put too many carrots in the stew.
I've made stew.
Tom doesn't like his stepmother.
Watch where you step.
What did you steal?
We can't stay.
If you don't want to be here, you don't have to stay.
Where's the nearest bus station?
This is the right station.
Tom told Mary to wait for him in front of the station.
Canada borders the United States.
They're starving.
I hope you don't starve.
We don't have to starve.
Does anyone here know what time the meeting starts?
Shall we get started?
Do you really want me to start?
When does school start?
I didn't know how to start.
I didn't know where to start.
We need to start.
This is a good start.
Tom wondered when the meeting would start.
We got off to a bad start.
Would you like to borrow my stapler?
Tom's great-grandfather's house is still standing.
Please don't run down the stairs.
Your shirt is stained.
Tom walked off the stage.
Finally, someone spoke.
That was money well spent.
It was spectacular.
You should talk to a specialist.
Tom didn't know what language the people in the next room were speaking.
Tom is good at public speaking.
Thanks for letting me speak.
Tom knew he had no time to spare.
We're running out of space.
I don't like this soup.
I really liked the soup.
What's causing that sound?
What's that awful sound?
Do you want me to say I'm sorry?
I'm dreadfully sorry.
Listen, I'm really sorry.
Tom said he wasn't sorry.
Look, I said I was sorry.
You'll be sorry.
You should've told me about it sooner.
You should've told me sooner.
How did you get back so soon?
Tom should be here pretty soon.
I hope to return soon.
I hope you'll return soon.
We're going to have to paint our barn soon.
The show will begin soon.
We hope to reopen soon.
I hope to finish soon.
We're going to have to leave soon.
You should come soon.
I'm not going to get married anytime soon.
Tom is likely to die soon.
You'll die soon.
We're going to have to have our house painted soon.
Do you think Tom is a good songwriter?
Tom is a good songwriter.
Tom says he can write songs.
Who taught you that song?
Do you remember this song?
Who sang this song?
Have you heard the original version of this song?
Who wrote this song?
Do you like this song?
Why don't we sing a song?
I think everyone will enjoy this next song.
Tom probably thought I knew the words to that song.
This is my favorite song.
It's just a song.
I'm writing a song.
Tom should write a song.
Tom is the name of my son.
I've seen the guy somewhere.
I know it's there somewhere.
Tom can be very scary sometimes.
It still happens sometimes.
We go out together sometimes.
I get homesick sometimes.
Would you like to go out with me sometime?
Did Tom ask you something?
Did Tom ask you to do something?
Do you want to do something?
Are you planning something?
Are you in the middle of something?
You have to buy something.
Please let me say something.
Tom said he wanted to give you something.
Tom wanted to talk to you about something.
I have to tell you guys something.
Tom is going to sing us something.
Tom always wants something.
Don't just sit there. Do something.
Tom seems to be running away from something.
I think they're plotting something.
That reminds us of something.
I'll go and prepare something.
Maybe you missed something.
Have you ever killed someone?
I have to trust someone.
It reminds me of someone.
This reminds me of someone.
I'll visit you someday.
These problems can be solved.
Is there really a solution?
This is the solution.
I guess that's the solution.
We're close to a solution.
We need to find a solution.
They were just soldiers.
Tom was braver than any of the other soldiers.
It was too soft.
The bed at the hotel where I stayed was too soft.
When did you buy that sofa?
Would you be more comfortable on the sofa?
Look what I found under the sofa.
Could you get me a soda?
Tom hid the stolen ring in a sock.
I major in sociology.
I think I'm allergic to that soap.
Did you really think so?
Say it's not so.
I always thought so.
I thought so.
Tell me if it isn't so.
I guess so.
I want you to do so.
I have no reason not to do so.
We wanted to do so.
They seemed to think so.
We hope so.
My grandmother told me so.
Tom told me so.
Don't you have a snowmobile?
I don't have a snowmobile.
I'm making a snowman.
I made a snowman.
Tom wondered how Mary could be so sure that it was going to snow.
Tom is shoveling snow.
Do you snore?
I don't usually snore.
I don't think I snore.
Stop sniffling.
It's a snap.
I'm no longer afraid of snakes.
Popcorn is one of my favorite snacks.
Popcorn is my favorite snack.
I made you a snack.
Has Tom quit smoking?
I'm trying to quit smoking.
Tom looked at Mary and smiled.
Tom tried to make Mary smile.
I've never seen Tom smile.
It takes a lot to make Tom smile.
You made me smile.
I want to become smarter.
Do you think I'm smart?
The world is very small.
Tom works very slowly.
Tom spoke slowly.
I'm tired of slogans.
Your grades are slipping.
Tom still looks sleepy.
I bet nobody's sleepy.
I was getting sleepy.
I'm sure you're sleepy.
I think you must be sleepy.
How long have you been sleeping?
Was Tom sleeping?
I wonder if Tom is sleeping.
Where do you sleep?
Last night, I didn't sleep.
Let's try to sleep.
It's still too early to go to sleep.
Tom finished his homework before going to sleep.
I really need to sleep.
I need a few hours of sleep.
I should really get some sleep.
I really should get some sleep.
Tom stared at the sky.
Tom said he'd never tried water skiing.
Tom wanted to go skiing.
Tom probably thought I could ski.
Let me see your sketches.
I love to skate.
Tom is nearly twice your size.
I'll be there at six.
What would you do if you were in Tom's situation?
I can't ignore this situation.
Tom wondered what Mary would do about the situation.
You've misjudged the situation.
Why aren't you sitting?
Are you really my sister?
Tom didn't know Mary had a sister.
How can I help you, sir?
Is the island sinking?
The island is sinking.
There are some broken wine bottles in the sink.
The police found a blonde hair in the sink.
Why are you still single?
Stop singing.
Where are the singers?
I'm not a good singer.
Do we really have to sing?
Has Tom promised to sing?
I don't like any of the songs that you sing.
Is it really that simple?
The truth is very simple.
That's very simple.
It really is that simple.
The explanation is simple.
It was so simple.
What we had to do was really quite simple.
Everyone was silent.
I know that isn't Tom's signature.
Don't change lanes without signaling.
Is this a bad sign?
Do you think it's a sign?
Where should I sign?
Tom signed the papers that Mary asked him to sign.
Tom didn't say much, which is a bad sign.
Your place is by my side.
Tom looked very sick.
No one got sick.
If you don't eat, you'll get sick.
I'm tired of being sick.
This music makes me sick.
Are all the windows shut?
Tom is never be able to keep his mouth shut.
It's your turn to shuffle.
I think my jeans have shrunk.
My cat loves shrimp.
Was Tom in the shower?
How was the show?
Are you going to the show?
I was the star of the show.
It was a very nice show.
This is a really good show.
This is going to be a good show.
Where's the shovel?
Stop shouting.
Tom hurt his shoulder.
I know you probably don't want to go to sleep right now, but you should.
Everything is going as it should.
Tom told John to get his shotgun.
How did you know that Tom was going to be shot?
Tom is lucky he didn't get shot.
Let's make it short.
Don't forget to go shopping.
Tom had to go downtown to do some shopping.
Where's the nearest coffee shop?
It's a small shop.
Where are my shoes?
Why aren't you wearing shoes?
I polished my shoes.
I think those are Tom's shoes.
I polished Tom's shoes.
No one noticed that Tom wasn't wearing shoes.
I was a bit shocked.
I changed my shirt.
That's my favorite shirt.
I like this striped shirt.
Abandon ship.
Tom has never been on a ship.
I recommend you look on the top shelf.
Tom knew that he couldn't reach the top shelf.
Mary is pretty, isn't she?
You've done your share.
Tom has already received his fair share.
You're really in bad shape.
Do you think I'm shallow?
Why are you shaking?
There's no salt in the salt shaker.
Sometimes my hands shake.
I like sewing.
How may I be of service?
How can I be of service?
They might take you seriously.
I'm considering it seriously.
Are they serious?
It's very serious.
Tom looked very serious.
Now's the time to get serious.
This time it's serious.
People think that I'm serious.
Look, I'm being serious.
Tom and Mary came separately.
Don't be so sentimental.
It was sensational.
I attended the seminar.
What do you want to sell?
I have one to sell.
I was very selfish.
I didn't think Tom was so selfish.
Mary is the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
Tom arrived ten minutes ago, but I haven't yet seen him.
Tom couldn't tell Mary what he'd seen.
I can remember some faces, but there are some people here I don't remember seeing.
What movie did you see?
What movie do you want to see?
What was there to see?
What movie should we see?
You can't see what I can see.
We need a new secretary.
You need a secretary.
Why did you tell Tom our secret?
You've discovered my secret.
I know the secret.
You'd better keep that a secret.
I think we should keep this a secret.
You can't keep a secret.
It'll take a few seconds.
Could you come here for a second?
Could I get you to help me for a second?
Will you please be seated?
Give me the screwdriver.
Isn't that a teacher from your school?
What don't you like about school?
Why aren't you at school?
What do you want to do after school?
Why did you skip school?
Where did you go to high school?
Why did they kick you out of school?
Tom didn't know why Mary wasn't at school.
Tom probably thought I was at school.
My kids used to go to this school.
We have a lot of good teachers at our school.
Tom wondered where Mary went to school.
Tom didn't want to go to school.
Tom just got back from school.
I really hated you when we were both in high school.
Tom didn't live to see his children graduate from high school.
Tom and John have been friends since high school.
Tom wondered why Mary had dropped out of school.
I'll wait for you in front of the school.
Tom was able to go to college thanks to a scholarship.
The meeting has already been scheduled.
I'm going to have to change my schedule.
Your story wasn't very scary.
It's not that scary.
What color is Mary's scarf?
When I saw that Tom had a gun, I got scared.
I'm beginning to get scared.
They're looking for a scapegoat.
I got scammed.
That's what the law says.
That's what Tom always says.
Do what your mother says.
You shouldn't always believe what Tom says.
I want to see what the message says.
Tom didn't understand what Mary was saying.
Tom couldn't hear a word that Mary and John were saying.
Tom can't seem to understand what you're saying.
We need to be very careful not to let anybody hear what we're saying.
Tom can't seem to understand what we're saying.
So, what do you say?
Don't you know what to say?
What do you plan to say?
How did you know what I was going to say?
Do you still have something to say?
What else is there to say?
What would you like me to say?
What else could Tom say?
What exactly did Tom say?
What did the police say?
So, what did your dad say?
We'd better do what they say.
I agree with what you say.
This is all I want to say.
I think I can speak French well enough to say pretty much anything I want to say.
There's something I want to say.
I don't believe that's what you meant to say.
I don't believe that's what I meant to say.
Tom didn't know just what to say.
Tom wondered what Mary wanted him to say.
Tom was glad that Mary understood what he was trying to say.
I've said all I'm going to say.
Tom has something to say.
I'll listen to whatever you have to say.
At least they listened to what we had to say.
Tom wondered what he should say.
Tom wondered what he was supposed say.
How did you know Tom was the one who stole your saxophone?
Who knows what you saw?
Are you sure you saw what you think you saw?
Did I just see what I think I saw?
Tell me who you saw.
Look, I know what I saw.
You didn't see what I saw.
I was satisfied.
I was more than satisfied.
I was quite satisfied.
Who wrote that song you just sang?
Tom didn't like the way Mary sang.
I don't like any of the songs that you sang.
I especially liked the last song you sang.
Tom made some sandwiches.
Tom took one of the sandwiches.
I only ate one sandwich.
Tom promised to make Mary a sandwich.
I made you a sandwich.
Tom quickly made himself a sandwich.
Will you do the same?
Are these all the same?
Do I still look the same?
Don't I look the same?
Tom said he felt the same.
It's always the same.
Every day is the same.
It was the same.
I'll do the same.
You're still the same.
You don't look the same.
We want to hire some experienced salespeople.
Is it still for sale?
It's still for sale.
Tom's not a saint.
Did you hear what they said?
Was that what you said?
Should I repeat what I just said?
Did you understand what Tom said?
What was it that Tom said?
Don't you remember what I said?
Tom didn't hear what Mary said.
Tom couldn't help overhearing what Mary said.
Tom didn't tell me what Mary said.
Tom knows what you said.
I agree with everything you just said.
I understand everything you just said.
Forget what I just said.
Let me repeat what I just said.
I regret not having paid more attention to what the teacher said.
We don't know what Tom said.
I agree with what Tom said.
Please tell me what Tom said.
I didn't understand anything Tom said.
Tom wondered why Mary had said what she said.
I'm sure Tom meant what he said.
Tom didn't say what you said he said.
Tom said everything that needed to be said.
Think about what I said.
Yeah, that's what I said.
I mean what I said.
I meant everything I said.
I felt safer.
We aren't safe.
I hope it's safe.
This car is quite safe.
Do I really seem so sad?
Tom wondered why Mary looked so sad.
Tom's French is easier to understand than Mary's.
Tom has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's.
This book is Tom's.
I think those are Tom's.
It could just be a ruse.
Tom is a very good runner.
I'm not a good runner.
Did you have a nice run?
Listen, I've got to run.
You should've seen Tom run.
It was a rumor.
Don't ever forget this rule.
Remember this rule.
This is a rule.
What a beautiful rose!
No matter what you do, don't pull this rope.
Just let go of the rope.
Tom was my roommate.
None of you are allowed in my room.
I was cleaning my room.
I've locked myself out of my room.
This used to be my room.
I knew there was somebody in the next room.
Tom and Mary are waiting in the next room.
We're going to need to clean out this room.
From now on, we'll meet in this room.
There are too many people in this room.
None of you should leave this room.
Tom spent the afternoon cleaning his room.
Tom cleaned his room.
I think you should clean your room.
This is our room.
I'm in my hotel room.
Tom went into the dining room.
I want a single room.
Tom has left the room.
Tom was reading a letter when I walked into the room.
There were only three people in the room.
I've finished cleaning the room.
How are you going to get up to the roof?
You're always so romantic.
Did you bring rolls?
Could you pass the rolls?
I'll buy some rolls.
Tom was charged with armed robbery.
Tom didn't want to park his new car on the road.
Tom says he can swim across the river.
I threw the engagement ring Tom gave me into the river.
This is very risky.
You took some unnecessary risks.
There are no health risks.
There's no risk.
It was a riot.
Your telephone's ringing.
Your phone's ringing.
Why aren't you wearing your wedding ring?
I know my legal rights.
Who was right?
Who's right?
Was your father right?
Was Tom right?
Did I say your name right?
You're sure about this, right?
You're a friend of Tom's, right?
You talked to Tom, right?
You're exaggerating, right?
You were in Boston at that time, right?
Tom is partly right.
This time Tom is right.
You've got to do what you think is right.
Your father was right.
Tom said it was all right.
There's something not quite right.
It doesn't seem quite right.
Yes, you're quite right.
It seems you were right.
I thought maybe you were right.
Your parents were right.
I think they're right.
You should've turned right.
How did Tom get rich?
What makes you think I'm rich?
I hear you're rich.
I always knew you were going to be rich.
I used to be rich.
I didn't order rice.
Tom probably thought I wouldn't know how to cook rice.
This should be completely rewritten.
When do I get my reward?
I got my license revoked.
They've just returned.
What do I have to do in return?
We'll wait for your return.
Tom wanted something in return.
Wait here until I return.
I'm now retired.
I'm not ready to retire.
I think you should retire.
They sent us the results.
I knew Tom would be unhappy with the results.
I knew you'd be unhappy with the results.
I recommend that restaurant.
We found a great restaurant.
I've always liked this restaurant.
I found a nice restaurant.
Now I want to rest.
I advise you all to get plenty of rest.
Your father is very responsible.
Tom is very responsible.
Tom never responded.
How would you respond?
You have our respect.
The matter has been resolved.
I thought Tom had resigned.
You have to resign.
Would you like me to cancel our reservation?
I think I'll go ahead and cancel our reservation.
Your help isn't required.
What more do you require?
No one knew the song that Tom requested.
All I have is my reputation.
Tom was elected class representative.
Have you seen my report?
Have you read my report?
You have until Monday to finish that report.
I heard the report.
I expect a detailed report.
I'm still waiting for a reply.
That really is a good replica.
You've lied to me repeatedly.
Who'll pay the rent?
Tom has apparently not yet paid his rent.
We're still looking for a house we can rent.
Make sure you don't forget to pay the rent.
I've always paid the rent.
Who remembers?
That's worth remembering.
Who do you remember?
This really is remarkable.
Now I feel relieved.
They all looked relieved.
Is it reliable?
Is Tom reliable?
I think it's reliable.
The prisoners have been released.
The prisoners were released.
Tom wants to relax.
We aren't related.
Tom and I are related.
Maybe we're related.
I think that's very regrettable.
I've already registered.
Do I have to register?
My request was refused.
Tom's request was refused.
Please send me a refund.
Do you know any redheads?
It's red.
I crossed the street even though the light was still red.
I really like red.
I haven't yet fully recovered.
I've fully recovered.
Tom has almost completely recovered.
I'm afraid Tom's not going to recover.
This movie is highly recommended.
Did that happen recently?
They arrived in Boston recently.
You forgot to give me a receipt.
I have my reasons.
Your offer is reasonable.
Please be reasonable.
Do I need another reason?
What's the other reason?
Is that a valid reason?
I've loved you for longer than you realize.
Be realistic.
Is the food ready?
We're probably ready.
I've got to get ready.
Our team is ready.
OK, I guess I'm ready.
We're waiting for you to finish getting ready.
We must always be ready.
We have to always be ready.
We need to always be ready.
You have to be ready.
Tom wondered when dinner would be ready.
Is this book worth reading?
Tom wondered if Mary understood what she was reading.
I've just finished the book I was reading.
I just finished the book I was reading.
You seem to dislike reading.
Are you a mind reader?
I'm not a mind reader.
What did you read?
I love to read.
What're you going to do about these rats?
What's your hourly rate?
You deserve a raise.
I'd like a raise.
It's probably raining.
It's stopped raining.
Let's hope it doesn't rain.
Let's pray for rain.
Tom said that he didn't think it would rain.
It was a tough race.
I won the race.
Tom had expected to win the race.
Tom wondered how Mary could be so sure that she'd win the race.
I want a raccoon.
Why do you want to quit?
Maybe I should just quit.
You can't quit.
That's why we can't quit.
Can you be a little quieter?
Is your room quiet?
We need to be very quiet.
It's quiet.
We'd better be quiet.
I really do wish you'd be quiet.
Wow, you catch on quick.
Will you answer my questions?
Why are you asking these questions?
Tom thought that Mary was asking too many questions.
Tom wanted to ask many questions.
Tom didn't ask any questions.
I'm going to ask you a few questions.
Tom wanted to ask you a few questions.
I couldn't answer any of Tom's questions.
Stop asking questions.
Tom wanted to ask Mary a lot of questions.
You should ask Tom those questions.
We should've asked more questions.
Don't ask me such hard questions.
Tom asked a few good questions.
Do I have to answer that question?
Now what's your question?
Why don't you just answer the question?
This is an easy question.
It's difficult to answer that question.
You might want to ask Tom that question.
You're avoiding the question.
Get back to your quarters.
Go back to your quarters.
What are your qualification?
Don't be so pushy.
Tom stole my purse.
Why do cats purr?
I don't think Tom did that on purpose.
I love purple.
Do you want a puppy?
Was Tom punished?
Tom was the only one who was punished.
Tom was punished.
Tom has already been punished.
I've already been punished.
I've just been punished.
I think Tom should be punished.
Tom should be punished.
Do you want some tapioca pudding?
Where was it published?
Where was this book published?
This story can't be published.
Tom thinks people shouldn't eat in public.
I'm not a prude.
I have a reputation to protect.
Some people at the meeting didn't like my proposal.
This time we have proof.
You don't keep your promises.
Keep your promises.
Did Tom break his promise?
Do I have your promise?
I've kept my promise.
I never made such a promise.
Are you really going to ask Mary to the prom?
This is my last project.
That should be prohibited.
Have we made any progress?
We've made progress.
I want to be a programmer.
I love that program.
I don't like this program.
Tom is a real professional.
I buy only organic products.
Are you ready to proceed?
Did you tell Tom about your problems?
Who's causing all the problems?
Tom has caused me many problems.
I haven't noticed any problems.
I have heart problems.
You see to be having some serious problems.
I have some serious problems.
We solved both problems.
I wanted to make sure you weren't having problems.
I think you're causing problems.
I've never had those kinds of problems.
Tom doesn't have these problems.
Tom certainly has some problems.
Who'll handle this problem?
What was their problem?
Is this the problem?
Do you have any idea what caused the problem?
That's the only problem.
That was Tom's biggest problem.
It's not a difficult problem.
I was just now thinking about that problem.
We're still discussing that problem.
There are no quick fixes for this problem.
Let's talk about Tom's problem.
We were just talking about your problem.
This might be your problem.
I've never had that kind of problem.
I have the same problem.
I'm not causing the problem.
We have to solve the problem.
Tom solved the problem.
Now that's a problem.
Tom didn't anticipate that it would be a problem.
Who won the prize?
May I see you in private?
Could I see you in private?
It's private.
We're all prisoners.
Do you know why Tom was in prison?
Do you know why I was in prison?
Is it true that you just got out of prison?
They met in prison.
Tom and John met in prison.
Tom wondered if Mary knew John had spent three years in prison.
Tom didn't know why Mary was in prison.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary that he'd been in prison.
You'll probably die in prison.
Your doll's very pretty.
Tom said I was pretty.
I've already given Tom his birthday present.
There's no time like the present.
What've you prepared?
People here are very prejudiced.
Tom didn't ask me which I preferred.
It was predictable.
What happened was predictable.
You're predictable.
See you back at the precinct.
Who taught you this prayer?
You'll improve with practice.
See you at band practice.
Tom weighs around pounds.
Would you please pass the potatoes?
Can you pass me the potatoes?
Is that really possible?
Was it possible?
Is such a thing possible?
How would that be possible?
How could this be possible?
That's entirely possible.
Unfortunately, it's not possible.
We'll try to do that as soon as possible.
I don't know if it's possible.
I don't know if that's possible.
I wish it were possible.
I didn't think this would be possible.
Please think positively.
You have to be positive.
What would you do if you were in Tom's position?
Don't eat raw pork.
Tom probably thought I didn't eat pork.
Who made this song popular?
Our website seems to be getting more popular.
I feel like eating popcorn.
Are we really that poor?
We're very poor.
They're really poor.
I used to be poor.
Tom wanted me to buy him a pony.
There aren't any fish in this pond.
There are no fish in this pond.
Tom isn't interested in politics.
Tom is always very polite.
Tom was very polite.
I was very polite.
That doesn't sound very polite.
Try to be polite.
Tom wanted to be polite.
We realized it was pointless.
Tom writes poetry.
I love poetry.
I have pneumonia.
Call a plumber.
I need a pair of pliers.
Hand me the pliers.
It was a real pleasure.
Could you come with me, please?
You're a hard man to please.
Somebody, help me, please.
Let's make a new playlist.
I need to make a new playlist.
There were some children playing tag on the playground.
Were you the bass player?
What kind of music do they play?
That's plausible.
Remember to water the plants.
Have you made any plans?
Tom began to tell Mary his plans.
Tom told me about his plans.
Tom didn't change his plans.
We're going to have to change our plans.
This wasn't planned.
We met on the plane.
What's wrong with my plan?
What exactly is our plan?
I think that's the best plan.
I've already considered that plan.
Everything is going according to plan.
I think this is a very good plan.
That sounds like a very good plan.
Of course, I have a plan.
Have I come to the right place?
Where's this place?
What would you do if you were in Tom's place?
My family owns this place.
I think Tom doesn't know how to get to Mary's place.
I'll go in your place.
You don't know the place.
This is a really nice place.
This looks like a nice place.
Tom ended up in second place.
Why don't we just order a pizza?
Tom may have already ordered a pizza.
Tom has perfect pitch.
Hand me that box of pins.
It's a pineapple.
Will you have some pie?
Who wants a slice of pie?
I need some apples so I can make an apple pie.
I'm just taking pictures.
We've already published these pictures.
Is this really you in this picture?
Are you in this picture?
When did you take this picture?
Write something about this picture.
I don't remember when I took this picture.
I took this picture.
I changed my profile picture.
Tom just changed his profile picture.
I know that there will be a lot of good food at the picnic.
This looks like a great place for a picnic.
You're being too picky.
Who taught you the piano?
Tom knows how to play the piano.
I just saw your photos.
I saw your photos.
I'm not a great photographer.
I've never been photographed.
You're very photogenic.
I have to make photocopies.
I made photocopies.
I remember this photo.
I took the photo.
I sent you a photo.
I have three mobile phones.
Tom bought a mobile phone.
It's phenomenal.
Why are you so pessimistic?
I know Tom Jackson personally.
I know them personally.
I'm a serious person.
Tom seems like a reliable person.
I'm an educated person.
You're a very bad person.
I should've asked Tom for permission.
My plan worked perfectly.
It seems perfect.
It's far from perfect.
Don't use too much pepper.
Go easy on the pepper.
How can you trust these people?
I like honest people.
Tom is afraid to say no to people.
I still don't understand people.
Could you please sharpen these pencils?
Tom didn't sharpen the pencils.
Tom sharpened the pencils.
Tom is sharpening his pencil.
Don't sign the contract in pencil.
Put down that pen.
I need a red pen.
Don't forget to bring a pen.
Do you like pears?
Are you allergic to peanuts?
Tom probably thought I was allergic to peanuts.
Many people are allergic to peanuts.
Honesty pays.
No one here pays.
How much would you pay?
Do we have to pay?
Tom refused to pay.
There's no need to pay.
We'll wait patiently.
I'm a cancer patient.
Tom begged us to be patient.
Tom might lose patience.
I overcooked the pasta.
I'm ashamed of my past.
We don't know anything about Tom's past.
What's your password?
Why do you want to see my passport?
Have you seen Tom's passport?
I still can't remember where I put my passport.
I can't find my passport.
Don't forget your passport.
The danger has passed.
Were you invited to Tom's party?
Were you at the party?
I hope Tom comes to my party.
You're no longer invited to my party.
None of you are invited to my party.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be at his party.
Tom was very upset when Mary didn't come to his party.
Tom said he'd rather not go to Mary's party.
Tom didn't want to go to Mary's party.
I might not be at tonight's party.
I was invited to Tom's party.
Nobody wants to come to your party.
We really hope you can be at our party.
Tom and Mary won't want me at their party.
No one noticed that Tom wasn't at the party.
We had fun at the party.
Tom hoped Mary would be at the party.
I wouldn't want to miss the party.
Tom wondered if Mary would wear the necklace he had given her to the party.
Tom refused to allow Mary to go to the party.
It's divided into three parts.
Did you find a partner?
I wanted to participate.
Tom has done his part.
This is my favorite part.
Tom saw an attractive middle-aged lady in the park.
Tom spent the day in the park.
There wasn't anyone in the park.
There are people in the park.
There were at least three people in the park.
Where are your parents?
Tom spent the day with his parents.
Tom's parents are much stricter than Mary's parents.
Tom's parents are older than Mary's parents.
Be kind to your parents.
Tom signed the papers.
I signed the wrong paper.
Why are you wearing short pants?
I just saw a panther.
I just spotted a panther.
We can't risk causing a panic.
Why are you so pale?
Tom looked very pale.
I'm already in my pajamas.
Tom is very interested in painting.
Tom looked at the painting.
Tom promised not to tell anyone how much we paid to have our house painted.
Are you the one who spilled the paint?
Divorce is always painful.
Tom couldn't hide his pain.
I've been having a lot of back pain.
Tom didn't say anything, but you could tell he was in a lot of pain.
Try to ignore the pain.
Have you already paid?
How much did you get paid?
How much are you going to get paid?
How much are we going to get paid?
How will I get paid?
When will I get paid?
Why are you packing?
I've already packed.
Where's the package?
Tom wondered who had left the package.
Do you have an ice pack?
Are they pacifists?
They were pacifists.
Tom is as strong as an ox.
I learned to swim on my own.
I guess I'm on my own.
It looks like I'm on my own.
I'll get there on my own.
I'll be on my own.
How much do I owe?
Do you think I'm overweight?
It was an oversight.
It was really overpriced.
I think I've been overcharged.
Throw them overboard.
Are you saying it's over?
Do you still want me to come over?
Should I take over?
What time will your last class be over?
The wait is almost over.
Please do it over.
OK, I'll be right over.
The wait is over.
The revolution is over.
Tom said that the emergency was over.
I hope it's over.
It's chilly outside.
We could hear sirens outside.
I heard voices outside.
I heard a car outside.
It's drizzling outside.
Is that really so outrageous?
What Tom said was outrageous.
What an ugly outfit!
Did Tom ever ask you out?
Will you cut it out?
Should I go check it out?
Which would you rather do, eat at home or eat out?
What are you leaving out?
Why are you going out?
Have I left anything out?
Did I leave anything out?
Where were you when the fire broke out?
How would they find out?
Let's find a way out.
Maybe I can help you out.
I could've helped you out.
Don't throw it out.
Tom took the candle from Mary and blew it out.
Maybe we can work it out.
I figured that out.
Tom is checking things out.
I'll see if I can't help out.
You look worn out.
I wonder what we can do to help them out.
I'll see what I can work out.
Time's running out.
I've been trying to figure something out.
The truth will come out.
Come and help me out.
I passed out.
I think we can do this by ourselves.
We shouldn't have gone there by ourselves.
What do you do for others?
Where were the others?
I love to help others.
Do no harm to others.
We must stop the others.
I'd better warn the others.
Tom didn't come to the table to sit with the others.
You should be with the others.
How long have you two known each other?
Tom and Mary were able to help each other.
They can help each other.
Tom and Mary waved to each other.
Tom and Mary embraced each other.
They embraced each other.
You're very original.
It's better than the original.
Tom didn't notice anything out of the ordinary.
We have to obey orders.
They obeyed orders.
Everything was in order.
It'll be a long ordeal.
You look like an orangutan.
My favorite color is orange.
You have only two options.
You have two options.
You have only three options.
You have at least three options.
You have three options.
What's your other option?
What's our other option?
What's the other option?
Try to be optimistic.
It was a lost opportunity.
I've never had the opportunity.
There will be new opportunities.
There will be other opportunities.
I'd like to hear your opinion.
I don't need your opinion.
Tom didn't ask Mary for her opinion.
Tom asked Mary for her opinion.
That's only my personal opinion.
That's my own personal opinion.
Tom was able to live a more or less normal life after the operation.
Do you like opera?
Tom asked Mary not to wear her red dress to the opera.
Where do you keep your bottle opener?
Tom wanted to unpack, but couldn't get his suitcase open.
Both of the doors are open.
Both of the rooms are open.
Not all of my ideas are good ones.
Would you like me to get you one?
I have to buy one.
I want one.
My favorite is this one.
You made a mistake on this one.
I don't want another one.
Maybe we could take one.
Tom thought Mary's idea was a good one.
This is an extra one.
I have to try doing that at least once.
Just say it once.
I've done that once.
Tom didn't answer at once.
I was beautiful once.
Tom said he'd be willing to try anything once.
Would you like to try it on?
I'll try to be nicer to Tom from now on.
I thought I saw a light on.
There's something mysterious going on.
I don't really know what was going on.
Tom probably thought I didn't know what was going on.
Tom couldn't understand what was going on.
Tom didn't understand what was going on.
I'd like you to pay attention to what's going on.
Tom still has no idea what's going on.
You have to hold on.
I'll tell you all about it when you're a bit older.
Do I really look so old?
This cabinet is very old.
I've never kissed anyone over thirty years old.
My parents died in a traffic accident when I was thirteen years old.
Tom was able to play Mozart on the piano when he was three years old.
It's old.
You make us feel old.
You make me feel old.
Maybe I'm just getting old.
Tom felt that he was getting old.
Tom wondered how it would feel to be old.
Is your family OK?
Are you sure you feel OK?
Is your family doing OK?
Don't forget to do your homework, OK?
Just have Tom call me, OK?
I wonder if Tom is OK.
I hope it goes OK.
They tell me you're OK.
What computer programs do you use the most often?
Do you travel often?
Do you update your website often?
I see Tom pretty often.
Tom has been too busy to visit us very often.
Tom does that quite often.
Let's meet more often.
This list is not official.
I made it official.
It's official.
Have I broken a law, officer?
Are Tom and Mary still in my office?
How are things at the office?
Apparently, the meeting will be in Tom's office.
Your wife is in your office.
Tom speaks French better than any other person in our office.
See you back at the office.
I really have to get back to the office.
Tom had to go back to the office.
Tom has received several job offers.
Did Tom accept your offer?
Why would I be offended?
Why not take a few days off?
Why was your phone off?
Tomorrow is a day off.
Let me take my coat off.
Take your headphones off.
I'm taking this week off.
Tom must've been showing off.
The plane is taking off.
I'd really like to take some time off.
Who does this remind you of?
What's it made of?
What animals are you afraid of?
Who are you so afraid of?
What's there to be ashamed of?
It seems like we haven't done anything fun since last October.
I'll see you in October.
My birthday is in October.
We'll meet again in October.
I'll be back in October.
I'll wait until October.
They're already occupied.
It seems pretty obvious.
The reason is obvious.
Don't deny the obvious.
Are you really that oblivious?
I'm a conscientious objector.
Be objective.
Does anyone have any objections?
There were no objections.
They're really obese.
You're obese.
So, are you really a nurse?
Mary wants to be a nun.
Why did you want my number?
What's your lucky number?
Do you still have my phone number?
Does anyone here know Tom's phone number?
What's your home number?
Three is my lucky number.
My back is numb.
My fingers are numb.
Should I open it now?
Are you angry right now?
Where are Tom and Mary right now?
Where are they right now?
What do you want right now?
Why do I have to do it right now?
Why don't we do it right now?
Do you have to do this right now?
What do you want to do right now?
What do you want me to do right now?
Are you lying right now?
Why can't we just leave right now?
Do you three think you could help me right now?
Do I have to decide right now?
Are you tired right now?
Why are you so upset now?
Who wants to eat now?
Who can stop us now?
Where are the flowers now?
Who are you working for now?
Do you want to come over now?
Why can't I just go now?
Do I need to go now?
What would you like me to do now?
So, what should we do now?
Are you in Boston now?
Are you open now?
Where do you work now?
Where does Tom work now?
How much do you weigh now?
Who are you texting now?
What are they doing now?
What's the most important to be doing now?
Is there anything more interesting that we could be doing now?
Do you want to go there now?
What should be done now?
Are you at home now?
Can you come home now?
What good is that to me now?
Are you watching me now?
Who have I offended now?
I wonder if Tom is busy now.
Tom seems to be busy now.
I'm very angry now.
Tom seems to be happy now.
Tom should be happy now.
I have to study now.
We were supposed to be there by now.
I'd intended to have my homework finished by now.
Tom should already be in Australia by now.
No one will obey you now.
There's nothing I can do to help you now.
I can't do anything to help you now.
They're too busy to talk to you now.
I have to do it now.
Maybe you should open it now.
Maybe we should open it now.
Tom is doing it now.
I'm reading it now.
I need to see it now.
I can see you right now.
We don't need you right now.
I only have American coins in my pocket right now.
I don't want to do that right now.
I don't want to eat right now.
I'm watching the news right now.
We're accepting applications right now.
I don't have time to wash the dishes right now.
The doctor's examining Tom right now.
I have something else I need to be doing right now.
It doesn't seem like what we should be doing right now.
We can't go there right now.
We've got to get out of here right now.
Get out of here right now.
I'm watching a movie right now.
It's dangerous to go outside right now.
I feel really good right now.
Tom is in Australia right now.
Let's not talk about that now.
Don't do that now.
Nothing can stop us now.
We want the facts now.
Your time is over now.
I'm definitely better now.
We understand each other now.
I don't know what's popular now.
Tom is asleep now.
Well, I've got to go now.
I need to go now.
I want an explanation now.
Call Tom now.
I don't want to see Tom now.
You're a professional now.
We'd better get going now.
I'd like to know what I should be doing now.
It may be too late to do anything now.
Mary is on maternity leave now.
I could go there now.
Go there now.
I don't want to see anyone now.
I have to take Tom home now.
It's all clear to me now.
We're watching a movie now.
I feel really good now.
It's going to be OK now.
I spent the evening reading a novel.
I haven't yet been notified.
I hadn't noticed.
I noticed.
Should I be taking notes?
Did you take notes?
Don't throw away your notes.
Let me see your notes.
Your objection is noted.
Where's my notebook?
Tom bought a new notebook.
All Tom left was a note.
Do you want to know or not?
Did you find Tom or not?
Do you want this back or not?
Are you going to go with me or not?
Do you want to be with me or not?
Do you love me or not?
Do you understand or not?
I guess not.
I don't know whether I love you or not.
I don't know if Tom understood what we were talking about or not.
Tom wondered whether he should let Mary go or not.
Tom didn't ask whether Mary was planning to go or not.
Tom didn't care whether Mary liked him or not.
Tom didn't care whether he made a noise or not.
Is it normal?
Do you think this is normal?
It seems very normal.
I guess that's normal.
I'm not so normal.
I think that's quite normal.
This is the norm.
Tom didn't get out of bed until after noon.
I don't have time for this kind of nonsense.
I heard strange noises.
Stop making so much noise.
Try to ignore the noise.
Why did you say no?
It never occurred to me that Tom might say no.
I don't ever say no.
Tom and Mary are going to say no.
Tom told us no.
Everyone said no.
I keep having nightmares.
What'll you do tomorrow night?
What'll you be doing tomorrow night?
How was last night?
Who were you with last night?
Who was there last night?
Were you here last night?
Do you still have what we found last night?
Do you remember what happened last night?
Were you awake at 2:last night?
Were you here all night?
Have you been awake all night?
I'll be there Monday night.
I'll be there Friday night.
We're open tomorrow night.
We'll be home tomorrow night.
You should've been at our party last night.
Tom didn't drink much at the party last night.
I saw you last night.
I saw it last night.
I bought it last night.
Tom was playing chess last night.
I studied French for three hours last night.
Tom definitely looked better last night.
Tom and his friends drank a lot of beer last night.
Tom and his friends consumed a lot of beer last night.
That's why I didn't get any sleep last night.
I was out late last night.
I had a nightmare last night.
Tom called me last night.
Tom slept under a bridge last night.
The pain started last night.
Tom didn't go to sleep till 2:last night.
Tom didn't go to sleep till late that night.
Tom didn't let his children go out at night.
Tom's parents let him stay out late at night.
I've been driving all night.
I have to be here all night.
I had a bad night.
I'll try to be nicer.
My boss is very nice.
Winning is always nice.
When will I see you next?
Where will Tom and Mary go next?
What'll we do next?
I was going to say that next.
Tom never reads the newspaper.
I just read about that in the newspaper.
I hardly ever read a newspaper.
This is great news.
They're listening to the news.
Listen, I have good news.
It's very new.
I was new.
I don't see anything new.
I didn't see anything new.
I want something new.
Tom sounds nervous.
You're a real nerd.
I don't like my neighbors.
I think we're neighbors.
Tom wants to buy a house in this neighborhood.
I didn't realize you lived in this neighborhood.
This is a rough neighborhood.
Do you hate your neighbor?
Tom hates his neighbor.
I hate needles.
Tom and Mary got everything they needed.
They got everything they needed.
Your help isn't needed.
Tom couldn't afford to buy everything he needed.
How many do they need?
How much longer do you need?
What kind of assistance do you need?
Do you have all the information you need?
What else will you need?
How many does Tom need?
What else do we need?
Is this all we need?
The children have everything they need.
I don't think you need that much money to buy what you need.
Tom will give you what you need.
I have what you need.
You have all the information you need.
Tomorrow, I'm going to buy what we need.
Here's a list of what we need.
I think we've got everything we need.
Maybe that's what I need.
Tom gave me more money than I need.
Thank you for the necklace.
Was that really necessary?
Is all this really necessary?
Was it necessary?
Is it really that necessary?
Why would it be necessary?
Why would that be necessary?
What we did was necessary.
Tell me if it's necessary.
That seems natural.
I don't remember their names.
Tom couldn't remember all their names.
Who told you my name?
Where should I sign my name?
Do you want to know his name?
What's your grandfather's name?
Tom's not my name.
Tom says he doesn't remember my name.
Tom insists I stop calling him by his first name.
I still don't know your name.
The only thing I know about you is your name.
Tom couldn't remember where he'd heard her name.
Tom couldn't even write his own name.
It's interesting that both of you have the same name.
I'm not completely naive.
I know that sounds naive.
Why are you biting your nails?
I'm tired of your nagging.
It's a myth.
Can I do it myself?
There's no way I can handle this by myself.
If I were you, I wouldn't go there by myself.
I didn't look at it myself.
I'm surprised at myself.
I made this myself.
I'll go and see Tom myself.
Maybe I'm fooling myself.
I had to do everything myself.
I'm very ashamed of myself.
If anything should happen to Tom, I wouldn't forgive myself.
I'm surprised myself.
I'm kind of surprised myself.
Do you think I'd look good with a mustache?
Would I look good with a mustache?
Are you two musicians?
Who taught you music?
Who composed this music?
Have you ever heard Tom's music?
Do you like modern music?
I like country music.
I can't live without music.
I enjoy classical music.
I like many kinds of music.
I listen to all kinds of music.
Tom and I like the same kind of music.
Tom doesn't like loud music.
Tom can't stand loud music.
I wonder why Tom was murdered.
Why do you worry so much?
Tom doesn't seem to know very much.
I don't like that very much.
I don't like cats very much.
Actually, I don't like Tom very much.
I loved Tom very much.
Thank you all very much.
I don't think Tom liked your song very much.
Tom didn't want to pay that much.
I don't really like dogs all that much.
Tom didn't help much.
I never understood why Tom liked Mary so much.
Please don't complain so much.
I don't like Tom so much.
The doctor says I need to quit worrying so much.
You have to stop worrying so much.
It cost too much.
Maybe I expect too much.
You eat too much.
You complain too much.
You've drunk too much.
I talked too much.
Tom didn't do much.
Tom didn't drink much.
I hate horror movies.
Tom has no desire to go to the movies.
I seldom go to the movies.
Did you see the end of the movie?
I know you'll enjoy that movie.
I've just seen that movie.
Tom probably thought I wouldn't like that movie.
Tom said he'd rather not see that movie.
I don't think Tom will enjoy this movie.
Even Tom seemed to enjoy the movie.
This is my favorite part of the movie.
I fell asleep before the end of the movie.
It really is a good movie.
Tom and Mary went to see a movie.
Let's go see a movie.
I watched a movie.
Tom put something in his mouth.
We're in mourning.
I like to ride motorcycles.
Do you always wear a helmet when you ride your motorcycle?
Tom said he'd never been in a motorboat.
Tom had ulterior motives.
I've lost my motivation.
Don't tell my mother.
Tom didn't like his mother.
I'm a single mother.
What do you want most?
Which one do you like most?
Which one do you like the most?
I killed the mosquito.
How much water did you drink this morning?
What've you been doing all morning?
Tom died early Monday morning.
See you tomorrow morning.
I'll go tomorrow morning.
It was sunny this morning.
Tom got up early this morning.
Tom had to get up early this morning.
Tom is pretty cranky this morning.
You'll never guess who I saw this morning.
Tom wouldn't come down to eat breakfast this morning.
I noticed that this morning.
I went to the park this morning.
Tom said you were late this morning.
Tom was the first to get here this morning.
I worked this morning.
I shoveled snow all morning.
You'll never guess where I've been all morning.
You've been waiting all morning.
I'm sorry for dragging you out of bed so early in the morning.
You can see Tom in the morning.
Tom wondered why he always felt so tired in the morning.
Do I have to do anything more?
Can't you give me a little more?
Tom didn't say any more.
We can't say any more.
You know I can't wait any more.
I can't sleep any more.
I can't walk any more.
We can't have any more.
Let me tell you more.
We want more.
I expected a bit more.
I want to get more.
I need to practice judo more.
I should've been able to do more.
We need to train more.
I won't say anything more.
Don't ask for anything more.
You could give more.
I'd like some more.
I expected more.
I was in a bad mood.
Do you really think you can learn to speak French fluently in three months?
I'll see you in a few months.
Tom has been unemployed for the past three months.
I've only studied French for three months.
Tom was in a coma for three months.
I'll know in three months.
See you in three months.
I'll know the answer to that in three months.
How much do you spend on food every month?
Tom and I were in Boston last month.
We used very little kerosene last month.
I need to do this three times a day for a month.
Where's the rest of my money?
How did Tom get you to donate so much money?
Why should we need more money?
Do you think you could lend me some money?
What did you do with the money?
I've wasted my money.
Help me hide this money.
Tom has spent all his money.
I won't accept your money.
You're always wasting your money.
Tom wondered what Mary would say when she found out he'd spent all their money.
Tom married Mary for her money.
I knew you wouldn't have enough money.
I knew Tom wouldn't have enough money.
I don't think I have enough money.
You've already given me enough money.
I need to start saving money.
Tom lost a lot of money.
Tom earns a lot of money.
Tom had a rich uncle who left him a lot of money.
Tom must have a lot of money.
I've made a great deal of money.
Tom made a good deal of money.
We don't have any more money.
What I need is more money.
We're going to need a little more money.
Tom said that he needed more money.
I suppose I could lend you some money.
I need to earn some money.
I'm sure I can persuade Tom to donate some money.
Someone owes me money.
We don't care about the money.
Tom couldn't persuade Mary to accept the money.
I'm doing it for the money.
You should've taken the money.
Tom took the money.
I took the money.
Tom will want to know where you hid the money.
We're open on Mondays.
We're closed on Mondays.
Where were you last Monday?
Could you wait until after Monday?
Do you work on Monday?
Can you stay till Monday?
Do I have to come on Monday?
It's only Monday.
It'll be difficult to complete this report by Monday.
I have to pay this bill by Monday.
See you Monday.
Maybe I can have this done by next Monday.
I'll do that next Monday.
I think I'll go to Boston next Monday.
It's possible that I might be in Boston next Monday.
We'll do our best to deliver everything before next Monday.
You're lucky it's not Monday.
Yesterday was Monday.
I thought it was Monday.
Tom knew that he'd be busy on Monday.
Tom bought a scarf for Mary on Monday.
I can give you more details on Monday.
There will be a party at Tom's on Monday.
I'm going to Tom's on Monday.
I won't be going to Tom's on Monday.
I'm going to Boston on Monday.
I won't be going to Boston on Monday.
I have an exam on Monday.
I don't work on Monday.
I'm leaving on Monday.
Try to be there on Monday.
I'll be there on Monday.
I should be there on Monday.
Ask Tom if he plans to be here on Monday.
I know what needs to be done on Monday.
I'll get home on Monday.
I have to come on Monday.
Our shop will be closed on Monday.
Tom probably thought I could stay until Monday.
I've got to get back to Boston before Monday.
Could I see you for a moment?
Could I see you when you have a moment?
Could you spare a moment?
Excuse me just a moment.
Tom didn't rest for a moment.
Tom didn't hesitate for a moment.
I was distracted for a moment.
I want my mom.
Don't tell my mom.
I'm a single mom.
You must've misunderstood.
Was it really just a misunderstanding?
This is just a misunderstanding.
I made very few mistakes.
Tom may have made a few mistakes.
Tom has made a lot of mistakes.
It's OK to make a couple of mistakes.
Tom isn't the kind of person who makes that kind of mistakes.
I sometimes make mistakes.
Sometimes I make mistakes.
Tom is seriously mistaken.
You're probably mistaken.
I think that's a big mistake.
Tom didn't know it was a mistake.
I realized it was a mistake.
Someone made a mistake.
Tom refused to admit that he'd made a mistake.
Doing that will be a mistake.
This is a suicide mission.
One of my earrings is missing.
One box is still missing.
One crate is still missing.
I'd have noticed if anything were missing.
What have I missed?
I had a mishap.
Don't misbehave.
We've only got thirty minutes.
Let's relax for a few minutes.
Dinner will be ready in a few minutes.
See you in a few minutes.
Tom should arrive in a few minutes.
Tom will be here in a few minutes.
Give me five more minutes.
Tom was able to solve the problem in three minutes.
Tom was able to ski down the slope in three minutes.
Can I see you for a minute?
Could I just have a minute?
Tom will be out here in a minute.
I'll just be a minute.
Tom only does the bare minimum.
Tom was a miner.
That moped isn't mine.
Whatever we find in here is mine.
Tom's parents are older than mine.
Tom is a relative of mine.
Tom is a very old friend of mine.
Why did they change their minds?
Why did Tom change his mind?
Did you change your mind?
What did Tom have in mind?
There's a lot on my mind.
I've got something else on my mind.
That totally slipped my mind.
Tom didn't say what was really on his mind.
Always keep that in mind.
I have an open mind.
Where's the milk?
You're out of milk.
I like milk.
I accidentally spilled the milk.
Come and see me at midnight.
I want to go back to the park where we first met.
Did you leave a message?
Should I leave a message?
Has anyone left me a message?
Did anybody leave me a message?
I saw the message.
I sent you a message.
I'll send you a message.
Someone left me a message.
Write me a message.
What's this mess?
I know it's a mess.
Your hair's a mess.
I know my room's a mess.
Tom was a mercenary.
Would you like to look at the menu?
Do you date younger men?
Who cut the melon?
When's your next meeting?
Are you ready for today's meeting?
Tom probably thought I was going to be at today's meeting.
I don't think you need to be at tomorrow's meeting.
It's possible that I might not be at tomorrow afternoon's meeting.
It's going to be a long meeting.
Tom forgot to remind Mary about the meeting.
I didn't know about the meeting.
Tom completely forgot about the meeting.
I completely forgot about the meeting.
Tom didn't say anything about the meeting.
Tom said he'd be at the meeting.
Tom didn't even bother to go to the meeting.
I had to cancel the meeting.
Maybe you should cancel the meeting.
Tom didn't speak at all during the meeting.
We have to postpone the meeting.
Where did you first meet?
Where did you two first meet?
So, when did you two meet?
When did you two meet?
Where do you want to meet?
How did you and your wife meet?
Tom struggled to make ends meet.
I have a deadline to meet.
What's this medicine?
Do you still need to be taking this medicine?
I need to buy some medicine.
Tom hasn't asked for any pain medication.
What we really want is some meat.
Tom doesn't have the measles.
What did you think I meant?
Tom understood what Mary meant.
Tom wondered what Mary meant.
Yeah, that's what I meant.
I knew you'd understand what I meant.
I know what that means.
Explain what that means.
So, what do you mean?
What else could it mean?
Say what you really mean.
Oh, that's what you mean.
That's what I mean.
I think you understand what I mean.
When was your last meal?
How much will you pay me?
How well do you think you really know me?
Do you think you really know me?
Do you think you know me?
Who saw me?
Do you think Tom saw me?
What do you want to know about me?
Were you all talking about me?
Are you all talking about me?
Do you think Tom will hurt me?
Will you support me?
Why do you resent me?
Are you going to hit me?
Why didn't you protect me?
Will you protect me?
How does that affect me?
Why would you doubt me?
Why won't you look at me?
Did you just wink at me?
Why would anybody kiss me?
Why don't you just kiss me?
Why would anyone want to kiss me?
Are you going to kiss me?
What did you buy for me?
What have you got for me?
Could you get a ticket for me?
Do you have news for me?
Do you have any questions for me?
Were you looking for me?
What've you done for me?
Tom, do you hear me?
Tom, can you hear me?
Are you going to stop me?
Why did you show it to me?
Could you bring it to me?
Would you explain this to me?
Why are you so mean to me?
Were you listening to me?
Did you lie to me?
Why are you so nice to me?
Have you lied to me?
What good will it do me?
How does this concern me?
Have you been spying on me?
Did you just threaten me?
Why did you run away from me?
Why were you keeping it a secret from me?
Are you stealing from me?
Have you been stealing from me?
Are you going to kill me?
Is there anything you have to tell me?
Why wouldn't Tom call me?
Are you trying to blackmail me?
Why did you ask me?
Why thank me?
Why would Tom attack me?
Do you want to do it with me?
I have two tickets to a piano concert. Would you like to go with me?
Are you playing with me?
Are you messing with me?
How many of you agree with me?
Why can't you be with me?
What could you teach me?
Why are you insulting me?
Why are you fighting me?
Have you been calling me?
Why aren't you asking me?
Why are you thanking me?
Are you watching me?
Have you been watching me?
Do you ever think of me?
What's expected of me?
How did you recognize me?
Why can't you forgive me?
Could you ever forgive me?
Why did you leave me?
Are you trying to manipulate me?
Would you all excuse me?
Do you think you really scare me?
Do you think you scare me?
What made you blame me?
Don't you see me?
Have you missed me?
What was it you asked me?
Now you really worry me.
I don't deserve the salary they pay me.
You'll never guess how much money they're going to pay me.
Everyone, follow me.
Tom smiled when he saw me.
There's a lot you don't know about me.
I wish you wouldn't say those kinds of things about me.
I know you're thinking about me.
Don't hold it against me.
Try not to disappoint me.
Here's the letter Tom sent me.
Your dog bit me.
You'll eventually forget me.
Please don't forget me.
You'll never be able to forget me.
Don't try and protect me.
Tom swore at me.
You aren't me.
No one ever visits me.
That bothers me.
I hope Tom helps me.
Everyone loves me.
Nobody ever believes me.
Tom still hates me.
Your skill impresses me.
This place depresses me.
Tom still despises me.
Tom always misunderstands me.
I wonder if Tom will do it for me.
This is the hat Tom bought for me.
Get a ticket for me.
I wonder if you'd talk to Tom about this for me.
These pants are too small for me.
Just being together is enough for me.
Take care of my dog for me.
You might think I'm too old for you, but I don't think you're too young for me.
This shirt is too big for me.
These pants are too big for me.
You've always been there for me.
You're too good for me.
Tom waited for me.
Tom found a job for me.
Tom had to look after me.
That didn't bother me.
Maybe Tom doesn't remember me.
You obviously don't remember me.
My sister didn't help me.
Tom didn't help me.
I can't get anybody to help me.
I just wanted you to help me.
Look, you've got to help me.
Tom didn't want to help me.
It's too late to help me.
Tom tried to help me.
Perhaps you can help me.
Tell me something that'll help me.
Stay here and help me.
It seemed funny to me.
This is important to me.
It seems obvious to me.
Nobody writes to me.
Now it's all clear to me.
Now it's up to me.
I'd give you a raise if it were up to me.
I admit you've been a great help to me.
You don't listen to me.
Tom has spoken to me.
That sounds like a plan to me.
It looks beautiful to me.
You're very special to me.
Tom has always been special to me.
It seems logical to me.
It seemed logical to me.
Tom said he wanted to talk to me.
It means too much to me.
Don't compare yourself to me.
First, you need to apologize to me.
It makes no sense to me.
That's not acceptable to me.
That sounds reasonable to me.
You always lie to me.
That sounds pretty good to me.
Life's been good to me.
Tom has been very kind to me.
Tom was extremely kind to me.
I read the flyer that was handed to me.
I have a certain amount of money on me.
Someone's spying on me.
Everyone believed in me.
Just stay away from me.
Please get away from me.
Tom couldn't run away from me.
You tried to kill me.
Anytime you need a favor, call me.
I'll take you with me.
Share your secret with me.
Someone else was with me.
Come have dinner with me.
Tom didn't have any money, so he couldn't go with me.
Come run with me.
I'll have to take Tom with me.
Tom came to the hospital with me.
Tom doesn't want to work with me.
Please be frank with me.
The doctor said that there is nothing wrong with me.
I hope you like traveling with me.
I have one with me.
Please come home with me.
No one came with me.
Don't try to catch me.
Thank you for supporting me.
Thank you for accepting me.
Thank you for meeting me.
Stop distracting me.
Stop aggravating me.
Stop embarrassing me.
This man is harassing me.
They're bothering me.
Thank you for warning me.
Thank you for calling me.
Get your paws off of me.
Get your hands off of me.
My parents will be proud of me.
Maybe they'll recognize me.
You don't really love me.
You don't have to say you love me.
You don't have to say that you love me.
I didn't expect you to love me.
Tom tried to deceive me.
I know you believe me.
Maybe they'll believe me.
I didn't like what Tom gave me.
This is the book Tom gave me.
The cup you just broke was the one Tom gave me.
Don't ever leave me.
I don't want you to leave me.
You could invite me.
You shouldn't underestimate me.
Your parents hate me.
Tom seems to hate me.
You still managed to surprise me.
They can't fire me.
I hope you like me.
I'm glad you like me.
Tom still doesn't like me.
I really want people to like me.
Tom seemed happy to see me.
I'm aware that there's only a slim chance that you'll want to see me.
No one's going to see me.
Sit down here beside me.
Tom didn't notice me.
Don't try to bribe me.
You've misunderstood me.
Everyone gathered around me.
Lock this door behind me.
Lock the door behind me.
Nobody knows except Tom and me.
I thought about all the stories my father had told me.
I knew from the beginning that you never really loved me.
I don't think Tom ever really loved me.
Tom never told me he loved me.
Tom interrupted me.
You could've invited me.
Tom's singing really impressed me.
My grandmother raised me.
My mother called me.
You could've asked me.
Your cat scratched me.
Both of them hugged me.
You've already convinced me.
They tried to rob me.
Nothing I said mattered.
How could it not matter?
Is this a serious matter?
Tom is very good at math.
My favorite subject is math.
It was a massacre.
Is it true that Tom wasn't able to help Mary?
What did Tom say to Mary?
Did you propose to Mary?
Has Tom been fighting with Mary?
Did you really see Tom kissing Mary?
Did you really think that was what Tom was going to give Mary?
What're they going to do to Tom and Mary?
I wanted to marry Mary.
Tom and I tried to carry Mary.
Tom seemed to know Mary.
Tom grinned when he saw Mary.
I've written to Tom about Mary.
Tom couldn't fall asleep because he was thinking about Mary.
Tom said nothing about Mary.
Tom didn't hurt Mary.
Tom couldn't remember where he'd first met Mary.
It was in Boston that Tom met Mary.
Tom was very angry at Mary.
Tom couldn't even look at Mary.
Tom used to laugh at Mary.
Tom keeps looking at Mary.
Tom couldn't help looking at Mary.
Perhaps Tom was laughing at Mary.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be able to dance well enough to impress Mary.
Tom was almost as young as Mary.
Tom couldn't decide what he should buy for Mary.
Tom began to feel sorry for Mary.
Tom agreed to wait for Mary.
Tom had to wait for Mary.
Tom waited on the front porch for Mary.
Tom is still sitting in his car, waiting for Mary.
Tom would do anything for Mary.
Tom had to look after Mary.
Tom didn't want to bother Mary.
I'm sure Tom will think we should help Mary.
I told Tom that I'd help Mary.
Tom gave a lot of money to Mary.
Tom knew what he would say to Mary.
Tom didn't know what he'd say to Mary.
Tom reported the facts to Mary.
Tom paid no attention to Mary.
Tom handed his pen to Mary.
Tom handed the pen to Mary.
Tom didn't talk to Mary.
Tom couldn't speak to Mary.
Tom came to speak to Mary.
Tom didn't waste his time talking to Mary.
Tom wanted to say goodbye to Mary.
I'm sure Tom was nice to Mary.
Tom didn't care anymore what happened to Mary.
Tom won't leave until he's talked to Mary.
Tom still has a crush on Mary.
Tom still appears to have a crush on Mary.
Tom couldn't remember where he'd last seen Mary.
Tom is richer than Mary.
Tom is so much younger than Mary.
Tom is more popular than Mary.
Tom took the scissors away from Mary.
Tom took the hammer away from Mary.
Tom took the scissors from Mary.
Tom took the hammer from Mary.
Tom hoped he might hear from Mary.
Tom took the rope from Mary.
There's something Tom didn't tell Mary.
There's something Tom forgot to tell Mary.
I told Tom to ask Mary.
Tom is very angry with Mary.
Tom spent the day with Mary.
Tom didn't discuss the matter with Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be able to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom couldn't stand to be in the same room with Mary.
Tom didn't want to deal with Mary.
Have Tom check with Mary.
Tom liked being with Mary.
Tom still seems to be in love with Mary.
Tom tried to argue with Mary.
Tom used to spend a lot of time with Mary.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time with Mary.
I knew Tom would go to the dance with Mary.
Tom didn't let go of Mary.
Tom will take care of Mary.
Tom didn't seem to recognize Mary.
Tom said that no matter what happened, he'd always love Mary.
Tom tried to deceive Mary.
Tom didn't want to lose Mary.
That girl looks just like Mary.
I wonder why Tom doesn't like Mary.
That girl looks like Mary.
I'm sure Tom will like Mary.
I hope Tom will like Mary.
Tom was sure you'd like Mary.
Tom didn't want to see Mary.
Tom must've gone to see Mary.
I sat between Tom and Mary.
It was three nights ago that Tom visited Mary.
Tom couldn't possibly have murdered Mary.
Tom should've called Mary.
Tom probably thought I liked Mary.
Tom nudged Mary.
Are you already married?
Do you still think Tom and Mary shouldn't get married?
When did you two decide to get married?
Was anyone surprised when you told them you were getting married?
I wonder why you never got married.
Tom made it very clear that he didn't want to get married.
I remember this map.
I'll do it manually.
Let me check the manual.
Tom needs to learn some manners.
Tom has good manners.
It's mandatory.
Are you the bank manager?
Tom is now the manager.
Who was the man?
I'm a very, very happy man.
Tom is a very honest man.
Look at that man.
Tom is a dangerous man.
You're a cruel man.
You're a rich man.
Tom is getting to be an old man.
I ran into Tom at the mall.
How many cookies did you make?
Unfortunately, they're the majority.
Do you know how much profit we made?
You've got it made.
That's the same mistake Tom made.
Did you buy a washing machine?
Why do you think I'm lying?
You're just hungover. You'll feel better after lunch.
We've just finished lunch.
Tom behaved like a lunatic.
Watch your luggage.
You were pretty lucky.
I'm also very lucky.
I'm not that lucky.
Try your luck.
This coin will bring you good luck.
We've had too much bad luck.
Tom was doing what he loved.
What would I know about love?
Am I in love?
This is love.
I don't deserve your love.
I'm officially in love.
I believe in love.
I've been thinking about you a lot.
I'll miss you a lot.
This backpack cost a lot.
I appreciate it a lot.
I recommend it a lot.
I've seen a lot.
I admire Tom a lot.
You owe me a lot.
You've helped me a lot.
I've moved a lot.
I missed a lot.
What've you lost?
I hope you don't get lost.
I didn't realize how much money you'd lost.
I found the pencil I lost.
It was a great loss.
I'd prefer to win, but I don't mind losing.
You're a real loser.
What have I got to lose?
What else I can lose?
Of course, I always lose.
I never lose.
We're probably going to lose.
They were going to lose.
Tom isn't as bad as he looks.
Do you think I'm good-looking?
Do you still think I'm good-looking?
Do you consider yourself good-looking?
Can't you and Tom stay a little longer?
We can't stay any longer.
I couldn't wait any longer.
You know I can't wait any longer.
Tom didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
Tom couldn't stand the suspense any longer.
It'll take at least thirty minutes longer.
Maybe we should wait a little longer.
Did you wait long?
Why did you wait so long?
Why did we have to wait so long?
Are you going to be here long?
Tom said he didn't have to wait very long.
Tom didn't stay in Boston very long.
We didn't wait that long.
I have a feeling that Tom and Mary aren't going to stay married to each other long.
Tom said he didn't have to wait so long.
It won't seem so long.
It'll take you too long.
It was too long.
The meeting was too long.
The movie was too long.
I cooked the pasta too long.
Tom didn't keep Mary waiting long.
Tom didn't keep us waiting long.
Tom didn't keep me waiting long.
We don't plan to be here long.
I don't want you to be lonely.
What causes loneliness?
It seems logical.
Please open your locker.
Are all the windows locked?
Are the windows all locked?
What makes you think I need a loan?
We're going to need a loan.
Does anyone here know where Tom lives?
I think Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.
I actually don't know where Tom lives.
I want to know where Tom lives.
Organ donations save lives.
Tom knew where Mary lived.
None of Tom's friends knew where he lived.
Tom didn't tell me where he lived.
Does it snow where you live?
Tom doesn't have much longer to live.
My neighborhood is a nice place to live.
Let me live.
I worried about it a little.
I hurt my back a little.
I'm just listening.
All right, I'm listening.
Tom didn't seem to be listening.
Why couldn't you listen?
Why don't you just sit there and listen?
All you have to do is listen.
Sit back and listen.
Maybe you should listen.
Who's next on your list?
Who's the next person on your list?
Do you want to see the list?
Do you want a list?
You're not on my list.
I'll send you the list.
Put my name on the list.
Please take my name off the list.
Tom doesn't like to be kissed by women wearing lipstick.
My French is very limited.
What's the limit?
Tom can sit wherever he likes.
What bands do you like?
Do you have any other books that I might like?
What does it smell like?
What does it taste like?
What does it sound like?
Do you know what I like?
You may use this bicycle for as long as you like.
You may kiss me if you like.
I have a vague memory of what Tom looks like.
I almost forgot what Tom was like.
Tom wondered what Mary's husband was like.
Tom wondered what Boston would be like.
I don't eat out as often as I'd like.
I don't go to concerts as often as I'd like.
I don't get to Boston as often as I'd like.
Do you want me in your life?
Don't try to control my life.
I'm bored with my life.
Tom's risking his life.
You can't just hide here for the rest of your life.
I'm not going to tell you how to live your life.
I regret not having lived a better life.
Tom hasn't talked to me about his personal life.
Tom promised not to tell any more lies.
Was that a lie?
Why would I lie?
I almost never lie.
I don't want to lie.
I no longer have any reason to lie.
Please remember that anything Tom told us could be a lie.
Anything Tom told us could be a lie.
I got my license.
I don't think Tom has a driver's license.
I didn't realize you didn't have a driver's license.
Tom probably thought I didn't have a driver's license.
I've already returned the books to the library.
I love libraries.
What we need is leverage.
We need to burn all these letters.
Make sure you don't forget to mail these letters.
There were three letters.
I'll write you a letter.
Tom smiled as he read Mary's letter.
Tom cried as he read Mary's letter.
Tom laughed as he read Mary's letter.
Thank you for the lesson.
I'm not always so lenient.
Did you shave your legs?
That's not legal.
Tom has been shot in the leg.
How much money is left?
Do you know why Tom left?
Is that why Tom left?
How many do you have left?
Tom was here before Mary left.
Many of our friends have already left.
I thought Tom had already left.
Please exit on your left.
This is all I have left.
Tom couldn't wait any longer, so he left.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on the cheek and then he left.
Tom didn't even say goodbye to Mary before he left.
Tom phoned just before he left.
Tom thanked his friends, said goodbye, and left.
You should've turned left.
Tom didn't notice that Mary had left.
There was at least one person in the classroom when I left.
I think it's time I left.
Why are you leaving?
Nothing's preventing you from leaving.
We need to burn all these leaves.
How soon can you leave?
Are you getting ready to leave?
Did you ask Tom to leave?
Do I really have to leave?
When do you have to leave?
How soon do we have to leave?
Isn't it time to leave?
Would you like me to leave?
Maybe you should just leave.
Maybe we should just leave.
It's time for you to leave.
I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to leave.
They all got up to leave.
I'm going to leave.
Obviously, it's time to leave.
Of course, you can leave.
Tom didn't say that Mary should leave.
They said I could leave.
I really do wish you'd leave.
You never stop learning.
There's still a lot to learn.
We still have a lot to learn.
We have a lot to learn.
There's so much to learn.
There's still much to learn.
There's always more to learn.
I'm here to learn.
Think before you leap.
I've been meaning to fix that leak.
Tom is very lazy.
You seem lazy.
Tom wanted to be a lawyer.
We pay the kid next door to mow our lawn.
What made you laugh?
Don't you ever laugh?
Do you ever laugh?
Everyone began to laugh.
Tom knew how to get me to laugh.
I don't like to laugh.
I've never seen Tom laugh.
My jokes didn't make anyone laugh.
Why don't we do this later?
Do you want coffee now or later?
We'll stop by later.
We'll join you later.
I can tell you later.
Tom said he'd do it later.
We'll deal with it later.
I'll pay for this later.
There will be other chances to do this later.
We knew it would happen sooner or later.
It'll stop snowing sooner or later.
Please try again later.
I'll answer my email later.
I'd prefer to talk later.
You'll understand later.
I've been very happy lately.
I haven't seen very much of you lately.
I haven't seen very much of Tom lately.
We haven't seen a lot tourists around here lately.
We haven't seen a lot pigeons around here lately.
Have you wondered why Tom is always late?
How did you know that Tom was going to be late?
Why do you always arrive late?
Tom went to bed very late.
I was really late.
I'm almost always late.
I'm always late.
Tom said that he'd be a few minutes late.
Tom didn't seem to mind that Mary was late.
The bus was late.
Tom didn't tell me why he was late.
You're not too late.
Tom hoped he wouldn't be too late.
I arrived too late.
Tom won't be back home till late.
We always arrive late.
You were late.
You know I can't wait for you if you're late.
Tom won't like it if you're late.
Tom promised he wouldn't be late.
I'm sorry to be late.
I didn't want to be late.
Tom didn't know that Mary was going to be late.
I had the feeling that Tom was going to be late.
Please let me know if you're going to be late.
I knew Tom would be late.
I knew you'd be late.
Tom knew that he'd be late.
I always arrived late.
Let's hope it lasts.
I hope this good weather lasts.
When were you here last?
Do you remember when Tom was here last?
Tom's family isn't very large.
This room is very large.
Tom fell off his mother's lap.
Mary Jackson has become an old lady.
Who are these young ladies?
Go back to the laboratory.
I read the label.
We don't know what Tom knows.
I think that's common knowledge.
Does Tom know that you know?
Didn't you know?
What exactly do you know?
What would you know?
What do we need to know?
I think you're a lot stronger than you know.
Tom is my friend, you know.
I know something that you don't know.
There are things about me you don't know.
Tom knows something that we don't know.
I asked Tom, but he didn't know.
I've already forgotten more than you'll ever know.
They have a right to know.
I'm going to tell Tom everything he wants to know.
Don't tell me anything you don't want Tom to know.
Tom couldn't tell me what I really wanted to know.
Tom wondered if Mary would tell him what he wanted to know.
Let me tell you what you need to know.
You need to know.
Is there anything we need to know?
If you need my help, let me know.
I've never used illegal drugs, as far as I know.
You must tighten the knot.
They're armed with knives.
Do you have a knife?
It's a kitchen knife.
Nobody knew.
Can I see you in the kitchen?
From now on, let's eat lunch in the kitchen.
Your lips look very kissable.
Come and give me a kiss.
Tom and I have been friends since we were in kindergarten.
I almost got killed.
Did you see the kids?
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't able to play outside with the other kids.
I've known Tom since we were both kids.
I hate working with kids.
Were you ever really sick when you were a kid?
Did your father hug you much when you were a kid?
I'm a big kid.
I was really cute when I was a kid.
You were really cute when you were a kid.
You look like a kid.
Tom says I look like a kid.
I look like a kid.
Has anyone seen my keys?
Did you take my car keys?
I groped around in the dark for keys.
I found the keys.
Tom asked if I'd found my key.
Tom was afraid he'd lost his key.
I hope this isn't the wrong key.
Would you help me move these beer kegs?
This is a bunch of junk.
I love apple juice.
Tom's a great journalist.
This time I'm not joking.
Tom was joking.
Of course I was joking.
We were joking.
You've got to be joking!
I miss your jokes.
Tom got all the jokes.
Was that supposed to be a joke?
They didn't understand your joke.
Tom didn't understand your joke.
Many people in the audience didn't understand your joke.
I didn't understand your joke.
I didn't understand the joke.
Tell me that's a joke.
That sounds like a joke.
What a stupid joke!
When you're good enough to join the team, we'll let you join.
Tom wondered what Mary would say to John.
Tom wanted to tell Mary about John.
That must be either Tom or John.
Tom suggested to Mary that she apologize to John.
Tom wondered whether he should let Mary go to Boston with John.
Tom is a lot like John.
Tom was a lot like John.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't like John.
Is there a chance we'll lose our jobs?
Tom has changed jobs.
Do you think I should quit my job?
Do you miss your old job?
Does Tom already have a job?
Have you ever had a job?
Actually, it's my job.
I wouldn't accept that job.
Tom is doing a great job.
Tom can't do this job.
I can't do this job.
Tom couldn't take it anymore so he quit his job.
They offered me your job.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary had to quit her job.
I already have someone for the job.
Tom got me the job.
They offered me the job.
You did a bad job.
I got a job.
Tom already has a job.
I haven't found a job.
I'm glad that you've found a job.
Tom confessed to stealing the jewelry.
Tom didn't know that Mary considered him a jerk.
Tom was wearing jeans.
I'm beginning to get jealous.
Tom was a janitor.
You should be in jail.
Mary's maiden name is Jackson.
How will you fix it?
How would you fix it?
Are you sure you saw it?
Don't you remember where you put it?
Why don't you just tell me where you put it?
What can you do about it?
Won't you speak to Tom about it?
Are they still thinking about it?
Do you know something about it?
What's so good about it?
Should I repeat it?
Did you get a look at it?
That's from Tom, isn't it?
Do we need to discuss it?
Didn't you miss it?
Are you going to miss it?
What exactly is it?
Are you sure this is it?
How cold is it?
It's not true, is it?
What kind of gun was it?
How large was it?
How would you repair it?
Why can't they do it?
Why do they do it?
Can't you do it?
Why can't you just do it?
Did Tom ask you to do it?
Who's going to do it?
Do they have to do it?
Were you able to do it?
Do you really believe you can do it?
Could you take this stuff and burn it?
What else would you call it?
What's Tom got to do with it?
What would you like me to do with it?
Did you push it?
Why aren't you using it?
Why did you bring it?
Why are you doing it?
How's that different from the way we've been doing it?
How are you managing it?
Why were you reading it?
What did you think of it?
Do you really believe it?
How did you measure it?
How did you handle it?
Why else do you like it?
Where can I find it?
Did you really understand it?
Why would you need it?
How long have you had it?
I'd buy it.
I have to try it.
Maybe you should try it.
It's useless to deny it.
Go on and say it.
Tom wondered what he should say and how he should say it.
We all knew it.
Tom puts sugar in his coffee, but I prefer mine without it.
I'm so sorry about it.
We're all very happy about it.
Tom couldn't help feeling that way about it.
I didn't know about it.
Tom didn't know what Mary thought about it.
I've spoken to Tom about it.
Tom has told me all about it.
Don't think about it.
We just want you to think about it.
Give me some time to think about it.
I'll need some time to think about it.
Tom didn't tell me much about it.
Don't waste your time worrying about it.
They're still thinking about it.
Don't waste your time thinking about it.
Tom wondered whether Mary knew anything about it.
We can't do anything about it.
I noticed the problem too late to do anything about it.
Tom has been telling me about it.
I'll give this to you if you want it.
I'll give you this if you want it.
I knew you'd get it.
I highly doubt it.
I'm beginning to doubt it.
Let me see you eat it.
Let me take a look at it.
I'm not good at it.
I'll give this to anyone who wants it.
You shouldn't even consider it.
Next time, don't drop it.
Tom wouldn't let Mary keep it.
I'd be happy to keep it.
I'd look into it.
You could do a lot if you put your mind to it.
We should really do it.
The devil made you do it.
I'll try to do it.
It's the only way to do it.
I'll find a way to do it.
I didn't know how to do it.
Tom couldn't remember how to do it.
I decided not to do it.
We have to do it.
I finally was able to do it.
Without me, you won't be able to do it.
I explained to Tom why we had to do it.
I explained why we had to do it.
They can do it.
We can do it.
Go ahead and do it.
Tom said that he would do it.
I want you to see if you could do it.
I never could do it.
Tom said we could do it.
I'd do it.
Tom knew that he should study French every day if he really wanted to learn it.
I'll continue working on it.
Look, I can't explain it.
This bucket has a bullet hole in it.
This bucket has a hole in it.
Tom didn't say what else might be in it.
Tom had forgotten it.
Tom would like to see your essay after you've written it.
You obviously haven't seen it.
Tom said he'd never seen it.
This time I really mean it.
Let me see you drink it.
I think it's worth it.
Tom didn't know what to do with it.
I forgot to watch it.
Tom threw the ball to me, but I couldn't catch it.
Sorry, I can't reach it.
Of course, I'm denying it.
Tom didn't know what Mary thought of it.
Tom couldn't bear to think of it.
I'm quite sure of it.
Tom will take care of it.
I've never heard of it.
I wrote it.
Actually, I did write it.
I hate it.
Tom can't use it.
I'm trying to ignore it.
I wanted to share it.
I've already done it.
I told you you'd like it.
I told you that you'd like it.
I think I like it.
Maybe we can make it.
I have to change it.
We want to see it.
I won't go to see it.
Tom knows where to hide it.
I can't even pronounce it.
They can afford it.
Unfortunately, I can't find it.
I kept my money hidden in a place I thought no one would ever find it.
I really can't understand it.
I'm trying to understand it.
I already did it.
We already know you did it.
I can't believe we did it.
Tom asked me why I did it.
Tom asked why I did it.
I realized it was a mistake as soon as I did it.
We all enjoyed it.
Ask Tom if he enjoyed it.
I loved it.
Tom noticed the mistake and corrected it.
I appreciated it.
I initially hated it.
Tom closed the drawer and locked it.
I want to read it.
I'd like to read it.
It's a complex issue.
Racism is a serious issue.
This is a sensitive issue.
Who do you think that guy is?
Is that the way it really is?
Do you know where it is?
Do you know what fear is?
Do you know where the bus stop is?
Do you know where the cake is?
Don't you know who he is?
Do you really know who Tom's girlfriend is?
Tom is older than Mary is.
Tom is so much older than Mary is.
We don't even know what it is.
We don't even know where it is.
I know what time it is.
Please tell me what your opinion is.
I don't know what the plan is.
I'm probably not as busy as Tom is.
I'm probably not as hungry as Tom is.
You're almost as old as Tom is.
I'm probably not as tired as Tom is.
We don't even know where Tom is.
I don't even know who he is.
Tom looks older than he is.
We don't like to get involved.
I have the invoice.
Why was Tom invited?
Why was I invited?
Tom wondered why he had been invited.
There was no investigation.
Your argument is invalid.
Did you get a good look at the intruder?
I hope you know what you're getting us into.
How was your job interview?
It was a great interview.
I was at a job interview.
I don't want to intervene.
I've been trying to tell you what needs to be done, but you keep interrupting.
We communicate through an interpreter.
I won't interfere.
I don't want to interfere.
Do you find that interesting?
Tom didn't find Mary's story very interesting.
What you said was very interesting.
None of these books were very interesting.
This movie is starting to get really interesting.
These seem interesting.
We want to do something interesting.
It might be interesting.
This could be interesting.
I'm sure you'll be interested.
What's your intention?
They all have insurance.
What did you do instead?
What should I do instead?
What do you propose instead?
Who was your inspiration?
Do you suffer from insomnia?
You're too insistent.
Would you come back inside?
Was anyone injured?
It was Tom who was injured.
Fortunately, no one was injured.
Tom has apparently been injured.
They were injured.
We were injured.
Why do you want this information?
All we want is information.
This is interesting indeed.
This is very good indeed.
Some diseases are incurable.
There is a good chance that taxes will increase.
It's incomprehensible.
Tom doesn't want to be included.
I reported the incident.
Your comment is inappropriate.
Why won't you let us in?
Can I join in?
What language is it written in?
What hospital is Tom in?
Are you going to move in?
How could you turn me in?
If you knock three times, Tom will let you in.
I'll be right in.
I stopped by to see you yesterday afternoon, but you weren't in.
Let's wait until everyone comes out before we go in.
You shouldn't let Tom in.
I'd be interested in seeing the house you used to live in.
Tom may have seen you come in.
Tom may not have seen you come in.
I have the feeling that my French is improving.
You've definitely improved.
The situation hasn't improved.
I'm trying to improve.
It was very impressive.
We need to make a good first impression.
So far, I'm not impressed.
Tom hoped Mary would be impressed.
This is technically impossible.
It's unlikely, but not impossible.
They say it's impossible.
Tom told me that it's impossible.
I know that's impossible.
We can't do the impossible.
How could that be important?
Your opinion is important.
They say it's important.
I feel important.
Tom didn't say anything important.
This could be important.
I started to become impatient.
No one is immortal.
I thought of you immediately.
I'll do that immediately.
I said yes immediately.
Get in the car immediately.
I recognized Tom immediately.
I knew you'd understand immediately.
Tom should be fired immediately.
That's not illegal.
Tom always seems to be doing something illegal.
You're just idiots.
Are you a complete idiot?
Why am I the one who has to come up with all the ideas?
Why do I have to come up with all the ideas?
Tom is always interested in new ideas.
You're too idealistic.
What's wrong with my idea?
Does anyone have an idea?
Why is that a good idea?
Do you think it's a good idea?
Do you think that sounds like a good idea?
Why is that a bad idea?
Tom stole my idea.
I've already considered that idea.
This trip was your idea.
It's really a nice idea.
Now this is a good idea.
Tom thought that was a good idea.
Tom thought this was a good idea.
I'm sure Tom will think that's a good idea.
This is a very bad idea.
It wasn't a bad idea.
What a brilliant idea!
What a weird idea!
Tom was very angry and so was I.
At that time, Tom was too young and so was I.
I hate hypocrites.
I'm not a hypocrite.
Tom didn't know Mary had a husband.
It really hurts.
Is your left leg still hurting?
Does it really hurt?
Where were you hurt?
Was anyone hurt?
I was afraid Tom might get hurt.
I'm very glad you didn't get hurt.
It didn't hurt.
I hope nobody gets hurt.
My legs hurt.
Some people were hurt.
Do I need to hurry?
I won't make you hurry.
We're going to be late if we don't hurry.
Come on, we need to hurry.
I didn't realize you were in a hurry.
Don't be in too much of a hurry.
Do you want to go hunting?
Many people hunt.
Didn't you get hungry?
Tom didn't seem very hungry.
Tom didn't seem to be very hungry.
I was really hungry.
Tom probably thought I was hungry.
I don't want you to go hungry.
Tom didn't seem hungry.
I'm sure you're hungry.
This kind of work makes me hungry.
I think you must be hungry.
Tom is going to be hungry.
I'm cold and hungry.
That would be humiliating.
They say to err is human.
What's causing that hum?
Come here. I need a hug.
I have a housekeeper.
Could you tell me how to get to Tom's house?
Are you going back to the house?
Come over to my house.
It's close to my house.
I've discovered a good restaurant not too far from my house.
Tom wondered what Mary thought of his new house.
Tom didn't want to sell his house.
That's my father's house.
I went to Tom's house.
Tom went over to your house.
Let's go to your house.
I'll come to your house.
Tom wondered if there was anyone else in the house.
Tom won't let anyone in the house.
Tom made it very clear that we were supposed to help him clean the house.
They cleaned the house.
I remember this old house.
We don't have enough money to buy a house.
Tom wondered how he would ever be able to afford to buy a house.
It takes a while to build a house.
Our conversation lasted for hours.
We all work long hours.
Tom had to wait three hours.
You've been here for three hours.
Tom waited for three hours.
You've been waiting for over three hours.
Tom had to stand in line at the ticket office for over three hours.
You have to keep doing that for another three hours.
Tom slept for more than three hours.
Tom waited for half an hour.
It only took me an hour.
Tom doesn't like to ride the subway during rush hour.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel.
I'm looking for an inexpensive hotel.
Aren't you a little hot?
Why would they want a hostage?
They've got a hostage.
Do you want to go to the hospital?
How long will Tom have to be in the hospital?
Tom has been transferred to another hospital.
We'll be at the hospital.
You've got to get to the hospital.
Tom didn't want to go to the hospital.
Come with me to the hospital.
Take me to the hospital.
Tom had to stay in the hospital.
It's possible that Tom may not know that Mary is in the hospital.
None of Tom's friends knew that Tom was in the hospital.
I didn't realize Tom was in the hospital.
Tom is sick in the hospital.
People here are very hospitable.
Tom and Mary mounted their horses.
Where's my horse?
Who stole my horse?
I still want a horse.
Tom bought a horse.
This picture is horrible.
I'm beginning to lose hope.
I'll graduate this year, I hope.
Tom will be here next week, I hope.
You're going to stay with us a long time, I hope.
You'll always love me, I hope.
Don't you feel honored?
I heard a horn honking.
You're very honest.
At least they're honest.
Why aren't you doing your homework?
Are you doing your homework?
I wonder if you'd help me with my homework.
I've already done my homework.
Tom was the first one to turn in his homework.
Tom has only done half of his homework.
Tom only did half of his homework.
Tom has only done half his homework.
Tom only did half his homework.
Don't forget to do your homework.
I'll give you all a little more time to finish your homework.
Don't copy other students' homework.
I sometimes get homesick.
Tom says he's homesick.
Can I walk you home?
Shall I walk you home?
Where's your home?
When do I get to go home?
Is there anything I need to do before I go home?
When did you get back home?
What are you doing home?
Could you take me home?
Who wants to take this home?
It's close to my home.
I stopped to get gas on my way home.
Tom finally found his way home.
It would be better to stay home.
Tom went directly to his room as soon as he got home.
Tom finished working and went home.
I just wanted to finish it before I went home.
I can't take it home.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary wanted to stay at home.
Tonight, I'll stay at home.
I have it at home.
I left my wallet at home.
Tom probably thought I wasn't at home.
My mother is at home.
We made ourselves at home.
I left my glasses at home.
Tom probably thought I was at home.
Only Tom and Mary were at home.
Luckily, you were at home.
Both of them are at home.
What I want is to go home.
Maybe you should go home.
Maybe we should go home.
This is a beautiful home.
Let's send them all home.
Let's go back home.
You have to go back home.
Tom was afraid to go back home.
We look forward to getting back home.
Tom said he was going back home.
They were going back home.
Please come back home.
Tom will want to know what time you're planning on coming home.
Tom has apparently already gone home.
My mother finally came home.
Tom finally came home.
Please just take me home.
Tom and Mary walked me home.
Tom staggered home.
Where does Tom spend his holidays?
I'm here on holiday.
Where's your pot holder?
It's one of my hobbies.
It was definitely a hoax.
Unfortunately, it's a hoax.
As soon as Tom opened the bag, he knew that it wasn't his.
Tom opened the bag and knew that it wasn't his.
Tom wondered which textbook was his.
I'm not quite sure who we should hire.
Tom couldn't possibly have opened that door by himself.
Tom didn't want to go to Boston by himself.
We can't leave Tom there by himself.
I'm not leaving Tom here by himself.
Tom shouldn't have stayed here by himself.
Tom told me about it himself.
Tom didn't take anything for himself.
Tom's talking to himself.
Tom can't eat it all himself.
Why don't you just tell Tom you don't want to go to Boston with him?
Tom didn't ask Mary to marry him.
I don't think Tom liked the song you wrote about him.
I think Tom really likes it when we visit him.
Tell Tom that I miss him.
Tom wondered if Mary would kiss him.
Tom told Mary to wait for him.
Tom wants you to do it for him.
I polished Tom's shoes for him.
I hope Tom will like what you made for him.
Tom still wants you to help him.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't want to help him.
I wish Tom had asked us to help him.
I told Tom that I'd help him.
Help him.
Tom wondered what Mary was trying to say to him.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't want to talk to him.
Tom didn't believe that Mary would lie to him.
Tom invited me to join him.
Tom wondered what was in the box that Mary had given him.
Tom didn't know why Mary refused to go out with him.
Tom wondered whether he should let Mary go to Boston with him.
Tom wants you to go to Boston with him.
Tom didn't know why Mary refused to go to the dance with him.
Tom was glad that Mary said she would go to the dance with him.
Tom drank the water that Mary gave him.
Tom loves to drink tea from the cup that Mary gave him.
Tom sold the guitar that his father gave him.
Tom didn't want Mary to hate him.
Why don't you just tell Tom you don't like him.
Tom probably thought I didn't like him.
All the girls in Tom's class like him.
Tom doesn't know I like him.
I've decided to tell Tom that I like him.
Tom couldn't come see us for Christmas, so we went to see him.
Tom shouted, but nobody heard him.
The new teacher asked me what my name was and I told him.
Tom didn't know why Mary hated him.
Tom didn't like it when Mary ignored him.
Why don't you just go take a hike?
Our electric bill last month was very high.
Is there something you're hiding?
Are you going to hide?
Where am I going to hide?
Do you think Tom had something to hide?
Tom has something to hide.
Tom had something to hide.
You don't have to hide.
Tom was a hero.
How long were Tom and Mary here?
Are you here?
When were you last here?
Was Tom here when you got here?
What do we want here?
Would all the mothers please wait here?
How soon can you get here?
When's Tom going to get here?
Why did you call us here?
Why didn't you tell me Tom was here?
How did Tom know I was here?
When was the last time I was here?
Is your mother here?
Is the zoo near here?
Is your house near here?
Is the post office near here?
What do you want me to do here?
What brings you down here?
Why's it so hot in here?
What's the fastest way to get the airport from here?
What's the fastest way to get there from here?
Can I wait for Tom here?
Why do we need Tom here?
Do you really know why I'm here?
Who else knows I'm here?
Why are they still here?
How did you get back here?
When did you get back here?
Why did you come back here?
Why would Tom come back here?
Why are you waiting here?
What's that bucket doing here?
Do you like working here?
Why are you standing here?
When can I get out of here?
What's this stuff here?
Why would I leave here?
Do you know someone here?
Why do they come here?
Why can't you come here?
Don't you want me here?
Do you really not want me here?
Do you not want me here?
Could you help me here?
How soon can you be here?
Why did I have to be here?
Why else would I be here?
Are there bears around here?
Where can I buy guitar strings around here?
Where can I go surfing around here?
What exactly happened here?
Tom probably thought I was unhappy here.
I'm sure you're not so happy here.
Tom said you were happy here.
I knew you'd be happy here.
Both Tom and Mary are already here.
I met Tom on my way here.
Maybe I shouldn't stay here.
I think I'd like to stay here.
Let me stay here.
I think you should stay here.
It's windy out here.
They know we're out here.
Please just wait here.
I have what you're looking for right here.
I'm counting the days till you get here.
I have to wait for Tom to get here.
Let's not talk about that here.
We can't do that here.
There must be a reason that Tom isn't here.
I was wondering why you weren't here.
We would've been able to do this faster if Tom weren't here.
It almost never snows here.
Tom made it very clear that he didn't want us here.
They won't find us here.
We still aren't the ones who make the decisions here.
We can't leave this here.
Everything is better now that Tom is here.
All my stuff is here.
I forgot that this was here.
I wish we had a doctor here.
You're never here.
I think Tom doesn't live anywhere near here.
You may sleep here.
Don't open your umbrella in here.
It's been a long time since I've been here.
It would've been perfect if you'd been here.
I can smell it from here.
Let me take it from here.
Tom didn't graduate from here.
The others don't want Tom here.
You know why I'm here.
You'll never guess why I'm here.
You asked me to stay. That's why I'm here.
Tom still isn't used to the way things work here.
We're trying to work here.
Tom will never come back here.
I hope you like being here.
Just get me out of here.
I want to move here.
You have to live here.
Leave your suitcase here.
It's a good thing you were here.
I'd like to know why you're here.
We all know why you're here.
Tom doesn't know we're here.
I think I know everyone here.
I don't think I know anyone here.
Tom knows he isn't welcome here.
It was Tom who asked Mary to come here.
You should come here.
Everybody, come here.
It's my first time here.
Thank you for agreeing to meet me here.
There are all sorts people here.
You're perfectly safe here.
We're not safe here.
We aren't safe here.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be here.
There's no need for you to be here.
They have no right to be here.
Tom made it very clear that he didn't want us to be here.
I had the feeling that Tom wasn't going to be here.
Tom probably thought I wasn't going to be here.
Tom didn't know that Mary was going to be here.
Tom said he was going to be here.
Tom asked me to be here.
Make sure Tom knows when he's supposed to be here.
You didn't need to be here.
Tom shouldn't even be here.
They could still be here.
Tom could still be here.
I'm on guard here.
That's not how you get things done around here.
We're almost finished here.
Tom didn't buy the dress Mary wanted him to buy her.
Tom hoped that Mary would like the gift he bought her.
Tom wondered whether he should really give Mary what he'd bought her.
Tom wondered if Mary would slap him if he tried to kiss her.
I've decided to tell Mary that I love her.
Tom tried to tell Mary that he didn't like her.
Tom tried to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom tried to tell Mary that he liked her.
Do you think that really helps?
How can I be helpful?
You were very helpful.
You were really helpful.
You're always so helpful.
It may be helpful.
It'll be helpful.
Nothing I did helped.
Why do you need my help?
Do you think that would really help?
Did you help?
Do you really think we can do this without Tom's help?
Did I ask for your help?
Why did you ask us for help if you didn't really want our help?
Why did you ask us for help if you didn't really want us to help?
Do you want Tom to help?
Are you offering to help?
Do you still want me to help?
Were you able to help?
Would you please help?
Do you really think you could help?
I'm sorry I can't help.
This time, I can't help.
I think we can do this without Tom's help.
What I need is your help.
Listen, I need your help.
I'd be more than happy to help.
Tom said he'd be happy to help.
Look, you've got to help.
There's nothing we can do to help.
There's nothing I can do to help.
Tom has done everything he can to help.
I'll do everything I can to help.
Maybe we should ask Tom to help.
I'll do my best to persuade Tom to help.
I'm sure I can persuade Tom to help.
I'm sorry that I couldn't do anything to help.
Tom doesn't ever do anything to help.
They never did anything to help.
Tom didn't ask me to help.
I don't remember Tom asking me to help.
I should've been able to help.
Maybe you'd like to help.
Tom didn't agree to help.
I knew Tom would be too tired to help.
Tom wondered if Mary could be persuaded to help.
I think I can help.
I'll see if I can help.
Perhaps I can be of help.
Maybe you'll need more help.
We're going to need a little help.
Tom hoped that someone would help.
Tom didn't know anyone who could help.
I suppose I could help.
Maybe I could help.
It looks like you need help.
I hardly ever need help.
Tom said that he'd help.
I think we can do this without any extra help.
Tom said he didn't know anyone who could fly a helicopter.
This is my first time to ever ride in a helicopter.
Where will the concert be held?
Are you wearing heels?
Tom complained about the heat.
I'm heartbroken.
Did Tom break your heart?
I was happy here until you broke my heart.
Tom put his hand over his heart.
Tom wondered if Mary had also heard the same rumors he'd heard.
Do you hear what I hear?
Tom bought a new set of headphones.
Have you seen the headlines?
I seem to always have headaches.
I think I'll shave my head.
Maybe I'll shave my head.
Tom couldn't see Mary's face. He could only see the top of her head.
Tom is staying with you, isn't he?
Tom is a university student, isn't he?
Tom isn't the one, is he?
Tom didn't say where he was going, did he?
Tom didn't say when he was coming, did he?
Tom didn't give you much choice, did he?
How many goats do they have?
What advantage do they have?
What flavors do you have?
What ideas do you have?
What choice do you have?
What kind of camera do you have?
Why don't we show Tom what we have?
What choice did we have?
How much more time do I have?
Give us everything you have.
This isn't the best one we have.
Shouldn't we be wearing hard hats?
Hold onto your hats.
Did you see where I put my hat?
You stole my hat.
Tom was wearing his new hat.
Tom wondered where Mary had put his hat.
Tom can't find his hat.
Don't be too hasty.
This is a harpoon.
Tom is a harpist.
Why don't you just study a little harder?
We should really try harder.
I want you to try harder.
Next time, I'll try harder.
We should try harder.
I need to study harder.
I think you should study harder.
Tom knew that he should study harder.
I recommend you try studying a bit harder.
I suggest you study a little harder.
You just have to study a little harder.
You just have to work a little harder.
Tom couldn't help thinking that he would've passed the test if he'd studied a little harder.
Why should I work hard?
It's raining pretty hard.
I think it's really hard.
I tried really hard.
I'm ready to work hard.
I promise to work hard.
I know it'll be hard.
Everyone worked hard.
We worked hard.
Do you think that can really make you happy?
Are you still not happy?
Are you really that happy?
I don't think Tom was very happy.
You've made me very happy.
Tom didn't seem to be very happy.
If you do what I want you to do, I'll be very happy.
Tom was really happy.
I knew Tom wasn't happy.
Tom probably thought I wasn't happy.
I wonder if Tom is happy.
I thought Tom was happy.
Tom probably thought I was happy.
Tom isn't rich, but he's happy.
Tom wondered why Mary looked so happy.
That won't make Tom happy.
Tom didn't seem happy.
Just being together makes me happy.
That won't make me happy.
I thought I wanted money, but money didn't make me happy.
All I want is for you to be happy.
I also want to be happy.
I want to be happy.
You'll soon be happy.
The boys will be happy.
My parents will be happy.
I hope you'll be happy.
Let me be happy.
I deserve happiness.
Maybe it really happens.
Sometimes it happens.
Stay together, no matter what happens.
We'll just have to wait and see what happens.
You have to be ready for whatever happens.
You have to be prepared for whatever happens.
It still happens.
Are you aware of what's happening?
Tom didn't anticipate that happening.
Tom didn't know why it was happening.
Tom was unaware of what was happening.
Tom couldn't see what was happening.
Tom could see what was happening.
I want to see what's happening.
I couldn't prevent that from happening.
I can't prevent that from happening.
Do you realize what just happened?
Who knows what happened?
Don't you remember what happened?
Can I ask what happened?
Will you please tell me what happened?
I think that's already happened.
Tom saw exactly what happened.
Tom told Mary about what happened.
I don't want you to tell Tom about what happened.
Tom doesn't seem to know very much about what happened.
Stop talking about what happened.
Tom didn't say anything about what happened.
I don't think you need to tell Tom anything about what happened.
It's hard to forget what happened.
Guess what happened.
Tell me in your own words what happened.
Tom didn't blame Mary for what happened.
I've been afraid to tell Tom what happened.
It was Tom who told me what happened.
I'm not quite sure how to describe what happened.
Let's ask ourselves why this happened.
Tom went to tell the others what has happened.
These things never happened.
Tom began to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom didn't want Mary to know what had happened.
Tom wanted to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom didn't act like he'd even heard about what had happened.
Tom didn't blame Mary for what had happened.
It was Tom who told me what had happened.
What was about to happen?
Who knows what'll happen?
Did you really think this would happen?
Did you ever think this would happen?
Do you really think that could happen?
I was afraid that might happen.
I've never seen that happen.
I want to see that happen.
Tom assured me that it won't happen.
I never thought I'd see this happen.
Tom assured me that this would never happen.
Tom didn't want that to happen.
We're not ready for that to happen.
I wouldn't have ever expected that to happen.
I've been wondering what was going to happen.
Tom didn't appear to realize what was going to happen.
I know this isn't what you wanted to happen.
Look what can happen.
We all know what'll happen.
Both of us knew that would happen.
Tom didn't anticipate that that would happen.
I didn't think that would happen.
Tom didn't anticipate that this would happen.
It was predictable that this would happen.
They were predicting this would happen.
There's no way that could happen.
Tom is a handyman.
All the girls in Tom's class think he's handsome.
Are you handicapped?
We're going to play handball.
Do you want a hand?
Can anyone give me a hand?
Tom had a sharp pain in his right hand.
Show me your right hand.
Hold out your left hand.
I thought I'd lend you a hand.
I thought I'd lend a hand.
I should've let Tom borrow my hammer.
Don't run in the hallways.
I was in the hallway.
Tom waited for a moment in the hall.
What do you think of Mary's new hairstyle?
I think you should get a haircut.
Did you notice Tom's hair?
Have you dyed your hair?
I'm losing my hair.
Tom still has wet hair.
Brush your hair.
It's now a habit.
It's time to go to the gym.
I'll wait in the gym.
What can I do for you guys?
Tom probably thought I didn't want to go to Boston with you guys.
They're all good guys.
Tom was one of the bad guys.
Wow, you're a lucky guy.
Look at the size of that guy.
I recognize that guy.
I don't like that guy.
Tom is a dangerous guy.
Tom was a helpful guy.
I always knew you were a nice guy.
Tom is actually a good guy.
Tom didn't seem to be such a bad guy.
They're armed with guns.
Have you given Tom a gun?
Can you use a gun?
It could've been a gun.
You shouldn't have given Tom a gun.
Tom drank all the juice in one gulp.
I want to become a better guitarist.
Do you usually use a pick when you play the guitar?
Tom would like to see your new guitar.
I want to become better at guitar.
There are no strings on this guitar.
I want to become better at playing the guitar.
Do you still think Tom is guilty?
Do you ever feel guilty?
I feel very guilty.
The jury said Tom was guilty.
I almost feel guilty.
Now I feel guilty.
Of course, I feel guilty.
Don't forget that you're guilty.
Tonight I have guests.
We don't like unexpected guests.
Do you want me to guess?
That was only a guess.
Don't be so grumpy.
Where's the rest of the group?
This is my favorite song by this group.
Tom pointed to the ground.
Do you know the groom?
Why are you grinning?
Why are people so greedy?
Tom is really greedy.
Isn't winning great?
That would be really great.
That massage felt great.
It's great.
Tom put flowers on Mary's grave.
We were grateful.
Stop taking things for granted.
You sound like my grandmother.
Tom used to spend a lot of time with his grandmother.
These are my grandchildren.
Tom hasn't yet graduated.
When will you graduate?
The changes have been gradual.
You'll have to make do with what you've got.
It's now time to say goodbye.
Was it really that good?
Did I miss anything good?
The music Tom writes is pretty good.
There are many websites that aren't very good.
Your French is very good.
It sounds very good.
You've been very good.
This coffee is really good.
This band is really good.
They're always good.
Tom's idea seems good.
The breeze feels good.
This beef is good.
Your new guitar sounds good.
We hope it's good.
Unfortunately, they aren't so good.
It was so good.
My health has been good.
It was all good.
The weather is looking good.
Let's do something good.
Those chocolates were good.
The results are good.
It tasted good.
How long have you been gone?
Tom didn't ask Mary where she'd gone.
I want to become better at golf.
Tom is actually pretty good at golf.
Now where are you going?
How is your summer going?
Well, I should get going.
Tom wondered where they were going.
Tom didn't know where Mary was going, but he had a good idea where she might be going.
Everything is going as it should be going.
Well, I should be going.
Tom wondered where Mary could be going.
Let's see how it goes.
Tom scored the first goal.
How far did you go?
So, why don't you just go?
Where do they want to go?
Do you still not want to go?
Where do you plan to go?
Do you really have to go?
How far do I have to go?
Why weren't you allowed to go?
Why wasn't Tom allowed to go?
Why did you say you didn't want to go if you really wanted to go?
Where was I supposed to go?
How could you let Tom go?
Where does this trail go?
How did the rehearsal go?
Do you think I should go?
Why don't I go?
Where should I go?
Maybe you should just go.
Maybe we should just go.
I might not go.
I've got a long way to go.
Your parents will never allow you to go.
There's no good reason not to go.
Tom asked me not to go.
I know you probably don't want to go.
I still don't want to go.
I can't wait to go.
We had to go where they told us to go.
I told Tom to go.
Tom didn't mention where he was planning to go.
I refuse to go.
Everyone is free to go.
I have no place to go.
Tom didn't understand why he wasn't allowed to go.
It's time to let Tom go.
Tom didn't want to go, but Mary made him go.
If you don't go, I'll go.
Let the dog go.
There's no reason why you should go.
Why do you look so glum?
Where are Tom's gloves?
Did you find your gloves?
Why would I need gloves?
Have you seen my glasses?
Has anyone seen my glasses?
Do you usually wear glasses?
I think I need to get new glasses.
I can see pretty well without glasses.
Raise your glasses.
Let me refill your glass.
Aren't you glad?
Tom drank the water that he was given.
Don't scare the girls.
What do you think of Tom's new girlfriend?
I need a girlfriend.
Haven't you ever kissed a girl?
Mary really is a very cute girl.
I'm a simple girl.
I met a girl.
Tom couldn't persuade Mary to accept his gift.
Go ahead and unwrap your gift.
I brought you a gift.
What a lovely gift!
Tom eats hotdogs every chance he gets.
What more will I get?
Here's a list of what we need to get.
The longer I live, the smarter I get.
Tom was a gentleman.
You're geniuses.
Don't forget to fill the tank with gasoline.
You seem to be out of gas.
This is a volatile gas.
Tom doesn't like working in the garden.
We walked around the garden.
How did Tom get you to help him clean the garage?
I was cleaning the house while Tom was cleaning the garage.
Tom is a gangster.
I like video games.
Do you know this game?
Are you ready for today's game?
Who won the game?
Are you watching the game?
Tom played a great game.
I'm not too good at this game.
Let me finish this game.
I'm tired of playing this game.
I'm tired of this game.
Tom gave me this game.
This is a rough game.
Dominos is my favorite game.
Enjoy the game.
I saw the game.
Stop talking about the game.
We're ready for the game.
Tom injured his right knee during the game.
Let's play a game.
We're going to play a game.
We'll plan for the future.
Let's go a little further.
What you said was very funny.
I didn't think it wasn't so funny.
Don't you ever have any fun?
Do you want to have fun?
Tom's party was a lot of fun.
Try to have some fun.
All the hotels in town are full.
The creek was frozen.
Where do I know you from?
What are you running from?
Who are you running from?
What's Tom running from?
Where's that smell coming from?
Who are you hiding from?
What's Tom hiding from?
I want to know where Tom is from.
I asked Tom where he's from.
Go back to where you came from.
Did you make any friends?
Are they your friends?
When did you become friends?
Why can't we be friends?
Are you three good friends?
I trust my friends.
I miss all my friends.
I recognized my friends.
I enjoy making new friends.
It's a pity that you and Tom aren't friends.
Tom likes to go out with his friends.
Tom knows that Mary and I are friends.
They know we're friends.
Let's all be friends.
I guess we'll be friends.
Tom and I are very good friends.
We're very good friends.
Tom is one of my good friends.
We're all still good friends.
There's nothing better than a few bottles of good red wine drunk with good friends.
You're very friendly.
It's for my friend.
I really want you to be my friend.
You're my closest friend.
I was never your friend.
I'll never be your friend.
I'll be your friend.
This is my old friend.
I need a friend.
I'm just a freshman.
I travel frequently.
Do you know any French?
Could you translate this document into French?
Can both Tom and Mary speak French?
Is it true that you can't speak French?
How did you know that Tom didn't know how to speak French?
Are you still studying French?
Are you learning French?
Could you teach me French?
Tom doesn't want to study French.
Tom didn't want to study French.
Tom said he was going to study French.
I wanted to study French.
None of them know French.
I want to become better at French.
Tom is actually pretty good at French.
Tom isn't good at French.
I think Tom knows French.
My favorite subject is French.
I guess I'm going to have to learn French.
I've started to learn French.
Tom told me he wanted to learn French.
Tom talked to Mary in French.
I consider myself fairly fluent in French.
I can understand most of what Tom says in French.
I find it difficult to give speeches in French.
Most of it's in French.
It's not written in French.
Tom is doing very well in French.
Tom taught his children French.
Tom wondered if Mary could be persuaded teach his children French.
Tom taught Mary's children French.
You speak very beautiful French.
Tom said he'd rather not speak French.
I think Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
We all know how to speak French.
Tom probably thought I wasn't able to speak French.
I don't think I know anyone who can speak French.
None of Tom's friends could speak French.
Tom didn't know anyone who could speak French.
Tom said he didn't know anyone who could speak French.
Tom probably thought I could speak French.
Tom told me he wanted to teach French.
I knew you'd been studying French.
I recommend studying French.
I've already started studying French.
I've just started studying French.
I've just started learning French.
I want to get better at speaking French.
I want to become better at speaking French.
That sounds like French.
This sounds like French.
Tom didn't know what language Mary's friends were speaking, but he thought it might be French.
I didn't realize you couldn't understand French.
I wonder if Tom is able to understand French.
Tom wondered where Mary had learned French.
I have ice cream in the freezer.
All I want is my freedom.
Everyone loves a freebie.
Is it really free?
Did you really get it for free?
Did you really do it for free?
What else have you found?
Has a solution been found?
Here's what we found.
Tom wondered what to do with the wallet he found.
A solution must be found.
Tom didn't know what to do with all the money he'd found.
How could I have forgotten?
Some things are never forgotten.
Some things can't be forgotten.
Tom has recently become forgetful.
We'll never forget.
We explored the Amazon forest.
What do you need it for?
What do you need us for?
What am I doing this for?
What do you need this for?
What does Tom need this for?
What do I need this for?
So, what're you waiting for?
What was Tom waiting for?
What are they asking for?
Who were you looking for?
What are we looking for?
Did you find the things you were looking for?
Who will you vote for?
What was Tom there for?
What did you come in here for?
What do you need me for?
Tom didn't know what it was for.
I'm sure that's what Tom would wish for.
Tom didn't find what he was looking for.
Tom helped me buy everything I was looking for.
Here's what you've been looking for.
I think those are what we've been looking for.
It looks like you've found what you were looking for.
I see you've found what you were looking for.
I don't think I have what you're looking for.
Tom promised not to tell anyone how much we bought our house for.
We have an important meeting next week to prepare for.
It's all paid for.
This is what you asked for.
These aren't what I asked for.
Tom didn't bring what I asked for.
Are you interested in football?
I'm not interested in football.
Tom insisted on watching football.
Maybe I'm just a fool.
I'm just a fool.
I was a fool.
You shouldn't eat fatty foods.
Do we have any food?
Do you really like this kind of food?
Tom didn't have any money, so he couldn't buy any food.
Tom didn't have any money and couldn't buy any food.
You should always try to eat healthy food.
Tom loves spicy food.
We want healthier food.
I've never cared for Mexican food.
We'll bring plenty of food.
We'll have plenty of food.
We have plenty of food.
We want more food.
I want more food.
I think I'll buy some more food.
I dreamed I was flying.
I just love flowers.
I've watered all the flowers.
I groped around in the dark for my flashlight.
There are no quick fixes.
Where do you usually go fishing?
Have you ever gone spear fishing?
Do you want to go fishing?
Tom and Mary went fishing.
I should've let Tom go fishing.
I didn't catch any fish.
These aren't fish.
I like to fish.
Tom took one of the fish.
Why don't you want to go first?
I hated it at first.
We need a publisher first.
I have to check with Tom first.
I was there first.
You're not the first.
I want to buy some fireworks.
Did you know I was going to get fired?
Why did I have to be the one who told Tom he was fired?
