Sami's dog is staying here.
Sami deserved to be bitten by that dog.
Sami's dog was chasing Layla.
They promised Tom he'd be paid $an hour.
The police promised Tom they would look for his daughter.
I've promised Tom I'd do that.
I've promised Tom I'd be there.
I've promised Tom I won't do that anymore.
I promised Tom we'd help Mary.
I promised Tom we'd help him.
I promised Tom we'd be at his party.
Sami was playing with Layla's dog.
I promised Tom I'd wait until 2:30.
I promised Tom I'd go to Boston with him.
I promised Tom I'd do that with him.
I promised Tom I wouldn't cry.
I forgot I promised Tom I'd do that.
I can't believe I just promised Tom.
Sami can't outrun a dog.
Sami is very good at runnung.
Sami was running really fast.
Sami's dog was not there.
Sami's dog isn't there.
Sami was walking home.
Sami entered the gate.
Sami felt a very sharp pain.
Sami saw blood.
Sami went home and he told his mom.
Tom couldn't tell me because he'd promised Mary he wouldn't.
Sami's dog bit him in his bum.
Sami was calling his mom.
Sami didn't know what Layla was going to do.
Sami went into the house.
Sami gave his dog some food.
Sami was feeding his dog.
Sami went straight to his school.
Sami took his injection.
Sami has to take an injection every day.
Sami has to take an injection every evening.
Sami was in a gang.
Sami wasn't part of this gang.
Sami goes to that school.
Sami's school wasn't functioning properly.
Sami hates this school.
Sami lived near the school.
Sami doesn't know if Layla still remembers this.
Sami didn't live anywhere near that school.
Sami is in a gang.
Sami asked Layla if she was in a gang.
Sami and Layla are in the same gang.
Sami stole things.
Sami stole a lot.
Sami was a little thief.
Sami stole TV's.
Sami stole DVD's.
Sami stole markers in school.
Sami stole everything for no reason.
Tom wished he hadn't promised Mary that he'd help.
Tom wished he hadn't promised Mary that he'd go to Boston with her.
Tom wished that he hadn't promised Mary he'd help.
Tom wished that he hadn't promised Mary he'd go to Boston with her.
Tom wished that he hadn't promised Mary that he'd help.
Tom wished that he hadn't promised Mary that he'd go to Boston with her.
Sami felt so loyal to that gang.
Sami was loyal to his gang.
Sami was stealing things.
Sami went to a gift shop.
Sami stole this from a gift shop.
Sami should know this.
Sami stole small things.
Sami stole that book for Layla.
Sami stole this from someone.
Sami stole it from me.
Sami knew he did a wrong thing.
Sami feels bad.
Sami sees those people as his brothers.
Sami does take friendship very seriously.
Sami doesn't sort his friends properly.
Sami is way older than you.
Sami is older now.
Sami was loyal to his friends.
Sami wasn't my friend.
Sami was not my friend.
Sami stole something.
Sami was watching the door.
Sami knew exactly what Layla wanted.
Sami was trying to steal Layla's car.
Sami was trying to steal it.
Sami got caught in like six minutes.
Sami didn't steal anything.
Sami is here to steal something.
Sami was in Layla's clique.
Sami didn't really hang around Layla.
Sami was this from the library.
Sami had no clue about that.
Sami was about to get in huge trouble.
Sami doesn't remember the name of the teacher.
Sami was suprised.
Sami didn't know why Layla was doing this.
Sami did 101's with some teachers.
Sami was familiar with Layla.
Sami knew that what he was doing was wrong.
Sami knew right from wrong.
Sami didn't need to steal.
Sami knew a little bit about that.
Sami's life wasn't as bad as Layla's.
Sami didn't really need that.
Sami found this ridiculous.
Sami doesn't remember this correctly.
Sami went to school the next day.
Sami doesn't know what Layla did.
Sami doesn't know what happened after that.
Sami remembered that it happened.
Sami doesn't remember Layla talking to him.
Sami's parents moved.
Sami never stayed at the same school more than one year.
Sami was in a whole new place.
Sami never saw a school so clean.
Sami was in a better school.
Sami studied in two different schools.
Sami hated that school.
Sami moved the next year.
Sami's whole life changed.
Sami thought those people were his friends.
Sami remembered that day.
Sami went to a different school every year.
Sami made new friends.
Sami forgot about this.
Sami is a very nice person.
Sami was hit in the face.
Sami wants to live better.
Sami needs to be careful.
Sami goes to middle school.
Sami was careful.
Sami didn't really know.
Sami made a good decision.
Sami doesn't need to do this.
Sami saved me.
Sami was like an angel.
Sami pulled Layla from that situation.
Sami enjoys this video.
Sami will talk to you very soon.
Sami was my worst boyfriend ever.
Sami wanted more of those videos.
Sami asked Layla to tell him a story.
Sami is on YouTube.
Sami got into a physical altercation.
Sami was in a physical altercation.
Layla was in a physical altercation with a boy.
Sami would work a whole lot.
Sami wondered why Layla was doing that.
Sami was outside.
Sami took a little break.
Sami was running around.
Sami was just minding his own business.
Sami was watching Layla do this.
Sami knows what he would do if Layla does this to him.
Sami tried to steal Layla's shoes.
Sami runs track.
Sami has run track for so many years.
Sami punched Layla in her face.
Sami turned around and Layla punched him in his face.
Sami took Layla's shoes.
Sami stole Layla's new shoes.
Sami didn't understand that.
Sami gave Layla a warning.
Sami came back at Layla.
Sami and Layla were about to get in a serious fight.
Sami won the fight.
Sami was fighting on the playground.
Sami ran over there to break up the fight.
Sami tried to break up the fight between Farid and Salim.
Sami was just playing.
Sami was just joking around.
Sami was being a clown.
Sami told Layla not to do that.
Sami told Layla not to touch his belongings.
Sami didn't touch Layla's belongings.
Sami got in trouble a lot.
Sami got in trouble a lot on the school bus.
Sami fought Farid on the school bus.
Sami lived in the neighborhood.
Sami wasn't really young.
Sami was on the school bus.
Sami told this to his mother.
Sami was talking about Layla's mother.
Sami was watching adult shows.
Sami was watching too many adult shows.
Sami slept with Layla's mother.
Sami threw the notebook at Layla.
Sami talked about Layla's mother.
Sami and Farid fought in the aisle of the bus.
Sami is muscular.
Sami didn't hit anything.
Sami was hitting me.
Sami was hitting Layla.
Sami jumped in the fight.
Sami's sister jumped in the fight.
Sami wanted to defend Layla.
Sami was hitting that girl.
Sami held back Layla.
Sami had a really cool name.
Sami's last name was Bakir.
Sami was trying to come back.
Sami had a baby sister.
Sami and Layla were on the floor.
Sami and Layla were fighting.
Sami and Layla were fighting on the floor.
Sami had to deal with this for six days.
Sami is in college.
Sami and Layla built a very good friendship.
Layla is dating this guy.
Sami didn't say the name.
Sami was about to get jumped.
Layla is my homegirl.
Sami couldn't fight Layla.
Sami wasn't in the room.
Sami still has a picture of that house.
Sami decorated the house.
Sami is not a creative person.
Sami isn't an artistic person.
Sami was really pissed.
Sami wished he was right there.
Sami wished he was in that room.
Sami really cared about his art.
Sami was really pissed a whole lot.
Sami didn't get physically involved in the fight.
You promised me that you'd take care of Tom.
You promised me that you'd take care of them.
You promised me that you'd make something for us to eat.
You promised me that you'd help.
You promised me you'd take care of them.
You promised me you'd make something for us to eat.
You promised me you'd help.
Tom promised me he'd wash my car for me.
Tom promised me that he'd wash my car for me.
Tom promised me he'd take out the garbage.
Tom promised me that he'd take out the garbage.
Tom promised me he'd clean his room.
Tom promised me that he'd clean his room.
Tom promised me he'd be more careful in the future.
Tom promised me that he'd be more careful in the future.
Tom promised me that he'd be here by 2:30.
Tom promised me he wouldn't tell anybody.
Tom hasn't yet promised me he'd do that.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd wash my car.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd never do that again.
You promised us you'd never do that again.
I never promised you I'd do that.
I never promised you that I'd do that.
Did Tom promise you he'd do that?
Did Tom promise you that he'd do that?
I can't promise you I'll do that.
I can't promise you that I'll do that.
I can't promise that Tom won't be back.
I can't promise that Tom will talk to you.
I promise you that we'll find a bigger place.
I promise you that I'll take care of Tom.
I promise you that I'll stay with you until your father arrives.
I promise you that I'll never leave you.
I promise you that I'll look after you.
I promise you that I'll keep you safe.
I promise you that I'll help you.
I promise you that I'll explain everything later.
I promise you I'll do that for you.
I promise you that I'll do that for you.
I promise you I'll do that tomorrow.
I promise you that I'll do that tomorrow.
I promise you that I'll do that today before I go home.
I promise you that I'll do something about the situation.
I promise you that I'll come early.
I promise you that I won't stay out too late.
I promise you that I won't ever leave you.
I promise you that I won't ever do that again.
I promise you that I won't do that anymore.
I promise you that I won't do that again.
I promise you that I won't do it again.
I promise you that I won't do anything to harm you.
I promise you that I won't be late.
I need you to promise that you'll do what I ask you to do.
Please promise you'll do what I ask you to do.
Please promise that you'll do what I ask you to do.
Do you promise that you won't tell anyone?
Do you promise that you won't tell anybody?
Please promise you won't tell anyone.
Please promise that you won't tell anyone.
Please promise you won't tell anybody.
Please promise that you won't tell anybody.
What did you promise you would do?
I promise that that won't happen again.
I promise we'll be listening to everything you say.
I promise this discussion will be the last of its kind.
I promise I'll take care of Tom.
I promise I'll read this book.
I promise I'll come.
I promise I'll be with you in half an hour.
I promise I'll be there by 2:30.
I promise that I'll be there by 2:30.
I promise I'll be there on time.
I promise I'll be here tomorrow.
I promise I won't let anything happen to you.
I made Tom promise he wouldn't tell anyone what happened.
I made Tom promise he wouldn't tell anybody what happened.
I can't promise I'll be here tomorrow.
I can't promise I'll be there tomorrow.
I can't promise that I'll be there tomorrow.
That was a big promise that you made.
Please promise that you'll never lie to me again.
Please promise that you'll never do that again.
I promise that you'll be happy.
I promise that you won't regret it.
I don't remember promising I'd do that.
I don't remember promising that I'd do that.
I remember Tom promising he'd do that.
I remember Tom promising that he'd do that.
I remember Tom promising he'd be here.
I remember Tom promising that he'd be here.
I remember Tom promising us he'd be here.
I remember Tom promising us that he'd be here.
I remember Tom promising us he'd do that.
I remember Tom promising us that he'd do that.
Sami wasn't involved in the fight.
Sami ended the video.
Sami can't even imagine himself getting into a fight.
Sami goes to high school.
Sami saw the fight.
Sami is going to college.
Sami never really had a best friend.
Sami got into a fight.
Sami has long hair.
Sami found some strange objects lying around his apartment.
Sami is not proud of this.
Sami's stories are very enteraining.
Sami isn't proud of this.
Sami watches my videos.
Sami was a very rebellious teenager.
Sami didn't care what his mom told him to do.
Sami regretted doing this.
Sami seems cool.
Sami got out of that situation unharmed.
Sami doesn't know what Layla could do to him.
Sami was sixteen.
Sami wasn't into YouTube.
Sami doesn't care about that.
Sami was fucking depressed.
Sami never really communicated with Layla on Facebook.
Sami got on Tumblr.
Sami had a lot of unread messages on Tumblr.
Sami was going through his messages.
Sami had a bald head.
Sami doesn't know how to take pictures.
Sami wanted to take care of Layla.
Layla was fucking wild.
Sami was very manipulative.
Sami hit Layla up on Tumblr.
Sami needed money for his weed.
Sami wanted money for his weed.
Layla looked like a little girl.
Layla doesn't look like a little girl anymore.
Sami has just taken his braces off.
Sami told Layla his name.
Sami asked Layla where she lived.
Sami just turned sixteen.
Sami told Layla the truth.
Sami never had a physical relationship with Layla.
Sami was a manipulative person.
Sami wasn't lying.
Sami was not lying.
Sami needs Layla to give him her address.
Sami wants Layla's money.
Sami's legal name is Farid Bakir.
Sami wasn't smart enough to do that.
Sami doesn't feel comfortable telling people where he lives.
Sami never called that number.
Sami never called Layla.
Sami was talking to that girl.
Layla did webcamming.
Sami didn't see the address.
Sami forgot the address.
Sami looked very young.
Sami likes this picture.
Sami sent Layla a link to a picture.
Layla was wearing a bathing suit.
Layla sent Sami a bathing-suit picture.
Sami sent the picture to Layla.
Sami doesn't want to know why.
Sami sent Layla a picture right away.
Sami can't send more than a picture at once.
Sami doesn't want his wife finding out about this.
Sami tried to ruin Layla's marriage.
Sami ruined Layla's marriage.
Sami is still a toddler.
Sami paid teenage girls to send him nudes.
Sami is a dangerous paedophile.
Sami bought Layla a t-shirt.
Sami bought his girlfriend a pair of shoes.
Sami can't wear these shoes.
Sami bought something.
Sami was watching porn on his phone.
Sami kept asking Layla to send him nude pictures.
Sami took a picture with that t-shirt.
Sami has everything there.
Sami blocked Layla everywhere.
Sami deleted all of Layla's messages.
Layla was in her panties.
Layla bought a bra and a pair of socks.
Sami is not proud of it.
Sami feels really bad for doing that.
Sami should have reported that paedophile.
Sami wished he could redo this whole thing.
Sami doesn't even wear those shoes.
Sami asked underage girls to send him nudes.
Sami made an important decision.
Sami didn't do it.
Sami did something stupid.
Sami thinks Layla is a bad person.
Sami knows how to deal with rude customers.
Sami hates rude customers.
Sami argued with a rude customer.
Sami got fired because of an argument he had with a rude customer.
Sami was fired because of a rude customer.
Sami doesn't like rude customers.
Sami is sleepy.
Sami ate some peanuts.
Sami is recording.
Sami needed to do that.
Sami told Layla a horror story.
Sami is already subscribed.
Sami likes Layla's stories.
Sami is in college now.
Sami adores Layla.
Sami adored his boss.
Sami worked in a bad environment.
Sami had mixed drinks.
Sami's pay was shit.
Sami is the owner of the boutique.
Sami had frequent customers.
Sami was very late.
Sami is very late.
Sami was working at a boutique.
Sami was looking around the boutique.
You promised that you'd stay.
You promised that you'd never do that again.
You promised that you'd help Tom do that.
You promised that you'd do that tomorrow.
You promised that you'd do that for us.
You promised that you'd do that for Tom.
You promised that you'd do that before you went home.
You promised that you'd come.
You promised that you'd be there.
You promised that you wouldn't tell.
You promised that you wouldn't drink today.
You promised that you wouldn't do that.
You promised that you wouldn't do that today.
You promised that you wouldn't do that here.
You promised that you wouldn't do that anymore.
You promised me that you'd talk to Tom.
You promised me that you'd look after Tom.
You promised me that you'd look after the kids tomorrow.
You promised me that you'd do that.
You must keep the promises that you make.
We promise you we'll never do it again.
We promise you we'll never be late again.
Tom wasn't able to do everything he promised that he'd do.
Tom promised me that he'd be here at 2:30.
Tom promised me he'd be here at 2:30.
Tom promised his mother he'd help her wash the dishes.
Tom promised his mother that he'd help her wash the dishes.
Tom promised his mother he'd do his homework.
Tom promised his mother that he'd do his homework.
Tom promised his mother he'd clean his room.
Tom promised his mother that he'd clean his room.
Tom promised his mother he'd be home in time for lunch.
Tom promised his mother that he'd be home in time for lunch.
Tom promised his mother he'd be home before dark.
Tom promised his mother that he'd be home before dark.
Tom promised his mother he wouldn't stay out late.
Tom promised his mother that he wouldn't stay out late.
Tom promised he would tell us.
Tom promised that he would tell us.
Tom promised he would help us.
Tom promised that he would help us.
Tom hasn't yet done what he promised that he'd do.
Tom hasn't yet done what he promised that he would do.
Tom has promised that he'll be here by 2:30.
Tom has promised that he won't do that anymore.
Tom has finally done what he promised that he'd do.
Tom didn't pay me as much as he promised that he would.
Tom didn't do what he promised that he'd do.
Tom didn't do what he promised that he would do.
Tom didn't call Mary like he promised that he would.
Tom didn't buy me what he promised that he'd buy.
Tom did what he promised me that he'd do.
Tom did what he promised that he'd do.
Tom apologized for not doing what he promised he'd do.
Tom apologized for not doing what he promised that he'd do.
Tom almost always does what he promises that he'll do.
If Tom promised that he'll do that, he will.
I promised your mother that I'd look after you.
I promised your father that I'd look after you.
I promised you that I'd help you, didn't I?
I promised you that I'd do that, didn't I?
I promised Tom that I wouldn't do that again.
I promise you you'll get a raise after a year.
I promise you won't happen.
I promise you it won't last long.
I promise you I'll be there to help you.
I promise you I'll be there on time.
I promise you I'll be there anytime you need me.
I promise you from now on I'll be good.
I don't want to make promises that I can't keep.
Do you keep all the promises that you make?
Did you bring what you promised that you'd bring?
You promised us that you wouldn't ever do that again.
You promised us that you wouldn't do that anymore.
I promised Tom that I'd pick up lunch.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't tell anyone.
I promised Tom that I'd meet him in the lobby.
I promised Tom that I'd look after you.
I promised Tom that I'd listen to what he had to say.
I promised Tom that I'd help him.
I promised Tom that I'd hang up the laundry.
I promised Tom that I'd eat with him.
I promised Tom that I'd do that today.
I promised Tom that I'd cook dinner.
I promised Tom that I'd be there by 2:30.
I promised Tom that I'd be home early.
I promised Tom that I'd be home by 2:30.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't stay in Boston for more than three days.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't say anything.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't go to Boston.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't ever do that again.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't do that.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't do that anymore.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't say anything to anybody.
I promised Tom I wouldn't say anything to anybody.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't go to Boston without him.
I promised Tom I wouldn't go to Boston without him.
Sami said it was too late.
Sami looks weird.
Sami looks weired as fuck.
Sami shaved his head.
Sami went to a nightclub.
Sami came to the boutique.
Sami was doing everything.
Sami sold Layla a t-shirt.
Sami paid the t-shirt sixty bucks.
Layla was grooming her dog.
Sami didn't know what the fuck he was doing.
Sami didn't sell stuff like that.
Sami didn't say the name of the boutique.
Sami didn't remember the name of the boutique.
Sami is transgender.
Sami needs to be careful of this customer.
Layla is very pretty.
Layla's face was very pretty.
Layla's face was pretty and feminine.
Sami was looking through the clothes.
Layla was bitchy.
Layla wasn't as bitchy as Sami thought.
Sami was boujee.
Layla wasn't bitchy.
Sami left me to run the shop by myself.
Sami stole clothing.
Sami fixed up the store.
Sami checked the cash.
Sami did all those things.
Sami let Layla run the store on slow days.
Sami knew about me.
Sami came.
Sami already knows what the problem is.
Sami will help Layla.
Sami asked for helped.
Sami backed off.
Sami married a rich bitch.
Sami is looking around.
Sami is still looking at Layla.
Sami was going through the clothes.
Sami felt me looking at him.
Sami didn't even know what he was apologizing for.
Sami can tell his boss.
Sami told his boss.
Sami knew he was replaceable.
Sami wanted to take Layla's job.
Sami walked up to the counter.
Sami was trying to help you.
Sami didn't know what Layla wanted him to do.
Sami usually wears this.
Layla was comfortable showing certain body parts.
Sami is sitting over there.
Sami let Layla try the t-shirt on.
Sami was looking at the suit on the manikin.
Will you promise me you'll never leave me?
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't eat her piece of cake.
Please promise me you'll never lie to me again.
Please promise me you'll never lie again.
Please promise me that you won't do that.
Please promise me that you won't do anymore.
Please promise me you won't do anymore.
Please promise me that you won't do again.
Please promise me you won't do again.
Please promise me you will never tell a lie again.
Just promise me that you're going to be careful.
Just promise me that you'll be nice to Tom.
Just promise me that you won't get angry.
Just promise me you won't do anything stupid.
Just promise me you won't do anything silly.
Just promise me that you won't do again.
Just promise me you won't do again.
It's way past the time that Tom promised that he'd be here.
I've promised Tom that I'd do that tomorrow.
I've promised Tom that I would help.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom that I'd help him.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom that I'd help him do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom that I'd go to Boston with him.
I want you to promise me you'll never do that.
I want you to promise me that you'll never do that.
I want you to promise me you'll do that.
I want you to promise me that you'll do that.
I promised Tom that we wouldn't sing that song tonight.
I promised Tom that we wouldn't do that.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't tell anybody.
I promised Tom I wouldn't tell anybody.
I promised Tom last week I'd do that.
I promise that this will never happen again.
I promise that it won't take long.
I promise that it won't happen again.
I promise that I'll wait until you get here.
I promise that I'll wait for you.
I promise that I'll try.
I promise that I'll try to make things as easy as possible for you.
I promise that I'll try harder next time.
I promise that I'll take good care of your dog.
I promise that I'll protect you.
I promise that I'll pay you back.
I promise that I'll pay you back the money I owe you before the end of the month.
I promise that I'll pay you back the money that I owe you before the end of the month.
I promise that I'll never tell Tom.
I promise that I'll never lie to you again.
I promise that I'll never leave you.
I promise that I'll never do this again.
I promise that I'll never do that again.
I promise that I'll never do it again.
I promise that I'll mop the floor tomorrow morning.
I promise that I'll make it up to you.
I promise that I'll give this back to you as soon as I've finished using it.
I promise that I'll give it back.
I promise that I'll find you a job.
I promise that I'll explain everything later.
I promise that I'll do that.
I promise that I'll do that today.
I promise that I'll do that before the end of the week.
I promise that I'll do that before the end of the month.
I promise that I'll do that before I go home.
I promise that I'll do it tomorrow.
I promise that I'll come to your party.
I promise that I'll come by to see you on Monday.
I promise that I'll call.
I promise that I'll bring it right back.
I promise that I'll be quiet.
I promise that I'll be nice to you from now on.
I promise that I'll be back in time for the meeting.
I promise that I'll be back as soon as I can.
I promise that I won't wake you up when I get home.
I promise that I won't tell.
I promise that I won't tell Tom about what we did.
I promise that I won't tell anyone why we're here.
I promise that I won't tell anybody why we're here.
I promise that I won't tell anyone who you are.
I promise that I won't tell anyone where you are.
I promise that I won't tell anyone where Tom is.
I promise that I won't tell anyone where it is.
I promise that I won't tell anyone what you did.
I promise that I won't tell anyone that you're rich.
I promise that I won't tell anyone that Tom is here.
I promise that I won't tell anybody who you are.
I promise that I won't tell anybody where you are.
I promise that I won't tell anybody where Tom is.
I promise that I won't tell anybody where it is.
I promise that I won't tell anybody what you did.
I promise that I won't tell anybody that you're rich.
I promise that I won't tell anybody that Tom is here.
I promise that I won't say anything to anybody.
I promise that I won't look.
I promise that I won't lie to you again.
I promise that I won't let you down.
I promise that I won't leave without you.
I promise that I won't hurt you.
I promise that I won't hurt Tom.
I promise that I won't hit anyone.
I promise that I won't hit anybody.
I promise that I won't forget.
I promise that I won't forget it.
I promise that I won't drink.
I promise that I won't do this again.
I promise that I won't do that.
I promise that I won't do that anymore.
I promise that I won't do that again.
I promise that I won't damage anything.
I promise that I won't cry.
I promise that I won't bite.
I promise that I won't bite you.
I promise that I won't be late.
I promise that I won't be late again.
I promise that I won't be jealous.
I promise I'll protect you.
I promise I'll pay you back the money that I owe you before the end of the month.
I promise I won't tell anybody why we're here.
I promise I won't tell anybody who you are.
I promise I won't tell anybody where you are.
I promise I won't tell anybody where Tom is.
I promise I won't tell anybody where it is.
I promise I won't tell anybody what you did.
I promise I won't tell anybody that you're rich.
I promise I won't tell anybody that Tom is here.
I promise I won't hit anybody.
I promise I won't forget to do that.
I promise that I won't forget to do that.
I made Tom promise me he wouldn't tell anyone what happened.
I made Tom promise me he wouldn't tell anybody what happened.
Don't worry. I promise that I'll do what you ask.
Do you promise me that you'll do that?
Didn't you promise me you wouldn't do that?
Didn't Tom promise that he'd never do that?
Didn't Tom promise he'd never do that?
Didn't Tom promise that he'd never do that again?
Didn't Tom promise he'd never do that again?
Didn't Tom promise that he wouldn't do that?
Didn't Tom promise he wouldn't do that?
Didn't Tom promise that he wouldn't do that again?
Didn't Tom promise he wouldn't do that again?
Can you promise me that you won't tell Tom?
Can you promise me that you won't do that?
Will you promise me that you'll never leave me?
You've got to promise me that this is never going to happen again.
I want you to promise me you won't do that.
I want you to promise me that you won't do that.
Tom kept his promise and did what he said he'd do.
Tom kept his promise and did what he said that he'd do.
Tom couldn't fulfill the promise he made to his grandfather.
Tom couldn't fulfill the promise that he made to his grandfather.
Tom promised he wouldn't speak French.
Tom promised that he wouldn't speak French.
Tom promised to watch the video I made.
Tom promised to watch the video that I made.
Tom promised Mary he'd take her shopping.
Tom promised Mary that he'd take her shopping.
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom I gave you his phone number?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom that I gave you his phone number?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom I gave you his phone number?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom that I gave you his phone number?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom I told you where he lived?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom that I told you where he lived?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom I told you where he lived?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom that I told you where he lived?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom I kissed Mary?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom that I kissed Mary?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom I kissed Mary?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom that I kissed Mary?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom I was in a traffic accident?
Do you promise that you won't tell Tom that I was in a traffic accident?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom I was in a traffic accident?
Do you promise you won't tell Tom that I was in a traffic accident?
Sami missed it.
Sami lost it.
Sami touched his nose.
Sami took the arms of the manikin off.
Tom says that he's sorry that he broke his promise.
Tom says that he's sorry he broke his promise.
Tom says he's sorry he broke his promise.
Tom says he's sorry that he broke his promise.
Tom promised you he'd do that, didn't he?
Tom promised you that he'd do that, didn't he?
Tom promised Mary he'd help her get ready for the party.
Tom promised Mary that he'd help her get ready for the party.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't look at other girls.
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't look at other girls.
Tom promised Mary he was going to pick her up at 2:30.
Tom promised Mary that he was going to pick her up at 2:30.
Tom promised his parents he wouldn't get married until he was thirty.
Tom promised his parents that he wouldn't get married until he was thirty.
Tom promised his parents he wouldn't do that.
Tom promised his parents that he wouldn't do that.
Tom promised his mother he'd help her decorate the Christmas tree.
Tom promised his mother that he'd help her decorate the Christmas tree.
Tom must've forgotten the promise he made.
Tom must've forgotten the promise that he made.
Tom couldn't do what he promised he'd do.
Tom couldn't do what he promised that he'd do.
Tom couldn't do everything he promised.
Tom couldn't do everything that he promised.
Tom couldn't do everything he promised he'd do.
Tom couldn't do everything that he promised he'd do.
Tom promised to stay home.
Tom promised to fix Mary's broken table.
Tom kept his promise to Mary.
Tom has a bad habit of breaking promises.
Tom promised to stay at home.
Tom promised Mary a kiss if she won the race.
Tom promised to do that on Monday.
Tom hasn't yet done what he promised me he'd do.
Didn't Tom promise never to do that?
Tom didn't help Mary wash her car like he promised.
I made Tom promise never to do that.
Tom didn't help Mary clean the house like he promised.
Tom promised to call me before 2:30.
Tom kept his promise to Mary and helped her weed her garden.
Tom promised to do that before 2:30.
Tom promised Mary a delicious meal at an expensive restaurant.
Tom promised to never do that again.
Tom promised Mary a lot of jewelry, but he never gave her any.
Tom kept his promise and helped Mary.
Do you promise never to do that?
Tom made a promise to us and kept it.
Didn't you promise not to do that?
Tom didn't help Mary like he promised.
Didn't you promise never to do that?
Tom promised to pay me back on Monday.
Tom promised to pay me back the money he owes on Monday.
I'll keep the promise I made to you.
Sami was trying.
Sami never does this.
Sami was trying to swim.
Sami came over here.
Sami doesn't understand what is wrong with Layla.
Sami got the dress off the manikin.
Layla had a nice shape.
Sami didn't like Layla's dress.
Sami put the manikin back together.
Sami had to put the manikin back together before his boss came back.
Sami wore an old jacket.
Sami doesn't like this jacket.
Sami is about to go.
Sami could always come back.
Sami knows Layla is new.
Sami put the dress back on the manikin.
Sami snitched to his boss.
Sami was sassy with the customer.
Sami was fresh from high school.
Sami was fresh from college.
Sami had to be honest.
Sami was a top customer.
Sami was really mean.
Sami didn't let me help him.
Sami is having a bad day.
Sami doesn't even know me.
Sami described Layla as a whole different woman.
Sami usually shows up at noon.
Sami's mom was there.
Sami was out there.
Sami just looked at me.
Sami was talking to everybody except for me.
Sami talks to everybody.
Sami was sixteen at the time.
Sami took that with a grain of salt.
Sami tried to come up really nice.
Sami already has a drink in his hand.
Sami looked at his mom.
Sami's cup was halfway empty.
Sami was enjoying himself.
Sami is in retail.
Sami wasn't interested in money.
Layla was a bitch to me for no fucking reason.
Sami liked the story.
Sami put the video on private.
Sami was posting videos very frequently.
I got up and Tom did, too.
Far away / he sees the firmament all calm and clear, / and from the stern gives signal. We obey, / and shifting camp, set sail and tempt the doubtful way.
That isn't my job.
That isn't what I was looking for.
That isn't what I wanted to say.
That's not what I wanted to say.
That's not very important.
That isn't very hard.
That's not very hard.
That isn't very good.
That isn't very far from here.
That's not very far from here.
That isn't very expensive.
That's not very expensive.
That isn't very easy.
That's not very easy.
That isn't very durable.
That's not very durable.
That isn't very difficult.
That's not very difficult.
That isn't very complicated.
That's not very complicated.
That isn't really what I was hoping for.
That's not really what I was hoping for.
That isn't pertinent.
That's not pertinent.
That isn't likely to work.
That's not likely to work.
That isn't ever going to happen anymore.
That's not ever going to happen anymore.
That isn't a weapon, is it?
That's not a weapon, is it?
That isn't a suitable topic for discussion.
That's not a suitable topic for discussion.
That isn't what I thought.
That's not what I thought.
Tom said he'll leave the door open.
Tom said that he'll leave the door open.
This is not quite enough.
This isn't quite enough.
Asked if he was happy, Tom said he was.
Asked if he was happy, Tom said that he was.
Tom refused to name those involved.
Is it OK to say no?
Tom and I've never been close friends.
Tom is a very good skier, isn't he?
Doing that is illegal.
Tom and Mary have a good relationship.
Tom refused to provide any details.
I'm not quite finished.
Tom is a very strong guy, isn't he?
Tom has a farm just outside of Boston.
Those apples are rotten.
When are visiting hours?
What color shoes is Tom wearing today?
I want to try doing that.
Tom is a very strong man, isn't he?
Do you want to play chess?
Tom seemed busier today than usual.
It wasn't us who did that.
How much did Tom get paid to help Mary?
Doing that here is illegal.
Tom is afraid of heights, isn't he?
Tom does everything by himself.
Tom lives on the outskirts of the city.
Tom dropped his jaw.
Free the animals from their cage.
There are those who marry just to prevent their wife from marrying another.
Some marry only to prevent their wife from marrying someone else.
This is who I am. Take me or leave me.
I'm about to turn thirty.
I'm detested.
I'm hated.
I'm eating beans.
Tom loves beans and rice.
Tom likes chickpeas and rice.
No one opened an eye.
Chicken and rice is Tom's favorite dish.
Free the animals from their cages.
Let the animals out of their cages.
It's time to put the animals back in their cages.
I shouldn't have to ask Tom to do that.
I now live in Boston, but I plan to move back to Chicago before the end of next year.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to help.
Let me give you several more reasons why you shouldn't go to Boston.
Tom and I weren't friends at that time.
Doing that will likely not be as complicated as you think it'll be.
Tom is afraid of spiders, isn't he?
My alarm went off at 6:30, but I didn't get out of bed until 7:00.
Tom doesn't know his way around Boston.
Doing that will likely not be as difficult as you think it'll be.
Tom tried, but he couldn't do that.
Let me give you several more reasons why you shouldn't do that.
Apparently, Tom doesn't want to do that.
What medications do you usually take with you when you travel?
Tom is afraid to do that, isn't he?
Sometimes things don't work out as well as you expect them to.
Sometimes things don't work out as well as you'd expect them to.
Tom is definitely going to get that job.
Doing that will likely not be as hard as you think it'll be.
Tom wanted to get Mary to help him.
Sometimes things don't work out as well as you want them to.
Sometimes things don't work out as well as you would like them to.
We're expecting Tom to do that.
We're expecting Tom to sing with us.
We're expecting Tom to the get here around 2:30.
We're expecting Tom to help us plant corn.
He is as poor as a church mouse.
Your attention, please! Now, the doors are closing.
Where does he live now?
Sami worked at a call center.
Sami knows that Layla has a YouTube channel.
Sami was sitting here for a while.
Sami has a lunch break.
Sami doesn't even have a lunch break.
Sami made a playlist of all those videos.
Sami is putting a lot of work into this.
Sami really appreciates it.
Sami has been waiting for this.
Sami asked Layla what was her ethnicity.
Sami was fighting in the parking lot.
Sami could get fired.
Sami didn't disclose what company he worked for.
Sami worked for a major corporation.
Sami filmed a hilarious video.
Sami would greatly appreciate it.
Sami has been working there for six years.
Sami had to keep in touch with Layla.
Sami was still fairly new to business.
Sami is sixteen now.
Children like to play the hide-and-seek game.
Sami had to move to a new building.
Sami had his own little room.
Sami saw Layla's credit card.
Sami was in a little room.
Sami was super excited.
Sami forgot to mention this.
Sami was getting prepared to move.
Sami circled around out desks, asking us what we were doing.
Sami still doesn't know what to call his puppy.
Sami was not attractive.
Sami wasn't attractive.
Sami always wears suits.
Sami is not from Egypt.
Sami dresses like a Texan cowboy.
Sami asked questions.
Sami only talked to me like once or twice.
Sami hasn't started hiring.
Sami is not a new person in the office.
Sami isn't a new person in the office.
Sami made Layla even more mad.
Sami knows what I'm talking about.
Sami knows what I am talking about.
Sami was sitting over here.
Sami was separated from his homie.
Sami is here to work.
Sami isn't here to make friends.
Sami is not here to make friends.
Sami went for a meeting.
Sami wanted to introduce us to Layla.
Sami will let Layla know.
Sami doesn't like Layla either.
Sami talked about himself.
Sami is a black guy.
Sami is Hispanic but he's a black guy.
Sami is Hispanic but he's black.
Sami fired a lot of people.
Sami re-hired a lot of people.
Sami is Layla's supervisor.
Sami's supervisor was a woman.
Sami was my boss and he was cool as fuck.
Sami fired many people.
Sami introduced himself.
Sami is a new guy here.
Sami came up to Layla's desk.
Sami would bother Layla about the stupidest shit.
Sami does it like this.
Sami just stays there.
Sami was still talking to Layla.
Sami will come back later to check on Layla.
Sami was so pissed off.
Sami was pissed off.
Sami and Layla were officially dating.
Sami was irritated as fuck.
Sami came to Layla's desk.
Sami should try to be more professional.
Sami is tired of his boss.
Sami was just looking at Layla.
Sami found this very weird.
Sami worked for a different department.
Sami was sent back to his department.
Sami went to a different department.
Sami is gonna lose his job.
Sami is going to lose his job.
Sami doesn't need extra work.
Sami was a senior agent.
Sami is a senior agent in the department.
Sami said this in a previous video.
Sami used Layla's card without her permission.
Sami asked Layla to pay for it.
Sami didn't know how to do Layla's job.
Sami and Layla were the only people who knew how to do this job.
Sami wanted to be a training coordinator.
Sami doesn't know anything about management.
Sami didn't know what to tell us.
Sami was working at his desk.
Sami tapped Layla on the shoulder.
Sami will be getting more money.
Sami was given a raise.
Sami did his training.
Sami went to college and got a degree.
Sami has been doing this job consistently and every day.
Sami had a week of training.
Sami hired everybody.
Sami hired ex-cons.
Sami and Layla went to high school together.
Sami ended his friendship with Layla.
Sami got really defensive.
Sami will be there for Layla.
Sami was involved in Layla's self-destruction.
Sami was worried for Layla.
Sami was really worried for Layla.
Sami told Layla about his life.
Sami is really good for that.
Sami has got a new job.
Sami needs to go to the clinic.
Sami still hangs out with Layla.
Don't tire yourself out!
Sami is watching the game.
Sami has done worse.
Sami knows what Layla is talking about.
Sami should apply.
Sami applied and got hired.
Sami knew Layla's boyfriend before he knew her.
Sami wanted to break up with Layla.
Sami and Layla ate lunch together.
Sami was crazy about Layla.
Sami told me that Layla was his ex.
Sami was trying to get Layla back.
Sami was wearing a hoodie.
Sami was embarrassed as fuck.
Sami finds this embarrassing.
Sami came up to my desk.
Sami was in charge of that area.
Sami will never guess what is going on right now.
Sami sent Layla pictures of his dick.
Sami was listening to our whole conversation.
Sami had kids older than Layla.
Sami was listening to that.
Sami has got to talk to Layla.
Sami was sitting behind Layla.
Sami was looking at us.
Sami told the story to the cops.
Sami doesn't know what Layla wants from him.
Sami asked Layla not to talk to Farid.
Sami can fire me.
Sami is about to lose his job.
Sami was fucking lying.
Sami and Layla went back to the office together.
Sami waited for Layla to leave the room.
Sami was the one who started the rumor.
Sami checked his messages.
Sami asked Layla to come to his office.
Sami can't even make eye contact with me.
Sami's son was mudered.
Sami was nosy.
Sami did that shit.
Sami left the door open.
Sami asked Layla to close the door.
Sami closed the doors.
Sami can't do Layla's accent.
Sami had the capability to fire Layla.
Sami is in Layla's office.
Sami is a master manipulator.
Sami interrogated Layla.
Sami was not the only one Layla did this to.
Sami was just shaking his head.
Sami and Layla get along very well.
Sami was making all types of new rules.
Sami was fucking Layla.
Sami asked Layla to come to his desk.
Sami did this shit in front of all of us.
Sami missed six days of work.
Sami has too many absences.
Sami didn't know what Layla meant.
Sami fired that boy.
Sami has already mentioned this.
Sami got that guy fired.
Sami started freaking out.
Sami can't handle this.
Sami wants to find another job.
Sami wanted to find another job.
Sami felt he still had the upper hand.
Sami never communicated with Layla personally.
Sami is talking to that girl.
Sami talked to Layla about her absences.
Sami has to clock in on two systems.
Sami checked the computer.
Sami doesn't come to work.
Sami is not confrontational.
Sami isn't confrontational.
Sami is the opposite of Layla.
Sami was Layla's superior.
Sami was so submissive.
Sami wrote his phone number on a piece of paper and slid it on Layla's desk.
Sami was talking to Layla about something that happened that day.
Sami wrote his phone number on a note and gave it to Layla.
Sami went back to his seat.
Sami could have fired Layla.
Sami could fire Layla.
Sami screenshot Layla's e-mail and e-mailed it to Farid.
Sami screenshot Layla's picture and sent it to Farid.
Sami only had a week of training.
Sami was moving so slow.
Sami worked for this company.
Sami was so stressed.
Sami can't listen to music while he works.
Sami wasn't allowed to eat at his desk.
Sami told Layla than she couldn't put her purse on the desk.
Layla wasn't allowed to have her purse on the desk.
Sami was just such a fucking pussy.
Sami was in charge of the whole department.
Sami told Layla what was going on.
Sami was intimidated to contact his boss.
Sami barged in the room and started yelling.
Sami has lots of work to do.
Sami couldn't talk to Layla.
Sami would always do that.
Sami got so fucking pissed.
Sami stormed out of the room.
Sami got fucking mad.
Sami is a big dude.
Sami ran after Layla.
Sami ran after Layla, begging her to stay.
Sami stopped being flirtatious towards Layla.
Sami stopped being mean towards Layla.
Sami was super pissed.
Sami wanted to beat Farid's ass.
Sami can't let Layla get the upper hand.
Sami wasn't getting any raise.
Sami has to ask Layla.
Sami sent us all an e-mail telling us that he was resigning from the company.
Sami told us that he was resigning and that was a huge slap on the face.
Sami told that to everybody.
Sami sent Layla an inspirational quote.
Sami CC'd Layla's e-mail to the whole department.
Sami deleted every e-mail he had received from Layla.
Sami is hurt.
Sami is a total psychopath.
Sami wants everybody to be miserable.
Sami couldn't eat.
Sami hated everybody.
Sami couldn't talk.
Sami was sent home without pay.
Sami is so horrible.
Sami wouldn't let Layla do anything.
Sami told Layla about how awful Farid was.
Sami didn't have the same reaction as Layla when he heard about Farid's death.
Sami was so used to things being that way.
Sami is a fucking son of a bitch.
Sami hated going to work.
Sami doesn't want to go to work.
Sami is just not able to knock out all this work.
Sami found this really hard.
Sami and Layla started butting heads.
Sami and Layla sat next to each other.
Sami didn't want to sit by Layla.
Sami was disgusted with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to sit by Layla either.
Sami was so disgusted.
Sami could see the disgust on Layla's face.
Sami hasn't seen it.
Sami doesn't remember when he called Layla.
Sami and Layla were fucking.
Sami is wearing jeans.
Sami lost some attendance points.
Sami doesn't remember verbatim what he said to Layla.
Sami said something around those lines.
Sami can't remember verbatim what he said to Layla but it was around these lines: "You're such a manipulative bitch."
Sami was very close to me.
Sami sent me pictures.
Sami is gonna show those pictures to the boss.
Sami is going to show those pictures to the boss.
Sami has to talk to Layla.
Sami still has those pictures of Layla.
Sami argued with Layla over this stupid shit.
Sami presented evidence to the police.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla since then.
Sami got all of his proof together and presented it to the police.
Sami was in the pictures.
Sami wanted this to work.
Sami was caught off guard.
Sami threw Layla under the bus.
Sami stayed with me.
Layla is not wearing any foundation.
Layla isn't wearing any foundation.
Layla's eyeliner looks super dark on her face.
Sami and Layla decided to do that.
Sami gathered evidence against Layla.
Sami wanted to confront Layla.
Sami didn't say Layla's real name.
Sami and Layla are just brainstorming.
Sami came by my desk.
Sami went through Layla's stuff.
Sami was so cunning and manipulative.
Sami and Layla were trying to conspire against Farid.
Sami was gone for the entire day.
Sami thought Layla got fired.
Sami remembers Layla's name.
Sami worked in a stressful environment.
Sami still wasn't back.
Sami is from a different department.
Sami snitched on Layla.
Sami fired them all.
Sami and Layla were celebrating.
Sami showed up in the parking lot.
Sami came a few moments later.
Sami was upset that Layla was back.
Sami is going to report this.
Sami found this annoying.
Sami is not allowed to hang any picture on his desk.
Sami is not allowed to hang any picture upon his desk.
Sami was emotionally drained.
Sami went to work every day.
Sami wasn't allowed to leave his desk while he was working.
Sami wasn't on the phone.
Sami made new rules.
Sami used the office bathroom.
Sami found this really shitty.
Sami was at his desk.
Sami confronted Layla about this.
Sami found this so fucking annoying.
Sami told us this.
Sami made sure he had all his shit together.
Sami and Layla knew that.
Sami leaft early today.
Sami got up and left the room.
Sami was waiting to see what was going to happen.
Sami gave Layla a shirt.
Sami had eyes everywhere.
Sami had girls everywhere.
Sami was hanging out with a pretty Asian girl.
Sami had snitches everywhere.
Sami is one of Layla's snitches.
Sami bought tickets.
Sami was the only winner.
Sami was doing shit like that.
Sami contacted me.
Sami texted me about this.
Sami is an HR person.
Sami wanted to have a quick chat with Layla.
Sami tried to fire Layla.
Sami was losing a lot of money.
Sami lost millions of dollars in one year.
Sami decided to hire new people.
Sami was handling a lot of money.
Sami wanted to get this job done.
Sami doesn't talk to Layla with much respect.
Sami has to work hard.
Sami doesn't talk to Layla.
Sami needed to bury the dog.
Sami and Layla were messaging each other.
Sami could see our chats.
Sami read Layla and Farid's chats.
Sami got hired for a high position.
Sami is very fun.
Sami is very giggly.
Sami wanted to be a trainer.
Layla is a very nice lady.
Sami saw a very different side of Layla.
Sami was very stern.
Sami looked dead serious.
Sami is involved in a serious case.
Sami was pretty shocked.
Sami is kind of shocked.
Sami should stop dancing around the subject and go straight to the point.
Sami may know about this.
Sami couldn't handle the problem.
Sami made inappropriate comments about Layla.
Sami was just looking at me.
Sami didn't say anything else to Layla.
Sami made that comment.
Sami left me alone.
Sami has heard about Layla.
Sami wondered what was going on between Layla and Farid.
Sami and Layla had a sexual relationship.
Sami sent Layla nudes through text message.
Sami didn't tell Layla about that.
Sami felt intimidated.
Sami is going back to his seat.
Sami was in the office with Layla.
Sami still hasn't come back.
Sami still wasn't there.
Sami is still in the room.
Sami was side-eying us.
Sami was giving Layla the side-eye.
Sami is probably lying to Layla.
Sami would have told Layla.
Sami was waiting for Layla to come back.
Sami was intimidating Layla.
Sami was looking at our chats.
Sami could see Layla and Farid's chats.
Sami was spying on us.
Sami was sitting at his desk.
Sami is talking about this.
Sami was gloomy as fuck.
Sami can't see your chats.
Sami went to Layla's room.
Sami needs to see Layla.
Sami was in Layla's room.
Sami knows where Layla's office is.
Sami should have fired Layla that day.
Sami and Layla didn't make eye contact with each other.
Sami has left the room.
Sami asked Layla what was going on.
Sami work up at six in the morning.
Sami worked an early shift.
Sami clocked in super early.
Sami and Layla were in that office for a long portion of the day.
Sami came with a box.
Sami started packing his shit.
Sami and I were looking at each other.
Sami is gone this time.
Sami is gone on a vacation.
Sami was supervising the office.
Sami is supervising the team.
Sami was done there.
Sami and Layla were happy.
Sami sat back down in his seat.
Sami didn't know how to do that anymore.
Sami came back in the room.
Sami was bawling crying.
Sami asked Layla why she was crying.
Sami asked Layla what she was crying about.
Sami sat at his desk.
Sami was clearly frustrated.
Sami's desk was right behind Layla's.
Sami took his break.
Sami was there for a whole workday.
Sami was still crying.
Sami is feeling bad.
Sami didn't want to throw Layla under the bus.
Sami is messing with Layla.
Layla was Sami's main bitch.
Sami and Layla are very close.
Sami has betrayed Layla in a way.
Sami and Layla have a good work relationship.
Sami and Layla had an excellent work relationship.
Sami was fucking girls in his department.
Sami was so interested in that.
Sami was talking about the pictures.
Sami is without a job.
Sami worked an early-morning shift.
Sami found this really crazy.
Sami had no kids.
Sami has a wife in Egypt with six kids.
Sami has a mistress in Egypt.
Sami's wife doesn't know about his mistress.
Layla knew that Sami was a married man.
Sami completely cut all ties with Layla once he got fired.
Sami held his friendship to Layla very dear to him.
Sami lit the candles.
Sami needed to work in a peaceful work environment.
Sami said he was wrong.
Sami got Layla fired.
Sami and Layla used to butt heads all the time.
Sami didn't expect that at all.
Sami showed me how to do stuff.
Sami didn't see Layla that way.
Sami didn't expect any of that shit to happen.
Sami did the same thing that he always did.
Sami went to a meeting room.
Sami no longer works with us.
Sami is no longer with Layla.
Sami was so fucking happy.
Sami was clapping.
Sami wasn't going to survive anyways.
Sami wasn't just sad. He was depressed.
Sami's sadness went on for months.
Sami didn't feel great.
Sami brought so much negativity to the work environment.
Sami never looks back.
Sami's second video was not as long as the first one.
Sami's second video wasn't as long as the first one.
Sami called Layla a sociopath.
Sami had a personality disorder.
Sami has never had a boss like this.
Sami made Layla dread being around him.
Layla's hair is natural.
Sami needs to be free.
Sami is ready for this.
Sami got a little bored.
Sami told Layla a sad story.
Sami has just recently moved and he's still unpacking.
Sami ordered a desk.
Sami moved to a new place.
Sami transferred his equipment from his old place to his new place.
Sami moved to a bigger place.
Sami felt lazy.
Layla was feeling lazy and not willing to cook.
Sami spent six hundred dollars on fast food.
Sami doesn't eat fast food like he used to.
Sami used to eat a lot of fast food.
Sami and Layla went out to eat.
Sami isn't wasting money on fast food.
Sami needs to feed his ass.
Sami went grocery shopping.
Sami took Layla's car.
Sami took his car.
Sami bought groceries.
Sami likes shopping for groceries.
Sami wouldn't buy this type of shit.
Sami was feeling good.
Sami bought a lot of food.
Layla was thinking about what she was going to cook.
Sami is an adult now.
Sami put all the groceries in the back seat.
Sami doesn't put his groceries in the trunk.
Sami got in Layla's car.
Sami wanted Layla to drive.
Sami's car isn't starting.
Sami was turning the key really slow.
Sami has just paid for the car.
Sami bought a used car.
Sami has to hurry up.
Sami didn't need that.
Sami did not need that.
Sami was stranded in a small town.
Sami is at work.
Sami's car is not over here.
Sami isn't over here.
Sami is going to fix Layla's car.
Sami was helping Layla fix her car.
Sami couldn't start his car.
Sami's engine was fucked up.
Sami's jumper cables were short.
Sami's jumper cables were in the trunk.
Sami was looking shitty.
Sami kept his car running.
Sami is going to electrocute himself.
Sami had six cars and one truck.
Sami and Layla put their cars head to head.
Sami could electrocute himself.
Sami turned his car on.
Sami was getting stressed out.
Sami doesn't recollect the facts.
Sami's car had serious mechanical issues.
Sami got his car fixed.
Sami took his car to a dealership to get it fixed.
Sami's car had mechanical issues.
Sami needs to turn his car off.
Sami turned his car back off.
Sami tried to help us.
Sami didn't even try to help Layla.
Sami is sitting in the car.
Sami drove his car to the mechanic's.
Sami's headlights are on.
Sami's battery is dead.
Sami was trying to keep Layla calm.
Sami called a mechanic.
Sami's car will get fixed tomorrow.
Sami knows how this shit works.
Sami was sitting outside in that heat.
Sami is stranded.
Sami's car is six years old.
Sami's car was doing very well.
Sami respects his car.
Sami doesn't drive that car much.
Sami made sure his dog was clean.
Sami was sitting in the parking lot.
Sami looked depressed.
Sami called a tow truck.
Sami got towed to a mechanic's.
Sami's car is not starting.
Sami's car wasn't starting.
Sami had his windows rolled down.
Sami started eating.
Sami's sandwiches were awful.
Sami was so fucking upset.
Sami was happy as shit.
Sami is going home now.
Sami wasn't inconveniencing anyone.
Sami didn't want to inconvenience his neighbors.
Sami took his car to the mechanic.
Sami doesn't want his car to break down.
Sami calmed me down.
Sami kept Layla level-headed.
Sami's car hasn't done that since.
Sami tried to start the car.
Sami has a good car.
Sami took the car to a dealership to get it checked.
Communism is only man's dream of brotherhood with others.
Communism is nothing but man's dream of brotherhood with others.
I don't feel hungry at all.
Sami criticizes himself so much.
Sami tries not to criticize Layla so much.
Sami is very unapologetic in real life.
Sami is wearing that t-shirt.
Sami is a very mean person.
Sami has been asking me for this for ever.
Sami can make a movie.
Sami remembered something that had happened to him there.
Sami remembers about that gas station.
Sami is new to Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami considers this a movie.
Sami wants to watch this.
Layla was doing her makeup.
Layla wore a lace-front wig.
Sami is so unapologetic.
Sami met a group of crazy-ass people.
Sami was in the house.
Sami said he was sixteen at the time.
Sami will tell your mama.
Sami sipped some wine.
Sami was just listening to me.
Layla was doing her makeup while she was watching this.
Sami was at the art institute.
Sami was living a party lifestyle.
Sami's classes are hard as fuck.
Sami took regular college classes.
Sami is going back to college.
Sami has been to college before.
Sami had to be there.
Sami had six classes in the week.
Sami never socialized with his co-workers.
Sami is very familiar with Layla's stories.
Sami was hanging out with punks.
Sami doesn't know who Layla is.
Layla is a socialite.
Sami is a very friendly person.
Sami is a very likeable person.
Sami has a gas station right next to his neighborhood.
Sami went to that gas station.
Sami and Layla ended up binding with each other.
Sami likes Layla's name.
Sami met Layla at a gas station.
Mennad had his mom drop him off at Baya's house.
Sami goes with Layla.
Sami was going to Layla's house.
Sami's mom dropped him off at Layla's house.
Sami found a car there.
Sami was around my age.
Sami is my friend.
Sami is super cool.
Sami was in this car.
Sami is Farid's best friend.
Sami wanted to know Layla's zodiac sign.
Sami is a Gemini.
Sami and Layla were both Pisces.
Sami lives in that house.
Sami has his own room.
Sami and Layla had their own room.
Sami had a three-bedroom house.
Sami's girlfriend was pregnant.
Sami stayed in the room and did drugs.
Sami slept on the couch.
Sami keeps to himself.
Sami works outside.
Sami is going to have some company over.
Sami is in my room.
Sami was doing drugs in Layla's room.
Sami was attractive.
Sami was tall.
Sami was Egyptian.
Sami is from African descent.
Sami had tattoos.
Sami sold African tapestries.
Sami had a bathroom in his room.
Sami's bathroom was clean.
Sami loved Layla's personality.
Sami was trying to talk to Layla.
Sami thought Layla was attractive.
Sami was very slow.
Sami and Layla just wanted to talk.
Sami was on the patio.
Sami was smoking on the patio.
Sami is going to the art institute.
Sami was in college then.
Sami wanted to be a psychologist.
Sami was very good at dissecting people's heads and he wanted to be a psychologist.
Sami's mom wasn't around when he was growing up.
Layla always goes after men that don't want her.
Sami went after women that didn't want him.
Sami is smoking weed.
Sami was just talking.
Sami left to go do something.
Sami and Layla left, too.
Sami thinks that Layla likes you.
Sami hated Layla from day one.
Sami went over there without me.
Sami lives in the sixth bedroom.
Sami wasn't there either.
Sami sleeps on the couch.
Sami was playing rap music.
Sami hates rap music.
Mennad answered the door and let us in the house.
Sami never talks unless you talk to him.
Sami has been there for five or six months.
Sami's daughter is pregnant.
Sami went into their room.
Sami's room is the complete opposite of Layla's room.
Sami's sheets looked dirty.
Sami's sheets smelt.
Sami didn't want to sit on anything in Layla's room.
Sami is a germophobe.
Sami didn't sit on Layla's bed.
Sami's bed looked dirty.
Sami does this with Layla.
Sami has been doing something in here.
Sami doesn't do drugs.
Sami did drugs when he was younger.
Sami doesn't do drugs anymore.
Sami does drugs.
Sami is right.
Sami was probably right.
Sami snapped on Layla.
Sami was wasting Layla's money.
Sami was wasting Layla's time.
Sami can't have any fucking friends.
Sami reminded me of his father.
Sami and Layla were done.
Sami fucked with Layla, too.
Sami had a master bedroom.
Sami and Layla started arguing.
Sami hid the drugs under his bed.
Sami and Layla were partying so much.
Sami is gonna have to move.
Sami's neighbors are bitches.
Sami is going to move.
Sami is going to have to move.
Sami was drinking a little bit.
Sami was touching Layla up.
Layla moved Sami's hand every time he tried to touch her up.
Sami tried to touch Layla up.
Sami wasn't aggressive.
Sami told Layla that he liked her.
Sami is biracial.
Sami has big hair.
Sami fantasized on Layla.
Sami loves Layla's eyes.
Sami is very communicative.
Sami has feelings for Layla.
Sami doesn't feel comfortable cheating.
Sami didn't want to cheat on his girlfriend.
Sami still had hope that things were going to work out between him and Layla.
Sami said that drugs weren't really his thing.
Sami told Layla that cheating wasn't really his thing.
Sami told me that partying wasn't really his thing.
Sami was partying with other girls.
Sami was on hallucinogens.
Sami knows what it's called.
Sami knows what this bird is called. Let's ask him.
Sami was talking a lot.
Sami was playing his guitar for Layla.
Sami hasn't played the guitar for a very long time.
Sami's friend passed away.
Sami still has his guitar.
Sami taught Layla how to play the guitar.
Sami is giving Layla a week to leave.
Sami ruined Layla's apartment.
Sami passed out drunk in the front yard.
Sami was renting rooms.
Mennad rented apartments.
Sami was shopping for houses in Cairo.
Sami was pissed, too.
Sami didn't participate in a lot of parties.
Sami and Farid were best friends.
Sami is going to get the fuck out in a week.
Sami is going to get out in a week.
Sami is going to another state with Layla.
Sami was going to Egypt with Layla.
Sami did like Layla.
Sami had to get out.
Sami went over to Layla's house.
Sami didn't leave early.
Sami slept in his car.
Sami didn't have anywhere to go.
Sami's car smells.
Sami's car is very dirty.
Sami and Layla smoked weed and drank as usual.
Sami isn't going to lose the house.
Sami doesn't remember who picked him up.
Sami is not really sure.
Sami isn't really sure.
Sami was never allowed in the house.
Sami never interacted with anybody.
Sami said he would be right back.
Sami and Layla had sex last night.
Sami said he and Layla had sex that night.
Sami wondered how even that ended up happening.
Sami wanted to be intimate with Layla.
Sami left Cairo.
Sami didn't want to cheat.
Sami was interested in Layla but his morals told him not to cheat on Salima.
Sami is skinny.
Sami was skinny at the time.
Layla had a nice ass.
Sami would never give Layla attention.
Sami was so skinny.
Sami was just not attracted to Layla sexually.
Sami is done smoking.
Sami feels insecure.
Sami is not the landlord.
Sami isn't the landlord.
Sami wanted Layla to know that he knew.
Sami wanted Layla to know that.
Sami got Layla fucked up.
Sami took Layla to the garage.
Sami and Layla can keep in touch on Facebook.
Sami really hates Layla.
Sami cheated on Layla with his ex.
Sami wrote the movie script.
Sami held my shoulders.
Sami pushed Layla in her chest so hard that she stumbled back like ten steps.
Sami knows Layla has a boyfriend.
Sami fucked Layla's friend yesterday.
Sami isn't trying to cheat.
Sami was very proud of Layla.
Sami and Layla went their different ways.
Sami and Layla were fucking insane.
Sami's memory card got full.
Sami and Layla didn't want to break up.
Sami smashed a girl that Farid had smashed the night before.
Sami had no regrets about that whole experience.
Sami knows this bitch.
Sami was trying to be nice to Layla.
Sami was loud.
Sami watched the video to the end.
Sami was my first roommate.
Sami is an easy-going roommate.
Sami works with Layla.
Sami is going to think that Layla is insane.
Sami's car was out.
Sami was taking Ubers every day.
Sami requested an Uber.
Sami was my Uber driver.
Sami didn't want to sit next to Layla.
Sami was trying to spark a conversation with Layla.
Sami asked Layla really weird questions.
Sami had a good job.
Sami's camera is dying.
Sami noticed that his camera was dying.
Sami and Layla are walking together.
Layla was a real bitch.
Sami and Layla still lived in that apartment.
Sami lived down the street from us.
Sami and Layla loved to walk together.
Sami and Layla were walking down the street.
Sami looked over and saw Layla.
Sami wanted to buy some weed.
Sami was crazy as hell.
Sami will drive Layla.
Sami will drive Layla there.
Sami can check my phone if he wants.
Sami got in the car with Layla.
Sami doesn't need a ride.
Sami gave Layla his telephone number.
Sami wasn't dependent on Layla to give him a ride.
Sami was paying the rent of the apartment by himself.
Sami's dog shit on my carpet.
Sami had six bedrooms.
Sami had two master bedrooms.
Sami has been doing this for six months.
Sami needs his own car.
Sami has his own car.
Sami wanted to invite Layla to his apartment.
Sami was hanging out wit Layla a lot in his apartment.
Sami wants us to stay.
Sami has an extra room and an extra bathroom.
Sami is gonna need this apartment six months from now.
Sami is going to need this apartment six months from now.
Sami is moving with Layla.
Sami let Layla live here.
Sami would hang out with Layla from time to time.
Sami messaged Layla from time to time.
Sami would message Layla every day.
Sami brought Layla food at work.
Sami bought Layla weed.
Sami wanted something in return.
Sami wanted something from Layla in return.
Sami had feelings for Layla.
Sami has feelings for Layla and she doesn't like that.
Sami wants something in return from Layla and she doesn't like that.
Sami just gave in.
Sami wanted to move in with Layla.
Sami was ready to move.
Sami does have one condition.
Sami and Layla had a financial relationship.
Sami didn't want his relationship with Layla to be intimate.
Sami was pretty cool.
Sami said that was completely fine.
Sami is six years Layla's senior.
Sami got mad at Layla when she told him this story.
Sami exposed Layla on YouTube.
Sami moved in that night.
Sami was talking to a lot of people.
Sami has strong feelings for Layla.
Sami cooked Layla a full-course meal.
Sami is Egyptian.
Sami ate macaroni and cheese.
Sami loves Jamaican soda.
Sami was trying to cheer Layla up.
Sami is a cook.
Sami ate the food.
Sami doesn't even know her.
Sami found this kind of weird.
Sami got a call from Layla.
Sami was just so happy.
Sami knew about Layla.
Sami will tell you whatever you need to know.
Sami's whole demeanor changed.
Sami was extatic.
Sami waited maybe like a week or two before he moved out.
Sami introduced Layla and Farid to each other.
Sami took his car to the dealership.
Sami didn't introduce Layla to Salima.
Sami forgot to introduce Layla to Salima.
Sami could make friends with a fucking rock.
Sami and Layla got along very well.
Sami and Layla lived with each other.
Sami and Layla don't live together.
Sami and Layla were polite with each other.
Sami told Layla about the whole thing with Salima.
Sami told Layla about the situation with Salima.
Sami lives with two different girlfriends.
Sami works for a church organization.
Sami really needs to do this.
Sami joined Layla's church.
Sami is going to the military.
Sami took care of us.
Sami's story sounds familiar.
Sami had to leave the organization.
Sami was really cool.
Sami was giving the money to Layla.
Sami spent the money on strippers, liquors, and weed.
Sami paid rent.
Sami married Layla's sister.
Sami wanted to arrange a marriage between his daughter and Farid's son.
Sami noticed Layla's sister.
Sami doesn't even know how to say it.
Sami didn't want to disrespect anybody's religion.
Sami wanted Layla to believe this.
Sami would do that a lot.
Sami didn't talk to anybody.
Sami told me all that story.
Sami brought that news to us.
Sami and Layla have been living together for six months.
Sami didn't have enough money for rent.
Sami was selling weed.
Sami was doing Uber.
Sami had weed brownies.
Sami had weed cookies.
Sami had weed cookies in his room.
Sami did cocaine.
Sami found this confusing.
Sami took notes.
Sami was taking notes.
Sami's story doesn't make sense.
Sami was just taking notes.
Sami is paying his bills.
Sami and Layla were hanging out.
Sami gave Layla weed cookies.
Sami ate some weed brownies.
Sami was trying to copy Farid.
Sami charged his camera.
Sami wanted to make music.
Sami didn't know that Layla was a rapper.
Sami found this very interesting.
Sami wanted to get Layla's attention.
Layla doesn't like submissive guys.
Sami was a very doormat type of guy.
Sami was getting a new interest in music.
Sami's video was super long.
Sami kept doing the same thing.
Sami didn't have a regular job.
Sami didn't sell weed.
Sami had a lunch break.
Sami came home for lunch break.
Sami doesn't smoke anymore.
Sami ate six weed cookies.
Sami and Layla started smoking.
Sami started smoking weed.
Sami's lunch break was over.
Sami gave Layla some weed.
Sami is going back to work.
Sami called Layla immediately after.
Sami needs Layla right now.
Sami is moving out.
Sami was moving out that night.
Sami was sitting here on the couch.
Sami can't stand to see Layla like this.
Sami didn't know that Layla was going to be here.
Sami has got some money in his savings.
Sami did leave.
Sami and Layla left six weeks later.
Sami doesn't have to listen to this.
Sami was talking about something else.
Sami sold Layla his car.
Sami knew this was a lie.
Sami was a financial burden.
Sami was going to renew the lease.
Sami moved out before the lease was over.
I hate the Algerian authority.
You hate the Algerian authority.
He hates the Algerian authority.
She hates the Algerian authority.
We hate the Algerian authority.
They hate the Algerian authority.
Hate the Algerian authority.
Like your Kabyle language.
I like my Kabyle language.
You like your Kabyle language.
He likes his Kabyle language.
She likes his Kabyle language.
We like our Kabyle language.
They like their Kabyle language.
Sami can't persuade Layla otherwise.
Sami has a lot of money.
Sami kept trying to hit me back.
Sami's friend move in.
Sami was a really awesome roommate.
Sami was a good roommate.
Sami's video is very hard to edit.
Sami hasn't subscribed yet.
Sami has already subscribed to Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami owes Layla rent.
Sami always helps Layla.
"What's your passion?" "Translating video games."
Sami leaned in to kiss Layla.
Don't talk behind my back.
We opened the box.
I collected postage stamps.
We know it was our duty.
That's your slave, right?
Sami was not going to survive anyway.
Mary kept a low profile.
Mary lay low.
Fuck the system.
She started to sing.
You should have at least told Tom and Mary that they didn't need to do that anymore.
If only it were that simple.
Tom hid under the covers.
Mary hid herself under the covers.
I saw something strange.
Tom stepped closer to Mary.
He stepped closer to her.
It's not at all the same thing.
No one is going to judge you.
Tom said that he'd leave the door open.
You didn't take your medicine.
Tom didn't take his medicine.
Nobody's going to judge you.
No one's going to judge you.
Tom hid himself under the covers.
Tom hid himself in the closet.
You should've at least told Tom and Mary that they didn't need to do that anymore.
You should've at least told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that anymore.
I think I'm pretty reliable.
I think that I'm pretty reliable.
I'm pretty sure that's going to happen.
I'm pretty sure that that's going to happen.
Tom is pretty nosy.
Tom is pretty nosey.
I'm afraid that'll happen.
I'm afraid that that'll happen.
I'm afraid that Tom will do that.
I didn't hear anyone yelling.
I didn't hear anybody yelling.
I didn't hear anyone singing.
I didn't hear anybody singing.
I didn't hear anyone talking.
I didn't hear anybody talking.
I didn't hear anyone screaming.
I didn't hear anybody screaming.
I didn't hear anyone tap dancing.
I didn't hear anybody tap dancing.
I didn't hear anyone playing the guitar.
I didn't hear anybody playing the guitar.
I'm still worried that might happen.
I'm still worried that that might happen.
I don't think that's acceptable.
I don't think that that's acceptable.
I think that's acceptable.
I think that that's acceptable.
Doing that will likely not be as easy as you think it'll be.
We're going to Boston with Tom and Mary.
Sometimes things don't work out the way you expect them to.
Tom is afraid to go home, isn't he?
Doing that will likely not be as fun as you think it'll be.
I'm going to Boston next week to see Tom.
This year, I'm going to Australia instead of New Zealand.
Tom wanted to stay home by himself.
I've been thinking about breaking up with my girlfriend.
I'm very happy with the way Tom did that.
Do you still remember what you and I did that Halloween?
Mary is tall and thin.
This file is corrupted.
Tom is grouchy.
Tom has a girl back home.
I think we've been going in circles.
Tom rode his bike around in circles.
It's not me who told him.
Where is Ouagadougou located?
It has been a long time since they last saw each other.
Is what you're doing difficult to do?
Is the work that you're doing difficult?
Is the work you're doing difficult?
Is your job difficult?
Is what you're doing difficult?
Sami did a survey on Facebook.
Sami follows Layla on Twitter.
Sami noticed an affair at his job.
Sami got tied into the affair going on between Layla and Farid.
Sami made a minute video.
Sami was a server.
Sami used to work at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami was an illegal immigrant.
Sami worked at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami was a legal citizen.
Sami was older than me, too.
Sami was really mature.
Sami and Layla got along really well.
Sami liked this co-worker.
Sami helped training Layla.
Sami kept calling Layla "Salima."
Sami called her Layla.
Sami got hired.
Sami and Layla did really weird and flirty shit together.
Sami was funny.
Sami was a little bit more Americanized than his brother.
Sami was funny but he was an asshole, too.
Sami was pretty much arrogant.
Sami treated Layla like a slave.
Sami took advantage of the illegal migrants.
Sami needs this for school.
Sami loved control.
Sami was pimping out his workers because their were illegal immigrants.
Sami is attracted to Layla.
Sami wasn't cute at all.
Sami got a little bit more flirty.
Sami didn't care who was listening or watching.
Sami's wife worked with us in the restaurant.
Sami doesn't remember where Layla was from.
Sami's wife is Egyptian.
Sami had a wife.
Sami cooked all the food.
Sami runs the restaurant.
Sami was fucking nasty.
Sami wondered where that giggling was coming from.
Sami was fucking Layla in the kitchen.
Sami looks like a squash.
Sami walked out of the kitchen.
Sami walked up to me and started yelling at me.
Sami went into the bathroom.
Sami went into the bathroom with Layla.
Sami's restaurant was full of angry people.
Sami was helping us.
Sami needs to go to his car to get something.
Sami fucked Layla in his car.
Sami doesn't want to get involved.
Sami was just smiling.
Sami was smiling in Layla's face.
Sami didn't say anything about that.
Sami installed cameras in his restaurant.
Sami didn't really use the camera.
Sami came at the beginning of the dinner shift.
Sami has a wife.
Layla was gorgeous.
Layla looked like a Bollywood actress.
Layla was so gorgeous.
Sami was looking fine.
Sami pulled up the car.
Sami walked into the restaurant.
Sami ran from the back of the room to close the door.
Sami shouldn't talk about this in front of the kids.
Sami was just standing there.
Sami is in the wrong.
Sami is married to Layla.
Sami and Layla have kids.
Sami had a family.
Sami got fired that night.
Sami came to the restaurant.
Sami was happy as hell.
Sami had a girlfriend, too.
Sami cale here with his girlfriend.
Sami shaked Layla's hand.
Sami was flirting with Layla in front of Salima.
Sami is retarded.
Sami is still trying to talk to Layla.
Sami doesn't want his family to judge him.
Sami got kidnapped.
Sami got kidnapped and killed.
Sami could get killed.
Sami helps us a lot.
Layla had a sugar daddy.
Sami is tyring to remember.
Sami hasn't made a video in a long time.
Sami had a big group of acquaintances.
Sami's nose is running.
Sami and Layla were partying a lot.
Sami passed away at a young age.
Sami had a little group of friends.
Sami was a Gemini.
Sami is very sneaky.
Sami is tired of that.
Sami put Layla in a very bad situation.
Sami can't do it.
Sami kept reminiscing about the good times.
Sami doesn't like holding grudges.
Layla has never had a sugar daddy before.
Sami had sex with Layla.
Sami asked Layla where she met that guy.
Sami showed Layla some pictures of him and his children.
Sami doesn't know.
Sami does not know.
Sami was living a whole different life.
Sami was sitting at the park.
Sami does that.
Sami does this.
Sami and Layla were on the swings.
Sami stopped swinging.
Sami's name is really unique.
Sami gave Layla a nickname.
Sami was young.
Sami rolled the window down.
Sami was very social.
Sami doesn't even know this man.
Sami sat in the front with Layla.
Sami sat in the back seat.
Sami's son has cute hair.
Sami left the neighborhood.
Sami looked really sketchy.
Sami looks sketchy as fuck.
Sami was driving the car.
Sami was really jittery.
Sami noticed that we were a little bit uneasy because of his behavior.
Sami just drank his wine.
Sami was drinking wine.
Sami has been completely sober from everything.
Sami quit doing drugs.
Sami got Layla some weed.
Sami didn't know what Layla was giving him.
Sami smoked some weed.
Sami started getting real jittery.
Sami is driving.
Sami came to the back seat.
Sami was in the middle seat.
Sami didn't want Layla to know what we were talking about.
Sami just wanted to talk and talk and talk.
Sami doesn't want to hang out with Layla.
Sami always gets us in bad situations.
Sami left Layla with a strange man.
Sami is in the back seat.
Sami couldn't take it anymore.
Sami never listens to anybody.
Sami asked Layla to stop the car.
Sami doesn't know what type of drug Layla is on.
Sami passed the stop line.
Sami's son was scared.
Sami is irritated as fuck.
Sami needed a ride.
Sami doesn't have to be here.
Sami wanted us to leave.
Sami can leave.
Sami passed out at the wheel.
Sami sat in the car.
Sami was in the front yard.
Sami was talking to them.
Sami was high.
Sami came out of the house pissed.
Sami is taking care of the kids tonight.
Sami knows nothing about sex.
Sami sells trucks.
Sami doesn't trust anybody.
Sami showed Layla the money.
Sami spend a lot of money on Layla.
Sami was paying Layla.
Sami bought Layla all those things.
Sami was dating a girl.
Sami got back in the car.
Sami and Layla are going to have such a good night.
Sami was underage.
Sami can see Layla.
Sami went to the gas station.
Sami was eating with a baby spoon.
Sami's movements were sporadic.
Sami got drugs in his car.
Sami is irresponsible as shit.
Sami offered Layla some weed and she took it.
Sami has a huge bathroom.
Sami was going to the bathroom.
Sami needs to make a phone call.
Sami was taking pictures.
Sami drove Layla back home.
Sami isn't even worried about Layla.
Sami tried to take advantage of Layla.
Sami wasn't that old.
Sami will never guess what happened.
Sami let the phone ring.
Sami bought Layla a new bathing suit.
Sami hung up the phone immediately.
Sami was trying to mend this shit.
Sami called room service.
Sami had problems.
Sami's phone is ringing again.
Sami has to clean up his mess.
Sami's wife called.
Sami just called me from this phone number.
Sami used Layla's phone.
Sami left Layla some drugs to do when he was gone.
Sami and Layla were yelling at each other.
Sami got back in the hotel.
Sami and Layla are not friends today.
Sami and Layla aren't friends today.
Sami was lying on the bed.
Sami left in ten minutes.
Sami and Layla kept doing drugs.
Sami went on a walk with Layla.
Sami could see Layla from the balcony.
Sami sat in the room, smoking weed.
Sami wanted to smash Layla.
Sami and Layla had sex consensually.
Sami was on one bed and Layla was on another bed.
Sami couldn't sleep.
Sami is going to sleep.
Sami drove us home.
Sami never hung out with Layla again.
Sami went to a tattoo parlor.
Sami looked at me like I was a ghost.
Sami had a lot of cocaine.
Sami was scary.
Sami was pretty scary.
Sami shouldn't do things like that.
Sami might kill Layla.
Sami's story was funny.
Sami likes this story.
Sami needs his glasses.
Sami loves these glasses.
Sami is new here.
Sami is disturbing us.
Layla put up some lipstick.
Sami worked at a nightclub.
Sami worked at a nightclub at a very young age.
Layla had a really creepy boss.
Sami liked the job.
Sami's job wasn't paying the bills.
Sami worked twice a week.
Sami had to pay two bills.
Sami paid his cellphone bill.
Sami has started looking for a job.
Sami applied for the job.
Sami applied for that job.
Sami turned sixteen that same year.
Sami dismembered the hookah and put it back together.
Sami got a response immediately.
Sami was a full-time student.
Sami had two classes on Friday.
Sami's classes were four to five hours long.
Sami got his Bachelor's degree in 2006.
Sami walked into the nightclub.
Sami left the club at midnight.
Sami was a bartender.
Sami went to the club at six p.m. and left at midnight.
Sami's mom is Egyptian and his father is Canadian.
Sami and Layla are both Egyptian.
Sami knows now.
Sami didn't have any experience with this.
Sami gave Layla some cash.
Sami hired Layla.
Sami has never been a server in his life.
Sami is broke.
Sami was broke.
Sami hired Layla as a server.
Sami showed up at six.
Sami and Layla were sitting there.
Sami was very Caucasian.
Sami looked around my ass.
Layla was petite.
Sami showed up a little bit later.
Sami is really cool.
Sami is working tonight.
Sami was an experienced server.
Sami was paired with an experienced server to work with.
Sami looked about my age at the time.
Sami has heard that before.
Sami wore black pants and a black shirt.
Sami is wearing a blue dress.
Sami showed Layla the ropes.
Sami finds this really weird.
Sami started talking to that girl.
Sami used to work at a nightclub.
Sami was talking to a Caucasian girl.
Sami shouldn't have been there.
Sami helped Layla bring food.
Sami wrote the order down.
Sami worked as a server for other restaurant.
Sami found this very confusing.
Sami was at the table.
Sami had his wife there.
Sami didn't want to say his mom's age.
Sami is older than Layla.
Sami was in the VIP lounge, drinking.
Sami served by himself.
Sami was leaving to his car.
Sami doesn't need this shit.
Sami has just left work.
Sami told Layla the name of the club he worked at and she got quiet.
Sami said that that club wasn't safe.
Sami goes to the club all the time.
Sami is a server.
Sami didn't drink anything.
Sami didn't even work there.
Layla tried to dress cute.
Sami was very professional.
Sami wore blue pants.
Sami was very nervous.
Sami doesn't know what to expect.
Sami thought everything was fine.
Sami ate French fries.
Sami ordered French fries, wings, and oysters.
Sami ordered a drink.
Sami doesn't like oysters.
Sami just had too much responsibility.
Sami was mad at me.
Layla was super sweet.
Layla was being a bitch to me for the whole fucking night.
Sami was sweet as hell.
Sami put some gas in his car and went home.
Sami took his ass to bed.
Sami could still hear the music from the club in his ears.
Sami's club was closed on Wednesdays.
Sami had class on Tuesdays and Fridays.
Sami showed up on Saturday.
Sami started to work that night.
Sami found that super stressful.
Sami smoked hookah.
Sami noticed that.
Sami and Layla are hanging out.
Sami and Layla are dancing.
Sami came over and he looked pissed off.
Sami started smoking hookah.
Sami needs to stop smoking.
Sami wanted to hide in the closet.
Sami called Layla aside and asked her a few questions.
Sami wasn't even upset.
Sami was not even upset.
Sami gave the server a tip.
Sami left the server a tip.
Sami wasn't being paid anything other than tips.
Sami never touched Layla's money.
Sami was looking for a server job.
Sami could actually be good at this.
Sami is good at customer service.
Sami got hired in no time.
Sami got hired at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami is supposed to be training Layla.
Sami was stealing.
Sami showed up in his uniform.
Sami burned a dollar bill.
Sami was so right.
Sami was glad that he got fired.
Sami shot a new video.
Sami is shooting a video.
Sami looks crazy.
Sami said that his job was stealing money from him.
Sami was stealing money from Layla.
Sami wasn't a child.
Sami promised this to Layla.
Sami works for an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami's manager was a dick.
Sami was smashing female employees in his office.
Sami was always firing and hiring employees.
Sami has many stories about this.
Sami worked at a frozen yoghurt shop.
Sami wasn't very friendly.
Sami's manager was very cool.
Sami knew that Layla was a first-timer.
Sami helped Layla a lot.
Sami got his check.
Sami borrows money from Layla.
Sami got a raise.
Sami got his raise.
Sami kept all his tips.
Sami paid Layla in cash.
Sami was Layla's first boss.
I don't thinks what Tom did was easy.
I don't think that what Tom did was easy.
I don't think doing that will be easy.
I don't think that doing that will be easy.
There isn't any reason to panic.
I'm happy I'm not the boss.
I'm happy that I'm not the boss.
I believe that's too much.
I believe that that's too much.
I don't know if anyone did that or not.
I don't know if anybody did that or not.
I don't know if Tom did that or not.
I don't know whether anyone did that or not.
I don't know whether anybody did that or not.
I know someone who does that.
I know somebody who does that.
I know that that's not the case.
I know that isn't the case.
I know that's not the case.
I know that that isn't the case.
I hope that that's not the case.
I hope that isn't the case.
I hope that that isn't the case.
I'm certain that that's not the case.
I'm certain that isn't the case.
I'm certain that's not the case.
I'm certain that that isn't the case.
I'm almost certain that that's not the case.
I'm almost certain that isn't the case.
I'm almost certain that's not the case.
I'm almost certain that that isn't the case.
I'm fairly certain that that's not the case.
I'm fairly certain that isn't the case.
I'm fairly certain that's not the case.
I'm fairly certain that that isn't the case.
I'm pretty sure that that's not the case.
I'm pretty sure that isn't the case.
I'm pretty sure that's not the case.
I'm pretty sure that that isn't the case.
I have a long list of things Tom wants me to buy for him.
I have a long list of things that Tom wants me to buy for him.
I know I should eat better.
I know that I should eat better.
I never got to tell Tom I loved him.
I'm sure Tom would like to go.
I'm sure that Tom would like to go.
I'm sure Tom would like to do that.
I'm sure that Tom would like to do that.
I'm sure Tom that would do that if you asked him.
I'm sure Tom would do that if you asked him to.
I'm sure Tom would do that if you asked him.
I'm sure Tom that would do that if you asked him to.
I believe I have seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe that I have seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe I have seen the document you're talking about.
I ended up doing something I wish I hadn't done.
I ended up doing something that I wish I hadn't done.
I'm glad that I was wrong.
I'm glad what Tom said was going to happen didn't happen.
I'm glad that what Tom said was going to happen didn't happen.
I'm very glad I did this.
I'm very glad that I did this.
I'm very glad I did that.
I can assure you I'm not going to do that.
I can assure you that I'm not going to do that.
I can assure you that that's not going to happen.
I can assure you that that isn't going to happen.
I can assure you that's not going to happen.
I can assure you that isn't going to happen.
I do think that there still is a chance that that'll happen.
I do think that there still is a chance that'll happen.
I think that there still is a chance that that'll happen.
I think there's still a chance that that'll happen.
I think there's still a chance that'll happen.
I think that there still is a chance that'll happen.
I think there still is a chance that that'll happen.
I think that there's still a chance that that'll happen.
I think that there's still a chance that'll happen.
I really like the way Tom does that.
I really like the way that Tom does that.
I really like the way Tom plays the piano.
I really like the way that Tom plays the piano.
Tom is ahead of schedule, isn't he?
I might not be able to go to Boston with you next week.
I've never even spoken to Tom about that.
Don't forget to put the milk back in the refrigerator.
Tom wouldn't comment on that issue.
How many people are you expecting to be at the picnic?
Is it true Tom used to be your boyfriend?
You don't have the slightest idea what to do, do you?
Tom is almost thirty now, isn't he?
Do you have any idea what we're supposed to be doing?
Is it true you used to be married to Tom?
This is the only place where I've ever felt at home.
This is the only place that I've ever felt at home.
This is the only place I've ever felt at home.
Tom wouldn't elaborate any further.
Teachers should be very patient with their students.
It took Tom three hours to get to Boston.
I've got to be back home by 2:tomorrow afternoon.
Tom is alone in his room, isn't he?
I don't like playing soccer, but I like watching it.
It would be good if you did that for Tom.
How'd you like to go to Boston with us next weekend?
Tom said he was here to stay.
Tom said that he was here to stay.
It's a risk Tom and I are prepared to take.
It's possible we won't be able to do that.
It's possible that we won't be able to do that.
Tom wouldn't give any more details.
Three police officers were injured in the shootout.
Tom and Mary do a lot of things together.
This year, I'm going to Boston instead of Chicago.
Tom is always doing that, isn't he?
The entrance is on the other side of the building.
What color tie was Tom wearing yesterday?
What color tie did Tom wear yesterday?
Tom couldn't see where he was going.
I need to be in Boston by the first of next month.
I don't have the time or the money to take a trip.
Tom is always in a hurry, isn't he?
The clock in the classroom is three minutes fast.
Is it true Tom used to be married to Mary?
Tom did that better than I expected.
I've been wondering whether or not I can do that.
I wonder why Tom isn't planning to do that.
You don't have any idea what to do, do you?
Tom is an excellent cook, isn't he?
I can't help but wonder if that really happened.
Tom didn't know why Mary was crying.
How many people are you expecting at your party?
Tom is a very temperamental guy.
How many Christmas cards did you send last year?
Tom is arriving tomorrow, isn't he?
We've been together for almost three years now.
We're giving Tom an opportunity to do that.
The person who used to do that for me has died.
Tom got Mary to cook dinner for him.
Overconfidence will betray you.
Everyone likes vuvuzelas!
Sami went to work at that club.
Sami was paid cash.
Sami worked at a boutique.
Sami was paid under the table.
Sami had a dirty house.
Sami used to do that when he was in college.
Sami paid me under the table as well.
Sami was working for an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami made Layla feel that.
Sami did that for Layla.
Sami still thinks about it.
Sami wasn't a US citizen.
Sami couldn't get a normal job.
Sami could not get a normal job.
Sami couldn't get a normal job because he wasn't a US citizen.
Sami got his student visa.
Sami had a student visa.
Sami was studying in Egypt.
Sami studied and worked.
Sami studies and works.
Sami was on a student visa.
Sami couldn't get a good job because he couldn't get citizenship.
Sami was paid.
Sami was getting paid cash.
Sami has a student visa.
Sami is an Egyptian student.
Layla was a white girl.
Sami got four paychecks a month.
Sami got a tip check.
Sami handed the check to Layla.
Sami handed the cash to Layla.
Sami handed the money to Layla.
Sami was so trusting.
Sami filled the form out.
Sami gave Layla a pay stub.
Sami paid his taxes.
Sami took financial algebra in high school.
Sami was a banker.
Sami had math that afternoon.
Sami made a lot of money.
Sami clocked out at six.
Sami noticed that his paycheck was short.
Sami wondered why his paychecks were short.
Sami traveled with his family.
Sami makes a lot of money.
Sami didn't even look at the check.
Sami is a manager at McDonald's.
Sami has to pay the bills.
Sami paid some extra money.
Sami paid Layla's rent.
Sami's checks weren't adding up.
Sami noticed that his checks weren't adding up.
Sami was already a manager at McDonald's.
Sami did whatever he wanted to do.
Sami had to go to school.
Sami wasn't helping me.
Sami had to pay his car insurance.
Sami let Layla sleep in his house.
Sami had to pay his own bills.
Sami had to put gas in his car.
Sami had two jobs.
Sami was doing a cleaning job.
Sami and Layla were servers.
Sami was making six dollars an hour.
Sami kept track of the tips his servers were making.
Sami taxed the tips of his servers.
Sami was on his own.
Sami needed to find a place to rent.
Sami has a second job.
Sami has another job.
Sami is writing a check.
Sami needed an apartment.
Sami needed his own apartment.
Sami doesn't come on weekends.
Sami never comes on weekends.
Sami filmed the video in his room.
Sami knew something was fishy.
Sami kept brushing Layla off.
Sami's boss was a dick.
Sami told his mom about this.
Sami doesn't know what he's doing here.
Sami asked his boss to give him his pay stubs.
Sami changed the way he was treating Layla.
Sami would ignore Layla.
Sami is completely ignoring Layla.
Sami needed those paystubs.
Sami gave Layla her paystubs.
Sami got paid four times per month.
Sami doesn't like Americans working here. He prefers to hire illegal immigrants.
Sami asked Layla to pay him in cash.
Sami did his usual job.
Sami got his tips.
Sami's payday is on Saturday.
Sami came on Saturday to take his check.
Sami came on his payday.
Sami came to collect his check.
Sami didn't have control over his anger.
Sami was angry at the world.
Sami doesn't know how he survived in customer service.
Sami's check will be ready tomorrow.
Sami will be back on Satuday.
Sami and Layla quit.
Sami is Layla's type.
Sami likes black girls.
Sami is here to pick up his check.
Sami is here to collect his paycheck.
Sami didn't say anything about this.
Sami gave Layla her paycheck.
Sami came to collect his paycheck.
Sami obviously doesn't like you.
Sami gave the check to Layla.
Sami opened the envelope and took out the check.
Sami made six hundred dollars in six hours.
Sami earns a lot of money.
Sami made sixty dollars that night.
Sami gave me sixteen dollars on a check.
Sami asked for cash.
Sami blasted out laughing.
Sami ripped the check up in Layla's face.
Sami has been talking about this.
Sami was being agressive.
Sami left at six.
Sami works for McDonald's.
Sami is wearing his favorite t-shirt.
Sami is in the process of moving again.
Sami saw Layla in the same outfit in several videos.
Sami saw Layla in that outfit again.
Sami just said no.
Sami really wants to see this.
Sami was just thinking to himself.
Sami could go to jail.
Sami snitched on himself in a YouTube video.
Sami should wait.
Sami is not familiar with their prices.
Sami isn't familiar with their prices.
Sami was cracking his fingers.
Sami is Capricorn.
Sami and Farid shared a mutual ex.
Sami and Layla aren't a good mix.
Sami and Layla were dating.
Sami and Layla hit the year mark.
Sami went to pick Layla up.
Layla is Sami's bitch.
Sami is a Cairo native.
Sami picked Layla up from that bus station.
Sami was on the phone with Layla and he could hear Farid in the background.
Sami was so fed up.
Sami needs to come back.
Sami was standing at the door of the trailer.
Sami came back up here again.
Sami is going to fight Farid.
Sami is going to fight with Farid.
Sami is not going to argue with Layla.
Sami wants Layla to hear.
Sami is really intimidated by Farid.
Sami is not a cab driver.
Sami isn't going to call you.
Sami is not going to call you.
Sami walked away from the situation.
Sami doesn't have to be in contact with Layla.
Layla is one of those girls who, when theyn say "no", they mean "yes."
Sami lived in a nearby state.
Sami moved to a nearby state.
Sami and Layla's relationship sucks.
Sami drove his ass all the way down to Toronto.
Layla was very flirtatious.
Sami wanted to persuade Layla.
Sami was trying to persuade Layla.
Sami and Layla had a very toxic relationship.
Layla was a crazy girl.
Sami asked Layla advice.
Sami and Layla got back together.
Sami knows what Layla is going to do next week.
Sami and Layla were fighting in the backyard.
Sami knows all this stuff.
Sami knows this neighborhood like the back of his hand.
Sami waited until Layla left.
Sami stayed here for like months.
Sami was going to leave.
Sami got a call late at night.
Sami was tired of it.
Sami is not in a relationship with you.
Sami needed Layla to pick him up.
Sami didn't hear from Layla for the rest of that night.
Sami no longer smokes weed.
Sami doesn't smoke weed.
Sami told Layla that he didn't smoke weed.
Sami sells weed.
Sami's door was kicked in off its hinges.
Sami already knew that this had something to do with Layla.
Sami bought a pizza.
Sami was in the room fucking Layla.
Sami was trapped.
Sami was walking.
Sami knew I was lying.
Sami has really pissed off the wrong guy.
Sami doesn't feel right.
Sami treats his YouTube channel like a diary.
Sami likes his family.
Sami and Layla are my friends.
Sami talked about domestic violence.
Sami is helping people.
Sami didn't stop making that noise.
Sami was protecting Layla.
Sami started remembering stuff years later.
Sami doesn't feel completely comfortable talking about those memories.
Sami isn't going to cry.
Sami didn't cry.
Sami said that he wasn't going to cry.
Layla's eyelashes were sticking together.
Sami called Layla "gross."
Sami read the title.
Sami went and commented without even watching the video.
Sami doesn't even know it.
Sami didn't feel threatened at all.
Sami moved to Egypt at six years old.
Sami remembered some weird memories from when he was a child.
Sami started remembering stuff from around that time.
Sami dropped my brother and I off at McDonald's.
Sami and the other kids got separated in age groups.
Sami was a member of the club.
Sami and Layla went on the same field trip together.
Sami lived in Cairo this whole time.
Sami and Layla were really cool.
Sami and Layla hung out.
Sami and Layla went together.
Sami was introduced to Layla.
Sami was only sixteen years old.
Sami wanted to be Layla's boyfriend.
Sami looked sixteen.
Sami didn't show up.
Sami's sense of time and his memory are so fucked up.
Sami and Layla went on field trips together.
Sami tried to remember as best as he could.
Sami was super nice to Layla.
Sami bought Layla lunch.
Sami bought Layla a lot of food.
Sami bought Layla candy.
Sami picked Layla on his team.
Sami was fifteen or sixteen.
Sami and Layla are both adults.
Sami and Layla are completely different.
Sami is a predator.
Sami is still a kid.
Sami is still a child.
Sami should get this out of his mind.
Sami was grooming Layla with candy and food.
Sami does all this stuff for Layla.
Layla agreed to be Sami's girlfriend.
Layla didn't tell her mom that she had a boyfriend.
Sami didn't tell his mom.
Sami and Layla do everything together.
Sami wanted to kiss Layla.
Layla didn't kiss a boy until she was in college.
Sami never kissed anybody before.
Sami and Layla were kissing in the kitchen.
Sami did that in front of everybody.
Sami somehow knew that it wasn't right.
Sami knew that it wasn't right.
Sami found that pretty embarrassing.
Sami started noticing this.
Sami was in the water.
Sami put the blame on Layla.
Layla genuinely thought that Sami was her boyfriend.
Sami and Layla were floating around in the pool.
Layla was hanging on Sami in the pool.
Sami shouldn't do that.
Sami wasn't comfortable with that.
Sami got really angry with Layla.
Sami has never really thought about it.
Sami was older than me.
Sami knew Layla was in there.
Sami wanted to have sex.
Sami wants to have sex and Layla has never done that before.
Layla lost her virginity.
Layla didn't lose her virginity until she was sixteen.
Layla is not a virgin.
Layla isn't a virgin.
Sami doesn't really know what to do.
Sami needs to bring condoms.
Sami started to really freak out.
Sami doesn't know what the fuck to do.
Sami was too old to be here.
Sami his mom didn't have a good relationship.
Sami and Layla started building a relationship with each other.
Sami knows about this incident.
Sami was doing this to other children.
Sami was doing this to other kids.
Sami started telling the story.
Sami never saw that guy again.
Layla didn't even know that she was dating a paedophile.
Sami doesn't remember of Layla did anything to him.
Sami is interested in you.
Sami replies faster on Facebook.
I see it.
The stars were chased, and blushing rose the day. / Dimly, at distance through the misty shroud / Italia's hills and lowlands we survey, / "Italia," first Achates shouts aloud: / "Italia," echoes from the joyful crowd.
Today is the day of freedom.
We never give up.
We always triumph.
We are a light for the sight.
I did not leave him alone.
I did not leave her alone.
He was an holy Joe that everyone respected.
He was so clever that nothing was unsurmountable for him.
I was born in Prague.
You could kill someone.
Fill up this water bottle, please!
If you encounter that man, please inform me immediately.
If it were me, I wouldn't do that.
Tom is uncomfortable with the word "queer" and prefers "LGBT."
I don't know all the details.
Now it's all clear to me!
That's settled!
Would you mind writing a recomedation on LinkedIn?
Tom is a man of many parts.
Which man-made structures are visible from space?
"Which man-made structures are visible from space?" "It depends on your definition of space."
Women are the best creation of God.
The four boys, in fact, havent broken any rules.
I didn't even know Tom could do that.
I didn't even know that Tom could do that.
I didn't even know Tom could play the oboe.
I didn't even know that Tom could play the oboe.
I didn't even know Tom was going to be there.
I didn't even know that Tom was going to be there.
I didn't even know Tom wanted to do that.
I didn't even know that Tom wanted to do that.
I didn't even know Tom used to live in Boston.
I didn't even know that Tom used to live in Boston.
I didn't even know Tom was born in Boston.
I didn't even know that Tom was born in Boston.
I didn't even know Tom used to live in Australia.
I didn't even know that Tom used to live in Australia.
I didn't even know Tom was born in Australia.
I didn't even know that Tom was born in Australia.
I didn't even know Tom wasn't going to go with us.
I didn't even know that Tom wasn't going to go with us.
I didn't even know Tom had died.
I didn't even know that Tom had died.
I didn't even know Tom used to be married to Mary.
I didn't even know that Tom used to be married to Mary.
I didn't even know Tom could play lacrosse.
I didn't even know that Tom could play lacrosse.
I didn't even know Tom had to do that.
I didn't even know that Tom had to do that.
I didn't even know Tom needed to do that.
I didn't even know that Tom needed to do that.
I didn't even know that Tom knew Mary.
I didn't even know Tom was a Canadian.
I didn't even know that Tom was a Canadian.
I didn't even know Tom wanted to go to college.
I didn't even know that Tom wanted to go to college.
I had lots of friends when I was in Australia. I had a lot of friends when I was in Australia.
I bet Tom is still in Australia.
I bet that Tom is still in Australia.
That isn't something that I can do.
That's not something that I can do.
I did think it was possible.
I did think that it was possible.
Are you sure that's what you want to do?
Are you sure that that's what you want to do?
Are you sure that's what you should be doing?
Are you sure that that's what you should be doing?
Are you sure this os what we should be doing?
Are you sure that this os what we should be doing?
I have faith Tom will do that.
I have faith that Tom will do that.
I haven't tried doing that yet.
I haven't tried to do that yet.
I haven't yet tried doing that.
I just hope we keep winning.
I just hope that we keep winning.
I hope we keep winning.
I hope that we keep winning.
I know they're not like you.
I know that they're not like you.
I really hope this helps.
I really hope that this helps.
I'm still waiting to see if Tom does that.
I'm still waiting to see whether Tom does that.
I'm still waiting to see if that happens.
I'm still waiting to see whether that happens.
I bet Tom is still in Boston.
I bet that Tom is still in Boston.
I had lots of friends when I was in Boston.
I had a lot of friends when I was in Boston.
I hope more people are coming.
I hope that more people are coming.
I hope more people will be here.
I hope that more people will be here.
I thought that seemed unusual.
I thought that that seemed unusual.
I never thought I'd go there.
I never thought that I'd go there.
I wish my parents were alive.
I wish that my parents were alive.
I'm grateful we weren't injured.
I'm grateful that we weren't injured.
You can never tell what Tom is going to do.
I don't understand what you want you're saying.
Tom is as busy as always, isn't he?
I can't help but wonder what's going to happen.
How did Tom know you were going to say that?
Do you have any idea what we're supposed to do?
Tom has been doing that really well.
It wouldn't be appropriate for you to do that.
I've got to phone Tom.
I really want to stay in Boston little longer.
Tom is at home right now, isn't he?
I need to be in Boston by the end of the week.
I must be in Boston for a meeting next Monday.
Tom has been staying out of trouble.
What do you usually do when you have a fever?
Mary declined Tom's offer.
She declined his offer.
I had a lot of friends when I was in Australia.
He told me an unbelievable story.
He told me a story that you can never believe.
I believe that I've seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe I've seen the document you're talking about.
I believe I've seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe I've seen the document you're talking about. I believe I have seen the document that you're talking about.
We have to keep our eyes open for what is happening.
I knew that he wasn't dead.
I lent him my car.
I lent her my car.
Tom told me something that was hard to believe.
Tom told me a story that was hard to believe.
You are as nutty as a fruitcake dude!
Tom asked his friends if they thought Mary liked him.
Tom asked his friends if they that thought Mary liked him.
I was thirteen or fourteen at the time.
Tom was either thirteen or fourteen when he came to Boston.
Tom is either thirteen or fourteen years old. I'm not sure.
Do you think that we'll ever find our way back to the campsite?
Sami has beed dreading singing in public.
Sami hates doing this.
Sami thinks fighting is very immature.
Sami doesn't want to fight.
Layla had to fight for her brother.
Sami has never seen Layla's face before.
Sami wanted to get noticed.
Sami and Layla were six years apart.
Sami has six siblings and he's the oldest.
Sami has said this previously.
Sami fought much of Farid's battles in school.
Sami fought Farid on Rami's behalf.
Sami was trying to fight Farid.
Sami has had his fair share of fights in school.
Sami doesn't condone this.
Sami doesn't think Layla is attractive.
Sami was either in the fifth or sixth grade.
Sami doesn't want to tell this story.
Sami had the cops sent to his house.
Sami had to fight boys for Layla.
Sami isn't going to jail for that.
Sami came off the buss.
Sami is a Libra and Layla is a Gemini.
Sami was very masculine.
Layla was very feminine.
Sami is very open with a lot of things.
Sami just kept bothering Layla.
Sami was talking shit about me.
Sami can't hit Layla.
Sami got off the bus.
Sami walked behind me.
Sami picked on me.
Sami is not ugly.
Sami isn't ugly.
Sami thinks Layla is cute.
Sami is probably picking on Layla because he probably thinks she is cute.
Sami isn't as confrontational as he used to be.
Sami isn't as confrontational as Layla is.
Sami came from school so upset.
Sami isn't going to talk to that girl.
Sami was probably like fifteen or sixteen.
Sami has been bullying my brother.
Sami wants to know.
Sami wants to tell Layla this story.
Sami was already out of school.
Sami walked to the bus stop.
Sami saw Layla walking with another one of his friends.
Sami was calling Layla names.
Sami got to the driveway.
Sami was talking about my brother.
Sami is looking at Layla.
Sami asked Layla to go in the house.
Sami is light-skinned.
Sami flooded Layla's comment section with insults.
Sami was looking at that girl.
Sami was surprised as hell.
Sami was only a hundred pounds.
Sami pushed Layla.
Sami pushed Layla and she stumbled back.
Sami told me about you.
Sami was lucky.
Sami threw his backpack on the floor.
Sami pushed Layla back on the floor.
Sami tried to pick Layla up off the floor.
Sami is too old.
Sami is Layla's friend.
Sami hates children.
Sami hates kids.
Sami kicked Farid's ass.
Sami was small.
Sami is way older than Layla.
Sami didn't fuck with my brother again.
Sami wanted a real fight.
Sami wanted a real physical fight.
Sami pushed Layla twice.
Sami had an embarrassing fight with his sister.
Sami started dating his ex's sister.
Layla took her fake nails off.
Sami clipped his nails.
Sami was clipping his nails.
Sami will always remember this.
Sami found the answer on his phone.
Sami is subscribed to this YouTube channel.
Sami's camera died.
Sami couldn't charge his camera.
Sami filmed a lengthy video.
Sami and Layla talked.
Sami has been single for about a year.
Layla was fat.
Sami was fat, too.
Sami was fat.
Sami started a new relationship with Layla.
Sami never lied.
Sami was a Cancer.
Sami died last year.
Sami died six months ago.
Sami was in high school.
Sami was introduced to Layla by a friend.
Sami and Layla have been hanging out for six weeks.
Sami was hanging out with Layla.
Sami was a reoccurring character in Layla's stories.
Sami still does drugs.
Sami lived really crazy.
Sami was experimenting with drugs.
Sami would smoke weed.
Sami is sober today.
Sami was a junkie.
Sami drinks some wine.
Sami got really mad.
Sami's parents are Egyptian.
Sami's parents were really strict.
Sami did that stuff.
Sami hung out with Layla over the weekend.
Sami looks like Van Damme.
Sami got pretty drunk.
Sami hung out with Layla.
Sami is a Gemini just like me.
Sami and Layla are very similar.
Sami's hair is dry now.
Sami wanted to get his shit together.
Sami was hanging out with Layla at her house.
Sami was at his house, waiting for Layla.
Sami walked out of nowhere and grabbed Layla by the neck.
Sami went to the pool.
Sami was a crazy kid.
Sami didn't buy weed.
Sami likes Spongebob.
Sami took six pills.
Sami only took one pill.
Sami took fake drugs.
Sami didn't even leave his house.
Sami's parents were never home.
Sami sat outside of Layla's apartment.
Sami has to tell the cops all this shit.
Sami has never taken this much drugs.
Sami wanted to leave that house.
Sami had a blue suitcase.
Sami found drug paraphernalia in Layla's bag.
Sami ran into Layla's bedroom.
Sami came into the room.
Sami is so embarrassed.
Sami was seeing colors.
Sami had a mental breakdown.
Sami didn't do drug.
Sami needs to know what is going on.
Sami needs to know what's going on.
Sami was getting uncomfortable.
Sami is flirting with Layla.
Sami is going to know.
Sami is gonna know.
Sami is coherent.
Layla was consenting to that.
Sami wants to have sex with Layla.
Sami was still single then.
Sami walked to the pool.
Sami was still single at the time.
Sami finally got to the pool.
Sami was smoking weed in the hot tub.
Sami almost drowned in the pool.
Sami was in the hot tub.
Sami was eating chips.
Sami noticed that Layla's behavior was anxious.
Sami is noticing that, too.
Sami and Layla are family.
Sami's mom picked him up from the mall.
Sami is gonna be with Layla.
Sami is going to be with Layla.
Sami just looked at each other.
Sami walked from the mall to Layla's house.
Sami asked Layla to pick him up from the mall.
Sami's face dropped.
Sami is strating to freak out.
Sami's mom is gonna kill him.
Sami's mom is going to kill him.
Sami can't even go home now.
Sami overheard Layla.
Sami doesn't understand Layla's parents.
Sami's parents are not like that.
Sami's parents aren't like that.
Sami and Layla love each other.
Sami and Layla never looked at each other.
Sami was so naive.
Sami never takes drugs like these.
Sami can't hide.
Sami did drugs in the school hallways.
Sami needs to follow the rules.
Sami shouldn't have exposed Layla to this.
Sami told Layla to pick him up from here.
Sami was looking at the girl.
Sami met a beautiful.
Sami was having a good time with that girl.
Sami was having fun.
Sami's phone started blowing up.
Sami was in a good mood.
Sami calmed down a bit.
Sami was calling me.
Sami isn't saying anything.
Sami is fucked up, too.
Sami's mom doesn't know Layla.
Sami's mom got home.
Sami was thinking coherently.
Sami was talking normal.
Sami was in the living room, asleep.
Sami had his own bedroom.
Sami was asleep in his own bedroom.
Sami and Layla had a blanket over them.
Sami was touching up Layla's leg.
Sami started touching up Layla's hand again.
Sami knows that Layla and Farid are teenagers.
Sami knows what teenagers do.
Sami's car pulled up.
Sami wondered what was going on.
Sami couldn't see who was in the car.
Sami is rolling the window down.
Sami came to pick Layla up.
Sami got his ass in the car.
Sami is getting in the car.
Sami was Layla's older brother.
Sami knows this shit.
Sami is doing drugs.
Sami will have a problem, too.
Sami doesn't need to embarrass Layla like that.
Sami felt that guilt.
Sami is already in trouble.
Sami was on Layla's Twitter and saw what she was doing.
Sami and Layla are just watching.
Sami was giggling a little bit.
Sami hit Layla on the head.
Sami was so rowdy.
Sami can hear Layla's voice.
Sami stopped laughing.
Sami is still talking to Layla.
Sami can't cross this line.
Sami was still yelling.
Sami is a child.
Sami pressed charges on Layla.
Sami's mom came out on the patio.
Sami was smoking a cigarette on the patio.
Sami never touched Layla again.
Sami sped up.
Sami looks stupid as fuck.
Sami looks so fucking stupid.
Sami doesn't know what Layla wants.
Sami genuinely liked Layla.
Sami woke up the next day.
Sami told Layla that him and Salima were boyfriend and girlfriend.
Sami wanted to hold Layla's hand.
Sami and Layla took a couple of pictures together.
Sami was looking for a relationship.
Sami is not going to break up with Layla.
Sami got serious with Layla.
Sami isn't going to break up with Layla.
Sami and Layla wanted to get married.
Sami and Layla can't do this anymore.
Sami doesn't want to be with Layla.
Sami said that this wasn't going to work.
Sami didn't want to date Layla's sister.
Sami was making moves on Layla multiple times.
Sami gave Layla and Farid privacy.
Sami kissed Layla.
Sami was acting really weird again.
Sami found this very fucking weird.
Sami got his first tattoo at sixteen.
Sami didn't do drugs.
Sami is hearing that noise.
Sami is drinking some wine.
Sami is a wino.
Sami is a weirdo.
Sami is a punk.
Sami is a thug.
Sami was very self-oriented.
Sami's story doesn't make any sense.
Sami had an allergic reaction.
Sami kept sneezing.
Sami is sneezing again.
Sami invited Layla to his birthday party.
Sami has changed for the better.
Sami didn't talk to Layla at all.
Sami has matured.
Sami thinks that Layla has changed.
Sami thinks that Layla has matured.
Sami watched Layla's videos.
Sami is gonna be confused.
Sami is going to be confused.
Sami was abusing Layla's space.
Sami lived in his room.
Sami threw his birthday party in his apartment.
Sami and Layla are going to Walmart.
Sami dressed as an alien for Halloween.
Sami got everything ready for the party.
Sami never vacuums his apartment.
Sami called Layla over here.
Sami yelled at me.
Sami was involved as well.
Sami went to pick up Layla.
Sami didn't see that.
Sami went to the liquor store.
Sami was going to buy the liquor for the party.
Sami didn't buy any liquor for the party.
Sami works at a liquor store.
Sami just ignored it.
Sami said it again.
Sami hates tequila.
Sami doesn't want to do that.
Sami is buying his own liquor.
Sami drank his own liquor.
Sami is going to his apartment.
Sami started doing some extracurricular activities.
Sami invited six people to his birthday party.
Sami didn't want Layla to know where he lived.
Sami left his wallet at the gas station.
Sami was going to the gas station.
Sami lost his wallet at the gas station.
Sami gave Layla his wallet.
Sami and Layla were both drinking.
Sami binds with everybody.
Sami is such a nice fucking person.
Sami is drinking tequila.
Sami didn't really like Layla.
Sami just didn't like Layla.
Sami was really shady.
Sami was taking pictures of Layla.
Sami bought some meth.
Sami was just drinking.
Sami was on the couch.
Sami was just laughing.
Sami has tried to have sex with Layla multiple times.
Sami showed genuine interest in Layla.
Sami is talking about my girl right in my face.
Sami can hear the whole thing.
Sami's apartment was a mess.
Sami is throwing up on the patio.
Sami was straight.
Sami was stealing from Walmart.
Sami should make sure that Layla doesn't steal his stuff.
Sami and Layla were talking about philosophy.
Sami got in Layla's bed.
Sami slept in Layla's bed.
Sami is real strong.
Sami shouldn't worry about this.
Sami came out of there.
Sami didn't lock any door in the house.
Sami heard the door open.
Sami heard his bathroom door open.
Sami heard the shower go on.
Sami was not in the bed.
Sami wasn't in the bed.
Sami was still asleep.
Sami drank some water.
Sami started getting dressed.
Sami wanted to get a shower.
Sami knocked on the bathroom door.
Sami was in Layla's bathroom.
Sami and Layla were both naked.
Sami just went to the bathroom.
Sami got out of the bathroom.
Layla didn't wear underwear.
Sami started smelling that strong odor.
Sami put the suitcase in his closet.
Sami doesn't want the money.
Mennad was pulling up to Baya's house.
Sami dropped Layla off.
Sami's car smells like shit.
Sami tried to sleep in Layla's bed.
Sami shat in the bathtub.
Sami is sitting in his car.
Sami didn't smell that anymore.
Sami likes Layal's new hair.
Layla is in love with this hair.
Sami worked with this company.
Layla was in love with that hair.
Sami knew what to do with this.
Sami was new to this.
Sami's hair is super long.
Sami lived in Egypt.
Sami was kicked out.
Sami and Layla did this.
Sami doesn't like driving.
Sami drives.
Sami asked Layla to drive.
Sami doesn't really have time to do this.
Sami doesn't like to do this.
Sami doesn't like to be treated like that.
Sami likes going out.
Sami doesn't like going to clubs.
Sami never goes to clubs.
Sami and Layla went to different clubs.
Sami went to a club.
Sami went to a strip club.
Sami wanted to go to a strip club.
Sami felt that he would have a good time at that club.
Sami knew that Layla worked at a strip club.
Sami brought his grandma with him.
Sami met a new girl.
Mennad has an appointment.
Mennad had an important appointment.
Sami bought an expensive car.
Sami won't go home.
Sami was having fun that night.
Sami doesn't have a car.
Sami isn't going to say that.
Sami drank a little bit.
Sami went over there.
Sami was close to Layla.
Sami died.
Sami was cooking.
Sami was drinking.
Sami ate some food.
Sami was drunk as hell.
Sami is sober now.
Sami isn't even drunk.
Sami was drunk that night.
Sami will have to drive all the way over there.
Sami and Layla hopped in the car.
Sami took some shots.
Sami found blood on the couch.
Sami was in the lobby.
Sami was still walking.
Sami wasn't looking at Layla.
Sami walked into the arcade.
Sami was standing next to Layla.
Sami played a lot of games.
Sami was playing games by himself.
Sami was getting dehydrated.
Sami was dehydrated.
Sami and Layla have been drinking.
Sami got some water for Layla.
Sami was in the bar space.
Sami stood outside of the bar space.
Sami pretended that he couldn't hear Layla.
Sami was looking down on me.
Sami asked for some water.
Sami pointed at the sign.
Sami has been sixteen for some time now.
Sami has to be twenty-one to get anything from this bar.
Sami asked for some Layla.
Sami wants some water.
Sami needs to come back with an ID.
Sami needs to pay for a meal in order to get some water.
Sami bought some water.
Sami doesn't have his ID.
Sami needed some water.
Sami needs water.
Sami is dehydrated.
Sami got Layla some water.
Sami wasn't hostile with the security guard.
Sami knows his girlfriend.
Layla knows her guy.
Sami wasn't trying to be disrespectful.
Sami looks like a teenager.
Sami and Layla were playing games.
Sami has his ID.
Sami gave the security guard his ID.
Sami showed the bartender his ID.
Sami spilled the water on the bar.
Sami saw Layla doing this.
Sami was drinking his water.
Sami was still playing that game.
Sami was so drunk that he didn't give a fuck about anybody.
Sami is drinking the water.
Sami and Layla are playing basketball.
Sami felt somebody behind me.
Sami was still drunk.
Sami was playing Pacman.
Sami knows how this device works.
Sami isn't smoking weed.
Sami whispered in Layla's ear.
Sami has got to go.
Sami whispering in Layla's ear.
Sami just needs to go.
Sami said something hurtful to Layla.
Sami spilled milk on the bar.
Sami was walking out of the bar.
Sami was escorted out of the bar.
Sami was escorted out of the bar by two cops.
Sami followed Layla until she got to the door.
Sami was really friendly to the cops.
Sami has just been kicked out of the bar.
Sami was kicked out again.
Sami was in the wrong and he deserved to be kicked out of the bar.
Sami got kicked out of the bar.
Sami wanted to record this.
Sami needs to subscribe.
Sami gets notified every time Layla posts a new video.
Sami was not in a relationship.
Sami wasn't in a relationship.
Sami and Layla weren't in a relationship at the time.
Sami has been single for a long time.
Sami still had feelings for Layla.
Sami joined a dating app.
Layla was already talking to two guys.
Sami is downloading the app.
Sami has never tried a dating app in his life.
Sami doesn't do any of that shit.
Sami was adding a whole bunch of girls on Facebook.
Layla's hair was so poofy.
Layla was like a tomboy.
Sami and Layla were chatting for a little bit.
Layla had her hair up.
Sami and Layla are really cool.
Sami was way more into her than she was to him.
Sami wants to do this.
Sami and Layla have been talking for about a week.
Sami is not fake.
Sami isn't fake.
Sami's pictures are real. He's not a catfish.
Sami is talking to me.
Layla is so pretty.
Sami and Layla were face-timing.
Sami is so happy.
Sami didn't catfish anybody.
Sami and Layla had a little conversation.
Sami and Layla were texting.
Sami and Layla kept texting each other.
Sami kept texting.
I haven't done anything that Tom hasn't done.
Please put the milk back in the refrigerator.
Tom is at work right now, isn't he?
Mary is three years younger than her husband.
I look forward to seeing Tom again in Boston.
I plan to go back to Boston as soon as I can.
Tom is busy and can't meet with you.
I need to be in Boston the Monday after next.
Let me ask Tom whether he can do that or not.
I have a younger sister who lives in Boston.
Tom is aware of all this, isn't he?
I had a similar problem when I was in Boston.
Sami and Layla never exchanged picture.
Sami found Layla so pretty.
Sami knew a lot about Layla but she didn't know a lot about him.
Sami and Layla aren't even together.
Sami and Layla are not even together.
Sami needs to chill.
Sami is single right now.
Sami didn't want to start a serious relationship.
Sami is chatting with Layla.
Sami deleted his account.
Sami and Layla have a lot in common.
Sami really liked Layla's sister.
Sami has never met Layla in person.
Sami has never kissed Layla.
Sami has never hugged Layla.
Sami is so crazy.
Sami didn't want anything serious.
Sami is going to block Layla on Facebook.
Sami and Layla's relationship got really toxic.
Sami doesn't remember this exactly.
Sami gave Layla a fake address.
Sami is hurting Layla.
Sami knows this is Layla.
Sami asked Layla not to message him anymore.
Sami really doesn't need this.
Sami was still friends with Layla.
Sami didn't have time for this bitch.
Sami sent Layla that message from his phone.
Sami was going to block Layla on Facebook.
Sami passed that message on to Layla.
Sami asked Layla to pass that message on to Farid.
Sami is going to block this number.
Sami didn't expect Layla to be talking to all those other people.
Sami wanted to find love.
Sami needs to go outside.
Sami is way better for Layla than Farid is.
Sami continued to message Layla but she just wanted to cut the whole thing off.
Sami is gonna have work today.
Sami is going to have work today.
Sami likes Layla's big face.
Layla keeps her skin so nice.
Sami has pictures.
Sami liked horror stories.
Sami was with different people.
Sami was so fucked up.
Sami and Layla were both Leo.
Sami has watched the video.
Sami is my ex-roommate.
Sami wanted to watch the video.
Sami doesn't really remember.
Sami and Layla decided that they wanted to go to the movies.
Layla and Salima were a lesbian couple.
Sami met a lesbian couple.
Sami is my ex.
Sami lived in a two-storey penthouse.
Sami had a bedroom with two beds.
Sami was fifteen, sixteen.
Sami had a pull-out couch in his living room.
Sami went to a hotel.
Sami was up there.
Sami slept here.
Sami slept on the pull-out couch.
Sami didn't even have money.
Sami and Layla spent the night at a hotel.
Sami drove down to Cairo in his car.
Sami lived in a penthouse.
Sami bought a penthouse in Cairo.
Sami was driving there.
Sami and Layla were in the same car.
Sami was driving towards Cairo.
Sami didn't know how to drive.
Sami and Layla drove together.
Sami got there first.
Sami checked into the hotel.
Sami was loving it.
Sami doesn't listen to these artists.
Sami is having a good time.
Sami was convulsing.
Sami just passed out.
Sami got there.
Sami got there really late.
Sami got there late.
Sami left the club late.
Sami was seen talking to two lesbian girls.
Sami was talking to a lesbian couple.
Sami was here for a free ride.
Sami left the club really early.
Sami wanted to go back to the hotel.
Sami and Layla went back to the hotel.
Sami liked Layla a lot.
Sami is cool, too.
Sami said something about me to Layla.
Sami was pretty sure that Layla said something about him to Farid.
Sami was still working a full-time job.
Sami bought Layla a drink.
Sami is on the couch.
Sami was just sitting on the couch.
Sami finally came.
Sami had met Layla before.
Sami could be cool with anybody.
Sami ended up falling out with Layla.
Sami and Layla got there.
Sami and Layla were drinking.
Sami was trying to get attention from Layla.
Sami doesn't want Layla to do drugs.
Sami used to sell Layla weed.
Sami doesn't even smoke weed.
Sami doesn't do any drugs.
Sami used to sell Layla drugs.
Sami is having a really shitty time.
Sami locked his keys in the car.
Sami went to Layla's hotel.
Sami knew who this guy was.
Sami knew who that girl was.
Sami was already in a bad room.
Sami is already high.
Sami read the title of the book.
Sami was in room six.
Sami weighed not more than ninety pounds.
Sami was Layla's friend.
Sami went to get Layla some water.
Sami didn't have any money.
Sami poured Layla a shot.
Sami was drinking with me.
Sami did smoke weed.
Sami would smoke weed every now and then.
Sami doesn't even view weed as a drug.
Sami got back to Cairo.
Sami asked Layla to call him when she got back to Cairo.
Sami doesn't remember much of day one.
Sami doesn't like that bickering.
Sami was only there for six days.
Sami was just being a dick.
Sami took my car.
Sami doesn't like to wait.
Sami was making the situation so much worse.
Sami has never been to that festival.
Sami didn't really enjoy himself at the club.
Sami is making a new video.
Sami has just been notified of this.
Sami has been following Layla on Twitter for a long time.
Sami had to take his YouTube video down.
Sami skipped the video to the part where Layla was crying.
Sami hates moving houses.
Sami wants to take Layla's money.
Sami has left that apartment.
Sami owned six apartments.
Sami was moving from this apartment to that one.
Sami needs a storage unit.
Sami bought a storage unit.
Sami moved his freezers to his new factory
Sami is paying rent.
Sami's moving date is in June.
Sami talked to the manager.
Sami could be here any time.
Sami could be here any minute.
Sami is driving to the office.
Sami confirmed this with his manager.
Sami gave his manager his office keys.
Sami wondered why this kept happening.
Sami isn't using the storage unit.
Sami got his refund.
Sami took my money.
Sami can't give you your money back.
Sami needs those sixty dollars.
Sami needed money so bad.
Sami and his company came to a settlement.
Sami tried to talk to his manager.
Sami doesn't know what to tell Layla.
Sami was a little bit more polite.
Sami called Layla's manager.
Sami didn't call me back.
Sami is going to the bank.
Sami knows how that shit works.
Sami wanted to get his money back.
Sami was using his card to make multiple payments.
Sami's bank cancelled his card.
Sami's credit card was cancelled.
Sami's YouTube channel started to kick off.
Sami wanted his money.
Sami wanted his money back.
Sami made a video on Youtube.
Sami wasn't his real name.
Sami's company doesn't have the ability to refund.
Sami has thousands of customers now.
Sami made his YouTube video.
Sami got a phone call from a number he didn't recognize.
Sami got a phone call from a number he did not recognize.
Sami disputed the company's charge.
Sami knows the protocol.
Sami is familiar with the protocol.
Sami was wrongly charged.
Sami's bank is going to process the refund for him.
Sami is watching Layla's YouTube video.
Sami took his YouTube video down.
Sami was asked to take his YouTube video down.
Sami is doing that shit again.
Sami is helping Layla now.
Sami wants to have his money back.
Sami paid for a service that he didn't get.
Sami got a letter from his bank six weeks later.
Sami didn't have any proof.
Sami wasn't in that house.
Sami had proof that he wasn't there.
Sami was a customer service agent.
Sami said the same thing happened to him.
Sami was only like sixteen years old.
Sami doesn't know any of that.
Sami got swindled.
Sami's video got sixty thousand views.
Layla is wearing the same outfit today.
Sami got an e-mail from YouTube.
Sami forgot the word.
Sami doesn't have his phone.
Sami copyrighted the pictures.
Sami trademarked his logo.
Sami was making money out of those videos.
Sami got Layla in trouble with the company.
Sami wasn't an asshole.
Sami was passive-aggressive.
Sami's video didn't contain any copyrighted material.
Sami is our digital media manager.
Sami used Layla's logo in his video.
Sami says he didn't do it.
Sami asked Layla to remove her video from YouTube.
Sami deleted the video.
Sami uploaded the video on YouTube.
Sami will delete the video.
Sami will not be silenced.
Sami won't be silenced.
Sami gave Layla her money back.
Sami knows you're watching this.
Cool guys don't look at explosions.
Then sire Anchises hastened to entwine / a massive goblet with a wreath, and vowed / libations to the gods, and poured the wine / and on the lofty stern invoked the powers divine: / "Great gods, whom Earth and Sea and Storms obey, / breathe fair, and waft us smoothly o'er the main."
Is she okay?
They shouldn't have stopped so quickly.
If you use your computer before going to bed, you owe it to your eyes to turn on Night Shift on your Mac.
Tom's brother is a plumber.
I don't like the way you talk to me.
Just now I was chatting with my parents.
Your classmate's clothes are very pretty.
It's just there on the sofa.
She has returned.
Tom is your younger brother.
An apple a day is good for our health.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be late.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be late.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be absent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be absent.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be careful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be careful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be early.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be early.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be mad.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be mad.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be grumpy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be grumpy.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be grumpy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be grumpy.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be grouchy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be grouchy.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be grouchy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be grouchy.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be thrilled.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be thrilled.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be thrilled.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be thrilled.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be impatient.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be impatient.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be impatient.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be impatient.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be successful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be successful.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be successful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be successful.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be cranky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be cranky.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be cranky.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be cranky.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was better at French than he was.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was better at French than he was.
Tom told me he thought Mary was better at French than he was.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was better at French than he was.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could do that better than he could.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could do that better than he could.
Tom told me he thought Mary could do that better than he could.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could do that better than he could.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could swim faster than he could.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could swim faster than he could.
Tom told me he thought Mary could swim faster than he could.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could swim faster than he could.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could run faster than he could.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could run faster than he could.
Tom told me he thought Mary could run faster than he could.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could run faster than he could.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could dance better than he could.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could dance better than he could.
Tom told me he thought Mary could dance better than he could.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could dance better than he could.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was a better tennis player than he was.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was a better tennis player than he was.
Tom told me he thought Mary was a better tennis player than he was.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was a better tennis player than he was.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was suicidal.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was suicidal.
Tom told me he thought Mary was suicidal.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was suicidal.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was through.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was through.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was unbeatable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unbeatable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unbeatable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unbeatable.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was undecided.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was undecided.
Tom told me he thought Mary was undecided.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was undecided.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was amusing.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was amusing.
Tom told me he thought Mary was amusing.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was amusing.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was poor.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was poor.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was amused.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was amused.
Tom told me he thought Mary was amused.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was amused.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was glad.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was glad.
Tom told me he thought Mary was glad.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was glad.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was ambitious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ambitious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ambitious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ambitious.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was anxious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was anxious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was anxious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was anxious.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was anxious to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was anxious to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was anxious to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was anxious to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was clever.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was clever.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was ashamed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ashamed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ashamed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ashamed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was attractive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was attractive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was wealthy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was wealthy.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was shocked.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was shocked.
Tom told me he thought Mary was shocked.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was shocked.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was good-looking.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was good-looking.
Tom told me he thought Mary was good-looking.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was good-looking.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he hoped Mary wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he hoped Mary wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be careful.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be careful.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be careful.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be careful.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be early.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be early.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be early.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be early.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary knew how to play the flute.
Tom told me he thought that Mary knew how to play the flute.
Tom told me he thought Mary knew how to play the flute.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary knew how to play the flute.
Tom told me that he thought Mary didn't know how to play the oboe.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't know how to play the oboe.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't know how to play the oboe.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't know how to play the oboe.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was taking piano lessons.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was taking piano lessons.
Tom told me he thought Mary was taking piano lessons.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was taking piano lessons.
Tom told me that he thought Mary used to play the cello.
Tom told me he thought that Mary used to play the cello.
Tom told me he thought Mary used to play the cello.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to play the cello.
Tom told me that he thought Mary played the violin when she was younger.
Tom told me he thought that Mary played the violin when she was younger.
Tom told me he thought Mary played the violin when she was younger.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary played the violin when she was younger.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had bought a new viola.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had bought a new viola.
Tom told me he thought Mary had bought a new viola.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had bought a new viola.
Tom told me that he thought Mary played drums professionally.
Tom told me he thought that Mary played drums professionally.
Tom told me he thought Mary played drums professionally.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary played drums professionally.
Tom told me that he thought Mary used to play lead guitar in John's band.
Tom told me he thought that Mary used to play lead guitar in John's band.
Tom told me he thought Mary used to play lead guitar in John's band.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to play lead guitar in John's band.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was charming.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was charming.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was disgusting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was disgusting.
Tom told me he thought Mary was disgusting.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was disgusting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ambidextrous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ambidextrous.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was articulate.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was articulate.
Tom told me he thought Mary was articulate.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was articulate.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was too assertive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was too assertive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was too assertive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was too assertive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was autistic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was autistic.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was bipolar.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was bipolar.
Tom told me he thought Mary was bipolar.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was bipolar.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was chubby.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was chubby.
Tom told me he thought Mary was chubby.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was chubby.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was claustrophobic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was claustrophobic.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was clueless.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was clueless.
Tom told me he thought Mary was clueless.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was clueless.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was competent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was competent.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was conscious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was conscious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was conscious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was conscious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was conservative.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was conservative.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was diabetic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was diabetic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was divorced.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was divorced.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was finished.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was finished.
Tom told me he thought Mary was finished.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was finished.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was flustered.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was flustered.
Tom told me he thought Mary was flustered.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was flustered.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was guilty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was guilty.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was gullible.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was gullible.
Tom told me he thought Mary was gullible.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was gullible.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was homeless.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was homeless.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was homesick.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was homesick.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was illiterate.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was illiterate.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been irresponsible.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been irresponsible.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had acted irresponsibly.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had acted irresponsibly.
Tom told me he thought Mary had acted irresponsibly.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had acted irresponsibly.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was paralyzed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was paralyzed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was paralyzed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was paralyzed.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was psychic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was psychic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was psychic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was psychic.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was responsible.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was responsible.
Tom told me he thought Mary was responsible.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was responsible.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was responsible for what had happened.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was responsible for what had happened.
Tom told me he thought Mary was responsible for what had happened.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was responsible for what had happened.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was responsible for the accident.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was responsible for the accident.
Tom told me he thought Mary was responsible for the accident.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was responsible for the accident.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was retired.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was retired.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was schizophrenic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was schizophrenic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was schizophrenic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was schizophrenic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was smarter than he was.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was smarter than he was.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ugly.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ugly.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was blind.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was blind.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was naive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was naive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was naive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was naive.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was sharp.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sharp.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sharp.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sharp.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was witty.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was witty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was witty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was witty.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was about thirty.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was about thirty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was about thirty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was about thirty.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was too young to drive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was too young to drive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was too young to drive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was too young to drive.
Tom's parents told him that they thought he was too young to get married.
Tom's parents told him they thought that he was too young to get married.
Tom's parents told him they thought he was too young to get married.
Tom's parents told him that they thought that he was too young to get married.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sorry.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sorry.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was weird.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was weird.
Tom told me he thought Mary was weird.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was weird.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was greedy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was greedy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was greedy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was greedy.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was sneaky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sneaky.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sneaky.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sneaky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was adopted.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was adopted.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still doing that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still in Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still in Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still in Australia.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still in Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still a teacher.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still a teacher.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still a teacher.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still a teacher.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still a high school student.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still a high school student.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still a high school student.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still a high school student.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still a teenager.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still a teenager.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still a teenager.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still a teenager.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still in her teens.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still in her teens.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still in her teens.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still in her teens.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still needed to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still needed to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary still needed to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still needed to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still had to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still had to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary still had to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still had to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still ought to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still ought to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary still ought to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still ought to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still lived in Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still lived in Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary still lived in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still lived in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still lived in Australia.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still lived in Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary still lived in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still lived in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to go to Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to learn French.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to learn French.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to learn French.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to learn French.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was the best-looking girl in our class.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was the best-looking girl in our class.
Tom told me he thought Mary was the best-looking girl in our class.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was the best-looking girl in our class.
Tom told me that he thought Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom told me he thought that Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was from Australia.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was from Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary was from Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was from Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was from Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was from Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary was from Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was from Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could speak French.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could speak French.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could play the saxophone.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could play the saxophone.
Tom told me he thought Mary could play the saxophone.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could play the saxophone.
Tom told me that he thought Mary wanted to learn how to play the clarinet.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wanted to learn how to play the clarinet.
Tom told me he thought Mary wanted to learn how to play the clarinet.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wanted to learn how to play the clarinet.
Tom told me that he thought Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary had to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary wanted to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary ought to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary ought to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary ought to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary ought to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary should do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary should do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary should do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary should do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary couldn't do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would want to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would want to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was single.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was single.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was skinny.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was skinny.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was stingy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was stingy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was strange.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was strange.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was strict.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was strict.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was strong.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was strong.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was stupid.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was stupid.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was talented.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was talented.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was trustworthy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was trustworthy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was uncomfortable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was uncomfortable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unfriendly.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unfriendly.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unmarried.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unmarried.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was wrong.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was wrong.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was fun.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was fun.
Tom told me he thought Mary was fun.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was fun.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was odd.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was odd.
Tom told me he thought Mary was odd.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was odd.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was ill.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ill.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ill.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ill.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was new.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was new.
Tom told me he thought Mary was new.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was new.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was hurt.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was hurt.
Tom told me he thought Mary was hurt.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was hurt.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was back.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was back.
Tom told me he thought Mary was back.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was back.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was cool.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was cool.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was free.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was free.
Tom told me he thought Mary was free.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was free.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was mean.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was mean.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was nuts.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was nuts.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was rude.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was rude.
Tom told me he thought Mary was rude.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was rude.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was next.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was next.
Tom told me he thought that Mary looked pale.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary looked pale.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was deaf.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was deaf.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was alive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was alive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was alive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was alive.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was dead.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was dead.
Tom told me he thought Mary was dead.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was dead.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was frantic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was frantic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was frantic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was frantic.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was aggressive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was aggressive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was aggressive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was aggressive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was asleep.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was asleep.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was beautiful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was beautiful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was conceited.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was conceited.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was correct.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was correct.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been courteous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been courteous.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been courteous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been courteous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was crazy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was crazy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was creative.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was creative.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was cute.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was cute.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was dependable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was dependable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was disappointed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was disappointed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was dishonest.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was dishonest.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was engaged.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was engaged.
Tom told me he thought Mary was engaged.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was engaged.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was fat.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was fat.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was friendly.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was friendly.
Tom told me he thought Mary was friendly.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was friendly.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was funny.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was funny.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was healthy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was healthy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was honest.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was honest.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was hungry.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was hungry.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been impolite.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been impolite.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was intelligent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was intelligent.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was interesting.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was interesting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was lazy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was lazy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sad.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sad.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was married.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was married.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was nice.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was nice.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was old too old for him.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was old too old for him.
Tom told me he thought Mary was old too old for him.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was old too old for him.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was overweight.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was overweight.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was pretty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was pretty.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was reliable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was reliable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was rich.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was rich.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was satisfied.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was satisfied.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was selfish.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was selfish.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was serious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was serious.
Tom told me that he thought Mary needed to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary needed to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary needed to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary needed to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was heartbroken.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was heartbroken.
Tom told me he thought Mary was heartbroken.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was heartbroken.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was hot.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was hot.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was impressed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was impressed.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was incorrect.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was incorrect.
Tom told me he thought Mary was incorrect.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was incorrect.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was innocent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was innocent.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was mistaken.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was mistaken.
Tom told me he thought Mary was mistaken.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was mistaken.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was outside.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was outside.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was pleased.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was pleased.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was prepared.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was prepared.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was just being sarcastic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was just being sarcastic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was just being sarcastic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was just being sarcastic.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had beem suspended.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had beem suspended.
Tom told me he thought Mary had beem suspended.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had beem suspended.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been arrested.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been arrested.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been arrested.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been arrested.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had beem fired.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had beem fired.
Tom told me he thought Mary had beem fired.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had beem fired.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was unbiased.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unbiased.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unbiased.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unbiased.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was undependable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was undependable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unemployed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unemployed.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was unfair.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unfair.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unfair.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unfair.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was unhurt.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unhurt.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unhurt.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unhurt.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was OK.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was OK.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was fine.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was fine.
Tom told me he thought Mary was fine.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was fine.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was biased.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was biased.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was boring.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was boring.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was done.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was done.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was fair.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was fair.
Tom told me he thought Mary was fair.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was fair.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was full.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was full.
Tom told me he thought Mary was full.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was full.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was lost.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was lost.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was safe.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was safe.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was high.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was high.
Tom told me he thought Mary was high.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was high.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was well.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was well.
Tom told me he thought Mary was well.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was well.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was disorganized.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was disorganized.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been disrespectful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been disrespectful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was incompetent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was incompetent.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was insane.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was insane.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been offended.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been offended.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been offended.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been offended.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was overconfident.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was overconfident.
Tom told me he thought Mary was overconfident.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was overconfident.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was prejudiced.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was prejudiced.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was troubled.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was troubled.
Tom told me he thought Mary was troubled.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was troubled.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unconscious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unconscious.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was annoying.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was annoying.
Tom told me he thought Mary was annoying.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was annoying.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been careful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been careful.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been careful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been careful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been careless.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been careless.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was cold.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was cold.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was confused.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was confused.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was curious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was curious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was curious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was curious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was drunk.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was drunk.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was embarrassed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was embarrassed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was excited.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was excited.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was mad.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was mad.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was nervous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was nervous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was here.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was here.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was interested.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was interested.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was jealous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was jealous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was lonely.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was lonely.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been reasonable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been reasonable.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been reasonable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been reasonable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was scared.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was scared.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been scared.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been scared.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been scared.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been scared.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sleepy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sleepy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was stubborn.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was stubborn.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was surprised.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was surprised.
Tom told me he thought Mary was surprised.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was surprised.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was suspicious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was suspicious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sympathetic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sympathetic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was terrified.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was terrified.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was thirsty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was thirsty.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was tired.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was tired.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been unlucky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been unlucky.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been unlucky.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been unlucky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was upset.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was upset.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was in.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was in.
Tom told me he thought Mary was in.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was in.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was up.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was up.
Tom told me he thought Mary was up.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was up.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was out.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was out.
Tom told me he thought Mary was out.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was out.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was last.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was last.
Tom told me he thought Mary was last.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was last.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was home.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was home.
Tom told me he thought Mary was home.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was home.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was right.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was right.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ready.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ready.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was depressed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was depressed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was desperate.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was desperate.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was discouraged.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was discouraged.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was downstairs.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was downstairs.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was frightened.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was frightened.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was frustrated.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was frustrated.
I still don't think you should be doing that.
I still don't think that you should be doing that.
I'm convinced Tom has to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom has to do that.
I'm really happy that happened.
I'm really happy that that happened.
I'm convinced Tom doesn't need to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom doesn't need to do that.
I understand nobody wants to help us.
I understand that no one wants to help us.
I'm convinced Tom doesn't have to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom doesn't have to do that.
I understand no one wants to help us.
I'm convinced Tom can speak French well enough to work here.
I'm convinced that Tom can speak French well enough to work here.
I understand that nobody wants to help us.
It was obvious to everybody Tom was tired.
It was obvious to everyone that Tom was tired.
It was obvious to everyone Tom was tired.
It was obvious to everybody that Tom was tired.
I would've thought you'd be unhappy.
I would've thought that you'd be unhappy.
I would've thought you'd do that.
I would've thought that you'd do that.
I would've thought you'd have been happy.
I would've thought that you'd have been happy.
Tom was obviously glad that was going to happen.
Tom was obviously glad that that was going to happen.
I would've thought you would've done that.
I would've thought that you would've done that.
I'm certain that won't happen today.
I'm certain that that won't happen today.
I'm sure that won't happen today.
I'm sure that that won't happen today.
I'm almost sure that won't happen today.
I'm almost sure that that won't happen today.
I'm fairly certain that won't happen today.
I'm fairly certain that that won't happen today.
I'm almost certain that won't happen today.
I'm almost certain that that won't happen today.
I'm looking forward to hearing why you think we should do that.
I'm looking forward to hearing why you think that we should do that.
It's very obvious Tom likes me.
I'm not counting on anyone's help.
I'm not counting on anybody's help.
It's very obvious Tom likes Mary.
I'm pretty confident that'll happen.
I'm pretty confident that that'll happen.
It's very obvious Tom doesn't understand French very well.
I'm convinced I need to do that.
I'm convinced that I need to do that.
It's obvious Tom lied.
I'm convinced I have to do that.
I'm convinced that I have to do that.
It's obvious Tom knows what he's doing.
It seemed obvious to me the plan needed a few revisions.
It's obvious Tom isn't talking to Mary.
It's obvious you're wrong.
It's obvious Tom isn't interested in girls.
It's obvious that Tom isn't interested in girls.
It's obvious you're no longer interested.
It's obvious Tom is just pretending to be asleep.
It's obvious you're lying.
It's obvious Tom is in love with Mary.
It's obvious you told a lie.
It's obvious Tom is exhausted.
It's obvious you are an intelligent boy.
It's obvious Tom is a skilled musician.
It was obvious it would be this way.
In retrospect, it may seem obvious we shouldn't have been burning our trash so close to our house.
It's obvious that you two want to be alone together.
It's obvious Tom doesn't want to be here.
I've done everything I've been asked to do.
I've done everything that I've been asked.
It's obvious Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
I've done everything I've been asked.
It's obvious Tom doesn't like doing that.
I've done everything that I've been asked to do.
It's obvious Tom and Mary don't want to do that together.
It's obvious Tom and Mary don't like each other.
It's obvious Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
It's obvious Tom is sick.
It's obvious that Tom is sick.
I thought it would be impossible.
I thought that it would be impossible.
It's obvious Tom doesn't care about us.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't care about us.
I'm happy something is happening.
I'm happy that something is happening.
I've done everything that you've asked.
I've done everything that you've asked me to do.
I'm not interested in talking to anyone.
I'm not interested in talking to anybody.
I think that Tom is the one who should make that decision.
I think Tom is the one that should make that decision.
I think Tom is the one who should make that decision.
I think that Tom is the one that should make that decision.
What you said made everyone angry.
What you said made everybody angry.
Tom convinced me that you were the best person for the job.
You're still not convinced that we're telling the truth, are you?
You're still not completely convinced that's going to happen, are you?
You're still not completely convinced that that's going to happen, are you?
You'll soon be convinced I'm right.
You'll soon be convinced that I'm right.
You're still not completely convinced Tom knows what he's doing, are you?
You're still not completely convinced that Tom knows what he's doing, are you?
You've convinced me I was wrong.
You've convinced me that I was wrong.
You don't seem convinced you should do that.
You don't seem convinced that you should do that.
You've almost convinced me to stay for another week.
You've almost convinced me to stay for one more week.
What convinced you Tom was right?
What convinced you that Tom was right?
What convinced you that Tom wasn't guilty?
What convinced you you were wrong?
We're not convinced yet that we should do that.
We aren't yet convinced we should do that.
We're not convinced yet we should do that.
We aren't yet convinced that we should do that.
We almost had Tom convinced he should do that.
We almost had Tom convinced that he should do that.
Tom wasn't convinced that it was a good idea.
Tom was convinced that he'd been betrayed.
Tom told me that he wasn't convinced.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unconvinced.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unconvinced.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was busy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was busy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was angry.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was angry.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was in Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was doing that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was through doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was through doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was determined to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was determined to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was worried.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was worried.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was afraid.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was afraid.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was alone.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was alone.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was annoyed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was annoyed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was annoyed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was annoyed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was awake.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was awake.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was bored.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was bored.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was broke.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was broke.
It's obvious Tom is wrong.
It's obvious that Tom is wrong.
I'm happy that nothing bad happened.
It's obvious Tom is right.
It's obvious that Tom is right.
I'm very fortunate that hasn't happened.
I'm very fortunate that that hasn't happened.
It's obvious Tom isn't used to living on a tight budget.
It's obvious that Tom isn't used to living on a tight budget.
We're very fortunate that hasn't happened.
We're very fortunate that that hasn't happened.
It was pretty obvious Tom was the one who did that.
We're very fortunate that didn't happen.
We're very fortunate that that didn't happen.
It was obvious Tom was trying to get Mary's attention.
We're very fortunate nobody was hurt.
We're very fortunate that no one was hurt.
It was obvious Tom wanted to kiss me.
We're very fortunate no one was hurt.
It was obvious Tom wanted to kiss Mary.
We're very fortunate that nobody was hurt.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to take out the garbage.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to sing.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to leave.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to get in the water.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to do that.
It was obvious Tom didn't need to do that.
It was obvious Tom and Mary had strong feelings for each other.
It was obvious Tom had told a lie.
It was obvious that Tom had told a lie.
It was obvious Tom had lied.
It was obvious that Tom had lied.
It was obvious Tom hadn't been careful enough.
It was obvious that Tom hadn't been careful enough.
It was obvious Tom was lying.
It was obvious that Tom was lying.
It seems obvious Tom is unable to swim.
It seems obvious that Tom is unable to swim.
It seems obvious Tom is sick.
It seems obvious that Tom is sick.
It seems fairly obvious Tom isn't happy here.
It quickly became obvious Tom couldn't understand very much French.
Isn't it obvious Tom was the one who did that?
I think it's pretty obvious Tom likes Mary.
I think it's pretty obvious Tom doesn't want to do that.
I think it's pretty obvious Tom doesn't want to be here.
After talking to Tom for a few minutes, it became obvious his French wasn't very good, so Mary switched to English.
It's very obvious that Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
It's obvious that Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
It's obvious that Tom wants to do that.
It's obvious that Tom wants to die.
It's obvious that Tom really cares about Mary.
It's obvious that Tom has had a rough day.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to talk about this.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't like Mary.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't like Mary anymore.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't know anything.
It's obvious that Tom can't do it without some help.
It's obvious Tom can't do that without some help.
It's obvious that Tom can't do that without some help.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary like each other.
It's very obvious Tom and Mary like each other.
It's very obvious that Tom and Mary like each other.
It was pretty obvious that Tom did it.
It was obvious that Tom had been drinking.
Isn't it obvious that Tom did it?
Isn't it obvious Tom did that?
Isn't it obvious that Tom did that?
Tom was obviously glad that had happened.
Tom was obviously glad that that had happened.
Tom was obviously glad we were there.
Tom was obviously glad that we were there.
Tom was obviously happy he'd been chosen.
Tom was obviously happy that he'd been chosen.
I assumed Tom would do something about that.
I assumed that Tom would do something about that.
I can't stay for as long as I'd planned.
I can't stay for as long as I'd planned to.
I think that decision should be made by Tom.
I think that that decision should be made by Tom.
I wish that I could stay longer.
Tom knew it was his duty to do that.
Tom knew that it was his duty to do that.
I know you're a teenager.
I know that you're a teenager.
Tom knew it was his duty to take care of Mary.
Tom knew that it was his duty to take care of Mary.
Nobody would ever do that.
No one would ever do that.
I know Tom is a teenager.
I know that Tom is a teenager.
I don't think that anyone would do that.
I don't think anybody would do that.
I know Tom is just a teenager.
I know that Tom is just a teenager.
I don't think anyone would do that.
Tom did some things I wouldn't do.
Tom did some things that I wouldn't do.
I don't think that anybody would do that.
I also don't think Tom is going to do that.
I also don't think that Tom is going to do that.
I also don't think Tom will do that.
I also don't think that Tom will do that.
I also don't think Tom can do that.
I also don't think that Tom can do that.
I also don't think Tom is very good at doing that.
I also don't think that Tom is very good at doing that.
I promise one day I'll return.
I promise that one day I'll return.
I also don't think Tom needs to do that.
I also don't think that Tom needs to do that.
I promise I'll come back someday.
I promise that I'll come back someday.
I also don't think Tom has to do that.
I also don't think that Tom has to do that.
I promise I'll be back soon.
I promise that I'll be back soon.
I also don't think Tom wants to do that.
I also don't think that Tom wants to do that.
I still have the same bicycle I had when I was thirteen.
I still have the same bicycle that I had when I was thirteen.
I also don't think Tom really needs to do that.
I also don't think that Tom really needs to do that.
I still wish you'd do that.
I still wish that you'd do that.
I also don't think Tom really has to do that.
I also don't think that Tom really has to do that.
I still wish you wouldn't do that.
I still wish that you wouldn't do that.
I also don't think Tom should do that.
I also don't think that Tom should do that.
I'm afraid you won't get paid.
I'm afraid that you won't get paid.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that.
I'm afraid I won't get paid.
I'm afraid that I won't get paid.
I also don't think that's going to happen.
I also don't think that that's going to happen.
I don't think Tom is very good at doing that.
I don't think that Tom is very good at doing that.
I certainly don't think that's the case.
I certainly don't think that that's the case.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that.
I didn't think it would happen.
I didn't think that it would happen.
I don't think that Tom has to do that.
I didn't think that that would happen.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that.
I don't think there's any more beer.
I don't think that there's any more beer.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that.
I hope you'll follow my advice.
I hope that you'll follow my advice.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that.
I really wasn't planning to do that.
I really wasn't planning on doing that.
I remember doing that when I was thirteen.
I remember doing that when I was thirteen years old.
I couldn't leave as early as Tom.
I couldn't leave as early as Tom did.
I wouldn't say they were wrong.
I wouldn't say that they were wrong.
I hope you'll follow Tom's advice.
I hope that you'll follow Tom's advice.
I bet you haven't had to do that.
I bet that you haven't had to do that.
I really don't care if Tom does that or not.
I really don't care whether Tom does that or not.
I'm pleased that happened.
I'm pleased that that happened.
I wish that I'd never met Tom.
I'm sure I'm wrong.
I'm sure that I'm wrong.
I wish that I'd never kissed Tom.
I don't believe that's the case.
I don't believe that that's the case.
I wish I'd never given Tom any money.
I wish that I'd never given Tom any money.
I really don't care if you do that or not.
I really don't care whether you do that or not.
I wish I'd never lent Tom my umbrella.
I wish that I'd never lent Tom my umbrella.
I wish that I'd never done that.
I wish I'd never dated Tom.
I wish that I'd never dated Tom.
I wish I'd never gone to Boston.
I wish that I'd never gone to Boston.
I wasn't as successful as Tom.
I wasn't as successful as Tom was.
I wish I'd never gone to Australia.
I wish that I'd never gone to Australia.
I wish I'd never started smoking.
I wish that I'd never started smoking.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure Tom doesn't do that.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
I'm living proof you don't have to be smart to be a politician.
I'm living proof that you don't have to be smart to be a politician.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure Tom does that.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that Tom does that.
I believe I did the right thing.
I believe that I did the right thing.
I think that I did the right thing.
Tom is the one that ought to do that.
Tom is the one who ought to do that.
I'm pretty sure that I did the right thing.
Tom is the one that should do that.
I'm certain I did the right thing.
I'm certain that I did the right thing.
I still don't think Tom should be doing that.
I still don't think that Tom should be doing that.
I'm quite certain I did the right thing.
I'm quite certain that I did the right thing.
I'm really happy Tom was able to do that.
I'm really happy that Tom was able to do that.
I suppose that's about to change.
I suppose that that's about to change.
I'm really happy Tom was able to be here.
I'm really happy that Tom was able to be here.
I think that's about to change.
I think that that's about to change.
I'm really happy Tom will be at my party.
I'm really happy that Tom will be at my party.
I think that might change.
I think that that might change.
I was really happy Tom helped us.
I was really happy that Tom helped us.
I'm afraid there's a little problem.
I'm afraid that there's a little problem.
I was really happy Tom was able to do that.
I was really happy that Tom was able to do that.
I'm afraid there's a problem.
I'm afraid that there's a problem.
I was really happy Tom could do that.
I was really happy that Tom could do that.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that doesn't happen.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that that doesn't happen.
I was really happy Tom didn't complain.
I was really happy that Tom didn't complain.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that happens.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that that happens.
I was really happy Tom didn't complain about anything.
I was really happy that Tom didn't complain about anything.
I'm sure we haven't done anything wrong.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything wrong.
I was really happy Tom helped Mary.
I was really happy that Tom helped Mary.
I'm sure we haven't done anything illegal.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything illegal.
I was really happy Tom helped Mary do that.
I was really happy that Tom helped Mary do that.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have.
I'm sure we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have done.
I was really happy Tom was here.
I was really happy that Tom was here.
I'm sure we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have.
I was pretty surprised Tom did that.
I was pretty surprised that Tom did that.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have done.
I was pretty surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I was pretty surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
I was pretty surprised Tom didn't want to do that.
I was pretty surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
I would've thought Tom would do that.
I would've thought that Tom would do that.
I would've thought Tom would've been here.
I would've thought that Tom would've been here.
Mary heard Tom was dating another girl.
Mary heard that Tom was dating another girl.
I'm the one that ought to do that.
I'm the one who ought to do that.
I think Tom and Mary used to work together.
I think that Tom and Mary used to work together.
I'm the one that should do that.
Tom works at a store not too far from where he lives.
Tom works at a store that isn't too far from where he lives.
You're the one that needs to do that.
Tom works at a store that's not too far from where he lives.
You're the one that ought to do that.
You're the one that should do that.
I'm convinced Tom won't do that.
I'm convinced that Tom won't do that.
I believe we can do better.
I believe that we can do better.
I'm convinced Tom will do that.
I'm convinced that Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's necessary.
I'm convinced Tom wants to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom wants to do that.
I don't think doing that's necessary.
I don't think that doing that's necessary.
I'm convinced Tom doesn't want to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom doesn't want to do that.
I don't think that that's necessary.
I'm convinced Tom can't do that.
I'm convinced that Tom can't do that.
I still don't think that that's a good idea.
I'm convinced that Tom can do that.
I still don't think we should be doing this.
I still don't think that we should be doing this.
I'm convinced Tom needs to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom needs to do that.
Tom and Mary are still yelling at each other.
Doing that wouldn't be the right thing to do.
Tom is going to appreciate it a lot.
What'll you be doing the day after tomorrow?
Tom may be able to do that better than I can.
What do you usually do when you have a cold?
Tom is being unrealistic, isn't he?
We moved to Boston last summer from Chicago.
It took Tom only three hours to get to Boston.
That was the third time that I'd been there.
Tom is going to be at home tomorrow.
It's been a long time since I was last here.
It would be good if you could do that for Tom.
I stayed after class to talk to the teacher.
Tom is being very unfair, isn't he?
I don't have much money so I seldom eat out.
We look forward to seeing Tom again in Boston.
How many years have you been a teacher here?
Tom is going to be awake in an hour.
How many years have you been a student here?
How long were you there before Tom noticed you?
What time did you get up yesterday morning?
Tom is busy all the time, isn't he?
We don't yet have any plans for the summer.
It wasn't a coincidence that Tom was in Boston.
The conference will be in Boston next year.
Tom is going to be buried on Monday.
That's what's going on in Boston right now.
Only about thirty people came to Tom's concert.
Our album was recorded primarily in Boston.
Tom is cleaning his room, isn't he?
It's been three years since I last saw you.
Tom says people in Boston are terrible drivers.
Tom is going to be down in a minute.
Is it legal to hunt kangaroos in Australia?
If I were in Tom's shoes, I'd do the same thing.
I've been thinking about what might happen.
Tom is coming for dinner, isn't he?
I really should've stayed in Boston longer.
Tom and his brothers grew up in the Boston area.
Doing that may take longer than you expect.
Tom is going to be in touch with us.
"What's today's date?" "It's October 20th."
Tom is coming right back, isn't he?
I'm going to be doing that starting today.
Tom and Mary have been together for thirty years.
I wanted to stay in Boston with my family.
Tom is going to be thirty this year.
I put the milk back into the refrigerator.
Tom and Mary seem to enjoy talking to each other.
How many people are you expecting to come?
Tom is coming to get you, isn't he?
As I've just told you, I won't doing that.
Tom will probably tell you exactly what happened.
This is the kind of place I want to live.
Tom is going to be waiting for Mary.
They refused to let me into the building.
Tom is cooking breakfast, isn't he?
The person who did that has already left.
Tom is much more laid back now than he used to be.
I might go to Boston the week after next.
Tom is going to come if you ask him.
In 2013, I moved from Boston to Chicago.
Tom knocked on my door in the middle of the night.
If you don't agree, you can just say so.
Tom is determined to win, isn't he?
I've got to get back home before Monday.
We're going to give Tom an opportunity to do that.
I put the milk back in the refrigerator.
Tom is going to come this afternoon.
I lived in Boston until three years ago.
How did you know exactly what Tom was going to say?
Your French pronunciation is excellent.
Tom is doing a great job, isn't he?
Try doing that if you aren't afraid to.
The police didn't find any weapons in Tom's garage.
It won't be easy to solve this problem.
Tom is going to come this week, too.
I moved to Boston the year before last.
Tom doesn't seem very concerned about that problem.
At present, there's no plan to do that.
Tom is doing fairly well, isn't he?
"What's today's date?" "It's the 20th."
Tom is likely to plead guilty to all three charges.
"Do you speak French?" "Yes, a little."
Tom is going to do as you suggested.
What'll you do the day after tomorrow?
Tom says Boston has the worst drivers in the world.
I'll never ask you for anything again.
Tom is doing fine so far, isn't he?
I don't really speak French very well.
If I'd been in Tom's shoes, I'd have done that, too.
I don't get back to Boston very often.
Tom is usually shy around strangers.
I almost forgot to turn off the stove.
Tom broke up with his girlfriend on Valentine's day?
What do you do when you have a fever?
Tom is doing much better, isn't he?
If you don't agree, just let us know.
We're looking forward to seeing Tom again in Boston.
I don't know anything about children.
Tom might be kissing Mary right now.
Is it legal to do that in Australia?
I sure miss Tom.
I would definitely recommend it.
I'd consider doing that.
I lent Tom my car.
I want to see you later.
Tom is pretty lazy.
I want that blue jacket.
I sure do miss Tom.
I really love this game.
Tom is pretty fussy.
I just love coming here.
I tried to avoid Tom.
I have to be aggressive.
Tom is pretty needy.
I didn't take the train.
I'd rather be with Tom.
I can't let you in here.
Tom is pretty witty.
I can't let you help me.
I told Tom about Boston.
I'm pretty adventurous.
Tom is pretty young.
I told Tom where I lived.
I'm confused right now.
Tom is pretty active.
I'd rather be swimming.
I'm aware of Tom's plans.
I'd rather be sleeping.
Tom is pretty greedy.
I never got to do that.
I despise people like Tom.
I despise those people.
Tom is pretty sneaky.
I told Tom what Mary said.
I'm pretty successful.
Tom is pretty stingy.
I'm pretty persuasive.
I told Tom where I'd been.
I'm outside right now.
Tom is a little pudgy.
I'm interested in art.
I told Tom where Mary was.
I'd rather drink beer.
Tom was obviously mad.
I'd rather be surfing.
I do love singing with Tom.
I'd rather be skating.
Tom is pretty friendly.
I'd accept that offer.
I told Tom about Australia.
I do have one problem.
Tom is pretty outgoing.
I'm pretty resilient.
I told Tom what I had done.
I'm pretty organized.
Tom is pretty reckless.
I'll build it myself.
I'd rather eat steak.
Tom is pretty reserved.
I'd rather be hiking.
I lent Tom my car last week.
I do love doing that.
Tom is pretty talented.
I've seen you fight.
I told Tom what I had to do.
Tom is pretty tolerant.
I'm pretty ticklish.
I told Tom what I should do.
I'm naked right now.
I do love swimming.
I told Tom where I was born.
I'm pretty strong.
Tom was obviously cold.
I had to sit down.
I told Tom where Mary lived.
I don't use drugs.
Tom was obviously deaf.
It's not unusual.
We haven't convinced Tom to do that yet.
I'm pretty picky.
I wouldn't want to kiss Tom.
I'm pretty blind.
Tom was obviously high.
I'm almost blind.
I told Tom about my vacation.
I'm pretty full.
I told Tom about what happened.
I'm a bad loser.
Tom's life has changed.
I'll replace it.
It's already past nine o'clock.
Promises aren't enough.
Not only did you not eat with me, you went to have dinner with another girl!
He is the class's extremely intelligent student.
I like taking walks in nature.
We are informed by newspapers of the major events that take place every day.
He is very good at teaching people.
By the way, may I ask when in the evening your restaurant opens?
My name is Anna. What is your name?
I know why you're happy.
The concert begins now.
The concert's just beginning.
The meeting is just about to start.
The movie is just beginning.
The movie is just about to start.
The concert is now beginning.
That thief stole a phone on the bus.
My friend is currently designing a user interface for the new operating system.
This is an innovative solution.
Tom washes the dishes for Mary.
How much will it cost to mend this skirt?
I read this book. It was interesting from beginning to end.
She is sleeping.
Put that here.
Thank you for lunch!
Learning about other countries' cultures is very interesting.
Quieten down!
Sami is making a movie.
Sami is being patient.
Sami will just go ahead and do it.
Sami doesn't want this to happen to him.
Sami clicked on the button.
Sami clicked on the "send" button.
Sami asked Layla to click ont he "subscribe" button.
Sami watched the video from the beginning to the end.
Sami was learning stuff.
Sami is a data analyst.
Sami's credit card was stolen.
Sami was doing that job.
Sami found this kind of shitty.
Sami wasn't getting the same salary that Layla was getting.
Sami married an older lady.
Sami doesn't even know that.
Sami was no longer in my department.
Sami married a very pretty lady.
Sami was very sweet.
Today is Tuesday. Which day is it tomorrow?
Sami left McDonald's.
Sami and Layla were on good terms.
Sami is doing the job with a team.
Sami can help you.
Sami is my supervisor.
Sami was constantly fucking up.
Sami was losing thousands of dollars.
Sami lost a lot of money.
Sami is doing the wrong thing.
Now is tourist season.
Sami is a loss prevention agent.
Sami asked us for help.
Sami was called by a customer.
Sami didn't know what to say about that.
Sami usually asks Layla for help.
Sami would never ask for help.
Sami said that Farid was hitting on Layla.
Sami sits next to me.
Sami didn't hear what Layla said about him.
She is holding an umbrella in her hand.
My grandfather likes going for walks.
My front teeth stick out.
Every time I see you, I cannot help but be reminded of your mother.
I watched how you made it.
Sami knew everything that was going on.
Sami was telling other co-workers wrong information.
Sami knew what he was talking about.
Sami obviously knew what was going on.
Sami is actually a very easy-going person.
Sami was cool with Layla.
Sami isn't in this story.
Sami listened to the story again.
Sami was fucking up so much.
Sami made more money.
Sami didn't get hired.
Sami got the position.
Sami was a piece of shit.
Sami was qualified.
Sami is bisexual.
Sami said he was bisexual and Layla respected that.
Sami got a liking to Layla.
Sami didn't reciprocate the same amount of emotional connection that Layla was giving him.
Sami would buy Layla lunch.
Sami and Layla sit next to each other.
Sami found this so awkward.
Sami accepted Layla.
Sami came in early.
Sami is a sports fan.
Sami needed to go to church.
Sami is going to church.
Sami works the Saturday shift.
Sami was coming on Saturday.
Sami's desk was right behind me.
Sami hates this office environment.
Sami was the boss.
Sami is peeking.
Sami picked the pants up from the floor.
Sami found soiled panties in the bathroom.
Layla peed in her panties.
Sami wondered how the panties got there.
Layla ditched the soiled panties.
Layla took her panties off.
Layla left her soiled panties and left them in the hallway for everybody to see.
Sami came in a little bit late to work.
Sami is super talkative.
Sami was super feisty.
Sami sat down on my desk.
Sami was here.
Sami found the panties under his desk.
Sami is gonna tell you after the break.
Sami is going to tell you after the break.
Sami saw the panties.
Sami clocked in at six.
Sami didn't want to touch the panties.
Sami felt embarrassed for Layla.
Sami picked up the panties from the ground.
Layla dropped her panties on the floor.
Sami walked in from his break.
This is not bravery but stupidity.
Layla took the panties and put them in her purse.
Sami bought shorts.
Sami went back into the room.
Sami is having his break.
Sami married an old bitch.
Sami is always fighting with old people.
Sami doesn't even remember.
Sami doesn't know how long Layla has been there.
Sami was trying so hard not to laugh.
Sami threw the panties in the trash.
Sami was a nice person.
Sami is helping Layla out.
Sami was bullying that lady.
Sami's hair is looking crazy.
Sami needed to breathe.
Sami took those glasses off.
Sami worked at that company for six years.
Sami doesn't know Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami just came down here from New York.
Sami kept saying this.
Sami asked Layla to follow him on Twitter.
Sami made his YouTube video public.
Sami posted a video on YouTube and he made it public.
Sami and Layla had the same training class together.
Sami came to contront Layla.
Sami was doing live chats.
Sami looks so familiar.
Sami doesn't know who those people are.
Sami knows them.
Sami wasn't my roommate yet at that point.
Sami and Layla are so cool.
Sami and Layla had common friends.
Sami started to be nice to Layla.
Sami was about to move in with me.
Sami still considers Farid as his best friend.
Sami doesn't know who this person is.
Layla is a tall bitch.
Sami is about six foot.
Sami used to bully everybody at our school.
Sami wanted to be friends with Layla.
Sami said Layla was his friend.
Sami needs to watch out for Layla.
Layla just loves drama.
Layla faked a pregnancy in high school.
Layla wasn't trying to start a drama.
Layla loved high school drama.
Sami is in high school.
Sami is an adult that behaves like a teenager.
Sami and Layla used to sit by each other.
Sami was sitting by me.
Layla is a few months pregnant.
Sami was like sixty something.
Layla was known for faking pregnancies.
Layla faked a pregnancy in middle school.
Sami was going to jail.
Sami agreed with me.
Sami wasn't ready for kids.
Layla has a baby.
Sami doesn't give a fuck.
Layla was a very tall girl.
Layla had a belly but she wasn't pregnant.
Sami and Layla bought strollers and baby clothing.
Layla was having a girl.
Sami touched Layla's stomach and could feel the baby kicking.
Sami kept his composure.
Sami didn't come here to fight anybody.
Sami and Layla were in the same training class.
Layla was such a socialite.
Sami is cool with them.
Sami went to lunch with the boss.
Sami was bragging about that.
Layla was bragging about the baby.
Sami doesn't think Layla was pregnant.
Sami went to high school with Layla.
Sami remembers what happened to Layal.
Layla had a miscarriage.
Layla said she had a miscarriage.
Layla wasn't able to conceive children.
Layla had a miscarriage when she was very young.
Sami isn't Egyptian.
Sami works at a call center.
Sami placed an order.
Sami didn't show up on Saturday.
Sami noticed that Layla didn't show up on Saturday.
Sami needs to show up on mandatory days.
Sami fired Layla because she didn't show up on a mandatory day.
Sami fired Layla because she didn't come in on a mandatory day.
Sami missed a mandatory day and he was fired.
Sami didn't give the fuck about Layla.
Sami's friend was murdered.
Sami saw Layla on the news.
Sami saw that Layla was upset.
Sami worked there for six years.
Sami took advantage of that.
Layla was going into labor.
Layla was having her baby.
Sami was totally understanding.
Sami really wasn't a good liar.
Sami thought Layla was still pregnant.
Sami came in to work.
Layla was wearing tight jean pants.
Sami sat next to an old woman.
Sami was very humble and sweet.
Sami is in his sixties.
Sami went to his desk.
Sami was basking in attention.
Sami is a Sagitarius.
Sami knew that Layla was lying to him.
Sami was making money.
Sami has pictures of the baby.
Sami hit Layla on the shoulder.
Sami posted pictures on Facebook.
Layla had a miscarriage yesterday.
Sami is going to try again.
Sami was physically shaken.
Sami said it.
Sami has never had children.
Sami ran outside and Layla ran outside with him.
Sami left Layla because she had lost the child.
Sami will never have children.
Sami was bedridden for sometimes.
Sami wants attention.
Sami and Layla don't even know each other.
Layla's husband left her because she had a miscarriage.
Sami needs to go back to his desk.
Sami went somewhere else.
Sami had every right to be feeling like that.
Sami was a pathological liar.
Layla lost a child.
Sami only kept the job for a few months.
Sami never heard from them again.
Sami is on camera.
Sami was wearing a stupid wig.
Sami doesn't like Layla's wig too much.
Sami's glasses were coming off.
Sami didn't pay attention to Layla's hair.
Sami is in front of the camera.
Sami doesn't always look like this.
Sami gives advice on YouTube.
Sami had a roommate.
Sami is Farid's last roommate.
Sami wants to move out.
Sami has to think about this.
Sami called Layla one day.
Sami's call was a buttdial.
Sami and Layla didn't have any bad blood.
Sami was a very sensitive person.
Sami still had all of his shit in that apartment.
Sami is very confrontational.
Sami was just doing what he had to do.
Sami and Layla needed to do that together.
Sami didn't even listen to the voice mail.
Sami knew that Layla was upset.
Sami told Layla that the call was a buttdial.
Sami moved into his new place.
Sami buttdialled Layla.
Sami kept being weird.
Sami doesn't share personal things on his YouTube channel.
Sami and Layla were living with each other.
Sami liked that about Layla.
He is going to go to England for a trip this summer.
Sami was very naive.
Sami was very gullible.
Sami told us two stories in one.
Sami told Layla a short story.
Sami was trying to cook something.
Sami was vegan.
Sami couldn't cook.
Sami could not cook.
Sami didn't know how to cook.
Sami cracked the window open.
Sami cracked the door open.
Sami asked Layla to crack the door open.
Sami didn't really hear Layla.
Sami heard Layla coming home from work.
Sami turned the fire alarm off.
Sami is cooking.
Sami asked Layla to turn the fire alarm off.
Sami went to his bed.
Sami was cooking early in the morning.
Sami didn't know what that was.
Sami bought a dictionary.
Sami had a bathroom inside his room in that apartment.
Sami is still asleep.
She's returned.
Sami opened the door to his room.
Sami's front door is wide open.
Sami was paying his rent.
Sami is sleeping.
Sami checked to see if Layla was alive.
Sami is asleep.
Sami woke up Layla.
Sami made sure that nothing was stolen.
Sami has a lot of expensive things in his room.
Sami had computers and other equipment in his room.
Sami left his front door open.
Sami was renting a room.
Sami did a really stupid thing.
Sami doesn't mind Layla's long stories. In fact, he loves them.
Sami has lived with girls his whole life.
Sami is straight.
Sami and Layla were vegans.
Sami's room was musty.
Sami smelt that odor.
Sami never cooks.
Sami doesn't cook.
Sami's vegetables were spoiling in Layla's fridge.
Sami never had anybody over.
Sami wanted to chill with Layla.
Sami wanted to chill with somebody else.
Sami's door is wide open.
Sami's room is spotless.
Sami's living room is dirty.
Sami's kitchen is disgusting.
Sami's fridge smells.
Sami saw all that dirty shit in the kitchen.
Sami's house was dirty.
Sami's mom will beat his ass.
Sami started cleaning up the living room.
Sami embarrassed Layla in front of everybody.
Sami is cleaning up.
Sami is cleaning up the living room.
Sami was kind of intimidated.
Sami wasn't there anymore.
Sami didn't apologize.
Sami would always do little shit like that.
Sami was doing his job on the computer.
Sami got a picture message from Layla.
Sami sent Layla a picture message.
Sami was watching Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami bolted from his desk and ran out.
Sami asked Layla if she wanted to come inside and she said yes.
Sami kidnapped children.
Sami had his backpack on.
Sami's kids are here, in my apartment.
Sami is in deep shit.
Sami got the kids out of the house.
Sami missed the school bus.
Sami sat outside.
Sami felt the need to do that.
Sami kept the kids out.
Sami is fucking stupid.
Sami got off work at six.
Sami apologized about what happened earlier.
Sami and Layla met each other in high school.
Sami decided to take care of Layla.
Sami reported his kids as missing.
Sami doesn't know Layla's parents.
Sami could get kicked out for this shit.
Sami got questioned by the cops.
Sami deleted all the pictures.
Sami is slow.
Sami is a very slow learner.
Sami is very gullible.
Sami got fired from that job.
Sami had children in his house.
Sami shouldn't fuck with Layla.
Sami is not going to say it.
Sami isn't going to say it.
Sami and Layla ended up parting ways.
Sami needs his own space.
Sami asked Layla to renew the lease for him.
Sami doesn't want to talk about Layla.
Sami's video was long.
Layla fell in love with that wig.
Layla is in love with this wig.
Sami recorded another video after that.
Sami makes funny videos.
Sami makes fun of himself.
Sami is not familiar with this channel.
Sami gave Layla a lot of trust and space.
Sami shouldn't have given Layla all that trust.
Sami kept sending Layla pictures.
Sami doesn't think Layla lives here.
Sami showed me Layla's picture.
Sami confronted Layla about it.
Sami kept liking and commenting on Layla's pictures on Facebook.
Sami doesn't consider this as cheating.
Sami commented on Layla's pictures on Facebook.
Sami doesn't comment on pictures on Facebook.
Sami and Layla are friends on Facebook.
Sami cheated on Layla with other people.
Sami is really young.
Sami can't even talk to Layla.
Sami was only sixteen but he was looking real grown.
Sami was about to turn sixteen.
Sami was shocked that Layla was only sixteen.
Sami got tired of all that cheating.
Sami got tired of it.
Sami was making out with another girl.
Sami went into a room and started fucking.
Sami saw Layla making out with another boy.
Sami was with his older brother.
Sami couldn't believe that Layla could do this.
Sami cheats on me all the time.
Sami has got to tell Layla about that.
Sami dated Layla for a little bit.
Sami was getting cheated on.
Sami knew about that incident.
Sami really doesn't like Layla.
Sami started distancing herself from Layla.
Sami started noticing Layla getting distant.
Sami knew what Layla did.
Sami saw a picture of Layla with Farid on Facebook.
Sami was sitting next to Layla.
Sami let people know that he was in a relationship.
Sami looked single on Facebook.
Sami didn't give a fuck.
Sami was everywhere.
Sami has been messaging Layla on Instagram for a year.
Sami can even ask Layla.
Sami is just living his life.
Sami took Layla to that lake.
Tom is convinced that he's right.
Tom is convinced that he's doing that right thing.
I'm not convinced that ghosts actually exist.
I'm convinced that we can take care of ourselves.
I'm convinced that we can finish this by tomorrow.
I'm convinced that we can do that.
I'm convinced that we can do it.
I'm convinced that my son is innocent.
I'm convinced that I'm doing that right thing.
I convinced Tom he was wrong.
I convinced Tom that he was wrong.
My cat mews a lot.
Tom denied Mary was the one who convinced him to do that.
I wish that I could be convinced otherwise.
Tom's smile convinced Mary he was happy.
Tom's smile convinced Mary that he was happy.
At first, we were all convinced Tom was innocent.
At first, we were all convinced that Tom was innocent.
Are you convinced that this is the right thing to do?
Sami went there every day.
Sami sent me a picture.
Sami sent Layla a video.
Sami was wearing one of Farid's t-shirts.
Sami was sixteen and he was still going through puberty.
Sami wasn't talking to that girl.
Sami can't look at Layla's messages.
Sami blocked me on Facebook.
Sami and Layla wanted to be together.
Sami might put his hands on Layla.
Sami regretted doing that.
Sami and Layla never got together after that.
Sami has been dating Layla for six months.
Sami posted pictures of him on top of Layla.
Sami doesn't want this.
Sami is taking pictures of Layla.
Sami posted pictures of him and Layla on Facebook.
Sami is tired of this shit.
Sami wanted to be with Layla for the rest of his life.
Sami has been talking to Layla for at least a year.
Sami and Layla can't be together.
Sami and Layla cannot be together.
Layla is Sami's currently girlfriend.
Sami and Layla have been dating for six years.
Sami considered this cheating.
Sami played Layal's ass.
Sami saw Layla recently.
Sami looks exactly like Richard Gere.
Sami is kind of pissed off.
Sami doesn't even want this shirt.
Sami deleted the video by accident.
Layla's shirt looks cuter.
Sami was looking real cute in that video.
Sami's YouTube video did really well.
Sami was the only person who knew Layla's true identity.
Sami and Layla were having a good time.
Sami has never been catfished.
Sami was very much into MySpace.
Sami didn't know who Layla is.
Sami's shirt was wrinkled as shit.
Sami is gay.
Sami was coming of age.
Sami was gay and wanted male attention.
Sami was a MySpace model.
Sami was on MySpace.
Sami added Layla on MySpace.
Sami downloaded a texting app.
Sami found Layla's number.
Tom told me that he's not going to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he isn't going to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he had a knife I could borrow.
Tom told me that he had a knife that I could borrow.
Tom told me that he isn't interested in you anymore.
Tom told me he isn't interested in you anymore.
Tom told me that he's not interested in you anymore.
Tom told me that he didn't have as many friends as Mary did.
Tom told me he didn't have as many friends as Mary did.
Tom told me that he didn't have as many friends as Mary.
Tom told me he was afraid Mary might kill him.
Tom told me that he was afraid Mary might kill him.
Tom told me that he was afraid that Mary might kill him.
Tom told me that he thought that he was going to die in prison.
Tom told me he thought that he was going to die in prison.
Tom told me he had a trombone that he wasn't using anymore.
Tom told me that he had a trombone he wasn't using anymore.
Tom told me that he had a trombone that he wasn't using anymore.
Tom told me that he thought he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me that he won.
Tom told me that he cried.
Tom told me that he'd try.
Tom told me that he'd win.
Tom told me that he'd come.
Tom told me that he'd help.
Tom told me that he'd sing.
Tom told me that he'd wait.
Tom told me that he'd do it.
Tom told me that he'd leave.
Tom told me that he did that.
Tom told me that he felt hot.
Tom told me that he knew you.
Tom told me that he liked it.
Tom told me that he told you.
Tom told me that he'd buy it.
Tom told me that he disagreed.
Tom told me that he felt cold.
Tom told me that he felt fine.
Tom told me that he felt safe.
Tom told me that he felt sick.
Tom told me that he felt weak.
Tom told me that he had to go.
Tom told me that he knew Mary.
Tom told me that he might win.
Tom told me that he should go.
Tom told me that he was dying.
Tom told me that he'd be back.
Tom told me that he'd be here.
Tom told me that he'd call me.
Tom told me that he'd help me.
Tom told me that he'd help us.
Tom told me that he called you.
Tom told me that he didn't cry.
Tom told me that he didn't win.
Tom told me that he enjoyed it.
Tom told me that he felt tired.
Tom told me that he had a cold.
Tom told me that he had a plan.
Tom told me that he knows Mary.
Tom told me that he left early.
Tom told me that he liked Mary.
Tom told me that he liked rain.
Tom told me that he liked snow.
Tom told me that he loved Mary.
Sami wasn't very tech-savvy.
Tom told me that he understood.
Tom told me that he was a poet.
Tom told me that he was thirty.
Tom told me that he wasn't mad.
Tom told me that he'd be there.
Tom told me that he'd call you.
Tom told me that he could do it.
Tom told me that he didn't know.
Tom told me that he felt better.
Tom told me that he felt hungry.
Tom told me that he had a knife.
Tom told me that he liked pizza.
Tom told me that he may do that.
Tom told me that he plans to go.
Tom told me that he walked home.
Tom told me that he was annoyed.
Tom told me that he was unhappy.
Tom told me that he was working.
Tom told me that he was wounded.
Tom told me that he wasn't busy.
Tom told me that he wasn't sick.
Tom told me that he wasn't sure.
Tom told me that he'd been busy.
Tom told me that he'd been sick.
Tom told me that he'd help Mary.
Tom told me that he'd stay home.
Tom told me that he'd try again.
Tom told me that he'd walk home.
Tom told me that he ate too much.
Tom told me that he could fix it.
Tom told me that he didn't agree.
Tom told me that he didn't do it.
Tom told me that he didn't smoke.
Tom told me that he felt seasick.
Tom told me that he had no money.
Tom told me that he had to leave.
Tom told me that he had to split.
Tom told me that he isn't hungry.
Tom told me that he needed money.
Tom told me that he tried to win.
Tom told me that he wanted to go.
Tom told me that he wants to die.
Tom told me that he wants to win.
Tom told me that he was Canadian.
Tom told me that he was a doctor.
Tom told me that he was finished.
Tom told me that he was mistaken.
Tom told me that he was unbiased.
Tom told me that he was worn out.
Tom told me that he wasn't alone.
Tom told me that he wasn't angry.
Tom told me that he wasn't bored.
Tom told me that he wasn't happy.
Tom told me that he wasn't tired.
Tom told me that he wasn't upset.
Tom told me that he wouldn't cry.
Tom told me that he wouldn't win.
Tom told me that he'd likely cry.
Tom told me that he'd look at it.
Tom told me that he'd try to win.
Tom told me that he believed Mary.
Tom told me that he believed that.
Tom told me that he could help us.
Tom told me that he could take it.
Tom told me that he couldn't wait.
Tom told me that he couldn't walk.
Tom told me that he didn't get it.
Tom told me that he felt offended.
Tom told me that he liked my idea.
Tom told me that he might not win.
Tom told me that he speaks French.
Tom told me that he wanted to cry.
Tom told me that he wanted to die.
Tom told me that he wanted to win.
Tom told me that he was an artist.
Tom told me that he was concerned.
Tom told me that he was done, too.
Tom told me that he was in Boston.
Tom told me that he wasn't coming.
Tom told me that he wasn't hungry.
Tom told me that he wasn't sleepy.
Tom told me that he won't do that.
Tom told me that he would do that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't wait.
Tom told me that he'd sort it out.
Tom told me that he'd wait for us.
Tom told me that he did that wrong.
Tom told me that he didn't do that.
Tom told me that he found his keys.
Tom told me that he had a headache.
Tom told me that he had no regrets.
Tom told me that he had to do that.
Tom told me that he heard gunshots.
Tom told me that he knew the rules.
Tom told me that he liked swimming.
Tom told me that he needed a favor.
Tom told me that he needed my help.
Tom told me that he needed to talk.
Tom told me that he never saw Mary.
Tom told me that he owed Mary $300.
Tom told me that he plans on going.
Tom told me that he should do that.
Tom told me that he studied French.
Tom told me that he visited Boston.
Tom told me that he wanted my help.
Tom told me that he wanted to help.
Tom told me that he wanted to quit.
Tom told me that he wanted to talk.
Tom told me that he was doing fine.
Tom told me that he was doing that.
Tom told me that he was going home.
Tom told me that he was happy here.
Tom told me that he was having fun.
Tom told me that he was in a hurry.
Tom told me that he was very happy.
Tom told me that he was very upset.
Tom told me that he wasn't in pain.
Tom told me that he wasn't injured.
Tom told me that he wasn't married.
Tom told me that he wasn't nervous.
Tom told me that he wasn't so sure.
Tom told me that he wasn't thirsty.
Tom told me that he wasn't worried.
Tom told me that he won't marry me.
Tom told me that he'd also do that.
Tom told me that he'd call at 2:30.
Tom told me that he'd call me back.
Tom told me that he'd do that soon.
Sami was pretending to be another person.
Sami likes Layla's personality.
Sami wanted to get some attention.
Sami bought some pictures.
Layla was super pretty.
Layla was pretty.
Layla was very pretty.
Sami had a ton of pictures on MySpace.
Tom told me that he'd do that, too.
Tom told me that he'd go to Boston.
Tom told me that he'd like to help.
Tom told me that he'd look into it.
Tom told me that he'd love to help.
Tom told me that he'd talk to Mary.
Tom told me that he'd visit Boston.
Tom told me that he'd wait and see.
Tom told me that he could handle it.
Tom told me that he could help Mary.
Tom told me that he did that for us.
Tom told me that he didn't eat meat.
Tom told me that he didn't eat pork.
Tom told me that he didn't see Mary.
Tom told me that he found something.
Tom told me that he got there first.
Tom told me that he intended to win.
Tom told me that he knew how I felt.
Tom told me that he knew my brother.
Tom told me that he knew what to do.
Tom told me that he knows the rules.
Tom told me that he liked the movie.
Tom told me that he liked the party.
Tom told me that he never said that.
Tom told me that he owed Mary money.
Tom told me that he used to be rich.
Tom told me that he wanted a lawyer.
Tom told me that he wanted to leave.
Tom told me that he was feeling bad.
Tom told me that he was from Boston.
Tom told me that he was headed home.
Tom told me that he was over thirty.
Tom told me that he was pessimistic.
Tom told me that he was ready to go.
Tom told me that he was really busy.
Tom told me that he wasn't offended.
Tom told me that he wasn't prepared.
Tom told me that he wasn't ticklish.
Tom told me that he'd be ready soon.
Tom told me that he'd be right back.
Tom told me that he'd be right over.
Tom told me that he'd call tomorrow.
Tom told me that he'd do that again.
Tom told me that he'd do that later.
Tom told me that he'd fly to Boston.
Tom told me that he'd left his wife.
Tom told me that he'd never do that.
Tom told me that he'd vote for Mary.
Tom told me that he's never met you.
Tom told me that he appreciated that.
Tom told me that he ate way too much.
Tom told me that he couldn't breathe.
Tom told me that he couldn't do that.
Tom told me that he couldn't help me.
Tom told me that he did that already.
Tom told me that he did that for you.
Tom told me that he did that in 2013.
Tom told me that he didn't feel cold.
Tom told me that he didn't feel safe.
Tom told me that he didn't feel well.
Tom told me that he didn't kiss Mary.
Tom told me that he didn't know Mary.
Tom told me that he didn't like beer.
Tom told me that he didn't like cats.
Tom told me that he didn't like dogs.
Tom told me that he doesn't eat meat.
Tom told me that he doesn't eat pork.
Tom told me that he enjoyed the show.
Tom told me that he enjoyed the view.
Tom told me that he forgot something.
Tom told me that he had a job for me.
Tom told me that he had to stay home.
Tom told me that he had to walk home.
Tom told me that he had to work late.
Tom told me that he hasn't seen Mary.
Tom told me that he hated doing that.
Tom told me that he isn't sleepy yet.
Tom told me that he liked doing that.
Tom told me that he liked to do that.
Tom told me that he likes doing that.
Tom told me that he likes to do that.
Tom told me that he needed more time.
Tom told me that he needed some cash.
Tom told me that he needs to do that.
Tom told me that he ought to do that.
Tom told me that he plans to do that.
Tom told me that he saw Mary tonight.
Tom told me that he tried to do that.
Tom told me that he wanted me to win.
Tom told me that he wants to do that.
Tom told me that he was all worn out.
Tom told me that he was appreciative.
Tom told me that he was glad to help.
Tom told me that he was going to win.
Tom told me that he was still afraid.
Tom told me that he wasn't an expert.
Tom told me that he wasn't impressed.
Tom told me that he wasn't in Boston.
Tom told me that he wasn't surprised.
Tom told me that he'd be coming back.
Tom told me that he'd call you later.
Tom told me that he'd do that for us.
Tom told me that he'd help Mary, too.
Tom told me that he'd likely do that.
Sami catfished Farid.
Tom told me that he'd never leave me.
Tom told me that he'd rather go home.
Tom told me that he'd try doing that.
Tom told me that he'd try to do that.
Tom told me that he called the police.
Tom told me that he did nothing wrong.
Tom told me that he didn't have a car.
Tom told me that he doesn't know Mary.
Tom told me that he enjoyed the party.
Tom told me that he knew who did that.
Tom told me that he might not do that.
Tom told me that he needed more money.
Tom told me that he wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he was feeling dizzy.
Tom told me that he was going to help.
Tom told me that he was really hungry.
Tom told me that he wasn't happy here.
Tom told me that he would sort it out.
Tom told me that he's getting married.
Tom told me that he's never done that.
Tom told me that he couldn't stay long.
Tom told me that he didn't like boxing.
Tom told me that he didn't want to win.
Tom told me that he enjoyed the picnic.
Tom told me that he found a job for me.
Tom told me that he likes Chinese food.
Tom told me that he preferred red wine.
Tom told me that he used to be married.
Tom told me that he was glad to see me.
Tom told me that he wasn't coming back.
Tom told me that he wasn't discouraged.
Tom told me that he wasn't embarrassed.
Tom told me that he wasn't ready to go.
Tom told me that he wasn't very hungry.
Tom told me that he would go to Boston.
Tom told me that he wouldn't stay long.
Tom told me that he'd be ready by 2:30.
Tom told me that he's leaving tomorrow.
Tom told me that he didn't like fishing.
Tom told me that he didn't need my help.
Tom told me that he didn't see anything.
Tom told me that he didn't speak French.
Tom told me that he didn't study French.
Tom told me that he didn't teach French.
Tom told me that he didn't want me here.
Tom told me that he enjoyed the concert.
Tom told me that he felt bad about that.
Tom told me that he had some work to do.
Tom told me that he knew how to do that.
Tom told me that he plans on doing that.
Tom told me that he saw you at the mall.
Tom told me that he saw you two kissing.
Tom told me that he thought he saw Mary.
Tom told me that he wanted to kiss Mary.
Tom told me that he wanted to meet Mary.
Tom told me that he wants to go with us.
Tom told me that he was home last night.
Tom told me that he was studying French.
Tom told me that he was teaching French.
Tom told me that he wasn't sick anymore.
Tom told me that he won't do that again.
Tom told me that he bought these for you.
Tom told me that he didn't like swimming.
Tom told me that he hasn't done that yet.
Tom told me that he lived on Park Street.
Tom told me that he thought he could win.
Tom told me that he thought he might win.
Tom told me that he wanted me to do that.
Tom told me that he was afraid of snakes.
Tom told me that he was going to the gym.
Tom told me that he was looking for Mary.
Tom told me that he'd be glad to help me.
Tom told me that he'd win, but he didn't.
Tom told me that he checked the oil level.
Tom told me that he couldn't speak French.
Tom told me that he didn't have an office.
Tom told me that he didn't have any money.
Tom told me that he didn't have insurance.
Tom told me that he didn't have much time.
Tom told me that he didn't like this book.
Tom told me that he had a right to see it.
Tom told me that he had skipped breakfast.
Tom told me that he knew where Mary lived.
Tom told me that he planned to rob a bank.
Tom told me that he probably wouldn't win.
Tom told me that he thought you could win.
Tom told me that he thought you were cute.
Tom told me that he was going to kill you.
Tom told me that he wasn't just a teacher.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning to go.
Tom told me that he would be here by 2:30.
Tom told me that he'd complain about that.
Tom told me that he'd eat lunch with Mary.
Tom told me that he'd forgotten something.
Tom told me that he'd never be late again.
Tom told me that he didn't have a passport.
Sami and Layla were in the same class.
Sami didn't really think anything of it.
Sami feels guilty.
Sami took this too far.
Sami took that too far.
Sami sent Layla some nudes.
Sami was taking it very far.
Sami was talking to multiple girls at once.
Sami and Layla went to middle school together.
Sami set up a catfish account.
Sami was staying out of it.
Sami is guilty, too.
Sami is gonna get caught.
Sami is going to get caught.
Sami is just jealous.
Sami kept his mouth shut.
Sami is gonna keep his mouth shut.
Sami promised he wouldn't tell anybody.
Sami was really fucked up.
Sami is going to keep his mouth shut.
Sami is my friend's ex-boyfriend.
Sami was talking to another girl.
Sami and Faridn were both talking to the same girl at the same time.
Sami was a thug.
Sami didn't tell anybody else.
Sami was loving that attention.
Sami texts Layla all the time.
Sami found out that Layla was in fact Farid.
Sami was using some of Layla's pictures.
Sami used Layla's picture of his fake profile on Facebook.
Sami knows this girl is Layla.
Sami contacted that girl.
Sami doesn't live here.
Sami never talked to Layla before.
Sami used this app to edit pictures.
Layla ended up being Sami's girlfriend.
Sami wasn't talking to anybody.
Sami wanted more attention.
Sami and Layla were sitting at lunch together.
Sami said he was good.
Sami was in the lunch line.
Sami saw Layla in the snack line.
Sami noticed that Layla was staring at Farid.
Sami was in the line.
Sami was trying to calm down Layla.
Sami stole off on Layla and punched her dead in the jaw.
Sami got up from his table so fast.
Sami called the school security.
Sami broke up the fight between Farid and Salim.
Sami was holding his mouth.
Sami was taken to the office.
Sami's parents were there.
Sami's dad was so pissed.
Sami didn't say anything wrong.
Sami shouldn't have told anyone about this.
Sami didn't deserve to get kicked out.
Sami fought a gay boy.
Tom told me that he needed to borrow three hundred dollars.
Tom told me that he found something that might interest me.
Tom told me that he didn't know what he was supposed to do.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he had to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he wanted to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he needed to do that.
Tom told me that he wasn't going to be at school tomorrow.
Tom told me that he was going to help me with my homework.
Tom told me that he was going to be busy all day tomorrow.
Tom told me that he was different from all the other guys.
Tom told me that he thought he was going to die in prison.
Tom told me that he slept for only three hours last night.
Tom told me that he planned on waiting until Monday to go.
Tom told me that he needed to get something off his chest.
Tom told me that he doesn't know any other way to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't know why Mary did what she did.
Tom told me that he didn't have time to do that right now.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to be here tomorrow.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning on staying very long.
Tom told me that he was interested in visiting Australia.
Tom told me that he was going to try to find another job.
Tom told me that he didn't have to be at today's meeting.
Tom told me that he didn't have enough money to buy that.
Tom told me that he didn't have any brothers and sisters.
Tom told me that he didn't actually want to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he couldn't remember the teacher's name.
Tom told me that he wouldn't eat dinner with us tonight.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do what I wanted him to do.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning on joining the team.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning on eating out today.
Tom told me that he wanted Mary to learn how to do that.
Tom told me that he walked through the woods by himself.
Tom told me that he thought it would be safe to do that.
Tom told me that he plans to go swimming this afternoon.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he had to do that.
Yesterday, Tom told me that he didn't know how to swim.
Tom told me that he wanted to live on a secluded beach.
Tom told me that he thought it would be fun to do that.
Tom told me that he thought he had a chance of winning.
Tom told me that he planned to wait until Monday to go.
Tom told me that he had studied French for three years.
Tom told me that he doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom told me that he didn't study French in high school.
Tom told me that he didn't really want to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he didn't have much money in the bank.
Tom told me that he didn't have any plans for tomorrow.
Tom told me that he didn't get enough sleep last night.
Tom told me that he asked Mary to the homecoming dance.
Tom told me that he wouldn't take up much of our time.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to help me today.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning to stay very long.
Tom told me that he was looking forward to doing that.
Tom told me that he wanted me to learn how to do that.
Tom told me that he thought it would be OK to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom told me that he didn't want to do that by himself.
Tom told me that he didn't take French in high school.
Tom told me that he didn't have as much money as Mary.
Tom told me that he didn't have any friends in Boston.
Tom told me that he couldn't wait to get out of there.
Yesterday, Tom told me that he couldn't speak French.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning to join the team.
Tom told me that he was planning to retire next year.
Tom told me that he was going to go home early today.
Tom told me that he has a few things to take care of.
Tom told me that he had an old computer I could have.
Tom told me that he had a few things to take care of.
Tom told me that he didn't have a dollar to his name.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he'd done that.
Tom told me that he'd walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be staying much longer.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be in Boston next week.
Tom told me that he wasn't going to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he was thinking of going to Boston.
Tom told me that he usually eats breakfast at seven.
Tom told me that he knows who Mary's grandfather is.
Tom told me that he didn't actually want to do that.
Tom told me that he couldn't remember what happened.
Tom told me that he'd never tell anyone about that.
Tom told me that he was planning to move to Boston.
Tom told me that he was hoping to get into Harvard.
Tom told me that he was going to clean up his room.
Tom told me that he was doing some undercover work.
Tom told me that he wanted to visit Mary in Boston.
Tom told me that he wanted to learn how to do that.
Tom told me that he wanted to go mountain climbing.
Tom told me that he plans on staying at the Hilton.
Tom told me that he had nothing to look forward to.
Tom told me that he didn't sleep at all last night.
Tom told me that he didn't know anybody named Mary.
Tom told me that he didn't have a driver's license.
Tom told me that he already knew he had to do that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be home this weekend.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom told me that he was just trying to be helpful.
Tom told me that he wanted me to do that for Mary.
Tom told me that he thought I was wasting my time.
Tom told me that he doesn't want to work with you.
Tom told me that he didn't want to live in Boston.
Tom told me that he didn't know why Mary had left.
Tom told me that he didn't have very many friends.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he loved me.
Tom told me that he's still not fluent in French.
Tom told me that he's not going to do that again.
Tom told me that he'd wait until 2:to do that.
Tom told me that he'd do that if I did that, too.
Tom told me that he'd be glad to help me do that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't get home until 2:30.
Tom told me that he won't be in Boston next week.
Tom told me that he wasn't sure he could do that.
Tom told me that he wanted to do that by himself.
Tom told me that he wanted me to stop doing that.
Tom told me that he wanted me to do that for him.
Tom told me that he thought this was a good idea.
Tom told me that he needed to buy some new tools.
Tom told me that he needed to buy a new computer.
Tom told me that he had to go back to the office.
Tom told me that he had the information I wanted.
Tom told me that he didn't like living in Boston.
Tom told me that he didn't know where Mary lived.
Tom told me that he and Mary had gotten divorced.
Tom told me that he already has plans for Monday.
Yesterday, Tom told me that he didn't know Mary.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that until 2:30.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that by himself.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me that he wasn't much older than Mary.
Tom told me that he wasn't going back to Boston.
Tom told me that he wasn't actually the manager.
Tom told me that he wasn't able to speak French.
Tom told me that he was sick, which wasn't true.
Tom told me that he was having trouble sleeping.
Tom told me that he was going to sell his house.
Tom told me that he was going to commit suicide.
Tom told me that he wanted to leave the company.
Tom told me that he thought he wouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought he couldn't do that.
Tom told me that he sleeps with the window open.
Tom told me that he sells about cars a year.
Tom told me that he plans to stay at the Hilton.
Tom told me that he needed to borrow some money.
Tom told me that he needed some time to himself.
Tom told me that he had information on your son.
Tom told me that he found something interesting.
Tom told me that he doesn't remember doing that.
Tom told me that he doesn't know Mary very well.
Tom told me that he didn't want to study French.
Tom told me that he didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he didn't want to eat any more.
Tom told me that he didn't like speaking French.
Tom told me that he didn't have time to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't feel like doing that.
Tom told me that he couldn't do that by himself.
Tom told me that he wasn't very good at tennis.
Tom told me that he wasn't very good at French.
Tom told me that he wasn't prepared to do that.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning to do that.
Tom told me that he wasn't on the team anymore.
Tom told me that he was too sick to work today.
Tom told me that he wanted to quit the company.
Tom told me that he wanted to do that tomorrow.
Tom told me that he didn't remember doing that.
Tom told me that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't know Mary very well.
Tom told me that he'd wait until we got there.
Tom told me that he'd never seen one of these.
Tom told me that he was married to a Canadian.
Tom told me that he was going to try it again.
Tom told me that he was going to talk to Mary.
Tom told me that he was going to kill himself.
Tom told me that he was born in this hospital.
Tom told me that he waited for thirty minutes.
Tom told me that he showed his tattoo to Mary.
Tom told me that he saw somebody kissing Mary.
Tom told me that he probably wouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he plans on joining the team.
Tom told me that he had no time to read books.
Tom told me that he didn't like playing chess.
Tom told me that he didn't like green peppers.
Tom told me that he didn't feel like laughing.
Tom told me that he's never eaten horse meat.
Tom told me that he'd wait for us until 2:30.
Tom told me that he'd never done that before.
Tom told me that he'd do that, but he didn't.
Tom told me that he wouldn't help us do that.
Tom told me that he would be here about 2:30.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning on going.
Tom told me that he was good at water skiing.
Tom told me that he wanted to be a scientist.
Tom told me that he thought he might do that.
Tom told me that he plans on taking pictures.
Tom told me that he likes this kind of music.
Tom told me that he liked this kind of music.
Tom told me that he knew how to speak French.
Tom told me that he had never been to Boston.
Tom told me that he first met Mary in Boston.
Tom told me that he didn't want to tell Mary.
Tom told me that he didn't do anything wrong.
Tom told me that he couldn't help me do that.
Tom told me that he came from a large family.
Tom told me that he bought a house in Boston.
Tom told me that he'd just gotten a divorce.
Tom told me that he wouldn't eat until 2:30.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be coming back.
Tom told me that he wasn't ready to go home.
Tom told me that he wasn't going to help me.
Tom told me that he was tired of doing that.
Tom told me that he was finished doing that.
Tom told me that he was feeling a bit tired.
Tom told me that he wanted to eat Thai food.
Tom told me that he wanted to do that today.
Tom told me that he wanted to do that alone.
Tom told me that he thought he wouldn't win.
Tom told me that he thought he couldn't win.
Tom told me that he likes going to concerts.
Tom told me that he felt the same way I did.
Tom told me that he didn't have time to eat.
Tom told me that he didn't have any regrets.
Tom told me that he didn't have any enemies.
Tom told me that he didn't get enough sleep.
Tom told me that he didn't feel like eating.
Tom told me that he didn't care what we did.
Tom told me that he's never talked to Mary.
Tom told me that he's never been to Boston.
Tom told me that he'd try doing that again.
Tom told me that he'd like to come with us.
Tom told me that he'd do whatever it takes.
Tom told me that he wouldn't vote for Mary.
Tom told me that he would agree to do that.
Tom told me that he won't agree to do that.
Tom told me that he was sick of doing that.
Tom told me that he was really happy there.
Tom told me that he wanted to teach French.
Tom told me that he wanted to quit his job.
Tom told me that he wanted to learn French.
Tom told me that he wanted to buy a jacket.
Tom told me that he wanted to be a teacher.
Tom told me that he used to live in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could win.
Tom told me that he plans to take pictures.
Tom told me that he plans to join the team.
Tom told me that he might agree to do that.
Tom told me that he likes living in Boston.
Tom told me that he had trouble doing that.
Tom told me that he doesn't have much time.
Tom told me that he didn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't like eating out.
Tom told me that he didn't like doing that.
Tom told me that he didn't know what to do.
Tom told me that he didn't have to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't have much money.
Tom is pretty organized.
I'd love to do it again.
I'm very disappointed in Tom.
I'd rather be by myself.
Tom is pretty secretive.
I still don't agree with Tom.
I'm happy to be through.
Tom is pretty talkative.
I told Tom why I wasn't there.
I'm pretty disorganized.
Tom was obviously awake.
I'm starting a new life.
I told Tom why I'd left early.
I've made no commitment.
Tom was obviously blind.
It's pretty wet outside.
I understand why Tom did that.
I can't reach the remote.
Sami wanted to hear Layla's opinion.
Sami has been catfished.
Sami is obviously wrong.
Sami is wearing a beanie.
Sami should jump right into the story.
Sami was still in college at this time.
Sami lived in a one-bedroom apartment.
Sami really kept to himself.
Sami came home from class.
Sami said there was something wrong with Layla's car.
Sami called Layla racist names.
Sami looked like a ghost.
Sami asked Layla if she had jumper cables.
Sami got a new car.
Sami gave Layla a toolbox containing everything she needed to fix her car.
Sami was just looking at us.
Sami said that Layla was his sister.
Sami should definitely help Layla.
Sami asked Layla if she smoked weed.
Sami went upstairs to his house.
Sami worked two different jobs.
Sami was into entertainment.
Sami came home at six.
Sami saw Layla crying.
Sami's sister answered the door.
Sami saw Layla's sister.
Sami noticed that Layla was looking at Farid.
Sami and Layla had a physical altercation.
Sami and Layla came outside.
Sami doesn't want to hear about that.
Sami kept changing the subject.
Sami and Layla ended up fighting.
Sami cut it short.
Sami is alone right now.
Sami knew that Layla was going to smoke some weed.
Sami understood.
Sami can go chill with his friends.
Sami's room was completely empty.
Layla is Sami's older sister.
Sami's sister is around my mother's age.
Sami is embarrassed as fuck.
Sami is smoking weed in the bathroom.
Sami were out, chilling.
Sami and Layla were smoking.
Sami and Layla were smoking weed together.
Sami and Layla were chilling.
Sami was there for me.
Sami isn't going to judge Layla.
Sami helped me a lot.
Sami and Layla looked very close in age.
Sami was Egyptian but he dyed his hair blond.
Sami was also Egyptian.
Sami was very short.
Sami and Layla didn't look similar.
Sami and Layla still look similar.
Sami has siblings.
Sami and Layla were siblings.
Sami got so pissed.
Sami worked at Walmart.
Layla doesn't want to be around men.
Sami and Layla were just chilling in her house.
Sami was ranting.
Sami didn't reply to Layla's text.
Sami needs to mind his fucking business.
Sami was very flirtatious with Layla.
Sami didn't even notice that.
Sami is fine, too.
Sami considers this a problem.
Sami knew all that stuff.
Sami did this once.
Sami hasn't done anything yet.
Sami experimented with weed.
Sami was eating biscuits.
Sami wasn't at work.
Layla is my homeboy's sister.
Sami acting weird.
Sami was living in Layla's house.
Layla had a sugar daddy and he was paying her rent.
Sami evicted Layla.
Sami is originally from Egypt.
Sami illegally came to Canada.
Sami said that Layla was his girlfriend.
Sami wasn't being honest.
Sami and Layla weren't attracted to each other anymore.
Sami and Farid were both attracted to Layla.
Sami was being honest with me.
Sami and Layla were both there for me.
Tom was obviously bored.
I can't see any solution.
I've never done that with Tom.
I can't wait to find out.
Tom was obviously sorry.
I could be totally wrong.
I could use a good laugh.
I couldn't reach my cane.
I don't know what Tom believes.
I don't have any answers.
Tom is pretty articulate.
I don't regret any of it.
I told Tom what I wanted to do.
I don't think it's vital.
Sami spilled his whole story to Layla.
We lived in Boston for a long time.
Sami didn't smash either of the girls.
Sami was a really cool person.
Sami robbed one of my neighbors.
Sami ransacked Layla's house.
We lived in Boston a long time.
Sami was caught in a weird love triangle.
Sami and Layla were really nice people.
Sami needs to join.
Sami has a full-time job.
Sami is doing a new video.
Sami had two job at once.
Sami had a job and was in college.
Sami had a cleaning job.
Sami came regularly.
Mennad is cleaning up the house.
Sami found that hard.
Sami found that hard to do.
Sami is talking about Layla.
Sami is talking about his girlfriend.
Sami was being immature, too.
Sami's story focused especially on Layla.
Sami needed that job.
Sami needed a job at the time.
Sami was hiring new people.
Sami was only sixteen years old at the time.
Sami was earning six dollars an hour.
Sami wanted Layla to train Farid.
Sami's family isn't dirty.
Sami knows how to clean.
Sami doesn't need to teach Layla how to clean the house.
Sami got to Layla's house.
Sami had to drive his own car.
Sami and Layla took the same car.
Sami can't drive two cars at the same time.
Sami was sitting on the patio.
Sami is supposed to go to that house.
Sami and Layla cleaned up the house together.
Sami came in the house.
Sami bought some cleaning equipment.
Sami's house doesn't look dirty.
Sami and Layla were working.
Sami has some liquor in the freezer.
Sami ordered some pizza.
Sami was walking fast.
Sami is calling his manager.
Sami brought the suitcases upstairs.
Sami didn't need anything.
Sami removed the stain.
Sami scrubbed the stain.
Sami doesn't think it is going to work.
Sami was cleaning the house.
Sami's room needs to be spotless.
Sami moved into a new apartment.
Sami and Layla were in the apartment.
Sami walked around the living room.
Sami's kitchen was disgusting.
Sami broke the garbage disposal.
Sami's dishwasher had hair in it.
Sami put the rusty fork in the dishwasher.
Sami found hair in the dishwasher.
Sami's bedroom needed some dusting.
Sami's bedroom was pretty small.
Sami went to the master bedroom.
Sami was vacuuming the master bedroom.
Sami was pooping in the bathtub.
Sami's dog pooped in the kitchen.
Sami was making soup.
Sami's sink was yellow.
Sami was yelling at his computer.
Sami had his gloves on.
Sami already had his gloves on.
Sami is in the next bedroom.
Sami has two bathrooms.
Sami opened that door.
Sami opened the door to the bathroom.
Sami thought he was going crazy.
Sami has the dirtiest bathroom in the world.
Sami found hair in the drain of the bathtub.
Sami had no words to describe that.
Sami's bathroom is disgusting.
Sami filmed Layla's disgusting bathroom.
Sami hated bugs.
Sami was with two other people.
Sami stayed in that bathroom for an hour and a half.
Sami needs a bulldozer to clean this bathroom.
Sami quit that job.
Sami's toilet was brown.
Sami needs to flush the toilet.
Sami's house is dirty.
Sami's mom saw his tattoo.
Sami didn't want Layla to see his tattoos.
Sami doesn't want his mother to see his tattoo.
Sami won't let this happen.
Sami will not let this happen.
Sami is not sick.
Sami isn't sick.
Sami's nose is still red.
Sami was sick.
Sami looked sick.
Sami looked sad.
Sami looked sick and sad.
Sami isn't going to talk about it anymore.
Sami started posting videos on YouTube.
Sami liked to do this.
Sami loved doing this.
Sami got better.
Sami knows that Layla is from Cairo.
Sami skipped up a grade.
Sami wanted to get a tattoo.
Sami was younger than everybody there.
Sami wanted to do it, too.
Sami went there after school.
Sami was humble.
Sami wanted to go there.
Sami's family lived there.
Sami built a house.
Sami is an artist.
Sami is obviously an artist.
Sami is good with his hands.
Sami had a little studio in his house.
Sami is a Gemini like me.
Sami's girlfriend was there.
Sami's girlfriend really liked me, too.
Sami was totally sweet.
Sami was totally down-to-earth.
Sami needed to relax.
Sami keeps saying that.
Sami got scared of me.
Sami wanted a tattoo on his ankle.
Sami knows where ankle is.
Sami knows where his heel is.
Sami hates tattoos.
Sami knows more that Layla.
Sami wanted a new tattoo.
Sami is looking at it.
Sami wanted to steal that car.
Sami didn't mind it.
Sami doesn't wear pants.
Sami is not a tattoo artist.
Sami isn't a tattoo artist.
Layla wasted three hours doing her hair.
Sami hid the tattoo for years.
Sami saw Layla's car in the parking lot.
Sami was speed-walking.
Sami went directly to the shower.
Sami thought that his tattoo would rinse away.
Sami knows that tattoos are permanent.
Sami was showing off his tattoo.
Layla was looking cute.
Sami smacked Layla's wrist.
Sami saw Layla's tattoo.
Sami covered his tattoo.
Tom told me that he wanted to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom told me that he could swim well, but he really couldn't.
Tom told me that he didn't need to use a wheelchair anymore.
Tom told me that he doesn't care whether you like it or not.
Tom told me that he had never wanted to work for his father.
Tom told me that he had three hundred dollars in his wallet.
Tom told me that he planned to wait until Monday to do that.
Tom told me that he wanted to buy a new battery for his car.
Tom told me that he wanted to wait until October to do that.
Tom told me that he was going to ask you to be his best man.
Tom told me that he was planning to go to Boston in October.
Tom told me that he was planning to go to college in Boston.
Tom told me that he's been living in Boston for three years.
I can't remember where Tom told me that he hid the documents.
Tom told me that he doesn't care whether you like him or not.
Tom told me that he loved me and I told him I loved him, too.
Tom told me that he thought it would be dangerous to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he wanted me to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom told me that he was very surprised to see Mary doing that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that unless I did it with him.
I laughed when Tom told me that he was planning to get married.
Tom told me that he planned on waiting until Monday to do that.
Tom told me that he thought he was going to be able to do that.
Tom told me that he'd wait for us in front of the Hilton Hotel.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he didn't have to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he didn't need to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he didn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't have very much experience doing that.
Tom told me that he didn't know anyone who lived on Park Street.
Tom told me that he didn't know anybody who lived on Park Street.
Tom told me he didn't know anybody who lived on Park Street.
Tom told me that he didn't want to wait until Monday to do that.
Tom told me that he had a daughter he'd like to introduce me to.
Tom told me that he had a daughter that he'd like to introduce me to.
Tom told me he had a daughter that he'd like to introduce me to.
Tom told me that he thought it would be OK to eat these berries.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he wanted me to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't want to wait until October to do that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't go to Boston unless I went with him.
Tom told me that he was going to be on the road until next Monday.
Tom told me that he was going to the hospital to visit his father.
Tom told me that he was going to the hospital to visit Mary.
Tom told me he was going to the hospital to visit Mary.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't recognize Mary the last time he saw her.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be late, but he still hasn't shown up.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he wasn't going to do that.
Tom told me that he first met Mary in Boston when he was a teenager.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he was planning to get married.
Tom told me that he was planning to go on a cycling trip next summer.
Tom told me that he was not at all interested in what Mary had to say.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he'd spent three years in prison.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he planned to visit Mary the next time he went to Boston.
Tom told me that he checked out a book about Boston from the local library.
Tom told me that he didn't know why Mary didn't do what she should've done.
Tom told me that he was not at all interested in going to the museum with us.
Tom told me that he didn't know why Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Tom told me that he found an interesting book about Boston at the local library.
Tom told me that he found something in the garden that I might be interested in.
Tom told me that he got the tattoo on his right arm when he was living in Boston.
Tom told me that he was too tired to study tonight, so he just wanted to watch TV.
Layla wore ruffled socks.
Sami wanted to cover his tattoo.
Sami took off his socks.
Sami wore socks to cover his tattoo.
Sami came down from New York to see us.
Sami lives with us now.
Sami doesn't remember what he was doing.
Sami and Layla were drinking together.
Sami said that loud as fuck.
Sami asked Layla to let him see her tattoo.
Sami is about to die.
Sami just got quiet.
Sami let Layla see his tattoo.
Sami grabbed Layla's wrist.
Sami is going to sue Layla.
Sami wanted to sue the tattooe artist.
Sami is the friend of a friend.
Sami told Layla to stay in her room.
Sami ruined everything.
Sami is not dead.
Sami isn't dead.
Sami grounded his daughter.
Sami did not kill Layla.
Sami didn't agree with Layla.
Sami needs to slow down.
Sami got another tattoos.
Sami got six tattoos in a year.
Sami got six tattoos and a piercing.
Sami is not going to stop Layla.
Sami isn't going to stop Layla.
Sami is posting the video on Saturday.
Sami is subscribed.
Layla didn't do her eyeliner.
Sami is wearing a white shirt.
Sami was picked on when he was in middle school.
Sami was picked on when he was younger.
Sami said that the South is still racist.
Sami still lives here.
Aart is racist.
Sami said that Layla was too dark.
Aart is still racist.
Aart is a racist.
Aart was racist.
Sami missed a call.
Sami missed the call.
Sami missed a call from Layla.
Sami had six classes within a day.
Sami was my best friend for a long time.
Sami was so bad in middle school.
Sami and Layla had a class together.
Sami were seniors in high school.
Sami and Layla had that class together.
Sami and Layla always sit next to each other.
Sami left the classroom.
Sami stood up on his chair.
Sami stood up on the desk.
Sami was picked on for being feminine.
Sami was picked on for being black.
Sami is being picked on for being Muslim.
Sami was picked on for being Arab.
Sami raised his hand.
Sami was violent.
Sami is my new friend.
Aart is very racist.
Sami was bullying black kids.
Sami noticed that Layla was bullying Hispanic girls.
Sami doesn't like Layla because she is ginger.
Sami wants to beat Farid's ass.
Layla grabbed Salima by the hair and started beating her ass.
Sami got jealous.
Layla beat the girl's ass.
Sami was talking about it.
Sami didn't want to talk about the fight.
Sami overheard us say that.
Sami is cool with Layla.
Sami was scared of Farid.
Sami was fighting a black boy.
Sami is from Canada and doesn't speak Arabic.
Sami was going to fight a sixth grader.
Sami followed the crowed.
Sami had a taser.
Sami got tased.
Sami thought that everybody was scared of him.
Sami did the right thing.
Sami is doing the right thing.
Sami can't fight Farid.
Sami was trying to terrorize Layla.
Sami saw a mass of people.
Sami is walking towards me.
Sami is the guy who beat Farid's ass.
Sami came up next to me.
Sami was talking shit about Layla.
Sami begged Farid to not fight him.
Sami isn't an easy target.
Sami didn't stand up for himself.
Sami said he wanted to beat Farid's ass.
Sami asked Layla to kill him.
Sami didn't have to fight Farid.
Sami was power-hungry.
Sami got mad at one of his teachers.
Sami wanted to fight one of his teachers.
Sami wants to fight the teacher.
Sami wanted to fight the gym teacher.
Sami is a martial artist.
Sami bullied a boy he had no business bullying.
Sami is very shy.
Sami was very laid-back.
Sami is winning.
Sami ran out to the hallway.
Sami grabbed Layla by the face.
Sami was fighting the gym teacher.
Sami was beating Farid's ass.
Sami's reign was over.
Sami is currently in jail for armed burglary.
Sami is only a year older than me.
Sami is the only bully I have ever had in my life.
Rima is a student.
He was kind of cute.
Tom is easily provoked.
Mary is easily provoked.
Tom was afraid that Mary wouldn't notice him.
Tom was afraid that Mary wouldn't believe him.
Tom was afraid Mary would shoot him.
Tom was afraid Mary would say no.
Tom was afraid that Mary was going to die.
Tom was afraid Mary might poke her eye out, so he told her to be careful.
Tom was afraid Mary might change her mind.
Tom is afraid Mary might eat his lunch if he leaves it on his desk.
Tom is afraid Mary might do that.
I'm afraid that Tom's not going to recover.
I'm afraid that Tom isn't going to recover.
I'm afraid Tom isn't going to recover.
I'm afraid that Tom won't let me go.
I'm afraid that Tom won't be able to come.
I'm afraid that Tom will tell everyone all our secrets.
I'm afraid that Tom will show up and ruin my party.
I'm afraid that Tom will say no.
I'm afraid that Tom will lose.
I'm afraid that Tom will kill me.
I'm afraid that Tom will get lost.
I'm afraid that Tom will be arrested.
I'm afraid that Tom might not like this.
I'm afraid that Tom might not do what he's supposed to do.
I'm afraid that Tom might do that.
I'm afraid that Tom might agree to do that.
I'm afraid that Tom may have lost his way.
I'm afraid that Tom may have gotten lost.
I'm afraid Tom may have done that.
I'm afraid that Tom isn't here.
I'm afraid that Tom is going to spill the beans.
I'm afraid that Tom is dead.
I'm afraid that Tom is busy at the moment.
I'm afraid that Tom had to leave.
I'm afraid that Tom doesn't want to talk to you.
I'm afraid Tom can't do that.
I'm afraid that Tom can't do it.
I'm afraid that Tom and Mary won't get along very well.
I was afraid that Tom wouldn't understand.
I was afraid that Tom might not do what he was supposed to do.
I was afraid that Tom might get hurt.
I was afraid that Tom might do that.
You're afraid I'm right, aren't you?
Tom is afraid I'll get lost.
My mother was afraid that I'd get dirty.
My mother was afraid I'd get dirty.
If I sit down, I'm afraid that I wouldn't want to get up.
I'm afraid that I've set a bad example.
I'm afraid that I've run short of coffee.
I'm afraid that I've offended you.
I'm afraid that I've got bad news.
I'm afraid that I've eaten too much.
I'm afraid that I'm on the wrong train.
I'm afraid that I'm not who you think I am.
I'm afraid that I'm not very good company.
I'm afraid that I'm not much of a musician.
I'm afraid that I'm not much of a cook.
I'm afraid that I'm not familiar with that expression.
I'm afraid that I'm not at liberty to do that.
I'm afraid I'm not at liberty to do that.
I'm afraid that I'm imposing on your hospitality.
I'm afraid that I'm going to have to teach you a lesson.
I'm afraid that I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
I'm afraid that I'm going to have to ask you to leave now.
I'm afraid that I'm going to have to ask you some questions.
I'm afraid that I'm coming down with a cold.
I'm afraid that I'm a bit out of shape.
I'm afraid that I'll never see Tom again.
I'm afraid that I'll never get married.
I'm afraid that I'll have to call it a day.
I'm afraid that I'll have to ask you to leave.
I'm afraid that I'll get lost.
I'm afraid that I'll be stuck in this place forever.
I'm afraid that I'll be stuck in Boston for the rest of my life.
I'm afraid I'll be stuck in Boston for the rest of my life.
I'm afraid that I'll be stuck here forever.
I'm afraid I'll be stuck here forever.
I'm afraid that I'll be a burden to you.
I'm afraid that I wouldn't be very good company.
I'm afraid that I won't have the time.
I'm afraid that I won't get there on time.
I'm afraid that I won't be going.
I'm afraid that I won't be able to have lunch with you today.
I'm afraid that I won't be able to have lunch with Tom today.
I'm afraid that I won't be able to do that.
I'm afraid that I was right.
I'm afraid that I took your umbrella by mistake.
I'm afraid that I took the wrong train.
I'm afraid that I still don't understand.
I'm afraid that I spilled coffee on the tablecloth.
I'm afraid that I owe you an apology.
I'm afraid that I need to ask you a few questions.
I'm afraid that I must say goodbye.
I'm afraid that I must be going now.
I'm afraid I must be going now.
I'm afraid that I might say something stupid.
I'm afraid I might make you angry.
I'm afraid I might be late.
I'm afraid that I may not be able to help you tomorrow.
I'm afraid that I may hurt you.
I'm afraid that I may hurt Tom.
I'm afraid that I have work to do.
I'm afraid that I have to turn you down.
I'm afraid that I have to refuse.
I'm afraid that I have to go now.
I'm afraid that I have to ask you to leave.
I'm afraid that I have to agree with Tom's analysis.
I'm afraid that I have some very bad news.
I'm afraid that I have some rather bad news.
I'm afraid that I have some bad news.
I'm afraid that I have some bad news for you.
I'm afraid that I have other plans.
I'm afraid that I have no experience.
I'm afraid that I have no choice.
I'm afraid that I have internal bleeding.
I'm afraid that I have bad news.
I'm afraid that I have an upset stomach.
I'm afraid that I have a touch of a cold.
I'm afraid that I have a prior engagement.
I'm afraid I failed terribly.
I'm afraid that I don't understand.
I'm afraid that I don't understand what you're saying.
I'm afraid that I don't understand that.
I'm afraid that I don't share your enthusiasm.
I'm afraid that I don't know.
I'm afraid that I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm afraid that I don't know what you mean.
I'm afraid that I don't have one.
I'm afraid that I don't have enough money on me at this time.
I'm afraid that I don't have a choice.
I'm afraid that I don't follow.
I'm afraid that I don't agree with you.
I'm afraid that I dislocated my right arm.
I'm afraid that I disagree.
I'm afraid that I differ with you on this point.
I'm afraid that I didn't explain it too well.
I'm afraid that I caught a cold.
I'm afraid that I can't.
I'm afraid that I can't tell you that.
I'm afraid that I can't talk about that.
I'm afraid that I can't save you this time.
I'm afraid that I can't make it at that time.
I'm afraid that I can't let you leave.
I'm afraid that I can't let you drive.
I'm afraid that I can't let you do that.
I'm afraid that I can't help you.
I'm afraid that I can't help you now.
I'm afraid that I can't help you do that.
I'm afraid that I can't finish them in time.
I'm afraid that I can't come on Monday.
I'm afraid that I can't authorize that.
I'm afraid that I can't allow you to do that.
I'm afraid that I can't allow that.
I'm afraid that I can't afford to buy a new car.
I'm afraid that I can't accept your invitation.
I'm afraid that I ate too much.
I'm afraid that I ate something bad.
I'm afraid I ate something bad.
I'm a stranger here myself. I'm afraid that I can't help you.
I was afraid that I'd never see you again.
I was afraid that I'd lose you.
I was afraid that I'd be late.
I was afraid that I was going to lose you.
I was afraid that I might not be able to do it correctly.
I was afraid I might make a mistake.
I was afraid that I might lose my job.
I was afraid that I might get mugged.
I was afraid I might get mugged.
I was afraid I might get injured.
I was afraid that I might get fired.
I was afraid I might get fired.
I was afraid that I might get expelled.
I was afraid I might get expelled.
I was afraid that I might get arrested.
I was afraid I might get arrested.
I was afraid that I might fall asleep while driving.
I was afraid I might drop the vase.
I was afraid that I might chicken out.
I was afraid I might be too tired to help.
I was afraid I might be recognized.
I was afraid that I might be mugged.
I was afraid I might be mugged.
I was afraid I might be late for the bus.
I was afraid I might be killed.
I was afraid that I might be fired.
I was afraid I might be fired.
I was afraid that I might be expelled.
I was afraid I might be expelled.
I was afraid that I might be arrested.
I was afraid I might be arrested.
I guess I was afraid that I was losing Tom.
I was beginning to think you'd never come back.
I was beginning to think that you'd never come back.
You're just afraid that you'll have to kiss Tom.
Tom was afraid that you'd say no.
I'm afraid that your request for a pay raise was turned down again.
I'm afraid that your plan won't work.
I'm afraid that you've run out of options.
I'm afraid that you've misunderstood this.
The cat that you found is mine.
The cat you found is mine.
I'm afraid that you've misunderstood me.
I'm afraid you've misunderstood me.
Please consider it.
Is Tom Mary's son?
I think that Tom is Mary's son.
I think Tom is Mary's son.
Do you know who Tom's mother is?
Do you know both of Tom's brothers?
Do you know all three of Tom's sisters?
Mary checked her makeup.
Mary quickly checked her makeup.
Mary quickly checked her hair and her makeup.
Mary quickly checked her hair and her makeup in the mirror.
Tom quickly checked his face in the mirror.
Tom checked his face in the mirror.
Mary finished putting on her makeup.
Tom is a lot of fun at parties.
Tom is a shrinking violet.
Tom is a bit of a shrinking violet.
Mary is a bit of a shrinking violet.
Mary was hardly a shrinking violet.
Mary is obviously not a shrinking violet.
Mary is a natural blonde.
Why do you keep provoking him?
Why do you keep provoking her?
Why do you keep provoking Tom?
I'm afraid that you've been working too hard.
I'm afraid that you've arrived in Boston at a most unfortunate time.
I'm afraid that you're wrong.
I'm afraid that you're wasting your time.
I'm afraid that you're too late.
I'm afraid that you're right.
I'm afraid that you're mistaken.
I'm afraid that you're in the wrong seat.
I'm afraid you're in the wrong seat.
I'm afraid you're in danger.
I'm afraid that you're going to hurt Tom.
I'm afraid that you're going to have to release Tom.
I'm afraid that you're going to have to do this without any help.
I'm afraid that you'll have to learn to live with the pain.
I'm afraid that you'll have to go in person.
I'm afraid that you must be mistaken.
I'm afraid that you misunderstood me.
I'm afraid that you have to work overtime.
I'm afraid that you have the wrong number.
I'm afraid that you don't have any choice.
I'm afraid you didn't understand me correctly. I don't want to be alone with you. I just want to be alone.
I'm afraid that you can't.
I'm afraid that you can't marry Tom.
I'm afraid you can't marry Tom.
I'm afraid that you can't go there.
I'm afraid that you can't do that.
I was afraid that you'd say that.
I was afraid that you'd ask that.
I was afraid that you wouldn't understand.
I was afraid that you wouldn't remember me.
I was afraid that you were going to say that.
I was afraid you'd failed.
I should've said something before, but I was afraid that you'd get angry.
I began to be afraid that you would never come back again.
Aren't you afraid that you'll get hurt?
Are you afraid you won't win?
We're afraid that we'll miss our train.
We were afraid that we wouldn't get there on time.
We were afraid we wouldn't get there on time.
We were afraid we might hurt his feelings.
We were afraid we might hurt him.
I'm afraid that we've got quite a problem here.
I'm afraid that we've fallen a bit behind in our work.
I'm afraid that we're wasting our time.
I'm afraid that we're stuck here.
I'm afraid that we're out of time.
I'm afraid that we're going to be late for school.
I'm afraid that we'll lose the game.
I'm afraid that we'll have to start over again.
I'm afraid that we'll get nowhere doing it this way.
I'm afraid that we won't be able to help you tomorrow.
I'm afraid that we weren't able to do that.
I'm afraid that we need to get going if we want to get home before dark.
I'm afraid we need to get going if we want to get home before dark.
I'm afraid that we have some bad news for you.
I'm afraid that we have only one choice left.
I'm afraid that we have no choice.
I'm afraid that we have a problem.
I'm afraid that we have a bit of a problem.
I'm afraid we have a bit of a problem.
I'm afraid that we have a big problem.
I'm afraid we have a big problem.
I'm afraid that we don't have the time.
I'm afraid that we don't have any left.
I'm afraid that we can't stay here.
I'm afraid that we can't make up for lost ground.
I'm afraid that we can't help you.
I'm afraid that we can't go on Monday.
I'm afraid that we can't do anything.
I'm afraid that we are out of stock.
Tom denied Mary was the one who wanted him to do that.
Tom denied Mary was the one who told him to do that.
Tom denied Mary was the one who persuaded him to do that.
Tom denied Mary was the one who asked him to do that.
Tom has denied he did that.
Tom denied he was the thief.
Tom denied he was the one who'd killed the prison guard.
Tom denied that he was the one who'd killed the prison guard.
Tom denied he was the one who told the police about what Mary had done.
Tom denied that he was the one who told the police about what Mary had done.
Tom denied he was the one who told Mary to do that.
Tom denied he was the one who had done that.
Tom denied he was the one who asked Mary to do that.
Tom denied that he was involved in the murder.
Tom denied he told Mary to do that.
Tom denied he told Mary that.
Tom denied he left early.
Tom denied he laughed.
Tom denied he knew Mary.
Tom denied he knew anything about the bank robbery.
Tom denied that he knew anything about the bank robbery.
Tom denied he killed Mary.
Tom denied he had stolen the money.
Tom denied he had stolen anything.
Tom denied he had ever met Mary.
Tom denied he had done what he was accused of doing.
Tom denied he had been involved in the affair.
Tom denied that he had anything to do with the theft.
Tom denied he had accepted the bribe.
Tom denied he fell asleep during class.
Tom denied he despised Mary.
Tom denied he cried.
Tom denied he agreed to do that.
The man denied he took the money.
I denied I was the one who told Tom about that.
I denied that I was the one who told Tom about that.
I denied I was the one who had stolen Tom's bicycle.
I denied that I was the one who had stolen Tom's bicycle.
Tom denied he'd stolen the money.
Tom denied that he'd stolen the money.
Tom denied he said that.
Tom denied that he said that.
Tom denied he'd talked to Mary about that.
Tom denied that he'd talked to Mary about that.
Tom denied he met Mary last week.
Tom denied that he met Mary last week.
You can't deny Tom is charming.
Tom vehemently denied he'd done that.
Tom vehemently denied that he'd done that.
Tom has repeatedly denied he was the one who did that.
Tom has repeatedly denied that he was the one who did that.
Tom didn't deny he was the one who did that.
Tom is pretty headstrong.
I have contact lenses on.
I told Tom what Mary had to do.
I like this one the most.
I often read comic books.
I told Tom what Mary should do.
I usually keep to myself.
Tom sent a video to Mary.
I want to join your band.
Tom is no shrinking violet.
Mary is no shrinking violet.
Tom is poetic and romantic.
He sounds almost proud of that.
Tom sounds almost proud of that.
Tom sounded almost proud of that.
You sound almost proud of that.
Mary checked her makeup in the mirror.
That's an unfinished novel.
I found a suspicious man.
I have read about it somewhere.
The map was very old and it was torn here and there.
I take a car.
I take a bicycle.
I'm going to go to Sao Paulo next week.
I take a bus.
Would you like to drink a glass of grape juice?
Buy some milk on your way home.
Pick up some milk on your way home.
Tom and Mary are both newspaper reporters.
Both Tom and Mary are newspaper reporters.
I told Tom where Mary was born.
Tom was obviously afraid.
I want to try to do that.
I told Tom who Mary was dating.
Exhausted with fatigue, I crashed like a log on my bed.
Please enjoy your trip.
Sami was Fardi's best friend.
Sami got Layla a job at Walmart.
Sami gives people advice.
Sami gave students advice.
Sami was tired of Layla doing that.
Sami watched some of Layla's oldest YouTube videos.
Sami and Layla ended up falling out.
Sami found Layla a job.
Sami is a gay guy, obviously.
Sami wants money but he doesn't want to work.
Sami wants money but he doesn't want to go to work.
Sami is a very good worker.
Sami was saving up.
Sami should come to work at Walmart with me.
Sami will certainly be hired.
Sami and Layla chilled together.
Sami and Layla eat lunch together.
Sami had a friend named Farid.
Sami worked there for six months.
Sami couldn't get out of that situation.
Sami doesn't want to be surrounded by people like that.
Sami is still hanging out with Layla.
Sami was messy.
Sami didn't want to be associated with someone like that.
Sami was still not comprehending what was going on.
Sami heard Layla talking shit about him.
Sami was done fighting.
Sami needs to finish this shit.
Sami is going to tell this to Layla.
Sami wasn't coming to work.
Sami was high as fuck.
Sami was smelling of alcohol.
Sami clocked in for the day, then left.
Sami forgot to clock in.
Sami doesn't understand why his paycheck is so short.
Sami put Layla's name as a reference in his resume.
Sami is going to fire Layla.
Sami kept not showing up.
Sami was living on his own because his parents had kicked him out.
Sami is just not good with money.
Sami was helping Layla.
Sami tried to move in with Layla.
Sami went out partying.
Sami could have done it.
Sami needs to keep this job.
Sami is just going to find a new job.
Sami is just gonna find a new job.
Sami has got a two-bedroom apartment.
Sami was riding with a friend in a car.
Sami smoked.
Sami would never put in any money for anything.
Sami had his own apartment.
Sami and Layla knew each other from childhood.
Sami was going to lose that job.
Sami wanted to know what happened after that.
Sami will know what happened afterwards.
Sami will know.
Sami made me not like him even more.
Sami heard thunder.
Sami hates hurricane season.
Sami made his videos a bit longer.
Sami has been there.
Sami went on a date.
Sami shouldn't click on that link.
Sami came out of the shower.
Sami and Layla went on a date.
Sami was hanging out at Layla's house.
Sami and Layla never went anywhere.
Sami bought Layla a car.
Sami worked very close to me.
Sami and Layla both had cars.
Sami and Layla are going to a restaurant.
Sami and Layla were in a relationship.
Sami wanted to see a fight.
Sami worked at the fair.
Sami likes me.
Sami needs a ride.
Mennad was going to drop us off at Layla's house.
Sami took the bus.
Sami needs to have a car.
Sami lives in a city where he needs to have a car.
Sami was on that bus.
Sami was a hobo.
Sami caught a ride.
Sami didn't like his daughter's ex at all.
Sami didn't like his daughter's boyfriend at all.
Sami went on his first date in 2006.
Sami looked at the bus schedules.
Sami rides the bus all the time.
Layla wasn't that type of bitch.
Layla loved that dude.
Sami got on the bus.
Layla looked cute.
Sami and Layla paid a dollar each.
Sami was sleeping on the bus.
Sami slept on the bus.
Sami went to the book fair.
Sami visited the book fair.
Sami went to the fair.
Sami has to walk.
Sami was dropped off at the far.
Sami didn't want to do his job.
Sami probably walked five or six blocks.
Sami had a bike.
Sami was homeless.
Sami gave Layla a dollar.
Sami was standing in a line.
Sami was arguing with someone.
Sami got to the front of the line and bought a ticket.
Sami walked through the mud.
Sami wanted to get on that ride.
Sami isn't paying for that.
Sami wanted to get on the rollercoaster.
Sami and Layla went out.
Sami took the whole check.
Sami was looking for his first job.
Sami took Layla out on a date.
Sami paid for the ride.
Sami isn't getting on any ride.
Sami just stayed here and watched.
Sami paid for his bus ticket.
Sami was walking around.
Sami has got no money.
Sami and Layla were fighting each other.
Sami was throwing up.
Sami is at the fair with his girlfriend.
Sami and Layla got on the Ferris wheel and they kissed.
Sami and Layla kissed on the Ferris wheel.
Sami was eating a sandwich at a food stand.
I wanted to do something.
Tom was obviously amused.
I was a teenager in 2013.
I told Tom why Mary left early.
I was very well prepared.
Tom was obviously asleep.
I write things in pencil.
I'm not counting on Tom's help.
Tom was obviously lonely.
Yesterday, Tom told me he'd never been to Boston.
Tom told me he's never been to a funeral.
Tom told me he'd give me that book if I wanted it.
Tom told me he'd changed his plans.
Tom told me he'd be here early today.
Tom told me he would rather not go.
Tom told me he would like to visit us in Boston.
Tom told me he would like to go to the zoo with us tomorrow.
Tom told me he would like to buy a new bicycle.
Tom told me he would do it tomorrow.
Tom told me he would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he was sure that that was going to happen.
Tom told me that he was sure that that was going to happen.
Tom told me he thought this book was interesting.
Tom told me he thought Mary was discontented.
Tom told me he thought that you could probably do that.
Tom told me he thought that you could do that.
Tom told me he thought that this book was interesting.
Tom told me he thought that the dress that Mary was wearing was too short.
Tom told me he thought that he might be able do that.
Tom told me he thought that my speech was interesting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wouldn't eat dessert.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be worried.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be upset.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be terrified.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be suspicious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be surprised.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be scared.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be reasonable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be ready by the time we got there.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be quicker at doing that than John.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be punctual.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be jealous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be interested.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be impartial.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be here later.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be furious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be curious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be confused.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be busy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be at home.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be angry.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be alone.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was wise.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was uninsured.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unimpressed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unfazed by that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was tough.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was thrilled.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was thirty.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was terrific.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was tense.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was slow.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was skeptical.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sincere.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sick.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was shy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was short.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was puzzled.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was optimistic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was obnoxious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was nosy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was miserable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was lucky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was irritated.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was insincere.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was good at cooking.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was furious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was exhausted.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was engaged to John.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was displeased.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was discontented.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was courteous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was conscientious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was certain.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was bossy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was bilingual.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was being truthful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was being sarcastic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was back from Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was agnostic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was a talented songwriter.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was a good cook.
Tom told me he thought that Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary knew French.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had studied French with John.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had left.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had done that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been unfair.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been rude.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been impressed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been hurt.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't know how to speak French.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could swim.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could probably do that.
Tom told me he thought that it would snow all day.
Tom told me he thought that it would rain all day.
Tom told me he thought that I should lose some weight.
Tom told me he thought that I should go on a diet.
Tom told me he thought that I might be interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought that I looked drunk.
Tom told me he thought that his house was haunted.
Tom told me he thought that he'd win tomorrow.
Tom told me he thought that he was losing his sight.
Tom told me he thought that he might be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that he had the flu.
Tom told me he thought that he could do that.
Tom told me he thought that Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Tom told me he thought that Boston was a safe city.
Tom told me that he thought that you could probably do that.
Tom told me that he thought that you could do that.
Tom told me that he thought that this book was interesting.
Tom told me that he thought that the dress that Mary was wearing was too short.
Tom told me that he thought that my speech was interesting.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wouldn't eat dessert.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be worried.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be upset.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be terrified.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be suspicious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be surprised.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be scared.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be reasonable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be ready by the time we got there.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be quicker at doing that than John.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be punctual.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be jealous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be interested.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be impartial.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be here later.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be furious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be curious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be confused.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be busy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be at home.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be angry.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be alone.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was wise.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was uninsured.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unimpressed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unfazed by that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was tough.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was thrilled.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was thirty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was terrific.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was tense.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was slow.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was skeptical.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sincere.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sick.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was shy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was short.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was puzzled.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was optimistic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was obnoxious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was nosy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was miserable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was lucky.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was irritated.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was insincere.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was good at cooking.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was furious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was exhausted.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was engaged to John.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was displeased.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was discontented.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was courteous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was conscientious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was certain.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was bossy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was bilingual.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was being truthful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was being sarcastic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was back from Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was agnostic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was a talented songwriter.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was a good cook.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary knew French.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had studied French with John.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had left.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had done that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been unfair.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been rude.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been impressed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been hurt.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't know how to speak French.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could swim.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could probably do that.
Tom told me that he thought that it would snow all day.
Tom told me that he thought that it would rain all day.
Tom told me that he thought that I should lose some weight.
Tom told me that he thought that I should go on a diet.
Tom told me that he thought that I might be interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that I looked drunk.
Tom told me that he thought that his house was haunted.
Tom told me that he thought that he'd win tomorrow.
Tom told me that he thought that he was losing his sight.
Tom told me that he thought that he might be able to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that he had the flu.
Tom told me that he thought that he could do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Tom told me that he thought that Boston was a safe city.
Tom told me that he thinks that Mary is much prettier than Alice.
Tom told me that he thinks that Mary is cute.
Tom told me that he thinks that he's going to die soon.
Tom told me that he thinks that he'll win tomorrow.
Tom told me that he thinks that he'll do that tomorrow.
Tom told me he thinks that Mary is much prettier than Alice.
Tom told me he thinks that Mary is cute.
Tom told me he thinks that he's going to die soon.
Tom told me he thinks that he'll win tomorrow.
Tom told me he thinks that he'll do that tomorrow.
Tom told me he never thought that he'd be able to walk again.
Tom told me that he never thought that he'd be able to walk again.
Tom told me he just needed a shoulder to cry on.
Tom told me he has just done that.
Tom told me he has decided not to eat any more junk food.
Tom told me he had not gone shopping with Mary.
Tom told me he had lost his textbook.
Tom told me he had bigger fish to fry.
Tom told me he had been skydiving since he was sixteen.
Tom told me he didn't remember Mary's last name.
Tom told me he didn't like spinach.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he'd spent his summer vacation in Boston.
I cried when Tom told me he and Mary were getting divorced.
Sami bought a funnel cake.
Sami and Layla split the funnel cake.
Sami couldn't get on any ride.
Sami couldn't get on the rides.
Sami didn't want to get on any rides.
Sami hates all the rides of that amusement park.
Sami is wearing a dress.
Sami was wearing sneakers.
Sami was cold.
Sami wore more clothes than me.
Sami was sitting at the bus stop, waiting.
Sami doesn't have a jacket to give to Layla.
Sami didn't want to argue with Layla.
Sami was waiting for the bus.
Sami and Layla got on the bus.
Sami and Layla were on the bus.
Sami had to ride the bus.
Sami and Layla had a romantic Ferris wheel moment.
Sami and Layla smoked weed on the Ferris wheel.
Sami was smoking weed on the bus.
Sami knew that Layla smoked weed.
Sami is not going to like everything I'm talking about.
Sami isn't going to like everything I'm talking about.
Sami stood up and looked back.
Sami rode the bus to the end of the line.
Sami got off the bus at the last stop.
Sami got off the bus at the end of the bus.
It must be an administrative error.
Believe it'll be the best for both of us.
Where did you find this key?
Tom told me he was going to the hospital to visit his grandmother.
Tom told me that he was going to the hospital to visit his grandmother.
Mary told me that she thought that Tom was handsome.
You told me Tom was handsome and he really is.
You told me that Tom was handsome and he really is.
Tom's wife told me that he wasn't at home.
Tom told me Mary was very beautiful, but I didn't think she'd be that beautiful.
Tom told me that Mary was very beautiful, but I didn't think she'd be that beautiful.
Tom told me Mary was sick.
Tom told me that Mary was sick.
Tom told me Mary was in jail.
Tom told me that Mary was in jail.
Tom told me Mary has left Boston.
Tom told me that Mary has left Boston.
Tom told me he'd bought a car.
Tom told me that he'd bought a car.
Tom told me he'd be here at about 2:30.
Tom told me that he'd be here at about 2:30.
Tom told me he was in a lot of trouble.
Tom told me that he was in a lot of trouble.
Tom told me he came all the way from Boston just to visit Mary.
Tom told me that he came all the way from Boston just to visit Mary.
Tom never told me he had a dog.
Tom never told me that he had a dog.
Mary's husband told that me she wasn't at home.
Mary told me that she was pregnant.
Mary told me she wanted Tom to buy her a necklace.
Mary told me she wanted Tom to buy a necklace for her.
Mary told me she thought Tom was handsome.
Mary told me she thought that Tom was handsome.
Mary told me she didn't love her husband anymore.
Mary never told me that she had a boyfriend.
Just this morning, my wife told me she was pregnant.
Just this morning, my wife told me that she was pregnant.
Tom's mother hugged him and she told him that she loved him.
Tom wished Mary had told him she wasn't going to the party.
Tom was very sad when Mary told him she wanted nothing more to do with him.
Tom was heartbroken when Mary told him that she was leaving him.
Tom wanted to help, but Mary told him that she didn't need his help.
Tom wanted Mary to do that, but she told him that she wouldn't do it.
Tom told Mary he was sad.
Tom told Mary that he was sad.
Tom told Mary he was leaving.
Tom told Mary he met John in Boston last week.
Tom told Mary that he met John in Boston last week.
Tom told Mary he loved Alice.
Tom told Mary that he loved Alice.
Tom told Mary he didn't love her.
Tom told Mary he believed in astrology.
Tom told Mary that he believed in astrology.
Tom swore that Mary told him that she'd done that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she wanted to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she needed to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she had to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she didn't want to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she didn't need to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she didn't have to do that.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she told him that she needed.
Tom felt terrible when Mary told him that she was fond of him but didn't love him.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she wanted to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she needed to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she had to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she didn't need to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she didn't have to do that.
Tom wished that Mary had told him she wasn't going to the party.
Tom swore Mary told him she'd done that.
Tom swore Mary told him that she'd done that.
I've told you all that I can.
This time, it'll be different.
This is a good time of year to visit Boston.
Has the problem been solved yet?
Have all the bills been paid?
Have you already checked the tires?
Has Tom been here today?
Has the problem already been solved?
When Mary told her parents she wanted to marry Tom, they said they wouldn't attend the wedding.
Tom wants Mary to take the medication that the doctor told her to take.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John told her to do.
Tom called Mary and told her that he'd be late.
I know that you came to Boston in October.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she shouldn't do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John told her to do.
Tom has already solved that problem.
Has Tom solved that problem yet?
Have you solved that problem yet?
Can you think of any good solution to this problem?
What do you think the solution to the problem is?
Tom called his wife and told her that he'd be late for dinner.
Someone told Tom the truth.
Somebody told Tom the truth.
Tom was livid when he found out Mary had told John where he'd hidden the money.
Tom was livid when he found out that Mary had told John where he'd hidden the money.
It is time you told Tom the truth.
It is time that you told Tom the truth.
I told Tom I wouldn't go shopping with hime.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go shopping with hime.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that with him.
I told Tom that I wouldn't do that with him.
Tom was lying to Mary when he told her he'd been in Boston.
Tom was lying to Mary when he told her that he'd been in Boston.
Tom hopes Mary that knows that she shouldn't do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she shouldn't do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John has told her to do.
The doctor told Tom he should rest.
The doctor told Tom that he should rest.
Tom told Mary you'd finished the work three days before.
Tom told Mary that you'd finished the work three days before.
Tom told Mary you'd finished the work three days ago.
Tom told Mary that you'd finished the work three days ago.
Tom told Mary he'd finished the work three days before.
Tom told Mary that he'd finished the work three days before.
Tom told Mary he had written the poem just for her.
Tom told Mary that he had written the poem just for her.
Tom hugged Mary and told her he loved her.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she shouldn't do anything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she needs to do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she needs to do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she needs to do everything John told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she needs to do everything John told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she has do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she has do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she has do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she has do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do anything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do everything John told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do everything John has told her to do.
I told Tom he was right.
I told Tom that he was right.
Sami was taking too many pills.
Sami couldn't take the pain.
Sami called the suicide prevention hotline.
Sami recommended Layla to utilize those online resources.
Sami was watching this video.
Sami wanted to know more about it.
Sami didn't have a blanket.
Sami asked the cops to take him home.
Sami was past his curfew.
Sami called somebody to come and pick us up.
Sami needed to be there.
Sami needs to be there.
Sami can't call his mom.
Sami was already at work.
Sami didn't have any friends with cars at the time.
Sami had lots of friends with cars.
Sami asked Layla to come and pick him up.
Sami assured Layla that somebody would come and pick her up.
Sami walked until six in the morning.
Sami was on the sidewalk.
Sami was hit by a car and he died.
Sami and Layla were hugging each other.
Sami looked so miserable.
Sami died with Layla.
Sami and Layla wanted to die together.
Sami and Layla died together.
Sami sat on the sidewalk.
Sami was sitting on the sidewalk.
Sami could die.
Sami was so pissed.
Sami was just so pissed.
Sami and Layla were hugging each other to preserve their body heat.
Sami was kicked out of his parents' house.
Sami is a drug addict.
Sami was supposedly Farid's best friend.
Sami got in the back seat and Layla in the front.
Sami was looking at the floor.
Sami looks so miserable.
Sami won't sleep with Layla anymore.
Sami knows that Layla loves his stories.
Sami loves sharing his stories.
Sami doesn't like any of these stories.
Sami was going through his e-mails.
Sami was torn between his best friend and his girlfriend.
Sami's YouTube videos aren't sponsored.
Sami's YouTube channel was shut down.
Sami got his YouTube channel shut down.
Sami wanted to tell the story.
Layla was a bisexual woman.
Sami sympathizes with transgender people.
Sami empathizes with transgender people.
Sami sympathizes more with trans people now.
Sami was discriminated against.
Sami is in the LGBT community.
Sami was shunned because he was bisexual.
Sami got shunned because he was in the LGBT community.
Layla also likes men.
Sami is a heterosexual.
Sami is a straight man.
Sami met trans people for the first time when he was in Canada.
Sami was still in high school.
Sami didn't know any trans people.
Sami was openly gay.
Sami said that he was transitioning.
Sami had a friend who was transitioning.
Sami got more surgeries.
Sami needed more surgeries to transition.
Sami wasn't in contact with trans people.
Sami and Layla partied together.
Sami wants to drink with us.
Layla is a lesbian.
Sami knows some transgender people.
Sami hung out with some transgender people.
Sami met a transgender couple.
Sami thought Layla was straight.
Sami married a bisexual woman.
Layla was a tall model.
Layla was really protective of her man.
Layla was heavyset.
Sami and Layla were both heavyset.
Sami kept his distance from transgender people.
Sami kept his distance from the transgender couple.
Sami wanted to keep his distance from the lesbian couple.
Sami was a drinker back then.
Sami needed to be careful.
Sami was older than us.
Sami took his double shot.
Sami used to ask very rude questions to trans people.
Sami had full facial hair.
Sami knows guys like this.
Sami thinks Layla must be transgender.
Sami told Layla that he was transgender.
Sami showed Layla the bandages.
Sami has never come in contact with a transgender person.
Sami didn't want Layla to feel uncomfortable.
Sami wanted to make Layla feel less nervous.
Sami has some bandages on.
Sami felt happier.
Sami is very unfriendly to trans people.
Sami is transgender, too.
Sami didn't know that he was dating a transgender woman.
Sami was shocked the learn the truth.
Sami is very friendly to LGBT people.
Sami never put words in Layla's mouth.
Sami was a lot more confrontational than Layla.
Sami said he loved Layla.
Sami and Layla were both drunk.
Sami told Layla everything she needed to know about transgender people.
Sami was just listening.
Sami was so ignorant back then.
Sami was born with both genitals.
Sami didn't know what LGBT meant.
Sami was just in the dark.
Sami was getting so drunk.
Sami found this so inappropriate.
Sami has sex with girls.
Sami is straight and has sex with women.
Sami is literally starving.
Sami has never been in an environment like that.
Sami and Layla are both drunk.
Sami was so fat.
Sami felt that way, too.
Sami is telling me everything.
Sami ended up taking six double shots.
Sami was talking about his transition.
Sami told Layla about how his parents reacted to his coming-out.
Sami was rubbing Layla's back.
Sami told Layla about how his parents reacted to his transition.
Sami sat Layla on the toilet.
Sami gave Layla a cup of water.
Sami wanted to smoke a blunt.
Sami doesn't need a blunt. He rather needs to go to the doctor's.
Sami gave Layla a blunt.
Sami was smoking a blunt on the balcony.
Sami isn't leaving tonight.
Sami was caressing Layla's hair.
Sami was trying to kiss Layla.
Sami and Layla shared everything.
Sami saw this shit.
The police found ten kilograms of marijuana hidden in his luggage.
The police found ten kilos of marijuana hidden in his luggage.
He who does not say a word consents.
She drew water from the well.
Let him lead his life as he pleases.
If you knew how much I hate you!
If you knew how much I love you!
If you knew how tired I am!
When he came out of work, he took his afternoon snack.
A bunch of grapes can weigh up to two kilograms.
He was riddled with several bullets.
The future will only be good.
Last year, he read a lot of books.
I want to marry her, but I can not decide.
He opened his book to read.
" How are you ? " - " Things are going well. "
I tell you that I am married!
You will never love me as I love you.
She had never taken the subway.
I find it very dangerous and think it's a bad idea.
You had your share.
Sami drank a double shot.
Sami was so infatuated with the experience.
Sami was being super stand-offish.
Sami was getting very stand-offish.
One day will come the truth
Sami was trying to be super careful.
Sami didn't offend anybody.
Sami didn't want to piss Layla off.
Sami didn't want to piss anybody off.
Sami was super sweet.
Sami doesn't know what that whisky is called.
The hunter can not exist without the prey.
Sami was telling me everything I needed to know.
Sami knew nothing about trans people.
Sami is so ignorant.
Sami was a drag queen.
Sami doesn't know anything about the LGBT community.
Sami was getting really drunk.
Sami knows that this is so inappropriate.
Sami asked Layla how she had sex with girls.
Sami wanted to know how Layla had sex with girls.
Sami felt so accepted around those people.
Layla is not around lesbians.
Sami was telling Layla everything.
Sami doesn't remember how he got home.
Sami is talking about his transition.
Sami was vomiting on the balcony.
Sami was behind me, rubbing my back.
Sami was holding a lukewarm towel.
Sami washed Layla's face.
Sami didn't feel normal.
Sami didn't need to do this.
Sami was accused of raping a child.
Sami never saw trans people again.
Sami became more open to trans people.
Sami understands what's actually going on.
Sami has been through a hard transition.
Sami has been through a difficult transition.
Sami isn't accepted in the LGBT community.
Sami said that was just a coincidence.
Sami finds this kind of weird.
Sami is kind of busy now.
Sami ate some chicken and French fries.
Sami likes Layla's video.
Sami bought his first apartment in 2006.
Sami didn't know that Layla had all those feelings for him.
Sami wants to move in with Layla.
Sami named his dog "Rocky."
Sami and Layla didn't pay any rent together.
Sami needed some money.
Sami got frozen meals.
Sami bought frozen meals.
Sami ate frozen meals.
Sami was broke as fuck.
Sami lived for six years in his first apartment.
Sami sold it.
Sami sold all types of stuff.
Sami moved in in 2006.
Sami brought his own car to take the fridge.
Sami doesn't have muscles. He can't do this.
Sami stole the camera from Walmart.
Sami is an experienced bank robber.
Sami isn't going to jail for sixty dollars.
Sami doesn't want to go to jail for robbing purses. He wants to rob a bank.
Sami taught everything to Layla.
Sami stole the poster from a movie theater.
Sami didn't want to buy it.
Sami's car was in perfect condition.
Sami only used the hairdryer once.
Sami swore never to do this again.
Sami won't be doing this again.
Sami got angry about it.
Sami was fucking with me.
Sami isn't going to answer any questions.
Sami wanted to call his lawyer.
Sami isn't posting any pictures on his Instagram.
Sami got really sensitive about that.
Sami got a message.
Sami got a message from someone named Layla Bakir.
Sami doesn't have a common name.
Sami's name isn't common.
Sami got a message and it was from someone named Layla Bakir.
Sami's heart went to his ass.
Sami was playing a joke on me.
Sami was playing a sick joke on Layla.
Sami is still selling that phone.
Sami had a black Ford Focus.
Sami wanted to buy Layla's car.
Sami might have another Facebook account.
Sami doesn't have sixty bucks.
Sami sold the phone for sixty dollars.
Sami is high as fuck.
Layla was a very smart girl.
Sami looks like fifteen, sixteen.
Sami was in Layla's car.
Sami didn't live that far.
Sami drove to Layla's house.
Sami was looking real sketchy.
Sami thought it was a trap.
Sami wanted to rephrase the sentence.
Sami shot back.
Sami started shooting and Layla shot back.
Sami is linked to Layla.
Sami took justice into his own hands.
Sami assumed that Layla did something wrong.
Sami decided to take justice into his own hands.
Sami was on drugs at the time.
Sami was paranoid as fuck.
Sami wanted to dispose of the evidence.
Sami was a pale guy with black hair.
Sami came inside.
Sami is coming in there with me.
Sami doesn't know what Layla looks like.
Sami asked Layla to send him her picture.
Sami is just looking at us.
Sami's house is a total mess.
Sami's house was disgusting.
Sami will give you the money.
Sami is doing everything.
Sami wanted Layla to come to his house.
Sami was still on edge.
Sami's room was disgusting.
Sami found trash in Layla's room.
Sami has never seen anything like that in his whole life.
Sami is really depressed.
Sami's room stank.
Sami's room smelt.
Sami gave Layla sixty dollars.
Sami only used this lamp one time.
Sami came out of the other room.
Sami felt shitty for judging Layla.
Sami lost his girlfriend.
Sami was grieving.
Sami's girlfriend died a month ago, too.
Sami's name isn't very common.
Sami's girlfriend's name was Layla.
Sami finds this really hard to understand.
Sami brought Layla over there.
Sami took Layla over there.
Sami would text Layla from time to time.
Sami was so depressed.
Sami was thinking too deep into it.
Sami missed his children so much.
Layla's skin was glistening.
Layla did her hair.
Sami's glasses were smoggy.
Sami can't even see.
Sami's glasses are always dirty.
Sami watched all the videos.
Sami watched all those movies.
Sami read all those books.
Sami subscribed to all of Layla's YouTube channels.
Sami got a really nasty customer.
Sami had the nerve to try to talk to Layla again.
Sami was friends with someone named Farid Bakir.
Sami named everyone "Farid."
Sami is still watching Layla's videos.
Sami is too old to be watching this kind of program.
Sami wasn't looking for trouble.
Sami felt rejected.
Sami has the same name as Layla's boyfriend.
Layla considers Sami as a big brother.
Sami and Layla are not like that.
Sami and Layla aren't like that.
Sami didn't smoke weed.
Sami and Layla got really close.
Sami and Layla grew up really different.
Sami and Layla hang out a lot.
Sami assumed that Layla and Farid were a couple.
Sami was very mature.
Sami never gave Layla a hug.
Sami always gets hugs.
Sami was one of those people.
Sami wanted Layla to come to his desk and help him.
Sami is always asking for super petty shit.
Sami has the same name as my boyfriend.
Sami assumed that Layla was talking about Farid.
Sami got more overtime.
Sami was taking advantage of it.
Sami would only be there for six hours.
Sami and Layla had the same schedule.
Sami didn't really remember.
Sami clocked in at six and clocked out at noon.
Sami clocked in at six and left at noon.
Sami left without clocking out.
Sami came at six but forgot to clock in.
Sami had made his mind from the get-go.
Sami was coaching Layla.
Sami didn't want any drama.
Sami left work and went home.
Sami was saying nasty shit about Layla.
Sami and Layla are chatting.
Sami is getting harassed.
Sami walked over to Layla's desk.
Sami is calling Layla.
Sami hit on Layla a few times.
Layla likes girls.
Sami got all his shit together and he left.
Sami is going to stay later.
Sami had a regular schedule.
Sami worked a later shift.
Sami wasn't there in the morning.
Sami and Layla were late.
Sami has no secrets.
Sami said he was an open book.
Sami wants to stay here.
Sami wanted Layla but she didn't want him back.
Sami said something about Layla.
Sami stinks.
Sami came to our room.
Sami came in a little bit late.
Sami always comes in a little bit late.
Sami always came in late.
Layla is a girl and you're not.
Sami walked up to my desk.
Sami was talking shit about Layla in her face.
Sami is ignoring Layla.
Sami made Layla mad.
Sami doesn't remember what Layla said.
Sami assumed that Layla and me were together.
Sami and Layla are leaving.
Sami automatically remembered that.
Sami was talking shit.
Sami scurried back to his desk.
Sami was still ignoring Layla.
Sami gave Layla a cold look.
Sami asked for some help.
Sami called Layla to ask her to help him.
Sami didn't have a good reputation.
Sami never got hired permanently.
Sami actually liked Layla.
Sami was already fired at the time.
Sami doesn't like that girl too much.
Sami told Layla it was a trap.
Sami found out Farid was gay.
Sami and Layla are fucking.
Sami took part in an LGBT orgy.
Sami is a conservative person.
Sami comes from a conservative family.
Sami's family is conservative.
Sami's video is so long.
Sami was invovled in the scandal.
Sami wanted to take part in an orgy.
Sami was puking nonstop.
Sami is watching this video right now.
Sami was dressed really casual.
Sami went on Google.
Sami threw up in Layla's car.
Layla threw up in her boyfriend's car.
Layla's hair is already done.
Layla doesn't have time to redo her hair.
Layla wanted to do her hair.
Sami told Layla not to click on that button.
Sami and I are dating.
Sami and Layla both smoke weed.
Sami smokes weed, too.
Sami used to smoke weed.
Sami really doesn't remember.
Sami lived in his own place.
Sami fell short of money.
Sami was smoking weed at the time.
Sami sold those books to other people.
Sami donated the old books to a retirement house.
Sami bought weed from Layla.
Sami hid the weed in his car.
Sami drove all the way over there.
Sami came into the car.
Sami had some oil.
Sami doesn't know what this drug is call.
Sami was smoking with me.
Sami could do anything.
Sami wanted to be polite.
Sami was being polite.
Sami doesn't think that he could do it.
Layla was hanging with dudes.
Sami hated peer pressure.
Sami pushed the bottom again.
Sami felt sick.
Sami didn't want to puke.
Sami didn't want to throw up there.
Sami wanted to be safe.
Sami works all the time.
Layla was on birth control.
Sami felt nauseaous.
Sami was feeling sick before he even got there.
Sami was feeling crazy.
Sami said it was just his opinion.
Sami said that weed was not very addictive.
Sami wanted to use the bathroom.
Sami wants some food.
Sami bought Layla some food.
Sami was pretty fucked up.
Sami puked in Layla's bathroom.
Sami just slumped in his seat.
Sami wants to throw up.
Sami wanted to puke.
Sami can't go into the store.
Sami called them.
Sami drove.
Sami's food was ready.
Sami drove for fifteen minutes.
Sami had to walk in there by himself.
Sami ordered and waited.
Sami felt crazy.
Sami was on the highway.
Sami was driving on the highway.
Sami started puking.
Sami is going to throw up.
Sami's car is locked.
Sami is throwing up.
Sami's car smelt of vomit.
Sami threw up three times.
Sami puked six times that night.
Sami felt so fucking sick.
Sami threw up on his chest.
Sami can't even call Layla.
Sami was surprised that Layla was still with him.
Sami was still dizzy.
Sami didn't feel good at all.
Sami blocked the door.
Sami was driving his car.
Sami opened the car door and started throwing up.
Sami felt much better after he threw up.
Sami couldn't unlock the door.
Sami threw up on Layla's seat.
Sami couldn't lock the door from the passenger door.
Sami isn't even drinking.
Sami threw up again and it was a lot.
Sami couldn't stop throwing up.
Sami is so disrespectful.
Sami was throwing up everywhere and it was so disgusting.
Sami got to his apartment.
Sami got himself cleaned up.
Sami brushed his teeth.
Sami brushed his hair.
Sami took a shower.
Sami can't do it by himself.
Sami got his car cleaned up.
Sami threw up after he took that drug.
Sami was crying while he was throwing up.
Layla was Sami's baby-mama.
Layla was Sami's baby-mama and they had six children together.
Sami is already here.
Sami felt that it wasn't fair.
Sami wanted to make some things clear.
Layla had multiple partners.
Sami sent me the story.
Sami was sleeping with a whole bunch of girls.
Sami was smashing many girls.
Sami was smashing multiple girls at the same time.
Sami didn't know how old Layla was.
Sami doesn't know how old he is.
Sami was a bad friend to Layla.
Sami doesn't even know his own age.
Sami doesn't remember his age.
Sami doesn't even remember his age.
Layla has multiple partners.
Sami isn't even really sure.
Sami is not even really sure.
Aart was singing a racist song.
Sami's YouTube channel became popular.
Sami is telling the stories in chronological order.
Sami watched Layal's YouTube series videos in order.
Sami only made six dollars an hour.
Sami makes more money.
Sami got hired permanently.
Sami worked for that department.
Sami adored the social media department where he worked.
Sami was blogging.
Sami was working in the social media department.
Sami is just waiting.
Sami had a better chance of getting recruited at Walmart.
Sami felt that Layla would go a good job.
Sami wants to see what will happen.
Sami took a test.
Sami's test was super easy.
Sami knows how to use social media very well.
Sami wanted Layla on his team.
Sami really wanted Layla on his team.
Sami aced the test.
Sami found the test super easy.
Sami found the test easy.
Sami found the test hard.
Sami worked with old people.
Sami thinks his wife is cheating on him.
Sami knew he was going to pass that test.
Sami is a writer.
Sami was getting ready to move to a new building.
Sami warmed up to me.
Sami was always mean.
Sami is the most easy-going person to talk to.
Sami warmed up to Layla and she warmed up to him, too.
Sami and Layla warmed up to each other.
Sami was doing great in the social media department.
Sami was always trying Layla.
Sami knew that I was going to quit.
Sami would always piss Layla off.
Sami looked very good for his age.
Layla was a white lady.
Layla's body looked very nice.
Layla was so pretty.
Sami and his friends are dicks.
Sami isn't learning anything.
Sami isn't learning much.
Sami isn't learning anything there.
Sami knew Layla and Farid were related.
Sami started looking around.
Sami and Layla were talking shit.
Sami didn't know who there were.
Sami was yelling at his cousin.
Sami was on the phone with a customer.
Sami talks shit all the time.
Sami and Farid were fighting and nobody was trying to break it up.
Sami is punching Layla in the face.
Sami's supervisor came.
Sami got fired that day.
Sami needs to hire new teachers.
Sami saw a fight in school.
Sami and Layla are having an awsome weekend.
Sami deleted the video immediately.
Sami was watching porn videos.
Sami isn't proud of it.
Sami was not proud of it.
Sami wasn't proud of it.
Sami was working for this company.
Sami didn't need any help from anybody.
Sami was doing a very good job.
Sami is hiring servers.
Sami was hiring at the time.
Sami is still hiring.
Sami did a good job.
Sami called customer service.
Sami needs to change his address.
Sami can't change his address.
Sami changed his address.
Sami was an exception.
Sami went to the post office.
Sami should finish the job.
Sami made the job simple.
Sami has many customers.
Sami can't do anything for you.
Sami can do it for Layla.
Sami was fucking dumb.
Sami changed the address.
Sami couldn't do anything for Layla.
Sami is sitting next to me.
Sami noticed those spots.
Sami doesn't know why Layla did that.
Sami was sitting right next to me.
Sami was naturally confronational.
Sami knew the calls were recorded.
Sami was glancing at me from the corner of his eye.
Sami snapped on me.
Sami doesn't even know what he is doing.
Sami was on the phone with a girl.
Sami is nasty to Layla.
Sami just knew.
Sami could do it.
Sami saw what was going on.
Sami has nobody to talk to.
Sami has been here for a few weeks.
Sami wanted it.
Sami didn't deserve this.
Sami has been there longer than Layla.
Sami is just trying to help Layla.
Sami has a good memory.
Sami's name was on the list.
Sami told the boss what was going on.
Sami kept his cool.
Sami is so incompetent.
Sami was really sorry to hear that.
Sami was right in front of Layla.
Sami still works at Walmart to this day.
Sami gave Layla the cold shoulder.
Sami is intimidating Layla.
Sami got a higher position within the department he was in.
Sami has been working here for like six years now.
Sami thinks Layla is really cool.
Sami rode a camel.
Sami showed Layla how to ride a camel.
Sami has many camels.
Sami made the camel stop.
Sami stopped his camel.
Sami has a huge camel.
Sami made the camel sit down.
Sami named his camel "Farid."
Sami wanted to ride a camel.
Sami is looking for his camel.
Sami was bitten by a camel.
Sami took pictures of his camel.
Sami took his camel to a well.
Sami teaches people how to ride camels.
Sami got on the camel.
Sami got off the camel.
Sami's camel is huge.
Sami put his foot in the stirrup.
Sami was showing tourists how to read a camel.
Sami fell off his camel.
Sami saddled his camel.
Sami's camel is gorgeous.
Sami demonstrated to the tourists how to saddle a camel.
Sami rides camels, donkeys, and horses.
Sami sells camels in Cairo.
Sami's camels are quite experienced.
Sami felt more secure.
Sami's camel was chewing his cud.
Sami enjoyed the company of his camel.
Sami is a camel handler.
Sami thinks that camels are amazing animals.
Sami was brushing his camel.
Sami looked after his camel.
Sami placed the rug on the camel's back.
Sami's camel was afraid of Farid.
Sami killed his camel.
Sami cycled around the world.
Sami really couldn't say no.
Sami fought with the SAS in Iraq.
Sami was building a car in his garage.
One, two, three, go!
How come your fingerprints are on this glass?
Sometimes politics is really hard to avoid.
Do you consider me your brother?
You consider me your brother.
I spend all my free time reading.
We have arrived!
My father doesn't have a car.
If it's like that, it's easy.
Everyone is afraid.
Shut up otherwise they will hear us.
I'm glad you like my apartment.
I'm glad you like our house.
Tom did most of the decorating.
Mary did most of the decorating.
My girlfriend did most of the decorating.
I didn't even know you had a girlfriend.
I didn't even know you had a boyfriend.
The walls were decorated with African masks.
I want to know why you lied.
I want to know why you lied to me.
Plants hung from the ceiling.
Tom has a spider plant.
I've done this a hundred times.
Don't worry. I've done this a thousand times.
Are you guys going to be okay?
Are you going to be okay?
Tom was marooned on a deserted island.
Tom was marooned on an uninhabited island.
Tom was marooned on an island in the middle of nowhere.
Tom was marooned on an island in the middle of the Pacific ocean.
Tom was marooned on a tiny island.
Tom was marooned on a desert island.
Tom was marooned on an island.
I plan to go to Canada next year.
Alexander Selkirk was marooned on a Pacific island for four years.
Robinson Crusoe was marooned on a desert island.
Tom and I were good friends.
Mary and I were good friends.
We don't have time to argue.
Welcome to my humble abode.
You've been talking to me for so long, don't you know my name?!
No matter whether it is cold or hot, when she goes out, she always brings a scarf.
Tom was stranded on a desert island.
Tom and Mary were stranded on a desert island.
Tom and Mary are stranded on a desert island.
Tom and Mary are castaways.
Tom and Mary became stranded on a deserted island.
Tom was lost at sea.
Would you want to be stranded on a deserted island with him?
Would you want to be stranded on a deserted island with her?
This is so strange.
This is so awesome.
Mary stood with her hands on her hips.
Mary didn't look happy.
She didn't look happy.
This is a captivating story.
I loved this book.
She's watching us.
He's watching us.
Somebody could be watching us.
No one is watching us.
God is always watching over us.
No one was watching us.
Tom made sure that no one was watching.
My chest hurts a bit, so I am not going to eat.
It's a little bland.
Tom is not easily offended.
Are you enjoying the view?
Did you enjoy the view?
To drink together is to become sworn brothers.
We can't be sure Tom will do that.
We can't be sure that Tom will do that.
I want to make sure Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make sure that Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make sure that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I'm sure I didn't say that.
I'm sure that I didn't say that.
I'm not sure Tom likes that.
I'm not sure that Tom likes that.
I'm pretty sure Tom will be at the meeting.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will be at the meeting.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will do that.
I'm pretty sure I can do that.
I'm pretty sure that I can do that.
I'm pretty sure that'll happen.
I'm pretty sure that that'll happen.
I was almost sure you'd say something like that.
I was almost sure that you'd say something like that.
Are you sure it was Tom who told Mary that?
Are you sure that it was Tom who told Mary that?
The fact Tom didn't do that can't be denied.
The fact Tom did that can't be denied.
The fact that Tom did that can't be denied.
Tom has repeatedly denied he did that.
Tom has repeatedly denied that he did that.
Tom has denied he cheated.
Tom has denied that he cheated.
Tom denied that that was the case.
Tom denied he stole the money.
Tom denied that he stole the money.
Tom adamantly denied he had anything to do with the robbery.
Tom adamantly denied that he had anything to do with the robbery.
Tom never denied he did that.
Tom never denied he was the one who did that.
Tom didn't deny he was the one who stole Mary's necklace.
Tom didn't deny that he was the one who stole Mary's necklace.
Tom denies he was the one who did that.
Tom denies he paid ransom money.
Tom denies he lied.
Tom denies he left early.
Tom denies he did that.
Tom denies he did that on purpose.
Tom denies he cried.
Tom denies he broke the window.
Tom denies he agreed to do that.
There's no denying that Tom is clever.
There's no denying that Tom is a good swimmer.
There's no point in denying that happened.
There's no point in denying that that happened.
Don't bother denying you did that.
Don't bother denying that you did that.
There's a possibility it'll snow tomorrow.
There is a possibility it will snow tonight.
I just want you to consider the possibility that you're wrong.
I think there's a possibility that Tom won't want to do that.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom won't want to do that.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom won't do that.
I think there's a possibility that Tom won't be there.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom won't be there.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom will do that.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom is going to do that.
I think there's a possibility Tom won't want to do that.
I think that there's a possibility Tom won't want to do that.
I think there's a possibility Tom won't do that.
I think that there's a possibility Tom won't do that.
I think there's a possibility Tom won't be there.
I think that there's a possibility Tom won't be there.
I think there's a possibility Tom will do that.
I think that there's a possibility Tom will do that.
Do you believe there's a possibility that Tom will do that?
Do you believe there's a possibility Tom will do that?
Do you believe that there's a possibility Tom will do that?
Tom knew there was a possibility that Mary would show up late.
Tom knew that there was a possibility that Mary would show up late.
Tom knew there was a possibility that Mary would do that.
Tom knew that there was a possibility that Mary would do that.
Tom knew there was a possibility that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom knew that there was a possibility that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom knew there was a possibility Mary would show up late.
Tom knew that there was a possibility Mary would show up late.
Tom knew there was a possibility Mary would do that.
Tom knew that there was a possibility Mary would do that.
Tom knew there was a possibility Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom knew that there was a possibility Mary wouldn't do that.
There's a possibility you'll have to do that.
There's a possibility that you'll have to do that.
There's a possibility you'll need to do that.
There's a possibility that you'll need to do that.
Is there still a possibility that'll happen?
Is there still a possibility that that'll happen?
Maybe Tom should consider the possibility Mary has left him for good.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility Mary had killed herself.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility Mary didn't like him.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility he might be laid off from work.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility he was going to get drafted.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility he was mistaken.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to even consider the possibility he's wrong.
We can't rule out the possibility Tom was the one who stole Mary's pearl necklace.
We can't rule out the possibility that Tom was the one who stole Mary's pearl necklace.
We can't rule out the possibility Tom was murdered.
We can't rule out the possibility that Tom was murdered.
We can't rule out the possibility Tom committed suicide.
We can't rule out the possibility that Tom committed suicide.
We can't rule out the possibility it was an accident.
I think there's a possibility Tom is going to do that.
I wonder if there's any possibility Tom will do that.
I wonder if there's really any possibility Tom will do that.
I wonder whether or not there's any possibility Tom will do that.
I wonder whether there's any possibility Tom will do that.
I wonder whether there's really any possibility Tom will do that.
The possibility Tom might be doing that worried Mary.
The possibility Tom might get lost worried Mary.
The possibility that Tom might get lost worried Mary.
The possibility Tom might get injured worried Mary.
The possibility that Tom might get injured worried Mary.
The possibility Tom might do that worried Mary.
There's a possibility Tom is out on the porch reading a book.
There's a possibility that Tom is out on the porch reading a book.
There's a possibility Tom is at Mary's.
There's a possibility that Tom is at Mary's.
There's a possibility Tom is in Boston.
There's a possibility that Tom is in Boston.
There's a possibility Tom is with his friends, but I don't think he is.
There's a possibility Tom won't be able to do that.
There's a possibility that Tom won't be able to do that.
There's a possibility Tom will be busy all day tomorrow.
There's a possibility that Tom will be busy all day tomorrow.
There's a possibility Tom isn't as happy as he seems.
There's a possibility that Tom isn't as happy as he seems.
There's a possibility Tom isn't going to be there.
There's a possibility that Tom isn't going to be there.
There's a possibility Tom wasn't the one who did that.
There's a possibility that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
There's a possibility Tom won't want to go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility that Tom won't want to go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility Tom won't go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility that Tom won't go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility Tom won't want to go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility that Tom won't want to go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility Tom won't go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility that Tom won't go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility Tom won't be there.
There's a possibility that Tom won't be there.
There's a possibility Tom won't want to do that.
There's a possibility that Tom won't want to do that.
There's a possibility Tom will be late.
There's a possibility Tom will be there.
There's a possibility Tom will use my bicycle.
We have to consider the possibility Tom may not want to do that.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom may not want to do that.
We have to consider the possibility Tom may have to do that.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom may have to do that.
We have to consider the possibility Tom was involved in the robbery.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility there's another explanation.
I want you to consider the possibility Tom is right.
I want you to consider the possibility that Tom is right.
I just want you to consider the possibility you're wrong.
Is there any possibility Tom will need to do that?
Is there any possibility that Tom will need to do that?
Is there any possibility Tom will be early?
Is there any possibility that Tom will be early?
Is there any possibility Tom will help us?
Is there any possibility that Tom will help us?
Is there any possibility Tom will want to do that with us?
Is there any possibility that Tom will want to do that with us?
Is there any possibility Tom will be there?
Is there any possibility that Tom will be there?
Is there any possibility Tom will do that?
Is there any possibility that Tom will do that?
Is there any possibility Tom will win the election?
Is there any possibility that Tom will win the election?
The possibility the explosion was caused by carelessness can't be ruled out.
There's a possibility I might be in Australia next month.
There's a possibility that I might be in Australia next month.
There's a possibility I might go to Australia next next.
There's a possibility that I might go to Australia next next.
There's a possibility I might be in Boston next year.
There's a possibility that I might be in Boston next year.
There's a possibility I might go to Boston next year.
There's a possibility that I might go to Boston next year.
There is a possibility we won't have to shut down the factory.
There's little possibility that'll happen.
There's little possibility that that'll happen.
There's a possibility I'll get injured.
There's a possibility that I'll get injured.
There's a possibility I'll be killed.
There's a possibility Tom got lost.
There's a possibility that Tom got lost.
There's a possibility I won't be there on time.
There's a possibility that I won't be there on time.
There's a possibility our plans will change.
There's a possibility that our plans will change.
There's a possibility the schedule will change.
There's a possibility that the schedule will change.
There's a possibility I won't be chosen.
There's a possibility that I won't be chosen.
There's a possibility I'll be the one who has to do that.
There's a possibility that I'll be the one who has to do that.
There's a possibility I won't be able to do that.
There's a possibility that I won't be able to do that.
He didn't know what to do.
No one's watching us.
Nobody's watching us.
Mary has a beautiful voice.
They both looked at each other.
Tom started drawing.
I'm not at all satisfied with this result.
Could you please be a little quieter?
Could you please not talk so loud?
Please be a little bit quieter.
I'll keep my eyes pealed.
I'm not talking about just Tom.
I'll keep that to myself.
Tom was obviously scared.
I'll sort that out later.
I'm a French teacher now.
Tom has poor impulse control.
Bring the jack over. I'll jack up the car.
There is a man and a woman.
There's one man and two women waiting for you in the lobby.
If you like it, just buy it.
Tom slipped away unnoticed.
Mary slipped away unnoticed.
You're quite forgetful.
They slipped away unnoticed.
Mary disappeared into the kitchen.
Are you certain Tom can do that?
Are you certain Tom can swim?
Are you certain Tom can take care of himself?
I was pretty certain Tom wouldn't like that.
I'm pretty certain Tom can't speak French.
I'm pretty certain Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I'm pretty certain Tom is in Boston now.
You're quite forgetful, aren't you?
If you like it, buy it.
If you really want one of those, you should buy one.
The two boys are quarreling.
She is used to living a hardworking and frugal life.
You stay here. Everyone else go outside.
He borrowed money from the bank in order to buy a car.
The clothes she wears are always plain.
Our company is a limited-liability company.
I'm fairly certain Tom wouldn't help you do that.
I'm fairly certain Tom and Mary have both already done that.
I'm fairly certain Tom doesn't have any siblings.
I'm fairly certain Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I'm fairly certain Tom has already done that.
I'm fairly certain Tom has already talked to Mary about that.
I'm fairly certain Tom has never done anything like that before.
I'm fairly certain Tom is innocent.
I'm fairly certain Tom will pass today's exam.
I'm fairly certain Tom won't like that.
I'm certain Tom will cry.
I'm certain Tom will do that.
I'm certain Tom will win.
I can't really be certain Tom didn't take the money.
I'm almost certain Tom can speak French.
I'm almost certain Tom will ask Mary to the prom.
She has a beautiful doll.
It seems that we're in trouble.
It looks like we're in trouble.
It looks like Tom is in trouble.
Why didn't you eat the sandwich that I made for you?
I'm almost certain Tom will be at the meeting tomorrow.
I'm almost certain Tom will do that.
I'm almost certain Tom will do what we asked.
I'm almost certain Tom will get into the university of his choice.
I'm almost certain Tom will get into the university that he wants.
I'm almost certain Tom will go swimming with us.
I'm almost certain Tom will win.
I'm absolutely certain Tom is wrong.
I'm pretty certain that that won't happen.
I'm fairly certain that that didn't happen.
I'm fairly certain that that won't happen.
Are you absolutely certain that that's not going to happen?
I'm fairly certain that isn't going to happen.
I'm fairly certain that that isn't going to happen.
I'm fairly certain that that's not going to happen.
I'm fairly certain that that's what's going to happen.
I'm certain that that'll happen eventually.
I'm absolutely certain that that's what happened.
Are you absolutely certain that that isn't going to happen?
Are you absolutely certain that isn't going to happen?
Are you certain you can do that?
I was certain you'd come.
I just want to be certain you know what you're supposed to do.
I just want to be certain that you know what you're supposed to do.
I just want to be certain you'll be there.
I just want to be certain that you'll be there.
I'm certain you saw Tom.
I'm certain your intentions are honorable.
I'm quite certain that that's the truth.
Are you certain that that's what you want?
I'm almost certain we have enough water.
I'm almost certain we have enough money to buy what we need.
I'm almost certain we can trust Tom.
I'm almost certain we can do that.
I'm almost certain that we can do that.
I'm almost certain we can do that for you.
I'm almost certain that we can do that for you.
I can't say for certain Tom will do that.
I can't say for certain that Tom will do that.
I can't say for certain that's what Tom wants to do.
I can't say for certain that that's what Tom wants to do.
I'm certain we'll do it.
I'm certain we'll do that.
I'm certain that we'll do that.
I'm certain I'll win the tennis match.
I'm certain I'll do that tomorrow.
I'm fairly certain we're being watched.
I'm fairly certain we can do that.
I'm fairly certain that we can do that.
I'm fairly certain we can do that for you.
I'm fairly certain that we can do that for you.
I'm fairly certain what I saw was an elephant.
I'm fairly certain that what I saw was an elephant.
I'm fairly certain both Tom and Mary have already done that.
I just want to be certain it's OK.
I just want to be certain you won't mind if I do that.
I just want to be certain that you won't mind if I do that.
I just want to be certain you won't mind if I leave early.
I just want to be certain that you won't mind if I leave early.
I'm not certain I trust Tom.
I'm not certain I can trust Tom.
I'm not certain I can do that.
I'm not certain that I can do that.
I'm not certain I want to do that.
I'm not certain that I want to do that.
I'm not certain I need to do that.
I'm not certain that I need to do that.
I'm not certain I should do that.
I'm not certain that I should do that.
I'm not certain I ought to do that.
I'm not certain that I ought to do that.
I'm not certain I'll be able to do that.
I'm not certain that I'll be able to do that.
I want to be certain we're doing what's best for Tom.
I'm not sure we should trust Tom.
I'm not sure that we should trust Tom.
I'm not sure I ought to do that.
I'm not sure that I ought to do that.
Tom told Mary he was uncertain what to do.
Tom knew certain things about Mary she hoped he wouldn't tell John.
The job requires certain skills I don't have.
Tom certainly understands we all need to attend today's meeting.
Tom certainly made it clear he didn't want Mary to attend the party.
Tom certainly knew what he was doing was illegal.
I'm sure Tom is aware that Mary is in the hospital.
I'm sure that Tom is aware Mary is in the hospital.
I'm sure Tom is aware Mary is in the hospital.
I'm sure that Tom is aware that Mary is in the hospital.
I certainly hope that that'll happen.
I'm absolutely certain that you're wrong about that.
We can't be certain Tom will do that.
We can't be certain that Tom will do that.
I want to make certain Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make certain that Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make certain Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I want to make certain that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I'm certain I didn't say that.
I'm certain that I didn't say that.
I'm not certain that Tom likes that.
I'm pretty certain Tom will be at the meeting.
I'm pretty certain that Tom will be at the meeting.
I'm pretty certain Tom will do that.
I'm pretty certain that Tom will do that.
I'm pretty certain I can do that.
I'm pretty certain that I can do that.
I'm pretty certain that'll happen.
I'm pretty certain that that'll happen.
I was almost certain that you'd say something like that.
Are you certain that it was Tom who told Mary that?
I'm absolutely certain that that's not going to happen.
I'm absolutely certain that that isn't going to happen.
I'm absolutely certain that's not going to happen.
I'm absolutely certain that isn't going to happen.
Tom was absolutely certain Mary was in Boston.
Tom was absolutely certain that Mary was in Boston.
Tom was certain Mary could understand French.
Tom was certain that Mary could understand French.
Tom was certain Mary could speak French.
Tom was certain that Mary could speak French.
Tom was certain he was going to be fired.
Tom was certain that he was going to be fired.
Tom is certain he knows who did that.
Tom is certain that he knows who did that.
Tom was certain he knew who did that.
Tom was certain that he knew who did that.
There's hardly any chance Tom will win the election.
There's hardly any chance that Tom will win the election.
Let's hope that that's the last time that that happens.
Let's hope that that's the last time that happens.
Let's hope that's the last time that that happens.
I hope that that isn't what really happened.
I hope that that's not what really happened.
I hope that isn't what really happened.
I hope that that isn't true.
I hope that that's not true.
I hope that I gave you enough money to buy everything that you needed.
I hope I gave you enough money to buy everything that you needed.
I hope I gave you enough money to buy everything you needed.
I hope that I'll be able to help you at some other time.
I hope it's fine tomorrow.
I hope that it's fine tomorrow.
I hope that Tom likes the present that I bought for him.
I hope Tom likes the present that I bought for him.
I hope that what you're eating is healthy.
I hope that you're good.
I hope that you'll all be friends with me.
I hope you aren't afraid.
I hope you're not afraid.
I'm concerned about that.
We're expecting Tom to help us.
Tom was obviously stoned.
I'm not focusing on that.
I liked some of Tom's paintings.
I'm not scared of snakes.
Tom is pretty influential.
I'm pretty mad right now.
I told Tom what he needed to do.
All we can do now is hope Tom does what he's promised to do.
Tom and Mary are still clinging to the hope their son will be found alive.
Tom and Mary are still clinging to the hope that their son will be found alive.
Is there any hope Tom will do that?
Is there any hope that Tom will do that?
Is there any hope Tom will come?
Is there any hope that Tom will come?
I sure hope Tom helps us tomorrow.
I sure hope Tom gets here on time.
I sure hope you can wait for me.
I sure hope that you can wait for me.
I sure hope that that's not true.
I sure hope that that isn't true.
I sure hope that isn't true.
I really hope you can visit us again.
I really hope that you can visit us again.
I really hope that Tom comes back.
I hope that it doesn't rain tomorrow.
I really hope it doesn't rain tomorrow.
I hope the rain holds off for a few hours more.
I hope that the rain holds off for a few hours more.
I only hope the rain holds off for a few hours more.
All of us hope that doesn't happen.
All of us hope that that doesn't happen.
All of us hope Tom will be there.
I just hope Tom and Mary weren't injured.
I just hope that Tom and Mary weren't injured.
I just hope that Tom and Mary are OK.
There's little hope Tom is still alive.
There's little hope that Tom is still alive.
There's little hope Tom will be here on time.
There's little hope that Tom will be here on time.
There's little hope Tom will succeed.
There's little hope that Tom will succeed.
There's little hope Tom will recover.
There's little hope that Tom will recover.
I hope your parents will allow us to get married.
I hope your mother gets well soon.
I hope your classroom had air conditioning.
I hope you enjoy this next song.
I hope that you enjoy this next song.
I hope you'll come tomorrow.
I hope you'll be my friends.
I hope you won't tell Tom about what we did.
I hope you don't make the same mistake as Tom.
I hope that you don't make the same mistake as Tom.
I hope that you get well soon.
I hope you'll all be friends with me.
I hope that you'll wait for us.
I hope you wait for us.
I hope you can get that done soon.
I hope you can get that done before 2:30.
I hope you can get home before 2:30.
I hope you aren't serious.
I hope you're good.
I hope you and Tom get along.
I hope that'll change soon.
I hope that that'll change soon.
I hope what you're eating is healthy.
I hope what we've done helped.
I hope what Tom said is true.
I hope that that was what you wanted.
I hope Tom marries Mary.
I hope that Tom marries Mary.
I hope Tom will marry Mary.
I hope Tom arrives soon.
I hope that Tom arrives soon.
I hope Tom wasn't mistaken.
I hope Tom sticks around for a while. I'd like to talk to him.
I hope Tom leaves a piece of cake for me.
I hope Tom comes to my party tonight.
I hope Tom can wait for us.
I hope Tom and Mary get along.
I hope this will help us.
I hope this doesn't hurt you.
I hope the exam isn't too difficult.
I hope the exam is easy.
I hope the bus ride won't be boring.
I hope that Tom gets better soon.
I hope that Tom helps me.
I hope that Tom gets well soon.
I hope Tom listens to me.
I hope that Tom listens to me.
I hope my team wins.
I hope Tom passes the examination.
I hope that Tom passes the examination.
I hope it'll work.
I hope it doesn't snow tomorrow.
I hope I run into Tom this evening.
I hope that I run into Tom this evening.
I hope I'll be able to help you tomorrow.
I hope that I'll be able to help you tomorrow.
I hope I'll be able to help you at some other time.
I hope I pass the exam.
I hope I don't regret doing that.
I hope that I don't regret doing that.
I hope I can sing with you someday.
I hope I can make it to Boston this winter.
I hope that I can make it to Boston this winter.
I hope that I don't need to do that.
I hope I'm able to do that.
I hope that I'm able to do that.
I hope I can do it.
I hope that that helps.
I hope that that helped.
I hope Tom succeeds.
I hope that Tom succeeds.
I hope that Tom will help me.
I hope everything is in order.
I hope that that didn't offend you.
I hope that that continues.
I hope that that changes soon.
I hope that that answers your question.
I hope that that's true.
I hope that that's the truth.
I hope that that's satisfactory.
I hope that that's good enough.
I hope that that's everything.
I hope that that's enough.
I hope that that's a joke.
I hope that that'll change.
Let's hope we don't have to do this anymore.
Let's hope Tom doesn't try that.
Let's hope Tom can handle that by himself.
Let's hope decency will prevail.
Let's hope that that day is a long way off.
Let's hope common sense prevails.
Let's hope that that changes today.
Let's hope that that's true.
Let's hope that that's enough.
Let's hope that that's enough time.
We hope you're ready.
We hope you'll get here on time.
We hope you'll be in Boston next spring.
We hope you'll be able to do everything you want to do.
We hope you won't freeze.
We hope you won't be late.
We hope you succeed.
We hope that you succeed.
We hope you'll visit Boston.
We hope that you'll visit Boston.
We hope you visit Boston.
We hope you don't get hurt.
We hope you can help us.
We hope it works.
We hope it doesn't rain tomorrow.
We hope we can go there.
We hope that we can go there.
I do hope it won't rain tomorrow.
I do hope Tom gets well soon.
I do hope that Tom gets well soon.
I can only hope in time you'll forgive me.
Tom and Mary hope their next child will be a boy.
We all hope Tom does that.
We all hope that Tom does that.
We all hope Tom is feeling better.
We all hope that Tom is feeling better.
I really hope that that happens.
I really hope that that doesn't happen.
Let's just hope that that doesn't happen.
I hope that that won't happen.
I hope that that won't happen for a long time.
I hope that that won't happen again.
I hope that that never happens to me.
I hope that that happens.
I hope that that doesn't happen.
I hope that that doesn't happen to you again.
I hope that that doesn't happen again.
I hope that that doesn't ever happen.
I hope that that doesn't ever happen again.
I hope that that'll happen soon.
Let's hope that that never happens again.
Let's hope that that happens.
Let's hope that that doesn't happen.
Let's hope that that doesn't happen again.
We hope that that doesn't happen.
We hope that that doesn't happen again.
There's a chance Tom is here in the park somewhere.
There's a chance Tom might try to kill himself again.
There's a chance Tom will cry.
There's a chance Tom will win.
There's a chance Tom won't be there.
There's a good chance Tom doesn't know what Mary has done.
There's a good chance Tom missed the train.
There's a good chance Tom will be here this afternoon.
There's a good chance Tom will be punished for what he did.
There's a good chance Tom will be the new manager.
There's a good chance Tom will be the next manager.
There's a good chance Tom will lose the race.
There's a good chance Tom will win the race.
There's a good chance Tom won't be at the meeting.
There's a good chance Tom won't like that.
There's a good chance Tom won't like the kind of music your band plays.
There's a slim chance Tom will be late.
There's a very good chance Tom will be here tomorrow.
There's a very good chance Tom will be late.
There's a very good chance Tom will get that job.
There's a very good chance Tom won't be at school tomorrow.
There's absolutely no chance Tom will be there.
There's absolutely no chance Tom will win the race.
There are a lot of gullible people, so there is a chance Tom will be elected.
The chance Tom will be executed is very slim.
The chance Tom will get arrested is very slim.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will believe that.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will help you.
I guess I always knew there was a chance Tom wouldn't come.
I knew there was a chance Tom would need some help.
There's little chance Tom will win.
There's no chance Tom will be here on time.
There's no chance Tom will be late today.
There's no chance Tom will cry.
There's no chance Tom will ever be able to play the banjo as well as Mary does.
There's no chance Tom will ever be able to play the banjo as well as Mary.
There's no chance Tom will ever get here on time.
There's no chance Tom will win the fight.
There's no chance Tom will win.
There's still a chance Tom might help us.
There's still a chance Tom might not have to spend time in prison.
Is there any chance Tom can win?
Is there any chance Tom might have gone to Mary's house last night?
Is there any chance Tom will agree to the plan?
Is there any chance Tom will agree?
Is there any chance Tom will be at tonight's party?
Is there any chance Tom will be late?
Is there any chance Tom won't get here on time?
There was no chance Tom was going to win that fight.
Do you think there's a chance Tom will be there?
Do you think there's a chance Tom will have a party?
Do you think there's any chance Tom knows Mary's phone number?
There's a good chance that Tom will pass today's exam.
There's a chance that Tom will be there.
There's a chance that Tom will be late.
There's a chance that Tom is in trouble.
Is there any chance that Tom will cry?
Is there any chance that Tom knows how to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom is in Boston now?
Is there any chance that Tom is doing that now?
I wonder whether there's a chance that Tom will help us.
I wonder whether there's a chance that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not there's a chance that Tom will help us.
I wonder whether or not there's a chance that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I wonder if there's a chance that Tom will help us.
I wonder if there's a chance that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I think there's still a chance that Tom will get here on time.
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be at the party?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be able to find Mary?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom will do that?
Are you saying there's still a chance that Tom will graduate with the rest of his class?
Is there any chance that you could be ready in an hour?
Is there any chance that you could help me get them?
Is there any chance that you'll come back to Boston again this year?
There's no chance that you're getting away.
Tom wasn't given the chance that you and I were given.
Is there any chance that you can get that done by 2:30?
Is there any chance you won't do that?
Is there any chance you'll do that?
I'm aware that there's only a slim chance you'll want to see me.
Is there any chance you have eaten any of the contaminated food?
Is there any chance you'll be coming to Boston this year?
Is there any chance you'll be in Boston next month?
Is there any chance you'll go to Boston next month?
Is there any chance you'll go to the post office today?
No one wants to dance with me.
We're not supposed to speak French in the classroom.
We've been told to only speak French in the classroom.
Nobody wants to dance with me.
No one would dance with Tom.
Nobody would dance with Tom.
No one wanted to dance with Tom.
Nobody wanted to dance with Tom.
Do you think there's any chance that we'll be able to finish this on time?
I think there's a good chance that we'll never see Tom again.
Is there a chance that we'll lose our jobs?
Is there any chance that we can succeed?
It's a chance that we've got to take.
That's a chance that we've got to take.
That's a chance we've got to take.
The longer we wait, the less chance that we have of finding Tom.
There's a chance that we won't be there.
There's a chance that we'll be late.
You've ruined the best chance that we had to get rid of Tom.
There's a good chance we'll win.
There's still a chance we can save Tom.
Are you saying that there's still a chance that we can get this done on time?
Are you saying that there's still a chance we can get this done on time?
Are you saying there's still a chance we can get this done on time?
There's a good chance Tom's father doesn't know that Tom is here.
There's a good chance that Tom's father doesn't know that Tom is here.
There's a good chance Tom will ask Mary to help him do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will ask Mary to help him do that.
There's a good chance Tom will move to Boston next year.
There's a good chance that Tom will move to Boston next year.
There's a good chance Tom doesn't know how to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
There's a good chance Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a good chance Tom will need help doing that.
There's a good chance that Tom will need help doing that.
There's a good chance Tom will ask Mary to help him.
There's a good chance that Tom will ask Mary to help him.
There's a good chance Tom will refuse to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will refuse to do that.
There's a good chance Tom will do that with Mary.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that with Mary.
There's a good chance Tom will do that tomorrow.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that tomorrow.
There's a chance Tom won't be at work on Monday.
There's a chance that Tom won't be at work on Monday.
Is there any chance Tom isn't going to be there?
Is there any chance that Tom isn't going to be there?
There's a chance Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a chance that Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a chance Tom will go to Boston with us.
There's a chance that Tom will go to Boston with us.
Is there any chance Tom will ask me to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom will ask me to do that?
Is there any chance Tom isn't going to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom isn't going to do that?
There's no chance Tom will ask you to do that.
There's no chance that Tom will ask you to do that.
There's a chance Tom will eat with us tonight.
There's a chance that Tom will eat with us tonight.
Is there any chance Tom will be there tonight?
Is there any chance that Tom will be there tonight?
Is there any chance Tom will want to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom will want to do that?
Is there any chance Tom will need to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom will need to do that?
Is there any chance Tom will have to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom will have to do that?
Is there any chance Tom isn't in Boston now?
Is there any chance that Tom isn't in Boston now?
There's a good chance Tom needs to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom needs to do that.
There's a chance Tom won't want to do that.
There's a chance that Tom won't want to do that.
There's a chance Tom won't know what to do.
There's a chance that Tom won't know what to do.
There's a good chance Tom will be elected.
There's a good chance that Tom will be elected.
There's a chance Tom won't want you there.
There's a chance that Tom won't want you there.
There's a good chance Tom will be chosen.
There's a good chance that Tom will be chosen.
There's a good chance Tom has to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom has to do that.
Tom goes to Boston every chance he gets.
Tom goes to Boston every chance that he gets.
There's a small chance Tom will succeed.
There's a small chance that Tom will succeed.
There's a good chance Tom won't do that.
There's a good chance that Tom won't do that.
There's a good chance Tom can't do that.
There's a good chance that Tom can't do that.
There's a chance Tom will pass the exam.
There's a chance that Tom will pass the exam.
Tom goes swimming every chance he gets.
Tom goes swimming every chance that he gets.
There's a good chance Tom will do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that.
There's a good chance Tom will be late.
There's a good chance that Tom will be late.
Tom goes fishing every chance he gets.
Tom goes fishing every chance that he gets.
Tom goes camping every chance he gets.
Tom goes camping every chance that he gets.
Is there any chance Tom will recover?
Is there any chance that Tom will recover?
Tom eats steak every chance he gets.
Tom eats steak every chance that he gets.
There's a good chance Tom will come.
There's a good chance that Tom will come.
It was pure chance Tom won the race.
It was pure chance that Tom won the race.
It was pure chance Tom won the game.
It was pure chance that Tom won the game.
Is there any chance Tom will resign?
Is there any chance that Tom will resign?
Tom does that every chance he gets.
Tom does that every chance that he gets.
There's no chance Tom will recover.
There's no chance that Tom will recover.
There's no chance Tom will help us.
There's no chance that Tom will help us.
There's no chance Tom will do that.
There's a good chance Tom will win.
There's a good chance that Tom will win.
Is there any chance Tom will come?
Is there any chance that Tom will come?
I think that I have a good chance.
Do you think that I have a chance?
Do you think that I have a chance of winning?
Do you think I have a chance of winning?
I don't think that I have any chance of getting that job.
I think that I have a good chance of winning.
I think that I have a good chance of winning the election.
I think that I have a good chance of getting elected.
I think that I have a good chance of being hired for the job.
I think that I have a good chance of being elected.
I think that I have a good chance of being chosen.
I don't think that I'll have a chance to do that.
I don't think that I have any chance of winning.
I don't think that I have a chance of winning.
I didn't think that I'd ever have a chance to do that.
You know as well as I do that there's no chance Tom will do that.
There's a good chance Tom will be punished for doing that.
There's a good chance Tom will be arrested for doing that.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will let you do that.
There's a good chance Tom will be fired for doing that.
There's a good chance Tom will be fined for doing that.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will ever do that.
Do you think there's a chance Tom knows how to do that?
There's no chance Tom will ever be able to do that.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will do that.
Isn't there a chance Tom is doing that right now?
There's no chance Tom will forget to do that.
There's a very good chance Tom will do that.
There's no chance Tom will ever do that.
There's little chance Tom will do that.
Isn't there a chance Tom is doing that?
Is there any chance Tom won't do that?
There's a chance Tom will do that.
I'm pretty sad right now.
Tom is pretty trustworthy.
I'm usually pretty picky.
I told Tom where I used to work.
I've done it all my life.
Tom was obviously anxious.
I've seen you doing that.
I told Tom where I wanted to go.
I can't let you read that.
Tom was obviously baffled.
The cinema is to the right of the restaurant.
I already put salt in the pasta.
Tom won't have to do that again, I assure you.
No child wants to be treated like a baby.
I've been told I have a lovely, clear speaking voice.
Stop grade-grubbing.
Stop begging for class notes.
I don't envy your life. Not even a little bit.
She returned the book.
Tom returned the book that he borrowed from the library last week.
If you work hard, your dreams will come true.
If you work hard, all your dreams will come true.
I suggest we don't do that.
I suggest that we don't do that.
We don't have to do anything we don't want to.
We don't have to do anything we don't want to do.
Sometimes you just have to do things that you don't want to do.
It was entirely by accident I found out what Tom was doing.
It was entirely by accident that I found out what Tom was doing.
Tom said he wanted another chance.
Tom said that he wanted another chance.
I write every chance that I get.
I try to help Tom every chance that I get.
I swim every chance that I get.
I play golf every chance that I get.
I go to Boston every chance that I get.
I go swimming every chance that I get.
I go ice skating every chance that I get.
I eat Thai food every chance that I get.
I eat sushi every chance that I get.
I hope that I get a chance to return the favor you've done me.
I hope that I get the chance to meet Tom.
I hope that I get the chance to ask Tom that question.
I hope that I will have a chance to see you next time I'm in New York.
I hope that you have a chance to spend time with your family soon.
Do you honestly think that Tom has a chance to win?
Do you really think that we have a chance to win?
Do you still think that we have a chance to win?
Do you think that we have a chance to win?
Don't you think that we have a chance to win?
I wish that I had a chance to finish it.
I wish that I had had the chance to learn French in high school.
I wish that I had had the chance to learn French.
I wish that I'd gotten a chance to meet Tom.
I'd have gone swimming if I'd had the chance to.
I would've gone swimming if I'd had the chance to.
I'm glad that I got a chance to see you again.
I'm glad that we've had this chance to talk.
I'm glad that you got a chance to talk to Tom before he left.
Tom doesn't think he has a chance to win.
Tom doesn't think that he has a chance to win.
Tom didn't really feel he had a chance to win.
I felt that was too good a chance to miss.
I felt that that was too good a chance to miss.
Do you believe that I have a chance to get that position?
Do you think that I have a chance to get that job?
Do you think I have a chance to get that job?
I think Tom has no chance of winning.
I think that Tom has no chance of winning.
Do you think there's a chance that'll happen?
Do you think that there's a chance that'll happen?
Do you think that there's a chance I could get that job?
Do you think that there's any chance of that happening?
Do you think there's any chance you'll be able to come?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll be able to come?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will be able to come?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be able to come?
Didn't you know that there was a good chance that this would happen?
Didn't you know there was a good chance this would happen?
Didn't you know that there was a good chance this would happen?
I think that there's a chance that it'll rain tonight.
I think there's a chance it'll rain tonight.
I think that there's a chance it'll rain tonight.
I think there's a good chance that that'll happen.
I think that there's a good chance that that'll happen.
I think there's a good chance that'll happen.
I think that there's a good chance that'll happen.
Is there a possibility that'll happen?
Is there a possibility that that'll happen?
There's a good chance that taxes will increase.
There's a good chance that gasoline prices will go up.
I don't think that there's any chance that our team will win.
I don't think that there's any chance that I'll get there on time.
I don't think there's any chance our team will win.
I don't think that there's any chance our team will win.
I don't think there's any chance I'll get there on time.
I don't think that there's any chance I'll get there on time.
I'll try to fix this, but there's a chance I won't be able to.
I think there's a good chance it'll rain tonight.
I think there's a good chance that it'll rain tonight.
Is there a chance that that'll happen?
Is there much of a chance that'll happen?
Is there much of a chance that that'll happen?
Is there any chance that'll happen?
Is there any chance that that'll happen?
There's not much chance it'll rain tomorrow.
There's not much chance Tom will be there.
There's not much chance that Tom will be there.
There's not much chance Tom will help us.
There's not much chance that Tom will help us.
There's no chance that that's going to happen.
There's a good chance taxes will increase.
There's a good chance gasoline prices will go up.
There's a very good chance it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a very good chance I'll be there tomorrow.
There's a very good chance that I'll be there tomorrow.
There's a very good chance Tom can help you.
There's a very good chance that Tom can help you.
There's a very good chance Tom knows what to do.
There's a very good chance that Tom knows what to do.
There's a very good chance Tom knows Mary.
There's a very good chance that Tom knows Mary.
There's a very good chance that'll happen.
There's a very good chance that that'll happen.
There's a good chance what Tom told you isn't true.
There's a good chance Tom will be in Boston next week.
There's a good chance that Tom will be in Boston next week.
There's a chance you'll get injured if you do it that way.
There's a chance that you'll get injured if you do it that way.
There's a good chance our prices will be going up next month.
There's a good chance it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a chance it'll snow tonight.
There's a chance that it'll snow tonight.
There's a chance Tom might know the answer.
There's a chance that Tom might know the answer.
There's a chance it'll work.
There's a chance that'll work.
There's a chance that that'll work.
There's a slim chance that'll work.
There's a slim chance that that'll work.
There's a slim chance we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's a slim chance that we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's only a slim chance we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's only a slim chance that we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's a very slim chance that'll work.
There's a very slim chance that that'll work.
There's a chance it'll rain today.
There's a chance I can be there by 2:30.
What are the chances that I'll actually get the job?
I wish Tom would give me another chance.
I hope that I get that chance.
I don't think we want to risk that happening.
I don't think that we want to risk that happening.
I suggest we give Tom a second chance.
I suggest that we give Tom a second chance.
I suggest we give Tom another chance.
I suggest that we give Tom another chance.
Tom says you deserve another chance.
Tom says that you deserve another chance.
Tom is hoping that he'll be given a second chance.
Everybody deserves a second chance.
I'm hoping that I'll be given a second chance.
I'm hoping I'll be given another chance.
I'm hoping that I'll be given another chance.
Tom deserves the same chance we gave Mary.
Tom deserves the same chance that we gave Mary.
I think you should give Tom a chance tell his side of the story.
I think that you should give Tom a chance tell his side of the story.
I should give Tom my old watch.
I should give my old watch to Tom.
I hope that you'll give Tom a chance.
I believe that everybody deserves a chance.
I believe that everyone deserves a chance.
I believe everybody deserves a chance.
Everybody deserves a chance.
Everyone still has a chance.
Do you think that Tom has a chance?
Do you think that there's still a chance?
Do you think that there's a chance?
Do you still think that you have a chance?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom is still there?
Do you think that there's a chance that Tom is still there?
I hope that Tom gets the chance.
I want to believe that there's still a chance for us to be happy together.
I knew that might be my only chance to escape.
I knew that that might be my only chance to escape.
I don't know why I even thought that I had a chance with Tom.
I don't know why I thought that I had a chance of winning.
I don't know why I thought I had a chance of winning.
What are the chances Tom will actually get the job?
What are the chances that Tom will actually get the job?
What are the chances I'll actually get the job?
What are the chances we'll have a white Christmas?
What are the chances Tom will actually come?
What're the chances I'll get injured?
What're the chances that I'll get injured?
What're the chances I'll meet Tom there?
What're the chances that I'll meet Tom there?
What're the chances Tom will know the answer?
What're the chances that Tom will know the answer?
What're the chances Tom will win?
What're the chances that Tom will win?
What're the chances Tom will tell me what I want to know?
What're the chances that Tom will tell me what I want to know?
What're the chances you will be there?
What're the chances that you will be there?
What're the chances you will be in Boston next Monday?
What're the chances that you will be in Boston next Monday?
Do you think there's a chance Tom is still there?
Do you think that there's a chance Tom is still there?
Are you saying there's still a chance that'll happen?
Are you saying there's still a chance that that'll happen?
There's a slim chance that I won't be able to make it to the meeting.
There's a good chance that it'll snow.
There's a good chance that it'll rain.
There's a chance that this might be Tom's.
There's a chance that it'll snow.
There's a chance that it'll snow tomorrow.
There's a chance that it'll rain.
There's a chance that it'll rain tomorrow.
Is there a chance that this will happen again?
Tom didn't think that he had a chance to succeed, but he at least wanted to give it a shot.
Tom didn't think that he'd ever have a chance to live in another country.
Do you think that Tom has a chance of winning?
Do you think Tom has a chance of winning?
Do you think that Tom has any chance of being elected class president?
Do you think that Tom has any chance of winning?
Do you think that we have any chance of winning?
I don't think that Tom has any chance of winning.
I don't think that we have any chance of winning.
I don't think that we'd have any chance of winning.
I think that we have a chance of winning.
I think that we have a good chance of winning.
Personally, I don't think that Tom has a chance of winning.
I don't think that there's much chance of that happening.
I think that there's only a slim chance of that happening.
I don't think that Tom knows that won't happen anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom knows that that won't happen anytime soon.
I don't think Tom knows that that won't happen anytime soon.
I don't think that'll do any good.
I don't think that anyone really understands me.
I don't think anyone really understands me.
I don't think anybody really understands me.
I don't think that that's anyone I know.
I don't think that that's anybody that I know.
I don't think that that's anybody I know.
I don't think that that's anyone that I know.
I don't think that's anyone I know.
I don't think that's anybody that I know.
I don't think that's anyone that I know.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave Mary that necklace.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave that necklace to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows who gave Mary that necklace.
I don't think Tom knows who gave that necklace to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is already married.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is already married.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave me this umbrella.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave this umbrella to me.
I don't think Tom knows who gave me this umbrella.
I don't think Tom knows who gave this umbrella to me.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm already married.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm already married.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm married.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm married.
I don't think that Tom knows I used to be married.
I don't think that Tom knows I that used to be married.
I don't think that Tom knows I used to be married to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows I that used to be married to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm not single anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm not single anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think that you'll like that.
I don't think that you'll have that problem.
I don't think that you'd like that.
I don't think that you want that.
I don't think you should worry about it too much.
I don't think that you should tell Tom that.
I don't think you should leave Tom alone.
I don't think that you should eat that.
I don't think that you should drink that water.
I don't think that you should buy that.
I don't think that you should buy that car.
I don't think that you really want to call attention to that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom anything about what happened.
I don't think that you need to be worried about that.
I don't think that you need that much money to buy what you need.
I don't think that you mean that.
I don't think that you can sell that.
I don't think that you can explain that.
I don't think that you can eat that.
I don't think that you believe that.
I don't think what Tom did was right.
I don't think that we want to go down that road.
I don't think that we should tell Tom about what happened.
I don't think that we should tell Tom about that.
I don't think that we should talk about that now.
I don't think that we should need to pay that much.
I don't think we should leave the windows open.
I don't think we should go with Tom.
I don't think we should even consider singing.
I don't think we should buy such an expensive car.
I don't think that we really need to attend that meeting.
I don't think that we need that.
I don't think that we have the time for that.
I don't think that we have that kind of time.
I don't think that we can take that risk.
I don't think that we can say that.
I don't think that we can risk that.
I don't think that we can really say that one is right and the other is wrong.
I don't think that we can pull that off.
I don't think that we can do it that soon.
I don't think that we can do anything about that.
I don't think that that was your fault.
I don't think that that was Tom.
I don't think that that was the problem.
I don't think that that was a wise decision.
I don't think Tom's speech was very good.
I don't think Tom's performance was very good.
I don't think Tom's concert was very good.
I don't think that Tom would've said that.
I don't think that Tom would've said that to Mary.
I don't think that Tom would really want that.
I don't think that Tom would mind buying that for you.
I don't think that Tom would like that.
I don't think Tom would lie to me.
I don't think Tom would ever leave Mary.
I don't think that Tom would ever do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be worried about something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be glad if that happened.
I don't think that Tom would be frightened by that.
I don't think that Tom would be foolish enough to do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be embarrassed by something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be crazy enough to do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be concerned about that.
I don't think that Tom would agree to that.
I don't think that Tom will understand that.
I don't think Tom will sing with us tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will like that.
I don't think that Tom will have that problem.
I don't think that Tom will forget that.
I don't think Tom will ever come back.
I don't think Tom will come to the party.
I don't think that Tom will buy that for you.
I don't think Tom was the one who stole my bicycle.
I don't think that Tom was married at that time.
I don't think that Tom was kidding about that.
I don't think Tom was in Boston last week.
I don't think Tom was hiding.
I don't think Tom was having fun.
I don't think that Tom was engaged at that time.
I don't think that Tom wants that to happen.
