Tom and Mary moved to Australia.
I need to stay in Australia until the week after next.
Tom has relatives in Australia.
I wanted to visit Australia last year, but I couldn't.
Tom has left Australia already.
I hope to be back in Australia by the end of the month.
Tom has been to Australia once.
I may be able to stay in Australia for three more days.
Tom has already left Australia.
I need to stay in Australia until the month after next.
Tom has a brother in Australia.
I never wanted to leave Australia, but I had no choice.
Tom had to return to Australia.
I really should've stayed in Australia a little longer.
Tom got to Australia yesterday.
I want to know how many times you've been to Australia.
Tom chose to live in Australia.
I want to know how much time you've spent in Australia.
Tom asked if I liked Australia.
I want to stay in Australia until the end of the month.
Tom and Mary work in Australia.
I hope to stay in Australia for a few weeks next spring.
Tom has a sister in Australia.
I should've stayed in Australia for another week or two.
Tom has a friend in Australia.
I want to rent a house in Australia and stay for a year.
Tom grew up here in Australia.
I have a couple of friends who used to live in Australia.
Tom eventually left Australia.
I need to stay in Australia until the day after tomorrow.
Tom enjoys being in Australia.
I want you to stay in Australia at least until Christmas.
Tom doesn't live in Australia.
I was going to go to Australia, but I've changed my mind.
Tom died in in Australia.
I hope to see you again the next time you're in Australia.
Tom could be in Australia now.
I left Australia three years ago and I've never been back.
Tom came to Australia with me.
I might not be able to go to Australia with you next week.
Tom came to Australia in 2013.
I should've waited until October to come back to Australia.
Tom and Mary met in Australia.
I still have to go to Australia three more times this year.
Tom has to stay in Australia.
I wanted to go to Australia, but my father wouldn't let me.
Tom has to come to Australia.
I lived in a three-room apartment when I lived in Australia.
Tom has friends in Australia.
I never imagined I'd be able to give a concert in Australia.
Tom has arrived in Australia.
I took a lot of pictures last month when I was in Australia.
Tom has a house in Australia.
I now live in Australia, but I'm originally from New Zealand.
Tom had to stay in Australia.
I have a feeling I'm going to really like living in Australia.
Tom got married in Australia.
I intend to come back to Australia before the end of the year.
Tom got injured in Australia.
I want to go to Australia at least one more time before I die.
Tom found a job in Australia.
I haven't taught French since I left Australia three years ago.
Tom didn't stay in Australia.
I haven't been back to Australia since I graduated from college.
Tom didn't mention Australia.
I want to stay in Australia until at least the Monday after next.
Tom comes to Australia a lot.
I lived in Australia for three years before I came to New Zealand.
Tom chose to go to Australia.
I lived in Australia for three years before coming to New Zealand.
Tom came here from Australia.
I learned how to cook Chinese food while I was living in Australia.
Tom called me from Australia.
I was going to go to Australia next week, but I've changed my mind.
Tom goes to Australia a lot.
I haven't been back to Australia since I graduated from high school.
Tom has to go to Australia.
I lived in Australia a few years ago, but now I live in New Zealand.
Tom has left for Australia.
I lived in Australia for three years while I was in graduate school.
Tom had to go to Australia.
I needed to stay in Australia longer than I thought I would need to.
Tom doesn't like Australia.
I have to be in Australia next Monday to attend an important meeting.
Tom didn't go to Australia.
I just moved from Australia and I'm still sleeping on my uncle's couch.
Tom came to Australia, too.
I still live in Australia, but my family has already moved to New Zealand.
Tom came back to Australia.
I want to know how much it's going to cost me to go to Australia with you.
Tom has come to Australia.
I want to know if you're planning on going to Australia with us next month.
Tom ended up in Australia.
I was going to go to Australia last month, but something came up and I couldn't go.
Tom didn't like Australia.
I usually go to Australia for my summer vacation, but last year I went to New Zealand.
Tom could be in Australia.
I now live in Australia, but I plan to move back to New Zealand before the end of the year.
Tom called from Australia.
I usually go to Australia for my summer vacation, but this year I'm planning to go to New Zealand.
Tom has left Australia.
We want to litigate.
She needs me but she doesn't know yet.
"Ye still can see a Xanthus and a Troy, / reared by your hands, old Ilion to restore, / and brighter auspices than ours enjoy, / nor tempt, like ours, the Greeks to ravage and destroy."
Does loyalty even exist anymore?
Loyalty doesn't exist anymore.
"If ever Tiber and the fields I see / washed by her waves, ere mingling with the brine, / and build the city which the Fates decree, / then kindred towns and neighbouring folk shall join, / yours in Epirus, in Hesperia mine, / and linked thenceforth in sorrow and in joy, / with Dardanus the founder of each line, / so let posterity its pains employ, / two nations, one in heart, shall make another Troy."
Tom needs our help, but he doesn't know it yet.
Tom will be at the party, but Mary doesn't know it yet.
Tom will have to do that tomorrow, but he doesn't know it yet.
Has anyone told Tom that he'll have to do that tomorrow?
Has anybody told Tom that he'll have to do that tomorrow?
Has anyone told Tom he'll have to do that tomorrow?
Has anybody told Tom he'll have to do that tomorrow?
Tom said that he thought that would never happen.
Tom said that he thought that would likely not happen.
Tom said that he thought that would likely never happen.
Tom said that he thought that would happen tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that would happen soon.
Tom said that he thought there was no need to hurry.
Tom said that he thought that there was no need to hurry.
Tom said that he thought something was wrong.
Tom said that he thought that something was wrong.
Tom said that he thought that you'd win.
Tom said that he thought that you knew Mary.
Tom said that he thought that we shouldn't go to Mary's party.
Tom said that he thought that we should try to get there early.
Tom said that he thought that we might have a problem.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that it would snow.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that it would rain.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that it would rain.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance Mary would be late.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance Mary would be late.
Tom said that he thought that the pilot was drunk.
Tom said that he thought the economy was in bad shape.
Tom said that he thought that the economy was in bad shape.
Tom said that he thought that my plan wouldn't work.
Tom said that he thought that my offer was reasonable.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would wait.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would enjoy the movie.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be back soon.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't very busy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't in Boston.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't at school.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was with John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was unhappy in Boston.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was telling the truth.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was over thirty.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was on vacation.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was mad.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was lying.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in Boston.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed help.
Tom said that he thought that it was an accident.
Tom said that he thought that it might happen in Boston, too.
Tom said that he thought it could happen in Boston, too.
Tom said that he thought that it could happen in Boston, too.
Tom said that he thought that I'm charming.
Tom said that he thought that I'd regret doing that.
Tom said that he thought that I was witty.
Tom said that he thought that I was wearing a wig.
Tom said that he thought that I was lying.
Tom said that he thought that I was lazy.
Tom said that he thought I was insincere.
Tom said that he thought that I was insincere.
Tom said that he thought that I was funny.
Tom said that he thought that I was dead.
Tom said that he thought that I was creative.
Tom said that he thought that I was charismatic.
Tom said that he thought that I was being stubborn.
Tom said that he thought that I should study harder.
Tom said that he thought that I should study French.
Tom said that he thought that I should do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I seemed unfriendly.
Tom said that he thought I seemed unconcerned.
Tom said that he thought that I seemed unconcerned.
Tom said that he thought that I seemed impressed.
Tom said that he thought that I seemed confused.
Tom said that he thought that I might win.
Tom said that he thought that I looked sad.
Tom said that he thought that I looked like I was bored.
Tom said that he thought that I looked fit.
Tom said that he thought I didn't look like I was enjoying myself.
Tom said that he thought that I didn't look like I was enjoying myself.
Tom said that he thought that he'd forgotten something.
Tom said that he thought that he needed to help Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what the problem was.
Tom said that he thought he had forgotten something.
Tom said that he thought that he had forgotten something.
Tom said that he thought that he could pass the test.
Tom said that he thought that he could lend Mary some money.
Tom said that he thought that he could get away with that.
Tom said that he thinks that you're stupid.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can swim.
Tom said that he thinks that he can win.
Tom said that he suspected Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he suspected Mary would do that.
Tom said that he suspected that Mary was very eager to do that.
Tom said that he left his keys at home.
Tom said that he never felt in any danger.
Tom said that he paid income taxes.
Tom said that he saw Mary three hours ago.
Tom said that he saw the invisible man today.
Tom said that he spent all day looking for Mary.
Tom said that he spent all day trying to find Mary.
Tom said he suspected Mary would do that.
Tom said he suspected Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said he suspected that Mary was very eager to do that.
Tom said he thinks that he can win.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can swim.
Tom said he thinks that you're stupid.
Tom said he thought that he could get away with that.
Tom said he thought that he could lend Mary some money.
Tom said he thought that he could pass the test.
Tom said he thought that he had forgotten something.
Tom said he thought that he knew what the problem was.
Tom said he thought that he needed to help Mary.
Tom said he thought that he'd forgotten something.
Tom said he thought that I didn't look like I was enjoying myself.
Tom said he thought that I looked fit.
Tom said he thought that I looked like I was bored.
Tom said he thought that I looked sad.
Tom said he thought that I might win.
Tom said he thought that I seemed confused.
Tom said he thought that I seemed impressed.
Tom said he thought that I seemed unconcerned.
Tom said he thought that I seemed unfriendly.
Tom said he thought that I should do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I should study French.
Tom said he thought that I should study harder.
Tom said he thought that I was being stubborn.
Tom said he thought that I was charismatic.
Tom said he thought that I was creative.
Tom said he thought that I was dead.
Tom said he thought that I was funny.
Tom said he thought that I was insincere.
Tom said he thought that I was lazy.
Tom said he thought that I was lying.
Tom said he thought that I was wearing a wig.
Tom said he thought that I was witty.
Tom said he thought that I'd regret doing that.
Tom said he thought that I'm charming.
Tom said he thought that it could happen in Boston, too.
Tom said he thought that it might happen in Boston, too.
Tom said he thought that it was an accident.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed help.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in Boston.
Tom said he thought that Mary was lying.
Tom said he thought that Mary was mad.
Tom said he thought that Mary was on vacation.
Tom said he thought that Mary was over thirty.
Tom said he thought that Mary was telling the truth.
Tom said he thought that Mary was unhappy in Boston.
Tom said he thought that Mary was with John.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't at school.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't in Boston.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't very busy.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be back soon.
Tom said he thought that Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would enjoy the movie.
Tom said he thought that Mary would wait.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he thought that my offer was reasonable.
Tom said he thought that my plan wouldn't work.
Tom said he thought that the economy was in bad shape.
Tom said he thought that the pilot was drunk.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance Mary would be late.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that it would rain.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that it would snow.
Tom said he thought that we might have a problem.
Tom said he thought that we should try to get there early.
Tom said he thought that we shouldn't go to Mary's party.
Tom said he thought that you knew Mary.
Tom said he thought that you'd win.
Tom said that he didn't have many opportunities to do that.
Tom said he was a Canadian.
Tom said he was glad that he could do that.
Tom said he was glad that he got there early.
Tom said he was glad that he was able to do that.
Tom said he was glad that he'd been asked to do that.
Tom said he was glad that he'd done that.
Tom said he was glad that Mary could do that.
Tom said he was glad that Mary got there early.
Tom said he was glad that Mary had done that.
Tom said he was glad that Mary was able to do that.
Tom said he was glad that you could do that.
Tom said he was glad that you didn't do that.
Tom said he was glad that you were able to do that when you were in Boston.
Tom said he was glad that you were able to do that yesterday.
Tom said he was glad that you were able to do that.
Tom said he was glad that you were able to go yesterday.
Tom said he was glad that you weren't hurt.
Tom said he was glad that you weren't injured.
Tom said he was glad that you'd done that.
Tom said that he knew that you wouldn't win.
Tom said that he knew that you couldn't win.
Tom said that he knew that you could win.
Tom said that he knew the reason why Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said that he knew the reason why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he knew the reason why Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he knew the reason why Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he knew the reason why Mary did that.
Tom said that he knew the reason why Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew it was Mary who won.
Tom said that he knew that it was Tom who did that.
Tom said that he knew where the body was buried.
Tom said that he knew that was where the body was buried.
Tom said that he knew that was where Mary was going.
Tom said that he knew that was what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said that he knew that was what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said that he knew that was what Mary was going to do.
Tom said that he knew that was what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he knew that was what Mary thought she should do.
Tom said that he knew that was what Mary should do.
Tom said that he knew that was what Mary ought to do.
Tom said that he knew this would happen.
Tom said that he knew that this would happen.
Tom said that he knew something was wrong.
Tom said that he knew that something was wrong.
Tom said that he knew that something bad was going to happen.
Tom said that he knew that Mary was happy.
Tom said that he knew that I was coming.
Tom said that he knew that he might have to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he could win.
Tom said that he isn't sure Mary should do that.
Tom said that he isn't sure that Mary should do that.
Tom said that he isn't sure Mary needs to do that.
Tom said that he isn't sure that Mary needs to do that.
Tom said that he isn't sure Mary has to do that.
Tom said that he isn't sure that Mary has to do that.
Tom said that he isn't sure Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said that he isn't sure that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said that he isn't sure Mary can swim.
Tom said that he isn't sure that Mary can swim.
Tom said that he isn't sure Mary can do that.
Tom said that he isn't sure that Mary can do that.
Tom said that he hopes'll happen soon.
Tom said that he hopes happens before he retires.
Tom said that he knew that that was what Mary ought to do.
Tom sai he knew that was what Mary ought to do.
Tom said he knew that it was Tom who did that.
Tom said he knew it was Tom who did that.
Tom said he knew it was Mary who won.
Tom said he knew the reason why Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said he knew the reason why Mary did that.
Tom said he knew the reason why Mary didn't do that.
Tom said he knew the reason why Mary had to do that.
Tom said he knew the reason why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he knew the reason why Mary wasn't able to do that.
Mark stayed in Rome for a long time.
Tom said he knew that one of Mary's brothers was planning to do that.
Tom said that he knew that one of Mary's brothers was planning to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would help him.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be here today.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't be afraid.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would win.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would do that soon.
Tom said that he hoped Mary won the race.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary won the race.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary could win.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to help us.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to do that again.
Tom said that he hoped he won the race.
Tom said that he hoped that he won the race.
Tom said that he hoped that he never had to do that again.
Tom said that he found doing that hard.
Tom said that he had an alibi.
Tom said that he had been asked a lot of questions.
Tom said that he had been ill.
Tom said that he had failed us.
Tom said that he had fully recovered.
Tom said that he had never seen anything like that before.
Tom said that he had no vices.
Tom said that he had not intended to do that.
Tom said that he had nothing to talk about.
Tom said that he had quit doing that.
Tom said that he had seen Mary a couple of months ago.
Tom said he'd been ill.
Tom said that he had something important to do and left.
Tom said that he had to wait in line for over three hours.
Tom said that he hadn't intended to shoot anybody.
Tom said that he hadn't intended to shoot anyone.
Tom said that he has something he wanted to do this afternoon.
Tom said that he has to go.
Tom said that he hated me.
Tom said that he heard a shot.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be here today.
Tom said he hoped Mary would help him.
Tom said he hoped that he never had to do that again.
Tom said he hoped that he never had to go back to Boston.
Tom said he hoped that he won the race.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to do that again.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to help us.
Tom said he hoped that Mary could win.
Tom said he hoped that Mary won the race.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would do that soon.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would win.
Tom said he hoped that Mary wouldn't be afraid.
Tom said he hopes happens before he retires.
Tom said he hopes'll happen soon.
Tom said he I thought that I should do that myself.
Tom said that he I thought that I should do that myself.
Tom said that he isn't a candidate.
Tom said that he isn't allowed to do that.
Tom said that he isn't angry.
Tom said that he isn't busy.
Tom said that he isn't buying it.
Tom said that he isn't even going to try to do that.
Tom said that he isn't even going to try to win.
Tom said that he isn't going anywhere.
Tom said that he isn't going ashore.
Tom said that he isn't going to Mary's party tonight.
Tom said that he isn't going to be here tomorrow.
Tom said that he isn't going to buy anything today.
Tom said that he isn't going to do that.
Tom said that he isn't going to eat until Mary gets home.
Tom said that he isn't going to help us do that.
Tom said that he isn't going to help us.
Tom said that he isn't going to John and Mary's wedding.
Tom said that he isn't going to Mary's concert.
Tom said that he isn't going to Mary's party.
Tom said that he isn't happy.
Tom said that he isn't having any fun.
Tom said that he isn't here to talk about that.
Tom said that he isn't hungry.
Tom said that he isn't in any hurry sell his house.
Tom said that he isn't in any hurry to do that.
Tom said that he isn't in any hurry to leave.
Tom said that he isn't in any hurry.
Tom said that he isn't interested in doing that.
Tom said that he isn't likely to cry.
Tom said that he isn't likely to do that.
Tom said that he isn't likely to win.
Tom said that he isn't mad.
Tom said that he isn't making a lot of money.
Tom said that he isn't making much money.
Tom said that he isn't permitted to do that.
Tom said that he isn't planning on doing that.
Tom said that he isn't planning on going.
Tom said that he isn't planning on staying until the end of the concert.
Tom said that he isn't planning on staying very long.
Tom said that he isn't planning to do that.
Tom said that he isn't planning to go.
Tom said that he isn't planning to stay until the end of the concert.
Tom said that he isn't planning to stay very long.
Tom said that he isn't ready to go.
Tom said that he isn't ready to leave.
Tom said that he isn't sick.
Tom said that he isn't sleepy yet.
Tom said that he isn't sleepy.
Tom said he isn't sure that Mary can do that.
Tom said he isn't sure that Mary can swim.
Tom said he isn't sure that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said he isn't sure that Mary has to do that.
Tom said he isn't sure that Mary needs to do that.
Tom said he isn't sure that Mary should do that.
Tom said that he isn't the least bit hungry.
Tom said that he isn't the least bit tired.
Tom said that he isn't thirsty.
Tom said that he isn't thirty yet.
Tom said that he isn't thirty.
Tom said that he isn't tired.
Tom said that he isn't upset.
Tom said that he isn't used to this kind of cold weather.
Tom said that he isn't used to this kind of food.
Tom said that he isn't used to this kind of hot weather.
Tom said that he isn't used to this kind of weather.
Tom said that he isn't very likely to do that.
Tom said that he isn't very likely to win.
Tom said that he isn't worried about that.
Tom said that he isn't worried.
Tom said that he keeps a gun in his home.
Tom said he knew that both of the victims.
Tom said that he knew that both of the victims.
Tom said he knew that he could win.
Tom said he knew that he might have to do that.
Tom said he knew that how I felt.
Tom said that he knew that how I felt.
Tom said he knew that how Mary felt.
Tom said that he knew that how Mary felt.
Tom said he knew that how to do that.
Tom said that he knew that how to do that.
Tom said he knew that how to win.
Tom said that he knew that how to win.
Tom said he knew that I was coming.
Tom said he knew that Mary was happy.
Tom said he knew that Mary's brother wanted to go to Boston with them.
Tom said that he knew that Mary's brother wanted to go to Boston with them.
Tom said he knew that Mary's children were afraid of him.
Tom said that he knew that Mary's children were afraid of him.
Tom said he knew that one of Mary's brothers was supposed to do that.
Tom said that he knew that one of Mary's brothers was supposed to do that.
Tom said he knew that something bad was going to happen.
Tom said he knew that was what Mary had to do.
Tom said that he knew that was what Mary had to do.
Tom said he knew that was what Mary needed to do.
Tom said that he knew that was what Mary needed to do.
Tom said he knew that was what Mary ought to do.
Tom said he knew that was what Mary should do.
Tom said he knew that was what Mary thought she should do.
Tom said he knew that was what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said he knew that was what Mary was going to do.
Tom said he knew that was what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said he knew that what was Mary was planning to do.
Tom said he knew that was what he was supposed to do.
Tom said that he knew that was what he was supposed to do.
Tom said he knew that Park Street was where Mary lived.
Tom said that he knew that Park Street was where Mary lived.
Tom said he knew that Boston was where Mary was going.
Tom said that he knew that Boston was where Mary was going.
Tom said he knew that Mary was the one who did it.
Tom said that he knew that Mary was the one who did it.
Tom said he knew that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom said he knew that Mary was the one who won.
Tom said that he knew that Mary was the one who won.
Tom said he knew the reason why Mary couldn't win.
Tom said that he knew the reason why Mary couldn't win.
Tom said he knew that you could win.
Tom said he knew that you couldn't win.
Tom said he knew that you wouldn't win.
I was full of energy.
Tom said he knew Mary's brother wanted to go to Boston with them.
I admit that you've been a great help to me.
I admit that this may not be the best way of doing it.
I admit that there are a few problems.
Tom stayed in Boston a long time.
Tom stayed in Boston for a long time.
Tom was in Boston a long time.
Tom was in Boston for a long time.
Tom worked in Boston a long time.
Tom worked in Boston for a long time.
Tom said he knew that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he feared for his safety.
Tom said that he feels great.
Tom said that he feels like crying.
Tom said that he feels strong.
Tom said that he feels tired.
Tom said that he felt a bit tired.
Tom said that he felt a bit woozy.
Tom said that he felt a little dazed.
Tom said that he felt a little dizzy.
Tom said that he felt a little guilty.
Tom said that he felt a little intimidated.
Tom said that he felt a little nervous.
Tom said that he felt a little stupid.
Tom said that he felt a little woozy.
Tom said that he felt alone.
Tom said that he felt amazing.
Tom said that he felt at home.
Tom said that he felt awkward.
Tom said that he felt bad.
Tom said that he felt betrayed.
Tom said that he felt better.
Tom said that he felt cheated.
Tom said that he felt comfortable.
Tom said that he felt compelled to speak.
Tom said that he felt completely helpless.
Tom said that he felt completely powerless.
Tom said that he felt confused.
Tom said that he felt desperate.
Tom said that he felt disappointed.
Tom said that he felt embarrassed.
Tom said that he felt excluded.
Tom said that he felt extraordinarily happy.
Tom said that he felt extremely guilty.
Tom said that he felt fantastic.
Tom said that he felt foolish.
Tom said that he felt frustrated.
Tom said that he felt good about his win.
Tom said that he felt guilty.
Tom said that he felt hated.
Tom said that he felt he owed Mary an explanation.
Tom said that he felt humiliated.
Tom said that he felt hurt.
Tom said that he felt intimidated.
Tom said that he felt invincible.
Tom said that he felt left out.
Tom said that he felt lightheaded.
Tom said that he felt like an outcast.
Tom said that he felt like dancing.
Tom said that he felt like eating steak.
Tom said that he felt like getting drunk.
Tom said that he felt like going swimming.
Tom said that he felt lonely.
Tom said that he felt lucky.
Tom said that he felt manipulated.
Tom said that he felt much happier now.
Tom said that he felt neglected.
Tom said that he felt nervous.
Tom said that he felt no pressure to win.
Tom said that he felt no pressure.
Tom said that he felt nothing.
Tom said that he felt obligated to help.
Tom said that he felt overwhelmed.
Tom said that he felt persecuted.
Tom said that he felt powerless.
Tom said that he felt quite threatened.
Tom said that he felt reassured.
Tom said that he felt rejected.
Tom said that he felt relieved.
Tom said that he felt repulsed.
Tom said that he felt responsible.
Tom said that he felt safe.
Tom said that he felt sick.
Tom said that he felt snubbed.
Tom said that he felt something was wrong.
Tom said that he felt terrible.
Tom said that he felt terrific.
Tom said that he felt threatened.
Tom said that he felt trapped.
Tom said that he felt uncomfortable.
Tom said that he felt uneasy.
Tom said that he felt utterly humiliated.
Tom said that he felt very confident.
Tom said that he felt very guilty.
Tom said that he felt very happy.
Tom said that he felt very humiliated.
Tom said that he felt very lonely.
Tom said that he felt very nervous.
Tom said that he felt very sleepy.
Tom said that he felt very tired.
Tom said that he felt vulnerable.
Tom said that he felt weak.
Tom said that he felt wonderful.
Tom said that he felt woozy.
Tom said that he felt wronged.
Tom said that he enjoyed the view.
Tom said that he doesn't want to be on TV.
Tom said he doubted Mary would do that.
Tom said that he doubted Mary would do that.
Tom said he doubted Mary would win.
Tom said that he doubted Mary would win.
Tom said that he doesn't think's going to happen.
Tom said that he doesn't think that's going to happen.
Tom said that he doesn't think that you can do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he would be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he would be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he can win.
Tom said that he didn't want anything to change.
Tom said that he didn't want to speak in French.
Tom said that he didn't want to worry me.
Tom said that he doesn't know exactly what time he's going to get here.
Tom said that he doesn't know.
Tom said that he doesn't need a chauffeur.
Tom said he doesn't think that he can win.
Tom said he doesn't think that he would be able to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that you can do that.
Tom said he doesn't think's going to happen.
Tom said that he didn't think actually happened.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd be able to do that without any help.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd ever be able to convince Mary to go out with him.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that I'd do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that it was worth the risk.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could speak French.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had ever been to Boston.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary was really a Canadian.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would like his friends.
Tom said that he didn't think my plan would work.
Tom said that he didn't think that my plan would work.
Tom said that he didn't think really happened.
Tom said that he didn't think there was any need to hurry.
Tom said that he didn't think that there was any need to hurry.
Tom said that he didn't think we should call the police.
Tom said that he didn't think that we should call the police.
Tom said that he didn't think would happen today.
Tom said that he didn't think would happen.
Tom said that he didn't think's what we should be doing.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary wanted.
Tom said that he didn't like Mary's dress.
Tom said that he didn't plan on going back to Australia.
Tom said he didn't really expect Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't really expect Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't really expect that to happen.
Tom said that he didn't really expect that to happen.
Tom said that he didn't see anybody else.
Tom said that he didn't see anyone else.
Tom said that he didn't sleep at all last night.
Tom said he didn't think actually happened.
Tom said he didn't think really happened.
Tom said he didn't think that he could do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd be able to do that without any help.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd ever be able to convince Mary to go out with him.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd ever be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that I'd do that.
Tom said he didn't think that it was worth the risk.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could speak French.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had ever been to Boston.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary was really a Canadian.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would like his friends.
Tom said he didn't think that we should call the police.
Tom said he didn't think would happen today.
Tom said he didn't think would happen.
Tom said he didn't think's what we should be doing.
Tom said that he didn't feel anything.
Tom said that he didn't feel pain right away.
Tom said that he didn't have anything else to say.
Tom said that he didn't have the permission to do that.
Tom said that he didn't hear any screaming.
Tom said that he didn't hear anybody scream.
Tom said that he didn't hear anyone scream.
Tom said that he didn't know any better.
Tom said he didn't know anyone here.
Tom said that he didn't know anyone here.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that you did that.
Tom said that he believes Mary.
Tom said that he could do nothing.
Tom said that he couldn't recall.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary could do that.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary did that.
Tom said he didn't believe that you did that.
Tom said he didn't believe that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that.
Tom said he didn't believe what Mary said.
Tom said that he didn't believe what Mary said.
Tom said that he assumed that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that a neighbor called the police.
Tom said that a raccoon bit his foot.
Tom said that a woman answered the phone.
Tom said that almost the same thing as Mary did.
Tom said that Boston is a nice place to live.
Tom said that Boston is a nice place to visit.
Tom said that Boston is a nice place.
Tom said that Boston was colder than he expected.
Tom said that Boston was cooler than he expected.
Tom said that Boston was hotter than he expected.
Tom said that Boston was warmer than he expected.
Tom said that doing that cost more money than he expected.
Tom said that doing that has made him very happy.
Tom said that doing that isn't an option.
Tom said that doing that may be a good idea.
Tom said that doing that may cause problems.
Tom said that doing that might be a good idea.
Tom said that doing that might cause problems.
Tom said that doing that shouldn't be a problem.
Tom said that doing that shouldn't take too much time.
Tom said that doing that took more time than he expected.
Tom said that doing that was a lot of fun.
Tom said that doing that was easier than he expected.
Tom said that doing that was easier than he thought it would be.
Tom said that doing that was frustrating.
Tom said that doing that was harder than he expected.
Tom said that doing that was harder than he thought it would be.
Tom said that doing that was more difficult than he expected.
Tom said that doing that was more difficult than he thought it would be.
Tom said that doing that was more easier than he expected.
Tom said that doing that was never an option.
Tom said that doing that was the right thing to do.
Tom said that doing that wasn't enough.
Tom said that doing that wasn't much fun.
Tom said that doing that would be a good idea.
Tom said that doing that would be a good thing.
Tom said that doing that would be a lot of fun.
Tom said that doing that would be dangerous.
Tom said that doing that would be fun.
Tom said that doing that would be OK.
Tom said that doing that would be safe.
Tom said that doing that would be too risky.
Tom said that doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Tom said that doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom said that doing that wouldn't be enough.
Tom said that doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Tom said that doing that wouldn't be safe.
Tom said that donors may remain anonymous.
Tom said that essentially the same thing that Mary did.
Tom said that essentially the same thing.
Tom said that everybody he knows can do that.
Tom said that everybody he knows can swim.
Tom said that everybody he knows does that.
Tom said that everybody he knows enjoys doing that.
Tom said that everybody he knows has a passport.
Tom said that everybody he knows has been to Boston.
Tom said that everybody he knows has done that.
Tom said that everybody he usually hangs out with speaks French.
Tom said that everybody in his office speaks French.
Tom said that everybody would have to leave.
Tom said that everyone had a gun.
Tom said that everyone he knows can do that.
Tom said that everyone he knows can swim.
Tom said that everyone he knows can take care of themselves.
Tom said that everyone he knows does that.
Tom said that everyone he knows enjoys doing that.
Tom said that everyone he knows has a passport.
Tom said that everyone he knows has been to Boston.
Tom said that everyone he knows has done that.
Tom said that everyone he usually hangs out with speaks French.
Tom said that everyone in his office speaks French.
Tom said that everyone would have to leave.
Tom said everything that he wanted to say.
Tom said that everything that needed to be said.
Tom said that everything was OK.
Tom said that good night to Mary and left.
Tom said that good night to me and then left.
Tom said that goodbye and then walked out the front door.
Tom said that goodbye and went home.
Tom said that he agrees it's a problem.
Tom said that he always carried a gun.
Tom said he assumed that Mary wouldn't do that.
I must admit that I wasn't expecting this.
I must admit that I like Tom.
I admit that I've never done that.
I admit that I've done it.
I admit that I've despised Tom since the first time I met him.
I admit that I've been doing that for a long time.
I admit that I'm wrong.
I admit that I wasn't sure.
I admit that I wasn't happy.
I admit that I was surprised.
I admit that I was overwhelmed.
I admit that I sometimes cry.
I admit that I often do that.
I admit that I left early.
I admit that I don't like Tom very much.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom wanted me to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom told me I was supposed to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom told me I needed to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom told me I had to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom said I had to do.
I admit that I didn't do what Tom asked me to do.
I admit that I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I admit that I didn't do what I said I'd do.
I admit that I didn't do what I promised to do.
I admit that I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
I admit that I didn't do that.
I admit that I did what Tom told me not to do.
I admit that I did what Tom said I shouldn't do.
I admit that I did what Tom asked me not to do.
I admit that I did what I'd promised not to do.
I admit that I did what I wasn't supposed to do.
I admit that I did what I said I wouldn't do.
I admit that I did what I promised not to do.
I admit that I did that.
I admitted that I'd lied.
I admitted that I'd been doing that for a long time.
I admitted that I wasn't the one who actually did that.
I admitted that I wasn't actually the one who did that.
I admitted that I didn't want to do that.
I admitted that I didn't want to do that anymore.
I admitted that I didn't like Tom very much.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom wanted me to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom told me I was supposed to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom told me I needed to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom told me I had to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom said I had to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom had asked me to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what Tom asked me to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what I said I'd do.
I admitted that I didn't do what I promised to do.
I admitted that I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
I admitted that I did what Tom told me not to do.
I admitted that I did what Tom said I shouldn't do.
I admitted that I did what Tom asked me not to do.
I admitted that I did what I'd promised not to do.
I admitted that I did what I wasn't supposed to do.
I admitted that I did what I said I wouldn't do.
I admitted that I did what I promised not to do.
I admitted that I did it.
I admitted that I couldn't speak French.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary can win.
It took Tom every ounce of courage he had to admit he'd done that.
It took Tom every ounce of courage he had to admit that he'd done that.
I'm willing to admit that I was wrong.
I didn't expect Tom to admit he'd done that.
I didn't expect Tom to admit that he'd done that.
I didn't expect Tom to admit he was the one who'd done that.
I didn't expect Tom to admit that he was the one who'd done that.
I wasn't willing to admit that I'd made a mistake.
I want you to admit that you were wrong.
I have to admit that it's very tempting.
Are you ready to admit that you're wrong?
Let's just admit that we're wrong.
I admit I'm not the tidiest person in the world.
I admit that I'm not the tidiest person in the world.
Tom refused to admit he'd done that.
Tom refused to admit that he'd done that.
Tom didn't want to admit he'd made a mistake.
Tom didn't want to admit that he'd made a mistake.
Tom didn't have the courage to admit he'd made a mistake.
Tom didn't have the courage to admit that he'd made a mistake.
I didn't want to admit that I couldn't do that.
I don't want to admit that I didn't know how to do that.
I didn't want to admit that I didn't know what to do.
I have to admit that I enjoyed it.
I have to admit that I was starting to feel a little sorry for myself.
I have to admit that I was worried about it.
I didn't want to admit that I wasn't able to do that.
I have to admit that I'm a little anxious.
I have to admit that I'm a little hesitant about asking Tom for help.
I have to admit that I'm curious.
I have to admit that I'm interested.
I have to admit that I'm intrigued.
I'll admit that I'm worried.
I'll admit that I'm wrong.
I wish they'd be honest and admit that they don't know what's going to happen.
I must admit that they have a point.
It's difficult to help people who can't admit that they need help.
Tom admitted he broke the window.
Tom admitted he stole the money.
Tom and I've decided not to go to Australia for Christmas this year.
I had fun in Australia.
Tom and Mary both need to stay in Australia for another three days.
I go to Australia a lot.
Tom asked Mary to lend him some money so he could go to Australia.
I got lost in Australia.
Tom always wanted to go to Australia, but he never had the chance.
I had to go to Australia.
Tom didn't ask Mary who she was planning to go to Australia with.
I had to leave Australia.
Tom didn't have a chance to visit Mary when he was in Australia.
I don't work in Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she needed to stay in Australia until Monday.
I enjoy being in Australia.
The situation Tom described actually happened once in Australia.
I enjoy going to Australia.
There's nothing you can do to stop Tom from going to Australia.
I enjoy visiting Australia.
Tom and I studied French at the same university in Australia.
I got injured in Australia.
Tom and I became friends when we both lived in Australia.
I got married in Australia.
Tom and I are planning to move to Australia next spring.
I had to stay in Australia.
Tom and I are planning on going to Australia next fall.
I enjoy coming to Australia.
Tom and I have decided to go to Australia next summer.
I enjoy living in Australia.
Tom and I are planning on visiting Australia together.
I eventually left Australia.
Tom and I are planning on going to Australia together.
I got arrested in Australia.
This is the first time Tom has ever been in Australia.
I grew up here in Australia.
Tom and I are going to Australia to attend a wedding.
I enjoyed being in Australia.
Tom and I went to the same high school in Australia.
I enjoyed visiting Australia.
Tom and I are planning to go to Australia next fall.
I go to Australia every year.
Tom and I got married in Australia three years ago.
I got to Australia yesterday.
Tom and I are planning to visit Australia together.
I enjoyed living in Australia.
Tom and I are planning to go to Australia together.
I enjoyed myself in Australia.
Tom and I want to do that when we visit Australia.
I flew to Australia last week.
Tom and I are going to Australia for a conference.
I go to Australia quite often.
Tom advised Mary not to go to Australia with John.
I had no friends in Australia.
Tom and his family have just moved to Australia.
I had to get out of Australia.
Tom and I flew to Australia last month together.
I had to go back to Australia.
Tom and I arrived in Australia at the same time.
I hardly ever go to Australia.
Tom and I are going to go to Australia together.
I enjoyed my stay in Australia.
Tom abandoned his family and moved to Australia.
I enjoyed my time in Australia.
Tom and his parents are in Australia this week.
I enjoyed staying in Australia.
Tom and I are getting ready to go to Australia.
I feel like visiting Australia.
Tom always does that when he goes to Australia.
I flew to Australia last month.
This is where Tom stays when he's in Australia.
I go to Australia all the time.
Tom and I got to know each other in Australia.
I go to Australia once a month.
Tom and I got married in Australia in October.
I had a good time in Australia.
Tom and I don't know anything about Australia.
I had a nice time in Australia.
Tom and I decided to go to Australia together.
I had an accident in Australia.
Tom and I'll be in Australia for three weeks.
I don't want to leave Australia.
Tom and I'll be flying to Australia tomorrow.
I don't want to visit Australia.
Tom and I wanted to go to Australia together.
I found a good job in Australia.
Tom and I used to work together in Australia.
I had a great time in Australia.
Tom and I are going to Australia on business.
I had a lot of fun in Australia.
Tom almost did that when he was in Australia.
I expect to be in Australia soon.
Tom and I'll be going to Australia tomorrow.
I grew up on a farm in Australia.
Tom and I are planning to move to Australia.
I don't want to move to Australia.
Tom and I are no longer living in Australia.
I don't want to stay in Australia.
Tom always does that when he's in Australia.
I don't want to work in Australia.
Tom and his teenage son moved to Australia.
I got back to Australia last week.
Tom and I were living in Australia in 2013.
I got back to Australia on Monday.
Tom and I met three years ago in Australia.
I got back to Australia yesterday.
Tom and I met in Australia three years ago.
I had to be in Australia all week.
Tom and I are going to Australia next week.
I don't want to study in Australia.
Tom and I are flying to Australia tomorrow.
I dreamed I was in Australia again.
Tom always goes to Australia for Christmas.
I eventually wound up in Australia.
Tom actually stayed in Australia all month.
I flew in from Australia yesterday.
Tom and I don't live in Australia anymore.
I get to go to Australia next week.
Tom and I are going to Australia tomorrow.
I got to Australia three weeks ago.
Tom and I are going to Australia to study.
I got to go to Australia last week.
Tom almost went to Australia last summer.
I had to go to Australia by myself.
Tom almost died when he was in Australia.
I had to go to Australia last week.
Both of Tom's ex-wives live in Australia.
I don't want to return to Australia.
Tom almost went to Australia last month.
I don't want you to go to Australia.
Tom agreed to go to Australia with Mary.
I got back from Australia yesterday.
The only one I know in Australia is Tom.
I had a wonderful time in Australia.
Both of Tom's sisters live in Australia.
I don't want to go back to Australia.
Tom and his parents moved to Australia.
I feel like going to Australia again.
Tom and I've always lived in Australia.
I go to Australia every chance I get.
Tom and I'll go to Australia with Mary.
I go to Australia three times a year.
Tom and I worked together in Australia.
I got back from Australia last night.
Tom and I were talking about Australia.
I had a great time here in Australia.
Tom and I were in Australia last month.
I had to get out of Australia quickly.
Tom and I were in Australia in October.
I don't want to move back to Australia.
Tom and I had a nice time in Australia.
I go back home to Australia every year.
This is Tom's third visit to Australia.
I guess you've been to Australia before.
Both of Tom's uncles live in Australia.
I had a really lovely time in Australia.
Tom and I'll go to Australia together.
I don't want to go to Australia with you.
Tom and I were in Australia last week.
I don't want you to go back to Australia.
This is Tom's first time in Australia.
I finally visited Australia last October.
Tom and his family live in Australia.
I had a terrible experience in Australia.
Tom and I weren't happy in Australia.
I had to come to Australia for a meeting.
Tom and I went to Australia together.
I don't want to live in Australia anymore.
Tom and I flew to Australia together.
I got back from Australia just last night.
Tom and I came to Australia together.
I had a good time when I was in Australia.
Tom and his wife are from Australia.
I had a lot of fun in Australia last week.
Tom and I used to live in Australia.
I had my reasons for staying in Australia.
Tom and his wife live in Australia.
I don't want you to come back to Australia.
Tom and I got married in Australia.
I happened to be in Australia at that time.
Tom also owns a house in Australia.
I had a lot of fun while I was in Australia.
Tom almost never goes to Australia.
I had intended to visit Australia last year.
Tom and I still live in Australia.
I don't want to stay in Australia any longer.
Tom also has a house in Australia.
I expect to stay in Australia a month or two.
Tom accompanied Mary to Australia.
I go to Australia three or four times a year.
Tom and I first met in Australia.
I had a wonderful time when I was in Australia.
Tom and I are still in Australia.
I had to go to Australia on business last week.
Tom always talks about Australia.
I hadn't intended to stay in Australia so long.
Tom also has family in Australia.
I ended up staying in Australia for three years.
Tom and I often go to Australia.
I had a similar problem when I was in Australia.
Tom and I are in Australia now.
I don't want to spend any more time in Australia.
Tom agreed to go to Australia.
I gained a lot of weight when I was in Australia.
Tom and I'll visit Australia.
I had a chance to do that when I was in Australia.
Tom and I'll go to Australia.
I had a similar problem when I lived in Australia.
Tom and I went to Australia.
I had many friends when I was living in Australia.
Tom also lives in Australia.
I don't want to live in Australia for more than a year.
Tom also lived in Australia.
I expected to make new friends when I moved to Australia.
Tom and I met in Australia.
I guess things like this happen all the time in Australia.
Tom and I are in Australia.
I don't want to live in Australia for more than three years.
Tom also went to Australia.
I don't want to talk about what happened in Australia last week.
I thought you'd recognize Tom.
I thought that you'd recognize Tom.
I thought you'd recognized Tom.
I thought that you'd recognized Tom.
I thought you had recognized Tom.
Sami's desk is here.
Sami decided to go shopping.
Sami responded to some e-mails.
Sami left home around six a.m.
Sami was checking that e-mail.
Sami is constantly working.
Sami started reading the letter.
Sami also got the exact same e-mail.
Sami has a rare medical condition.
Sami drank pee.
Sami told me about his medical condition.
Sami drank urine.
Sami is doing another video.
Sami was filming another video.
Sami is going to love all of those people.
Sami watches YouTube videos all the time.
Sami liked being with them.
Sami was in Egypt, visiting family.
Sami got a notice from his bank.
Sami's account was shut off because of fraud.
Sami can just reply with yes or no.
Sami came in from walking his dogs.
Sami's card has been turned off due to fraud.
Sami called the number back.
Sami gave them information.
Sami called the customer service line.
Sami mumbled something.
Sami didn't really say anything.
Sami told Layla again.
Sami typed something.
Sami find this really weird.
Sami didn't hear Layla clearly.
Sami can hear you fine.
Sami was really frustrated.
Sami's credit card is usable.
Sami has nothing to do with any of this.
Sami heard Layla typing.
Sami has nothing to do with this.
Sami was trying to verify Layal's identity.
Sami and Layla have a joint account.
Sami has a joint account with his wife.
Layla had a joint account with her husband.
Sami spent dollars that day.
Sami ordered a new camera.
Sami thought it was really strange.
Sami and I had pizza.
Sami read that to me one more time.
Sami asked Layla to read that to him one more time.
Sami finds this weird.
Sami asked the clerk if he could speak to someone else.
Sami ignored me.
Sami has never said it.
Sami took care of this.
Sami is traveling for work.
Sami is not going to be home.
Sami isn't gonna be home.
Sami isn't going to be home.
Sami's card has been deactivated.
Sami's card has been turned off and his bank is sending him a new one.
Sami's credit card has been turned off.
Sami's credit card has been turned off because there is fraud on it.
Sami's credit card was turned off because there was fraud on his account.
Sami used to work in customer service.
Sami was baffled.
Sami called the fraud department.
Sami was totally silent.
Sami was just sitting there, completely silent.
Sami hung up on me.
Sami just sat there for about twenty second.
Sami called back his bank.
Sami was talking to a crazy person.
Sami called his bank.
Sami's credit card was turned off.
Sami just sat there in silence for a moment.
Sami's debit card hasn't been turned off.
Sami was making a call.
Sami is sure there is a rational explanation for this.
Sami was on his bank's website.
Sami didn't know who he was talking to.
Sami gave Layla his bank number.
Sami recorded the call.
Sami just sat there in silence.
Sami has to hear what has happened to Layla.
Sami was so incredibly curious.
Sami's speech wasn't slurred.
Sami just doesn't understand what happened.
Sami has been talking on his cellphone for about twenty minutes.
Sami is currently wearing a wig.
Sami has a guinea pig.
Sami tried his best.
Sami is going to try his best.
Sami is gonna try his best.
Sami told Layla about that.
Sami talked about some strange things happening in that house.
Sami's stalker is back.
Sami didn't want to talk about that.
Sami feels safer now.
Sami feels safer.
Sami wanted to talk about this.
Sami is doing great.
Sami is gonna talk about it.
Sami is going to talk about it.
Sami didn't want to talk about that for a while.
Sami has decided to come back.
Sami kept talking about that.
Sami is being followed.
Sami explained why and how.
Sami was taking his dogs out for a walk.
Sami doesn't usually does this.
Sami has six dogs that are currently living in his house.
Sami took his dog out for a twenty-minute walk.
Sami controlled the situation.
Sami wasn't very aware of his surroundings.
Sami turned around the street.
Sami wore a black leather jacket.
Sami was recording me.
Sami is talking slowly.
Sami wanted to tell Layla everything.
Sami stopped walking.
Sami was walking behind me.
Sami was doing something on his phone.
Sami didn't even know what to say.
Sami did this for another second.
Sami never made eye contact with me.
Sami was looking at Layal's dog.
Sami's dogs are badly behaved.
Sami has developed a weird phobia of cars.
Sami felt so helpless.
Sami held Layla.
Sami never walks his dogs at the same time.
Sami was explaining this.
Layla told her husband about it.
Sami never asks Layla to walk his dogs.
Sami lived in a very safe area.
Sami lives in a quiet area of Cairo.
Sami lives in the outskirts of Cairo.
Sami's neighbors are relatively nice.
Sami lives in a bad part of Cairo.
Sami lives in a good neighborhood.
Sami lived in a bad neighborhood.
Sami is walking down the street.
Sami was skateboarding down the steet.
Sami had a big trick-or-treat bucket.
Sami had never seen anything like that before.
Sami was followed by a car.
Sami was walking down a dead-end street.
Sami walked back to the main street.
Sami's house is on the main street.
Sami's apartment building street is on the main street.
Sami can't see Layla's face.
Sami doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Sami heard a car start up.
Sami was coming down the street.
Sami was in the middle of the driveway.
Sami kept moving.
Sami pulled into the driveway.
Sami switched gears.
Sami was following us on the street.
Sami tried to explain this.
Sami is having an anxiety attack.
Sami couldn't speed up.
Sami was trying to hid behind Layla.
Sami was driving backwards.
Sami was driving backwards down the street.
Sami smiled at me.
Sami started jogging.
Sami is driving backwards.
Sami was driving normally.
Sami took all of the shortcuts.
Sami locked his door.
Sami doesn't live in that neighborhood.
Sami tweeted about it.
Sami tweeted about that.
Sami tweeted about this.
Sami said this earlier.
Sami was making excuses.
Sami saw a white van.
Sami saw a white minivan.
Sami was out, waking his dog.
Sami pulled into Layla's driveway.
Sami wasn't freaked out.
Sami was driving backwards, following Layla's car.
Sami kept his calm.
Sami started running.
Sami chased Layla.
Sami shouldn't panic.
Sami lost his cool.
Sami was scaring Layla.
Sami was driving through the roundabout.
Sami couldn't see who was inside the car.
Sami wasn't looking at me.
Sami was looking straightforward.
Sami's bank cancelled his credit card.
Sami was creeped out.
Sami ran home.
Sami isn't doing that again.
Sami knew something was weird.
Sami just happened to be there.
Sami finds this normal.
Sami needs to go to the bathroom.
Sami's dog is his family.
Sami took the taser.
Sami was walking the dog around the building.
Sami saw someone in a grey hoodie standing by his car.
Sami was still there.
Sami walked inside.
Sami asked Layla to go with him.
Sami was petrified.
Sami took his dog on a walk.
Sami was whistling.
Sami can't replicate that sound.
Sami was peering through the bushes.
Sami was trying to peer through the bushes.
Sami doesn't know how to explain it.
Sami tried to lure Layla into a corner.
Sami and Layla just kept walking.
Sami saw a black cat.
Sami had an all-black cat.
Sami was calling his cat.
Sami recorded it.
Sami is talking about that.
Sami walked that way so many times and never noticed that tree.
Sami thinks that's explainable.
Sami was so freaked out when he heard that sound.
Sami wore a top hat.
Sami had a hat on.
Layla is wearing a dress.
Sami doesn't think anything of it.
Sami was fussing with his hat.
Sami heard that noise.
Sami was staring at them.
Sami moved to another part of the street.
Sami's eyes was playing tricks on him.
Sami didn't notice this.
Sami didn't notice that.
Sami didn't go back down there.
Sami woke up earlier.
Sami changed the dinner schedule of his dogs.
Sami warned Layla not to go back down that street.
Sami heard it again.
Sami heard that sound again.
Sami heard that noise again.
Sami has zero doubts about that.
Sami went to that street.
Sami is more paranoid than ever.
Sami unfortunately lives here.
Sami's camera just died.
Sami liked this video.
I admit at first I didn't like you.
Tom doesn't like having to admit he can't read.
Tom didn't want to admit that he couldn't do that.
Tom didn't want to admit that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't want to admit that he didn't know what to do.
Tom didn't want to admit he didn't know.
Tom was scared to admit he didn't know.
Tom was scared to admit that he didn't know.
Tom doesn't want to admit he doesn't know how to do it.
I doubt that Tom will admit he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't want to admit he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't want to admit that he had a drinking problem.
Tom didn't have the courage to admit he had made a mistake.
Tom doesn't want to admit he has a drinking problem.
It was hard for Tom to admit he needed help.
Tom had to swallow his pride and admit he needed help.
Tom didn't want to admit he was scared.
Tom didn't want to admit he was the one who broke the window.
Tom didn't want to admit he was the one who had broken the window.
How did you get Tom to admit that he was the one who stole your wallet?
Tom had to admit he was too tired to do anything else.
Tom is never going to admit he was wrong, is he?
Did Tom admit he was wrong?
Did Tom admit that he was wrong?
Tom didn't have the decency to admit he was wrong.
Tom didn't even have the decency to admit that he was wrong.
Tom doesn't want to admit he was wrong.
Tom is never going to admit he was wrong.
Tom isn't about to admit that he was wrong.
Tom didn't want to admit that he wasn't able to do that.
Tom just didn't want to admit he'd been wrong.
I got Tom to admit that he'd made a mistake.
Tom didn't even have the decency to admit he'd made a mistake.
Tom didn't seem to be willing to admit that he'd made a mistake.
Even Tom's enemies admit that he's a just man.
Tom hates to admit he's a member of the older generation.
I doubt Tom's abilities even though I'll admit he's honest.
I doubt Tom's abilities even though I'll admit that he's honest.
Tom is never going to admit he's wrong, is he?
I don't think Tom is going to admit he's wrong.
It takes a brave politician to admit that he's wrong.
It's not likely that Tom will ever admit he's wrong.
Tom doesn't often admit he's wrong.
Tom has never been one to admit he's wrong.
Tom is never going to admit he's wrong.
I don't like having to admit I can't do something.
I don't like having to admit I can't read.
I didn't want to admit I didn't know how to do that.
I must admit I don't like contemporary music much.
I admit I hit Tom.
I think it's time for me to admit I never cared about you.
I have to admit I never thought of that.
I'm not always late, but I admit I often am.
I admit I sometimes drive too fast.
I admit I stole Mary's jewelry.
I admit I was a little drunk.
I admit I was careless.
I must admit I was mistaken.
I have to admit I was proud.
I didn't want to admit I was scared.
I didn't want to admit I was the one who broke the window.
I didn't want to admit I was the one who had broken the window.
I admit I was wrong.
It wasn't easy for me to admit I was wrong.
I admit I'm a bit selfish.
I have to admit I'm a bit stingy.
I have to admit I'm impressed.
I admit I'm the one who did that.
I admit I'm the one who stole the money.
I admit I'm tired.
I admit I've been careless.
I admit I've been naughty.
I admit I've never actually been to Boston.
I admit I've never been to Boston.
I must admit I've never heard of it.
I must admit it was my fault.
I admit it's strange.
Tom doesn't want to admit Mary was right and that he was wrong.
Tom had to admit Mary was right.
I want you to admit maybe you like Tom a little.
I have to admit that never occurred to me.
I must admit the thought hadn't occurred to me.
Let's all admit Tom is a pretty good guy.
I admit Tom is right.
I admit that Tom is right.
I must admit Tom is strong.
I didn't want to admit Tom was right and that I was wrong.
I admit Tom was right.
I know how difficult it is for you to admit you are wrong.
I don't know why you can't admit you need me.
It's hard to admit you're a failure.
I have to admit you're right.
It takes a lot of courage to admit you're wrong.
Tom admits that he does that.
Tom admits that he often cries.
Tom admits that he often does that.
Tom admits he stole Mary's jewelry.
Tom admits that he was overwhelmed.
Tom admits that he was skeptical at first.
Tom admits that he wasn't happy.
Tom admits that he wasn't sure.
Tom admits that he's been doing that for a long time.
Tom admits that he's cried.
Tom admits that he's despised Mary since he first met her.
Tom admits that he's done that.
Tom admits that he's left early.
Tom admits that he's under pressure.
Tom admits that the system isn't perfect.
Tom admitted he agreed to do that.
Tom admitted he always has trouble remembering names.
Tom admitted he ate all the ice cream.
Tom admitted he broke the vase.
Tom admitted that he broke the vase.
Tom admitted he couldn't really understand French.
Tom admitted that he couldn't speak French.
Tom admitted that he despised Mary.
Tom admitted that he despises Mary.
Tom hasn't admitted he did that yet.
Tom hasn't yet admitted he did that.
Tom admitted that he did what he promised not to do.
Tom admitted that he did what he said he wouldn't do.
Tom admitted that he did what he wasn't supposed to do.
Tom admitted that he did what Mary asked him not to do.
Tom admitted that he did what Mary said he shouldn't do.
Tom admitted that he did what Mary told him not to do.
Tom admitted that he did what we asked him not to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what he promised he'd do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what he promised to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what he said he'd do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what he was supposed to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what Mary said he had to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what Mary told him he had to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what Mary told him he needed to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what Mary told him he was supposed to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what Mary told him to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what we asked him to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what we had asked him to do.
Tom admitted that he didn't do what we wanted him to do.
Tom admitted he didn't eat the cake that his girlfriend had baked for him.
Tom admitted he didn't have any experience.
Tom admitted he didn't know how to do it.
Tom admitted he didn't know how to do that.
Tom admitted that he didn't like Mary very much.
Tom admitted he didn't really know how to do that.
Tom admitted he didn't really know how to speak French.
Tom admitted he didn't really know what he was supposed to be doing.
Tom admitted he didn't really know what to do.
Tom admitted he didn't really know where Mary lived.
Tom admitted he didn't really know where Mary worked.
Tom admitted he didn't really want to do that.
Tom admitted that he didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom admitted that he didn't want to do that.
Tom admitted that he does that.
Tom admitted that he doesn't do that.
Tom admitted that he forged the check.
Tom admitted that he had accepted a bribe.
Tom admitted he had been defeated.
Tom admitted he had been wrong.
Tom admitted he had committed the crime.
Tom admitted he had committed the murder.
Tom admitted that he had done what he was accused of doing.
Tom admitted that he had help doing that.
Tom admitted he had hit Mary.
Tom admitted he had killed Mary.
Tom admitted he had lied to Mary.
Tom admitted he had lied to me.
Tom admitted he had made a mistake on the invoice.
Tom admitted he had never actually been to Boston.
Tom admitted that he had no idea where his wife was.
Tom admitted he had stolen Mary's money.
Tom admitted he had stolen money from Mary.
Tom admitted he had stolen the bike.
Tom admitted he had stolen the Mary's necklace.
Tom admitted he had stolen the money.
Tom admitted he had stolen the treasure.
Tom admitted that he had stolen the treasure.
Because Tom admitted that he had taken bribes, he didn't get reelected.
Tom admitted he had taken bribes.
Tom admitted he hadn't been fair.
Tom admitted he hadn't been honest.
Tom admitted he hadn't been polite.
Tom admitted he hadn't read Mary's book.
Tom admitted he knew the secret.
Tom admitted that he left early.
Tom admitted that he lied.
Tom just admitted that he made a mistake.
Tom admitted he murdered Mary.
Tom finally admitted that he needed help and checked himself into detox.
Tom admitted he shot Mary's dog.
Tom admitted he stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom has admitted he stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom admitted he stole Mary's jewelry.
Tom admitted he stole the gold.
Tom admitted that he stole the gold.
Tom admitted that he used drugs.
Tom admitted that he wanted to do that.
Tom admitted he wanted to escape from here.
Tom admitted that he wanted to escape from here.
Tom admitted he was a thief.
Tom admitted he was broke.
Tom admitted he was cold.
Tom admitted he was confused.
Tom admitted he was curious.
Tom admitted he was exhausted.
Tom admitted he was frightened.
Tom admitted he was homeless.
Tom admitted he was homesick.
Tom admitted he was illiterate.
Tom admitted he was impressed.
Tom admitted he was jealous.
Tom admitted he was lazy.
Tom admitted he was lonely.
Tom admitted he was no match for Mary in golf.
Tom admitted he was prejudiced.
Tom admitted he was tempted to do that.
Tom admitted he was terrified.
Tom admitted that he was the one who ate all the cookies.
Tom admitted that he was the one who ate the last piece of cake.
Tom admitted that he was the one who broke the eggs.
Tom admitted he was the one who did that.
Tom still hasn't admitted he was the one who did that.
Tom admitted he was the one who had done that.
I was surprised when Tom admitted he was the one who had stolen my wheelbarrow.
Tom admitted that he was the one who left the windows unlocked.
Tom admitted he was the one who stole Mary's bracelet.
Tom admitted he was the one who stole Mary's diamond necklace.
Tom admitted he was the one who stole Mary's jewelry.
Tom has admitted that he was there that night.
Tom admitted that he was very tired.
Tom admitted he was worried.
Tom admitted that he wasn't actually the one who did that.
Tom admitted he wasn't prepared.
Tom admitted he wasn't ready.
Tom admitted he wasn't really hurt.
Tom admitted he wasn't really interested in doing that.
Tom admitted he wasn't really psychic.
Tom admitted he wasn't really rich.
Tom admitted that he wasn't really sick.
Tom admitted he wasn't really the first one to do that.
Tom admitted he wasn't rich.
Tom admitted he wasn't sure.
Tom admitted that he wasn't the one who actually did that.
Tom admitted he'd been careless.
Tom admitted he'd been dishonest.
Tom admitted that he'd been doing that for a long time.
Tom admitted he'd been foolish.
Tom admitted he'd been impolite.
Tom admitted he'd been irresponsible.
Tom admitted he'd been mistaken.
Tom admitted he'd been naughty.
Tom admitted he'd been reckless.
Tom admitted he'd been rude.
Tom admitted he'd been unfair.
Tom eventually admitted he'd done that.
Tom admitted he'd lied to me.
Tom admitted that he'd lied.
Tom admitted that he'd made a mistake.
Tom admitted that he's despised Mary for a very long time.
Tom admitted that he's done that.
I admitted I didn't know how to do that.
I admitted I didn't really know how to do that.
I admitted I didn't really want to do that.
I admitted I was arguing with Tom the day he was murdered.
Tom admitted I was right.
I admitted I was tempted to do that.
I admitted I was the one who did that.
I admitted I was the one who had done that.
I admitted I was the one who'd done that.
I admitted I was wrong.
I admitted I wasn't really interested in doing that.
Tom admitted that it was a stupid idea.
Tom admitted it was due to his carelessness that the accident had happened.
Tom admitted it was partially his fault.
Tom admitted it was true.
Tom admitted that was the real reason he did that.
Tom admitted the rumors were true.
Tom admitted the wasn't really as easy as he thought it was going to be.
Both Tom and Mary admitted they were lonely.
Tom and Mary both admitted they were lonely.
I admitted Tom was right.
Tom admitted what he did was wrong.
Tom admitted that what he said was wrong.
Tom admitted what he'd done was dangerous.
Tom admitted what he'd done was stupid.
Tom admitted what Mary said was true.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to admit that he'd made a mistake.
Tom had trouble admitting he was wrong.
Tom had trouble admitting that he was wrong.
There's nothing wrong with admitting you're afraid.
I doubt Tom will admit he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom doubts that what happened today will ever happen again.
No one doubts Tom will come soon.
No one doubts that Tom will come soon.
No one doubts Tom will do that tomorrow.
No one doubts that Tom will do that tomorrow.
No one doubts Tom will enjoy doing that.
No one doubts that Tom will enjoy doing that.
No one doubts you'll be able to pass the examination.
No one doubts that you'll be able to pass the examination.
Nobody doubts Tom will come soon.
Nobody doubts that Tom will come soon.
Nobody doubts Tom will do that tomorrow.
Nobody doubts that Tom will do that tomorrow.
Nobody doubts Tom will enjoy doing that.
Nobody doubts that Tom will enjoy doing that.
Nobody doubts you'll be able to pass the examination.
Nobody doubts that you'll be able to pass the examination.
I've never trusted Tom and I doubt that I ever will.
I have no doubt in my mind you're the woman I'm going to marry.
I have no doubt in my mind that you're the woman I'm going to marry.
I didn't doubt you for a moment.
I doubt you'll be happy with my report.
I doubt that you'll be happy with my report.
I seriously doubt that we'll be able to do that.
I seriously doubt that Tom will do that.
I seriously doubt that Tom will be there.
I doubt that you'd remember Tom.
I doubt that you'd do that.
I doubt Tom will win both races.
I doubt that Tom will win both races.
I doubt Tom knows how to do that.
I doubt that Tom knows how to do that.
I doubt a native speaker would say it like that.
I doubt that a native speaker would say it like that.
I doubt that we'll be able to go swimming today.
I doubt that we'll be able to do that today.
I doubt that we were ever in any real danger.
I doubt very seriously Tom would ever do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will win the race.
I doubt very seriously Tom will want to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will think it's a good idea to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will stop doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will quit doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will need to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will have to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will do what you want him to do.
I doubt very seriously Tom will do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be upset.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be up at this time of night.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be tomorrow afternoon.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be through doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be the next one to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be the last one to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be the first one to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be tempted to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be sympathetic.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be suspicious.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be suspended.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be reasonable.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be ready.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be quicker at doing that than Mary.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be punished.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be punctual.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be present.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be prepared.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be nervous.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be motivated to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be mad.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be lonely.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be jealous.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be irritated.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be interested.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be interested in doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be impressed.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be home.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be home on Monday.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be here.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be handcuffed.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be frightened by that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be forgiven.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be faster at doing that than Mary.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be excused from doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be excited about that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be embarrassed by that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be early.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be doing that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be disobedient.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be discouraged.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be cooperative.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be cold.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be back anytime soon.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be awake.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be awake at this time of night.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be arrested.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be annoyed by that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be angry.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be alone.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be afraid.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be absent today.
I doubt very seriously Tom did that on purpose.
I doubt very seriously that will scare Tom.
I doubt very seriously that'll impress Tom.
I doubt very seriously that will frighten Tom.
I doubt very seriously that will embarrass Tom.
I doubt very seriously that will annoy Tom.
I doubt that Tom would lie to you.
I doubt that Tom would do that for Mary.
I doubt that Tom would be that stupid.
I doubt that Tom would be that foolish.
I doubt that Tom would be interested in joining the army.
I doubt that Tom would agree.
I doubt that Tom will wait until 2:30.
I doubt that Tom will wait for you.
I doubt that Tom will visit Boston.
I doubt that Tom will tell us the truth.
I doubt that Tom will stick around.
I doubt that Tom will sing.
I doubt that Tom will lie to you.
I doubt that Tom will leave anytime soon.
I doubt that Tom will go to Boston.
I doubt that Tom will ever get married.
I doubt that Tom will ever forgive me for doing that.
I doubt that Tom will ever forgive Mary for doing that.
I doubt that Tom will ever do that.
I doubt that Tom will ever do that again.
I doubt that Tom will ever agree to do that.
I doubt that Tom will come.
I doubt that Tom will come to Boston this year.
I doubt that Tom will be the first.
I doubt that Tom will be surprised.
I doubt that Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I doubt that Tom will agree to that.
I doubt that Tom really needs to do that.
I doubt that Tom really has to do that.
I doubt that Tom knows Mary.
I doubt that Tom knows how to fish.
I doubt that Tom is still there.
I doubt that Tom is really that gullible.
I doubt that Tom is really a doctor.
I doubt that Tom could've done that any better.
I doubt that Tom can comprehend what we're talking about.
I doubt that Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I doubt that this is anything you'd be interested in.
I doubt that there's anyone following me.
I doubt that there's a market for that.
I doubt that the veracity of his statement.
I doubt that the new proposal will be accepted.
I doubt that many people will be there.
I doubt that many people know how to do that.
I doubt that many people actually like Tom.
I doubt that I'll ever be able to do that.
I doubt that I'll ever be able to do that as well as you.
I doubt that I can go with you tomorrow.
I doubt that I can get Tom to swim.
I doubt that I can get Tom to do that.
I doubt that I can get Tom to do it.
I doubt that anyone said that.
I doubt that a native speaker would say it that way.
Tom doubts Mary loves you.
Tom doubts Mary can win.
Tom doubts Mary can take care of herself.
Tom doubts Mary can swim.
Tom doubts Mary can do that.
Tom doubts he'll be able get there on time.
I had no doubts I was going to win.
Tom doubts Mary will keep her promise.
Tom doubts that Mary will keep her promise.
Tom doubted Mary would keep her promise.
Tom doubted Mary would call back.
No one ever doubted Tom would win.
I doubted Tom would do that.
I doubt something like that would upset Tom.
I doubt that something like that would upset Tom.
I doubt something like that would make Tom mad.
I doubt that something like that would make Tom mad.
I doubt something like that would make Tom angry.
I doubt that something like that would make Tom angry.
There's no doubt in my mind we need to do that.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was the one who did that.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was the one who did it.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was telling the truth.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was planning to do that.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was planning on doing that.
There was no doubt in my mind Tom would make the right decision.
There was no doubt in my mind Tom would do that.
There was no doubt in my mind Tom was the one who stole my motorcycle.
There was no doubt in my mind Tom knew the answer.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom will win the election.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom didn't commit suicide.
I have no doubt in my mind Tom will show up at the auction.
I don't think you should go to Australia.
I don't think that you should go to Australia.
I don't think it's a good idea for you to go Australia by yourself.
I don't think that it's a good idea for you to go Australia by yourself.
I don't think I'll go to Australia.
I don't think that I'll go to Australia.
I don't think I'll ever go back to Australia again.
I don't think that I'll ever go back to Australia again.
I don't think I'll be in Australia next winter.
I don't think that I'll be in Australia next winter.
I don't think I'll be in Australia next week.
I don't think that I'll be in Australia next week.
I don't think I'd like Australia.
I don't think that I'd like Australia.
I don't think I'd ever want to live in Australia.
I don't think that I'd ever want to live in Australia.
I don't think I'd enjoy living in Australia.
I don't think that I'd enjoy living in Australia.
I don't think I know anyone in Australia.
I don't think that I know anyone in Australia.
I don't think I could ever live in Australia.
I don't think that I could ever live in Australia.
I don't think I can move to Australia.
I don't think that I can move to Australia.
I didn't think you'd go to Australia.
I didn't think that you'd go to Australia.
I didn't think you'd go to Australia by yourself.
I didn't think that you'd go to Australia by yourself.
I didn't think you'd be in Australia this week.
I didn't think that you'd be in Australia this week.
I didn't think you were in Australia.
I didn't think that you were in Australia.
I didn't think there was anyone I knew in Australia.
I didn't think that there was anyone I knew in Australia.
I didn't think there was anybody I knew in Australia.
I didn't think that there was anybody I knew in Australia.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to living in Australia.
I didn't think that I'd ever get used to living in Australia.
I didn't think I would be in Australia for so long.
I didn't think that I would be in Australia for so long.
I doubt very much that Tom will be interested.
I doubt very much Tom will do that.
I doubt very much I'll be there.
I doubt seriously I'll ever study French again after I graduate.
I doubt seriously that I'll ever study French again after I graduate.
I doubt seriously it was Tom who broke the window.
I doubt seriously that it was Tom who did this.
I don't know anyone in Australia.
I don't know anybody in Australia.
I don't know anyone who lives in Australia.
I don't know anybody who lives in Australia.
I remember you were in Australia for a short while.
I remember that you were in Australia for a short while.
I didn't tell anyone why I had gone to Australia.
I didn't tell anybody why I had gone to Australia.
I didn't tell my friends I was going to Australia.
I didn't tell my friends that I was going to Australia.
The last time Tom went to Australia was three years ago.
The last time that Tom went to Australia was three years ago.
The last time Tom gave a concert in Australia, only people came.
The last time that Tom gave a concert in Australia, only people came.
The last time Tom and I were in Australia was last October.
The last time that Tom and I were in Australia was last October.
The last time I went to Australia, I went with Tom.
The last time that I went to Australia, I went with Tom.
The last time I went to Australia, I visited Tom.
The last time that I went to Australia, I visited Tom.
The last time I spoke to Tom, he said he wasn't planning to go to Australia.
The last time that I spoke to Tom, he said he wasn't planning to go to Australia.
The last time I saw Tom was in Australia.
The last time that I saw Tom was in Australia.
Tell Tom you want to go to Australia.
Tell Tom that you want to go to Australia.
Tell Tom I won't go to Australia with him.
Tell Tom that I won't go to Australia with him.
Tell Tom I have to go to Australia for a few days.
Tell Tom that I have to go to Australia for a few days.
Tell Tom I grew up in Australia, just like he did.
Tell Tom that I grew up in Australia, just like he did.
Tell Tom he should visit Australia.
Tell Tom that he should visit Australia.
Tell Tom he should go back to Australia.
Tell Tom that he should go back to Australia.
I didn't say I was going to Australia.
I didn't say that I was going to Australia.
I didn't say I was from Australia.
I didn't say that I was from Australia.
I didn't say I used to live in Australia.
I didn't say that I used to live in Australia.
I didn't know that you were going to Australia with us.
I didn't know that you were going to be in Australia this week.
I didn't know that you were born in Australia, too.
I didn't know that you used to live in Australia.
I didn't know that your grandchildren lived in Australia.
I didn't know that you were from Australia.
I didn't know that you were from Australia, too.
I didn't know that you wanted to go to Australia with us.
I didn't know that you used to work in Australia.
I didn't know that you used to teach French in Australia.
I didn't know that you didn't live in Australia anymore.
Is it true Tom has been to Australia?
Is it true that Tom has been to Australia?
Is it true Tom has never been to Australia?
Is it true that Tom has never been to Australia?
Is it true Tom is going to Australia?
Is it true that Tom is going to Australia?
Is it true Tom is moving to Australia?
Is it true that Tom is moving to Australia?
Is it true Tom lived in Australia for three years?
Is it true that Tom lived in Australia for three years?
Is it true Tom plans on staying in Australia until October?
Is it true that Tom plans on staying in Australia until October?
Is it true Tom used to live in Australia?
Is it true that Tom used to live in Australia?
Is it true Tom wants to live in Australia?
Is it true that Tom wants to live in Australia?
Is it true Tom was born in Australia?
Is it true that Tom was born in Australia?
Is it true Tom was in Australia last week?
Is it true that Tom was in Australia last week?
Is it true Tom went to Australia?
Is it true that Tom went to Australia?
It seems that Tom and I are the only ones here from Boston.
It's hard to believe Tom really wants to go to Boston.
It's good you were able to go to Boston with Tom.
It's Tom I want to go to Boston with.
I hope Tom can stay in Boston for a while.
I hope that Tom can stay in Boston for a while.
The first person I met in Australia was Tom.
The first person that I met in Australia was Tom.
That's the reason Tom went to Australia.
That's the reason that Tom went to Australia.
That's the reason that Tom did that.
That's the reason that I did that.
That was the first time Tom ever went to Australia.
That was the first time that Tom ever went to Australia.
That was the first time I was ever in Australia.
That was the first time that I was ever in Australia.
Someone told me that Tom has moved to Australia.
Somebody told me that Tom has moved to Australia.
Someone told me that Tom now lives in Australia.
Somebody told me that Tom now lives in Australia.
Someone told me Tom has moved to Australia.
Somebody told me Tom has moved to Australia.
Someone told me Tom now lives in Australia.
Somebody told me Tom now lives in Australia.
Only a few people here know Tom is from Australia.
Only a few people here know that Tom is from Australia.
I hope Tom can stay in Australia for a while.
I hope that Tom can stay in Australia for a while.
Neither Tom nor Mary lived in Australia when they were kids.
Neither Tom nor Mary lived in Australia when they were children.
I think Tom was in Australia last month.
I think that Tom was in Australia last month.
It's Tom I want to go to Australia with.
It's Tom that I want to go to Australia with.
It's hard to believe Tom really wants to go to Australia.
It's hard to believe that Tom really wants to go to Australia.
It's good you were able to go to Australia with Tom.
It's good that you were able to go to Australia with Tom.
I didn't stay in Australia very long.
I didn't stay in Australia for very long.
It's clear Tom likes being here in Australia.
It's clear that Tom likes being here in Australia.
It was raining the day Tom died.
It was raining the day that Tom died.
It was raining the day Tom was shot.
It was raining the day that Tom was shot.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones here from Australia.
It seems that Tom and I are the only ones here from Australia.
I didn't realize you used to live in Australia.
I didn't realize that you used to live in Australia.
I didn't even know you used to live in Australia.
I didn't even know that you used to live in Australia.
Is there any chance Tom is in Australia now?
Is there any chance that Tom is in Australia now?
Tom and I got to know each other in Australia when we were both college students.
I don't like Australia.
It sounds like Tom is planning on staying in Australia for another three weeks.
I didn't like Australia.
It would be a pity if you missed out on seeing Tom while you're in Australia.
I don't live in Australia.
I didn't like it in Australia.
It sounds like Tom is planning to stay in Australia for another three weeks.
I didn't talk about Australia.
It would've probably been better if Tom hadn't gone to Australia last week.
I don't go to Australia often.
Tom didn't have a chance to visit Mary the last time he was in Australia.
I don't like Australia at all.
Tom couldn't go to Australia with us because he didn't have enough money.
I don't live in Australia now.
Tom and I had dinner together when you and Mary were visiting Australia.
I don't live in Australia yet.
Tom did everything he could to make Mary's stay in Australia enjoyable.
I don't often go to Australia.
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan on going to Australia with you.
I didn't like Australia at all.
Tom and Mary both have to stay in Australia until the end of the month.
I don't live here in Australia.
Mary and Tom met three years ago when they were students in Australia.
I didn't really go to Australia.
Tom and Mary both studied French at the same university in Australia.
I don't go to Australia anymore.
It was lucky I was able to speak to Tom before he left for Australia.
It hadn't occurred to me that Tom would want to go to Australia, too.
I don't know where Australia is.
Tom couldn't say for sure how many times Mary had been to Australia.
I don't need to go to Australia.
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan to go to Australia with you.
I don't often come to Australia.
I don't plan to go to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary plans to go to Australia with us next weekend.
I don't plan to visit Australia.
It would've been better if Tom had stayed in Australia all summer.
It would've been better if you had gone to Australia with Tom.
I don't want a job in Australia.
Maybe Tom should go live with his grandparents in Australia.
I didn't need to go to Australia.
I didn't plan to go to Australia.
That happened three days after Tom got back from Australia.
It's been three years since Tom and I've been to Australia.
I didn't want to leave Australia.
It's been more than a year since Tom has visited Australia.
I don't like Australia that much.
Maybe you should let Tom go to Australia like he wants to.
I don't like Australia very much.
It looks as if Tom isn't going to go to Australia with us.
I don't like living in Australia.
That happened three days after Tom got back to Australia.
I don't normally go to Australia.
Perhaps we should go to Australia next week to visit Tom.
I didn't like Australia very much.
It looks like Tom isn't going to go to Australia with us.
I didn't like living in Australia.
I don't have a house in Australia.
That must've happened while Tom and I were in Australia.
I don't have friends in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary plans to study music in Australia.
I don't have to move to Australia.
Is Tom still interested in going to Australia with us?
I don't intend to go to Australia.
My good friend, Tom, convinced me to go to Australia.
I don't live in Australia anymore.
My parents wouldn't let me go to Australia with Tom.
I don't need to move to Australia.
It's been three months since Tom moved to Australia.
I don't want to come to Australia.
Maybe Tom will stay in Australia for a month or so.
I don't want to go back Australia.
It's been three years since Tom moved to Australia.
I didn't want to live in Australia.
It's been three weeks since Tom moved to Australia.
I didn't want to move to Australia.
I don't actually live in Australia.
I don't go to Australia very often.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a job in Australia.
My older brother, Tom, was born here in Australia.
Let's see if Tom wants to go to Australia with us.
I didn't live in Australia last year.
It's been three years since Tom came to Australia.
It sounds like Tom will be in Australia next week.
I don't come to Australia very often.
Is Tom likely to want to go to Australia with you?
I don't ever want to leave Australia.
I don't have to go back to Australia.
Next week, Tom is going to Australia on business.
I don't live in Australia any longer.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go back to Australia.
I don't need to go back to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has moved back to Australia.
I don't spend much time in Australia.
It looks as if Tom won't go to Australia with us.
Is Tom still planning to go to Australia with us?
I don't want to ever leave Australia.
The hospital where Tom was born is in Australia.
I don't know many people in Australia.
Somehow I can't picture Tom living in Australia.
I don't actually live in Australia now.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been to Australia.
I don't have any property in Australia.
It rained every day Tom and I were in Australia.
I don't have many friends in Australia.
It looks like Tom won't go to Australia with us.
I don't really want to go to Australia.
It's been three years since Tom left Australia.
It may have happened when Tom was in Australia.
I don't often come to Australia anymore.
Tell Tom when you're going to be in Australia.
I don't really enjoy being in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to come to Australia.
Maybe Tom won't come to Australia this summer.
I didn't really enjoy being in Australia.
It sounds like Tom will be going to Australia.
I don't really want to live in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary want to go to Australia.
I don't have to go to Australia next week.
Maybe Tom won't go to Australia on this trip.
Next year, Tom and I are going to Australia.
I don't need to go to Australia next week.
Next week, Tom and I are going to Australia.
I don't actually live in Australia anymore.
Maybe Tom will come to Australia in October.
I don't ever want to go to Australia again.
Maybe Tom doesn't know much about Australia.
I don't have any friends here in Australia.
Is Tom really going to Australia by himself?
I don't intend to go to Australia with you.
The boss sent Tom to Australia on business.
I don't know how long I'll be in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary was born in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has visited Australia.
I don't have many friends here in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has come to Australia.
I don't have very many friends in Australia.
I don't like Australia as much as I used to.
Tell Tom the best way to get to Australia.
I don't plan to stay in Australia very long.
Please ask Tom if he's going to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary grew up in Australia.
I don't come to Australia very often anymore.
Maybe Tom should go to Australia with you.
I don't go to Australia as much as I used to.
I don't have enough money to go to Australia.
Perhaps Tom can go to Australia with you.
I don't often get to Australia in the winter.
None of us will go to Australia with Tom.
Maybe Tom will go to Australia with Mary.
I didn't want to stay in Australia any longer.
Maybe Tom has already left for Australia.
I don't get to Australia as often as I'd like.
It was in Australia that I first met Tom.
I don't go to Australia as often as I used to.
It sounds like Tom might go to Australia.
I don't intend to stay in Australia very long.
It sounds like Tom is going to Australia.
I don't remember how we ended up in Australia.
Shouldn't Tom be in Australia this week?
I didn't want to go to Australia, but I had to.
Perhaps Tom went to Australia with Mary.
Neither Tom nor Mary works in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary lives in Australia.
Maybe we can stay in Australia with Tom.
I don't come to Australia as often as I used to.
It sounds like Tom will go to Australia.
I don't intend to stay in Australia much longer.
Is Tom planning to go back to Australia?
I don't need to go to Australia until next week.
Perhaps I can go to Australia with Tom.
Neither Tom nor Mary went to Australia.
The company has sent Tom to Australia.
I don't get to Australia as often as I'd like to.
Maybe Tom went to Australia with Mary.
I don't have to go to Australia until next month.
It was in Australia that Tom met Mary.
I don't need to go to Australia until next month.
It happened when Tom was in Australia.
Isn't Tom supposed to be in Australia?
I didn't want to spend any more time in Australia.
I don't have to go back to Australia until Monday.
Shouldn't Tom be in Australia by now?
Neither Tom nor Mary is in Australia.
Maybe I can go to Australia with Tom.
Let's go to Australia and visit Tom.
I didn't know anything about Australia at that time.
Tell Tom how you went to Australia.
I didn't need to stay in Australia as long as I did.
Perhaps Tom won't go to Australia.
I don't have to go back to Australia until tomorrow.
Is Tom still working in Australia?
I don't know why my boss chose me to go to Australia.
Is Tom really living in Australia?
I don't know why my boss wants me to go to Australia.
Tell Tom how to get to Australia.
I don't have enough money to go to Australia with you.
Is Tom really going to Australia?
Maybe Tom won't go to Australia.
I don't have to go back to Australia until next Monday.
Let's go visit Tom in Australia.
I don't need to go back to Australia until next Monday.
Let's go to Australia with Tom.
Tell Tom to stay in Australia.
I don't intend to go to Australia with you this weekend.
Tell Tom to come to Australia.
I don't know when I'll be able to get back to Australia.
Shouldn't Tom go to Australia?
I didn't want to come to Australia, but my parents made me.
Maybe Tom can go to Australia.
I don't intend to come back to Australia until next October.
Perhaps Tom is in Australia.
I don't like living in Australia and my wife doesn't either.
Is Tom already in Australia?
I don't know how long it takes to get to Australia from here.
Should Tom go to Australia?
I don't intend to stay in Australia for more than three weels.
Isn't Tom in Australia now?
I didn't want to go to Australia last month, but I had no choice.
Is Tom really in Australia?
I don't understand why you don't want to go to Australia with us.
Is Tom living in Australia?
Maybe Tom is in Australia.
I didn't really want to go to Australia last weekend, but I had to.
Is Tom going to Australia?
I don't know if we're going to be able to make it to Australia for Christmas.
Is Tom in Australia now?
I don't know if you remember me, but we met a couple of years ago in Australia.
Is Tom in Australia?
If you think Tom is still in Australia, you're wrong. If you think that Tom is still in Australia, you're wrong.
I've heard Tom is planning to move to Australia.
I've heard that Tom is planning to move to Australia.
I've got a feeling Tom is still here in Australia.
I've got a feeling that Tom is still here in Australia.
I've been told Tom is still in Australia.
I've been told that Tom is still in Australia.
I've been thinking it might be fun to go to Australia and visit Tom.
I've been thinking that it might be fun to go to Australia and visit Tom.
I've already told Tom that I plan on staying in Australia for another three weeks.
I've already told Tom I plan on staying in Australia for three more weeks.
I've already told Tom that I plan on staying in Australia for three more weeks.
I've already told Tom I plan on staying in Australia for another three weeks.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be in Australia now.
I'm sure that Tom wouldn't be in Australia now.
I'm sure Tom won't be in Australia now.
I'm sure that Tom won't be in Australia now.
I'm sure Tom won't be in Australia next Monday.
I'm sure that Tom won't be in Australia next Monday.
I'm sure Tom will visit Australia.
I'm sure that Tom will visit Australia.
I'm sure Tom will go to Australia.
I'm sure that Tom will go to Australia.
I'm sure Tom will be in Australia next Monday.
I'm sure that Tom will be in Australia next Monday.
I'm sure Tom will be able to persuade Mary to go to Australia with him.
I'm sure that Tom will be able to persuade Mary to go to Australia with him.
I'm Tom calling from Australia.
I can't leave Australia.
In 2013, Tom moved to Australia.
I did that in Australia.
I'm taking Tom to Australia with me.
I come to Australia a lot.
I've asked Tom to come to Australia.
I could live in Australia.
If Tom goes to Australia, so will I.
I can't leave Australia now.
In 2013, Tom relocated to Australia.
I can't go back to Australia.
In 2013, Tom was living in Australia.
I couldn't live in Australia.
I'm willing to go to Australia with Tom.
I decided to go to Australia.
I've agreed to go to Australia with Tom.
I currently live in Australia.
In 2013, Tom was a student in Australia.
I didn't grow up in Australia.
I've decided to go to Australia with Tom.
I can go to Australia next week.
I've promised to go to Australia with Tom.
I can't go to Australia, either.
If Tom is right, Mary is in Australia now.
I can't wait to go to Australia.
I can't recall when Tom moved to Australia.
I can't wait to visit Australia.
I'm the one who went to Australia with Tom.
I come to Australia quite a lot.
I'm the one who showed Tom around Australia.
I could never live in Australia.
I can't remember when Tom moved to Australia.
I didn't feel safe in Australia.
I've decided not to go to Australia with Tom.
I didn't go to Australia either.
I've decided to go back to Australia with Tom.
I can't come to Australia either.
I've been to Australia more times than Tom has.
I can't go to Australia with you.
I'm thinking of going to Australia to visit Tom.
I come to Australia twice a year.
In 2013, Tom married Mary and moved to Australia.
I decided not to go to Australia.
I've never been to Australia, and Tom hasn't either.
I can be in Australia next Monday.
I've persuaded Tom to stay in Australia until Monday.
I can come to Australia next week.
If I'd known Tom was in Australia, I'd have told you.
I can't go to Australia next week.
Is it all right if I go to Australia with Tom next month?
I can't go to Australia this year.
I'm the one who told Tom why he needed to go to Australia.
I couldn't get a job in Australia.
I've advised Tom to do that before he goes back to Australia.
I did that in Australia last year.
If you had never gone to Australia, you wouldn't have met Tom.
I did the same thing in Australia.
If I'd known Tom was in Australia, I'd have tried to visit him.
I couldn't find a job in Australia.
I'm the one who took care of Tom's dog while he was in Australia.
I didn't go to Australia last year.
If I'd known Tom was going to be in Australia, I'd have told you.
I can't come to Australia this year.
If Tom had had enough money, he would've gone to Australia with Mary.
I can't go to Australia this winter.
If Tom had had enough money, he would have gone to Australia with Mary.
I could come to Australia next week.
Since Tom is movingto Australia next week, we should have a goodbye party for him.
I did that in Australia last summer.
Tom has three sisters. One lives in Australia and the other two live in New Zealand.
I didn't go to Australia last month.
Tom and Mary both wanted to go to Australia, but neither of them could get the time off.
I didn't have much fun in Australia.
Tom has a brother and two sisters. His brother lives in Australia and his sisters live in New Zealand.
I can't come to Australia this month.
She expects us to help her.
This is very hot.
This cup of coffee is very hot.
Sami has no clue how long this video is gonna be.
Sami has no clue how long this video is going to be.
Sami is so thrilled.
It was about more money.
He needs her.
Sami was creeped out, to say the least.
Sami couldn't explain the delay.
Sami shut the bathroom door.
Sami creeped me out, to say the least.
Sami was working on his laptop.
Sami is living his life.
Sami noticed the bathroom light going off and on.
Sami didn't use a flashlight.
Sami didn't know where his phone was.
Sami is going outside.
Sami was super creeped out.
Sami's light was still going off and on.
Sami was so unsettled.
Sami doesn't know why he didn't mention that.
Sami came earlier this week.
Sami said that something weird started happening.
Sami went to Cairo for a fashion week.
Sami had a petrifying experience.
Sami heard weird noises that he couldn't explain.
Sami went to an abandoned psychiatric hospital.
Sami is a crackpot.
Sami does not believe in ghosts.
Sami didn't know where it was.
Sami did not know what it was.
Sami doesn't know what this is.
Sami and Layla were watching movies.
Sami lives in an apartment building like Layla.
Sami's TV turned on.
Sami's jaw dropped.
Mennad grabbed the remote and turned off the TV.
Sami watched a scary movie.
Sami was in the apartment.
Sami thought this was a weird coincidence.
Sami wasn't feeling alone.
Sami heard knocking noises.
Sami was totally by himself.
Sami never feels alone.
Sami is always on edge.
Sami felt there was some type of presence in that room.
Sami's lights were going off and on.
Sami's lizard was making a strange noise.
Sami's plan didn't work.
Sami had a lot of trouble falling asleep.
Sami didn't sleep until it was morning.
Sami felt very creative.
Sami feels very creative when he's in the countryside.
Sami feels very creative when he is in the countryside.
Sami was about to fall asleep.
Sami started to fall asleep.
Sami jolted awake.
Sami's light illumitated the whole room.
Sami wasn't moving.
Sami was not moving.
Sami could very clearly see that shark.
Sami saw a black mass moving inside of his closet.
Sami kept waking Layla up.
Sami tweeted Layla when this happened.
Sami heard a scratching noise under his bed.
Sami heard what sounded like a scratching noise under his desk.
Sami had no animals in his room.
Sami knew where everything was.
Sami was too scared to look.
Sami heard scratching noises under the table.
Sami has never heard this before.
Sami's cat was sharpening its claws.
Sami couldn't explain it.
Sami was having a panic attack.
Sami felt out of breath.
Sami turned towards his closet and saw a black mass moving.
Sami saw a huge black mass moving in his closet.
Sami was awake but he couldn't move.
Sami couldn't control his body at all.
Sami saw a strange black mass moving inside his closet.
Sami felt so heavy.
Sami hated that.
Sami hated this.
Sami is so hard to wake up.
Sami had no clue how long that was.
Sami slept on his couch.
Sami can hear that noise.
Sami said it happened yesterday.
Sami needs to write this.
Sami heard a weird noise.
Sami heard weird noises.
Sami finds this really strange.
Sami knows that Layla will understand this.
Sami didn't try to communicate with Layla.
Sami is so curious what this thing is.
Sami's curiosity got the best of him.
Sami has some suggestions.
Sami appreciates your love and support so much.
You promised you would help me.
Is this the first time that you've tried doing this?
Is this the first time that you've traveled alone?
Is this the first time that you've seen this movie?
Is this the first time that you've seen snow?
Is this the first time that you've played this game?
Is this the first time that you've noticed this problem?
Is this the first time that you've had this symptom?
Is this the first time that you've had this kind of problem?
Is this the first time that you've flown first class?
Is this the first time that you've flown alone?
Is this the first time that you've flown a kite?
Is this the first time that you've flown a helicopter?
Is this the first time that you've experienced this kind of pain?
Is this the first time that you've ever skied?
Is this the first time that you've ever ice skated?
Is this the first time that you've ever given blood?
Is this the first time that you've eaten Thai food?
Is this the first time that you've eaten Japanese food?
Is this the first time that you've eaten here?
Is this the first time that you've done this?
Is this the first time that you've been here?
Is this the first time that you've been back to Boston since your divorce?
Is this the first time that you've applied for a loan?
Sami saw those drawings.
Sami had no idea there was a story behind that painting.
Sami sent me e-mails.
Sami has some scary stories.
Sami sent Layla the rest of the story.
Sami has never read this story in his life.
Sami did a new video.
Sami told the story to his kids.
Sami is being ridiculous.
Sami hates Layla so much.
Sami was in the living room area.
Sami was asleep.
Sami has a grey cat.
Sami will be talking about ghosts tonight.
Sami couldn't see Layla.
Sami had many imaginary friends.
Sami drew this as a school project.
Sami can't draw this.
Sami drew this.
Sami planted a flower in the yard.
Sami planted the flower in a cup of dirt.
Sami was planting a flower.
Sami is covered in blood.
Sami can't see that house.
Sami made me mad.
Sami was planting a tree.
Sami planted an olive tree in his backyard.
Sami doesn't want to think about that.
Sami doesn't want to see Layla.
Sami didn't want to think about Layla.
Sami left Layla presents.
Sami feels so bad for Layla.
Sami came to Layla's door and left her a gift.
Sami left a gift.
Sami left Layla a gift.
Sami is bringing a gift for Layla.
Sami talked to Layla's teacher.
Sami can't see him.
Sami believes that Layla is a real person.
Sami told us a real story.
Sami was sleeping on the ground, outside.
Sami believed what Layla said.
Sami went on a long walk.
Sami didn't come to school.
Sami isn't coming back.
Sami doesn't like that at all.
Sami finds this so creepy.
Sami didn't come home at the weekend.
Sami's mom is mad at him.
Sami was still at the office.
Sami doesn't know the origin of those drawings.
Sami wrote the story.
Sami's story was really scary.
Sami's story is really freaky.
Sami wants to know what Layla is thinking about this.
Sami's dog is here.
Sami is wearing blue clothes.
Sami is trying to film this.
Sami has been traveling a lot.
Sami likes to download movies.
Sami likes to read when he flies.
Sami lived in an extremely haunted house.
Sami was playing a new game.
"I need money." "Gah, everyone needs money."
Sami has been really enjoying this game.
Sami wanted to remodel the bathroom.
Sami and Layla want to remodel their house.
Sami remodeled his living room.
Sami lived with a friend.
Sami saw a young boy sitting on a bench.
Sami saw something strange in the bathroom.
Sami has seen it, too.
Sami was sitting in the bathroom.
Sami confirmed what Layla saw.
Sami saw that, too.
Sami really hates that.
Sami really hates this.
Sami is my oldest cousin.
Sami had horrifying nightmares.
Sami was years old.
Sami closed his eyes.
Sami heard those horrible screams.
Sami passed by the living room.
Sami is calling me.
Sami stayed there for about five minutes.
Sami didn't sleep for weeks.
Sami said the ghost wanted to get inside his body.
Sami didn't like to sleep alone.
Sami was drifting off.
Sami felt a tug on his blanket.
Is this the first time that you have tasted it?
Is this the first time that you and Tom have done this together?
Is this the first time that Tom has attempted suicide?
Is this the first time you have come to this town?
This isn't the first time Tom has spent a couple of weeks in a hospital.
This isn't the first time I've forgotten to do that.
This is the first time I have been here.
That was the first time a man walked on the moon.
It won't be the first time Tom's been late.
It wasn't the first time Tom had been late.
It was the first time Tom had ever been on a ferry.
It was the first time I visited the museum.
"Is it the first time that you've been here?" "Yes, it's my first visit."
As far asI know, it's the first time that Tom has ever done that.
Can you remember the first time that we met each other?
Can you remember the first time that you ate at this restaurant?
Can you remember the first time that you did that?
Can you remember the first time that you ever used a computer?
Can you remember the first time that you heard the Beatles?
Can you remember the first time that you met Tom?
Can you remember the first time that you saw Tom?
Can you remember the first time that you swam?
Can you remember the first time that you tried playing the clarinet?
Can you remember the first time that you went swimming?
Can you remember when the first time that you came here was?
Do you remember how Tom reacted the first time that you told him you and Mary were hanging out together?
Do you remember the first time that I came here?
Do you remember the first time that we met?
Do you remember the first time that we spoke to each other?
Do you remember the first time that we went out together?
Do you remember the first time that we went swimming together?
Do you remember the first time that we went to Boston together?
Do you remember the first time that you and I went out together?
Do you remember the first time that you and I went swimming together?
Do you remember the first time that you and I went to Boston together?
Do you remember the first time that you did that?
Do you remember the first time that you kissed me?
Do you remember the first time that you saw me?
Do you remember the first time that you saw one of those?
Do you remember the first time that you saw this movie?
Do you remember the first time that you talked to Tom?
Do you remember what you were wearing the first time that I met you?
Have I ever told you guys about the first time that I met Tom?
Have I ever told you guys about the first time that I went camping?
How old were you the first time that you drank beer?
How old were you the first time that you drank wine?
I bet it's not the first time that Tom has done that.
I bet this is the first time that this has happened to you.
I bet you don't remember the first time that we met.
I can still remember the first time that I saw you.
I didn't like beer the first time that I tried it.
I didn't like coffee the first time that I tried it.
I didn't speak French the first time that you met me.
I don't remember the first time that I met Tom.
I don't remember when the first time that I met Tom was.
I don't remember when the first time I met Tom was.
I don't think this is the first time that Tom has tried doing that.
I don't think this is the first time that Tom has tried to do that.
I fell in love with Mary the very first time that I saw her.
I fell in love with Tom the first time that I saw him.
I was a little bit nervous the first time that I had an MRI scan.
I was a little bit nervous the first time I had an MRI scan.
I knew it wasn't the first time that Tom had done that.
I know that this is the first time that this has happened to you.
I know this isn't the first time that Tom has done that.
I know this isn't the first time that Tom has lied to us.
I know that this isn't the first time that Tom has done that.
I know that this isn't the first time Tom has done that.
I know that this isn't the first time that Tom has lied to us.
I know that this isn't the first time Tom has lied to us.
I remember the first time that I ever saw Tom.
I remember the first time that I heard this song.
I remember the first time that we met.
I think that was the first time that Tom and I did that by ourselves.
Sami grabbed the blanket.
Sami lived in a Victorian house.
You don't have the slightest idea what I need.
Sami's kids were all asleep.
Sami was alone in the house, upstairs.
Sami has been experiencing this for a while.
Sami told us about it.
Sami's house was haunted.
Sami heard lots of banging at night.
Sami heard scratching.
Sami woke up from that dream.
Sami thought that his house was haunted by a dark spirit.
Sami was talking to an Asian lady.
Sami was sleeping well.
Sami never saw her anymore.
Sami was terrified to sleep.
Sami heard something moving in his closet.
Sami was walking back.
Sami heard a loud crash.
Sami still remembers Layla's exact expression.
Sami kept everything in that closet.
Sami had creepy flashbacks.
Sami used to hear sounds coming from the ceiling of his room.
Sami heard sounds coming from the attic.
Sami sat next to me.
Sami accidentally left that there.
Sami was sitting up there.
Sami was with his fiance.
Sami had his phone on the table, playing music.
Sami ended up finding his phone in the backyard.
Sami never knew how his phone got there.
Mennad's house was built in 2006.
Sami lives in Cairo, Egypt.
Sami gave Layla a music box.
Sami borrowed Layla's pencils.
Sami continued to live there.
Sami's parents have passed away.
Sami found all the cabinets open.
Sami's front door was open.
Sami thought there was a demon in that house.
Sami lived in a super haunted house.
Sami put the shirt in the laundry basket.
Sami heard the vacuum cleaner being used in the other room.
Sami's door slightly cracked open.
Sami asked for water again.
Sami entered Layla's room.
Sami was carrying something.
Sami suddenly disappeared.
Sami has finally seen Layla.
Sami thought a ghost lady lived in his house.
Sami's mom is a nice lady.
Sami was shaking Layla's bed.
Sami asked Layla why she was up so late.
Tom's very kind to me, but Sami has much more money.
Sami spent a weekend alone in the house.
Sami ended the video there.
Sami stopped filming there.
Sami stopped filming.
I think that this is the first time that Tom and I've done that by ourselves.
I think that this is the first time Tom and I've done that by ourselves.
I think that this is the first time that Tom has done that by himself.
I think that this is the first time Tom has done that by himself.
I'll never forget the first time that I kissed you.
I think that this is the first time that Tom has done that without help.
I think that this is the first time Tom has done that without help.
I'll never forget the first time that I saw you.
I think that this is the first time that Tom has done that.
I think that this is the first time Tom has done that.
I'll never forget the first time that we did that together.
I think this is the first time that Tom and I've done that by ourselves.
I'll never forget the first time that we kissed each other.
I think this is the first time that Tom has done that by himself.
I'm not so sure that I like Mary as much as the first time that I saw her.
I think this is the first time that Tom has done that without help.
I'm trying to remember the first time that I met you.
I think this is the first time that Tom has done that.
I've had a crush on you since the first time that I met you.
I'll always remember the first time that I saw Tom.
I've loved you since the first time that I laid eyes on you.
I'll never forget the first time that I heard Tom and Mary singing together.
I've loved you since the first time that we met.
I'll never forget the first time that I saw Tom and Mary dancing together.
It wasn't the first time that they had done it.
I'll never forget the first time that I saw Tom.
It won't be the first time that it's happened to me.
I'll never forget the first time that Tom and I did that together.
It wouldn't be the first time that it happened.
I'll never forget the first time that Tom and I did that.
This is the first time that I've ever written a letter in French.
I'll never forget the look on Tom's face the first time that he rode a horse.
This is the first time that I've heard that.
This is the first time I've heard that.
I'll never forget the look on Tom's face the first time that I hugged him.
That was the first time that I did that.
I've been thinking about the first time that I met Tom.
That was the first time that I ever did that.
It's not the first time that Tom has done something like that.
That was the first time that I got on a plane.
Tom didn't like Mary the first time that he met her.
Tom didn't like Mary the first time he met her.
That was the first time that I had ever driven a car.
Tom fell in love with Mary the first time that she met him.
Tom fell in love with Mary the first time she met him.
That was the first time that I tried doing that.
That was the first time that I ever saw Tom doing that.
That was the first time that I tried to do that.
That was the first time that I helped Tom do that.
That was the first time that I'd ever done that.
That was the first time that I met Tom.
That was the first time that I'd ever eaten Chinese food.
That was the first time that I was ever alone with Tom.
That was the first time that I'd ever seen anybody do that.
That was the first time that I'd ever lied to Tom.
That was the first time that I'd ever seen anybody ride a unicycle.
That was the first time that I'd ever seen Tom dance.
That was the first time that I'd ever seen you do that.
That was the first time that I'd ever seen Tom do that.
That's not the first time that you've told me that.
That was the first time that I'd seen Tom dance.
The first time that I held my girlfriend's hand was on the school bus.
The first time I held my girlfriend's hand was on the school bus.
That was the first time that I'd seen Tom so angry.
The first time that I read this book was when I was in high school.
That was the first time that Tom ever kissed me.
The first time that you meet people, you should be careful about how near you stand to them.
That was the first time that Tom ever went to Boston.
This is also the first time that I've been to this area.
That was the first time that Tom had ever been injured.
This is the first time that I have seen a Spielberg movie.
That was the first time that Tom had ever been kissed.
The first time that I met Tom, he was only thirteen years old.
This is the first time that I've baked a cake.
The first time that I met Tom, he was only thirteen.
The first time I met Tom, he was only thirteen.
This is the first time that I've been away from my family for more than three weeks.
The first time that I saw Tom, he was sitting on a bench in the park near my home.
This is the first time that I've been here.
The first time that Tom did that was three years ago.
This is the first time that I've been in this building.
The first time that Tom did that was when he was thirteen years old.
The first time Tom did that was when he was thirteen years old.
This is the first time that I've bought a newspaper in this city.
The first time that Tom did that was when he was thirteen.
This is the first time that I've cut my finger with a knife.
This is the first time that I've done this.
This is the first time that I've ever seen Tom do that.
This is the first time that I've driven a car.
This is the first time that I've ever seen Tom smile.
This is the first time that I've ever been to Boston.
This is the first time that I've ever seen Tom wearing jeans.
This is the first time that I've ever done anything like this.
This is the first time that I've invited Tom to one of my parties.
This is the first time that I've ever done this.
This is the first time that Tom has been in love.
This is the first time that I've ever eaten in an Italian pizzeria.
This is the first time that Tom has ever been in Boston.
This is the first time that I've ever eaten store-bought cookies.
This is the first time that Tom has ever been late.
This is the first time that I've ever had to wait this long.
This is the first time that Tom has ever been on a plane.
This is the first time that I've ever seen anybody do that.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about that.
This is the first time that I've ever seen anyone do that.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the cold.
This is the first time that I've ever seen you do that.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the food.
This is the first time that I've ever sung with a band.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the heat.
This is the first time that I've fried an egg.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the noise.
This is the first time that I've had seaweed.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the smell.
This is the first time that I've heard about it.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the weather.
This is the first time that I've heard about this.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained.
This is the first time that I've heard that word.
This is the first time that Tom has ever done this.
This is the first time that I've invited Mary.
This is the first time that Tom has ever sung with our band.
This is the first time that I've killed a mouse.
This is the first time that I've locked the door.
This isn't the first time that Tom has been late.
This is the first time that I've lost my keys.
This isn't the first time that Tom has broken a bone.
This is the first time that I've paid a fine.
This isn't the first time that Tom has lied.
This is the first time that I've parked my car in the woods.
This was the first time that Tom had ever seen a demolition derby.
This is the first time that I've played this game.
Today was the first time that I ever saw Tom smile.
This is the first time that I've read a book in Chinese.
Tom and I are good friends now, but we didn't like each other the first time that we met.
This is the first time that I've ridden a horse.
Tom can still remember the first time that he talked to Mary.
This is the first time that I've seen anything like this.
Tom didn't like beer the first time that he tried it.
This is the first time that I've seen this animal.
Tom didn't like coffee the first time that he tried it.
This is the first time that I've sent flowers to Mary.
Tom didn't like sushi the first time that he tried it.
This is the first time that I've set a trap.
Tom doesn't remember the first time that he met Mary.
This is the first time that I've smoked.
Tom doesn't think this is the first time that Mary has tried to do that.
This is the first time that I've swum in a lake.
Tom fell in love with Mary the first time that he met her.
This is the first time that I've waited this long.
Tom fell in love with Mary the first time that he saw her.
This is the first time that I've written a letter in German.
Tom knew it probably wasn't the first time that Mary had done that.
This is the first time that I've written anything in French.
Tom says this is the first time that he's tried doing that.
This is the first time that we've ever talked about this, isn't it?
Tom says this is the first time that he's tried to do that.
This is the first time that we've ever tried doing it this way.
Tom was a junior high school student the first time that I met him.
This is the first time that we've given a concert in Boston.
Tom wasn't wearing his favorite cap the first time that I met him.
This is the first time that we've tried this approach.
Was that the first time that Tom kissed Mary?
This is the first time that you've done this, isn't it?
When was the first time that Tom did that?
This is the first time that you've talked back to me.
When was the first time that Tom kissed you?
This isn't the first time that I've done this.
When was the first time that you met Tom?
When was the first time you met Tom?
This isn't the first time that I've ridden a bicycle.
Yesterday was the first time that I had spoken to Tom in French.
This isn't the first time that it's snowed in Boston on Christmas Day.
Yesterday was the first time that Tom had ever played in front of an audience.
This isn't the first time that this has happened to me.
You know it wasn't the first time that Tom did that, don't you?
This isn't the first time that this has happened to us.
Was that the first time that you rode a horse?
Was that the first time that you were arrested?
We've spoken French together since the first time that we met.
Were you afraid the first time that you were on an airplane?
When was the first time that you came here?
When was the first time that you did that?
When was the first time that you played poker?
When was the first time that you saw snow?
You knew it wasn't the first time that I had done that, didn't you?
You seemed shy the first time that I met you.
You were skinny the first time that I met you.
Sami talked about some spooky things.
Sami has filmed a video.
Sami loves the website for its scary stories.
Sami's stories are pretty fricking creepy.
Sami's grandmother died when he was six.
Sami woke up and walked into his parents' bedroom.
Sami just wanted to say goodbye.
Sami walked into the closet.
Sami closed the door behind him.
Sami said he knew.
Sami repeated the story three times.
Sami never told his father that story.
Sami lost his memory.
Sami didn't hear Layla singing.
Sami heard Layla singing.
Sami saw the ball game.
Sami was out for six days.
Sami has a little dog.
Sami's dog was barking at the back door.
Sami started to get a little creeped out.
Sami was talking about his girlfriend.
Sami saw a coyote.
Sami's dog started barking at the window.
Sami heard someone singing a soft eerie lullaby.
Sami cleaned up the house.
Sami wondered what was going around in that house.
Sami never sold his car.
Sami sold Layla's car after she died.
Sami can't drive at night.
Sami heard someone say "Get out!"
Sami and Layla continued their conversation.
Sami heard the exact same thing that I did.
Sami is the former owner.
Sami was hearing a weird noise.
Sami remembered having a friend named Farid.
Sami loved my mom.
Sami didn't want to meet Layla's mom.
Sami had to leave.
Sami told Layla he had to leave.
Sami had a sister named Layla.
Sami thought that was probably a coincidence.
Sami still remembers everything about Layla.
Sami's story scared the living crap out of Layla.
Sami's kitchen was renovated.
Sami was training.
Sami constantly felt like someone was watching him.
Sami is my co-worker.
Sami's co-worker left.
Sami switched the radio to a different station.
Sami said hi to Layla.
Sami replaced me.
Sami moved into a new house.
Sami moved into this house a few months ago.
Sami died in the living room.
Sami started talking to the ghost that lived in his house.
Sami is reading that book.
Sami is standing in the corner.
Sami wanted to make Layla happier.
Sami said he could see the ghost and talk to him.
Sami wanted to sing Layla happy birthday.
Sami was birthday-obsessed.
Sami said it was Layla's birthday.
Sami can see things that Layla can't.
Sami was talking to the ghost that lived in his house.
Sami's father passed away before he was born.
Sami didn't think much of it.
Sami responded.
Sami comes to talk to Layla until she falls asleep sometimes.
Sami got out of the room.
Sami worked the night shift.
Sami works for a religious organization.
Sami buried the baby in the garden.
Sami lived in a huge, dark and creepy building.
Sami's blood ran cold.
Sami told Layla to get out of his room.
Sami asked Layla to leave his room.
Sami knew what he was seeing.
Sami never heard Layla.
Sami's body was frozen.
Sami was walking towards me.
Layla was in a white dress.
Sami had to move into a smaller house.
Sami overdosed on pills and died.
Sami and Layla were sharing a room.
Sami knocked on our door.
Sami didn't hear any knock on the door.
Sami got up and opened the door.
Sami and Layla were the only other people in the house.
Sami and Layla were both fast asleep.
Sami's kids need to get their butts in bed.
Sami was in the master bedroom.
Sami was watching Layla sleep.
Sami is watching Layla.
Sami never forget what Layla said.
Sami was in a particularly deep sleep.
Sami is messing with Layla again.
Sami will never forget that sound.
Sami has never believed Layla.
Sami is a farmer.
Sami was very excited to be rid of that car.
Sami works here alone.
Sami was working there alone.
Sami heard bumps and thuds.
Sami heard the slam.
Sami's door wasn't closed.
Sami's door was not closed.
Sami was on the other side of the door.
Sami froze.
Sami disengaged the latch.
Sami was quiet.
Sami couldn't breathe.
Sami's door slammed.
Sami ran.
Sami didn't believe anything.
Sami thought the house had something weird about it.
Sami heard the screetching.
Sami was emboldened by his father's presence.
Sami saw nothing out of the ordinary.
Sami's doors were locked.
Sami's car was locked.
Sami grabbed the baseball bat.
Sami saw a handprint on the ceiling.
Sami hasn't been here for years.
Sami couldn't believe that this was a robot.
Sami is moving.
Sami never returned.
Sami doesn't know what actually happened.
Sami has no idea how this happened.
Sami is filming now.
Sami decided to film this.
Sami is super bored tonight.
Sami was super bored that night.
Sami tried to watch a movie but he was just so bored.
Sami wouldn't normally wear this.
Sami is going to wear this.
Sami never wears anything blue.
Sami doesn't have a guest room.
Sami really still loves Cairo.
Sami is surrounded by his family in this neighborhood.
Sami loves greenery and nature.
Sami loves Cairo.
Sami loves being here.
Sami loves living in Cairo.
Sami is happy to be here.
Sami is drinking water.
Sami ready some terrifying horror stories.
Sami was alone in the house.
Sami kept saying hello but nobody answered.
Sami's house creeped me out.
Sami said hello again.
Sami has so many pets.
Sami has a little zoo at home.
Sami hates bad weather.
Sami turned off the TV and ran to bed.
Sami turned off his TV.
Sami was writing an article.
Sami was reading the article.
Sami's story is truly terrifying.
Sami heard his dog growling.
Sami went to investigate.
Sami's flashlight wasn't enough to light up the whole yeard.
Sami was fast asleep.
Sami doesn't believe in the paranormal.
Sami still can't explain this.
Sami's room was the only one that had an attic access.
Sami got into the attic.
Sami has moved in.
Sami inspected the attic.
Sami forgot to close the attic.
Sami tried to shut the door.
Sami was trying really hard to visualize that.
Sami always had sleep paralysis as a kid.
Sami had sleep paralysis a lot when he was a kid.
Sami didn't even know what to wear for the event.
Sami found a handprint outside of his window.
Sami is working on his laptop.
Sami is reading from his computer.
Sami gave no explanation.
Sami has just said that.
Sami loves alien stories.
Sami loves this.
Sami took us to see that tree.
Sami sat in the middle seat.
Sami got quiet.
Sami obviously freaked out.
Sami saw it again.
Sami saw the ghost going up in the air.
Sami found this interesting.
Sami did an entire video on that.
Sami read the next story.
Sami doesn't even smoke.
Sami doesn't even drink coffee.
Sami had a cigarette in his mouth.
Sami started coughing.
Sami had absolutely no idea what had happened.
Sami started smoking.
Sami threw the cigarette away.
Sami was telling the truth.
Sami sells stuffed animals.
Sami was in Mom's tummy.
Sami, too, was in Mom's tummy.
Sami never spoke of it since.
Sami doesn't know what he's talking about.
Sami spent the whole day talking about that.
Sami saw a car parked there.
Sami was well dressed.
Sami was staring straight ahead.
Sami wrote a new story.
Sami looked identical to Farid.
Sami looks like you.
Sami moved to a different part of town.
Sami didn't even take Layla's order.
I'm sorry, but I forgot to do my homework.
Are you sorry you weren't there?
Aren't you sorry you weren't there?
I sorry I wasn't as careful as I should've been.
I'm not sorry I did this.
I'm really sorry I lied to you.
I'm sorry I acted like a jerk.
I'm sorry I can't be who you want me to be.
I'm sorry I can't come today.
I'm sorry I can't help you today.
I'm sorry I can't meet you tonight.
I'm sorry I couldn't assist you.
I'm sorry I couldn't do anything to help.
I'm sorry I couldn't go with Tom.
I'm sorry that I couldn't go with Tom.
I'm sorry I couldn't live up to your expectations.
I'm sorry I cried.
I'm sorry I did it.
I'm sorry I did that without you.
I'm sorry I didn't email you sooner.
I'm sorry I didn't get here on time.
I'm sorry I didn't reply sooner.
I'm sorry I forgot to remind you to do that.
I'm sorry I haven't been able to be here for you like I should've been.
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to be here for you like I should've been.
I'm sorry I haven't been able to be here for you.
I'm sorry I haven't written to you for such a long time.
I'm sorry that I haven't written to you for such a long time.
I'm sorry I haven't written to you in such a long time.
I'm sorry that I haven't written to you in such a long time.
I'm sorry I lied to you yesterday.
I'm sorry I made Tom cry.
I'm sorry I made you stop doing that.
I'm sorry I missed this morning's staff meeting.
I'm sorry I missed your call.
I'm sorry I said such mean things about you and Tom.
I'm sorry that I was late.
I'm sorry I've made you so unhappy.
I'm sorry I've troubled you so much.
I'm sorry that I've troubled you so much.
I'm sorry it has taken me so long to write to you..
I'm sorry that it has taken me so long to write to you..
I'm sorry that that happened to you.
I'm sorry Tom got hurt.
I'm sorry Tom is sick.
I'm sorry Tom wasn't able the conference.
I'm sorry that Tom wasn't able the conference.
I'm sorry you and Tom had a fight.
I'm sorry you can't come this evening.
I'm sorry you can't join us.
I'm sorry you couldn't come with us.
I'm sorry you didn't sleep well.
I'm sorry you don't understand.
I'm sorry you had trouble finding our house.
I'm sorry you weren't able to sleep much last night.
I'm sorry you're leaving here.
I'm sorry that you're leaving here.
I'm sorry you've been badly injured.
Tom is sorry he caused you trouble.
Tom is sorry that he caused you trouble.
Tom is sorry it happened.
Tom says he's sorry he caused you trouble.
We are very sorry your order was damaged.
We're sorry it happened.
I'm sorry that I didn't answer sooner.
I'm sorry that I didn't believe you.
I'm sorry that I didn't buy that for you.
I'm sorry that I didn't call last night.
I'm sorry that I didn't call sooner.
I'm sorry that I didn't call.
I'm sorry that I didn't come by last night.
I'm sorry that I didn't do that for you.
I'm sorry that I didn't do what you asked.
I'm sorry that I didn't get a chance to talk with you yesterday.
I'm sorry that I didn't get back to you sooner. I've been snowed under at work lately.
I'm sorry that I didn't get you anything.
I'm sorry that I didn't have the opportunity to say goodbye to Tom.
I'm sorry that I didn't help you do that.
I'm sorry that I didn't keep my promise.
I'm sorry that I didn't let you do that.
I'm sorry that I didn't let you drive.
I'm sorry that I didn't make it to your party.
I'm sorry that I didn't make myself clear.
I'm sorry that I didn't notice that you needed help.
I'm sorry that I didn't quite catch what you said.
I'm sorry that I didn't reply to you sooner.
I'm sorry that I didn't return your call right away.
I'm sorry that I didn't tell you.
I'm sorry that I didn't trust you.
I'm sorry I am unable to attend your party.
I'm sorry that I have imposed so much on you.
I'm sorry I have imposed so much on you.
I'm sorry that I acted like a child last night.
I'm sorry that I am late, but there's been a lot of work to do.
I'm sorry that I asked.
I'm sorry that I behaved like a lunatic.
I'm sorry that I bit you.
I'm sorry that I broke your antique lamp.
I'm sorry that I brought it up.
I'm sorry that I called you a liar.
I'm sorry that I called you names.
I'm sorry that I came to Boston.
I'm sorry that I can't be of more help to you.
I'm sorry that I can't be of more help.
I'm sorry that I can't go with you today.
I'm sorry that I can't go with you.
I'm sorry that I can't go.
I'm sorry that I can't help you now. I'm busy.
I'm sorry that I can't help you.
I'm sorry that I can't help.
I'm sorry that I can't tell you more about it.
I'm sorry that I can't tell you more.
I'm sorry that I canceled our date last night.
I'm sorry that I cannot go with you.
I'm sorry that I couldn't be here yesterday.
I'm sorry that I couldn't be more helpful.
I'm sorry that I couldn't buy that for you.
I'm sorry that I couldn't come to Tom's funeral.
I'm sorry that I couldn't do that for you.
I'm sorry that I couldn't do that.
I'm sorry that I couldn't do the job.
I'm sorry that I couldn't get to you sooner.
I'm sorry that I couldn't help Tom.
I'm sorry that I couldn't help you yesterday.
I'm sorry that I couldn't make it to your party last night.
I'm sorry that I couldn't meet you at the airport.
I'm sorry that I couldn't write to you sooner.
I'm sorry that I disappointed you.
I'm sorry that I don't agree with you on that matter.
I'm sorry that I don't have my watch with me.
I'm sorry that I dragged you into this.
I'm sorry that I even tried.
I'm sorry that I forced you to do that.
I'm sorry that I forgot to show Tom how to do that.
I'm sorry that I forgot to show you how to do that.
I'm sorry that I forgot to tell Tom how to do that.
I'm sorry that I forgot to tell Tom what day the concert was.
I'm sorry that I forgot to tell Tom what to do.
I'm sorry that I forgot to tell you how to do that.
I'm sorry that I forgot to wake you up.
I'm sorry that I frightened you.
I'm sorry that I gave you a hard time.
I'm sorry that I got mad.
I'm sorry that I got you in trouble.
I'm sorry that I got you into this.
I'm sorry that I got you involved in this.
I'm sorry that I got you mixed up in this.
I'm sorry that I had to cancel my appointment.
I'm sorry that I had to cancel our date.
I'm sorry that I had to do that.
I'm sorry that I had to leave you alone.
I'm sorry that I had to lie to you.
I'm sorry that I have a previous appointment.
I'm sorry that I have kept you waiting so long.
I'm sorry that I have no pencil to write with.
I'm sorry that I have to go.
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to give you my cousin's contact info.
I'm sorry that I haven't called you in a while.
I'm sorry that I hit you.
I'm sorry that I hugged Tom.
I'm sorry that I hurt Tom.
I'm sorry that I hurt your feelings.
I'm sorry that I interrupted you.
I'm sorry that I jumped to conclusions.
I'm sorry that I kept you waiting.
I'm sorry that I left without you.
I'm sorry that I let everyone down.
I'm sorry that I let you down.
I'm sorry that I lied to you before.
I'm sorry that I lost my temper and said rude things.
I'm sorry that I lost my temper.
I'm sorry that I made you cry yesterday.
I'm sorry that I made you do that for me.
I'm sorry that I made you wait so long.
I'm sorry that I made you worry.
I'm sorry that I mentioned it.
I'm sorry that I missed the fun.
I'm sorry that I missed your birthday.
I'm sorry that I missed your concert.
I'm sorry that I missed your party last Friday.
I'm sorry that I missed your party.
I'm sorry that I misunderstood you.
I'm sorry that I opened my mouth.
I'm sorry that I opened your mail by mistake.
I'm sorry that I ruined your party.
I'm sorry that I ruined your wedding.
I'm sorry that I said anything.
I'm sorry that I said that.
I'm sorry that I shot you.
I'm sorry that I startled you.
I'm sorry that I stepped on your foot.
I'm sorry that I told them anything at all.
I'm sorry that I told you.
I'm sorry that I took so long.
I'm sorry that I waited for so long.
I'm sorry that I was late for class today.
I'm sorry that I was late this morning.
I'm sorry that I was late. It won't happen again.
I'm sorry that I was rude before.
I'm sorry that I was rude to you.
I'm sorry that I was so hard on you before.
I'm sorry that I was so mean.
I'm sorry that I was so rude to you.
I'm sorry that I was so rude to your sister.
I'm sorry that I was so rude.
I'm sorry that I was so slow.
I'm sorry that I wasn't able to be here yesterday.
I'm sorry that I wasn't able to do that for you.
I'm sorry that I wasn't able to help you do that.
I'm sorry that I wasn't able to help you yesterday.
I'm sorry that I wasn't able to help you.
I'm sorry that I wasn't able to see you when you came by today.
I'm sorry that I wasn't there today.
I'm sorry that I wasted so much money.
I'm sorry that I wasted your time.
I'm sorry that I went to Boston.
I'm sorry that I woke you up.
I'm sorry that I woke you.
I'm sorry that I yelled at Tom.
I'm sorry that I yelled at you yesterday.
I'm sorry that I yelled at you.
I'm sorry that I'm calling you at work.
I'm sorry that I'm late replying to your email.
I'm sorry that I'm late.
I'm sorry that I'm late. I overslept.
I'm sorry that I'm late. It won't happen again.
I'm sorry that I'm late. My alarm didn't go off.
I'm sorry that I'm so late.
I'm sorry that I'm so stupid.
I'm sorry that I'm such a big disappointment to you.
I'm sorry that I'm such a huge disappointment to you.
I'm sorry that I've caused so many problems.
I'm sorry that I've kept you waiting so long.
I'm very sorry that I got home so late.
I'm very sorry that I kissed Tom.
I'm very sorry that I lied to Tom.
I'm very sorry that I lied.
I'm very sorry that I voted for Tom.
I'm very sorry that your father died.
You'll be sorry that you did that.
You'll be sorry that you didn't do that.
You'll be very sorry that you didn't do that.
Tom is going to be sorry that he did that.
Tom is going to be sorry that he didn't do that.
Tom is going to be very sorry that he did that.
Tom is going to be very sorry that he didn't do that.
Tom is sorry that he got caught.
Tom says he's sorry that he didn't call.
I'm sorry that we're late, but we were caught up in the five o'clock traffic.
Tell Tom I'm sorry that I wasn't able to be at his birthday party.
I'm so sorry that I missed you guys when you came to Boston.
I'm so sorry I missed you guys when you came to Boston.
I'm sorry that things didn't work out between you and Tom.
I'm really sorry that everything happened the way it did.
I'm sorry that things didn't work out between you two.
Look, I'm sorry that I didn't tell you, but I forgot.
I'm sorry that you didn't get a chance to meet Tom.
I'm sorry that you had to get dragged into this.
I'm sorry that you drew the short straw on this.
I'm awfully sorry that I made fun of your hair.
We were very sorry that we couldn't help them.
I'm sorry that you had to do this by yourself.
I'm sorry that you got dragged into this mess.
I'm sorry that we have to ask you such things.
We're sorry that we weren't able to help you.
I'm sorry that you got dragged into all this.
Are you still sorry that you didn't do that?
We're sorry that we jumped to conclusions.
I'm sorry that you didn't enjoy the party.
I'm sorry that it had to be done this way.
I'm real sorry that I wasn't able to help.
Look, Tom, I'm sorry that I bothered you.
I'm sorry that you got dragged into this.
I'm sorry that this had to happen to you.
I'm sorry that Tom had to leave so early.
I'm awfully sorry that I've made you cry.
We're sorry that we've kept you waiting.
Tell Tom I'm sorry that I made you late.
I'm very sorry that I came home so late.
I'm sorry that we dragged you into this.
I'm sorry that we can't stay any longer.
Listen, I'm sorry that we bothered you.
I'm sorry that things didn't work out.
I'm sorry that it worked out this way.
I'm really sorry that I told you that.
Are you sorry that you didn't do that?
Look, Tom, I'm sorry that I intruded.
Look, Tom, I'm sorry that I hurt you.
I'm sorry that it happened like this.
I'm sorry that Tom isn't coming back.
I'm so sorry that this has happened.
We're sorry that we can't help you.
Tell Tom I'm sorry that I hurt him.
I'm sorry that you had to see that.
Aren't you sorry that you did that?
I'm sorry that you had to do that.
I'm sorry that it happened at all.
I'm sorry that you're leaving us.
I'm sorry that you feel that way.
I'm sorry that this took so long.
I'm just sorry that it happened.
Are you sorry that you did that?
I'm sorry that it took so long.
I'm sorry that Tom wasn't here.
I'm sorry that you can't stay.
I'm sorry that you got fired.
I'm sorry that we can't come.
I'm so sorry that I hurt you.
I'm not sorry that I'm late.
I'm sorry that you're sick.
I'm sorry that we're late.
I'm sorry that kissed Tom.
I'm sorry kissed Tom.
I'm sorry that you lost.
I've been thinking it might be fun to go to Boston and visit Tom.
I've heard Tom is planning to move to Boston.
I've got a feeling that Tom is still here in Boston.
I've been told that Tom is still in Boston.
I had no doubt Tom would do what we asked.
I have no doubt Tom will succeed.
I have no doubt that Tom will succeed.
I kind of doubt that actually happened.
I really doubt Tom would be interested in investing in such a project.
There isn't any doubt Tom did that.
There isn't any doubt Tom will do that for us.
There's no doubt Tom likes doing that.
There's no doubt that Tom likes doing that.
There's no doubt Tom was murdered.
There's no doubt that Tom was murdered.
There's no doubt I couldn't do that without your help.
There's no doubt that I couldn't do that without your help.
There's no doubt Tom will visit Australia this summer.
There's no doubt that Tom will visit Australia this summer.
There's no doubt Tom did that.
There's no doubt Tom didn't do that.
There's no doubt Tom hasn't done that.
There's no doubt Tom is lying about it.
There's no doubt Tom loved Mary.
There's no doubt Tom poisoned Mary.
There's no doubt Tom will do that for us.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary will cry.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary will come to the party.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary will arrive on time.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary was the one who did that.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary has done that.
Tom didn't doubt there would be a lot of people there.
You should invite Tom to your party, but I doubt he'll come.
Well, of course, I would never doubt my coach is right.
Tom says that he'll come tomorrow, but I doubt he'll actually show up.
Tom says he'll come tomorrow, but I doubt he'll actually show up.
Do you doubt Tom will win?
Do you doubt that Tom will win?
I don't doubt Tom has done that.
I don't doubt Tom is sincere.
I don't doubt that Tom is sincere.
I don't doubt Tom was the one who did that.
I don't doubt Tom will arrive on time.
I don't doubt Tom will come here.
I don't doubt that Tom will come here.
I don't doubt Tom will do that.
I don't doubt Tom will help me.
I don't doubt that Tom will help me.
I don't doubt Tom will win.
I doubt can do that, but I'll try.
I doubt that can do that, but I'll try.
I doubt I can do everything by myself.
I doubt I can prove that Tom did that.
I doubt I can prove that Tom didn't do that.
I doubt I could do that.
I doubt I'll get a chance to do that.
I doubt it'll snow tomorrow.
I doubt it's possible.
I doubt our new boss will be any worse than the old one.
I doubt that that'll ever change.
I doubt that that'll work.
I doubt that that's just a coincidence.
I doubt that that's what really happened.
I doubt Tom and Mary are still married.
I doubt Tom can do that.
I doubt Tom can help you.
I doubt Tom can swim.
I doubt Tom can take care of himself.
I doubt Tom can wait much longer.
I doubt Tom can win.
I doubt Tom could do that by himself.
I doubt Tom could do that.
I doubt Tom could get home by himself.
I doubt Tom could make a speech in public.
I doubt that Tom could make a speech in public.
I doubt Tom did that on purpose.
I doubt Tom ever said that.
I doubt Tom had any enemies.
I doubt Tom had to sell his car in order to raise money for medical expenses.
I doubt Tom has actually done that.
I doubt Tom has any enemies.
I doubt Tom has finished his homework.
I doubt Tom has the confidence to do that.
I doubt Tom has the courage to cross the picket line.
I doubt Tom has the courage to do what really needs to be done.
I doubt Tom has the courage to stand up for what he believes in.
I doubt Tom is busy.
I doubt Tom is doing that now.
I doubt Tom is even interested in trying to learn Russian.
I doubt Tom is guilty.
I doubt Tom is happy with his new job.
I doubt Tom is happy.
I doubt Tom is innocent.
I doubt Tom is still afraid.
I doubt Tom is still alive.
I doubt Tom is still alone.
I doubt Tom is still angry.
I doubt Tom is still asleep.
I doubt Tom is still awake.
I doubt Tom is still busy.
I doubt Tom is still cold.
I doubt Tom is still desperate to do that.
I doubt Tom is still doing that.
I doubt Tom is still downstairs.
I doubt Tom is still home.
I doubt Tom is still homeless.
I doubt Tom is still homesick.
I doubt Tom is still hungry.
I doubt Tom is still in Boston.
I doubt Tom is still interested in doing that.
I doubt Tom is still mad.
I doubt Tom is still married.
I doubt Tom is still nervous.
I doubt Tom is still poor.
I doubt Tom is still scared.
I doubt Tom is still single.
I doubt Tom is still sleepy.
I doubt Tom is still tired.
I doubt Tom is still unbeatable.
I doubt Tom is still unconscious.
I doubt Tom is still unemployed.
I doubt Tom is still unmarried.
I doubt Tom is still up.
I doubt Tom is still worried.
I doubt Tom is very hungry.
I doubt Tom knew that Mary was already married.
I doubt Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I doubt Tom loves you.
I doubt that Tom loves you.
I doubt Tom meant any harm by it.
I doubt Tom meant any harm.
I doubt Tom planned to spend so much time on that project.
I doubt Tom really did that.
I doubt Tom really intended to do that or not.
I doubt Tom really meant what he said.
I doubt Tom understands French.
I doubt Tom understands what I tried to tell him.
I doubt Tom understands what we're talking about.
I doubt Tom was ever in any real danger.
I doubt Tom will be able figure out how to do that.
I doubt Tom will be able to seal the deal.
I doubt Tom will be arrested for doing that.
I doubt Tom will be early.
I doubt Tom will be fined for doing that.
I doubt Tom will be fired for doing that.
I doubt Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I doubt Tom will be home on Monday.
I doubt Tom will be home this evening.
I doubt Tom will be home.
I doubt Tom will be punished for doing that.
I doubt Tom will be punished for what he did.
I doubt Tom will do that tomorrow.
I doubt Tom will ever come back home.
I doubt Tom will ever forget that.
I doubt Tom will ever learn how to speak French properly.
I doubt Tom will ever leave Mary.
I doubt Tom will forget that.
I doubt Tom will get here on time.
I doubt Tom will like that.
I doubt Tom will run for president.
I doubt Tom will tell Mary what really happened.
I doubt Tom will wait much longer.
I doubt Tom will want to go to Boston with you.
I doubt Tom would behave in the way you suggested he did.
I doubt Tom would do something like that.
I doubt Tom would ever consider asking Mary to marry him.
I doubt Tom would ever consider driving such a small car.
I doubt Tom would ever consider going to Australia.
I doubt Tom would ever consider going to Iraq.
I doubt Tom would ever consider leaving his wife.
I doubt Tom would ever consider selling his antique car.
I doubt Tom would ever do that kind of thing.
I doubt Tom would ever go out with Mary.
I doubt Tom would help, but you should still ask him.
I doubt Tom would remember me.
I doubt Tom would've done that for me.
I doubt we'll ever be invited back.
I doubt that'll happen today.
I doubt you are as busy as you say you are.
I doubt you can do that.
Please tell Tom that I'm sorry that happened.
This isn't my first time riding a bicycle.
I'm very sorry, but it seems that I've lost my umbrella.
I'm quite certain Tom has never been to Australia.
I'm quite certain that Tom has never been to Australia.
I'm sure Tom was in Australia at that time.
I'm sure that Tom was in Australia at that time.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be in Australia now.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't want to be in Australia now.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be in Australia next Monday.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't want to be in Australia next Monday.
I'm sure Tom has never been to Australia.
I'm sure that Tom has never been to Australia.
I'm quite sure Tom has relatives in Australia.
I'm quite sure that Tom has relatives in Australia.
I'm quite sure Tom doesn't have any relatives in Australia.
I'm quite sure that Tom doesn't have any relatives in Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom's happy in Australia.
I'm pretty sure that Tom's happy in Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom used to live in Australia.
I'm pretty sure that Tom used to live in Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom isn't in Australia now.
I'm pretty sure that Tom isn't in Australia now.
I'm pretty sure Tom is now in Australia.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is now in Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom is in Australia.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is in Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom is in Australia now.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is in Australia now.
I'm pretty sure Tom is happy in Australia.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is happy in Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom hasn't been to Australia.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't been to Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom has relatives in Australia.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has relatives in Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom has never been to Australia.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has never been to Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom has been to Australia several times.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has been to Australia several times.
I'm pretty sure Tom now lives in Australia.
I'm pretty sure that Tom now lives in Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with Mary.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with Mary.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't live in Australia anymore.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't live in Australia anymore.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't know Mary was going to be in Australia this week.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't know Mary was going to be in Australia this week.
I'm pretty sure neither Tom nor Mary has ever been to Australia.
I'm pretty sure that neither Tom nor Mary has ever been to Australia.
I'm glad you were able to go to Australia with Tom.
I'm glad that you were able to go to Australia with Tom.
I'm glad Tom was able to see you while you were in Australia.
I'm glad that Tom was able to see you while you were in Australia.
I'm glad Tom is in Australia with us.
I'm glad that Tom is in Australia with us.
I'm pretty certain Tom is in Australia now.
I'm pretty certain that Tom is in Australia now.
I'm not surprised Tom went to Australia.
I'm not surprised that Tom went to Australia.
I'm going to teach one of Tom's French classes while he's in Australia.
I can't wait to go back to Australia.
I'm not going to be able to go to Australia with Tom tomorrow.
I couldn't go to Australia last year.
I'm not sure whether Tom has ever been to Australia or not.
I can have you sent back to Australia.
I'm not certain Tom is the one we should send to Australia.
I can't come to Australia this summer.
I'm really going to miss Tom when he moves to Australia.
I decided not to go back to Australia.
I'm not going to let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I can never go back to Australia again.
I'm not sure if Tom is still in Australia or not.
I can't make it to Australia this year.
I'm looking forward to visiting Tom in Australia.
I certainly am going to miss Australia.
I'm not sure when Tom will leave for Australia.
I come to Australia about once a month.
I'm not sure when Tom got back from Australia.
I come to Australia three times a year.
I'm going to Australia next week to visit Tom.
I couldn't visit Australia last summer.
I'm going to take Tom to Australia with me.
I didn't have any friends in Australia.
I'm not going to go to Australia with Tom.
I can't come to Australia until October.
I'm not from Australia and neither is Tom.
I did that in Australia three years ago.
I'm supposed to go to Australia with Tom.
I didn't go to Australia last Christmas.
I'm sending Tom to Australia to help you.
I can't wait to see you all in Australia.
I'm not going to let Tom go to Australia.
I couldn't live in Australia without you.
I'm going to Australia with Tom tomorrow.
I can't leave Australia until next Monday.
I'm not sure when Tom came to Australia.
I can't go to Australia with you next week.
I'm going to stay with Tom in Australia.
I didn't go to Australia last month either.
I'm going to go to Australia to see Tom.
I didn't have a place to stay in Australia.
I'm sending Tom to school in Australia.
I didn't have to go to Australia last week.
I'm going to visit Tom in Australia.
I can't believe I'm going back to Australia.
I'm going to Australia to visit Tom.
I didn't come to Australia at all last year.
I'm going to Australia to see Tom.
I can't remember when you moved to Australia.
I'm going with Tom to Australia.
I can stay in Australia for about three weeks.
I'm going to Australia with Tom.
I can't get back to Australia until next Monday.
I'm here in Australia with Tom.
I can't go to Australia until after next Monday.
Sami said he saw his grandfather's doppelgranger.
Sami doesn't have a twin.
Sami has a permit that allows him to drive in this area.
Sami was pulled over by a state trooper.
Sami woke everyone up.
Sami was fully awake.
Sami thought it was over.
I did that all the time when I lived in Australia.
I decided to stay a couple extra days in Australia.
I didn't intend to spend so much time in Australia.
I didn't do that very often when I was in Australia.
I didn't have to stay in Australia as long as I did.
I can think of cheaper places to visit than Australia.
I certainly didn't expect to see you here in Australia.
I couldn't find work in Australia, so I came back home.
I didn't have to pay for the plane ticket to Australia.
I couldn't do that last week because I was in Australia.
I could be in Australia next Monday if you need me there.
I could come to Australia next week if you need me there.
I didn't come all the way from Australia just to do this.
I can't say for sure how many times I've been to Australia.
I can't think of any place I'd rather be than in Australia.
I could be in Australia next week if it's really necessary.
I could stay here in Australia until next Monday, I suppose.
I can think of more interesting places to visit than Australia.
I couldn't be at the meeting last week because I was in Australia.
I can't go to Australia with you because I don't have enough money.
I can't remember the name of the girl I met last week in Australia.
I could stay in Australia for another two or three weeks if you need me here.
I could've stayed in Australia for a couple of more days, but I didn't want to.
Sami didn't see anyone else on the road.
Sami slept over a lot.
Sami bent over and picked the phone up.
Sami tried to look at Layla.
National fibre-optic network project has started.
Sami drove through the meadow.
Sami was apprehensive as he approachd the door.
Sami is not very tall.
Sami isn't very tall.
Sami couldn't see what Layla was looking at.
Sami knew that there was someone in the tent.
Sami camped in a remote please.
Sami didn't hear any sound coming from the tent.
Sami never replies.
Sami found a body in the tent.
Sami was walking through the trees.
Sami collected some wood.
Sami was completely on edge.
Sami got out of here.
Sami ran back to his truck.
Sami left the camera on the passenger seat.
Sami was driving across the meadow.
Sami was attempting to turn around.
Sami was very terrified.
Sami called the state police.
Sami received a call from the police.
Sami never returned to that area.
Sami doesn't intented to return to that area.
Sami found this really weird.
Sami started getting anxiety.
Sami should read this.
Sami loved Layla's dimples.
I admit I've never actually been to Australia.
I admit that I've never actually been to Australia.
I'm fairly sure Tom is in Australia now.
I'm fairly sure that Tom is in Australia now.
I came to Australia three years ago and I've been living here ever since.
I came to Australia three years ago and have been living here ever since.
I would've never guessed Tom was from Australia.
I would've never guessed that Tom was from Australia.
I assume you still live in Australia.
I assume that you still live in Australia.
I almost wish I were going to Australia with you.
I almost wish that I were going to Australia with you.
I admit I've never been to Australia.
I admit that I've never been to Australia.
How was Australia?
I wonder whether Tom wants to go to Australia or not.
I call Australia home.
I wonder whether Tom stayed in Australia last summer.
How's life in Australia?
I wonder whether Tom really wants to go to Australia.
I also visited Australia.
I wonder whether Tom is going to Australia next week.
I also went to Australia.
I wonder whether Tom will be in Australia next year.
I bought this in Australia.
I wonder if Tom wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
I came here from Australia.
I wonder if Tom wanted to go to Australia with us.
I agreed to go to Australia.
I wonder why Tom doesn't want to go to Australia.
I came to Australia in 2013.
I wonder whether or not Tom will go to Australia.
How will you go to Australia?
I wonder whether Tom will really go to Australia.
I came to Australia ages ago.
I wonder whether Tom will go to Australia or not.
How will you get to Australia?
I wonder if Tom wants to go to Australia with us.
I bought a house in Australia.
I wonder whether or not Tom will like Australia.
I came to Australia last year.
I wonder whether Tom will like Australia or not.
How well do you know Australia?
I wonder whether Tom has ever been to Australia.
I also plan to visit Australia.
I wonder if Tom stayed in Australia last summer.
I attended school in Australia.
I wonder if Tom really wants to go to Australia.
I bought a ticket to Australia.
I worked with Tom for three years in Australia.
I bought this hat in Australia.
I wonder whether or not Tom has left Australia.
I came to Australia last month.
I wonder whether Tom has really left Australia.
I almost didn't visit Australia.
I wonder whether Tom has left Australia or not.
I arrived in Australia recently.
I wonder if Tom will go to Australia next week.
I also have a house in Australia.
I wonder if Tom will be in Australia next year.
I arrived in Australia on Monday.
I wonder if Tom will be in Australia next week.
I arrived in Australia yesterday.
I wonder whether or not Tom went to Australia.
I always enjoy visiting Australia.
I wonder whether Tom went to Australia or not.
I bought this jacket in Australia.
I wonder whether Tom wants to go to Australia.
I always wanted to go to Australia.
I wonder whether Tom still lives in Australia.
I came back to Australia last year.
I wonder whether Tom really went to Australia.
I came to Australia three years ago.
I wonder when Tom will come back to Australia.
I came to Australia looking for work.
I wonder when Tom will be going to Australia.
I came to Australia three months ago.
I wouldn't want to go to Australia with Tom.
I came to Australia to go to college.
I wonder whether or not Tom likes Australia.
I came to Australia to look for work.
I wonder whether or not Tom is in Australia.
I almost died when I was in Australia.
I wonder whether Tom really likes Australia.
I almost went to Australia last month.
I wonder whether Tom likes Australia or not.
I bought this in Australia last month.
I wonder whether Tom is really in Australia.
I bought this when I was in Australia.
I wonder whether Tom is in Australia or not.
I came to Australia in search of work.
I wonder what Tom is doing in Australia now.
I wonder if Tom will really go to Australia.
I almost went to Australia last summer.
I wonder why Tom wants to go to Australia.
I also stayed in Australia for a while.
I wonder whether Tom will go to Australia.
I always do that when I'm in Australia.
I wonder who'll go to Australia with Tom.
I bought a one-way ticket to Australia.
I wonder whether Tom will like Australia.
How would you like to live in Australia?
I wonder if Tom wants to go to Australia.
I already bought my ticket to Australia.
I wonder if Tom still lives in Australia.
I always do that when I go to Australia.
I wonder if Tom really went to Australia.
I actually haven't been to Australia yet.
I wonder why Tom doesn't like Australia.
I always have fun when I go to Australia.
I wonder who went to Australia with Tom.
I came to Australia to try to find a job.
I wonder who Tom went to Australia with.
How'd you like to go to Australia with us?
I wonder whether Tom has left Australia.
I almost did that when I was in Australia.
I wonder why Tom didn't like Australia.
I also lived in Australia for three years.
I wonder whether Tom went to Australia.
I bought this hat when I was in Australia.
I'd like to go to Australia with Tom.
I came back from Australia a few days ago.
I wonder why Tom stayed in Australia.
I came to Australia about three years ago.
I wonder whether Tom likes Australia.
I bought this book in Australia last month.
I wonder whether Tom is in Australia.
I bought this in Australia three weeks ago.
I wonder if Tom will go to Australia.
I came to Australia almost three years ago.
I wouldn't go to Australia with Tom.
I came to Australia to attend a conference.
I wonder if Tom will like Australia.
I almost never do that when I'm in Australia.
I wonder why Tom went to Australia.
How was the weather when you were in Australia?
I wonder why Tom came to Australia.
I almost stayed in Australia for another month.
I bought this for you while I was in Australia.
I'd hoped to see Tom in Australia.
I came to Australia just about three years ago.
I wonder if Tom went to Australia.
I began doing that when I was living in Australia.
I wonder why Tom is in Australia.
I came to Australia a little over three years ago.
How'd you like to go to Australia with us next summer?
I bought some postcards to send to my friends back in Australia.
I wonder why Tom left Australia.
I arrived in Australia three days ago, but the rest of the family won't get here until the end of next week.
How often are you in Australia?
I wonder whether or not Tom still lives in Australia.
How often do you go to Australia?
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to go to Australia.
How often do you visit Australia?
I wonder whether Tom really wanted to go to Australia.
How often do you come to Australia?
I wonder whether Tom wants to go to Australia with us.
How many years were you in Australia?
I wouldn't allow Tom to go to Australia if I were you.
How many months were you in Australia?
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom didn't go to Australia.
How much time will you be in Australia?
I wonder if Tom really stayed in Australia last summer.
How many people do you know in Australia?
I wonder whether Tom wanted to go to Australia with us.
How much did it cost to get to Australia?
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever been to Australia.
How much did it cost you fly to Australia?
I wonder if Tom really wants to go to Australia with us.
How much does it cost to fly to Australia?
I wonder whether Tom is actually in Australia right now.
How much does it cost to get to Australia?
I wonder why Tom didn't want to go to Australia with us.
How much money did you spend in Australia?
I wonder if Tom really wanted to go to Australia with us.
How much time have you spent in Australia?
I wonder whether Tom wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
How many of your cousins live in Australia?
I wonder why Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with us.
How many years have you lived in Australia?
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom wanted to go to Australia.
How much longer will you stay in Australia?
I wonder why Tom didn't want to go to Australia with Mary.
How much will it cost you fly to Australia?
I wonder if Tom really wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
How many times a year do you go to Australia?
I wonder whether Tom will be in Australia next year or not.
How much did it cost you to get to Australia?
I wonder whether or not Tom will be in Australia next year.
How old were you when you moved to Australia?
I wonder why Tom didn't stay in Australia for another week.
How much longer do you plan to be in Australia?
I wouldn't have gone to Australia if Tom hadn't told me to.
How many people are going to Australia with you?
I wouldn't have visited Australia if Tom hadn't told me to.
How many times did you go to Australia last year?
I wonder whether Tom is going to Australia next week or not.
How much time are you going to stay in Australia?
I wonder whether Tom is really going to Australia next week.
How old were you when you first visited Australia?
I wonder whether Tom really stayed in Australia last summer.
How old were you when you first went to Australia?
I wonder whether or not Tom is going to Australia next week.
How much did you spend while you were in Australia?
I wonder whether or not Tom stayed in Australia last summer.
How much does a liter of gasoline cost in Australia?
I wonder whether Tom really wants to go to Australia with us.
How much longer are you planning to be in Australia?
I wonder whether Tom wants to go to Australia with us or not.
How old were you when your family moved to Australia?
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to go to Australia with us.
How much longer are you planning to stay in Australia?
I wonder whether Tom really wanted to go to Australia with us.
How much longer are you planning on staying in Australia?
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted to go to Australia with us.
How much money did you spend while you were in Australia?
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom stayed in Australia all winter.
How many times did you go to Australia when you were in high school?
I wonder whether or not Tom is actually in Australia right now.
How many professional bassoonists do you think there are in Australia?
I wonder whether Tom really wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom understands French fairly well, but he has trouble speaking it.
On fly the barks o'er ocean. Near us frown / Ceraunia's rocks, whence shortest lies the way / to Italy. And now the sun gows down, / and darkness gathers on the mountains grey.
I acted in accordance with my own conviction.
I have a lot of tasks.
Close by the water, in a sheltered bay, / a few guardians of the oars we choose, / then stretched at random on the beach we lay / our limbs to rest, and on the toil-worn crews / sleep steals in silence down, and sheds her kindly dews.
Some people are put on this earth to serve as a warning to others.
How would you like to go to Australia with us next summer?
Mount the horse, please.
I will change the bathtub for a shower.
I'm remodeling the bathrooms.
The mirror reflects the light.
Now I have two microphones.
The result was of little significance.
Tom's joke was a big hit with the students.
You should assume your phone is bugged.
You should assume we won't have enough money to buy everything we want.
You should assume Tom won't help us at all.
You should assume Tom already knows about the problem.
You should assume email messages aren't private.
You should assume anything you do online is public.
When we hear of a divorce we assume it was caused by the inability of those two people to agree upon fundamentals.
We assume it is natural.
We assume he is honest.
Tom assumed the meeting would start on time.
Tom assumed Mary would pay her bills on time.
Tom assumed Mary would have the work finished by the time he arrived.
Tom assumed Mary knew why John was in the hospital.
She assumed everyone would be for the plan.
Mary assumed the bunch of flowers left on her desk were from Tom.
Let's assume that that'll happen.
Let's assume that that won't happen.
Let's assume Tom is correct.
Let's assume I do believe you.
I just assumed that that was the reason.
I just assumed it wasn't ready yet.
I assume that's what you'd want to do.
I assume that that's what you'd want to do.
I assumed that's what you'd wanted to do.
I assumed that that's what you'd wanted to do.
I assumed that that's what was happening.
I assumed you were in charge.
I assumed that that was why you called me.
I assumed that that was the reason you called me.
I assumed Tom was there.
I assumed that Tom was there.
I assume that that's what you want.
I assume that that's the reason Tom isn't here.
I assume that that's a joke.
I assume your phone is still not working.
I assume you're reasonable.
I assume you're Canadian.
I assume that that won't happen.
I assume we can do that.
I assume that that was Tom's wife.
I assume that that was Tom's idea.
I assume that that was the only way to get the job done in time.
I assume that that was a rhetorical question.
I assume Tom would like to go to Boston with us.
I assume Tom will swim.
I assume Tom will eat dinner with us this evening.
I assume Tom will be late again.
I assume Tom knows how to swim.
I assume Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I assume Tom doesn't have that many friends.
I assume Tom can't swim.
I assume Tom can swim.
I assume Tom can speak French.
I assume Tom and Mary will get married.
I assume this idea will work well.
I assume no one knows the answer.
I assume it was all they wanted to say.
I assume at some point Tom will just give up.
Tom assumed the train would be on time.
Tom assumed that the train would be on time.
Tom assumed that Mary was hiding something from him.
Everyone assumed Tom was Canadian.
Everyone assumed that Tom was Canadian.
Everybody assumed Tom was Canadian.
Everyone assumed Tom was guilty.
Everyone assumed that Tom was guilty.
Everybody assumed Tom was guilty.
Am I correct in assumeing you wish you hadn't done that?
Am I correct in assumeing that you wish you hadn't done that?
Am I correct in assumeing you wish that you hadn't done that?
Am I correct in assumeing that you wish that you hadn't done that?
I assume that you're telling me now because you figured that I'd find out anyway.
I assume you're telling me now because you figured that I'd find out anyway.
I assume that you're the Tom everyone's been telling me about.
I assume you're the Tom everyone's been telling me about.
I assume that you're the Tom everybody's been telling me about.
I assume that you're willing to do that.
I assume that you're working on correcting the mistakes.
I assume that you've already done that.
I assume that you've done that already.
I assume you've done that already.
I assume that you've graduated from high school by now.
I assume that you've had breakfast.
I assume that you've heard about Tom's promotion.
I assume that you've heard about what happened here yesterday.
I assume that you've heard about what happened to Tom.
I assume that you've heard from Tom.
I assume that you've heard that we're having a meeting this afternoon.
I assume that you've proofread this already.
I assume that you've read my report.
I assume that you've talked to Tom.
I assume that your mission was a success.
I assume that your party was a success.
I assumed that because we're brothers I could trust you.
I assumed because we're brothers I could trust you.
I just assumed that everything was going to be OK.
I just assumed that everyone was going to do that.
I just assumed everyone was going to do that.
I just assumed that everybody was going to do that.
I just assumed everybody was going to do that.
I assumed that I'd go alone.
Tom assumed that it was free.
I assumed that it was free.
I just assumed that it was going to happen.
I assumed that it was Tom who wrote this report.
Tom assumed that Mary caught a fish.
Tom assumed that Mary was talking nonsense simply because he didn't understand her.
I just assumed that Mary was Tom's girlfriend.
I assumed that Mary was Tom's girlfriend.
I assumed that Mary was your girlfriend.
Tom assumed that Mary would be late.
Tom assumed that Mary would like the present he bought for her.
Tom assumed that Mary wouldn't be at the party.
I assumed that Tom and Mary were husband and wife.
I assumed that Tom had paid the bill.
I assumed that Tom had told you I would be here.
I assumed that Tom had told you that I would be here.
I assumed Tom had told you that I would be here.
I assumed that Tom understood French.
I assumed that Tom understood what we were talking about.
We assumed that Tom was alone.
I assumed that Tom was Mary's boyfriend.
I assumed that Tom was still at home.
I assumed that Tom was waiting for Mary.
I assumed that Tom was working with you guys.
I just assumed that Tom was your boyfriend.
I assumed that Tom was your boyfriend.
I assumed that Tom would agree to do that.
I had assumed that Tom would be here today.
I assumed that Tom would be here today.
I assumed that Tom would do that.
I assumed that Tom would want to do that.
I assumed that Tom wouldn't wait for us.
I assumed that Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I assumed that we'd all do this together.
I assumed that you and I'd do that together.
I assumed that you and Tom were planning to come.
I assumed that you might be busy.
I assumed that you might be hungry so I brought some sandwiches.
I assumed that you might be hungry.
I assumed that you were busy.
I assumed that you were Canadian.
We assumed that you were dead.
I assumed that you were happy.
I assumed that you were hungry.
I assumed that you would come.
I assumed that you would want to do that.
I assumed that you wouldn't do that.
I just assumed that you wouldn't mind.
I assumed that you wouldn't want to do that.
I just assumed that you'd be here.
I assumed that you'd be up at this hour.
Could you tell me what language this document is written in?
Eventually, I hope I can visit every country in Europe.
I've been to many Asian countries.
How many South American countries have you been to?
What program are you watching?
What are some of your favorite programs?
I've lost three kilos.
I've lost three kilograms.
You drink water.
You drink that.
Sami can't even smoke a cigarette outside in this town.
Sami's car drove past me.
Sami stared at me.
Sami and his fiance worked at Walmart.
Sami is still int he bathroom.
Sami was walking towards my car.
Sami was parked by the side door.
Sami started walking towards my car.
Sami pretended to look for someone.
Sami was pretending to look for someone.
Sami didn't want to be noticed.
Sami noticed Layla's paranoid actions.
Sami wanted to distract Layla.
Sami safely got into his car.
Sami and Layla talked about how scared they both were.
Sami had a break.
Sami called the police department and reported that.
Sami followed Layla into the supermarket.
Sami knew exactly who that man was.
Sami thought Layla was stalking him.
Sami came back a few days later.
Sami lives in this small town.
Sami was living in a small town.
Sami lived in a retirement place.
Sami stiped a rifle to his Jeep.
Sami had a ten-inch knife.
Sami was arrested for carrying a penknife.
Sami had a two-foot sword in his hands.
Sami was chatting with friends.
Sami sat next to Layla in that room.
Sami sat by Layla in that room.
Sami picked up.
Sami doesn't know anyone from that area.
Layla seemed cute and she was a nice girl.
Sami was messing with me.
Sami and Layla were talking for hours.
Sami was a very charming and super interesting man.
Layla didn't have a boyfriend.
What do you do when you get sick?
Sami pulled up in front of the movie theater.
Sami came through the door.
What do you usually do when you get sick?
Sami walked over to me and called me by my name.
Sami was probably a creep.
Sami bolted through the front door and took off.
Sami told his mom what was going on.
Sami has been talking to Layla for a few nights.
Sami's mom answered the phone.
Sami let me talk to Layla.
Sami flipped out.
Sami did some research on Layla's number.
Sami was sick of the whole thing.
Sami was not who he said he was.
Sami wasn't who he said he was.
Sami told Layla that the conversation was over.
Sami called me again.
Sami called me back.
I have to choose between career and family.
Sami has no idea to this day how Layla got his name and number.
Sami knew this guy was no good.
Sami saw Layla's mugshot and recognized her.
Sami used to live next door to us.
Sami is a complete asshole.
Sami went next door to confront Layla.
Sami is pretty aggressive and confrontational.
Sami is extremely protective of his family.
Sami trusts Layla, too.
I have to choose.
Sami wanted to confront Layla about her dogs.
Sami was listening to the whole conversation from the living room.
Sami was a complete asshole to Layla.
Sami is a single parent to Layla.
Sami got pretty mad.
Sami didn't see me.
Sami saw Layla's little brother.
Sami's tone changed very drastically when he saw Layla.
Sami shut the door in Layla's face.
Sami called Layla "lazy."
Sami apologized for what he did.
How could I choose between Mary and Alice?
Sami wasn't home when Layla brought the gift over.
Sami threw the rest of the cookies away.
Sami didn't trust Layla one bit.
Sami invited us to have barbecues.
Sami remained super friendly.
Sami has a criminal record.
Sami told Layla to just avoid Farid.
Sami told Layla to avoid Farid and she listened.
Sami never came to the door.
Sami lived with a bunch of roommates who all had criminal records.
Sami was a registered sex offender.
Sami found lots of child porn on Farid's phone.
Sami was a complete pedo.
Sami was a paedophile.
Sami was short and fat.
Sami is highly trained in martial arts.
Sami's suspicions were confirmed.
Sami took Layla to a really nice sushi restaurant.
Sami wasn't given much of a chance to hurt Layla.
Sami was given a sixty year prison sentence.
Sami is a year old male.
Sami never wants to see Layla again.
Sami grew up privileged.
Sami started to rebel.
Sami started to pay less attention to Layla.
Sami just turned sixteen as well.
Sami had his share of smoking weed.
Sami bought some cigarettes at a gas station.
Sami arrived in the apartment.
Sami would always say that.
Sami never wants to be home alone.
Sami asked for a drink.
Sami handed the bottle to Layla.
Sami was talking to someone.
Sami handed the bottle back to Layla.
Sami went outside to smoke a cigarette.
Sami was smoking on the front porch.
Sami felt so sick.
Sami lied back on the porch.
Sami felt like he was dying.
Sami gave Layla two option.
Sami thought about calling his mom.
Sami dialled Layla's number and hung up many times.
Sami went to get some food.
What medications do you usually take with you?
Sami asked Layla if she was serious.
Sami lived close to where I was.
Sami showed up with a machete and was threatening people.
Sami told Layla that he was going to die.
Sami was threatening the nurses.
Sami decided to spend the 4th of July at his parents' place.
Sami's place was packed.
Sami watched the movie.
Sami used the bathroom.
Sami had to use the bathroom.
Sami left the theater at six.
Sami had no idea what to do.
Sami really needs to use the bathroom.
Sami told us to leave.
Sami wasn't in danger.
Sami had to walk by the security guards.
Sami was a junky.
Sami said absolutely nothing.
Sami was checking every stall for toilet paper.
Sami was running away.
Sami has no idea what is going on.
Sami has no idea what's going on.
Sami was talking to a female cop.
Sami was in the upstairs bathroom.
Sami couldn't hear Layla anymore.
Sami called the elevator.
Sami called the lift.
Sami was stuck outside.
Sami was explaining what happened.
Sami was pushing a guy with a hoodie in front of him. It was his son, Farid.
Sami just drove away.
Sami doesn't know what Layla was doing in that bathroom.
Sami was taking a dump.
Sami went to visit his father on Father's Day.
Sami was in a mental facility in Cairo.
Sami started talking about paranormal stuff.
Sami was in an institution for the mentally ill.
Sami hired new people.
Sami was very underqualified.
Sami liked to stay busy all day.
Sami was in a rehab place.
Sami had much more freedom in that jail.
Sami's sheets were thrown all over the floor.
Sami told my dad.
Sami was moved to a different room of the mental facility.
Sami was in a mental facility.
Sami can see everything inside.
Sami was working there, too.
Sami can't get inside.
Sami didn't see what Layla was wearing.
Sami just kept working.
Sami kept his head down.
Sami was done working there.
Sami was trying to freak Layla out.
Sami was convinced for a fact that the house was haunted.
Sami was hiding his face.
Sami has a six-year old brother.
Sami moved into a cottage.
Sami rented a cottage for a week.
Sami never found a logical explanation for this.
Sami kept on feeling worse and worse.
Sami has always been very intuitive.
Sami was crying and yelling in the next room.
Sami needs to get the hell out of here.
Sami turned around to close the door.
Sami lives in a very old hospital.
Sami surprised me.
Sami still lives in that house.
Sami would sometimes hear footsteps in the middle of the night.
Sami is not crazy.
Sami isn't crazy.
Sami's voice shakes when he talks about it.
Sami rented a cottage to Layla and Farid.
Sami reported strange happenings in that house.
Sami killed his wife and kids.
Sami hung himself in the attic.
Sami is a year old boy from Egypt.
Sami knows this.
Sami collects Native American artefacts.
Sami is a Christian.
Sami is often very curious.
Sami has been through enough crap already.
Sami's grandpa passed away on the 4th of July.
Sami's house is visible from Layla's backyard.
Sami complained to me about his health problems.
Sami made sixty bucks that night.
Sami showed the boys how to shoot their weapons.
Sami and Layla were having a really good time.
Sami never goes to the basement.
Sami continued shooting.
Sami suddenly commanded Layla to stop shooting.
Sami looked straight ahead.
Sami hid in a small grove of trees.
Sami saw a deer on his farm.
Sami has a black horse.
Sami was running.
Sami had a greyhound.
Sami's dog is much larger than a greyhound.
Sami killed a deer on his farm.
Sami didn't see nor hear anything.
Everyone can be bought, but the biggest whores are politicians.
Layla loved the makeup so much.
Sami loved Layla's Halloween makeup.
Sami has experienced a lot of paranormal stuff in his life.
Sami doesn't really know that.
Sami found this weird.
Sami moved into that cottage.
Sami and Layla drive the same car.
Sami's front door was wide open.
Sami called his roommate.
Sami talked about his haunted house.
Sami called Layla but she didn't answer.
Sami was terrified to go into that house.
Sami's dog started making little whimpering sounds.
Sami has one dog.
Sami's dog is so aggressive.
Sami's dog is so defensive.
Sami had a kitchen knife.
Sami was on the phone with his mom.
Sami didn't have next door neighbors.
Sami can hear people talking.
Sami turned around to look over his shoulder.
Sami had to go down a few more stairs.
Sami shoved Layla so hard that she went flying.
Sami was in so much pain.
Sami pushed Layla down the stairs.
Sami pulled in.
Sami searched everywhere in the house.
Sami was too scared to go to the doctor.
Sami searched the whole house and no one was there.
Sami put his hand on Layla's shoulder.
Sami didn't like being there alone.
Sami moved out in 2006.
Sami and Layla went out to dinner.
Layla has a beautiful makeup collection.
Sami donated some blankets.
Layla was sorting through her makeup.
Sami wouldn't live there.
Sami lived next to Layla.
Sami started acting really weird.
Sami felt really threatened.
Sami was acting weird.
Sami wasn't going to live there anymore.
Sami got killed, unfortunately.
Sami heard the noise.
Sami couldn't tell us what that noise was.
Sami is not at all organized.
Sami's dog was staring at something.
Sami walked outside.
Sami never experienced something like that.
Sami went to spent the night in Layla's house.
Sami was over that night.
Sami went out to dinner.
Sami said this in a vlog.
Sami wrote about this in a blog.
Sami's front door was keyed.
Sami got really nervous.
Sami reported this to his landlord.
Sami had to report this to his landlord.
Sami was trying to break into Layla's house.
Sami wasn't trying to break in.
Sami was trying to break in.
Sami was really freaked out by this.
Sami was alone that night.
Sami lives in a safe neighborhood.
Sami lived in a safe area.
Sami didn't feel very good.
Sami was downstairs.
Sami heard something moving in the garage.
Sami was just hearing the wind.
Sami's front door was locked.
Sami was going upstairs.
Sami heard the door knob jiggle.
Sami turned back around.
Sami heard that again.
Sami was shaking the door knob.
Sami woke up really early in the morning.
Sami was waiting for Layla to get there.
Sami heard a giant slam in the garage.
Sami heard a huge slam in the garage.
Sami never found anything.
Sami has a lot of nightmares.
Sami stay with his best friend.
Sami didn't experience anything strange.
Sami scared the shit out of me.
Sami remembers the dream.
Sami opened his eyes.
Sami's entire room was on fire.
Sami slowly sat up.
Sami realized he was awake.
Sami screamed.
Sami opened his eyes again.
Sami was still dreaming.
Sami didn't realize this at the time.
Sami's camera was on a tripod.
Sami's camera started to shift over.
Sami never watched this video.
Sami was filming on his camera.
I assumed that you'd do that.
I assumed that you'd find out sooner or later.
I assumed that you'd wait.
I assumed that you'd want me to help.
I assumed that you'd want me to pay.
Tom assumes that Mary will be willing to help with the bake sale.
I figure there's no point in trying to persuade Tom.
I figure that there's no point in trying to persuade Tom.
I figure there's no point in trying to persuade Tom to do that.
I figure that there's no point in trying to persuade Tom to do that.
I figure my vote won't change anything.
Tom figured Mary would like to know the news.
I figured that that would make you laugh.
I figured that that would be your answer.
I figured that that might be the case.
I figure that it'll take one or two days.
I figure that it's about time we were going.
I figure that we have a day or two before Tom gets here.
I figured that a change of scenery might do us good.
I figured that everyone knew that.
I figured everyone knew that.
I figured that everybody knew that.
Tom figured that everyone needed a break.
Tom figured everyone needed a break.
Tom figured that everybody needed a break.
I figured that everybody was busy.
I figured everybody was busy.
I figured that everyone was busy.
I figured that everybody was happy.
I figured everybody was happy.
I figured that everyone was happy.
I figured that everybody was hungry.
I figured everybody was hungry.
I figured that everyone was hungry.
Tom figured that he could do that.
Tom figured that he'd be able to do that.
I figured that I could be of some help.
I figured that I could count on you.
I figured that I could do that.
I figured that I could trust Tom.
I figured that I could trust you.
I figured that I had enough money.
I figured that I might be able to help.
I figured that I might find you here.
I didn't leave my house because I figured that I was pretty safe there.
I figured that I'd be able to do that.
I figured that I'd be safe here.
I figured that I'd find you here.
Tom figured that if Mary could do that, he could too.
I figured that if Tom could do it, I could too.
I figured that if Tom could do that, I could too.
I figured that it couldn't hurt.
I figured that it had to be good.
I figured that it might be better if I didn't talk to Tom.
I figured that it was better not to do anything without your permission.
I figured that it was better not to go without you.
I figured that it was better not to interrupt you.
I figured that it was easier to ask Tom to do that than to do it myself.
I figured that it was easier to do it this way.
Tom figured that it was over.
I kind of figured that it was Tom.
Tom figured that it was worth a try.
I figured that it was worth a try.
I figured that it would be difficult to do.
Tom figured that it would be easier to do that the way Mary was doing it.
I figured that it would be easy to do.
I figured that it would be hard to do.
Tom figured that it would take him a full day to finish painting the garage.
I figured that it wouldn't hurt to wait for a few more minutes.
That's something I hadn't figured that on.
Tom saw a light on in the house and figured that someone was at home.
I figured that something like this was going to happen.
I figured that something was up.
They figured that there was no hope.
I figured that they would enjoy that.
I figured that this might come in handy.
I figured that this would happen eventually.
I figured that this would happen.
I figured that Tom could do that.
I figured that Tom might be interested in helping.
I figured that Tom needed help.
I figured that Tom probably did it.
I figured that Tom probably did that.
I figured that Tom was asleep.
I figured that Tom was sleeping.
I figured that Tom wasn't going to go, so I went.
I figured that Tom wasn't old enough.
I figured that Tom would be here.
I should've figured that Tom would be late.
I figured that Tom would be older.
I always figured that Tom would become a teacher.
I figured that Tom would do that.
I figured that Tom would like Mary.
I figured that Tom would mess up again.
I figured that Tom would never find it.
I figured that Tom would panic.
I figured that Tom would say that.
I figured that Tom would win.
I figured that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I figured that Tom wouldn't come.
I figured that Tom wouldn't know the answer.
I figured that you already knew that.
We need some supplies and figured that you could get us a good price.
I figured that you could use some help.
I figured that you might be busy now.
I figured that you might be hungry by now.
I figured that you might change your mind.
I figured that you might know who Tom went with.
I figured that you might know why Tom left early.
I figured that you might need some help.
I figured that you might want a drink.
I figured that you might want this.
I figured that you must be hungry by now.
I figured that you should know.
I figured that you weren't coming.
I figured that you would understand.
I figured that you wouldn't come.
I figured that you wouldn't want the teacher to know you hadn't done your homework yet.
I figured that you wouldn't want to drink coffee so late at night.
I figured that you wouldn't want to go there without me.
I figured that you wouldn't want Tom to know about this.
I figured that you'd be dealing with it.
I figured that you'd be here.
I figured that you'd be impressed.
I figured that you'd enjoy this movie.
I figured that you'd probably never want to see me again.
I figured that you'd tell me when you wanted to.
I figured that you'd understand.
I figured that you'd want to know.
Tom figures that he's not alone.
How much money do you think that you'll spend in Boston?
How much longer to you think that I need to stay in Boston?
How old were your kids when you moved to Australia?
How old were your children when you moved to Australia?
How much money do you think you'll spend in Australia?
How much money do you think that you'll spend in Australia?
How much longer to you think I need to stay in Australia?
How much longer to you think that I need to stay in Australia?
How much did you spend per day when you were in Australia?
How much did you spend a day when you were in Australia?
I assume you have a college degree.
I assume that you have a college degree.
I assume you've been to Boston.
I assume that you've been to Boston.
I assumed that there must be something else we had to do.
I'm telling you we have to assume that Tom is dead.
I'm telling you that we have to assume Tom is dead.
I'm assuming the gunshot I heard was the one that killed Tom.
I'm assuming that the gunshot that I heard was the one that killed Tom.
I'm assuming the gunshot that I heard was the one that killed Tom.
I assume that Tom will be the same as he was the last time we saw him.
I assume that Tom will be the same as he was the last time that we saw him.
Sami got confused.
Sami's air conditioning is broken.
Sami pressed the record button.
Sami found this so weird.
Sami has experienced a lot of paranormal stuff.
Sami lives in a super haunted house.
Sami laughed uncontrollably.
Sami moved the table back there.
Sami was furnishing his bedroom.
Sami moved the table back to that room.
Sami completed his video.
Sami lives in a haunted apartment.
Sami visited a haunted house.
Sami stayed in a haunted house.
Sami wanted to stay in a haunted hotel room.
Sami really loved it.
Layla is so into fashion.
Layla is so into clothing.
Sami didn't notice anything crazy going on here.
Sami said this about me one time.
Sami is sitting on the couch.
Sami grabbed Layla's leg.
Sami was sitting next to me.
Sami touched me.
Sami pinched me.
Sami's dog started barking like crazy.
Sami hid in the laundry room.
Sami's dog poops in the laundry room.
Sami loves that.
Sami and Layla adopted that dog together.
Sami heard that noise in the closet.
Sami's dog was growling and snarling.
Sami's dog started snarling.
Sami started filming the video.
Sami's dog is snarling.
Sami's dog is growling.
Sami is just scared to talk about it.
Sami went there, too.
Sami doesn't know this story.
Sami likes horror stories.
Sami didn't let Layla film him room.
Sami got into the next room.
Sami is reading Layla's diary.
Sami petted Layla's dog without asking.
Sami was watching this on TV.
Sami was petting Layla's dog.
Sami could check this for himself.
Sami talked a little bit about this.
Sami was petting his dog.
Sami is on a college campus.
Sami missed his dog.
Sami ignored the signs.
Sami has a beautiful dog.
Sami knew who I was.
Sami didn't let people pet his dog.
Sami asked Layla if he could pet her dog.
Sami started talking about this experience.
Sami can go there.
Sami was intoxicated.
Sami didn't want to put himself or his dog in a position of danger.
Sami eats there.
Sami was eating there.
Sami went there, got food and left.
Sami went to that diner, got food and left.
Sami waited outside.
Sami and his dog waited outside.
Sami and Layla were college kids.
Sami was used to it.
Sami was walking back to his dorm.
Sami was extremely overwhelmed.
Sami wasn't helping us.
Sami can't control himself.
Sami started to reach for the gun.
Sami tried as best he could to avoid that.
Sami was working.
Sami didn't let Layla touch his dog.
Sami grabbed Layla's hand.
Sami was helping me.
Sami's has got all its gear on.
Sami turned into a victim.
Sami continued to pet the dog.
Sami's dog was looking at me.
Sami needs to stop.
Sami didn't say no.
Sami had the audacity to say this.
Sami should realize that the world doesn't revolve around him.
Sami is the owner of the dog.
Sami didn't hurt Layla's dog.
Sami was endangering himself.
Sami was endangering the dog's life.
Sami was a dog handler.
Sami was walking out of the diner.
Sami shouldn't touch the dog.
She was the only one who understood me.
Sami is working so hard.
Sami doesn't want anyone to pet his dog.
Sami's dog helped him navigate.
Sami had a service dog.
Sami doesn't like people to pet his service dog.
Sami was having a seizure.
Sami had a seizure.
Sami didn't do his job properly.
Sami did his job properly.
Sami needed a service dog.
Sami was seriously hurt.
Sami was physically hurt.
Sami made Layla feel embarrassed.
Sami deserved a medal.
Sami was putting Layla at risk.
Sami has a job to do.
Sami isn't listening to me.
Sami is not listening to me.
Sami doesn't know how to intervene.
Sami jumped in front of Layla's dog.
Sami would do anything to protect Layla.
Sami's service dog is a husky.
Sami ordered new stuff from Amazon.
Sami is petting his dog.
Sami lets people pet his dog.
Sami hates when people pet his dog unannounced.
Sami is not going to say any names.
Sami isn't going to say any names.
Sami was in his history class.
Sami has two YouTube channels.
Sami brushed the bug off his leg.
Sami doesn't like bugs.
Sami was a little freaked out.
Sami was a deaf student.
Sami was an interpreter.
Sami needed an interpreter.
Sami had space.
Sami wears glasses and contacts.
Sami is almost blind.
Sami sat in the corner.
Sami's interpreter sat in front of him.
Sami snapped at me.
Sami had the same problem.
Sami's vest has pockets.
Sami tightened his vest a little bit.
Sami wasn't teaching anymore.
Sami was playing with his toys.
Sami bought a vest for his dog.
Sami wasn't teaching.
Sami stopped playing with his dog.
Sami wasn't even talking.
Sami was still talking.
Sami doesn't remember everything Layla said.
Sami worked with Layla.
Sami has to do that.
Sami asked Layla to stop talking.
Sami needs to leave me alone.
Sami stormed out of the classroom.
Sami got to school late.
Sami missed his history class.
Sami was talking back to the teacher.
Sami could get the teacher fired.
Sami was telling me everything.
Sami moved his seat across the room.
Sami's dog is distracting us.
Sami was looking at the dog.
Sami reported this to the assistant principal.
Sami wasn't doing anything.
Sami's dog had fleas.
Sami grabbed the dog's tail.
Sami doesn't know who Layla is talking about.
Sami yanked the dog's tail.
Sami stopped immediately.
Sami is not supposed to touch this dog.
Sami isn't supposed to touch this dog.
Sami was so rude to Layla.
Sami's service dog needs to pay attention to him and shouldn't be distracted by other people.
Sami's service dog shouldn't be distracted from its handler.
Sami sits there.
Sami usually sits there.
Sami was late.
Sami was kind of mocking it.
Sami had a test.
Sami had his phone on during the test.
Sami's phone was away.
Sami finished his test.
Sami's teacher was really nice.
Sami loved his teacher.
Sami was done.
Sami came flying across the room, yelling and cussing.
Sami was screaming at Layla in her face.
Sami is going to be fired.
Sami has just got himself a zero.
Sami watched my videos.
Sami got in Layla's face and screamed at her.
Sami was a great teacher.
Sami had no control of his classroom.
Sami should not be a teacher.
Sami shouldn't be a teacher.
Sami screamed in Layla's face.
Sami has a PTSD service dog.
Sami is a minor.
Sami is underage.
Sami got in Layla's face and started screaming.
Sami probably would have slapped Layla.
Sami will be so angry.
Sami has a cute dog.
Sami's service dog is a German shepherd.
Sami had at his grandmother's house.
Sami wanted to make a salad for lunch.
Sami ate dinner.
Sami went to the store and got some salad stuff.
Sami wanted to make a salad.
Sami loves this restaurant.
Sami pulled into the parking lot.
Sami and Layla are holding hands.
Layla dyed her hair blue.
Sami looked at Layla's hair.
Sami's dog didn't have a tag.
Sami used to wear a cap all the time.
Sami was walking out of the parking lot.
Sami went to the next level.
Sami was being held against his will.
Sami was alright.
Sami was walking out of the store.
Sami could be wrong.
Sami doesn't see this every day.
Sami watched this on TV.
Sami was being funny.
Sami just carried on with his day.
Sami should have taken a picture.
Sami was OK with it.
Sami thought it was a joke.
Sami was holding Layla against her will.
Sami was filming this video.
Sami has to refilm the video.
Sami's battery died.
Sami has never been to Cairo.
Sami took classes.
Sami took some classes.
Sami got several e-mails from Layla.
Sami learned about that.
Sami is free to leave.
Sami was free to leave.
Sami wanted to take those classes.
Sami picked what classes he wanted to take.
Sami chose to wait in a standby list.
Sami was taking classes.
Sami was observing and taking notes.
Sami was watching and taking notes.
Sami understood it.
Sami recorded another video.
Sami has missed his chance for ever.
Layla was prettier.
Sami loved to read.
Sami would talk excitedly about books.
Sami adored this music.
Sami's seat is empty.
Sami was dancing at the club.
Sami and Layla were going to go to the opera.
Layla wanted to look like Salima.
Sami heard that Layla had moved to Cairo.
Sami talked like Farid.
Sami's smile warmed my heart.
Layla wore a blue skirt.
Sami gave me a hug.
Layla's imperfections made her all the more enticing.
Sami doesn't remember most of the details.
Sami had a small framed photo on his desk.
Sami took a deep breath and tried to keep his cool.
I assume Tom will be the same as he was the last time that we saw him.
I assume that we're doing a pretty good job since no one has complained.
I assume that we're doing a pretty good job since nobody has complained.
I assume we're doing a pretty good job since nobody has complained.
I assume that you're telling me now because you figured I'd find out anyway.
Tom said that he thought that he forgot to lock the door.
Tom said that he thought he forgot to lock the door.
Tom said he thought he forgot to lock the door.
Tom said he thought that he forgot to lock the door.
Tom said that he thought that he'd forgotten to lock the door.
Tom said that he thought he'd forgotten to lock the door.
Tom said he thought he'd forgotten to lock the door.
Tom said he thought that he'd forgotten to lock the door.
Why are you assuming that Tom is behind all this?
I'm assuming that you're Canadian.
I'm assuming that you haven't talked to Tom yet.
I'm assuming that you have a plan.
I'm assuming that Tom will be here today.
I'm assuming that Tom knows about this.
I'm assuming that Tom knew about this.
I'm assuming that this is your father.
I'm assuming that it won't be a problem.
I'm assuming that it was just a coincidence.
I'm assuming that French isn't your native language.
I'm assuming that French isn't your first language.
Am I correct in assuming that you've finished doing what we asked you to do?
Am I correct in assuming that you regret doing that?
I assume that both of you have brought flashlights.
I assume both of you have brought flashlights.
I assume that I was invited.
I assume that I'll have access to a car.
Let's assume that it happened exactly as Tom says it did.
I assume that it was an accident.
I assume that it was Tom's idea.
I assume that it was unavoidable.
I assume that it's clear to you now why we couldn't hire Tom.
I assume that it's impossible to know exactly when that'll happen.
I assume that it's not as easy as it sounds.
I assume that it's not good.
I assume that something good happened.
I assume that the two of you know each other.
I assume that after work you're going home right away.
I assume that all our equipment is still up to date.
I assume that both of you brought flashlights.
I assume that there's somebody somewhere who can do what needs to be done.
I assume that there's somebody somewhere who likes Tom.
I assume that they chose Tom because he's the best person for the job.
I assume that this has something to do with Tom.
I assume that this is due to the fact that Tom is a minor.
I assume that this is the problem.
I assume that this is what killed Tom.
I assume that this is what you're looking for.
I assume that this isn't the best time to ask for a promotion.
We can't assume that this money is Tom's.
I assume that this was Tom's idea.
I assume that Tom and Mary weren't at your party.
I assume that Tom did all the driving.
I assume that Tom didn't forget to buy the tickets.
I assume that Tom didn't show up.
I assume that Tom doesn't have very many friends.
It's 2:30, so I assume that Tom is already at home.
You shouldn't just assume that Tom is guilty.
I assume that Tom is here to help.
I assume that Tom is up to no good.
I assume that Tom told Mary.
I assume that Tom was kidding.
I assume that Tom will be here today.
I'm just going to assume that Tom will be here.
I assume that Tom will eventually be arrested for what he did.
I assume that Tom won't be at tonight's party.
Let's assume that Tom won't be here on time.
I think it's safe to assume that Tom won't be here tomorrow.
I assume that Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I assume that Tom would be willing to do that.
I assume that we're free to go.
I assume that you agree with me.
I assume that you all read about it.
I assume that you already tried asking Tom for help.
I assume that you are talking about Tom.
I assume that you asked Tom to tell Mary what the situation is.
I assume that you've asked Tom to tell Mary what the situation is.
I assume you've asked Tom to tell Mary what the situation is.
I assume that you brought something to eat.
I assume that you don't need to do that.
I assume that you don't want go swimming with us.
I assume that you don't want me to leave.
I assume that you don't want this.
I assume that you don't want to go.
I assume that you found Tom.
I assume that you have a car.
I assume that you have a passport.
I assume that you have some information about this.
I assume that you haven't heard from Tom.
I assume that you haven't seen Tom this morning.
I assume that you heard about Tom's death.
I assume that you've heard about Tom's death.
I assume you've heard about Tom's death.
I assume that you know a little about computer programming.
I assume that you know about Tom's problem.
I assume that you know how to fix the problem.
I assume that you know how to get to Tom's house.
I assume that you know the way to Tom's house.
I assume that you know there are no classes today.
I assume that you know Tom.
I assume that you know what happened here yesterday.
I assume that you know what this is about.
I assume that you know what this is.
I assume that you know what to do.
I assume that you know what we're supposed to do next.
I assume that you know where Tom hid the key.
I assume that you know who did this.
I assume that you know who that is.
I assume that you know who Tom is.
I assume that you know why I'm here.
I assume that you must be a close friend of Tom's.
I assume that you only hire people who speak more than one language.
I assume that you share Tom's sentiments.
I assume that you still enjoy drinking beer.
I assume that you still live in Boston.
I assume that you still play golf.
I assume that you studied French in high school.
I assume that you two know each other.
Sami was apprehensive to do so.
Sami advised Layla against making this video.
Sami was sharing stories about his life and experiences.
Sami finds this totally fine.
Sami tells stories from his life.
Sami is honest.
Sami will always be transparent with you.
Layla confronted Sami with the other woman.
Sami was in a relationship with a girl who he didn't trust.
Sami was talking to women online.
Sami didn't say when this took place.
Sami doesn't watch Layla's videos.
Sami was trying to sue Layla.
Sami can't sue Layla.
Sami was in a committed relationship with Layla.
Sami thought that Layla was the girl he was going to spend the rest of his life with.
Sami stayed faithful to Layla.
Sami's name popped up on Layla's phone.
Sami was always very secretive.
Sami was sexting.
Sami was a cheater.
Sami was very weak.
Sami was weak.
Sami treated Layla like shit.
Sami opened his computer.
Sami got on Layla's Facebook.
Sami logged into Layla's Facebook account.
Sami violated Layla's trust by looking into her Facebook account.
Sami wasn't being faithful.
Sami was having inappropriate conversations with other women.
Sami was desperate to make his relationship with Layla work.
Sami saw Layla's message pop up.
Sami went through Layla's message.
Sami started scrolling through the message.
Sami's message was very flirtatious.
Sami found this especially weird.
Sami added me on Facebook.
Sami added my girlfriend on Facebook.
Sami and Layla would flirt on Facebook.
Sami asked Layla how old she was and she didn't tell him.
Sami didn't tell Layla how old he was.
Sami never told Layla how old he was.
Sami can't remember how old he was then.
Sami was sixteen years old.
Sami was dating a minor.
Sami was already feeling really sick to his stomach.
Sami wasn't being honest about how old he was.
Sami asked Layla if she was virgin.
Sami was dating a teenager.
Sami shut his laptop.
Sami began to feel sick.
Sami couldn't believe what he had read.
Sami and Layla shared bank accounts together.
Sami read the message.
Sami never knew Layla at all.
Sami packed up all his shit and left Layla's house.
Sami vehemently denied everything.
Sami can bet his ass that Layla is going to report him to the cops.
Sami didn't want to have anything to do with Layla.
Sami knew that there was nothing that could be done.
Sami and Layla stopped contacting each other.
Sami didn't give a shit about that.
Sami let Layla know what was going on.
Sami is just a kid.
Sami is completely innocent.
Sami was just a friend.
Sami is talking to someone online.
Sami is in a relationship with someone he doesn't trust.
Sami doesn't trust Layla.
Sami deserves better.
Sami deserves so much love and happiness.
Sami's video covered everything.
Sami's video was about an hour long.
Sami hit rock bottom.
Sami got out of that shitty relationship.
Layla is in love with this coat.
I don't think you have really understood me.
Sami has a big head.
Sami took his jacket off.
Sami's battery is dying.
Sami and Layla's relationship lost all trust.
Sami was a very naive boy.
Sami got cheated on.
Sami doesn't cheat.
Sami is a cheater.
Sami was in a relationship.
Sami was sleeping around.
Sami is very much older than me.
Sami was very much older than Layla.
Sami is doing something.
Sami was hanging out with his ex.
Sami could not trust Layla.
Sami couldn't trust Layla.
Sami should have left.
Sami and Layla are living with each other.
Sami no longer looked at Layla the same.
Sami trusts Layla and she trusts him.
Mennad was always over at Layla's house.
Sami's mom didn't like Layla.
Sami's mom didn't really like Layla.
Sami was so much older than I was.
Sami is only 16.
Sami is on a really completely different wavelength.
Layla was dating other dudes.
Sami and Layla were hanging out in his room.
Sami can't really remember that.
Sami asked Layla where she was going.
Sami never wanted to be like that.
Sami did not trust Layla.
Sami went skiing.
Sami went skating with the homies.
Sami never goes skating alone.
Sami was about to go.
Sami went surfing.
Sami went surfing with his friends.
Sami didn't know where Layla's mom was.
Sami looked out the window.
Sami saw Layla in a car.
Sami skates outside.
Sami went to a skate park.
Sami's phone rang and it was Layla.
Sami heard a girl's voice.
Sami still watches Layla's videos.
Sami was cheating on me.
Sami told Layla that I didn't like her.
Sami felt insecure.
Sami was skating with Layla.
Sami was six years younger than me.
Sami was listening to Layla and Farid's conversation.
Sami wanted to know who that girl was.
Sami started talking.
Sami walked Layla to her car.
Sami really had to pee.
Sami's bathroom was broken.
Sami had a plumbing problem.
Sami was hanging out with a girl.
Sami was making up all those excuses to keep Layla out of his room.
Sami called the phone back.
Sami asked Layla who she was with.
Sami knew who was driving that car.
Sami was with his homegirl.
Sami was with a homegirl.
Sami was only sixteen then.
Sami is smoking weed with Layla.
Sami is on his day off.
Sami is just a friend.
Sami was going out skating with his friends.
Sami didn't hear anything increminating.
Sami heard everything.
Sami came back two hours later.
Sami stayed.
Sami cheats on Layla all the time.
Sami does this thing all the time.
Sami will tell you everything.
Sami is moving in with Layla.
I assume that you would like to meet Tom.
I assume that you wouldn't want to do that?
I assume that you wouldn't want to do that.
I assume that you'd be willing to do that.
I assume that you'll be explaining why all this is necessary.
I assume that you'll be going to the dance with Tom.
I assume that you'll be here by 2:30.
I assume that you'll be here this afternoon.
I assume that you'll be investigating this.
I assume that you'll be paying me in cash.
I assume that you'll be taking a leave of absence.
I assume that you'll call me if you need anything else.
I assume that you'll not come to work tomorrow.
I assume that you'll want to stay here with us.
I assume that you're angry.
I assume that you're familiar with this concept.
I assume that you're getting paid for this.
I assume that you're going somewhere with this.
I assume that you're here to ask me about Tom.
I assume that you're here to volunteer.
I assume that you're in a hurry.
Can I assume that you're interested now?
I assume that you're not here to volunteer.
I assume that you're not interested in going with us.
I assume that you're not interested in playing tennis with us this afternoon.
I assume that you're not interested.
I assume that you're qualified.
I assume that you're referring to Tom.
I assume that you're referring to Tom's problem.
I assume that you're referring to what happened here recently.
OK, let's assume that you're right.
Let's assume that you're right.
I assume that you're talking about Tom.
I think you should tell Tom why you won't go to Australia with him.
I think that you should tell Tom why you won't go to Australia with him.
I think you should send Tom to Australia.
I think that you should send Tom to Australia.
I think you should meet Tom in Australia.
I think that you should meet Tom in Australia.
I think you should let Tom and me go to Australia by ourselves.
I think that you should let Tom and me go to Australia by ourselves.
I think you ought to let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I think that you ought to let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I think you ought to let Tom and me go to Australia by ourselves.
I think that you ought to let Tom and me go to Australia by ourselves.
I thought Tom was still living in Australia.
I thought that Tom was still living in Australia.
I thought Tom might be in Australia.
I thought that Tom might be in Australia.
I thought Tom might be in Australia this week.
I thought that Tom might be in Australia this week.
I think Tom wouldn't be in Australia now.
I think that Tom wouldn't be in Australia now.
I think Tom would like to live in Australia.
I think that Tom would like to live in Australia.
I think Tom would like to be in Australia now.
I think that Tom would like to be in Australia now.
I think Tom would go to Australia with you if you asked him to.
I think that Tom would go to Australia with you if you asked him to.
I think Tom won't visit Australia anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't visit Australia anytime soon.
I think Tom won't go to Australia with Mary.
I think that Tom won't go to Australia with Mary.
I think Tom won't be in Australia very long.
I think that Tom won't be in Australia very long.
I think Tom will visit Australia.
I think that Tom will visit Australia.
I think Tom will stay in Australia all summer.
I think that Tom will stay in Australia all summer.
I think Tom will go to Australia.
I think that Tom will go to Australia.
I think Tom will go to Australia next week.
I think that Tom will go to Australia next week.
I think Tom will go to Australia next summer.
I think that Tom will go to Australia next summer.
I think Tom will do that in Australia next week.
I think that Tom will do that in Australia next week.
I think Tom will come to Australia on Monday.
Sami was cheating.
I think that Tom will come to Australia on Monday.
I think Tom will be staying in Australia until Monday.
I think that Tom will be staying in Australia until Monday.
I think Tom will be in Australia next week.
I think that Tom will be in Australia next week.
I think Tom went to Australia last week.
I think that Tom went to Australia last week.
I think Tom went to Australia last month.
I think that Tom went to Australia last month.
I think Tom was born in Australia.
I think that Tom was born in Australia.
I think Tom wants to go to Australia.
I think that Tom wants to go to Australia.
I think Tom wants to go to Australia with you.
I think that Tom wants to go to Australia with you.
I think Tom used to live in Australia.
I think that Tom used to live in Australia.
I think Tom stays at his grandparents' house whenever he visits Australia.
I think that Tom stays at his grandparents' house whenever he visits Australia.
I think Tom stayed in Australia last summer.
I think that Tom stayed in Australia last summer.
I think Tom should've stayed in Australia.
I think that Tom should've stayed in Australia.
I think Tom should go to Australia to visit Mary.
I think that Tom should go to Australia to visit Mary.
I think Tom said that Mary was from Australia.
I think that Tom said that Mary was from Australia.
I think Tom said he'd be staying in Australia for three weeks.
I think that Tom said he'd be staying in Australia for three weeks.
I think Tom said he was from Australia.
I think that Tom said he was from Australia.
I think Tom moved to Australia.
I think that Tom moved to Australia.
I think Tom might visit Australia next week.
I think that Tom might visit Australia next week.
I think Tom might leave for Australia early tomorrow morning.
I think that Tom might leave for Australia early tomorrow morning.
I think Tom might go to Australia in the fall.
I think that Tom might go to Australia in the fall.
I think Tom might be in Australia.
I think that Tom might be in Australia.
I think Tom might be in Australia right now.
I think that Tom might be in Australia right now.
I think Tom may visit Australia on his next trip.
I think that Tom may visit Australia on his next trip.
I think Tom may stay in Australia for another month.
I think that Tom may stay in Australia for another month.
I think Tom may come to Australia for Thanksgiving.
I think that Tom may come to Australia for Thanksgiving.
I think Tom lives in Australia.
I think that Tom lives in Australia.
I think Tom lived in Australia when he was in high school.
I think that Tom lived in Australia when he was in high school.
I think Tom isn't likely to go to Australia any time soon.
I think that Tom isn't likely to go to Australia any time soon.
I think Tom isn't in Australia now.
I think that Tom isn't in Australia now.
I think Tom is visiting Australia now.
I think that Tom is visiting Australia now.
I think Tom is still living in Australia.
I think that Tom is still living in Australia.
I think Tom is still in Australia.
I think that Tom is still in Australia.
I think Tom is living in Australia now.
I think that Tom is living in Australia now.
I think Tom is likely to go to Australia in the near future.
I think that Tom is likely to go to Australia in the near future.
I think Tom is leaving Australia at the end of the semester.
I think that Tom is leaving Australia at the end of the semester.
I think Tom is in Australia.
I think that Tom is in Australia.
I think Tom is going to do that in Australia next week.
I think that Tom is going to do that in Australia next week.
I think Tom is going to Australia next month.
I think that Tom is going to Australia next month.
I think Tom is coming to Australia next weekend.
I think that Tom is coming to Australia next weekend.
I think Tom is back from Australia.
I think that Tom is back from Australia.
I think Tom has to go to Australia.
I think that Tom has to go to Australia.
I think Tom has some relatives in Australia.
I think that Tom has some relatives in Australia.
I think Tom has some friends in Australia.
I think that Tom has some friends in Australia.
I think Tom has relatives in Australia.
I think that Tom has relatives in Australia.
I think Tom has never been to Australia.
I think that Tom has never been to Australia.
I think Tom has gone to Australia.
I think that Tom has gone to Australia.
I think Tom has been to Australia at least one time.
I think that Tom has been to Australia at least one time.
I think Tom has been to Australia at least once.
I think that Tom has been to Australia at least once.
I think Tom has a cousin in Australia.
I think that Tom has a cousin in Australia.
I think Tom had to go to Australia.
I think that Tom had to go to Australia.
I think Tom got back to Australia in October.
I think that Tom got back to Australia in October.
I think Tom goes to Australia at least once a year.
I think that Tom goes to Australia at least once a year.
I think Tom didn't go to Australia.
I think that Tom didn't go to Australia.
I think Tom could go to Australia with you.
I think that Tom could go to Australia with you.
I think Tom could be in Australia now.
I think that Tom could be in Australia now.
I think Tom came to Australia when he was young.
I think that Tom came to Australia when he was young.
I think Tom went to Australia.
I think that Tom went to Australia.
I think Tom visited Australia with Mary last spring.
I think that Tom visited Australia with Mary last spring.
Sami was fucking his manager.
I suspect Tom won't go to Australia next week.
I suspect that Tom won't go to Australia next week.
I suspect Tom will come to Australia.
I suspect that Tom will come to Australia.
I suspect Tom went to Australia.
I suspect that Tom went to Australia.
I suspect Tom isn't planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspect that Tom isn't planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspect Tom isn't in Australia.
I suspect that Tom isn't in Australia.
I suspect Tom is in Australia.
I suspect that Tom is in Australia.
I suspect Tom is in Australia now.
I suspect that Tom is in Australia now.
I suspect Tom has to go to Australia.
I suspect that Tom has to go to Australia.
I suspect Tom has lived in Australia.
I suspect that Tom has lived in Australia.
I suspect Tom has gone to Australia.
I suspect that Tom has gone to Australia.
I suspect Tom has already left for Australia.
I suspect that Tom has already left for Australia.
I suspect Tom has already left Australia.
I suspect that Tom has already left Australia.
I suspect Tom didn't visit Australia.
I suspect that Tom didn't visit Australia.
I suspect Tom didn't go to Australia.
I suspect that Tom didn't go to Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary went to Australia together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary went to Australia together.
I suspect Tom and Mary have to go to Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have to go to Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary have lived in Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have lived in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary have gone to Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have gone to Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary have already left for Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have already left for Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary have already left Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have already left Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Australia with you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Australia with you.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't in Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in Australia now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in Australia now.
I suspect Tom and Mary are from Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are from Australia.
How did you know Tom wasn't really from Australia?
How did you know that Tom wasn't really from Australia?
How did you know Tom was planning to move to Australia?
How did you know that Tom was planning to move to Australia?
How did you know Tom was planning to go to Australia with Mary?
How did you know that Tom was planning to go to Australia with Mary?
How did you know Tom was planning on moving to Australia?
How did you know that Tom was planning on moving to Australia?
How did you know Tom was in Australia?
How did you know that Tom was in Australia?
How did you know Tom was going to go to Australia with Mary?
How did you know that Tom was going to go to Australia with Mary?
How did you know Tom was going to be in Australia all week?
How did you know that Tom was going to be in Australia all week?
How did you know Tom was born in Australia?
How did you know that Tom was born in Australia?
Sami was sleeping with his manager.
Sami isn't being faithful.
Sami is still young.
Sami is wasting his time.
Sami is in a committed relationship.
Sami wanted to be single and fuck around.
Sami wants to be single.
Sami and Layla are both young.
Sami and Layla are both underage.
Sami liked Layla's hair.
Sami was wearing a beanie.
Sami likes doing this.
Layla thought that I wanted her man.
Layla really thought that I wanted her man.
Sami was at an Indian restaurant.
Sami was a waiter at an Indian restaurant.
Sami was paid every week.
Sami was robbing Layla.
Sami wanted to see something interesting.
Sami didn't want to look.
Sami did not want to look.
Sami was pretty good at serving.
Sami was working for a foreign restaurant.
Sami memorized the menu.
Sami loves this appetizer.
Sami requested vegan food.
Sami was there before me.
Sami wants to hear about that, too.
Sami and Layla switched shifts on Valentine's Day.
Sami and Layla were arguing about this.
Sami was the top server in that restaurant.
Sami was filming himself.
Sami was good.
Sami and Layla looked very young.
Sami and Layla were in their late sixties.
Layla had short brown hair.
Sami sat the customers down and took their orders.
Sami kept talking to her.
Sami got our order.
Sami used to hate that.
Sami was yelling in my fucking face.
Sami got Layla some wine.
Sami ordered a vegan dish.
Sami was a strict vegetarian.
Sami was super drunk.
Sami forced Layla to steal.
Sami stole for Layla.
Sami used to steal.
Sami was fucking drunk.
Sami fucked up a lot.
Sami finished eating.
Sami said that was not what he order.
Sami didn't see Layla's face.
Sami doesn't see my face.
Sami is vegan.
Sami is vegetarian.
Sami was not really talking.
Sami wasn't really talking.
Sami got Layla another glass of wine.
This is very big.
Sami got drunk in the kitchen.
Sami doesn't need anything else.
Sami wanted to sit here for a little bit.
Sami drank a bottle of wine.
Sami got Layla her wine.
Sami is going to the kitchen.
Sami has already paid.
Sami fucked up.
Sami closed the book.
Sami tipped the waitress.
Sami doesn't even know the word for it.
Sami took the check back to the cash register.
Sami has been a server for six years.
Sami could have done much better.
Sami told us the price.
Sami should make a better decision.
Sami couldn't even see that.
Sami was reading the menu.
Sami gave Layla a piece of candy and wished her a happy birthday.
Sami didn't tip the server.
Sami stood at his desk, reading that letter.
Sami paid for the meal.
Sami will be paying for the meal.
Sami was abusing that girl.
Sami was looking for that girl.
Sami was looking for his manager.
Sami was so immature.
Layla thought that I was trying to steal her husband.
Sami kept the receipt.
Sami went crazy.
Sami made a new intro for his YouTube series.
Sami was fucking crazy.
Sami is a fan of storytime videos.
Sami went to middle school with Layla.
Sami has always been the same.
Sami was very crazy.
Sami wants to hear that story.
Sami beat up his teacher.
Sami knows that Layla knows.
Sami would draw all the time.
Sami drew a portait of Layla.
Sami was so happy about it.
Layla had such beautiful features.
Layla had very pretty features.
Sami picked on Layla a lot.
Sami always stood up for Layla.
Sami has got to fucking stop doing this.
Sami is cool.
Sami had sign language with Layla.
Sami took six months of sign language.
Sami's name starts with an S.
Sami's last name starts with a B.
Sami was in his sophomore year.
Sami had to do an assignment.
Sami was working on his mid-term assignment.
Sami had to do another assignment.
Sami had to do the assignment in front of the class.
Sami didn't do his assignment.
Sami didn't finish his assignment.
Sami was doing his thing.
Sami is not a boy anymore.
Sami sat in the front row.
Sami was laughing at Layla.
Sami knows Layla from middle school.
Sami kicked Layla's seat and asked her to stop doing that.
Sami was really embarrassed.
Sami doesn't like stuff like that.
Sami was an introverted person.
Sami was very introverted.
Sami loves his family.
Sami wasn't an extroverted person.
Sami was really taunting Layla in her face.
How did you know Tom had never been to Australia?
How did you know that Tom had never been to Australia?
How did you know Tom would be in Australia?
How did you know that Tom would be in Australia?
How did you know Tom was going to Australia?
How did you know that Tom was going to Australia?
How did you know Tom was going be in Australia?
How did you know that Tom was going be in Australia?
How did you know Tom wanted to go to Australia?
How did you know that Tom wanted to go to Australia?
Did you know Tom was planning to move to Australia?
Did you know that Tom was planning to move to Australia?
Did you know Tom was planning to go to Australia with Mary?
Did you know that Tom was planning to go to Australia with Mary?
Did you know Tom was planning on moving to Australia?
Did you know that Tom was planning on moving to Australia?
Did you know Tom was living in Australia?
Did you know that Tom was living in Australia?
Did you know Tom was in Australia?
Did you know that Tom was in Australia?
Did you know Tom was in Australia last year?
Did you know that Tom was in Australia last year?
Did you know Tom was going to go to Australia with Mary?
Did you know that Tom was going to go to Australia with Mary?
Did you know Tom was going to Australia with Mary?
Did you know that Tom was going to Australia with Mary?
Did you know Tom was going to be in Australia next October?
Did you know that Tom was going to be in Australia next October?
Did you know Tom was going to be in Australia all week?
Did you know that Tom was going to be in Australia all week?
Did you know Tom used to live in Australia?
Did you know that Tom used to live in Australia?
Did you know Tom lived in Australia for three years?
Did you know that Tom lived in Australia for three years?
Did you know Tom isn't really from Australia?
Did you know that Tom isn't really from Australia?
Did you know Tom is planning on moving to Australia?
Did you know that Tom is planning on moving to Australia?
Did you know Tom is in Australia now?
Did you know that Tom is in Australia now?
Did you know Tom was going to go to Australia tomorrow?
Did you know that Tom was going to go to Australia tomorrow?
Did you know Tom used to work in Australia?
Did you know that Tom used to work in Australia?
Did you know Tom used to teach French in Australia?
Did you know that Tom used to teach French in Australia?
Did you know Tom lived in Australia?
Did you know that Tom lived in Australia?
Did you know Tom had relatives in Australia?
Did you know that Tom had relatives in Australia?
Did you know Tom had a house in Australia?
Did you know that Tom had a house in Australia?
Did you know Tom died in Australia?
Did you know that Tom died in Australia?
Did Tom think I was in Australia?
Did Tom think that I was in Australia?
How did you know I was in Australia?
How did you know that I was in Australia?
How did you know I was from Australia?
How did you know that I was from Australia?
How did you know I wanted to go to Australia?
How did you know that I wanted to go to Australia?
How did you know I wanted to be in Australia?
How did you know that I wanted to be in Australia?
How did you know I used to teach French in Australia?
How did you know that I used to teach French in Australia?
How did you know I used to live in Australia?
How did you know that I used to live in Australia?
How did you know I grew up in Australia?
How did you know that I grew up in Australia?
How did you know I didn't want to go to Australia?
How did you know that I didn't want to go to Australia?
How long do you think I should stay in Australia?
How long do you think that I should stay in Australia?
How has Australia changed since you were a kid?
How has Australia changed since you were a child?
I wish that you'd go to Australia with Tom.
I wish you'd go to Australia with Tom.
I wish that you could've met Tom when you were in Australia.
I wish you could've met Tom when you were in Australia.
I wish that we could go to Australia and visit Tom.
I wish we could go to Australia and visit Tom.
I wish that Tom would stay in Australia until Christmas.
I wish Tom would stay in Australia until Christmas.
I wish that Tom would come to Australia.
I wish Tom would come to Australia.
I wish that Tom were here in Australia with us.
I wish Tom were here in Australia with us.
I wish that Tom had stayed in Australia all summer.
I wish Tom had stayed in Australia all summer.
I wish that Tom could go to Australia with me.
I wish Tom could go to Australia with me.
I wish that I were with Tom back in Australia.
I wish I were with Tom back in Australia.
I wish that I hadn't told Tom that I'd go to Australia with him.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I'd go to Australia with him.
I wish that I hadn't promised Tom I'd go to Australia with him.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom I'd go to Australia with him.
I wish that I hadn't gone to Australia with Tom.
I wish I hadn't gone to Australia with Tom.
I wish that I had gone to Australia with Tom.
I wish I had gone to Australia with Tom.
I wish that I could go to Australia with Tom.
I wish I could go to Australia with Tom.
I told Tom he should leave Australia.
I told Tom that he should leave Australia.
I told Tom he shouldn't go to Australia with Mary.
I told Tom that he shouldn't go to Australia with Mary.
I told Tom I didn't want to go to Australia with him.
I told Tom that I didn't want to go to Australia with him.
I told Tom I grew up in Australia, even though I actually grew up in New Zealand.
I told Tom that I grew up in Australia, even though I actually grew up in New Zealand.
I told Tom I thought Mary was in Australia, but he said he thought Mary was in New Zealand.
I told Tom that I thought Mary was in Australia, but he said he thought Mary was in New Zealand.
I told Tom I thought Mary was in Australia, but he said that he thought Mary was in New Zealand.
I told Tom that I thought Mary was in Australia, but he said that he thought Mary was in New Zealand.
I told Tom I thought you were in Australia.
I told Tom that I thought you were in Australia.
I told Tom I wanted to go to Australia with him.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Australia with him.
I told Tom I wanted to go to Australia, but I didn't tell him why.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Australia, but I didn't tell him why.
I told Tom I was from Australia.
I told Tom that I was from Australia.
I told Tom I was going to Australia.
I told Tom that I was going to Australia.
I told Tom I wasn't interested in going to Australia with him.
I told Tom that I wasn't interested in going to Australia with him.
I told Tom I would go to Australia with him.
I told Tom that I would go to Australia with him.
I told Tom I wouldn't go to Australia with him.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go to Australia with him.
I told Tom I wouldn't go to Australia.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go to Australia.
I told Tom I wouldn't stay in Australia for more than three weeks.
I told Tom that I wouldn't stay in Australia for more than three weeks.
I told Tom I'd go to Australia.
I told Tom that I'd go to Australia.
I told Tom I'd stay in Australia until Monday.
I told Tom that I'd stay in Australia until Monday.
I told Tom I'm from Australia.
I told Tom that I'm from Australia.
I told Tom we were going to Australia for a few days.
I told Tom that we were going to Australia for a few days.
I told Tom you used to live in Australia.
I told Tom that you used to live in Australia.
I told Tom you were in Australia.
I told Tom that you were in Australia.
I told Tom you'd come to Australia.
I told Tom that you'd come to Australia.
I thought I heard Tom was going to move to Australia.
I thought I'd go to Australia with Tom.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to Australia.
I thought that Tom and Mary were going to Australia.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to be in Australia.
I thought that Tom and Mary were supposed to be in Australia.
I thought Tom died last year in Australia.
I thought that Tom died last year in Australia.
I thought Tom had gone to Australia.
I thought that Tom had gone to Australia.
I thought Tom had never been to Australia.
I thought that Tom had never been to Australia.
I thought Tom lived in Australia.
I thought that Tom lived in Australia.
I thought Tom said Mary was from Australia.
I thought that Tom said Mary was from Australia.
I thought Tom said that Mary was from Australia.
I thought that Tom said that Mary was from Australia.
I thought Tom was from Australia.
I thought that Tom was from Australia.
I thought Tom was going to Australia with you.
I thought that Tom was going to Australia with you.
I thought Tom was going to be in Australia last month.
I thought that Tom was going to be in Australia last month.
I thought Tom was having a good time in Australia.
I thought that Tom was having a good time in Australia.
I thought Tom was living in Australia.
I thought that Tom was living in Australia.
I thought Tom was supposed to be in Australia.
I thought that Tom was supposed to be in Australia.
I thought Tom was unhappy in Australia.
I thought that Tom was unhappy in Australia.
I thought Tom wasn't in Australia.
I thought that Tom wasn't in Australia.
I thought Tom would ask Mary to go to Australia with him.
I thought that Tom would ask Mary to go to Australia with him.
I thought Tom would ask Mary to go with him to Australia.
I thought that Tom would ask Mary to go with him to Australia.
I thought Tom would be in Australia by now.
I thought that Tom would be in Australia by now.
I thought Tom would be in Australia on Monday.
I thought that Tom would be in Australia on Monday.
I thought Tom would be returning to Australia.
I thought that Tom would be returning to Australia.
I thought Tom would go to Australia to see Mary.
I thought that Tom would go to Australia to see Mary.
I thought Tom would go to Australia with Mary.
I thought that Tom would go to Australia with Mary.
I thought Tom would stay in Australia for a couple of weeks.
I thought that Tom would stay in Australia for a couple of weeks.
I thought you and Tom were going to go to Australia.
I thought that you and Tom were going to go to Australia.
I thought you said Tom didn't live in Australia anymore.
I thought that you said Tom didn't live in Australia anymore.
I thought you said Tom used to live in Australia.
I thought that you said Tom used to live in Australia.
I thought you said Tom was in Australia.
I thought that you said Tom was in Australia.
I thought you said we weren't going to go to Australia with Tom.
I thought that you said we weren't going to go to Australia with Tom.
I thought you were in Australia with Tom.
I thought that you were in Australia with Tom.
I thought you'd want to go to Australia with Tom.
I thought that you'd want to go to Australia with Tom.
I thought the company had sent Tom to Australia.
I think we shouldn't let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I think that we shouldn't let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I think we should let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I think that we should let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I think it would be a good idea for you to go to Australia with Tom.
I think that it would be a good idea for you to go to Australia with Tom.
I think I'll take Tom to Australia with me.
I think that I'll take Tom to Australia with me.
I think I'll go to Australia with Tom.
I think that I'll go to Australia with Tom.
I think I'd better go to Australia with Tom.
I think that I'd better go to Australia with Tom.
I suspected Tom wasn't really planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspected that Tom wasn't really planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspected Tom had never actually ever visited Australia.
I suspected that Tom had never actually ever visited Australia.
I suspected Tom had gone to Australia.
I suspected that Tom had gone to Australia.
I suspected Tom didn't really want to go to Australia.
I suspected that Tom didn't really want to go to Australia.
I sure hope Tom visits Australia.
I sure hope that Tom visits Australia.
I sure hope Tom goes to Australia next month.
I sure hope that Tom goes to Australia next month.
I sure hope Tom comes to Australia in October.
I sure hope that Tom comes to Australia in October.
How come you never told me you were from Australia?
How come you never told that me you were from Australia?
Have you spent much time in Australia?
Have you spent a lot of time in Australia?
Have you lived in Australia a long time?
Have you lived in Australia for a long time?
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he'd spent his summer vacation in Australia.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he'd spent his summer vacation in Australia.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he didn't want to go to Australia.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't want to go to Australia.
I wasn't sure I really wanted to go to Australia with Tom.
I wasn't sure that I really wanted to go to Australia with Tom.
I wasn't aware Tom had moved to Australia.
I wasn't aware that Tom had moved to Australia.
I was very surprised when Tom told me that Mary had left Australia.
I was very surprised when Tom told me Mary had left Australia.
I was told Tom has moved to Australia.
I was told that Tom has moved to Australia.
I was told Tom is still in Australia.
I was told that Tom is still in Australia.
I was told Tom now lives in Australia.
I was told that Tom now lives in Australia.
I was surprised when I found out Tom was born in Australia.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom was born in Australia.
I was surprised when Tom said he was planning to go to Australia.
I was surprised when Tom said that he was planning to go to Australia.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't go to Australia.
I was hoping that Tom wouldn't go to Australia.
I wanted to go to Australia with Tom, but he said he didn't want to go with me.
I wanted to go to Australia with Tom, but he said that he didn't want to go with me.
I understand Tom is leaving Australia tonight.
I understand that Tom is leaving Australia tonight.
I tried to persuade Tom to come to Australia with us, but he said he had other things he had to do.
I tried to persuade Tom to come to Australia with us, but he said that he had other things he had to do.
I told you Tom wanted to go to Australia.
I told you that Tom wanted to go to Australia.
I suppose you want to live in Australia with Tom.
I suppose that you want to live in Australia with Tom.
I suggest you go to Australia with Tom.
I suggest that you go to Australia with Tom.
I suggest you go to Australia with Tom next week.
I suggest that you go to Australia with Tom next week.
I still think we should've gone to Australia with Tom.
I still think that we should've gone to Australia with Tom.
I should've told Tom I didn't want to go to Australia with him.
I should've told Tom that I didn't want to go to Australia with him.
I should probably tell Tom I'm going to Australia.
I should probably tell Tom that I'm going to Australia.
I should tell Tom I won't go to Australia with him.
I should tell Tom that I won't go to Australia with him.
I see Tom every time he comes to Australia.
I see Tom every time that he comes to Australia.
I promised Tom I wouldn't go to Australia.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't go to Australia.
I promised Tom I wouldn't stay in Australia for more than three days.
I promised Tom that I wouldn't stay in Australia for more than three days.
I promised Tom I'd go to Australia with him.
I promised Tom that I'd go to Australia with him.
I plan to go to Australia whether Tom wants to go with me or not.
I plan on going to Australia whether Tom wants to go with me or not.
I overheard Tom saying he was moving to Australia.
I overheard Tom saying that he was moving to Australia.
I never told Tom I wanted to go to Australia with him.
I never told Tom that I wanted to go to Australia with him.
I never thought I'd see Tom in Australia again.
I never thought that I'd see Tom in Australia again.
I never thought Tom would come back to Australia again.
I never thought that Tom would come back to Australia again.
I love the fact Tom is back in Australia.
I love the fact that Tom is back in Australia.
How do you like Australia?
I want you to take Tom to Australia with you.
How did you like Australia?
I should've let Tom go to Australia with you.
How did you go to Australia?
I saw Tom a couple of weeks ago in Australia.
How did you get to Australia?
How did you come to Australia?
I told Tom not to go to Australia with Mary.
How are you going to Australia?
I shouldn't have gone to Australia with Tom.
Have you ever gone to Australia?
I should've told Tom not to go to Australia.
Have you ever visited Australia?
I really should go to Australia to help Tom.
How did you end up in Australia?
I often stay with Tom when I'm in Australia.
Have you ever lived in Australia?
I wonder if Tom has ever been to Australia.
How do you like Australia so far?
I was supposed to go to Australia with Tom.
Have you been to Australia before?
I visited Tom in Australia three years ago.
How long will you be in Australia?
I stayed with Tom while I was in Australia.
How long you will be in Australia?
I stayed at Tom's while I was in Australia.
Have you lived in Australia before?
I met Tom while I was staying in Australia.
Haven't you ever visited Australia?
I let Tom go to Australia with his friends.
How do you plan to go to Australia?
I wonder if Tom has really left Australia.
How long did you live in Australia?
I want to know when Tom came to Australia.
How long did you work in Australia?
I stayed with Tom when I was in Australia.
Have you been to Australia recently?
I should've told Tom to stay in Australia.
How do you like living in Australia?
I met Tom when I was working in Australia.
How do you usually get to Australia?
I met Tom when I was staying in Australia.
How long did you spend in Australia?
I was in Australia when Tom was murdered.
How long will you stay in Australia?
I was in Australia when Tom was arrested.
How many days were you in Australia?
I wanted to go to Australia to visit Tom.
Have you lived in Australia for long?
I wanted Tom to go to Australia with me.
How did you guys end up in Australia?
I should've told Tom to visit Australia.
Have you ever spent time in Australia?
I wonder if Tom really likes Australia.
How are you going to get to Australia?
I wonder if Tom is really in Australia.
How long have you worked in Australia?
I want you to go to Australia with Tom.
How long will you remain in Australia?
I visited Tom while I was in Australia.
Have you ever been in Australia before?
I visited Tom last spring in Australia.
Have you ever been to Australia before?
I should've gone to Australia with Tom.
Have you ever visited Australia before?
I wonder if Tom is still in Australia.
How did you start working in Australia?
I visited Tom when I was in Australia.
Have you considered moving to Australia?
I ran into Tom last week in Australia.
Here in Australia, things are different.
I ran into Tom in Australia last week.
How did you get to Australia so quickly?
I know why Tom doesn't like Australia.
How long do you plan to be in Australia?
I wanted to go to Australia with Tom.
How many days did you stay in Australia?
I stayed at Tom's house in Australia.
How long are we going to be in Australia?
I know why Tom didn't like Australia.
How long have you been here in Australia?
I sent Tom to Australia in my place.
How long will you be away from Australia?
I saw Tom in Australia last weekend.
How many days did you spend in Australia?
I remember meeting Tom in Australia.
How many days will you stay in Australia?
I wonder if Tom has left Australia.
Have you ever spent any time in Australia?
I wonder how Tom went to Australia.
How are we going to get back to Australia?
I want to go to Australia with Tom.
How long are you going to be in Australia?
I want Tom to go back to Australia.
How long do you have to stay in Australia?
I urged Tom to return to Australia.
How long do you intend to be in Australia?
I spent time with Tom in Australia.
How long do you need to stay in Australia?
I persuaded Tom to go to Australia.
How long do you plan to stay in Australia?
I need to go to Australia with Tom.
How long do you want to stay in Australia?
I met Tom while I was in Australia.
How long will you be staying in Australia?
I know why Tom stayed in Australia.
How many friends do you have in Australia?
I wanted Tom to come to Australia.
How many months did you stay in Australia?
I told Tom not to go to Australia.
How long did you say you were in Australia?
I should be in Australia with Tom.
How many days will you remain in Australia?
I saw Tom in Australia last month.
Have you gotten used to living in Australia?
I once went to Australia with Tom.
How long are you going to live in Australia?
I met Tom when I was in Australia.
How long are you going to stay in Australia?
I won't go to Australia with Tom.
How long do you intend to stay in Australia?
I went to Australia to visit Tom.
How long have you been staying in Australia?
I was in Australia when Tom died.
How long will you have to stay in Australia?
I want to visit Tom in Australia.
How long you stay in Australia is up to you.
I saw Tom in Australia last week.
Have you met any Canadians here in Australia?
I might go to Australia with Tom.
How long do you plan on staying in Australia?
I met Tom last year in Australia.
How long have you already spent in Australia?
I met Tom in Australia last year.
Have you ever been to Australia in the spring?
I met Tom in Australia last week.
How difficult is it to find a job in Australia?
I know why Tom went to Australia.
How many days do you want to stay in Australia?
I know why Tom came to Australia.
Have you ever thought about moving to Australia?
I wonder if Tom likes Australia.
Have you heard about what happened in Australia?
I wonder if Tom is in Australia.
How long ago was it that you lived in Australia?
I won't let Tom go to Australia.
How long are you planning on being in Australia?
I went to Australia to meet Tom.
Have you considered going to school in Australia?
I was visiting Tom in Australia.
How did your plans to move to Australia work out?
I want Tom to move to Australia.
How long has it been since you moved to Australia?
I want Tom to come to Australia.
I went to see Tom in Australia.
How long would you recommend we stay in Australia?
I went to Australia to see Tom.
How many major universities are there in Australia?
I stayed in Australia with Tom.
How long has it been since you've been to Australia?
I know why Tom is in Australia.
How many hotels do you think there are in Australia?
I told Tom to visit Australia.
How long would it take to get to Australia from here?
I lived in Australia with Tom.
How long would it take us to get to Australia by car?
I know why Tom left Australia.
Have you considered trying to find a job in Australia?
I went to Australia with Tom.
Have you decided when you're going to go to Australia?
I visited Australia with Tom.
Have you heard about what happened in Australia today?
I went to Australia for Tom.
How many churches do you think there are in Australia?
I spoke to Tom in Australia.
How difficult was it for you to find a job here in Australia?
I visited Tom in Australia.
Have you thought about what time of year you want to visit Australia?
Have you been living in Australia long?
I lived with Tom in Australia for three years.
Have you been in Australia long?
I met Tom last summer when I was in Australia.
Have you been happy here in Australia?
I might be able to stay in Australia with Tom.
Have you been enjoying your stay in Australia?
I plan to visit Tom in Australia next weekend.
Have you been back to Australia?
I should've told Tom not to come to Australia.
Have you been back to Australia since you graduated?
I should've told Tom not to stay in Australia.
Have you been back to Australia since you graduated from college?
I want to know what Tom is doing in Australia.
Have you been back to Australia recently?
I want to know when Tom is going to Australia.
Have you already been to Australia?
I went to Australia with one of Tom's friends.
Have fun in Australia.
I plan to go to Australia next year to see Tom.
Has your father ever been to Australia?
I really should've told Tom to visit Australia.
Everyone wanted to go to Australia.
Everybody wanted to go to Australia.
Everyone knows you went to Australia.
Everybody knows you went to Australia.
Everyone I know has left Australia.
Everybody I know has left Australia.
Everyone here except you is from Australia.
Everybody here except you is from Australia.
Everyone here except me has lived in Australia.
Everybody here except me has lived in Australia.
Everyone here but me has lived in Australia.
Everybody here but me has lived in Australia.
Everyone stayed in Australia except me.
Everybody stayed in Australia except me.
Everyone knows I used to live in Australia.
Everybody knows I used to live in Australia.
Has anyone here been to Australia?
Has anybody here been to Australia?
Has anyone here ever been to Australia?
Has anybody here ever been to Australia?
Don't you wish you could go to Australia with us?
Don't you wish that you could go to Australia with us?
Don't you think you'd like to live in Australia?
Don't you think that you'd like to live in Australia?
Don't you think you'll ever move back to Australia?
Don't you think that you'll ever move back to Australia?
Don't you think you'll move back to Australia, eventually?
Don't you think that you'll move back to Australia, eventually?
Don't tell me you've never been to Australia.
Don't tell me that you've never been to Australia.
Do you think you'll stay in Australia long?
Do you think that you'll stay in Australia long?
Do you think you'll ever move back to Australia?
Do you think that you'll ever move back to Australia?
Do you think you'll be in Australia all summer?
Do you think that you'll be in Australia all summer?
Do you think you'll be able to visit Australia next year?
Do you think that you'll be able to visit Australia next year?
Do you think you'd like to live in Australia?
Do you think that you'd like to live in Australia?
Do you think they'll know we're from Australia?
Do you think that they'll know we're from Australia?
Do you think they'll figure out we're from Australia?
Do you think that they'll figure out we're from Australia?
Do you think it'll be easy to find a job in Australia?
Do you think that it'll be easy to find a job in Australia?
Do you think I should go to Australia?
Do you think that I should go to Australia?
Don't forget I've been to Australia.
Don't forget that I've been to Australia.
Does this mean you're not going to go to Australia?
Does this mean that you're not going to go to Australia?
Do you still think you'll be in Australia all summer?
Do you still think that you'll be in Australia all summer?
Do you remember the first time we went to Australia together?
Do you remember the first time that we went to Australia together?
Do you remember the first time you and I went to Australia together?
Do you remember the first time that you and I went to Australia together?
Do you remember the time we went to Australia together?
Do you remember the time that we went to Australia together?
Do you really think your parents will let you go to Australia by yourself?
Do you really think that your parents will let you go to Australia by yourself?
Layla's nails were razor-sharp.
Layla sharpened her nails.
Sami can't use the sink.
Sami wants to do a good job.
Sami's dishwasher is broken.
Sami fixed the dishwasher.
Sami won't tell Layla.
Sami asked Layla not to tell Farid.
Sami knows all the good poets.
Sami reads about books a year.
Sami reads about sixty books a year.
Sami is a convict.
Sami is in jail now.
Sami was in jail then.
Sami works during the day.
Sami must have told Layla.
Sami is an ex-con.
Sami had some cookies.
Sami has got to watch his figure.
Sami robbed the jewelry with a toy gun.
Sami got the plumbing bill.
Sami showed Layla his stamp collection.
Sami took the gun in his right hand.
Sami squeezed Layla's hand too hard.
Sami is in the kitchen.
Sami is a plumber.
Sami is a prisoner, too.
Sami was holding Layla prisoner in his house.
Sami is very nice.
Sami struck Layla in the neck.
Sami struck Layla.
Sami was just sitting here.
Sami went to the nurse's office.
Sami went to middle school.
Sami met Layla three days before the last day of school.
Sami just kept drawing.
Sami wasn't paying any attention to the teacher.
Sami signed the report.
Sami had a D.
Sami had an F.
Sami doesn't do that.
Sami had a look at Layla's progress report.
Sami was screaming in front of the whole class.
Sami's head was hanging low.
Sami's shoulder were shaking.
Sami felt so bad.
Sami loves sign language.
Sami felt bad for Layla.
Sami signed the paper.
Sami snatched the pen off of Layla's hand.
Sami's classroom was on the second floor.
Sami ran out of the classroom.
Sami ran for the balcony.
Sami put his hands on the rail.
Sami was the hero.
Sami was the hero in the story.
Sami grabbed Layla by her mid-section.
Sami cannot remember which of the twins was in his room.
Sami can't remember which of the twins was in his room.
Sami was trying to kill somebody.
Sami did't even think about that.
Sami is always right.
Sami is obviously always right.
Sami was in the office.
Sami didn't see Layla for the rest of the school day.
Sami has done a lot of crazy shit.
Sami has got to do this.
Sami bullied Layla.
Sami picked on Layla.
Sami is bullying Layla.
Sami was on the bus with Layla.
Sami let Layla know about that.
Sami was speaking to Layla.
Sami pissed Layla off.
Sami feels uncomfortable.
Sami is afraid of Farid.
Layla was talking about her nails.
Sami swallowed the coin.
Sami accidentally swallowed the coin.
Sami hopped in the car.
Sami took Layla with him.
Sami has been working all time.
Sami has many toy weapons.
Sami brought the bucket from the bathroom.
Sami is cooking dinner.
Sami is cooking us dinner.
Sami uses this pot for cooking.
Sami left before the job was finished.
Sami is a plumber from Cairo.
Sami is in the big house.
Sami has a driver.
Sami hired a driver.
Sami wasn't very good at it.
Sami was not very good at it.
Sami is on a rehabilitation program.
Sami is on a rehab program.
Sami doesn't want an ex-con working at his office.
Sami is gonna make this call.
Sami is going to make this call.
Sami did that in front of the kids.
Sami did that in front of the children.
Sami was having a nightmare.
Sami shouldn't do this in front of the kids.
Sami shouldn't do this in front of the children.
Sami had a bad dream.
Sami is still there.
Sami still lives there.
Sami wouldn't hurt anyone.
Sami was strangling Layla.
Sami slammed the door in Layla's face.
Sami had that big smile on his face.
Sami was a dangerous criminal.
Sami let his dog out.
Sami served his time.
Sami is done serving his time.
Sami is out of jail.
Sami will do it for you.
Sami showed Layla a card trick.
Sami taught Layla a card trick.
Sami knows many card tricks.
Sami loves Layla's card tricks.
Sami learned some card tricks in jail.
Sami made a video about card tricks.
Sami became a useful citizen.
Sami knows everything about that.
Sami robbed Layla.
Sami robbed a jewelry.
Sami came in with a gun.
Sami is good at card tricks.
Sami should stop moving.
Sami told Layla to stop moving.
Sami hasn't had sex with Layla in six months.
Sami no longer sleeps with Layla.
Sami touched that button.
Sami was writing that down.
Sami can remember.
Sami was inside the bank.
Sami was standing behind the counter.
Sami hid behind the counter.
Sami works behind the counter.
Sami was single.
Sami was still single.
Sami is gonna like it.
Sami is going to like it.
Sami is working here in the house.
Sami had gloves on.
Sami has an early class.
Sami really loves Layla.
Sami needs to go to school.
Sami is going to school.
Sami ate the cake.
Sami is still here.
Sami still lives on that farm.
Sami is going over to Layla's.
Sami is going to Layla's place.
Sami will be alright.
Sami inspected and cleaned his guns.
Sami wants to stay home.
Sami prefers to stay home.
Sami is staying home.
Sami's daughter was upstairs.
Sami told everybody.
Sami said nothing about the Mafia.
Sami isn't suprised.
Sami gave up plumbing.
Sami can win.
Sami's words say a lot.
Sami is not a plumber.
Sami is not going to let Layla down.
Sami isn't going to let Layla down.
Sami has got to finish his job.
Sami is going to finish his job.
Sami is gonna finish this job.
Sami can handle this job.
Sami was learning a new card trick.
Sami can do this card trick.
Sami is a good teacher.
Sami gave Layla the cards.
Sami doesn't have to show Layla that.
Sami moved.
Sami shouldn't feel bad.
I know Tom went to Australia. I wonder if Mary went, too.
I know that Tom went to Australia. I wonder if Mary went, too.
I know Tom went to Australia.
I know that Tom went to Australia.
I know Tom is in Australia.
I know that Tom is in Australia.
I know Tom is from Australia.
I know that Tom is from Australia.
I know Tom has already left for Australia.
I know that Tom has already left for Australia.
I know Tom has already left Australia.
I know that Tom has already left Australia.
I know Tom and Mary went to Australia together.
I know that Tom and Mary went to Australia together.
I know Tom and Mary have never gone to Australia together.
I know that Tom and Mary have never gone to Australia together.
I know Tom won't go to Australia next week.
I know that Tom won't go to Australia next week.
I know Tom will leave for Australia soon.
I know that Tom will leave for Australia soon.
I know Tom will come to Australia.
I know that Tom will come to Australia.
I know Tom visited Australia.
I know that Tom visited Australia.
I know Tom isn't planning to go to Australia with you.
I know that Tom isn't planning to go to Australia with you.
I know Tom isn't planning on going to Australia with you.
I know that Tom isn't planning on going to Australia with you.
I know Tom isn't in Australia.
I know that Tom isn't in Australia.
I know Tom is in Australia right now.
I know that Tom is in Australia right now.
I know Tom is in Australia now.
I know that Tom is in Australia now.
I know Tom has to go to Australia.
I know that Tom has to go to Australia.
I know Tom has lived in Australia.
I know that Tom has lived in Australia.
I know Tom has gone to Australia.
I know that Tom has gone to Australia.
I know Tom has a house in Australia.
I know that Tom has a house in Australia.
I know Tom didn't visit Australia.
I know that Tom didn't visit Australia.
I know Tom didn't go to Australia.
I know that Tom didn't go to Australia.
I know Tom can't come to Australia, but I wish he would.
I know that Tom can't come to Australia, but I wish he would.
I know Tom came to Australia last week.
I know that Tom came to Australia last week.
I knew you'd want to go to Australia with Tom.
I knew that you'd want to go to Australia with Tom.
I knew you wouldn't want to go to Australia with Tom.
I knew that you wouldn't want to go to Australia with Tom.
I knew you wouldn't go to Australia with Tom.
I knew that you wouldn't go to Australia with Tom.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to go to Australia with Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to go to Australia with Mary.
I knew Tom wouldn't have to stay in Australia all week.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have to stay in Australia all week.
I knew Tom would want to go to Australia with Mary.
I knew that Tom would want to go to Australia with Mary.
I knew Tom would have to stay in Australia longer than he had planned to.
I knew that Tom would have to stay in Australia longer than he had planned to.
I knew Tom wasn't in Australia.
I knew that Tom wasn't in Australia.
I knew Tom wasn't going to Australia.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to Australia.
I knew Tom used to live in Australia.
I knew that Tom used to live in Australia.
I knew Tom was in Australia.
I knew that Tom was in Australia.
I knew Tom was from Australia.
I knew that Tom was from Australia.
I hope you and Tom have a good time in Australia.
I hope that you and Tom have a good time in Australia.
I hope Tom will like Australia.
I hope that Tom will like Australia.
I hope Tom will come to Australia with you.
I hope that Tom will come to Australia with you.
I hope Tom will be happy in Australia.
I hope that Tom will be happy in Australia.
I hope Tom stays in Australia.
I hope that Tom stays in Australia.
I hope Tom stays in Australia for at least another three days.
I hope that Tom stays in Australia for at least another three days.
I hope Tom isn't still in Australia.
I hope that Tom isn't still in Australia.
I hope Tom isn't in Australia next week.
I hope that Tom isn't in Australia next week.
I hope Tom is in Australia now.
I hope that Tom is in Australia now.
I hope Tom is in Australia in October.
I hope that Tom is in Australia in October.
I hope Tom is in Australia for at least three weeks.
I hope that Tom is in Australia for at least three weeks.
I hope Tom is coming to Australia with you.
I hope that Tom is coming to Australia with you.
I hope Tom goes to Australia.
I hope that Tom goes to Australia.
I hope Tom doesn't have to move to Australia.
I hope that Tom doesn't have to move to Australia.
I hope Tom doesn't go to Australia with Mary.
I hope that Tom doesn't go to Australia with Mary.
I hope Tom doesn't go to Australia next weekend.
I hope that Tom doesn't go to Australia next weekend.
I hope Tom didn't go to Australia.
I hope that Tom didn't go to Australia.
I hope Tom didn't go to Australia with Mary.
I hope that Tom didn't go to Australia with Mary.
I hope Tom comes to Australia.
I hope that Tom comes to Australia.
I hope I have an opportunity to meet Tom when I'm in Australia.
I hope that I have an opportunity to meet Tom when I'm in Australia.
I hope I can meet Tom in Australia.
I hope that I can meet Tom in Australia.
I heard Tom went to Australia.
I heard that Tom went to Australia.
I heard Tom wanted to go to Australia with us.
I heard that Tom wanted to go to Australia with us.
I heard Tom used to live in Australia.
I heard that Tom used to live in Australia.
I heard Tom moved to Australia.
I heard that Tom moved to Australia.
I heard Tom is living in Australia.
I heard that Tom is living in Australia.
I heard Tom is going to Australia.
I heard that Tom is going to Australia.
I heard Tom doesn't live in Australia anymore.
I heard that Tom doesn't live in Australia anymore.
I heard Tom has come back to Australia for Christmas.
I heard that Tom has come back to Australia for Christmas.
I hear Tom might be coming to Australia.
I hear that Tom might be coming to Australia.
I hear Tom really likes living in Australia.
I hear that Tom really likes living in Australia.
I hear Tom isn't in Australia now.
I hear that Tom isn't in Australia now.
I know for sure Tom moved to Australia a year ago.
I know for sure that Tom moved to Australia a year ago.
I just heard Tom and Mary are coming back to Australia for Christmas.
I just heard that Tom and Mary are coming back to Australia for Christmas.
I just heard Tom and Mary are moving to Australia.
I just heard that Tom and Mary are moving to Australia.
I doubt Tom will visit Australia.
I doubt that Tom will visit Australia.
I doubt Tom will go to Australia.
I doubt that Tom will go to Australia.
I doubt Tom will come to Australia this year.
I doubt that Tom will come to Australia this year.
I doubt Tom will want to go to Australia with you.
I doubt that Tom will want to go to Australia with you.
I doubt Tom is still in Australia.
I doubt that Tom is still in Australia.
I don't think Tom would want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think that Tom would want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think Tom would like Australia.
I don't think that Tom would like Australia.
I don't think Tom will want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think that Tom will want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think Tom will like Australia.
I don't think that Tom will like Australia.
I don't think Tom will go to Australia next weekend.
I don't think that Tom will go to Australia next weekend.
I don't think Tom will ever come back to Australia.
I don't think that Tom will ever come back to Australia.
I don't think Tom will be in Australia.
I don't think that Tom will be in Australia.
I don't think Tom will be in Australia next winter.
I don't think that Tom will be in Australia next winter.
I don't think Tom will be in Australia next week.
I don't think that Tom will be in Australia next week.
I don't think Tom will be in Australia next summer.
I don't think that Tom will be in Australia next summer.
I don't think Tom will be in Australia next spring.
I don't think that Tom will be in Australia next spring.
I don't think Tom will be going to Australia with Mary.
I don't think that Tom will be going to Australia with Mary.
I don't think Tom was in Australia.
I don't think that Tom was in Australia.
I don't think Tom wants to spend any more time in Australia.
I don't think that Tom wants to spend any more time in Australia.
I don't think Tom wants to go to Australia with Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to go to Australia with Mary.
I don't think Tom should go back to Australia.
I don't think that Tom should go back to Australia.
I don't think Tom lives in Australia anymore.
I don't think that Tom lives in Australia anymore.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will visit Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will visit Australia.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will leave for Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will leave for Australia.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will leave Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will leave Australia.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary got back from Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary got back from Australia.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary came to Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary came to Australia.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is still in Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is still in Australia.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is in Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is in Australia.
I don't think Tom knows anyone in Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone in Australia.
I don't think Tom knows anybody in Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody in Australia.
I don't think Tom knows a lot about Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about Australia.
I don't think Tom is in Australia.
I don't think that Tom is in Australia.
I don't think Tom is going to want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think that Tom is going to want to go to Australia with you.
I don't think Tom is going to Australia.
I don't think that Tom is going to Australia.
I don't think Tom is back from Australia yet.
I don't think that Tom is back from Australia yet.
I don't think Tom has very many friends in Australia.
I don't think that Tom has very many friends in Australia.
I don't think Tom has ever been to Australia.
I don't think that Tom has ever been to Australia.
I don't think Tom has any friends here in Australia.
I don't think that Tom has any friends here in Australia.
I don't think you should take Tom to Australia with you.
I don't think that you should take Tom to Australia with you.
I don't think Tom was in Australia last week.
I don't think that Tom was in Australia last week.
I don't think I should tell Tom that I'm going to Australia.
I don't think that I should tell Tom that I'm going to Australia.
Do you know anyone who's gone to Australia?
Do you know anybody who's gone to Australia?
Do you know anyone who's been to Australia?
Do you know anybody who's been to Australia?
Do you know anyone from Australia?
Do you know anybody from Australia?
Do you know anyone who lives in Australia?
Do you know anybody who lives in Australia?
Do you know anybody in Australia?
I haven't lived in Australia as long as Tom.
I haven't lived in Australia as long as Tom has.
I haven't been to Australia as many times as Tom.
I haven't been to Australia as many times as Tom has.
I forgot Tom used to live in Australia.
I forgot that Tom used to live in Australia.
I expect Tom will go to Australia next month.
I expect that Tom will go to Australia next month.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be in Australia next Monday.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be in Australia next Monday.
I don't want to tell Tom I was in Australia.
I don't want to tell Tom that I was in Australia.
I don't want to tell Tom I've been to Australia.
I don't want to tell Tom that I've been to Australia.
Do you plan to stay in Australia very long?
Do you plan to stay in Australia for very long?
Did anyone go to Australia with you?
Did anybody go to Australia with you?
Didn't you know I used to live in Australia?
Didn't you know that I used to live in Australia?
Didn't you know I was from Australia?
Didn't you know that I was from Australia?
Didn't you know I used to teach French in Australia?
Didn't you know that I used to teach French in Australia?
I invited Tom to Australia.
Do you three ever go to Australia together?
I first met Tom in Australia.
Do you want me to go to Australia with you?
I guess Tom was in Australia.
Do you want us to go to Australia with you?
I expect Tom to go to Australia.
Do you really want to go to Australia again?
I had to go to Australia with Tom.
Don't you want to come to Australia with me?
I have to go to Australia with Tom.
Do you still go to Australia every Christmas?
I don't want Tom to go to Australia.
Does Australia have any famous concert halls?
I don't want Tom to come to Australia.
Do you really want to go to Australia with me?
I don't want Tom to move to Australia.
Don't you three ever go to Australia together?
I just saw Tom last week in Australia.
Don't you want us to go to Australia with you?
I intend to stay in Australia with Tom.
Do you really want to leave Australia tomorrow?
I don't plan to go to Australia with Tom.
Give us a call as soon as you get to Australia.
I don't want to go to Australia with Tom.
Do you really want me to go to Australia with you?
I haven't been to Australia, but Tom has.
Do you really want to go to Australia by yourself?
I hope to see Tom while I'm in Australia.
Don't you want to stay in Australia for the summer?
I got to know Tom when I was in Australia.
Do you want to stay in Australia with us next summer?
I had to go back to Australia without Tom.
Don't blame them for what happened back in Australia.
I have visited Tom many times in Australia.
Don't you come to Australia three or four times a year?
I haven't been to Australia since Tom died.
Do you still want to stay in Australia with us next summer?
I don't want Tom to go to Australia with me.
Don't you remember that week we spent together in Australia?
I don't want Tom to go to Australia with us.
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in Australia?
I first met Tom at a conference in Australia.
Don't you remember those three weeks we spent together in Australia?
I don't like Australia and Tom doesn't either.
I just got the word that Tom will be moving to our Australia office.
I expected Tom to get home on Monday, but he's still in Australia.
Do you miss Australia?
I just can't believe you're planning to go to Australia with Tom.
Do you live in Australia?
I don't remember how many years Tom said he lived in Australia.
Do you know Australia well?
I heard Tom complaining about the cost of living in Australia.
Do you ever go to Australia?
I don't know why Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with me.
Do you ever visit Australia?
I don't know why Tom wants Mary to go to Australia with him.
Do you like it in Australia?
I don't know why Tom didn't want to go to Australia with me.
Did you visit Australia, too?
I heard Tom complain about the cost of living in Australia.
Do I have to go to Australia?
I don't know why Tom wants me to go to Australia with Mary.
Do I need to go to Australia?
I don't know why Tom wants me to go to Australia with him.
Do you go to Australia often?
I don't know why Tom wanted to go to Australia by himself.
Do you often go to Australia?
I haven't yet met the family Tom lived with in Australia.
Do we have to go to Australia?
I first met Tom right after he moved here from Australia.
Do you feel safe in Australia?
I have no objection to Tom going to Australia with Mary.
Do you live in Australia, too?
I don't like living in Australia and Tom doesn't either.
Did you really go to Australia?
I haven't seen Tom since he's come back from Australia.
Did you really visit Australia?
I happened to be in Australia at the same time Tom was.
Do you come to Australia often?
I don't know whether Tom still lives in Australia or not.
Do you have a map of Australia?
I don't know when Tom and Mary plan to go to Australia.
Do you have to go to Australia?
I don't know who Tom is going to go to Australia with.
Do you know where Australia is?
I haven't heard from Tom since he moved to Australia.
Do you plan to go to Australia?
I got to know Tom while I was in Australia last year.
Do you plan to visit Australia?
I don't know who Tom is planning to see in Australia.
I don't know when Tom is planning to go to Australia.
Do both of you work in Australia?
I enjoyed working with Tom last month in Australia.
Do you have friends in Australia?
I don't know who Tom wants to go to Australia with.
Do you know much about Australia?
I don't know whether Tom lives in Australia or not.
Did you visit Australia last year?
I don't know when Tom will get back from Australia.
Do you get to Australia very often?
I have visited Tom a number of times in Australia.
Do you intend to come to Australia?
I got to know Tom while I was living in Australia.
Do you need to go to Australia, too?
I don't know the reason why Tom went to Australia.
Do we really have to go to Australia?
I explained to Tom why we had to go to Australia.
Do you have any friends in Australia?
I don't know why Tom had to go back to Australia.
Do you own any property in Australia?
I don't know when Tom decided to leave Australia.
Do you have any pictures of Australia?
I doubt if Tom will be in Australia this summer.
Do you need to stay in Australia, too?
I doubt if Tom will be in Australia next Monday.
Do both of you still live in Australia?
I don't really want to go to Australia with Tom.
Do both of you still work in Australia?
I haven't spoken to Tom since I left Australia.
Do we have to stay in Australia all week?
I have visited Tom multiple times in Australia.
Do you know what time it is in Australia?
I expect Tom to stay in Australia until Monday.
Did you stay in Australia all last summer?
I don't want Tom to go to Australia without me.
Do you ever come to Australia on business?
I don't live in Australia and neither does Tom.
Do you have to stay in Australia all week?
I don't know who Tom will go to Australia with.
Did you really go to Australia last weekend?
I don't know when Tom will leave for Australia.
Do you intend to go to Australia in October?
I don't want Tom to go to Australia with Mary.
Do you ever do that when you're in Australia?
I don't know why Tom doesn't like Australia.
Do you know what happened in Australia today?
I don't know when Tom will visit Australia.
Do you plan to stay in Australia for a while?
I don't know when Tom will leave Australia.
Did you really not go to Australia last summer?
I don't know when Tom went to Australia.
Do you come to Australia more than once a year?
I don't know when Tom came to Australia.
Do you intend to stay in Australia for a while?
I don't know why Tom went to Australia.
Do you have any plans to come back to Australia?
I don't know when Tom got to Australia.
Do you know what the population of Australia is?
I don't know why Tom is in Australia.
Did your whole family come to Australia with you?
Tom is going to arrange everything.
I don't have much.
I don't need to ask Tom to do that.
I miss Boston a lot.
Tom is a reckless driver, isn't he?
I need to talk to Tom for a minute.
Tom is going to be drunk as always.
Which is your umbrella?
I'll probably vote for Tom Jackson.
Are you watching TV now?
Tom is a resourceful guy, isn't he?
I don't travel very often.
It was Tom who bought this for you.
I enjoy listening to jazz.
Tom is going to be grouchy all day.
Are there any tickets left?
Tom is a former resident of Boston.
Were there any tickets left?
Tom is a retired dentist, isn't he?
How long will this sale last?
Are you still trying to impress Tom?
I'll be working this weekend.
Tom is going to be hard to replace.
What color shoes did you buy?
Have you gotten any advice from Tom?
I've lived in here since 2013.
Tom is a retired teacher, isn't he?
These mushrooms are poisonous.
How did Tom know Mary would be here?
What'll you be doing tomorrow?
Tom is going to be here by evening.
I have no reason to doubt that.
I didn't want to ask Tom to do that.
I miss my friends in Boston a lot.
Tom is a science teacher, isn't he?
I've visited Boston many times.
I'll do that as soon as Tom lets me.
What'll you be doing on Monday?
Tom is going to be here right away.
What color umbrella did you buy?
The documents have been sent to Tom.
I need to be in Boston all month.
Tom is a songwriter, too, isn't he?
Mary is younger than her husband.
The only one who can stop Tom is me.
Our drummer is quitting the band.
Tom is going to call me around six.
What'll you be doing next Monday?
Tom and John were college roommates.
Would you wait here for a minute?
Tom is a stubborn person, isn't he?
I don't know what I should do next.
Tom and Mary are still unhappy here.
I don't usually eat out on Mondays.
Tom is going to call you every day.
I might not be in Boston next year.
Do you think this is fair?
Nor yet had Night climbed heaven, when up from sleep / starts Palinurus, and with listening ear / catches the breeze. He marks the stars, that keep / their courses, gliding through the silent sphere, / Arcturus, rainy Hyads and each Bear, / and, girt with gold, Orion.
I always park on the outskirts of town.
Tom learned a new word.
There must be a reason Tom isn't here.
Now I know the reason Tom hates me.
What's the real reason that Tom isn't here?
What's the real reason that Tom doesn't want to go to the party?
What's the real reason that Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with you?
What's the real reason that Tom doesn't want to do that?
What's the real reason that Tom didn't want to go to the party?
What's the real reason that Tom didn't want to do that?
What's the real reason that Tom didn't want to buy that?
What's the real reason that Tom didn't need to do that?
What's the real reason that Tom didn't have to do that?
There's no reason that Tom wouldn't want to do that.
There's no reason that Tom would've run away.
There's no reason that Tom would say something like that.
Do you think that this is fair?
Do you think that that's fair?
There's no reason that Tom would do that.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know why I want to do that.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know why I don't want to do that.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know why I didn't do that.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know why I did that.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know what Mary did.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know how much you bought your house for.
There's no reason that Tom has to know why I want to do that.
There's no reason that Tom has to know why I don't want to do that.
There's no reason that Tom has to know why I didn't do that.
There's no reason that Tom has to know why I did that.
The reason that Tom went to Boston was to do that.
The reason that Tom went to Boston was to do just that.
The reason that Tom isn't here is because he's sick.
Look around you, you're surrounded by good friends.
I'll spend the night at the police station.
I'm waiting for somebody to help me.
I'm not expecting that to happen.
Every language is equally precious and dear to its speakers.
Tom spent a lot of time playing games when he was a child.
Tom denied that happened.
We've learned that's OK.
I'm sure that'll happen.
It's possible that'll happen.
I'm convinced that'll happen.
Do you think that's accurate?
It is obvious that is a lie.
I'm positive that'll happen.
Are you saying that's wrong?
I'm certain that'll happen.
I wonder if that'll happen.
I only hope that is enough.
You know that's your duty.
I suspect that's not true.
I suspect that isn't true.
I'll see to it that gets done.
I can't believe that just worked.
I'm glad that's going to happen.
I wonder whether that'll happen.
I told Tom that car wasn't mine.
They say that drug is not safe.
It's unfortunate that happened.
I'm not expecting that to happen anytime soon.
I'm not expecting that to happen today.
I don't think you've really understood me.
I bet you're tired after doing that.
I bet that you're tired after doing that.
I knew I couldn't do that.
I knew that I couldn't do that.
I called my boss in Australia and he said I could stay in New Zealand for another week.
I called my boss in Australia and he said that I could stay in New Zealand for another week.
Didn't you know that Tom lived in Boston when he was a child?
Didn't you know Tom lived in Boston when he was a kid?
Didn't you know Tom lived in Boston when he was a child?
Did you tell Tom that I was going to Boston?
Did you tell Tom that we're going to Boston?
The reason that Tom isn't here is because he had to go to Boston for a funeral.
The only reason that Tom came to Boston was because Mary asked him to.
That's the reason that Tom went to Boston.
Do you know the reason that Tom was sent to the Boston office?
Who told you Tom was going to Boston?
Who told you that Tom was going to Boston?
Who told you I was going to Boston?
Who told you that I was going to Boston?
The prices will remain as they are.
I didn't think Tom would go to Australia.
I didn't think that Tom would go to Australia.
I didn't think Tom would go to Australia by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would go to Australia by himself.
I didn't think Tom would be in Australia.
I didn't think that Tom would be in Australia.
I didn't think Tom would be in Australia this week.
I didn't think that Tom would be in Australia this week.
I didn't think Tom would be in Australia last weekend.
I didn't think that Tom would be in Australia last weekend.
I didn't think Tom would be in Australia all week.
I didn't think that Tom would be in Australia all week.
I didn't think Tom was in Australia.
I didn't think that Tom was in Australia.
I didn't think Tom had ever been to Australia.
I didn't think that Tom had ever been to Australia.
Didn't I tell you I wouldn't go to Australia?
Didn't I tell you that I wouldn't go to Australia?
Did you live in Australia when you were a kid?
Did you live in Australia when you were a child?
Didn't you live in Australia when you were a kid?
Didn't you live in Australia when you were a child?
Did you know I used to teach French in Australia?
Did you know that I used to teach French in Australia?
Did you know that's from Australia?
Did you know that that's from Australia?
Did it ever occur to you I might want to stay in Australia for a few more days?
Did it ever occur to you that I might want to stay in Australia for a few more days?
Can't someone else go to Australia?
Can't somebody else go to Australia?
Australia is just one of the countries I visited last year.
Australia is just one of the countries that I visited last year.
Australia is one of the countries I want to visit.
Australia is one of the countries that I want to visit.
Australia is on my list of countries I'd like to visit.
Australia is on my list of countries that I'd like to visit.
I didn't tell Tom I'd be in Australia this week.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd be in Australia this week.
I didn't tell Tom I was going to Australia.
I didn't tell Tom that I was going to Australia.
I didn't tell Tom I grew up in Australia.
I didn't tell Tom that I grew up in Australia.
I didn't tell Tom I'd never been to Australia before.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd never been to Australia before.
I didn't tell Tom I lived in Australia.
I didn't tell Tom that I lived in Australia.
I didn't know Tom and Mary went to Australia together.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary went to Australia together.
I didn't know Tom came from Australia.
I didn't know that Tom came from Australia.
I didn't know Tom had a house in Australia.
I didn't know that Tom had a house in Australia.
I didn't know Tom had never been to Australia before.
I didn't know that Tom had never been to Australia before.
I didn't know Tom had relatives in Australia.
I didn't know that Tom had relatives in Australia.
I didn't know Tom lived in Australia.
I didn't know that Tom lived in Australia.
I didn't know Tom used to live in Australia.
I didn't know that Tom used to live in Australia.
I didn't know Tom used to work in Australia.
I didn't know that Tom used to work in Australia.
I didn't know Tom was born in Australia.
I didn't know that Tom was born in Australia.
I didn't know that Tom was from Australia.
I didn't know Tom was going to Australia by himself.
I didn't know that Tom was going to Australia by himself.
I didn't know Tom was going to Australia with Mary.
I didn't know that Tom was going to Australia with Mary.
I didn't know Tom was going to be in Australia all week.
I didn't know that Tom was going to be in Australia all week.
I didn't know Tom was going to be in Australia last week.
I didn't know that Tom was going to be in Australia last week.
I didn't know Tom was in Australia last Monday.
I didn't know that Tom was in Australia last Monday.
I didn't know Tom was in Australia last month.
I didn't know that Tom was in Australia last month.
I didn't know Tom was in Australia last year.
I didn't know that Tom was in Australia last year.
I didn't know Tom was in Australia the same time we were.
I didn't know that Tom was in Australia the same time we were.
I didn't know Tom was in Australia.
I didn't know Tom was planning to go to Australia.
I didn't know Tom was planning to move to Australia.
I didn't know that Tom was planning to move to Australia.
I didn't know Tom would be in Australia this week.
I didn't know that Tom would be in Australia this week.
I didn't know Tom would go to Australia by himself.
I didn't know that Tom would go to Australia by himself.
I didn't know Tom would go to Australia.
I didn't know that Tom would go to Australia.
I didn't know you were going to Australia with Tom.
I didn't know that you were going to Australia with Tom.
Aren't you glad you didn't have to go to Australia?
Aren't you glad that you didn't have to go to Australia?
Aren't you glad you didn't go to Australia?
Aren't you glad that you didn't go to Australia?
Aren't you glad we're here instead of Australia?
Aren't you glad that we're here instead of Australia?
Are you sure you don't want to move to Australia?
Are you sure that you don't want to move to Australia?
Are you sure you don't want to go to Australia?
Are you sure that you don't want to go to Australia?
Are you sure you don't want me to go to Australia with you?
Are you sure that you don't want me to go to Australia with you?
Are you sure you can't buy one of those in Australia?
Are you sure that you can't buy one of those in Australia?
I can't believe that Tom really wanted to go to Australia with you.
I can't believe Tom really wanted to go to Australia with you.
I can't believe that Tom really doesn't want to go to Australia.
I can't believe Tom really doesn't want to go to Australia.
I can't believe that Tom really doesn't want to go to Australia with us next week.
I can't believe Tom really doesn't want to go to Australia with us next week.
I can't believe that I agreed to go to Australia with Tom.
I can't believe I agreed to go to Australia with Tom.
How do you know Tom won't be in Australia next week?
How do you know that Tom won't be in Australia next week?
How did you know Tom wasn't going to be in Australia?
How did you know that Tom wasn't going to be in Australia?
How do you know Tom isn't in Australia?
How do you know that Tom isn't in Australia?
How do you know Tom has never been to Australia?
How do you know that Tom has never been to Australia?
How did you learn Tom wasn't living in Australia?
How did you learn that Tom wasn't living in Australia?
How did you learn Tom was living in Australia?
How did you learn that Tom was living in Australia?
How did Tom know you were in Australia?
How did Tom know that you were in Australia?
How did Tom know Mary was from Australia?
How did Tom know that Mary was from Australia?
How did Tom know Mary would be in Australia?
How did Tom know that Mary would be in Australia?
Does Tom know you were born in Australia?
Does Tom know that you were born in Australia?
Does Tom know you're going to Australia?
Does Tom know that you're going to Australia?
Does Tom know you're going to be in Australia next October?
Does Tom know that you're going to be in Australia next October?
Do you think Tom knows I want to go to Australia?
Do you think that Tom knows I want to go to Australia?
I didn't realize Tom didn't live in Australia anymore.
I didn't realize that Tom didn't live in Australia anymore.
Aren't you from Australia, too?
Aren't you from Australia as well?
Are you telling me you've never been to Australia?
Are you telling me that you've never been to Australia?
Are you planning on staying in Australia a long time?
Are you planning on staying in Australia for a long time?
Are these the pictures you took in Australia?
Are these the pictures that you took in Australia?
Almost everyone I know has been to Australia.
Almost everybody I know has been to Australia.
Almost everyone I know has been to Australia at least once.
Almost everybody I know has been to Australia at least once.
I convinced Tom he should go to Australia with Mary.
I convinced Tom that he should go to Australia with Mary.
I certainly had no idea Tom was planning to move to Australia.
I certainly had no idea that Tom was planning to move to Australia.
I bet Tom won't go to Australia next summer.
I bet that Tom won't go to Australia next summer.
I bet Tom has never even been to Australia.
I bet that Tom has never even been to Australia.
I assume Tom would like to go to Australia with us.
I assume that Tom would like to go to Australia with us.
How long's Tom been in Australia?
How long has Tom been in Australia?
How long do you think Tom will stay in Australia?
How long do you think that Tom will stay in Australia?
How long did Tom say he was in Australia?
How long did Tom say that he was in Australia?
How long did Tom say he'd be in Australia?
How long did Tom say that he'd be in Australia?
Everyone here except Tom has lived in Australia.
Everybody here except Tom has lived in Australia.
Everyone here but Tom has lived in Australia.
Everybody here but Tom has lived in Australia.
Everyone went to Australia except Tom.
Everybody went to Australia except Tom.
Everyone stayed in Australia except Tom.
Everybody stayed in Australia except Tom.
Everyone thought that Tom was going to be in Australia this weekend.
Everybody thought that Tom was going to be in Australia this weekend.
Everyone thought that Tom was from Australia.
Everybody thought that Tom was from Australia.
Everyone thinks that Tom went to Australia.
Everybody thinks that Tom went to Australia.
Everyone thinks that Tom stayed in Australia.
Everybody thinks that Tom stayed in Australia.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to visit Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to visit Australia.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to stay in Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to stay in Australia.
When I write poems, the words come from somewhere outside me.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to live in Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to live in Australia.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to go to Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to go to Australia.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like living in Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't like living in Australia.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like going to Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't like going to Australia.
Everyone here knows that Tom is in Australia.
Everybody here knows that Tom is in Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Australia.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Australia.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Australia.
Everyone thought Tom was going to be in Australia this weekend.
Everyone thought Tom was from Australia.
Everyone thinks Tom went to Australia.
Everyone thinks Tom stayed in Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to visit Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to stay in Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to live in Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to go to Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't like living in Australia.
Everyone knew Tom didn't like going to Australia.
Everyone here knows Tom is in Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't have to go to Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't have to go to Australia.
Every time Tom visits Australia, he drops by for a visit.
Every time that Tom visits Australia, he drops by for a visit.
Every time Tom comes to Australia, he never fails to visit me.
Every time that Tom comes to Australia, he never fails to visit me.
Every time Tom comes to Australia, he always visits me.
Every time that Tom comes to Australia, he always visits me.
Does Tom think Mary would like to go to Australia with us?
Does Tom think that Mary would like to go to Australia with us?
Does Tom think he'll stay in Australia long?
Does Tom think that he'll stay in Australia long?
Does Tom think he'll be in Australia all summer?
Does Tom think that he'll be in Australia all summer?
Does Tom still think Mary would like to go to Australia with us?
Does Tom still think that Mary would like to go to Australia with us?
Does Tom still think he'll be in Australia all summer?
Does Tom still think that he'll be in Australia all summer?
Do you think Tom would've enjoyed going to Australia with us?
Do you think that Tom would've enjoyed going to Australia with us?
Do you think Tom would like to go to Australia with us?
Do you think that Tom would like to go to Australia with us?
Do you think Tom will stay in Australia long?
Do you think that Tom will stay in Australia long?
Do you think Tom will be in Australia all summer?
Do you think that Tom will be in Australia all summer?
Do you think Tom went to Australia?
Do you think that Tom went to Australia?
Do you think Tom wants to live in Australia?
Do you think that Tom wants to live in Australia?
Do you think Tom wants to go to Australia with us?
Do you think that Tom wants to go to Australia with us?
Do you think Tom still has many friends left in Australia?
Do you think that Tom still has many friends left in Australia?
Do you think Tom still has any friends left in Australia?
Do you think that Tom still has any friends left in Australia?
Do you think Tom might like to go to Australia with us?
Do you think that Tom might like to go to Australia with us?
Do you think Tom is still in Australia?
Do you think that Tom is still in Australia?
Do you think Tom is in Australia?
Do you think that Tom is in Australia?
Do you think Tom could be in Australia?
Do you think that Tom could be in Australia?
Do you think Tom will come to Australia?
Do you think that Tom will come to Australia?
Do you think I should go to Australia with Tom?
Do you think that I should go to Australia with Tom?
Do you still think Tom would like to go to Australia with us?
Do you still think that Tom would like to go to Australia with us?
Do you really think Tom will come back to Australia?
Do you really think that Tom will come back to Australia?
Do you really think Tom is in Australia?
Do you really think that Tom is in Australia?
Do you really think Tom is from Australia?
Do you really think that Tom is from Australia?
Do you actually think I'm going to go to Australia with Tom?
Do you actually think that I'm going to go to Australia with Tom?
How come you didn't tell me Tom was going to Australia with us?
How come you didn't tell me that Tom was going to Australia with us?
Going to Australia is one of the things Tom wants to do next year.
Going to Australia is one of the things that Tom wants to do next year.
Does anyone know how Tom will be going to Australia?
Does anybody know how Tom will be going to Australia?
About how many hours does it take to get to Australia from here?
About how many hours does it take to get from here to Australia?
A lot of people I know live in Australia.
A lot of people that I know live in Australia.
"I work in Australia." "Me, too."
"I work in Australia." "I do, too."
"I work in Australia." "I work in Australia, too."
It's probably going to be hard for you to leave Australia.
It's probably going to be difficult for you to leave Australia.
I plan to stay in Australia for three more days.
I plan to stay in Australia for another three days.
Didn't you know Tom died in Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom died in Australia?
Didn't you know Tom had a house in Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom had a house in Australia?
Didn't you know Tom had relatives in Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom had relatives in Australia?
Didn't you know Tom is from Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom is from Australia?
Didn't you know Tom is in Australia now?
Didn't you know that Tom is in Australia now?
Didn't you know Tom isn't really from Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom isn't really from Australia?
Didn't you know Tom lived in Australia for a long time?
Didn't you know that Tom lived in Australia for a long time?
Didn't you know Tom lived in Australia when he was a kid?
Didn't you know that Tom lived in Australia when he was a kid?
Didn't you know Tom lived in Australia when he was a child?
Didn't you know that Tom lived in Australia when he was a child?
Didn't you know Tom lived in Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom lived in Australia?
Didn't you know Tom moved to Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom moved to Australia?
Didn't you know Tom was planning to go to Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom was planning to go to Australia?
Didn't you know Tom was planning to go to Australia with Mary?
Didn't you know that Tom was planning to go to Australia with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom used to live in Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom used to live in Australia?
Didn't you know Tom used to teach French in Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom used to teach French in Australia?
Didn't you know Tom used to work in Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom used to work in Australia?
Didn't you know Tom wanted to stay in Australia for another three weeks?
Didn't you know that Tom wanted to stay in Australia for another three weeks?
Didn't you know Tom was going to Australia with Mary?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to Australia with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom was going to Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to Australia?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be in Australia all week?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be in Australia all week?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be in Australia next October?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be in Australia next October?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be in Australia this week?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be in Australia this week?
Didn't you know Tom was going to go to Australia tomorrow?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to go to Australia tomorrow?
Didn't you know Tom was in Australia last week?
Didn't you know that Tom was in Australia last week?
Didn't you know Tom was in Australia last winter?
Didn't you know that Tom was in Australia last winter?
Didn't you know Tom was in Australia last year?
Didn't you know that Tom was in Australia last year?
Didn't you know Tom was in Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom was in Australia?
Didn't you know Tom was living in Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom was living in Australia?
Did you tell Tom I was going to Australia?
Did you tell Tom that I was going to Australia?
Did you tell Tom we're going to Australia?
Did you tell Tom that we're going to Australia?
Did Tom say he'd visit Australia?
Did Tom say that he'd visit Australia?
Did Tom say he'd stay in Australia?
Did Tom say that he'd stay in Australia?
Did Tom say he'd go to Australia?
Did Tom say that he'd go to Australia?
Did Tom say he went to Australia?
Did Tom say that he went to Australia?
Did Tom say he stayed in Australia?
Did Tom say that he stayed in Australia?
Who told you Tom was going to Australia?
Who told you that Tom was going to Australia?
Who told you I was going to Australia?
Who told you that I was going to Australia?
Are you sure you want to go to Australia with Tom?
Are you sure that you want to go to Australia with Tom?
Are you sure you don't want to go to Australia with Tom?
Are you sure that you don't want to go to Australia with Tom?
Are you sure Tom went to Australia?
Are you sure that Tom went to Australia?
Are you sure Tom is in Australia now?
Are you sure that Tom is in Australia now?
Tom has told me he wants to go to Australia.
Tom has told me that he wants to go to Australia.
Tom has told me he needs to go to Australia.
Tom has told me that he needs to go to Australia.
Tom has told me he has to go to Australia.
Tom has told me that he has to go to Australia.
Tom has told me he has to go to Australia next week.
Tom has told me that he has to go to Australia next week.
I wanted Tom to stay in Australia for a few days, but he said he had to get back to New Zealand.
I wanted Tom to stay in Australia for a few days, but he said that he had to get back to New Zealand.
Tom told Mary he was in Australia last weekend, but he was actually in New Zealand.
Tom told Mary that he was in Australia last weekend, but he was actually in New Zealand.
Tom thinks Mary is in Australia, but she's actually in New Zealand now.
Tom thinks that Mary is in Australia, but she's actually in New Zealand now.
Tom thought Mary was in Australia, but she was actually in New Zealand.
Tom thought that Mary was in Australia, but she was actually in New Zealand.
Tom thought Mary was in Australia, but she was really in New Zealand.
Tom thought that Mary was in Australia, but she was really in New Zealand.
I think there's a good possibility that'll happen.
I think that there's a good possibility that that'll happen.
I think that there's a good possibility that'll happen.
I think there's a good possibility that that'll happen.
Do you think there's still a chance that'll happen?
Do you think that there's still a chance that that'll happen?
Do you think that there's still a chance that'll happen?
It's inevitable that that'll happen.
It's inevitable that'll happen.
They say that drug isn't safe.
They say that that drug isn't safe.
It's obvious that's a lie.
It's obvious that that's a lie.
I only hope that's enough.
I only hope that that's enough.
I know that isn't ketchup.
I know that that isn't ketchup.
We discovered that house is infested with garter snakes. They're all over the place!
It turns out that house is infested with garter snakes. They're everywhere.
Bear in mind that school is an integrated junior high and high school.
The problem is that boy never does what he is told to do.
I think there's a good possibility that will happen.
It's hard for me to believe that's going to happen.
I can't confirm that's the actual number of deaths.
It's unlikely that movie will make a lot of money.
It seems like you're glad that's going to happen.
I find it hard to believe that's going to happen.
You're glad that's going to happen, aren't you?
Whose car was that you were driving yesterday?
I want to make sure that doesn't happen again.
There's absolutely no chance that'll happen.
I'm going to try to see that doesn't happen.
There's still a possibility that'll happen.
I think we can all agree that's a bad idea.
How much chance is there that would happen?
Let's make sure that doesn't happen again.
My findings suggest that is not the case.
It's quite clear to me that is the truth.
Why are you glad that's going to happen?
Is there any possibility that'll happen?
I know for certain that's what happened.
I couldn't anticipate that would happen.
How optimistic are you that will happen?
I think that book isn't so interesting.
I think that that book isn't so interesting.
I have a gut feeling that won't happen.
I think we all know that's a bad idea.
I didn't anticipate that would happen.
There's a possibility that'll happen.
The chances that happens are minimal.
I didn't know that was a possibility.
I can verify that's the truth myself.
I intend to see that doesn't happen.
Do you really think that would work?
We were unaware that was happening.
There's not a chance that'll work.
I remain confident that'll happen.
I can tell you that didn't happen.
Don't you agree that's a bad idea?
Are you worried that might happen?
There's no denying that happened.
There's no chance that'll happen.
Don't you think the skirt you're wearing is a little too short?
Don't you think that the skirt you're wearing is a little too short?
Their relationship is falling apart.
Their relationship is deteriorating.
The reason that Tom isn't here is because he's sick in bed.
The reason that Tom is fat is because he eats too much and doesn't get enough exercise.
The reason that Tom got sick was because he overate.
The reason that Tom got angry was that I didn't say anything.
The reason that Tom didn't go with us was because he didn't have enough money.
The reason that Tom couldn't get that job was because he didn't have any experience.
The reason that Tom and I are here is because we were asked to come.
The only reason that Tom is famous is because he married a famous singer.
The only reason that Tom did that was because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom did that was because everybody else in his family did.
That's the reason that Tom didn't win.
That's the reason that Tom didn't do that.
That's the reason that Tom and I were late today.
That's the reason that Tom and I are here.
That's the real reason that Tom ran away from home, isn't it?
That's the only reason that Tom is here.
That's the only reason that Tom and I are planning to do that.
That's the only reason that Tom and I are here.
That's the only reason that Tom and I are going.
That'smost likelythe reason that Tom isn't here.
That wasn't the main reason that Tom wanted to do that.
That wasn't the main reason that Tom shouldn't have done that.
That wasn't the main reason that Tom should've done that.
That wasn't the main reason that Tom ought to have done that.
That wasn't the main reason that Tom needed to do that.
That wasn't the main reason that Tom had to do that.
That wasn't the main reason that Tom didn't want to do that.
That might be the reason that Tom committed suicide.
That may be the reason that Tom committed suicide.
That isn't the main reason that Tom wants to do that.
That isn't the main reason that Tom shouldn't do that.
That isn't the main reason that Tom should've done that.
That isn't the main reason that Tom should do that.
That isn't the main reason that Tom ought to do that.
That isn't the main reason that Tom needs to do that.
That isn't the main reason that Tom has to do that.
That isn't the main reason that Tom doesn't want to do that.
Probably the reason that Tom can't go is because he doesn't have any money.
Is there a reason that Tom shouldn't be told?
I'm the reason that Tom came to see you.
I think the reason that Tom is so good at French is that he watches a lot of French movies.
I think the reason that Tom didn't recognize me was because I had a beard the last time he saw me.
I think that the reason Tom didn't recognize me was because I had a beard the last time he saw me.
I think that the reason that Tom didn't recognize me was because I had a beard the last time he saw me.
I think that that's the reason Tom doesn't have any friends.
I think that that's the reason that Tom doesn't have any friends.
I think that's the reason that Tom doesn't have any friends.
I don't think there's any reason that Tom needs to do that.
I don't think that there's any reason Tom needs to do that.
I don't think that there's any reason that Tom needs to do that.
I don't think there's any reason that Tom has to do that.
I don't think that there's any reason Tom has to do that.
I don't think that there's any reason that Tom has to do that.
I don't know the reason that Tom did that.
Do you know the reason that Tom came here today?
Do you know the real reason that Tom isn't here?
Can you think of any reason that Tom would do that?
Tom told everybody that he was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told everyone he was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told everybody he was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told everyone that he was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told me he was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told me that he was glad that was going to happen.
I don't think that Tom will be glad that's going to happen.
I don't think Tom will be glad that's going to happen.
I didn't think Tom was glad that's going to happen.
I didn't think that Tom was glad that that's going to happen.
I didn't think that Tom was glad that's going to happen.
Tom told me he's glad that's going to happen.
Tom told me that he's glad that's going to happen.
I don't think Tom is glad that's going to happen.
I don't think that Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
I don't think that Tom is glad that's going to happen.
Do you think Tom is glad that's going to happen?
Do you think that Tom is glad that that's going to happen?
Do you think that Tom is glad that's going to happen?
I know that Tom is glad that's going to happen.
I know Tom is glad that's going to happen.
I didn't think Tom would be glad that happened.
I didn't think that Tom would be glad that that happened.
I didn't think that Tom would be glad that happened.
Do you think Tom knew that was going to happen?
Do you think that Tom knew that that was going to happen?
Do you think that Tom knew that was going to happen?
I didn't think Tom was glad that had happened.
I didn't think that Tom was glad that that had happened.
I didn't think that Tom was glad that had happened.
I hope Tom isn't glad that's going to happen.
I hope that Tom isn't glad that that's going to happen.
I hope that Tom isn't glad that's going to happen.
I hope Tom is glad that's going to happen.
I hope that Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
I hope that Tom is glad that's going to happen.
I don't think Tom was glad that happened.
I don't think that Tom was glad that that happened.
I don't think that Tom was glad that happened.
Tom wouldn't have done that that if he hadn't wanted to.
Tom wouldn't have done that that way if he hadn't needed to.
Tom wants to make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he hadn't had to.
Tom is likely to be glad that's going to happen.
I wonder why Tom is glad that's going to happen.
Tom should be glad that's going to happen.
Tom didn't anticipate that would happen.
Why is Tom glad that's going to happen?
I suspect that guy over there is Tom.
Tom seemed to be glad that happened.
Tom felt that could be dangerous.
I didn't notice Tom wasn't paying attention.
I didn't notice that Tom wasn't paying attention.
The only reason that Tom went to the party was that he expected Mary to be there.
The only reason that Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think that John was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary he didn't think John was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't glad that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he thought that John wasn't glad that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he thought that John was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was glad that was going to happen.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be glad that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be glad that's going to happen.
Tom didn't think Mary was glad that's going to happen.
Tom didn't think that Mary was glad that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think Mary is glad that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is glad that's going to happen.
Tom told Mary he was glad that had happened.
Tom told Mary that he was glad that had happened.
Tom told Mary I was glad that had happened.
Tom doesn't seem to be as glad that's going to happen as Mary seems to be.
Tom told me he thought Mary was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he was glad that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary he was glad that was going to happen.
Tom is glad that's going to happen, but Mary isn't.
Tom told Mary that I was glad that had happened.
Tom warned Mary that would probably happen.
Tom warned Mary that would likely happen.
Tom warned Mary that would happen.
How many more months will Tom stay in Australia?
Can you stay in Australia for a while?
Find out whether Tom has relatives in Australia.
Did you have a good time in Australia?
Do Tom and I have to stay in Australia all week?
How far is Australia from New Zealand?
Did you tell Tom about seeing Mary in Australia?
I plan to be in Australia next summer.
Did Tom say how long Mary would be in Australia?
I plan to visit Australia next summer.
By this time tomorrow, Tom will be in Australia.
It feels good to be back in Australia.
Australia wasn't cold when Tom and I were there.
It's happening this week in Australia.
Aren't you planning to go to Australia with Tom?
We flew from Australia to New Zealand.
I didn't want Tom to go to Australia with Mary.
We'll go to Australia and New Zealand.
I didn't tell Tom why I was going to Australia.
Aren't you going to Australia tomorrow?
I asked Tom how long he had lived in Australia.
Aren't you supposed to be in Australia?
I advised Tom not to go to Australia with Mary.
Australia wasn't cold when I was there.
How often does Tom go to Australia on business?
Can you make it to Australia this year?
Do you have any idea why Tom went to Australia?
I plan to stay in Australia for a week.
Did Tom go to Australia with you when you went?
All my ex-girlfriends live in Australia.
Can you tell me why Tom came back to Australia?
Australia is sure a great place to live.
I didn't like Australia and Tom didn't either.
Come and visit us in Australia sometime.
Eventually Tom purchased a house in Australia.
Did all of you go to Australia together?
Does Tom stay with you when he's in Australia?
I plan to be in Australia until October.
Do you stay with Tom when you're in Australia?
I plan to return to Australia on Monday.
Do you stay at Tom's when you're in Australia?
It's a different situation in Australia.
Could tonight be Tom's last game in Australia?
Are you coming to Australia this weekend?
Can Tom stay in Australia with us next summer?
Are your grandchildren here in Australia?
After 2013, Tom lived and worked in Australia.
Aren't you going to Australia next month?
I don't know if Tom still lives in Australia.
Australia is a long way from New Zealand.
I didn't want to go to Australia without Tom.
Can I ask what you're doing in Australia?
I didn't want Tom to go to Australia with me.
Can we stay in Australia for a few weeks?
I didn't know when Tom had come to Australia.
Can't you make it to Australia this year?
I can't wait to go to Australia to visit Tom.
This is the oldest building in Australia.
I asked Tom why he wanted to go to Australia.
All of my children have been to Australia.
I asked Tom how long he'd lived in Australia.
All of my children were born in Australia.
How long did it take Tom to get to Australia?
Are we going to stay in Australia tonight?
Do you ever see Tom when you're in Australia?
Are you really going to move to Australia?
Do I really have to go to Australia with Tom?
Did you ever sell your house in Australia?
Did Tom ask you to go to Australia with Mary?
How does Australia compare to New Zealand?
Aren't you and Tom still living in Australia?
I plan to move to Australia in the spring.
Are you planning to go to Australia with Tom?
I plan to stay in Australia until October.
Are all of Tom's brothers still in Australia?
We went to both Australia and New Zealand.
Tom isn't in Australia. He's in New Zealand.
Which is larger, Australia or New Zealand?
I don't care who Tom goes to Australia with.
A lot of Canadian tourists visit Australia.
I didn't tell Tom why I'd gone to Australia.
All of my children want to go to Australia.
How did you persuade Tom to go to Australia?
All of my ex-girlfriends live in Australia.
How did you convince Tom to go to Australia?
Are we really going to Australia next week?
Going to Australia was Tom's lifelong dream.
Are you going to go to Australia next week?
Every year Tom goes to Australia in October.
Aren't we going go to Australia in October?
Does Tom still go to Australia every summer?
Australia is worth visiting more than once.
Does Tom have to stay in Australia all week?
Both of us don't want to work in Australia.
Do you know what Tom was doing in Australia?
I plan to be back in Australia next Monday.
Do Tom and I need to stay in Australia, too?
I plan to leave Australia as soon as I can.
Did you see Tom while you were in Australia?
I plan to stay in Australia for three days.
Did Tom ask you to go to Australia with him?
It took us a long time to get to Australia.
I didn't agree to go to Australia with Tom.
We want to go to Australia and New Zealand.
I can see why Tom wants to go to Australia.
All three of my sons were born in Australia.
I asked Tom how long he lived in Australia.
Are we going to be in Australia next winter?
How old was Tom when he moved to Australia?
Are you going to Australia next summer, too?
How long has Tom been working in Australia?
Are you packed and ready to go to Australia?
How long did you and Tom stay in Australia?
Aren't you coming to Australia this weekend?
For all we know, Tom could be in Australia.
Both of us will be in Australia for a while.
Do you know when Tom is going to Australia?
Can you really stay in Australia all summer?
Did you end up going to Australia with Tom?
How far is it from Australia to New Zealand?
Are you really going to Australia with Tom?
I didn't want to go to Australia with Tom.
I went from Australia to New Zealand be car.
I always visit Tom when I go to Australia.
That'll be happening this week in Australia.
How often do you go to Australia with Tom?
About how many days will you be in Australia?
How many years has Tom lived in Australia?
All of my children go to school in Australia.
How many years did Tom spend in Australia?
All our children went to school in Australia.
How long has Tom been living in Australia?
Are you going back to Australia anytime soon?
Are you planning to return to Australia soon?
Has Tom ever stayed with you in Australia?
Are you really going to Australia next month?
Did Tom say who he went to Australia with?
Australia is very different from New Zealand.
Did Tom say how long he'd be in Australia?
Both of Mary's ex-husbands live in Australia.
At that time, Tom and I were in Australia.
Did I ever tell you why I moved to Australia?
Ask Tom if he can go to Australia with us.
I plan to study in Australia for three years.
A year ago Monday, Tom moved to Australia.
Are you asking us to go to Australia with you?
Tom will go to Australia and New Zealand.
Are you going to come to Australia next month?
I asked Tom why he had gone to Australia.
Aren't you going to go to Australia next week?
I advise you to go to Australia with Tom.
Can you make it back to Australia on your own?
How many times has Tom been to Australia?
I go to Australia more often than New Zealand.
How many days will Tom stay in Australia?
I plan on staying in Australia for three days.
For a short time, Tom lived in Australia.
Even Tom doesn't go to Australia anymore.
I'm from Australia, but I live in New Zealand.
Did you want to go to Australia with Tom?
It seems I'm the only one here from Australia.
Did Tom write you letters from Australia?
It took us thirteen hours to get to Australia.
Apparently, Tom wasn't in Australia long.
We flew nonstop from Australia to New Zealand.
Tom moved from Australia to New Zealand.
We took a plane from Australia to New Zealand.
Find out what Tom is doing in Australia.
Are you really going to Australia to study art?
Doesn't Tom go to Australia every month?
Could you tell me about your trip to Australia?
Does Tom need to stay in Australia, too?
I plan to go to Australia the month after next.
Do Tom and Mary still live in Australia?
I plan to go to Australia, but not this summer.
Did Tom say why he's going to Australia?
It's been a while since I've been to Australia.
Can you tell me why Tom is in Australia?
It's been three years since I was in Australia.
Are you saying Tom isn't from Australia?
It's not like I really want to go to Australia.
I don't know how Tom went to Australia.
"Where are you going?" "I'm going to Australia."
I didn't want Tom to move to Australia.
Are you really serious about going to Australia?
I didn't want Tom to come to Australia.
Aren't you going to be in Australia this summer?
I asked Tom to go to Australia with me.
Both of my brothers are now living in Australia.
How long ago did Tom move to Australia?
Can I go to Australia with you guys when you go?
How did Tom and Mary come to Australia?
I plan to go back to Australia as soon as I can.
Does Tom still want to go to Australia?
It's been three years since I came to Australia.
Did Tom stay in Australia last weekend?
Would you rather visit Australia or New Zealand?
Did Tom say why Mary went to Australia?
Are you going to be in Australia on October 20th?
Chances are Tom is in Australia by now.
Aren't you going to be in Australia next October?
Has Tom been living in Australia long?
Ask me anything you want to know about Australia.
Do you know why Tom went to Australia?
This is one of the best restaurants in Australia.
Did Tom stay in Australia last summer?
This is one of the oldest buildings in Australia.
Did Tom have a good time in Australia?
All things considered, I'd rather be in Australia.
I didn't want Tom to go to Australia.
All three of Mary's ex-husbands live in Australia.
I agreed to go to Australia with Tom.
Are you really thinking about moving to Australia?
How long has Tom worked in Australia?
Are you still planning on going back to Australia?
Can't you come to Australia with Tom?
Can I stay in Australia for a couple of more days?
I didn't stay with Tom in Australia.
Could what happened in Australia also happen here?
I asked Tom why he was in Australia.
Do you know how far Australia is from New Zealand?
How's Tom getting back to Australia?
I almost went to Australia instead of New Zealand.
How many years was Tom in Australia?
I live in Australia now, but I'm from New Zealand.
How long will Tom stay in Australia?
How long has Tom lived in Australia?
I plan to come back to Australia as soon as I can.
Has Tom come to Australia this year?
I plan to visit my uncle in Australia this summer.
Australia is where Tom and Mary met.
Ask Tom what he thinks of Australia.
I'm from Australia, but now I live in New Zealand.
Are Tom and Mary still in Australia?
I've been to Australia twice and New Zealand once.
"Is Tom in Australia?" "Yes, he is."
In some ways, Australia is nicer than New Zealand.
I asked Tom why he liked Australia.
It sounds like you two had a problem in Australia.
How often does Tom go to Australia?
It's been three months since I moved to Australia.
It's been years since I've been back to Australia.
How long did Tom stay in Australia?
All of my children want to go to Australia with me.
Has Tom come to Australia recently?
Are you thinking of going to Australia next summer?
Has Tom been to Australia recently?
Can't you stay in Australia until at least October?
Has Tom already left for Australia?
Even Tom went to Australia with us.
It only took us thirteen hours to get to Australia.
Does Tom sometimes go to Australia?
It seems that I'm the only one here from Australia.
Do you want Tom to go to Australia?
It's been a long time since I've been to Australia.
Do you know why Tom left Australia?
It's been three years since I've been to Australia.
Did Tom go to Australia in October?
It's only been a week since I arrived in Australia.
Did Tom go to Australia by himself?
Last summer, I moved from Australia to New Zealand.
Did Tom come to Australia with you?
Last summer, I moved to Australia from New Zealand.
Can't you go to Australia with Tom?
Which do you like better, Australia or New Zealand?
Can Tom come to Australia with you?
Are we likely to be in Australia on Valentine's Day?
At that time, Tom was in Australia.
Are you really going to go to Australia next summer?
Ask Tom when he'll go to Australia.
Do you know how many millionaires live in Australia?
Ask Tom to go to Australia for you.
I decided to go to Australia instead of New Zealand.
Ask Tom if he's going to Australia.
I guess I'd rather go to Australia than New Zealand.
Ask Tom if he'll stay in Australia.
I plan to live in Australia for the rest of my life.
I didn't go to Australia with Tom.
Has Tom really moved to Australia?
All of my kids went to Australia to visit my parents.
Did Tom go to Australia last year?
Are you still planning to go to Australia next month?
Did Tom come to Australia as well?
Aren't you still planning on going back to Australia?
Currently, Tom lives in Australia.
I live in Australia now, but I come from New Zealand.
Can Tom be in Australia on Monday?
I plan to be in Australia until the end of the month.
Are Tom and Mary in Australia now?
I plan to live in Australia for at least three years.
I didn't call Tom from Australia.
It costs more to go to Australia than to New Zealand.
I can stay in Australia with Tom.
Where do you go more often, Australia or New Zealand?
I came to Australia to visit Tom.
Do you plan on living in Australia after you graduate?
I asked Tom to come to Australia.
I go to Australia more often than I go to New Zealand.
Has Tom ever worked in Australia?
Does Tom still work in Australia?
Instead of going to Australia, I'll go to New Zealand.
Does Tom still live in Australia?
What's the distance between Australia and New Zealand?
Does Tom come to Australia often?
Are you still interested in going to Australia with us?
Did you visit Australia with Tom?
Didn't you go to Australia for three weeks last summer?
Did you go to Australia with Tom?
Do you have any idea how many people live in Australia?
Did Tom visit Australia with you?
I own a house in Australia, but New Zealand is my home.
Did Tom really move to Australia?
I've decided to go to Australia instead of New Zealand.
Did Tom go to Australia with you?
Instead of going to Australia, let's go to New Zealand.
Did Tom agree to go to Australia?
It's possible that I might be in Australia next Monday.
Did Tom actually go to Australia?
All three of my brothers are now somewhere in Australia.
Ask Tom if he'll go to Australia.
Did you hear about what happened in Australia yesterday?
Has Tom ever lived in Australia?
Instead of going to Australia, I'm going to New Zealand.
Does Tom work in Australia, too?
It looks like I may have to go to Australia next summer.
I called Tom up from Australia.
It's been a long time since I've been back to Australia.
How will Tom come to Australia?
Last summer, I went to Australia instead of New Zealand.
How is Tom coming to Australia?
Are you really going to Australia the day after tomorrow?
Has Tom ever gone to Australia?
Are you still thinking of going to Australia next summer?
Does Tom go to Australia often?
Do you have any idea what the population of Australia is?
Can I visit Australia with Tom?
It looks like I might have to go to Australia next month.
Australia is where Tom belongs.
It seems like I'm the only one here who's from Australia.
I can go to Australia for Tom.
It's already been three months since I came to Australia.
How will Tom get to Australia?
We aren't going to Australia. We're going to New Zealand.
How long was Tom in Australia?
Do you know how many tourists come to Australia every day?
How is Tom going to Australia?
It looks like I might have to go to Australia next summer.
Doesn't Tom live in Australia?
It wasn't in Australia that we met. It was in New Zealand.
Does Tom still like Australia?
It's already been three months since I moved to Australia.
Are Tom and Mary in Australia?
I grew up in Australia, but my wife comes from New Zealand.
"Where's Tom?" "In Australia."
I live in Australia now, but I used to live in New Zealand.
I came to Australia with Tom.
I was born in Australia, but was brought up in New Zealand.
How's Tom doing in Australia?
Instead of going to Australia, I want to go to New Zealand.
How did Tom get to Australia?
It's been almost three weeks since I got back to Australia.
Did you see Tom in Australia?
Could you please take care of my dog while I'm in Australia?
Did Tom like it in Australia?
Do you know how much it costs to get to Australia from here?
Did Tom grow up in Australia?
I plan to come back to Australia before the end of the year.
Ask Tom to come to Australia.
I'm going back to Australia. I've had enough of New Zealand.
I called Tom from Australia.
Instead of going to Australia, you should go to New Zealand.
How did Tom go to Australia?
We've been to Australia, but we haven't been to New Zealand.
Does Tom work in Australia?
I can't stay in Australia. I have to get back to New Zealand.
Does Tom live in Australia?
I don't live in Australia anymore. I now live in New Zealand.
Has Tom been to Australia?
I don't live in Australia anymore. I've moved to New Zealand.
Does Tom like Australia?
I live in Australia now, but I'm originally from New Zealand.
Did Tom go to Australia?
Did Tom like Australia?
Did I ever tell you about what I did last summer in Australia?
Tom died at the age of in Boston.
I think Australia is larger than New Zealand, but I'm not sure.
Tom is a talented artist, isn't he?
Life was certainly very interesting when we lived in Australia.
Tom helped clean up after the party.
"I'm from Australia. Where are you from?" "I'm from New Zealand."
Tom is going to come back tomorrow.
Do you really think I'd rather live in Australia than New Zealand?
We need to spend more time with Tom.
Have you been to Australia or New Zealand in the past three weeks?
Tom is a talented singer, isn't he?
Do you know what Tom's salary is now?
Tom is going to cry if Mary leaves.
I've never been to Australia. However, I have been in New Zealand.
How Tom did that doesn't matter much.
I plan to move back to Australia since my whole family lives there.
Tom is a terrible dancer, isn't he?
Instead of going to Australia next summer, let's go to New Zealand.
How did Tom get that done so quickly?
Tom is going to do a wonderful job.
We lived in Australia for three years before we came to New Zealand.
How many times a week do you see Tom?
Can I talk to you for just a second about what happened in Australia?
Tom is a terrible driver, isn't he?
I didn't want to live in Australia anymore, so I moved to New Zealand.
I've already discussed that with Tom.
I could've visited Australia, but decided to go to New Zealand instead.
Tom is going to do all the talking.
We stopped over in Australia for three nights on the way to New Zealand.
Is it true Tom used to live with you?
I'll be in Australia for three more days and then I'll go to New Zealand.
Tom is a very bad driver, isn't he?
No weapons were found in Tom's garage.
We'll be in Australia for three more days and then we'll go to New Zealand.
No weapon was found in Tom's garage.
I have two uncles. One lives in Australia and the other lives in New Zealand.
Tom is now looking for another job.
I live in Australia now, but I lived in New Zealand up until three years ago.
Tom and Mary had a good relationship.
Why are you here in Australia? You're supposed to be in New Zealand, aren't you?
Tom is a very clever boy, isn't he?
One of my children was born in Australia. The other two were born in New Zealand.
Tom lives on the west side of Boston.
When I was traveling from Australia to New Zealand, I met a nice girl on the plane.
Tom never talks about that anymore.
We don't want Tom to do that anymore.
I have a son and a daughter. My son lives in Australia and my daughter lives in New Zealand.
Tom is a very clumsy guy, isn't he?
How much did Tom pay you to help Mary?
"Did you go to Australia?" "No, I didn't." "How about New Zealand?" "Yes, I did go to New Zealand."
I had planned to stay in Australia all month, but something came up and I had to come back to New Zealand.
I asked Tom why he'd changed his mind.
"Did you go to Australia?" "No I didn't." "How about New Zealand?" "No, I didn't go to New Zealand either."
Tom is a very good actor, isn't he?
I was born in Australia, but I was brought up in New Zealand.
I talked to Tom about a lot of things.
Are you still planning on going back to Australia next Monday?
Tom refused to comment on the case.
Is it true Tom used to live in Boston?
The flat was spic and span.
He's not studying music.
She's not studying music.
Tom was born in Austria, but he built a career in California, in the United States.
There were too many people at the beach.
"How hot would you like your curry?" "Make it as spicy as you can!"
I'm sure Tom and Mary have a lot to talk about.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary have a lot to talk about.
I hope we can find the opportunity to do that.
I hope that we can find the opportunity to do that.
I'm sure three years from now Tom will still be living in the same place.
I'm sure that three years from now Tom will still be living in the same place.
Tom said he was going to start doing that.
Tom said that he was going to start doing that.
Our child has a cat.
The horses are hers.
Their children are vegetarian.
"Is this yours?" "Yes, that's mine."
Tom was surprised nobody else was there.
Tom was surprised no one else was there.
Tom was surprised that anybody else was there.
Tom was surprised anyone else was there.
Tom was surprised anybody else was there.
I'm really surprised Tom isn't here.
I'm really surprised that Tom isn't here.
Tom wasn't surprised nobody else was there.
Tom wasn't surprised no one else was there.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said he didn't know John.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said that he didn't know John.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said he didn't know to do that.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said that he didn't know to do that.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said he wouldn't do that that.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said that he wouldn't do that that.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said he'd do that.
I was kind of surprised when Tom said that he'd do that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said he didn't know John.
I was kind of surprised Tom said he didn't know to do that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said he wouldn't do that that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said he'd do that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said that he didn't know John.
I was kind of surprised Tom said that he didn't know to do that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said that he wouldn't do that that.
I was kind of surprised Tom said that he'd do that.
I'm surprised that I made it to thirty.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she didn't know John.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said that she didn't know John.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she didn't know to do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said that she didn't know to do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she wouldn't do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said that she wouldn't do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she'd do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said that she'd do that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she wouldn't do that that.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said that she wouldn't do that that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said she didn't know John.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said that she didn't know John.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said she didn't know to do that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said that she didn't know to do that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said she wouldn't do that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said that she wouldn't do that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said she'd do that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said that she'd do that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said she wouldn't do that that.
Tom was a little surprised when Mary said that she wouldn't do that that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said she didn't know John.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said that she didn't know John.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said she didn't know to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said that she didn't know to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said she wouldn't do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said that she wouldn't do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said she'd do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said that she'd do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said she wouldn't do that that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said that she wouldn't do that that.
I'm surprised Tom is still alive.
I'm surprised that Tom is still alive.
I'm surprised that Tom won.
I'm surprised that Tom went with Mary.
I'm surprised that Tom went to the party without Mary.
I'm surprised that Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I'm surprised that Tom was even here.
I'm surprised that Tom remembers us.
I'm surprised that Tom remembers me.
I'm surprised that Tom remembers Mary.
I'm surprised that Tom never mentioned you.
I'm surprised that Tom let Mary go out alone.
I'm surprised that Tom isn't with Mary now.
I'm surprised that Tom isn't here today.
I'm surprised that Tom isn't happy here.
I'm surprised that Tom isn't busy today.
I'm surprised that Tom had the gall to do that.
I'm surprised that Tom gave Mary all the money she asked for.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't know how to sing at least one song in French.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't have a girlfriend.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't have a bicycle.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't win.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't want to go with us.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't want to come.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't thank Mary for the gift.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't show.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't show up.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't show up at Mary's party.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't notice Mary leave.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't mention Mary.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't know how to spell Mary's last name.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't do that.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't come by car.
I'm surprised that Tom and Mary don't like each other.
I'm surprised that Tom and Mary are still seeing each other.
I was surprised that Tom was there this morning.
I was surprised that Tom didn't come yesterday.
I was surprised that Tom couldn't speak French.
I was kind of surprised that Tom said that.
Tom was surprised we were able to do that.
Tom was surprised that we were able to do that.
You weren't surprised Tom did that, were you?
You weren't surprised I wasn't able to do that, were you?
You weren't surprised I wanted to do that, were you?
You weren't surprised I needed to do that, were you?
You weren't surprised I had to do that, were you?
You weren't surprised I didn't want to do that, were you?
You weren't surprised I didn't need to do that, were you?
You weren't surprised I didn't have to do that, were you?
You weren't surprised I did that, were you?
You were surprised I did that, weren't you?
You seemed to be surprised Tom wasn't able to do that.
You seemed surprised Tom wasn't able to do that.
We were all surprised Tom won the race.
We were all surprised Tom didn't win the race.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary won the prize.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary won the contest.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary wasn't on time.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary was there.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary was still up.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary was late.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary was asking him for a divorce.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary was afraid.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary showed up.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary had a motorcycle.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary didn't like John.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary did that.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary could do that.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary complained so much.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary caught more fish than he did.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary already knew what to do.
Tom wasn't surprised Mary already knew about what had happened.
Tom was surprised Mary won the race.
Tom was surprised Mary won the prize.
Tom was surprised Mary won the contest.
Tom was surprised Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom was surprised Mary was still up.
Tom was surprised Mary showed up.
Tom was surprised Mary remembered what he'd said to her.
Tom was surprised Mary recognized John after so many years.
Tom was surprised Mary quit her job.
Tom was surprised Mary had changed so much.
Tom was surprised Mary had a motorcycle.
Tom was surprised Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom was surprised Mary didn't know to do that.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't know to do that.
Tom was surprised Mary didn't know to swim.
Tom was surprised Mary didn't do that.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't know to swim.
Tom was surprised Mary did that.
Tom was surprised Mary could do that.
Tom was surprised Mary complained so much.
Tom was surprised Mary caught more fish than he did.
Tom was surprised Mary bought such a small car.
Tom was surprised Mary ate so much.
Tom was surprised Mary already knew what to do.
Tom was surprised Mary already knew about what happened.
Tom was surprised Mary already knew about what had happened.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary wanted to that.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary didn't do that.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary did that.
Tom was a little surprised Mary said that.
Tom seemed to be surprised Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom seemed to be surprised Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom seemed surprised Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom seemed surprised Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom glanced at his watch and was surprised it was already midnight.
Tom didn't seem to be surprised Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be surprised Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom didn't seem surprised Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised Mary had a motorcycle.
Tom didn't seem surprised Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom didn't seem surprised I didn't do that.
Tom was surprised it was that late.
Tom was surprised that it was that late.
It's surprising you haven't heard anything about Tom and Mary's wedding.
It's surprising that you haven't heard anything about Tom and Mary's wedding.
It's surprising Tom doesn't know anything about it.
It's surprising that Tom doesn't know anything about it.
It's not surprising Tom resigned.
It's not surprising Tom is proud of his son.
It's not surprising that Tom is proud of his son.
It was surprising Tom said that.
It was surprising that Tom said that.
It isn't surprising Tom resigned.
I'm very surprised you don't know Tom.
I'm very surprised Tom isn't here.
I'm surprised you're so naive.
I'm surprised you won the prize.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom got into Harvard.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom couldn't speak French.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom could speak French.
I'm surprised you asked me that.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't speak French.
I'm surprised Tom didn't enjoy the concert.
I'm surprised Tom didn't agree with you.
I'm surprised she did such a thing.
I'm surprised I don't have to do what you have to do.
I'm surprised I don't have to do the same thing you have to do.
I'm surprised I don't have to do that.
I'm surprised Tom accepted the offer.
I'm surprised that Tom accepted the offer.
I'm surprised that that building is still standing.
I'm sure Tom wasn't surprised Mary didn't show up.
I'm not surprised Tom won.
I'm not surprised Tom went to Boston.
I'm not surprised Tom was late.
I'm not surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom plans to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom plans on doing that.
I'm not surprised Tom is late.
I'm not surprised Tom is here.
I'm not surprised Tom isn't here.
I'm not surprised that Tom isn't here.
I'm not surprised Tom is afraid.
I'm not surprised Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't win.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't need to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't cry.
I'm not surprised Tom did that.
I'm not surprised Tom cried.
I'm not surprised I don't have to do the same thing you have to do.
I wasn't surprised you needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom wasn't able to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom was there.
I wasn't surprised Tom was late.
I wasn't surprised Tom was afraid.
I wasn't surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom had to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't want to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't want to do that with you.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't need to do the same thing I needed to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't have to do what I had to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't have to do the same thing I had to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't do that.
I wasn't surprised Tom couldn't do that.
I wasn't surprised I wasn't able to do that.
I wasn't surprised I had to do that.
I wasn't surprised I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised I didn't have to do what you had to do.
I wasn't surprised I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
I wasn't surprised I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised I couldn't do that.
I was very surprised Tom wasn't at your party.
I was surprised you won the prize.
I was surprised Tom wasn't there.
I was surprised Tom wasn't able to do that.
I was surprised Tom was there.
I was surprised Tom was confused.
I was surprised Tom spoke French so well.
I was surprised Tom said that.
I was surprised Tom needed to do that.
I was surprised Tom had to do that.
I was surprised Tom didn't win.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do what I wanted to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do what everyone else wanted to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do what everybody else wanted to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do the same thing I wanted to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do that.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do what I needed to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do what everyone else needed to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do what everybody else needed to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do the same thing I needed to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do that.
I was surprised Tom didn't know how to swim.
I was surprised Tom didn't know how to do that.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do what I had to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do what everyone else had to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do what everybody else had to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do the same thing I had to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do that.
I was surprised Tom did that.
I was surprised Tom couldn't do that.
I was surprised Tom couldn't do that better than he did.
I was surprised I didn't need to do that.
I was surprised I didn't have to do the same things you had to do.
I was surprised I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
I was surprised I didn't have to do that.
I was kind of surprised Tom didn't do that.
I was kind of surprised Tom did that.
I'm surprised Tom turned down such a good offer.
I'm surprised that Tom turned down such a good offer.
Even Tom is surprised Mary lied.
Even Tom was surprised Mary lied.
Even Tom was surprised that Mary lied.
Aren't you surprised I came?
Are you surprised I came?
Aren't you surprised Tom did that?
Aren't you surprised that Tom did that?
Are you surprised Tom did that?
Are you surprised that Tom did that?
Tom was surprised Tom was on Farid's side.
Tom was surprised that Tom was on Farid's side.
I'm not surprised that happened.
I'm not surprised that that happened.
Tom was surprised I couldn't do that.
Tom was surprised that I couldn't do that.
Tom was surprised Mary agreed with John.
Tom was surprised that Mary agreed with John.
Tom was very surprised that happened.
Tom was very surprised that that happened.
Tom was very surprised Mary did that.
Tom was very surprised that Mary did that.
Tom was surprised Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom was surprised that Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom was surprised Mary wasn't able to dance very well.
Tom was surprised that Mary wasn't able to dance very well.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary said yes.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary said yes.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary agreed with him.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary agreed with him.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom was kind of surprised Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary wouldn't do that.
I'm very surprised Tom didn't do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom didn't do that.
I'm very surprised Tom was able to do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom was able to do that.
I'm very surprised Tom wasn't able to do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
I'm very surprised Tom couldn't do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom couldn't do that.
I'm very surprised Tom could do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom could do that.
I'm very surprised Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm very surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
I'm very surprised Tom can't do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom can't do that.
I'm very surprised Tom can do that.
I'm very surprised that Tom can do that.
I'm not surprised Tom doesn't want to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom doesn't want to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom doesn't have to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom doesn't have to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
I'm not surprised that Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
I'm sure that Tom wasn't surprised Mary didn't show up.
I'm sure that Tom wasn't surprised that Mary didn't show up.
Tom's lawyer was not surprised when the jury found him not guilty.
What surprised me was that Tom didn't seem happy.
Tom was surprised by how well Mary could do that.
I was surprised when I heard Tom speaking French.
Tom was surprised by how well Mary could swim.
Tom was surprised by how well Mary could sing.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't hear anything.
Tom surprised a peeping Tom in his garden.
Tom was surprised by how things happened.
Tom wasn't surprised when that happened.
Tom seemed just as surprised as Mary.
Tom surprised a burglar in his house.
Tom is just as surprised as Tom.
Tom was so surprised.
Tom surprised us all when he got up to sing.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom could speak French.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom couldn't speak French.
I'm surprised you didn't know Tom got into Harvard.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom could speak French.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom couldn't speak French.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom got into Harvard.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't need to do the same thing that I needed to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't have to do the same thing that I had to do.
I wasn't surprised I didn't have to do the same thing that you had to do.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't have to do the same thing that you had to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't want to do the same thing that I wanted to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do the same thing that I wanted to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do the same thing that I needed to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do the same thing that I needed to do.
I was surprised Tom didn't have to do the same thing that I had to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do the same thing that I had to do.
I was surprised I didn't have to do the same things that you had to do.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do the same things that you had to do.
I was surprised I didn't have to do the same thing that you had to do.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do the same thing that you had to do.
Tom likes to play practical jokes on everyone.
Tom likes playing practical jokes on everybody.
Tom likes playing practical jokes on everyone.
Tom likes to play practical jokes on everybody.
It isn't going to be easy for Tom.
It's not going to be easy for Tom to do that.
It isn't going to be easy for Tom to do that.
It's not going to be easy for me to do that.
It isn't going to be easy for me to do that.
It's not going to be easy for us to do that.
It isn't going to be easy for us to do that.
It's not what a man has but what he is that is really important.
It's not what a man has but what he is that's really important.
It won't be as had to do that as you think.
It won't be as difficult to do that as you think.
It's not rare for Tom to do that.
It isn't rare for Tom to do that.
It isn't polite to interrupt someone while they're talking.
It's not polite to interrupt somebody while they're talking.
It's not polite to interrupt someone while they're talking.
It isn't polite to interrupt somebody while they're talking.
It's not necessary for us to do that now.
It isn't necessary for us to do that now.
It's not necessary for Tom to do that now.
It isn't necessary for Tom to do that now.
It's not necessary to do that now.
It isn't necessary to do that now.
It's not necessary for you to do that now.
It isn't necessary for you to do that now.
That isn't my name.
It's not likely Tom did that on purpose.
It isn't likely Tom did that on purpose.
I can't believe that you missed Tom's graduation.
I can't believe that you did that.
I can't believe that I did that.
I can't believe you didn't do that.
I can't believe that you didn't do that.
I can't believe that Tom didn't do that.
I can't believe you wanted to do that.
I can't believe that you wanted to do that.
I can't believe Tom wanted to do that.
I can't believe that Tom wanted to do that.
I can't believe you didn't want to do that.
I can't believe that you didn't want to do that.
I can't believe Tom didn't want to do that.
I can't believe that Tom didn't want to do that.
I can't believe you didn't have to do that.
I can't believe that you didn't have to do that.
I can't believe Tom didn't have to do that.
I can't believe that Tom didn't have to do that.
I can't believe you didn't need to do that.
I can't believe that you didn't need to do that.
I can't believe Tom didn't need to do that.
I can't believe that Tom didn't need to do that.
I can't believe you had to do that.
I can't believe that you had to do that.
I can't believe Tom had to do that.
I can't believe that Tom had to do that.
I can't believe you needed to do that.
I can't believe that you needed to do that.
I can't believe Tom needed to do that.
I can't believe that Tom needed to do that.
I can't believe that Tom said that.
I want to know what Tom is up to.
It's not worth repairing this camera.
It isn't what a man has but what he is that is really important.
It isn't what a man has but what he is that's really important.
It isn't socially acceptable to point at people.
It's not socially acceptable to point at people.
It isn't so much the heat as the humidity that makes me tired.
It's not so much the heat as the humidity that makes me tired.
It's not as difficult as you think.
It isn't as difficult to do that as you think.
It's not as difficult to do that as you think.
It's not safe for a girl to go out by herself so late at night.
It isn't really visible to the naked eye.
It's not really visible to the naked eye.
It isn't rare for Tom to make such mistakes.
It's not rare for Tom to make such mistakes.
It isn't proper to be late for a dinner party.
It's not proper to be late for a dinner party.
It isn't necessary to make a decision now.
It's not necessary to make a decision now.
It isn't necessary for us to make a decision now.
It's not necessary for us to make a decision now.
It's not necessary to bring a gift.
It isn't necessary for you to take Tom advice if you don't want to.
It's not necessary for you to take Tom advice if you don't want to.
It isn't necessary for you to quit your job.
It's not necessary for you to quit your job.
It isn't necessary for us to attend this lecture.
It's not necessary for us to attend this lecture.
It isn't necessary for us to attend the meeting.
It's not necessary for us to attend the meeting.
It isn't necessarily so.
It's not necessarily so.
It isn't my intent to hurt you in any way.
It's not my intent to hurt you in any way.
It isn't important whether we win the game or not.
It's not important whether we win the game or not.
It isn't good to ridicule people in public.
It's not good to ridicule people in public.
It isn't polite to laugh at others.
It's not polite to laugh at others.
It isn't good for people to live alone.
It's not good for people to live alone.
It's not going to rain this evening.
It's not funny at all.
It isn't for beginners.
It's not for beginners.
It's not far from the hotel.
It's not far from my house to the station.
It isn't far away from the hotel.
It's not far away from the hotel.
It isn't evident whether the police followed the usual search procedures.
It's not evident whether the police followed the usual search procedures.
It's not especially hot today.
It's not easy to understand why you want to leave.
It isn't easy to understand why I should do that.
It's not easy to understand why I should do that.
It's not easy to train dogs.
It's not easy to speak French.
It isn't easy to solve the problem.
It's not easy to master French.
It's not easy to learn a foreign language.
It's not easy to get rid of bad habits.
It isn't easy to get rid of a bad habit.
It isn't easy to find the way to the park.
It's not easy to find the way to the park.
It isn't easy to distinguish good from evil.
It's not easy to distinguish good from evil.
It's not easy to be understood by everyone.
It's not easy to be understood by everybody.
It isn't easy to be understood by everybody.
It isn't easy to be understood by everyone.
It's not death I fear, but dying.
It's not death that I fear, but dying.
It isn't death I fear, but dying.
It isn't death that I fear, but dying.
It isn't easy to catch a rabbit with your bare hands.
It's not easy to catch a rabbit with your bare hands.
It isn't easy to catch a fish with your hands.
It's not easy to catch a fish with your hands.
It isn't easy to be an umpire today.
It's not easy to be an umpire today.
It's not difficult to speak French.
It isn't clear who wrote this letter.
It's not clear who wrote this letter.
It isn't clear whether Tom is wise or not.
It's not clear whether Tom is wise or not.
It isn't clear when and where Tom was born.
It's not clear when and where Tom was born.
It isn't clear what the writer is trying to say.
It's not clear what the writer is trying to say.
It's not as good as it looks.
It isn't appropriate for you to do this.
It's not appropriate for you to do this.
It's not any different from what I expected.
It isn't always easy to read between the lines.
It's not always easy to read between the lines.
It isn't always easy to face reality.
It's not always easy to face reality.
It isn't always easy to distinguish good from evil.
It's not always easy to distinguish good from evil.
It isn't a watch.
It isn't yours.
It isn't your problem.
It isn't your money I want.
It's not your money I want.
It isn't your money that I want.
It isn't your job.
It isn't you I'm worried about.
It isn't you that I'm worried about.
It's not you that I'm worried about.
It isn't you I hate.
It isn't you that I hate.
It's not you that I hate.
It isn't yet working.
It isn't working yet.
It's not working yet.
It isn't yet time.
It isn't yet over.
It isn't yet finished.
It isn't finished yet.
It isn't written in French.
It isn't worth worrying about it.
It isn't worth waiting for.
It isn't worth the wait.
It isn't worth the time.
It isn't worth the pain.
It isn't worth the money.
It isn't worth the money they're asking for.
It isn't worth the headache.
It isn't worth the effort.
It isn't worth talking about.
It isn't worth much.
It isn't worth mentioning.
It isn't worth it anymore.
It isn't worth discussing.
It isn't worth crying over.
It isn't worth arguing about.
It isn't without risks.
It isn't what you wear, it's how you wear it.
It isn't what you say, but what you do that counts.
It isn't what you say, but how you say it.
It isn't what you say that matters, it's what you do.
It isn't what you say that matters, it's how you say it.
It isn't what you say that matters, but how you say it.
It isn't what you say that counts, but how you say it.
It isn't what you do, but how you do it that matters.
It isn't what we thought it was.
It isn't what it seems.
It isn't what I was looking for.
It isn't what I wanted to say.
It isn't what I expected.
It isn't what Tom said, but the way he said it.
It's not what Tom said, but the way he said it.
It isn't weird.
It isn't voluntary.
It isn't very likely to rain tomorrow.
It isn't very important.
It isn't very hard.
It isn't very good.
It isn't very far from here.
It isn't very expensive.
It isn't very easy.
It isn't very durable.
It isn't very difficult.
It isn't very complicated.
It isn't usually this busy.
It isn't us who did that.
It isn't us who did it.
It isn't up to you.
It isn't up to me.
It isn't up to us.
It's not up to us.
It isn't up for discussion.
It isn't up for debate.
It isn't unusual for Tom to go to bed before 9:00.
It isn't unusual for Tom to be late.
It isn't unusual for this kind of thing to happen.
It isn't unprecedented.
It isn't unheard of.
It isn't uncommon to see Americans kissing in public.
It isn't uncommon for students to not study until the night before a test.
It isn't uncommon for people to give fake personal information when registering to use websites.
It isn't uncommon for a divorced couple to marry each other again some years after their initial divorce.
It isn't ugly.
It isn't true, is it?
It isn't true anymore.
It isn't too spicy, is it?
It isn't too much.
It isn't too late.
It isn't too late to walk away.
It isn't too late to tell Tom you love him.
It's not too late to tell Tom you love him.
It isn't too late to tell Tom that you love him.
It isn't too late to tell Mary you love her.
It's not too late to tell Mary you love her.
It isn't too late to tell Mary that you love her.
It isn't too late to do the right thing.
It isn't too late to change your mind.
It isn't too late for you to change your mind.
It's not too late for you to change your mind.
It isn't too late to change the schedule.
It isn't too late to call this off.
It isn't too late to ask Tom to do that for you.
It isn't too hot.
It isn't too hard.
It isn't too hard to learn French.
It isn't too difficult to learn French.
It's not too difficult to learn French.
It isn't too hard to do that.
It isn't too difficult to do that.
It's not too difficult to do that.
It isn't too far.
It isn't too far to walk.
It isn't too far from Boston.
It isn't too fancy.
It isn't too expensive.
It isn't too early.
It isn't too deep.
It isn't too cold.
It isn't Tom's.
It isn't Tom's problem. It's mine.
It isn't Tom's problem.
It isn't Tom's fault you were arrested.
It isn't Tom's decision.
It isn't Tom you have to watch out for.
It isn't Tom who needs protection. It's Mary.
It isn't Tom Mary has been protecting.
It isn't Tom that Mary has been protecting.
It's not Tom that Mary has been protecting.
It isn't Tom that I'm worried about.
It's not Tom that I'm worried about.
It isn't Tom I'm worried about.
It isn't time.
It isn't time to stop yet.
It isn't time to go home yet.
It isn't time to eat yet.
It isn't time to do that yet.
It's not time to do that yet.
It isn't this one.
It isn't there now.
It isn't there anymore.
It isn't their fault.
It isn't my fault.
It isn't the way it used to be.
It isn't the same.
It isn't the same without you.
It isn't the same here without you.
It's not the same here without you.
It isn't the same around here without you.
It isn't the same anymore.
It isn't the real thing.
It isn't the only example.
It isn't the Olympics.
It isn't the final goal, but the process of getting there that matters.
It isn't the end of the world.
It isn't the end of the story yet.
It isn't the answer.
It isn't that windy today.
It isn't that weird, is it?
It isn't that strange.
It isn't that scary.
It isn't that ridiculous.
It isn't that noticeable.
It isn't that nice.
It isn't that long a flight.
It isn't that interesting.
It isn't that I'm not interested.
It isn't that I don't want to go, it's just that it's not a good time for me.
It isn't that I don't want to go, I just can't afford to.
It's not that I don't want to go, I just can't afford to.
It isn't that I don't love you, I just don't want to get married.
It isn't that I don't care, I just don't care as much as you do.
It isn't that far.
It isn't that far from here.
It isn't that different.
It isn't that deep.
It isn't that deep here.
It isn't that complicated.
It isn't that cold.
It isn't that big a deal.
It isn't that bad, is it?
It isn't that bad yet.
It isn't that at all.
It isn't surprising.
It isn't supposed to rain today.
It isn't supposed to happen.
It isn't supposed to be this way.
It isn't supposed to be like this.
It isn't supposed to be happening.
It isn't supposed to be fun.
It isn't such a long list.
It isn't such a big problem.
It's not such a big problem.
It isn't subjective.
It isn't stupid.
It isn't spring yet.
It isn't special.
It isn't something you forget.
It isn't something we planned.
It isn't something that could ever happen.
It's not something that I'm very good at.
It's not something that I'm proud of.
It's not something that I'm familiar with.
It's not something that I'd do.
It's not something that I want to discuss.
It's not something that I think I can do.
It's not something that I can miss.
It's not something that I can decide quickly.
It's not something that anyone would be ashamed of.
It's not something that just anyone can do.
It's not something just anyone can do.
It isn't something that I'm very good at.
It isn't something I'm very good at.
It isn't something that I'm proud of.
It isn't something I'm proud of.
It isn't something that I'm familiar with.
It isn't something I'm familiar with.
It isn't something that I'd do.
It isn't something I'd do.
It isn't something that I want to discuss.
It isn't something I want to discuss.
It isn't something that I think I can do.
It isn't something I think I can do.
It isn't something that I can miss.
It isn't something I can miss.
It isn't something that I can decide quickly.
It isn't something I can decide quickly.
It isn't something that anyone would be ashamed of.
It isn't something anyone would be ashamed of.
It isn't something that anyone can do.
It isn't something anyone can do.
It's not something that anyone can do.
I'm sorry I wasn't at yesterday's meeting.
I'm sorry that I wasn't at yesterday's meeting.
It isn't as bad as it sounds.
It isn't as difficult to do as it sounds.
It's not as difficult to do as it sounds.
It isn't dark yet.
It's not dark yet.
It isn't our fault.
It isn't our job to do that.
It isn't our responsibility.
It isn't over till the fat lady sings.
It isn't over until the fat lady sings.
It isn't perfect.
It isn't personal.
It isn't pertinent.
It isn't physically possible.
It isn't polite to speak with your mouth full.
It isn't polite to stare at others.
It isn't polite to stare.
It isn't possible to do two things at once.
It isn't possible to get there by car.
It's not possible to get there by car.
It isn't possible to get there by train.
It isn't possible to know everything.
It isn't possible to live forever.
It isn't possible to live on that island.
It's not possible to please everybody.
It isn't possible to please everyone.
It isn't possible to stop here.
It isn't possible to wait.
It isn't possible, is it?
It isn't practical.
It isn't predictable.
It isn't quite as bad as it sounds.
It isn't quite as difficult to do as it sounds.
It isn't quite as simple as that.
It isn't quite dark yet.
It isn't quite enough.
It isn't quite finished.
It isn't quite normal.
It isn't quite ready yet.
It isn't quite right.
It isn't quite the same.
It isn't raining hard.
It's not raining hard.
It isn't raining yet.
It isn't real money.
It isn't really a competition.
It isn't really a shock.
It isn't really all that difficult to cut someone's hair.
It isn't really all that difficult to do that.
It's not really all that difficult to do that.
It isn't really difficult to do that.
It's not really difficult to do that.
It isn't really finished yet.
It isn't really food.
It isn't really much of a problem.
It isn't really my cup of tea.
It isn't really necessary to do that.
It isn't really necessary.
It isn't really that relaxing.
It isn't really that surprising.
It isn't really up to me.
It isn't really up to Tom.
It's not really up to Tom.
It isn't really what I was hoping for.
It isn't reasonable.
It isn't ridiculous.
It isn't right to treat people like that.
It's not right to treat people like that.
It isn't right to treat people like this.
It isn't rocket science.
It isn't safe at night around here.
It isn't safe for a girl to go out by herself this late at night.
It isn't safe for me here.
It isn't safe for me to be here.
It isn't safe for Tom to be around me anymore.
It isn't safe for you to be here.
It isn't safe for you to walk home alone.
It isn't safe there.
It isn't safe to drink that water.
It isn't safe to drink the tap water here.
It isn't safe to drink this water.
It isn't safe to drive without wearing a seatbelt.
It isn't safe to go out after dark by yourself.
It isn't safe to jump out of a moving truck.
It isn't safe to play in the street.
It isn't safe to split up.
It isn't safe to text while you drive.
It isn't safe.
It isn't secure.
It isn't serious.
It isn't similar at all.
It isn't simple.
It isn't so bad here.
It isn't so bad up here.
It isn't so bad.
It isn't so cheap.
It isn't so easy for us.
It isn't so easy to do that.
It isn't so easy.
It isn't so far-fetched.
It isn't so far.
It isn't so good.
It isn't so hard.
It isn't so little.
It isn't so much to ask.
It isn't so simple.
It isn't so strange.
It isn't so terrible.
It isn't so unusual.
That's not supposed to be here.
That isn't supposed to be here.
That's not supposed to happen here.
That isn't supposed to happen here.
That isn't supposed to happen.
That isn't what I expected.
That isn't not what we do.
That's not what we expected.
That isn't what we expected.
That isn't what we want.
That isn't why I'm here.
We're not quite finished.
We aren't quite finished.
We're not too far from Boston.
We aren't too far from Boston.
It's not likely Tom will do that tomorrow.
It's not likely Tom went there.
It's not likely that Tom went there.
It's not nice to make fun of somebody just because they're different.
It isn't nice to make fun of somebody just because they're different.
It isn't nice to make fun of someone just because they're different.
It isn't your fault, is it?
It's not your fault, is it?
It isn't your choice.
It's not your choice.
It isn't you responsibility to do that.
It's not you responsibility to do that.
It isn't Tom's responsibility to do that.
It's not Tom's responsibility to do that.
It isn't Tom's fault, is it?
It's not Tom's fault, is it?
It isn't Tom's choice.
It's not Tom's choice.
It isn't our responsibility to do that.
It's not our responsibility to do that.
It isn't our fault, is it?
It's not our fault, is it?
It isn't our anniversary.
It isn't open to debate.
It isn't open for debate.
It isn't only Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
It isn't on the menu.
It isn't on the map.
It isn't OK to smoke here.
It isn't often that Tom leaves early.
It isn't often that Tom does that.
It isn't official.
It isn't normally like this.
It isn't normal.
It isn't nice to talk like that.
It isn't nice to make fun of people with speech impediments.
It isn't nice to make fun of others.
It isn't nice to keep your friend waiting like this.
It isn't nice to keep a lady waiting.
It isn't negotiable.
It isn't necessary to write a long letter.
It isn't necessary to take all of that medicine.
It isn't necessary to speak like a native speaker in order to communicate.
It isn't necessary to come tomorrow.
It isn't necessary for us to do that.
It isn't necessary for Tom to stay in the hospital.
It's not necessary for Tom to stay in the hospital.
It isn't necessary for Tom to go there himself.
It isn't necessary for Tom to do that.
It's not necessary for Tom to do that.
It isn't necessary for Tom to do that by himself.
It's not necessary for Tom to do that by himself.
It isn't necessary for me to do that.
It's not necessary for me to do that.
It isn't nearly as cold today as I thought it was going to be.
It isn't natural.
It isn't natural for a mother to outlive her child.
It isn't my responsibility to do that.
It isn't my problem. It's yours.
It isn't my problem. It's Tom's.
It isn't my problem.
It isn't my problem anymore.
It isn't my job.
It isn't my job to do that.
It isn't my job to confront Tom.
It isn't my fault, is it?
It isn't my decision.
It isn't my day.
It isn't my cup of tea.
It isn't my concern.
It isn't my choice.
It isn't my car.
It isn't my birthday.
It isn't much of a surprise, is it?
It isn't much of a plan.
It isn't Monday.
It isn't mine to give away.
It isn't me you have to convince.
It isn't me that Tom wants to talk to.
It isn't lunchtime yet.
It isn't looking good.
It isn't logical.
It isn't likely Tom will do what we ask.
It isn't likely Tom will be there tonight.
It isn't likely Tom did it on purpose.
It isn't likely to work.
It isn't likely to rain tomorrow.
It isn't likely to happen soon.
It isn't likely to happen anytime soon.
It's not likely to happen anytime soon.
It isn't likely to get any better.
It isn't likely to be as easy as you think it'll be.
It isn't likely that Tom went there.
It isn't like you're going to get arrested or anything.
It isn't like you to cry at movies.
It isn't like you to complain.
It isn't like you to be late.
It isn't like you think.
It isn't like you knew what they were going to do.
It isn't like you have anything else to do.
It isn't like you have anything better to do.
It isn't like you didn't see this coming.
It isn't like we're strangers.
It isn't like we're going to get married or anything.
It isn't like we're doing anything.
It isn't like we made up the rules.
It isn't like we have anything else to do.
It isn't like we have anything better to do.
It isn't like Tom was rushed.
It isn't like Tom to be so late.
It isn't like Tom to be late.
It isn't like Tom not to call.
It isn't like Tom murdered somebody.
It isn't like Tom is going to know.
It isn't like Tom is going anywhere.
It's not like Tom is going anywhere.
It isn't like Tom and I are doing anything.
It isn't like the movies.
It isn't like that at all.
It isn't like that anymore.
It isn't like it used to be.
It isn't like it just happened.
It isn't like I'm real anxious to see Tom.
It isn't like I'm not trying.
It isn't like I'm completely happy right now.
It isn't like I was trying to avoid Tom.
It isn't like I want you here.
It isn't like I really want to go to Boston.
It isn't like I haven't tried.
It isn't like I haven't heard it before.
It isn't like I haven't been trained for this.
It isn't like I have anything else to do.
It isn't like I have anything better to do.
It isn't like I had a choice.
It isn't like I don't want to do it.
It isn't like everyone doesn't have one.
It isn't like anybody got hurt.
It isn't like anybody cares.
It isn't like I really wanted to go to Boston.
It's not like I really wanted to go to Boston.
It's not hard for everyone.
It isn't hard for everyone.
It isn't hard for everybody.
It's not good for anyone.
It isn't good for anyone.
It isn't good for anybody.
It's not going to be that hard to do that.
It's not going to be that difficult to do that.
It isn't going to be that hard to do that.
It isn't too late to call Tom now.
It isn't Tom's style.
It's not Tom's style.
It isn't Tom's place to tell me what to do.
It's not Tom's place to tell me what to do.
It isn't Tom's idea, it's mine.
It's not Tom's idea, it's mine.
It isn't light enough in here to read.
It isn't legally binding.
It isn't legal to keep wild animals as pets.
It isn't known who first invented the wheel.
It isn't known how many of them survived.
It isn't just what you do, it's how you do it.
It isn't just what you do, it's how and why you do it.
It isn't just Tom's problem.
It isn't just Tom's fault.
It isn't just my problem.
It's not just my problem.
It isn't just my fault.
It's not just my fault.
It isn't just illegal, it's also dangerous.
It isn't just here.
It isn't just about the money.
It isn't just a theory.
It isn't just a safety issue.
It isn't just a pen.
It isn't just a minor problem.
It isn't just a guess.
It isn't just a game.
It isn't just a concept.
It isn't irrelevant.
It isn't in my contract.
It isn't important what my name is.
It isn't important anymore.
It isn't illegal.
It isn't illegal to do that.
It isn't illegal to do that here.
It isn't ideal.
It isn't ideal, but it's the least unsatisfactory solution.
It isn't how much you know, but what you can do that counts.
It isn't how it seems.
It isn't how I want us to be.
It isn't hopeless.
It isn't here.
It isn't healthy to skip meals.
It isn't healthy to eat and run.
It isn't healthy to drink as much water as you do.
It isn't healthy for you.
It isn't hard to understand.
It isn't hard to stand out when you're surrounded by idiots.
It isn't hard to see why you don't like Tom.
It's not hard to see why you don't like Tom.
It isn't hard to see why you aren't a success.
It isn't hard to make new friends.
It isn't hard to guess what's going to happen.
It isn't hard to find.
It isn't hard for me.
It isn't happening right now.
It isn't good to stay up late at night.
It isn't good to read in a dark room.
It isn't good to overeat.
It isn't good to force our ideas on others.
It isn't good for my heart.
It isn't good enough.
It isn't gold.
It isn't going well, is it?
It isn't going very well.
It isn't going very well for you.
It isn't going to work.
It isn't going to work, you know.
It isn't going to work, is it?
It isn't going to work out.
It isn't going to take long.
It isn't going to snow today.
It isn't going to rain tonight.
It isn't going to make any difference.
It isn't going to happen.
It isn't going to happen to Tom.
It isn't going to happen anytime soon.
It isn't going to get any better.
It isn't going to ever happen anymore.
It isn't going to end well.
It isn't going to come to that.
It isn't going to change.
It isn't going to be the same.
It isn't going to be that much fun.
It's not going to be that much fun.
It isn't going to be that hard.
It's not going to be that hard.
It isn't going to be that easy.
It isn't going to be that easy to do that.
It's not going to be that easy to do that.
It isn't going to be that difficult to do that.
It isn't going to be that bad.
It isn't going to be possible for us to do that today.
It isn't going to be long.
It isn't going to be like that.
It isn't going to be hard to do this.
It isn't going to be hard to do that.
It isn't going to be easy to finish this job on time.
It isn't going to be easy to do this.
It isn't going to be easy to do that.
It isn't going to be easy to do that without a lot of help.
It isn't going to be easy to decode.
It isn't going to be easy to decide.
It isn't going bite you.
It's not going bite you.
It's not going to be easy to convince Tom to do that.
It's not going to be easy to convince Tom to help us.
It's not going to be easy to convince Tom to help us do that.
It's not going to be difficult for us to do that.
It isn't going to be easy to convince Tom.
It isn't going to be easy to convince Tom to do that.
It isn't going to be easy to convince Tom to help us.
It isn't going to be easy to convince Tom to help us do that.
It isn't going to be easy for you to do that.
It isn't going to be easy for me.
It isn't going to be difficult to do this.
It isn't going to be difficult to do that.
It isn't going to be difficult for us to do that.
Sami messaged me on Facebook.
Sami is reading the story.
Sami read the article.
Sami didn't go to the basement.
Sami told Layla not to go to the basement.
Sami heard a baby crying.
Sami can hear the baby.
Sami ignored it.
Sami asked Layla not to go down there.
Sami is in the basement.
Sami stayed in his room.
Sami doesn't hear anything.
Sami went downstairs to check.
Sami is sleeping upstairs.
Sami asked Layla to explain him that.
Sami wanted to know what was going on.
Sami put his ear up to the door.
Sami was being so elusive.
Sami really wants to know what is going on.
Sami really wants to know what's going on.
Sami said it wasn't him.
Sami didn't see anyone.
Sami went back to his room.
Sami doesn't know whose car this is.
Sami saw a shadow in the window.
Sami wants to leave this house.
Sami can't see me.
Sami was crying and screaming his father's name.
Sami found a little baby in the basement.
Sami kept screaming.
Sami made sure all the doors were locked.
Sami was trying to break into the house.
Sami was supposed to be there.
Sami is supposed to be here right now.
Sami broke the window.
Sami wanted to call the police.
Sami will take care of it.
Sami kept the doors locked.
Sami doesn't see Layla.
Sami's car is still there.
Sami's father knows.
Sami is having an affair.
Sami went to hide.
Sami doesn't like me.
Sami had an affair with Layla.
Sami doesn't know how Layla and Farid met.
Sami didn't give me a straight answer.
Sami has been having an affair.
Sami didn't want Layla to know.
Sami tried to break up with Layla.
Sami's mistress is at the door.
Sami was obsessed with his mistress.
Sami's mistress is obsessed with him.
Sami feels much better.
Sami didn't want to disappoint Layla.
Sami knows Layla is here.
Sami was on the ground floor.
Sami thinks Layla has a gun.
Sami was on the way.
Sami had a son with his mistress.
Sami asked Layla not to go into that basement.
Sami is going downstairs.
Sami has to know what happened.
Sami can't hear Layla anymore.
Sami can't see anything.
Sami didn't understand anything.
Sami hasn't done this in a long time.
Sami's house is really creepy.
Sami kept all his junk in the basement.
Sami didn't wait for Layla.
Sami checked the laundry room.
Sami saw something moving.
Sami found Layla's phone on the floor, by the washing machine.
Sami was sleeping on a concrete floor in the dark.
Sami is a human being.
Sami is clearly terrified.
Sami is disgusted by this behavior.
Sami should concentrate on staying safe.
Sami took Layla upstairs.
Sami knew Layla was there.
Sami's house was creepy as hell.
Sami tried to kill Layla.
Sami was not safe.
Sami doesn't have to deal with this.
Sami didn't answer me.
Sami hates this.
Sami opened his mouth.
Sami and Layla started screaming.
Layla's baby was screaming.
Sami said he heard something.
Sami had the wrong address.
Sami called the police twice.
Sami is by the window.
Sami should get out of there.
Sami is already there.
Sami is hiding in the backyard.
Sami can hear the sirens.
Sami should just concentrate on staying safe.
Sami just kept screaming.
Sami hid his phone.
Sami wasn't answering.
Sami's ringing phone scared Layla's baby.
Sami thinks Layla is following him.
Sami and Layla used to picnic here.
Sami was getting closer.
Sami has had enough of this.
Sami is gonna try anyways.
Sami is going to try anyways.
Sami's phone was covered in blood.
Sami got rid of the phone.
Sami cares about Layla.
Sami didn't look at the phone.
Sami was a fool.
Sami said he had changed.
Sami was making a mistake.
Sami was talking in the past tense.
Sami couldn't keep the family together.
Sami didn't want me to come home today.
Sami cheats on me.
Sami had the nerve to call me names.
Sami really is an idiot.
Sami wanted to know where his father was.
Sami told Layla not to go down there.
Sami was washing the knife.
Sami made a fool of Layla.
Sami can't hide from Layla.
Sami answered Layla's text.
Sami no longer loved Layla.
Sami didn't want to go to the funeral.
Sami shot Layla in cold blood.
Sami really loved you.
Sami had a daughter with his mistress.
Sami's daughter was doing well.
Sami enjoys that.
Sami tried to poison Layla's dog.
Sami was reading the story.
Sami read Layla a story.
Sami found this really sad.
Sami can see this.
Sami and Layla were freaked out.
Sami found this fricking creepy.
Sami really doesn't like this.
Sami found this so bizarre.
Sami just kept reading.
Sami asked Layla to come over and help.
Sami was so suspicious of everyone.
Sami asked Layla not to talk that way.
Sami showed Layla a photo of his baby daughter.
Sami kept whispering something really creepy.
Sami doesn't know what this word means.
Sami told Layla not to leave the house.
Sami told Layla to lock the doors.
Sami told Layla not to go near the dog.
Sami told Layla not to go near the baby.
Sami said that the word meant "car" in Arabic.
Sami was lying about his disease.
Sami didn't know what he was talking about.
Sami never gives me straight answers.
Sami needs to stay away from Layla.
Sami asked Layla not to treat him like a child.
Sami is going to take care of Layla.
Sami was quarantined.
Sami should stay away from Layla.
Sami can control the situation.
Sami was speaking in Arabic.
Sami's parents aren't Arabs.
Sami will be there very soon.
Sami shouldn't go near Layla. She's sick.
Sami let Layla's baby cry.
Sami is just crying.
Sami can't breathe.
Sami went inside the room.
Sami had something stuck in his throat.
Sami's disease is very serious.
Sami can't touch Layla.
Sami went inside the house.
Sami is going to be alright.
Sami will explain you when he gets there.
Sami is just a toddler.
Sami bought an English-Arabic dictionary.
Sami is sick.
Sami warned me about Layla.
Sami has lied to me in the past.
Sami saw something strange.
Sami doesn't know where the smell is coming from.
Sami kept his door closed.
Sami didn't go outside.
Sami was scrolling through the message.
Sami kept the doors closed.
Sami is near the kitchen.
Sami will be there in a few minutes.
Sami found a canister leaking gas in the kitchen.
Sami knows when he is being watched.
Sami knows when he's being watched.
Sami and Layla are sick.
Sami just spoke to Layla.
Sami was sure Layla was trying to kill him.
Sami finds this creepy.
Sami needs to be mature.
Sami told Layla to stay calm.
Sami was trying to poison Layla.
Sami knows Layla is sick.
Sami is talking to someone.
Sami just did it on his own.
Sami doesn't believe Layla.
Sami needs to think clearly.
Sami tried to kill Layla and her daughter.
Sami knows what this word means.
Sami is getting out of here.
Sami was lying to Layla over the phone.
Sami needs to tell us the truth right now.
Sami told you only the truth.
Sami ran as far away as he could get.
Sami is going to die tonight.
Sami found this story really weird.
Sami and Layla were both infected.
Sami and Layla are both going to die.
Sami got this disease and died of it.
Sami tells Layla everything.
Sami was trying to protect me.
Sami can't trust her.
Sami killed everyone inside, including himself.
Sami sacrificed himself.
Sami's invention will save millions of lives.
Sami doesn't believe you.
Sami didn't behave like an ordinary child.
Sami took a whole bottle of sleeping pills.
Sami died a painless death.
Sami will be a hero like his parents.
Sami killed Layla's parents.
Sami is stronger than Layla.
Sami won't survive this.
Sami expected Layla to kill herself.
Sami killed himself and his daughter.
Sami wants to talk to Layla now.
Sami still smokes.
Sami still has time to take the pills.
Sami took the pills.
Sami is completely insane.
Sami's mother called us.
Sami is already dead.
I'm not sure I like the damask wallpaper, Tom.
Sami was already dead.
Sami's house is on fire.
Sami couldn't leave the child there.
Sami burned to death.
Sami is still down there.
Sami was still down there.
Sami is probably dead.
Sami doesn't know what it means.
Sami didn't touch the bread.
Sami looks good.
Sami feels alright but not exactly normal.
Sami still hates Layla.
Sami was involved in a triple homicide.
Sami killed Layla then he took his life.
Sami was the most sensible person I have ever known.
Sami and Layla survived the disease.
Sami and Layla survived the crash.
Sami knew that Layla was with you.
Sami will kill everyone.
Sami would kill everyone.
Sami heard you.
Sami said he would kill everyone.
Sami had goosebumps when he heard that story.
Sami got pretty scared.
Sami is filming.
Sami lived in a haunted apartment.
Sami filmed more than a hundred videos in Egypt.
Sami talked about that haunted house.
Sami did this video.
Sami is going to love this.
Sami was housesitting for an elderly lady.
Sami asked me to watch his dog this week.
Sami was completely alone in that big house.
Sami touched some part of my body every time he talked to me and I hated this.
Sami took Layla to a dark room.
Sami poisoned his dog.
Sami had to deal with that.
Sami continued walking around the house.
Sami was about to snap.
Sami is gonna get murdered.
Sami is going to get murdered.
Sami kept his dog in a cage.
Sami knows this isn't real.
Sami knows what time it is.
Sami opened the front door from the inside.
Sami opened the door with a key.
Sami found this really creepy.
Sami was checking the rooms.
Sami went into one of the bedrooms.
Sami found his dog sitting there.
Sami's dog was terrified.
Sami doesn't have a key.
Sami's radio was still playing.
Sami left the radio in-between stations.
Sami's dog seemed fine.
Sami said it was pitch black in there.
Sami is behind the door.
Sami checked the room and nothing was there.
Sami needs to check the room.
Sami's dog was underneath the bed.
Sami's dog was under the bed.
Sami said he was still alive.
Sami didn't move anything in that room.
I'm loving the damask, Mary.
It isn't going to be cheap.
It isn't going to be as hard to do as you think it'll be.
It isn't going to be a problem.
It isn't going to be a problem, is it?
It isn't going to be a problem at all.
It isn't going to be a disaster.
It isn't going to be a big deal.
It isn't going anywhere.
It isn't getting worse.
It isn't funny anymore.
It isn't fun and games.
It isn't from me.
It isn't free.
It isn't for you.
It isn't for the faint of heart.
It isn't for sale.
It isn't for me to tell you that.
It isn't for me to say.
It isn't for everyone.
It isn't for everybody.
It isn't finished.
It isn't far to Boston.
It isn't far from here to there.
It isn't fake.
It isn't fair to you.
It isn't fair to attribute your failure to your parents.
It isn't fair Tom can go and I can't.
It's not fair Tom can go and I can't.
It isn't fair that Tom can go and I can't.
It's not fair that Tom can go and I can't.
It isn't fair at all.
It isn't explainable.
It isn't exactly rocket science.
It isn't exactly like that.
It isn't exactly a strike.
It isn't exactly a secret.
It isn't every day you get a building named after you.
It isn't ever going to happen anymore.
It isn't evening yet.
It isn't even true.
It isn't even on the map.
It isn't even October yet.
It isn't even funny.
It isn't ethical.
It isn't entirely your fault.
It isn't entirely unpleasant.
It isn't enough to know only one language.
It isn't enough to just say you're going to vote. You need to vote.
It isn't either one of those.
It isn't effective.
It isn't easy, but we're going to do it anyway.
It isn't easy, but we're going to do that anyway.
It's not easy, but we're going to do that anyway.
It isn't easy to win.
It isn't easy to understand Tom's ideas.
It's not easy to understand Tom's ideas.
It isn't easy to thread a needle.
It isn't easy to think with Tom snoring.
It isn't easy to speak a foreign language.
It isn't easy to quit smoking.
It isn't easy to please Tom.
It isn't easy to part with one's favorite possessions.
It isn't easy to keep up with the times.
It isn't easy to get there from here.
It isn't easy to get here by public transportation.
It isn't easy to explain.
It isn't easy to do.
It isn't easy to be honest all the time.
It isn't easy sharing your secrets.
It isn't easy raising children.
It isn't easy to raise children.
It's not easy to raise children.
It isn't easy in there.
It isn't easy for Tom to trust anyone.
It isn't easy for me to trust anyone.
It's not easy for me to trust anyone.
It isn't easy for Tom to get off work early.
It isn't easy for me to get off work early.
It's not easy for me to get off work early.
It isn't easy for me.
It isn't easy but doable.
It isn't easy being the youngest in the family.
It isn't easy being married to Tom.
It isn't easy being an adult.
It isn't easy being a parent, is it?
It isn't done yet.
It isn't dinnertime yet.
It isn't difficult to learn French.
It's not difficult to learn French.
It isn't difficult to do.
It isn't difficult for me.
It isn't deep enough.
It isn't cool.
It isn't contagious.
It isn't compulsory.
It isn't cold.
It isn't cold in the house.
It isn't clear.
It isn't clear why Tom left.
It isn't clear why Tom did that.
It's not clear why Tom did that.
It isn't clear why Tom didn't do that.
It's not clear why Tom didn't do that.
It isn't clear why Tom wanted to do that.
It's not clear why Tom wanted to do that.
It isn't clear why Tom didn't want to do that.
It's not clear why Tom didn't want to do that.
It isn't clear who Tom was trying to impress.
It isn't clear when Tom came here.
It's not clear when Tom came here.
It isn't clean.
It isn't Christmas.
It isn't Christmas yet.
It's not Christmas yet.
It isn't Christmas, is it?
It isn't cheating if you don't get caught.
It isn't cheap to eat here.
It isn't bugging me.
It isn't broken.
It isn't brain surgery.
It isn't brain surgery, you know.
It isn't blood. It's tomato sauce.
It isn't blood.
It isn't black and white.
It isn't biodegradable.
It isn't big enough.
It isn't believable.
It isn't bedtime yet.
It isn't barcoded.
It isn't bad.
It isn't bad here.
It isn't backwards.
It isn't authentic, Tom.
It isn't attractive.
It isn't attractive at all.
It isn't at all uncommon. In fact, it's very common.
It isn't at all uncommon.
It isn't at all typical.
It isn't at all surprising.
The train station isn't far from here.
Write down what I'm going to say to you.
It's the first time this has happened to me.
That's how you apply for a job.
You promised that you would help me.
You promised that you'd help me.
You promised you'd help me.
Tom stayed in Australia a long time.
Tom stayed in Australia for a long time.
The restaurant we're going to is downtown.
The restaurant that we're going to is downtown.
Check to make sure everything is correct.
Check to make sure that everything is correct.
Everybody is singing.
Everybody was singing.
You know that I can't do that.
You know I can't do that, don't you?
You know that I can't do that, don't you?
You know I don't want to do that, don't you?
You know you don't have to do that, don't you?
You know that you don't have to do that, don't you?
It's a pity you don't know how to swim.
It's a pity that you don't know how to swim.
It's a pity you don't know how to speak French.
It's a pity that you don't know how to speak French.
It's a pity you don't know how to drive.
It's a pity that you don't know how to drive.
It's a pity you don't know how to do that.
It's a pity that you don't know how to do that.
Do you think we can make it to the airport on time?
Do you think that we can make it to the airport on time?
The museum we're planning to go to isn't far from here.
The museum that we're planning to go to isn't far from here.
Do you remember the day that we met?
I chose this topic because I think it's interesting.
I chose this topic because I think that it's interesting.
I'd like to mention one more thing.
What you're suggesting is simply ridiculous.
Tom claims he graduated from med school.
Tom claims that he graduated from med school.
Tom claims he used to be a professional baseball player.
Tom claims that he used to be a professional baseball player.
Are you suggesting I'm lying?
Are you suggesting that I'm lying?
That's an interesting claim.
It isn't as hot here as I expected.
It isn't as hot here as I expected it to be.
It isn't as cold here as I expected.
It isn't as cold here as I expected it to be.
It's not as big a problem as you think it is.
It isn't as big a problem as you think it is.
It isn't as big a problem as you think.
It isn't not anybody's fault.
It isn't anyone's fault.
It isn't at all rare to live to be over ninety years old.
It isn't at all impossible.
It isn't at all easy.
It isn't at all difficult to do that.
It isn't as though the world is going to end if Tom leaves.
It's not as though the world is going to end if Tom leaves.
It isn't as simple as you think.
It isn't as simple as you think to do that.
It isn't as simple as it seems.
It isn't as humid today as it was yesterday.
It isn't as hot today as it was yesterday.
It isn't as hot in June as it is in July.
It isn't as hard as you think.
It isn't as easy to obey as it is to command.
It isn't as easy to do that as people think.
It isn't as easy to break out of jail as it looks in the movies.
It isn't as easy as you think.
It isn't as easy as you think to do that.
It isn't as easy as Tom thinks.
It isn't as easy as people think.
It isn't as easy as many people think.
It's not as easy as many people think.
It isn't as easy as it looks.
It isn't as difficult to find a native speaker to help you with your language studies as it used to be.
It isn't as depressing anymore.
It isn't as crowded here as I expected it to be.
It isn't as crazy as it sounds.
It isn't as cold today as it was yesterday.
It isn't as bad as you think.
It isn't as bad as it looks.
It isn't anything serious.
It isn't anybody's fault.
It isn't an urgent matter.
It isn't an unintended consequence.
It isn't an unfair proposal.
It isn't an uncommon injury.
It isn't an issue.
It isn't an impossible request.
It isn't an exact science.
It isn't an evil idea, but it is a bad one.
It isn't an error.
It isn't an emergency.
It isn't an either-or situation.
It isn't an easy task.
It isn't an easy sport.
It isn't an easy solution.
It isn't an easy question.
It isn't an easy job.
It isn't an easy call.
It isn't always so easy to tell the difference.
It isn't always so easy to tell right from wrong.
It isn't always so easy to do the right thing.
It isn't always possible.
It isn't always possible to eat well when you're traveling in this part of the world.
It isn't always my fault.
It isn't always like this.
It isn't always like that.
It isn't always easy to win.
It isn't always easy to tell the difference between good and bad.
It isn't always easy to stay healthy.
It isn't always black and white.
It isn't always about you.
It isn't always about the money, is it, Tom?
It isn't allowed.
It isn't all your fault.
It isn't all my fault, is it?
It's not all my fault, is it?
It isn't all that uncommon.
It isn't all that uncommon for people to live past the age of ninety.
It isn't all that ridiculous.
It isn't all that hard to do that.
It isn't all that great.
It isn't all that difficult to do that.
It isn't all that complicated.
It isn't all that bad.
It isn't all bad.
It isn't against the law.
It isn't actually raining yet.
It isn't accurate.
It isn't about us.
It isn't about them.
It isn't about the money.
It isn't about the money, is it?
It isn't about money.
It isn't about cost reduction.
It isn't a weapon.
It isn't a volunteer position.
It isn't a virus.
It isn't a vice.
It isn't a very good orchestra.
It isn't a trick.
It isn't a trick question.
It isn't a toy.
It isn't a Thanksgiving dinner without turkey.
It isn't a suitable topic for discussion.
It isn't a snake. It's only a piece of rope.
It isn't a skirt. It's a kilt.
It isn't a simple answer.
It isn't a secret that Tom's opinion is different than yours.
It isn't a secret anymore.
It isn't a road, but a path.
It isn't a rhetorical question.
It isn't a real choice.
It isn't a question of what I want. It's a question of what's best for everyone.
It isn't a pyramid scheme.
It isn't a problem.
It isn't a problem, Tom.
It isn't a problem, is it?
It isn't a problem to postpone the meeting.
It isn't a problem at all.
It isn't a problem anymore.
It isn't a pretty picture.
It isn't a pipe dream.
It isn't a permanent solution.
It isn't a perfect system.
It isn't a new problem.
It isn't a new idea.
It isn't a money issue.
It isn't a mistake.
It isn't a matter of price.
It isn't a luxury.
Sami's video went viral.
Sami's sex tape went viral.
It's not very likely Tom will want to do that.
It's not very likely that Tom will want to do that.
It's not something I want to do.
It's not something that I want to do.
It isn't something that I want to do.
It's not my fault it happened.
It's not my fault that it happened.
It isn't my fault it happened.
It's not Tom's fault that happened.
It's not Tom's fault that that happened.
It isn't Tom's fault that that happened.
It isn't Tom's fault that happened.
It's a lot more fun doing that with someone else.
It's a lot more fun doing that with somebody else.
It's a lot more fun singing with someone else.
It's a lot more fun singing with somebody else.
It's a lot more fun hiking with someone else.
It's a lot more fun hiking with somebody else.
It's not me Tom has a problem with.
It's not me that Tom has a problem with.
It isn't me that Tom has a problem with.
The door's not locked.
It's not likely Tom will shed any tears if Mary gets fired.
It's not likely that Tom will shed any tears if Mary gets fired.
It isn't likely Tom will shed any tears if Mary gets fired.
It's not likely Tom will come.
It's not likely that Tom will come.
It isn't likely Tom will come.
It isn't likely that Tom will come.
It's not going to be very hard to do that.
It's not going to be very difficult to do that.
The park's not far from the hotel.
The park isn't far from the hotel.
It isn't a loan.
It isn't a joke.
It isn't a holiday.
It isn't a high priority.
It isn't a happy occasion.
It isn't a good time.
It isn't a good situation.
It isn't a good idea.
It isn't a good idea to pick up hitchhikers.
It isn't a good idea to let Tom do that.
It isn't a good idea to go out after dark by yourself.
It isn't a good idea to do that.
It isn't a good idea to date your neighbor.
It isn't a good idea to ask a woman how old she is.
It isn't a good car, but it's still a car.
It isn't a good car, but it's a car.
It isn't a gimmick.
It isn't a gift.
It isn't a game.
It isn't a fake.
It isn't a failure.
It isn't a dream at all.
It isn't a dog.
It isn't a disease.
It isn't a difficult question.
It isn't a difficult problem.
It isn't a difficult concept.
It isn't a debatable issue.
It isn't a date.
It isn't a crow. It's a raven.
It isn't a crime.
It isn't a convenient time to speak about that, is it?
It isn't a conspiracy.
It isn't a computer problem.
It isn't a competition.
It isn't a coincidence.
It isn't a classroom.
It isn't a class.
It isn't a cat. It's a dog.
It isn't a bug, it's an undocumented feature.
It isn't a bribe.
It isn't a bomb.
It isn't a big thing.
It isn't a big deal. Don't worry about it.
It isn't a big deal.
It isn't a big dark secret.
It isn't a beauty contest.
It isn't a bad thing.
It isn't a bad plan.
It isn't a bad idea.
It isn't a bad idea to let Tom do that.
It isn't a bad deal.
It's not your decision.
It isn't your decision to make.
It's not your decision to make.
It's not worthwhile going there.
It isn't worth it to repair this car.
It's not worth it to repair this car.
It isn't worth it to repair this camera.
It's not worth it to repair this camera.
It's not what you say, but just the opposite.
It's not what I thought.
It isn't what Tom says that annoys me but the way he says it.
It's not what Tom says that annoys me but the way he says it.
It's not very interesting.
It's not unusual at all.
It's not too late for you.
It isn't too late for us to do that.
It's not too late for us to do that.
It's not snowing anymore.
It's not safe to walk alone at night.
It's not safe to drive without a seatbelt.
It's not safe for us to remain in this area.
It's not really particularly healthy.
It's not rational.
It's not raining now.
It's not raining anymore.
It's not quite that simple.
It's not possible to leave this island.
It's not possible to clear the snow from every road.
It's not over until it's over.
It's not obvious.
It's not necessary, is it?
It's not necessary to answer that letter.
It's not necessary for you to be multilingual.
It's not nearly enough.
It's not much of a car.
It's not much further.
It's not much fun to do that.
It's not much fun just sitting here waiting for Tom.
It's not much fun going mountain climbing by yourself.
It's not locked.
It's not like you to not listen to other people's opinions.
It's not legal.
It's not just for show.
It's not just about money.
It's not interesting.
It's not hot today.
It's not here anymore.
It's not heavy.
It isn't too heavy.
It's not too heavy.
It's not good to eat between meals.
It isn't going to snow this evening.
It's not going to snow this evening.
It's not going to hurt.
It's not going to be very easy to do that.
It's not fair to keep Tom in the dark.
It's not empty.
It isn't easy to write a love letter.
It's not easy to write a love letter.
It's not easy to teach little kids.
It's not easy to be an umpire.
It's not easy to be a referee.
It's not crazy.
It's not clear which of them wanted that.
It isn't clear what I'm supposed to do.
It's not clear what I'm supposed to do.
It's not cheap enough for me to buy.
It isn't certain whether Tom will come or not.
It's not certain whether Tom will come or not.
It's not big.
It's not at all clear.
It's not as if we were rich.
It's not as cold here as in Alaska.
It's not anywhere near as hot today as it was yesterday.
It's not anything like as cold as it was yesterday.
It's not always summer.
It's not always hot in Boston.
It's not always easy to know a good book from a bad one.
It's not all that cold.
It's not a threat.
It's not a surprise that English is the world's most spoken language.
It's not a hospital.
It's not a bit cold.
That's not the best solution.
Sami's heart was racing.
Sami said there was something bad in that house.
Sami is never going back there.
Sami was super spooked.
Sami heard the radio.
Sami never had a dog.
Sami got bitten by a dog.
Sami told Layla his story.
Sami was bitten by a dog.
Sami's dog attacked Layla.
Sami's dog mauled Layla's cat.
It's not Tom who needs a job. It's me.
It isn't Tom who needs a job. It's me.
It's not Tom who needs a job. It's Mary.
It isn't Tom who needs a job. It's Mary.
It's not Tom who needs to do that. It's me.
It isn't Tom who needs to do that. It's me.
It's not Tom who needs to do that. It's Mary.
It isn't Tom who needs to do that. It's Mary.
It's not Tom who wants to do that. It's me.
It isn't Tom who wants to do that. It's me.
It's not Tom who wants to do that. It's Mary.
It isn't Tom who wants to do that. It's Mary.
It's not Tom who has to do that. It's me.
It isn't Tom who has to do that. It's me.
It's not Tom who has to do that. It's Mary.
It isn't Tom who has to do that. It's Mary.
Sami believed that dog didn't have an owner.
Sami had a pitbull.
Sami walks to school every morning.
Sami's dog had no tail.
Sami's dog had a short tail.
Sami's dog had a small tail.
Sami's dog was completely black.
Sami's dog was black.
Sami's dog barked.
Sami's dog was staring at me.
