The world darkens before me.
The word homeland is so misused that one has trouble saying anything normal or serious about it.
Jeanne looks at my flowers.
I know he's going to leave.
All over the Internet!
Tonight, I'd like to eat a pizza.
He studied interior design.
The words are polysemic.
I forget words.
This word is really unpronounceable.
A cat sleeps soundly.
The cat exited the basket.
She flatters like a cat.
The dog looks at the cat.
The cat is much better!
The cat ran off.
Do you think in Klingon or Spanish?
I volunteer you.
That's not the last of it.
Those are some big shoes to fill.
There's not much to it.
Once again, you win.
I was very hurt.
They were verbally abusive to Mary.
Tom has his umbrella with him.
Tom had a headache last night.
Tom gave the teacher an apple.
Tom drank too much last night.
Tom doesn't like beer or wine.
Tom wouldn't find that funny.
Tom should probably be fired.
Tom said he'll come tomorrow.
Tom often talks in his sleep.
Tom lifted the lid carefully.
Mary had a headache last night.
Mary told Tom that she had a headache.
Tom told Mary that he had a headache.
Tom told Mary he had a headache even though he didn't really have one.
They enjoyed a romantic dinner.
Tom and Mary enjoyed a romantic dinner.
Tom slept soundly next to Mary.
Tom was sleeping soundly next to Mary.
Mary was sleeping soundly next to Tom.
There's always room for one more.
Tom and Mary enjoyed a romantic evening by the fireplace.
Tom is a moocher.
They seem perfectly happy.
They seemed perfectly happy.
"You don't know that." "Yes, I do."
I won't do anything you don't want me to do.
Tom is a man of culture.
It's the perfect place for a romantic dinner.
It's the perfect place for a romantic evening.
Tom woke Mary up with a kiss.
He woke her up with a kiss.
Mary woke up Tom with a kiss.
Tom is her ex.
Tom is her ex-boyfriend.
Tom is her ex-husband.
It was a rainy evening.
Tom stroked Mary's hair.
Tom gave Mary a knowing look.
Mary gave Tom a knowing look.
He gave her a knowing look.
She gave him a knowing look.
It's so great to finally meet you.
Maybe we could meet up after work.
Maybe we could meet up later?
Maybe we could meet up after work?
Maybe we could meet up after work, or something?
Do you want to meet up after work?
Maybe we could meet up sometimes.
How about we meet up after my shift?
Maybe we could get together after work.
I was supposed to meet Tom after work.
I was supposed to meet Tom after school.
Maybe we could do something Friday.
Maybe we could meet up tomorrow night.
Maybe we could meet up after school.
Give me a good night kiss.
Mary leaned on Tom's arm.
Tom leaned on Mary's arm.
Maybe we could study together sometime.
Maybe we could study together in the library.
Do you want to study together?
Maybe we could do our homework together.
Now that's a name I haven’t heard in a long time.
Maybe we could hang at your place.
Let's hang out at my place.
Tom was looking forward to sleeping in his own bed.
Mary was looking forward to sleeping in her own bed.
Tom slept at a capsule hotel.
Tom slept at a capsule hotel in Japan.
Tom called his agent.
Mary called her agent.
James Bond is also known as 007.
How about we meet up after school?
How about we meet up after work?
Tom fell asleep while browsing the internet on his phone.
Tom checked his email.
Tom checked his email on his laptop.
Tom checked his email on his phone.
Mary checked her email on her phone.
Tom spends too much time online.
Stop wasting time on the Internet.
What will you do back in Boston?
I just wanted to hear you sing one more time.
Tom was pleased to see Mary.
He was pleased to see her.
She was pleased to see him.
Mary was pleased to see Tom.
Mary was pleased to see her friend Kate.
Does this mean we're friends?
Does this mean we're friends now?
Mary has no self-confidence.
Tom had no self-confidence.
I'm not mad or anything.
Tom and Mary enjoyed a romantic meal.
We don't have any classes together.
Tom and Mary don't have any classes together.
Tom refused to eat lunch.
Mary was bored out of her mind.
We could do our homework together.
Tom bought a computer on Craigslist.
Tom bought an old computer on Craigslist.
Tom's computer broke down.
Tom gave us a lot to eat.
I would never have guessed.
I would've never guessed.
Maybe we could hang out and watch a movie.
Maybe we could hang out and watch a movie or something.
I like that a lot.
Tom saved the best for last.
It was getting darker.
Oh my gosh.
Tom listened to the sound of the sea.
Tom and Mary listened to the sounds of the sea.
Mary made a faux pas.
It's not what you think it is.
Oh my gosh!
I've cut down on the amount I drink.
Maybe you should go ask him.
Maybe you should go ask her.
Tom is gainfully employed.
Move aside.
I could put in a good word for you.
Maybe you could put in a good word for me.
How was your first day?
How was your first day at work?
Great.
There's something I'd like to talk to you about.
That's very good!
Remember?
Don't bite.
Don't chew.
Forget about this.
The cars go through the tunnel.
It's going to be three o' clock.
Then who is he?
I ate the prasad.
I ate the prasada.
I ate the prasadam.
What a taste!
Hold this for a moment.
What's over here?
How much are the onions?
Malvan is in Sindhudurg.
Call the cable operator.
Call the cable guy.
Bring two samosas.
You have changed so much.
You've changed so much.
We even have shankarpali.
We'll eat something sweet.
Eat something sweet.
Happy Dussehra!
Happy Dasara!
Turn the flashlight on.
Turn the torch on.
He was shot.
He was struck by a bullet.
He was struck by the bullet.
She was shot.
She was struck by a bullet.
She was struck by the bullet.
I climbed the slide.
He is a sinner.
She is a sinner.
I write stories.
How much did the onions cost?
I caught a carp.
Mary gave me prasad.
Mary gave me prasada.
Mary gave me prasadam.
Nehi is a woman.
Tom gave me prasad.
Tom gave me prasada.
Tom gave me prasadam.
It's God's prasad.
It's God's prasada.
It's God's prasadam.
This is Mr. Dupont's car.
My notebook disappeared.
I've lost my notebook.
I have lost my notebook.
He takes a cup of coffee before going to work.
Fill the bucket up.
He assured me.
She assured me.
I ate a fresh lemon for vitamin C.
There's a duck on her shirt.
There's a duck on his shirt.
Donald Duck is a duck.
Bugs Bunny is a bunny.
Bugs Bunny is a rabbit.
The negotiation was blocked on the question of salaries.
Mickey Mouse is a mouse.
He lives in a bungalow.
I ordered Malaysian noodles.
Give me that samosa.
Pass me that samosa.
Eat an almond every day.
I like eating jaggery.
The water has turned red.
Thinking costs nothing.
My birthday is tomorrow.
Rama slew Ravana.
That is your problem.
I ate tandoori yesterday.
I ate biryani yesterday.
You look so terrifying.
How much did this chair cost you?
How much did this computer cost you?
If you don't know, ask.
Are you Marathi?
Are you Maharashtrian?
Jane was upset.
We'll go on Sunday.
Did you buy the lantern?
Did you buy a lantern?
These mangoes are sweet.
On which shelf?
This mango is sweet.
Don't bother the others.
And your sister?
Where were you all this time?
Night was falling.
We're looking for the treasure.
Tell me, which one do you want?
Place your bets!
Did you see him go outside?
His bicycle is red.
His motorcycle is red.
His bike is red.
He went abroad to study.
You are formidable!
His eyes had turned red.
Her eyes had turned red.
It's calamitous.
His eyes had reddened.
Her eyes had reddened.
Pass the sauce!
Tom appeared in my dream.
Give Tom one chance at least.
Stop the discussion.
What happens if you press this button?
I can hear your voice.
Have you bought the lantern?
Have you bought a lantern?
Have you purchased a lantern?
Have you purchased the lantern?
You know the place.
Tom's nose was bleeding.
He brought me dates from Oman.
Breathe deeply!
Tell me which one you want.
Take the pulse!
"Give me some water." "Okay."
Stop the talk!
She lives with him in a small house.
He is not my cousin.
This is a very delicate question.
What a bizarre idea!
He is a cyborg.
She is a cyborg.
Mary is a cyborg.
Add the mayonnaise.
I don't like chocolates.
I cannot live without mayonnaise.
Do you have any sandwich spread?
I'm really craving a pickle.
What month is it?
I'll go pick him up.
I will go pick him up.
Sir, I'm looking for a job.
Breakfast cereals are full of herbicides.
Farmers sow seeds in the rainy season.
How many sisters does he have?
How many sisters does she have?
I need to rediscover my inner nerd.
"Huh, are you refusing to do such a small thing for me? What if I asked for anything important?" "Perhaps you'd be refused."
Do they love cats?
Don't bother doing that right now.
The last native speaker of the Osage language died in 2005.
Tom was pleased to see his friend Mary.
Tom was happy to see his friend Mary.
Tom was surprised to see his friend Mary.
Tom was surprised to see his friend Mary at John's party.
Tom sits at a computer all day.
Mary is always in good humor.
The authorities met with unyielding opposition from the locals.
I'm fully aware of Tom's activities.
Tom is planning on doing that by himself.
Layla looked so gorgeous.
Sami is fucking pissed.
Layla's future inlaws were confused.
Sami is gonna hate Layla so much for this.
Sami met Layla in high school.
Sami learned a lot from her.
Sami drinks what tastes good to him.
Sami's wine is very sugary.
Sami is drinking a pink drink.
Sami wants to explain why.
Sami was very romantic.
Sami wanted to propose to Layla.
Sami talked to me about Layla.
Sami talks about Layla all the time.
Sami and Layla have literally been together since middle school.
Sami and Layla are older than me.
Sami and Layla graduated together.
Sami and Layla had a baby.
Sami started talking to me about marriage.
Sami had no problem with commitment.
Sami was a baby.
Sami was mature.
Sami was talking about babies.
Layla didn't want to be a mom.
Sami went downtown to have dinner.
Sami has been with Layla for almost six years.
Sami was answering those questions.
Sami did the same.
Sami is Layla's older stepbrother.
Sami had green eyes.
Woe to the insane wizards and witches who dedicate themselves to the Devil, and standing in a circle, call upon him with spells to summon him.
Sami volunteered to drive us home.
Sami is Layla's stepbrother.
Sami went to a sushi restaurant.
Sami never drank before the age of 21.
Sami never drank before the age of twenty-one.
Sami doesn't drive.
Sami never drank underage.
Sami drank some type of vodka.
Layla stuffed the drug in her bra.
Layla and Salima stuffed the cigarettes in their bras.
Sami's club is about six blocks away.
Sami started thinking about it.
Sami already has a ride.
Sami said he had a ride.
Sami has a ride.
Sami paid for his dinner.
Sami didn't think about it twice.
Sami pointed at the horse.
Sami was driving a horse and carriage.
Sami dropped Layla at her destination.
Sami and Layla are so cute.
Sami's present hit Layla on a soft spot.
Sami is doing it big.
Sami googled Layla's address.
Sami's town is so beautiful at night.
Sami took Layla to a restaurant.
Sami's car stopped.
Sami got off here.
Sami was about to stand up.
Sami isn't getting off here.
Sami was still sitting there.
Sami started reaching into his pocket.
Sami felt panicky.
Sami and Layla started panicking.
Sami doesn't want to break Layla's heart.
Sami grabbed Layla's arm and looked at her.
Sami got on his knee and proposed to Layla.
Sami showed Layla the ring.
Sami started down at me.
Sami shouldn't do this to Layla.
Sami held Layla by her wrist.
Sami was driving the carriage.
Sami looked really confused.
Sami didn't sit down next to me.
Sami was fucking pissed at me.
Sami was happy for us.
Sami was kidding when he said yes.
Sami can't do this to Layla.
Sami is really pissed.
Sami is hurt and pissed.
Sami was so fucking pissed at me that he didn't even shake my hand.
Layla didn't want Sami to propose that day.
Sami went and stood next to Layla.
Sami didn't talk to me.
Sami deserves a second chance.
Sami hasn't even gone to college yet.
Layla had no idea that Sami loved her like that.
Sami can't live without Layla.
Sami didn't feel ready to take that step.
Sami started to get defensive.
Sami has to respect the way that Layla feels.
Sami shouldn't waste his time.
Sami isn't ready.
Sami hasn't even started his life yet.
Sami needs to go to Layla's parents to ask for their blessing.
Layla's mother despised Sami.
Sami didn't ask Layla.
Sami and Layla were kids.
Sami was feeling like shit.
Sami needed to drink.
Sami put his arm around me.
Sami isn't ready either.
Sami is not ready either.
Sami got into the club.
Sami went dancing.
Sami was buying Layla shots.
Sami and Layla ended up leaving the club early.
Sami was kind of hangover.
Sami and Layla decided to talk about it.
Sami bought a ring for Layla.
Sami gave that ring to Layla.
Layla doesn't want this ring.
Sami and Layla were married for sixty years.
Layla kept the ring.
Sami proposed to Layla with a diamond ring.
Sami didn't buy a ring.
Sami and Layla ended up breaking up in June.
Sami won't allow it to happen.
Sami uploads new videos all the time.
Layla made makeup tutorials.
Sami follows Layla on all her social media.
Where is he from?
Using Linux in your target language is a great way to learn new vocabulary and gain practical experience.
Additional charges may incur.
What's the point of patching such a big tear?
Take life as it comes.
Just let things happen as they will.
"And what do you drink?" "Ale if I have it, or water if I don't have ale." "Don't you drink wine?"
You're more fortunate than you realize.
He taxed beard wearers.
Vodka is really strong.
Have you connected the HDMI cable?
Tom and Mary seem perfectly happy.
Tom and Mary seemed perfectly happy.
She seemed perfectly happy.
Tom seemed perfectly happy.
Tom seems perfectly happy.
On the outside, they seemed perfectly happy.
On the outside, Tom and Mary seemed perfectly happy.
I want to know what this is.
This town has two beaches.
They speak English and Spanish.
Are you going to the movies tonight?
I didn't know that Tom was still living in Boston.
I think Tom doesn't know how to cook spaghetti.
I don't know when I was supposed to do that.
Tom said he agreed with you.
Tom says he's in good shape.
Tom's family isn't very big.
Tom's father was a war hero.
Tom's popularity is growing.
Tom, did you buy some bread?
Tom can do whatever he wants.
Tom carefully lifted the lid.
Tom has been sick all winter.
Tom is watching TV right now.
Tom killed himself last year.
Does your brother like basketball?
Rowing is a great full body exercise.
Mary held the dress against her body.
Mary felt sorry for Tom.
Mary said she'd talked to Tom about that already.
Tom made quite an impression.
I understand you made quite an impression.
Mary made quite an impression.
Tom seems to have made quite an impression on you.
She seems to have made quite an impression on you.
Mary seems to have made quite an impression on you.
This book made quite an impression on me.
Tom and Mary declared their undying love for one another.
Tom and Mary declared their undying love for each other.
I was so happy to see him.
I was so happy to see her.
I was so happy to see Tom.
I was so happy to see Tom again.
I was so happy to see Mary again.
Tom is the tallest guy I've ever seen.
I'm rather impressed.
He was rather impressed.
She was rather impressed.
Tom was rather impressed.
Mary was rather impressed.
Tom chopped the carrots.
Mary chopped the carrots.
Tom chopped the onions.
Tom chopped the celery.
Tom made some vegetable soup.
Tom's soup tasted surprisingly good.
The bread is still warm.
Mary is a professional makeup artist.
What Tom likes most is whiskey on the rocks.
Pálinka is a fruit brandy from Central Europe.
Europe and Asia are the same continent.
It's going to happen, but not anytime soon.
It's going to happen, just not anytime soon.
"According to his own statement, Tom Juncker has sciatica." "Really? And I thought, he was an alcoholic."
Layla should wear the hijab.
Sami doesn't agree with them.
Sami couldn't tell Layla.
Layla wore hijab all her life.
Sami couldn't stand it.
Sami is Layla's sixth husband.
Sami really understood that.
Sami didn't want to know what was going on.
Sami had a career.
Sami wanted Layla to be a doctor.
Sami went to visit his dad.
Sami did it with the best of intentions.
Sami knew that Layla did that with the best of intentions.
Sami will explain that in a second.
Sami seemed older.
Layla was wearing a hijab.
Sami was treated differently.
Layla's cousins wore the hijab.
Sami was very conscious of that.
Sami hated this work environment.
Layla started to wear the hijab again.
Layla started to wear the hijab in 2006.
Sami accepted Layla's hijab.
Layla's boyfriend became her husband.
Sami was against the hijab.
Layla didn't want her hijab to be a handicap for her.
Layla wore the hijab all the time.
Layla didn't understand the reason behind the hijab.
Layla is keeping her hijab on.
Layla put the hijab on.
Layla decided to keep the hijab on.
Sami and Layla are very conscious of this.
Sami was struggling with this all the time.
Layla wears the hijab so nicely.
Sami accepted his daughter's hijab.
Sami didn't want his daughter to wear the hijab.
Sami never forced Layla to wear the hijab.
Sami had more to say.
Sami is against the hijab.
Sami is taking her hijab off.
Sami's decision put a strain in our relationship.
Layla decided to remove the hijab.
Sami found himself spiralling out of control.
Sami and Layla got divorced.
Sami was completely emotionless.
Sami was crying in front of me.
Sami carried on living his life in a self-destructing way.
Sami and Layla had an accident.
Sami came home unharmed.
Layla decided to put the hijab back on.
Sami started working for a law firm.
Sami found that very difficult back then.
Sami became a manager.
Sami started showing Layla the ropes.
Sami asked Layla to take her hijab off.
Layla wasn't wearing the hijab.
Sami did that for a lot of different reasons.
Layla's husband passed away.
Layla used to cover her head.
Sami and Layla came to visit.
Sami won't be punished for that.
Layla won't be punished for not wearing the hijab.
Layla takes her hijab off at home.
Layla will get punished for not wearing the hijab.
Layla didn't want to get punished on the Day of Judgment for not wearing the hijab.
Layla will face her Lord and get questioned for not wearing the hijab.
Layla will never take her hijab off again.
Layla will never remove her hijab.
Layla will never remove her hijab again.
Layla decided not to remove her hijab.
Layla decided not to take her hijab off.
Sami lived in a Muslim country.
Sami doesn't feel the same.
Sami is OK to take the chance.
Sami asked himself that question.
Layla isn't wearing the hijab properly.
Sami had a freak accident.
Sami made a step in the right direction.
Layla decided to remove her hijab.
Sami has his own reasons for that.
Layla was thinking about taking her hijab off.
Sami gave us logical answers.
Sami left me speechless.
Layla wears the hijab because she is Muslim.
Sami was just trying to show Layla how hypocritical some religious people are.
Sami and Layla are crazy.
Layla is taking off her hijab.
Sami killed innocent people.
Sami knows this is not logical.
Sami shouldn't follow blindly like a sheep.
Sami killed himself.
Sami was listening to this.
Sami is a believer.
Sami received messages from some friends.
Sami has got a tattoo.
Sami knows it.
Sami and Layla agree with you.
Sami has done it.
Sami wished he could wipe out those years of his life.
Tom told me to talk to you.
Tom was hit by a golf ball.
Tom and Mary work near here.
Tom doesn't pay us anything.
Tom enjoyed talking to Mary.
Tom is responsible for this.
Tom is used to working hard.
Tom knows Mary's weaknesses.
Tom may have told the truth.
Tom promised us his support.
Sami and Layla were islamically married.
Sami and Layla were islamically married already.
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be your name.
Tom knew that he was irreplaceable.
I hate advanced algebra.
I hate middle school.
I like crispies.
The movie that we watched today was very cheesy.
Tom pushed open the gate.
Tom didn't talk about you.
Tom doesn't want to drive.
Tom's room is always neat.
Tom's room isn't very big.
Tom is most likely at home.
Tom knew he'd gone too far.
Tom really wanted us there.
Tom said he liked it a lot.
Tom thought no one saw him.
Tell them to give it to him.
The question emerges why you were there.
She was sinking into her dotage.
Mum, I'm hungry.
Cats eat mice and lizards.
I am a man. My name is Adam.
I am a woman. My name is Eva.
I am a snake. My name is Lucy.
I'm a boy. My name's Chucky.
I am a doll. My name's Anabelle.
The lion bites the elephant.
The mouse cooks fish.
The boy eats snakes.
The panther is pink.
I have a little cat called Nina.
I have a kitty called Nina.
Do you see the day?
The elephant crushes the lion.
My dog speaks English.
The disgraced comedian attempted to revive his career.
Her racist comment destroyed her career.
Doctors, lawyers, and farmers are destroying the earth.
After almost falling, Mary recovered her balance.
Are you a man or a spider?
His good works went unnoticed.
Tom found it difficult to concentrate.
You hit him in the head.
You hit her in the head.
He needs to change his lifestyle.
Steady as she goes.
And who's this young whippersnapper!
You need to change your lifestyle.
You're in the wrong century.
He doesn't look ill.
Some reptiles have a plain body, others a scaly body.
Sami is a Pan-Islamist.
Sami has Pan-Islamist tendencies.
Sami is a secular Muslim.
If you wish to acquire renown, leave your bed early.
Sami is a reformist Muslim.
Sami isn't religious at all. He doesn't even know how to pray.
Sami recited Surah Yaseen at his grandfather's grave.
Sami never starts eating without reciting the Basmala.
Sami always recites Ayat Al-Kursi before leaving the house.
The Greeks came to test Troy.
Sami silently recited the Verse of the Throne to wake up from sleep paralysis.
Sami visited Istanbul during the Eid holiday.
Sami attended the funeral prayer of Fadil.
Sami recited Al-Fatiha for the soul of Fadil.
Rest nurtures the body and the mind.
Sami is an anchor baby.
The city of Santos has a large port.
"Have you seen my book?" "What book are you looking for?" "Cicero's letters."
"That is enough for me." "But when will you give it me back?"
"How do I demand this?" "Simply say that I have his letters."
"Will you lend me your Terence?" "I will, if you will get it from Conrad, whom I gave it to use."
"Take care that you don't move an inch from this spot." "I won't, assuming that you come back in time, otherwise I will not be waiting when you return."
"But when will you return?" "When I have written out my notes for three or four lessons." "Hurry, then so you don't get in the way of my studies." "I will hurry."
"Why don't you go to the Master? He likes, as you know, to carry things we leave up to his study, or to give them to someone who can return them to us." "You make a good point, how forgetful I am, not to have thought of that!"
I saw the future.
"That was your fault." "I admit it, but in the meantime tell me if you know who has taken it."
We have avenged Hector.
"Where did you leave it?" "I left it at school."
"If anyone asks for you, what should I say to them?" "Say that I have gone away, but will be back soon."
He has never kept a promise.
"Will you lend me a pen?" "I don't have any."
"I do think so; come, I'm not asking for you to give it to me, will you lend it me? I will give it you tomorrow." "I am not refusing, but don't abuse it." "I won't."
"But hey, take care not to blot it, or I won't be likely to lend it you again." "Indeed, I would not deserve any favours."
It is a Trireme.
Caesar did not have a bike.
João accused his best friend of being a thief.
Hand me the breastplate.
Hand me the doublet.
Maria did her job.
"Can you lend me a little money?" "How much are you asking for?"
Kabylia has its own flag.
The Kabyle people love all peoples of the world.
"How much do you want?" "Five pence, if it is convenient." "I don't have that many." "How many then?" "Just four."
Kabylie gave birth to men and women of great valour such as Taos Amrouche, Mouloud Feraoun, Matoub Lounès and Ferhat Mehenni.
Kabye people fought terrorism and Islamic fundamentalism fiercely in the 1990s.
Did you read Tahar Djaout's book "The Last Summer of Reason"?
Do you know that Zinedine Zidane is Kabyle?
Mahfoud Boucebci was a great Kabyle psychiatrist murdered by Islamist terrorism in 1993.
M'hamed Issiakhem is a Kabyle painter, the founder of modern painting in Algeria.
What exactly were you doing in there?
Tom has many admirable qualities.
Tom repaired the broken clock.
Tom repaired a broken clock.
What exactly were you doing?
And what exactly were you doing?
The Hubble Telescope has given us spectacular pictures from space, from the dramatic image of the Pillars of Creation in the Eagle Nebula, some 6,to 7,light years from Earth, to a snapshot of nearly 10,galaxies, including some that may be among the most distant known, existing when the universe was just million years old.
Physicist Justin Crepp says the prospects for finding life out there are very good: “If tens of a percent of stars have planets that could resemble the earth and potentially have life, then the implications are that there are billions of them just within our Milky Way Galaxy.”
“If you try to image a planet, you run into several difficulties,” he explains. “One is that their separation is very small on the sky. So, you need to spatially resolve and isolate the signal of the planet. So, you need a certain size telescope to do that. The problem is earth’s atmosphere blurs out the images, and so it exacerbates the issue.”
The starlight is so bright, scientists need to find a way to block it to see the planets around it.
The new technology in these super telescopes will produce images times sharper than those from the Hubble, even though they are ground-based.
People have wondered for millennia if our planet was unique in the universe.
People have wondered for millennia whether we are truly alone.
This is a question that impacts not only science but theology, philosophy and other areas.
Are there other planets out there that have life?
Can we communicate with them?
Are they our distant brethren?
The report from the National Academy of Sciences Committee on Exoplanet Science Strategy will be reviewed by Congress. Portions of it may be included in the final 2020-Astronomy and Astrophysics Decadal Survey, which will fund the continuing search for exoplanets and the study of extraterrestrial life.
Tom decided to attend Mary's party.
Tom ordered steak.
Mary made waffles.
Mary burned the pancakes.
I don't have proof.
There was no misconduct found.
That's not the end of it.
Earth has lost percent of its wildlife since 1970.
A herd of elephants form a protective circle against a perceived threat, just after one was shot with a tranquilizer dart during an operation to attach GPS tracking collars in Mikumi National Park, Tanzania, March 21, 2018.
A new report says the world lost a staggering percent of its wildlife populations over a period of four decades.
In its Living Planet Report, the World Wildlife Fund cites deforestation, climate change and a rise in pollution for the decline among 16,wildlife populations between and 2014.
The report says that half of the world's shallow-water corals have been wiped out over the last years.
Ivory poaching has reduced the elephant population in Tanzania by more than percent between and 2014.
More than 100,orangutans in Borneo died between and due to deforestation.
Tom taught Mary to swim.
Tom came here last night.
Tom can't afford a yacht.
Tom cleaned the bathroom.
Tom gets drunk every day.
Tom has the same opinion.
Tom is a fascinating guy.
Tom is now a businessman.
Tom looks pretty nervous.
Tom often gets headaches.
The WWF predicts the number of polar bears will be reduced by percent by as climate change melts the Arctic ice.
"It's mind-blowing," said Tom.
"It's mind-blowing," says WWF Director-General Marco Lambertini, describing the crisis as "unprecedented in its speed, in its scale, and because it is single-handed."
The group is calling for an international treaty to protect wildlife, but says it must be enacted within two years to actually make a difference, due to the fast pace of destruction.
Don't you think you should try socializing with your colleagues a bit more?
You should try socializing with your colleagues a little more.
You should try socializing with your colleagues a little bit more.
In the beginning, there was darkness.
This book made quite an impression on me as a young man.
You've made quite an impression on Tom.
You seem to have made quite an impression upon him.
You've made quite an impression on her.
What exactly were you doing back there?
What exactly were you doing up there?
I could use a fresh pair of eyes.
Tom knew deep inside that Mary was right.
Mary knew deep inside that Tom was right.
The oven is still warm.
Be careful. It's still warm.
Be careful. It's still hot.
I brought you some hot soup.
Tom brought Mary some hot soup.
Tom brought Mary some vegetable soup.
So, let sleeping dogs lie.
Don't lie to me, boy!
Don't lie to me, girl!
The Dutch oven was still warm.
The cake is still warm.
Tom brewed some coffee.
Tom flipped the channels.
Tom isn't as poor as most people assume.
Do you have anything to say for yourself?
I'm terrified of being alone in the dark.
Tom went to Mary's Halloween party.
I would love nothing more.
I would love nothing more, trust me.
Are you coming to Tom's Halloween party?
You know very well what I'm talking about.
Thanks for the soup.
I was never in the habit of lying.
Are you coming to Mary's Halloween party?
Jane is a remarkably beautiful young woman.
Tom was busy texting on his phone.
Mary was busy texting on her phone.
Tom unbuttoned his top shirt button.
Tom unbuttoned his shirt cuffs.
Tom loosened the knot on his tie.
That's why I bought this book.
They will forget each other.
What, in your opinion, makes Mary different from other young women?
In a sense, Paris is the center of the world.
Tom pressed send.
Drink it while it's hot.
You're my best friend, too.
You're my best friend, too!
I'm not wearing that stupid costume.
You can't leave the house like this, little man!
Once you get in, you can't get out.
He didn't hide his disappointment.
Come on, people!
Stand firm!
Peanuts are legumes.
"Take these two then. When will you repay me?" "Saturday, I hope, when my father comes to the market." "Keep it in mind then." "Don't worry."
"Give me two then, please." "But it isn't enough for you." "I will ask someone else."
But it isn't enough for you.
"Well good, give me those four." "I will give you half – if you wish." "Why not all of them?" "Because I need two myself."
Tom changed the channels.
It's spooky in here.
It was kind of spooky in the cave.
Other reptiles have a plain body.
I heard a spooky sound coming from the attic.
I saw a spooky white face looking in the window.
Look, that young girl is being chased by the old man.
Why did you elect me?
Abranis, Oulahlou and Ali Amrane are the big stars in the modern Kabyle musical style.
The poetry and music of Zedek Mouloud don't leave listeners indifferent.
Matoub Lounès is the Kabyle John Lennon.
They know very well what I'm talking about.
I watch NatGeo every day.
Jean Amrouche is a well-known Kabyle intellectual.
Ali Ideflawen is a Kabyle militant singer.
Lalla Fadhma n'Soumer was an important figure of the Kabylian resistance movement during the beginning of French colonization in North Africa.
Do you want a hamburger?
I'm practically starving.
"I love you, Mary." "But I don't love you."
Let me therefore enter upon this noble cause with a chearfulness, grounded upon this assurance, that my adversary's cause is maintain'd by nothing but fraud, fallacy, ignorance and barbarity; whereas mine has light, truth, reason, the practice and the learning of the best ages of the world, of its side.
The origin of Kings, you say, is as ancient as that of the sun.
A father and a king are very different. Our fathers begot us; but a king did not create us, but we him.
A king may easily make himself neither a father nor a king.
But relating to the nature of the act, I say to you: our king was neither good, nor just, nor merciful, nor devout, nor godly, nor peacable, but an enemy who has been such for ten years, nor was he a father of his country, but a destroyer of it.
Mouloud Mammeri opened the way to the mother tongue, Tamazight, in which we traced the Kabyle tongue.
"Has he given you money?" "As he often does." "How much?" "Nothing to you."
"What did he say to you?" "He berated me in so many words saying that I should study diligently." "I wish you would." "I will do, God willing."
It would be better to die a thousand times than suffer such infamy.
"Has your father gone?" "He has." "At what time?" "At one o'clock this afternoon."
"When will you buy those things you've planned on?" "Tomorrow, I hope, or at the latest the day after tomorrow."
"In the meantime I wait in hope, but what if you have nothing left?" "I can tell you straight away that you will not be waiting in vain."
Tom's company went on a hiring spree.
Tom's company went on a firing spree.
The bread was still warm.
The bed was still warm.
The bed is still warm.
Sami is purifying his nafs.
Sami is training his nafs.
Sami did istikhara.
You have done well in leaving off being an Advocate and sticking to grammar.
Sami did ghusl from janaabah in the middle of the night after having a wet dream.
Why patch such a big tear?
Sami is Fadil's sheikh.
Sami is Fadil's disciple.
Tom is a grouchy cat. He doesn't like to be petted.
The embassy denies asylum to political refugees.
The embassy does not grant asylum to political refugees.
Kabylians love Japanese.
Kabylians respect all people.
Kabylians want to learn all the languages in the world.
Why would Kabylians want to learn American Indian languages?
It's something I've wanted to do for a while.
It's something I've wanted to do for a long time.
Drink up while it's hot.
Eat it while it's hot.
Eat up while it's hot.
I wish we could be sisters.
Are you sure you don't need anything else?
Are you sure you don't want anything else?
Did he like it?
She woke him up gently.
Tom woke Mary up gently.
Tom poked at his food.
Tom poked at his food with his fork.
Mary poked at her food.
Mary covered her shoulders with a shawl.
Mary covered her head with a shawl.
A little cold water never hurt anyone.
A little water never hurt anyone.
A little rain never hurt anyone.
"Let's go for a swim." "Are you crazy?"
A little humor never hurt anyone.
Tom read the Bible.
Tom read the Bible out loud.
Who are all these people over there?
"Who are all these people over there?" That's a mirror, Tom."
"Who are all those people over there?" "That's a mirror, Tom," said Mary.
"Who are all these people over there?" That's a mirror."
This water is ice cold.
Tom rubbed his forehead, as if trying to remember something.
Tom slapped his forehead.
We were very happy until you came around.
Tom cried on the way back home.
Mary cried on the way back home.
You've gone soft.
Tom has gone soft.
We were happy until you came around.
Tom and Mary were happy until John came around.
Tom and Mary were happy until Alice came around.
Seek and ye shall find.
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.
Did they like it?
Did you have a nice nap?
Trust me on this one.
The rice is still warm.
The rice was still warm.
Tom wore an embarrassing costume.
Mary wore an embarrassing costume.
The witch mounted her broomstick and flew off into the sky.
Mary mounted her broomstick and flew off into the sky.
The witch flew off into the sky.
Mary flew off on her broomstick.
Mary nearly fell off her broomstick.
Tom had never flown on a broomstick before.
Stop being so mean to everyone.
Stop being so mean to everyone!
Mary jumped on her broom and flew off.
Mary jumped on her broom and flew off into the sky.
Tom is a wizard.
Mary is a witch.
Tom is a zombie.
Tom dressed as a wizard.
Tom dressed up as a zombie.
Tom wrote Mary a postcard.
Tom flicked his wand.
Tom flicked her wand.
Mary cast a spell on Tom.
She cast a spell on him.
Did she cast a spell on you?
Tom cast a spell on Mary.
Tom cast a spell.
Tom went to a school for wizards.
Mary went to a school for wizards.
Mary went to a school for witches.
Tom's parents were wizards.
Tom's parents were a wizard and a witch.
Tom's parents were doctors.
Tom's parents were accountants.
Tom's parents were lawyers.
Tom's parents were hippies.
Tom planted a tree.
Tom and Mary planted a tree together.
Tom's head was spinning.
Meddle in your own matters, you turncoat.
Fido's a weird name for a cat.
This workout routine is brutal.
Needless to say, Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
I became eligible for retirement earlier than expected.
I believe that actions are more important than words.
I think that actions are more important than words.
I became eligible for parole earlier than expected.
Tom denied having been involved in the incident.
The prosecutor will likely use that against Tom.
I believe actions are more important than words.
Tom denied having been involved in the robbery.
I still believe that doing that is ill-advised.
I soon found out that I wasn't talented enough.
Tom denied having been involved in the affair.
I think actions are more important than words.
I appreciate what you've been able to achieve.
I'm really impressed at your resourcefulness.
Tom sat unnoticed in the back of the room.
Now I've got something to look forward to.
I'm just focused on baseball at this time.
I still believe doing that is ill-advised.
I soon found out I wasn't talented enough.
We're looking for a way out of this mess.
I fear that there would be complications.
The prosecutor can use that against Tom.
I became eligible earlier than expected.
I'm hungry for something different now.
I'm doing better than my neighbors are.
I'm afraid that there's a little snag.
I haven't accepted the assignment yet.
I found that I wasn't talented enough.
We're just trying to enjoy ourselves.
Now I've got something to strive for.
I never heard anything back from Tom.
You may do that however you see fit.
Tom is about the same age that I am.
Mary got her hair done this morning.
I've learned something about myself.
I'm happy to have gone through that.
I never felt comfortable doing that.
I fear there would be complications.
We've helped other candidates, too.
I'm doing better than my neighbors.
I'm disappointed, to say the least.
I found that a little hypocritical.
I couldn't bring myself to do that.
I can't say that I'm sorry, either.
We've got it all straightened out.
Tom's first win was also his last.
I've helped other candidates, too.
I want to do something else first.
I need to do something else first.
I have to do something else first.
I have a theory why that happened.
I didn't know who else to turn to.
Tom probably faked his own death.
Tom might've faked his own death.
Tom hasn't talked to us all week.
Tom could've faked his own death.
Let me give you my point of view.
I've got it all straightened out.
I'm comfortable with what I have.
I'm afraid there's a little snag.
I was surprised by what we found.
I learned something about myself.
I have high hopes for the future.
I found I wasn't talented enough.
I didn't know where else to turn.
Tom was charged with kidnapping.
Tom seized his chance to escape.
Tom hit Mary with his golf club.
I'm trying to make a point here.
I'm afraid that was unnecessary.
I'll take a crack at doing that.
I was surprised by what I found.
I vehemently oppose this strike.
I don't really see it like that.
We're expecting a huge turnout.
Tom was never seen alive again.
Tom is barely out of his teens.
I don't see anybody not trying.
I actually prefer the original.
We're not here to win friends.
Tom slipped through the crowd.
I've seen very little of that.
I'm getting along pretty well.
I'm afraid it was unnecessary.
I'll take it under advisement.
I know what you're getting at.
I don't want to prejudge them.
I don't see myself doing that.
I don't see anyone not trying.
I don't cry about many things.
I don't buy into that anymore.
I can't say I'm sorry, either.
You can't ignore the obvious.
Tom fought off his attackers.
I'm not 100% certain on that.
I'm longing to see my mother.
I'm kind of seeing someone else.
I'm hungry for something new.
I was more mad than anything.
I want to do something first.
I need to do something first.
I'd like to know how Tom responded.
I have to do something first.
I didn't want to pursue that.
We're not to that point yet.
Tom needs special attention.
Tom fought off his attacker.
Tom bounced from job to job.
I'm ready for the next step.
I'm not here to win friends.
I'm just trying to enjoy it.
I'm here to prove you wrong.
I see myself getting better.
I see myself as a historian.
I never heard anything back.
I haven't seen much of that.
I don't know how that works.
I didn't doubt my abilities.
I couldn't send my son away.
I can't pinpoint a location.
Tom had problems at school.
I'll take back what's mine.
I'll hazard a guess anyway.
Tom was tried as an adult.
I'm not to that point yet.
I'm duty-bound to do that.
I have one more interview.
I got over that last year.
Tom is very happy indeed.
I'm kind of trapped here.
I have a three-step plan.
I don't see this working.
I don't get those people.
Tom is very soft-spoken.
Mary is an unfit mother.
I'm a bit of an anomaly.
I'll take a crack at it.
I'd never wish for that.
I truly believe in that.
I missed a lot of shots.
I don't buy that either.
I can be very tenacious.
Tom is a troubled teen.
Tom pled for his life.
Tom consented to that.
I won't get into that.
I know how that works.
Tom drives carefully.
I oppose this strike.
Tom is a delinquent.
Tom is on the ball.
Tom buzzed Mary in.
Tom froze.
Tom seems a bit worried.
Tom said he was shocked.
Tom promised to help us.
Tom offered me his help.
Tom met Mary a year ago.
Tom likes to drink wine.
Tom isn't in good shape.
Tom could become famous.
Tom cooked the potatoes.
Tom always seemed happy.
Tom worked as a waiter.
Tom wants to visit you.
Tom is eating crackers.
Tom works as a waiter.
Tom will find someone.
Tom washes the dishes.
Tom started to giggle.
Tom played the guitar.
Tom knew who Mary was.
Tom is now in custody.
Tom is always helpful.
Tom hid behind a bush.
Tom has been defeated.
Tom gets upset easily.
Tom doesn't cook well.
Tom closed the blinds.
Tom, this is for you.
Tom will believe you.
Tom was a journalist.
Tom played the cello.
Tom can't come over today.
Tom can't come today.
Tom traveled a lot.
Tom carved a pumpkin.
Tom wore a squirrel costume.
Tom's squirrel wore a costume.
Tom tried to touch his toes.
Mary tried to touch her toes.
Tom bent over and tried to touch his toes.
Mary bent over and tried to touch her toes.
Tom is a yoga practitioner.
Tom is a yogi.
Tom slapped his forehead with the palm of his hand.
Tom slapped his forehead again.
Tom slapped his hand to his forehead.
Tom tried to slap his forehead, but he missed.
I forgot your present.
I forgot to buy a present!
I forgot to buy Tom a present!
I forgot to buy Mary a present.
Tom forgot to buy Mary a present.
Tom slapped his hand across his forehead.
Mary bent over and touched her toes.
Tom bent over and touched his toes.
Tom mentally slapped his forehead.
Mary mentally slapped her forehead.
Do you want some rice?
I love rice.
Tom likes rice pudding.
Do you want some rice pudding?
Mary slapped her forehead.
Tom slapped his forehead hard.
Tom slapped his forehead so hard that he was knocked backwards.
Tom slapped his forehead with his hand.
Suddenly, he slapped his forehead.
Tom suddenly slapped his forehead.
Tom folded his arms across his chest.
Mary folded her arms across her chest.
Tom's eyes widened in terror.
I'm a little slow sometimes.
Tom is a little slow sometimes.
Mary is a little slow sometimes.
A little work never hurt anyone.
Tom stared at Mary as if she was speaking a foreign language.
Do you have a secret that you've never told anyone?
I've kept a secret from you.
May I use some of this paper?
Tom had never told anyone but Mary.
I've never told anyone about Tom.
I've never told anyone about Mary.
They hadn't had anything to eat since breakfast.
Tom hadn't had anything to eat since lunch.
Mary hadn't had anything to eat since dinner.
Tom has a secret that he's never told to anyone.
Mary has a secret that she's never told to anyone.
Tom had a secret, which he never told to anyone.
Tom revealed a secret he had never told to anyone before.
Mary revealed a secret she had never told to anyone before.
I forgot to buy a present for Tom.
I forgot to buy a present.
I probably shouldn't have said anything.
Tom and Mary went trick-or-treating.
Tom and his friends went trick-or-treating.
Tom won the costume contest.
Mary won the costume contest.
You can't pretend this didn't happen.
You can't pretend that this didn't happen.
You can't pretend that it didn't happen.
We can't pretend that it didn't happen.
Tom is too old to go trick-or-treating.
The online streaming service is choppy.
Please scan this.
Do you want to get some food?
There's a great restaurant around the corner.
You told me you'd come.
You told me that you'd come.
From now on, let's only speak French.
From now on, let's only speak French to each other.
I traveled all around Australia.
Tom hasn't had anything to eat since breakfast.
Tom, I especially want to talk to you.
Tom apologized for everything he'd done.
Tom apologized to Mary for everything he'd done.
Tom apologized to Mary for stepping on her foot.
Tom has been lying to Mary.
Tom is smart and funny.
Tom is alone in the forest.
Tom says that he'll never do that.
We remained awake until midnight.
The farmer worked until midday, then he went to eat lunch.
She has a convertible.
"The Wanderer" is a book written by Fritz Leiber in 1963.
This man has neither a family nor a house. So he wanders all the day long in the streets.
If you meet a vagrant or a beggar, it's good to give them some money.
I have posted an interpretation.
Have you finished writing your novel?
Make sure you wear a hat.
Tom doesn't believe in refrigeration.
The deaf woman wore an orange construction worker safety vest.
Oh, for fuck's sake, Tom, just shut up.
Often the people do not wish to depose a tyrant, often they cannot not.
Firstly I see that it is plain that you were raving when you wrote this; for as you have put the words together, they are neither Latin, nor sense.
There's a flaw in your argument.
There's a flaw in your logic.
"There's a flaw in your logic." "And what might that be?"
Tom sang "Happy Birthday" to Mary.
Thanks, but I can't accept this.
Thanks, but I can't accept it.
Thanks, but I can't accept your gift.
Mary is a lovely young woman.
Mary locked herself in her room and refused to come out.
Tom locked himself in his room and refused to come out.
Tom's squirrel wore a cute costume.
The old man planted a tree.
You're being too humble.
Tom locked himself in the bathroom and refused to come out.
Mary locked herself in the bathroom and refused to come out.
This is really neat.
This is neat.
That's neat.
Tom went to the general store.
Tom went to the barbershop.
This is what I came for.
This is what we came for.
Is there any more juice left?
Do you want a cold beer?
These nuts taste rancid.
Can I have some more rice, please?
Pass the tomato juice.
I'm just keeping my options open.
I've been thinking about my business idea.
Are there any new cheeses at the grocery?
I wish I had a cold boiled potato with salt and pepper, dill pickles, and a cheap American beer.
The princess wore an elaborate dress.
I'm not a fan of movies with a lot of special effects.
Why is it so quiet suddenly?
Mary has no one to talk to.
The princess always wore very elaborate hairstyles.
Tom creates his own belief systems.
It's not ready yet.
Is Tom worried about his grades?
The blonde woman screeched through the intersection in her new jeep.
When the dog realized he would be going on a walk, he ate several mouthfuls of dry dog food to fuel up.
The number of permutations is mind blowing.
I think it'll be too much for Mary to handle.
Have you tasted Mary's soup?
Tom woke up with a big pimple on his chin.
Stop talking and start listening.
Tom gets heartburn from drinking beer and eating too many candy bars.
I found the kitten freezing to death under a car.
Mary is a good listener.
I put a knife on the table.
Warning! It's very spicy.
You must take a break.
The temperature suddenly plunged.
The boys attempted to kill frogs with sharpened sticks.
That looks nasty.
It needs more salt.
Sunset became night in a blink of an eye.
Tom called customer service.
Tom called customer service to complain.
There is a lot to do every day.
Every once in a while, I taste dish soap on my food.
Every person can do something good.
Happy Reformation Day!
What does she think about all this?
What does he think about all this?
Don't give away my possessions!
What will you do with your newfound powers?
Is this the last of it?
I've been sick for nine days.
When I cough, I taste blood.
Is there anything new under the sun?
Tom isn't very good at grammar, but he can spell it.
Y'all need to grow up.
Tom became a fortune teller.
What is your next adventure?
It seems too simple to believe.
He fell in the ditch.
Don't fart in those pants! You haven't purchased them yet.
Opinions unite or divide people.
Shit! I don't expect you to know everything but to think. And if you don't know anything, ask.
My idea was stolen.
Tom says that that's his favorite store.
Tom set down his beer.
Tom switched his computer off.
Tom turned his computer off.
Tom shut his computer off.
Tom shut his computer down.
Tom switched his walkie-talkie off.
Tom taught his friends French.
Have you ever taught anyone French?
Tom taught some tricks to his dog.
Tom threw away his old notebooks.
Tom took a twenty dollar bill out of his pocket.
Tom took off his reading glasses.
Tom tossed some bread to his dog.
Tom tried his father's clothes on.
Tom turned his bedside lamp off.
Tom turned his headlights off.
Was Tom worried about his grades?
Tom wasn't worried about his grades.
Tom would never sell you his car.
Tom wouldn't lend me his bicycle.
Tom didn't take off his hat.
Flip over the pancakes.
The candy is missing.
The candy was coated with pocket fuzz.
The cough drop fell on the floor of the bus.
The bus turned the corner and stopped.
Everyone got off the bus.
This is a good day.
My back and shoulders are sore.
Tom has a freakishly strong back.
Tom is a physical freak of nature.
Tom is double jointed and double muscled.
She likes dogs a lot.
Tahiti is an island paradise.
Can you help me plant this shrub?
I love music too.
Can you help me translate that into French?
I wish I'd taken Tom's advice.
I wish I'd followed Tom's advice.
Tom said that he needed to go shopping.
Tom killed the rat with his cane.
Tom says that he likes the idea.
Tom told me he wasn't feeling very well.
It looks like Tom is busy right now.
What'll you eat tomorrow?
Scandinavian popular songs are similar to those from Kabylia.
Why do people hurt others on purpose?
Could you help me translate that into French?
Would you help me translate that into French?
What should I write about?
It's their last movie.
Those are bad people.
How was he killed?
How was she killed?
At least you made an effort.
Why are you superstitious?
I'm drowning in the details.
I'm forever installing or upgrading!
On the authority of my uncle's girlfriend, I claim possession of the last seven beers in this cooler.
I refuse to listen.
They're opening a new express lane at the supermarket.
One grocery store here sells plastic food and the other actual food.
Somehow I don't have enough carbs in my system to do any deep thinking.
Remember to bring water to the gym.
Move that boulder away from the barn.
Do you know how to drive a forklift?
Drag that log across the stream so that we can use it as a footbridge.
My sneakers are wet.
Tom stopped drinking two gallons of milk a day.
Tom started lifting weights.
Tom has the perfect physique for a world-class rower.
To the woman's astonishment, Tom easily lifted the entire stack of weights on the exercise machine.
Tom burst into the grocery store, pushing a wobbly cart.
"Is this a diarrhea restaurant? Because I got diarrhea the last time I ate here." "Yes, sir, we do serve to please." "Good, because I need to lose another three pounds."
I cannot stop laughing.
Your belly is getting smaller.
Tom is unwell.
Tom showed us around Boston.
I'm keeping my options open.
Mary's parents told her that they thought that she was too young to get married.
Mary's parents told her they thought that she was too young to get married.
Mary's parents told her that they thought she was too young to get married.
Mary's parents died in an automobile accident when she was three years old.
Mary's parents told her they thought she was too young to get married.
Mary isn't a high school student. She's a junior high school student.
Mary's parents were disappointed that she couldn't get into Harvard.
Mary's parents thought that she was too young to live by himself.
Mary isn't going to be happy when she finds out what happened.
Mary's parents got divorced when she was thirteen years old.
Mary doesn't live here anymore. She's moved to Australia.
Mary will likely be up. She's usually up till midnight.
Mary can't hold down a job. She's always getting fired.
Mary's parents told me that she'd be going to Harvard.
Mary isn't really interested. She's just being polite.
Mary doesn't live here anymore. She's moved to Boston.
Mary isn't a student here. She's one of the teachers.
Mary's parents died when she was thirteen years old.
Mary isn't really sick. She's just pretending to be.
Mary's parents told her that she shouldn't do that.
Mary hasn't gone anywhere. She's still in her room.
Mary's parents don't go to church, but she does.
Mary isn't a psychiatrist. She's a psychologist.
Mary can't help us right now. She's really busy.
Mary can't do that right now. She's really busy.
Mary's husband told me that she wasn't at home.
Mary is definitely not stupid. She's just lazy.
Mary isn't just my boss. She's my friend, too.
Mary isn't in Australia. She's in New Zealand.
Mary isn't at all sure who she should talk to.
Mary can't be hungry. She's just eaten dinner.
Mary regained all the weight that she'd lost.
Mary has been here at least once, hasn't she?
Mary's husband is just as strange as she is.
Mary's husband is almost as short as she is.
Mary is a beginner, but she catches on fast.
Mary asked me where she should put her coat.
Mary isn't watching TV now. She's sleeping.
Mary isn't at all sure where she should go.
Mary isn't a student here. She's a teacher.
Mary is celebrating her thirtieth birthday.
Mary's parents died when she was thirteen.
Mary's husband is a lot older than she is.
Mary would kill me if she knew I told you.
Mary told me that she'd lost her textbook.
Mary told me that she'd changed her plans.
Mary thought that she was losing her mind.
Mary said that she had a knife in her car.
Mary isn't at all sure what she should do.
Mary's husband is much older than she is.
Mary would like to see you in her office.
Mary would do whatever you ask her to do.
Mary would do anything you ask her to do.
Mary told her daughter to behave herself.
Mary ran her first marathon last weekend.
Mary doesn't think that it was her fault.
Mary can't do that right now. She's busy.
Mary will never pay me what she owes me.
Mary will be furious when she finds out.
Mary showed a photo of her mother to us.
Mary regained all the weight she'd lost.
Mary didn't know where her umbrella was.
Mary and her husband are from Australia.
Mary's parents wish she'd study harder.
Mary's parents don't know where she is.
Mary's older than she looks, isn't she?
Mary's much older than she says she is.
Mary's doing all she can do, isn't she?
Mary's confident she'll win, isn't she?
Mary will take her sister to the party.
Mary will remember this her whole life.
Mary will probably regret what she did.
Mary will be in her office all morning.
Mary wanted to be just like her mother.
Mary told me that she'd lost her watch.
Mary says she eats more when she's sad.
Mary said that we could borrow her car.
Mary said that she's glad she did that.
Mary said that she knows she can't win.
Mary said she's glad that she did that.
Mary said she'll take what she can get.
Mary said she was glad she'd done that.
Mary said she thought she couldn't win.
Mary isn't who she says she is, is she?
Mary isn't in Boston. She's in Chicago.
Mary is your French teacher, isn't she?
Mary is working really hard, isn't she?
Mary is way younger than me, isn't she?
Mary is very hard to please, isn't she?
Mary is very good with kids, isn't she?
Mary is very claustrophobic, isn't she?
Mary is very busy right now, isn't she?
Mary is usually home by now, isn't she?
Mary is too young to retire, isn't she?
Mary is too sick to do that, isn't she?
Mary is too busy to do that, isn't she?
Mary is tired of doing that, isn't she?
Mary is the same person she always was.
Mary is taking us back home, isn't she?
Mary is taking care of that, isn't she?
Mary is taking a big chance, isn't she?
Mary is supposed to help us, isn't she?
Mary is supposed to do that, isn't she?
Mary is supposed to be here, isn't she?
Mary is studying web design, isn't she?
Mary is studying at Harvard, isn't she?
Mary is still staring at me, isn't she?
Mary is still kind of young, isn't she?
Mary is still in the prison, isn't she?
Mary is still in her office, isn't she?
Mary is still in a bad mood, isn't she?
Mary is still at the clinic, isn't she?
Mary is somewhere in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is smarter than we are, isn't she?
Mary is sitting in the back, isn't she?
Mary is seeing someone else, isn't she?
Mary is scared that she's going to die.
Mary is renovating her home, isn't she?
Mary is really quite famous, isn't she?
Mary is really out of shape, isn't she?
Mary is really good at math, isn't she?
Mary is really good at golf, isn't she?
Mary is quite opportunistic, isn't she?
Mary is quite good at chess, isn't she?
Mary is pretty good at that, isn't she?
Mary is pretty good at golf, isn't she?
Mary is pretty disappointed, isn't she?
Mary is prepared to do that, isn't she?
Mary is planning to do that, isn't she?
Mary is perfect for the job, isn't she?
Mary is passionate about what she does.
Mary is part of the problem, isn't she?
Mary is opposed to the plan, isn't she?
Mary is one of your friends, isn't she?
Mary is one of your cousins, isn't she?
Mary is old enough to drive, isn't she?
Mary is old enough to drink, isn't she?
Mary is often late for work, isn't she?
Mary is never going to recover, is she?
Mary is never going to make it, is she?
Mary is never going to give up, is she?
Mary is never going to find it, is she?
Mary is never going to do that, is she?
Mary is much taller than me, isn't she?
Mary is much faster than me, isn't she?
Mary is making it up as she goes along.
Mary is majoring in physics, isn't she?
Mary is majoring in biology, isn't she?
Mary is looking for her dog, isn't she?
Mary is living in Australia, isn't she?
Mary is learning to do that, isn't she?
Mary is kind of standoffish, isn't she?
Mary is kind of old for you, isn't she?
Mary is just getting what she deserves.
Mary is just being stubborn, isn't she?
Mary is just being cautious, isn't she?
Mary is just about your age, isn't she?
Mary is just about finished, isn't she?
Mary is interested in music, isn't she?
Mary is in the waiting room, isn't she?
Mary is in the bathroom now, isn't she?
Mary is in a very good mood, isn't she?
Mary is in a lot of trouble, isn't she?
Mary is in a bad mood today, isn't she?
Mary is in Boston this week, isn't she?
Mary is in Boston right now, isn't she?
Mary is having a rough week, isn't she?
Mary is having a lot of fun, isn't she?
Mary is happy to have a job, isn't she?
Mary is great with children, isn't she?
Mary is going to work today, isn't she?
Mary is going to work on it, isn't she?
Mary is going to try to win, isn't she?
Mary is going to need these, isn't she?
Mary is going to leave soon, isn't she?
Mary is going to law school, isn't she?
Mary is going to get better, isn't she?
Mary is going to do everything she can.
Mary is going to do as much as she can.
Mary is going to come when she's ready.
Mary is going to come later, isn't she?
Mary is going to come early, isn't she?
Mary is going to be present, isn't she?
Mary is going to be jealous, isn't she?
Mary is going to be furious, isn't she?
Mary is fortunate that she can do that.
Mary is feeling much better, isn't she?
Mary is faster than you are, isn't she?
Mary is expected to recover, isn't she?
Mary is expected to do that, isn't she?
Mary is doing that for free, isn't she?
Mary is currently in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is confused and scared, isn't she?
Mary is completely clueless, isn't she?
Mary is coming to Australia, isn't she?
Mary is coming back tonight, isn't she?
Mary is certain she knows who did that.
Mary is capable of doing it, isn't she?
Mary is buying what we need, isn't she?
Mary is busy this afternoon, isn't she?
Mary is bigger than you are, isn't she?
Mary is better off than she used to be.
Mary is being very sensible, isn't she?
Mary is being very cautious, isn't she?
Mary is being taken care of, isn't she?
Mary is being quite foolish, isn't she?
Mary is being pretty direct, isn't she?
Mary is being evasive again, isn't she?
Mary is being blamed for it, isn't she?
Mary is back from Australia, isn't she?
Mary is babysitting tonight, isn't she?
Mary is awfully quiet today, isn't she?
Mary is aware of the danger, isn't she?
Mary is at school right now, isn't she?
Mary is at home watching TV, isn't she?
Mary is at her desk working, isn't she?
Mary is at church right now, isn't she?
Mary is an excellent driver, isn't she?
Mary is an assistant editor, isn't she?
Mary is always very careful, isn't she?
Mary is also planning to go, isn't she?
Mary is also from Australia, isn't she?
Mary is already quite drunk, isn't she?
Mary is already on the list, isn't she?
Mary is already at her desk, isn't she?
Mary is alone in her office, isn't she?
Mary is almost always right, isn't she?
Mary is almost always early, isn't she?
Mary is allergic to peanuts, isn't she?
Mary is actually doing that, isn't she?
Mary is able to do that now, isn't she?
Mary is a volleyball player, isn't she?
Mary is a very talented kid, isn't she?
Mary is a very quiet person, isn't she?
Mary is a very good painter, isn't she?
Mary is a very good drummer, isn't she?
Mary is a very fast swimmer, isn't she?
Mary is a very able teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a talented musician, isn't she?
Mary is a senior at Harvard, isn't she?
Mary is a really good coach, isn't she?
Mary is a really bad singer, isn't she?
Mary is a really bad driver, isn't she?
Mary is a pretty good skier, isn't she?
Mary is a lot older than me, isn't she?
Mary is a lot different now, isn't she?
Mary is a little overweight, isn't she?
Mary is a junior at Harvard, isn't she?
Mary is a good story teller, isn't she?
Mary is a good photographer, isn't she?
Mary is a good banjo player, isn't she?
Mary is a dependable person, isn't she?
Mary is a dedicated teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a college professor, isn't she?
Mary is a bit older than me, isn't she?
Mary is a basketball player, isn't she?
Mary doesn't think that it's her fault.
Mary and her husband live in Australia.
Mary wouldn't tell anybody, would she?
Mary wondered which textbook was hers.
Mary will start her new job on Monday.
Mary will probably forget her promise.
Mary will do that if nobody stops her.
Mary will do that if no one stops her.
Mary was very sure she had to do that.
Mary was told that she should do that.
Mary was told that she had to do that.
Mary was invited, but she didn't come.
Mary was afraid she might get evicted.
Mary was afraid she might be laid off.
Mary was afraid she might be expelled.
Mary was afraid she might be deported.
Mary usually goes shopping by herself.
Mary tried to speak, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to do it, but she couldn't.
Mary told me where she parked her car.
Mary told me that she's never met you.
Mary told me that she's losing weight.
Mary told me that she'd never do that.
Mary told me that she'd fly to Boston.
Mary told me that she'd do that later.
Mary told me that she'd do that again.
Mary told me that she'd call tomorrow.
Mary told me that she'd be supportive.
Mary told me that she'd be right over.
Mary told me that she'd be right back.
Mary told me that she'd be ready soon.
Mary told me that she wasn't ticklish.
Mary told me that she wasn't prepared.
Mary told me that she wasn't offended.
Mary told me that she was sympathetic.
Mary told me that she was really busy.
Mary told me that she was ready to go.
Mary told me that she was pessimistic.
Mary told me that she was over thirty.
Mary told me that she was headed home.
Mary told me that she was from Boston.
Mary told me that she was feeling bad.
Mary told me that she was coming back.
Mary told me that she wanted to leave.
Mary told me that she wanted a lawyer.
Mary told me that she used to be rich.
Mary told me that she never said that.
Mary told me that she needed our help.
Mary told me that she liked the party.
Mary told me that she liked the movie.
Mary told me that she knows the rules.
Mary told me that she knew what to do.
Mary told me that she knew how I felt.
Mary told me that she intended to win.
Mary told me that she hated Christmas.
Mary told me that she got there first.
Mary told me that she found something.
Mary told me that she didn't eat pork.
Mary told me that she didn't eat meat.
Mary told me that she did that for us.
Mary told me that she could handle it.
Mary told me she's through doing that.
Mary told me she's tempted to do that.
Mary told me she's decided to do that.
Mary told me she'll be home on Monday.
Mary told me she'd decided to do that.
Mary told me she would do it tomorrow.
Mary told me she used to be very poor.
Mary told me she hadn't done that yet.
Mary told me she grew up in Australia.
Mary told me she got here early today.
Mary told me she found this in a cave.
Mary told me how she got her nickname.
Mary told everyone that she was upset.
Mary told everyone that she was tired.
Mary told everyone that she was ready.
Mary told everyone that she was broke.
Mary told everyone that she was bored.
Mary told everyone she was unemployed.
Mary told everyone she was suspicious.
Mary told everyone she was interested.
Mary told everyone about what she did.
Mary told everybody that she was well.
Mary told everybody that she was safe.
Mary told everybody that she was fine.
Mary told everybody that she was done.
Mary told everybody that she was cold.
Mary told everybody she was skeptical.
Mary told everybody she was exhausted.
Mary told everybody she was depressed.
Mary thought that she'd be safe there.
Mary thought that she heard a gunshot.
Mary thought she was no longer needed.
Mary thought she was going to be shot.
Mary thought she was going to be busy.
Mary thought she heard a car backfire.
Mary thinks that she's in big trouble.
Mary thinks that she's figured it out.
Mary thinks that she knows what to do.
Mary thinks that she knows the answer.
Mary thinks that she knows everything.
Mary thinks that she got a good price.
Mary thinks that she can probably win.
Mary thinks she's tallest person here.
Mary thinks I don't know what she did.
Mary talked as if she knew everything.
Mary swore she wouldn't do that today.
Mary stays in motels when she travels.
Mary soon realized that she was alone.
Mary shook her head as she drove away.
Mary seemed to regret what she'd done.
Mary says that she's ready to do that.
Mary says she's too old to start over.
Mary says she's proud of her children.
Mary says she's never seen you before.
Mary says she's never eaten Thai food.
Mary says she's met you several times.
Mary says she's going to stop smoking.
Mary says she's glad you're all right.
Mary says she's glad that you're here.
Mary says she's been shot three times.
Mary says she'll never come back here.
Mary says she'll go to Australia soon.
Mary says she won't let you come home.
Mary says she wasn't surprised at all.
Mary says she wants to be buried here.
Mary says she misses her family a lot.
Mary says she just wanted to be loved.
Mary says she hates cleaning her room.
Mary says she hasn't joined any clubs.
Mary says she feels taken for granted.
Mary says she feels obligated to help.
Mary says she can't walk another step.
Mary says she can see into the future.
Mary says she always does it this way.
Mary says she actually enjoys dancing.
Mary saves over 80% of what she earns.
Mary said that what she wanted to say.
Mary said that she's ready to do that.
Mary said that she's not in any hurry.
Mary said that she's in Australia now.
Mary said that she's going to do that.
Mary said that she's glad you're back.
Mary said that she's eating lunch now.
Mary said that she's done that before.
Mary said that she's done all of that.
Mary said that she's been working out.
Mary said that she's been here before.
Mary said that she's always done that.
Mary said that she'll visit Australia.
Mary said that she'll quit doing that.
Mary said that she'll help us do that.
Mary said that she'll do that for you.
Mary said that she'd unlikely do that.
Mary said that she'd retire this year.
Mary said that she'd probably do that.
Mary said that she'd only talk to you.
Mary said that she'd like to see more.
Mary said that she'd get home by 2:30.
Mary said that she'd fly to Australia.
Mary said that she'd do that if I did.
Mary said that she'd do that for sure.
Mary said that she'd do that for free.
Mary said that she'd consider my idea.
Mary said that she'd buy that for you.
Mary said that she'd been cooperative.
Mary said that she'd be willing to go.
Mary said that she'd be there by 2:30.
Mary said that she'd be happy to help.
Mary said that she would visit Boston.
Mary said that she would stop smoking.
Mary said that she would go to Boston.
Mary said that she won't visit Boston.
Mary said that she won't speak French.
Mary said that she won't sing tonight.
Mary said that she won't go to Boston.
Mary said that she won't ever do that.
Mary said that she wasn't ready to go.
Mary said that she wasn't mad anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't intoxicated.
Mary said that she wasn't from Boston.
Mary said that she wasn't embarrassed.
Mary said that she wasn't coming back.
Mary said that she wasn't able to win.
Mary said that she wasn't a terrorist.
Mary said that she was very satisfied.
Mary said that she was very confident.
Mary said that she was really worried.
Mary said that she was really unlucky.
Mary said that she was really unhappy.
Mary said that she was really thirsty.
Mary said that she was really nervous.
Mary said that she was really jealous.
Mary said that she was really curious.
Mary said that she was good at French.
Mary said that she was getting sleepy.
Mary said that she was getting hungry.
Mary said that she was getting drowsy.
Mary said that she was from Australia.
Mary said that she was feeling hungry.
Mary said that she was doing that now.
Mary said that she was asked to leave.
Mary said that she wants more details.
Mary said that she wanted to meet you.
Mary said that she wanted to marry me.
Mary said that she wanted to be early.
Mary said that she wanted go swimming.
Mary said that she thought I was lazy.
Mary said that she thought I was dead.
Mary said that she thought I was cute.
Mary said that she thinks she can win.
Mary said that she regrets doing that.
Mary said that she probably won't win.
Mary said that she plans to go Monday.
Mary said that she planned to do that.
Mary said that she only did that once.
Mary said that she might visit Boston.
Mary said that she might possibly win.
Mary said that she likes to ski, too.
Mary said that she knew you could win.
Mary said that she knew the area well.
Mary said that she knew she could win.
Mary said that she isn't in any hurry.
Mary said that she isn't going ashore.
Mary said that she heard the gunshots.
Mary said that she heard an explosion.
Mary said that she had to leave early.
Mary said that she had found her keys.
Mary said that she had a good weekend.
Mary said that she got out of the way.
Mary said that she felt uncomfortable.
Mary said that she felt a bit nervous.
Mary said that she enjoyed doing that.
Mary said that she enjoyed being here.
Mary said that she doesn't plan to go.
Mary said that she didn't want to die.
Mary said that she didn't like Boston.
Mary said that she didn't have a plan.
Mary said that she didn't feel hungry.
Mary said that she did that on Monday.
Mary said that she couldn't elaborate.
Mary said that she could've done that.
Mary said that she could probably win.
Mary said that she can't speak French.
Mary said that she believed in ghosts.
Mary said she's willing to be patient.
Mary said she's proud of her children.
Mary said she's glad that you're back.
Mary said she's cautiously optimistic.
Mary said she'll go to Australia year.
Mary said she'd leave on October 20th.
Mary said she'd be willing to help us.
Mary said she'd be willing to do this.
Mary said she writes her own speeches.
Mary said she would never hurt anyone.
Mary said she would come to the party.
Mary said she would be at the meeting.
Mary said she won't forget that night.
Mary said she was very busy this week.
Mary said she was thrilled to be back.
Mary said she was studying French now.
Mary said she was planning to go, too.
Mary said she was planning to do that.
Mary said she was mugged by three men.
Mary said she was hesitant to do that.
Mary said she was grateful to be here.
Mary said she was feeling pretty good.
Mary said she was a bit uncomfortable.
Mary said she wants to sell her house.
Mary said she wanted to buy a toolbox.
Mary said she wanted a second opinion.
Mary said she understands our concern.
Mary said she thought that I was lazy.
Mary said she thought that I was dead.
Mary said she thought I was insincere.
Mary said she thinks that she can win.
Mary said she loves that kind of work.
Mary said she likes the sound of that.
Mary said she knew what that was like.
Mary said she knew that you could win.
Mary said she knew that she could win.
Mary said she hopes you won't do that.
Mary said she hopes you won't be late.
Mary said she heard three shots fired.
Mary said she heard a lot of gunshots.
Mary said she had to work on Saturday.
Mary said she felt utterly humiliated.
Mary said she felt no pressure to win.
Mary said she felt like getting drunk.
Mary said she felt good about her win.
Mary said she felt compelled to speak.
Mary said she didn't see anybody else.
Mary said she didn't remember my name.
Mary said she didn't remember a thing.
Mary said she didn't plan to be there.
Mary said she didn't like her new job.
Mary said she didn't know how to swim.
Mary said she didn't know anyone here.
Mary said she didn't have enough time.
Mary said she didn't have any regrets.
Mary said she didn't feel like eating.
Mary said last night she might retire.
Mary replied that she'd be glad to go.
Mary refused to admit she'd done that.
Mary realized that she was on her own.
Mary realized that she should do that.
Mary realized that she had to do that.
Mary realized she'd been unreasonable.
Mary realized she was in deep trouble.
Mary realized she couldn't to do that.
Mary promised that she'd speak French.
Mary promised she'd be here on Monday.
Mary promised she wouldn't leave town.
Mary promised me she'd do that for me.
Mary promised me she'd clean her room.
Mary promised me she wouldn't be late.
Mary pretended that she didn't see it.
Mary plays tennis as often as she can.
Mary phoned to say she was on her way.
Mary panicked when she heard the news.
Mary only does that when she's sleepy.
Mary never told me why she didn't win.
Mary never told me that she had a dog.
Mary never explained why she did that.
Mary moved to Boston with her husband.
Mary may talk to whoever she wants to.
Mary looks as though she's got a plan.
Mary looks as though she wants to cry.
Mary looked like she was about to cry.
Mary lives with her husband in Boston.
Mary let us know that she had arrived.
Mary let us know she wouldn't do that.
Mary let us know she couldn't do that.
Mary let me know that she'd done that.
Mary let me know she wouldn't do that.
Mary let me know she couldn't do that.
Mary knows why she's getting a chance.
Mary knows what she's doing out there.
Mary knows what she did was a mistake.
Mary knows that she's vulnerable here.
Mary knows that she's partly to blame.
Mary knows that she shouldn't do that.
Mary knows that she shouldn't be here.
Mary knows that she has to be patient.
Mary knows that she can't be replaced.
Mary knows that I'm older than she is.
Mary knows she's going to be arrested.
Mary knows she's done something wrong.
Mary knows more than she's letting on.
Mary knew that she was being followed.
Mary knew she was under investigation.
Mary just admitted she made a mistake.
Mary isn't very good at what she does.
Mary isn't sure what to do, is she?
Mary isn't so old that she can't work.
Mary isn't much older than me, is she?
Mary isn't as witty as she used to be.
Mary isn't as weird as she used to be.
Mary isn't as scary as she used to be.
Mary isn't as pudgy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as nosey as she used to be.
Mary isn't as nasty as she used to be.
Mary isn't as lucky as she used to be.
Mary isn't as heavy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as busy as she seems to be.
Mary isn't allowed to do that, is she?
Mary isn't a very good driver, is she?
Mary isn't a very good dancer, is she?
Mary isn't a teacher. She's a student.
Mary isn't a student. She's a teacher.
Mary is writing a book now, isn't she?
Mary is worried about that, isn't she?
Mary is working on her car, isn't she?
Mary is working hard today, isn't she?
Mary is with her boyfriend, isn't she?
Mary is willing to help us, isn't she?
Mary is willing to do that, isn't she?
Mary is wearing a new suit, isn't she?
Mary is wearing a new coat, isn't she?
Mary is wearing a name tag, isn't she?
Mary is way taller than me, isn't she?
Mary is way richer than me, isn't she?
Mary is washing the dishes, isn't she?
Mary is waiting to pick up her nephew.
Mary is waiting to pick her nephew up.
Mary is waiting in the car, isn't she?
Mary is waiting for you in her office.
Mary is waiting downstairs, isn't she?
Mary is visiting her family in Boston.
Mary is visiting Australia, isn't she?
Mary is very strict with her children.
Mary is very sophisticated, isn't she?
Mary is very self-centered, isn't she?
Mary is very proud of that, isn't she?
Mary is very knowledgeable, isn't she?
Mary is very grouchy today, isn't she?
Mary is very good at poker, isn't she?
Mary is very good at chess, isn't she?
Mary is very different now, isn't she?
Mary is very dependent on her parents.
Mary is very conscientious, isn't she?
Mary is very compassionate, isn't she?
Mary is very charming when she smiles.
Mary is very anxious about her health.
Mary is very absent-minded, isn't she?
Mary is used to doing that, isn't she?
Mary is used to doing her own cooking.
Mary is unwilling to change her plans.
Mary is unaware of what she has to do.
Mary is trying to scare us, isn't she?
Mary is trying to get her weight down.
Mary is trying to be funny, isn't she?
Mary is trying really hard, isn't she?
Mary is too young to drive, isn't she?
Mary is too young to drink, isn't she?
Mary is too young for that, isn't she?
Mary is too shy to do that, isn't she?
Mary is too old to do that, isn't she?
Mary is too drunk to drive, isn't she?
Mary is through doing that, isn't she?
Mary is there with one of her friends.
Mary is taking a huge risk, isn't she?
Mary is studying right now, isn't she?
Mary is studying in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is stronger than I am, isn't she?
Mary is stranded somewhere, isn't she?
Mary is still working on her computer.
Mary is still working hard, isn't she?
Mary is still working at her computer.
Mary is still pretty young, isn't she?
Mary is still on probation, isn't she?
Mary is still not ready to go, is she?
Mary is still not answering her phone.
Mary is still in the house, isn't she?
Mary is still considering her options.
Mary is staying at her parents' place.
Mary is sleeping right now, isn't she?
Mary is seeing a therapist, isn't she?
Mary is scared to death of her father.
Mary is scared of the dark, isn't she?
Mary is putting stuff in her backpack.
Mary is putting her house up for sale.
Mary is proud of her stamp collection.
Mary is pretty competitive, isn't she?
Mary is pretty adventurous, isn't she?
Mary is planning to repaint her house.
Mary is painting her house, isn't she?
Mary is packing her things into boxes.
Mary is on the soccer team, isn't she?
Mary is on her way back to the office.
Mary is old, but she's young at heart.
Mary is old enough to vote, isn't she?
Mary is obliged to do that, isn't she?
Mary is now straightening up her room.
Mary is never late for school, is she?
Mary is never going to change, is she?
Mary is much older than me, isn't she?
Mary is managing all right on her own.
Mary is majoring in French, isn't she?
Mary is likely to be early, isn't she?
Mary is likely to be awake, isn't she?
Mary is likely to be alone, isn't she?
Mary is leaving right away, isn't she?
Mary is kind of busy today, isn't she?
Mary is in the third grade, isn't she?
Mary is in serious trouble, isn't she?
Mary is in her room, changing clothes.
Mary is in her room packing right now.
Mary is in bad shape, but she's alive.
Mary is in Australia with her parents.
Mary is holding a package in her hand.
Mary is here because of me, isn't she?
Mary is having a good time, isn't she?
Mary is good at basketball, isn't she?
Mary is going to walk home, isn't she?
Mary is going to try again, isn't she?
Mary is going to the beach, isn't she?
Mary is going to stay here, isn't she?
Mary is going to put her dog to sleep.
Mary is going to pay for what she did.
Mary is going to need this, isn't she?
Mary is going to need help, isn't she?
Mary is going to lend me her umbrella.
Mary is going to get fired, isn't she?
Mary is going to be safe where she is.
Mary is going to be famous, isn't she?
Mary is going to be a cook, isn't she?
Mary is going to apologize, isn't she?
Mary is going to Australia, isn't she?
Mary is going back to jail, isn't she?
Mary is expecting somebody, isn't she?
Mary is eating her favorite ice cream.
Mary is doing what you told her to do.
Mary is doing her homework, isn't she?
Mary is doing her best to change that.
Mary is doing better today, isn't she?
Mary is difficult to reach, isn't she?
Mary is different from her classmates.
Mary is devoted to her three children.
Mary is crazy about tennis, isn't she?
Mary is convinced everybody hates her.
Mary is coming this Monday, isn't she?
Mary is coming next Monday, isn't she?
Mary is coming for a visit, isn't she?
Mary is buying her children some toys.
Mary is buying a new house, isn't she?
Mary is busy at the moment, isn't she?
Mary is breaking the rules, isn't she?
Mary is being very selfish, isn't she?
Mary is being very cynical, isn't she?
Mary is being disagreeable, isn't she?
Mary is beginning to lose her hearing.
Mary is becoming more like her mother.
Mary is back from her trip, isn't she?
Mary is at the supermarket, isn't she?
Mary is at the library now, isn't she?
Mary is at her desk writing something.
Mary is at her desk eating a sandwich.
Mary is asleep in her room, isn't she?
Mary is an outgoing person, isn't she?
Mary is an ophthalmologist, isn't she?
Mary is an excellent skier, isn't she?
Mary is an education major, isn't she?
Mary is always very polite, isn't she?
Mary is always saying that, isn't she?
Mary is always biting her fingernails.
Mary is allowed to do that, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of the dark, isn't she?
Mary is a very nice person, isn't she?
Mary is a very hard worker, isn't she?
Mary is a very good skater, isn't she?
Mary is a very good singer, isn't she?
Mary is a very good driver, isn't she?
Mary is a very good dancer, isn't she?
Mary is a very good artist, isn't she?
Mary is a very fussy eater, isn't she?
Mary is a very busy person, isn't she?
Mary is a tough competitor, isn't she?
Mary is a terrible manager, isn't she?
Mary is a teacher. She teaches French.
Mary is a talkative person, isn't she?
Mary is a talented painter, isn't she?
Mary is a talented drummer, isn't she?
Mary is a really good cook, isn't she?
Mary is a real good friend, isn't she?
Mary is a patient of yours, isn't she?
Mary is a lot better today, isn't she?
Mary is a little bit crazy, isn't she?
Mary is a helicopter pilot, isn't she?
Mary is a graphic designer, isn't she?
Mary is a graduate student, isn't she?
Mary is a good bass player, isn't she?
Mary is a college graduate, isn't she?
Mary is a better cook than her mother.
Mary is a Harvard graduate, isn't she?
Mary is a French teacher in Australia.
Mary is a Canadian citizen, isn't she?
Mary hurt her knee when she fell down.
Mary hopes that she won't be deported.
Mary hasn't yet admitted she did that.
Mary hasn't told us what she might do.
Mary hasn't admitted she did that yet.
Mary has outlived many of her friends.
Mary has already told you, hasn't she?
Mary got what she deserved in the end.
Mary gets to do whatever she wants to.
Mary forgot where she put her glasses.
Mary felt that she had a lot to offer.
Mary felt she could make it in Boston.
Mary felt remorse for what she'd done.
Mary felt like she was being followed.
Mary explained how she lost her money.
Mary eats steak every chance she gets.
Mary doesn't think she's ever met you.
Mary doesn't think she'll get the job.
Mary doesn't seem too happy, does she?
Mary doesn't seem that busy, does she?
Mary didn't want to stay, but she did.
Mary didn't want to help, but she did.
Mary didn't say when she would return.
Mary didn't need to stay, but she did.
Mary didn't need to help, but she did.
Mary didn't mean to say what she said.
Mary didn't like the last job she had.
Mary didn't come because she got sick.
Mary did the very best that she could.
Mary definitely deserved what she got.
Mary cried until she ran out of tears.
Mary couldn't see where she was going.
Mary claims that she was born in 2013.
Mary claims that she saw the accident.
Mary claims she was drunk at the time.
Mary claims she was born in Australia.
Mary claims she has telepathic powers.
Mary claims she acted in self-defense.
Mary claimed that she passed the exam.
Mary can't just do whatever she wants.
Mary can't just do anything she wants.
Mary can stay with us if she wants to.
Mary can rest as long as she wants to.
Mary can dance fairly well, can't she?
Mary can be helpful when she wants to.
Mary asked that she not be identified.
Mary asked me what she should do next.
Mary and her husband have no children.
Mary always wished she had more money.
Mary always bowed when she greeted me.
Mary admitted that she wasn't perfect.
Mary admitted that she wasn't certain.
Mary admitted that she was very tired.
Mary admitted that she was unemployed.
Mary admitted that she was suspicious.
Mary admitted that she was overweight.
Mary admitted that she was illiterate.
Mary admitted that she was frustrated.
Mary admitted that she had lied to me.
Mary admitted that she broke the vase.
Mary admitted she had stolen the bike.
Mary admits that she's under pressure.
Mary's doing what she can, isn't she?
Mary wrote something in her notebook.
Mary wrote about that in her journal.
Mary wouldn't tell anyone, would she?
Mary wouldn't let anyone in her room.
Mary wouldn't let anyone in her home.
Mary wouldn't lend her bicycle to me.
Mary wouldn't allow me in her office.
Mary would never sell her car to you.
Mary wondered where to hang her coat.
Mary won't likely change her opinion.
Mary won't let us sing with her band.
Mary won't let anyone into her house.
Mary woke up with a pain in her side.
Mary will pay for what she did to us.
Mary will like what you made for her.
Mary will help you if you ask her to.
Mary will be here as soon as she can.
Mary will be buying her ticket today.
Mary went to the cemetery by herself.
Mary went to Boston with her parents.
Mary wasn't worried about her grades.
Mary wasn't where she should've been.
Mary wasn't wearing her wedding ring.
Mary wasn't wearing her uniform then.
Mary wasn't in her room this morning.
Mary was worried that she'd get lost.
Mary was with someone when I saw her.
Mary was well liked by her teammates.
Mary was very persuasive, wasn't she?
Mary was very convincing, wasn't she?
Mary was very aggressive, wasn't she?
Mary was unable to hide her reaction.
Mary was unable to control her anger.
Mary was unable to conceal her anger.
Mary was trying to control her anger.
Mary was sitting on her mother's lap.
Mary was sitting between her parents.
Mary was in time for her appointment.
Mary was having the time of her life.
Mary was fat the last time I saw her.
Mary was afraid she was going to die.
Mary was afraid she might be evicted.
Mary wants to start her own business.
Mary wanted to win, but she couldn't.
Mary wanted to get her money's worth.
Mary wanted to get her children back.
Mary walks her dog three times a day.
Mary walked her three dogs every day.
Mary walked down the hall by herself.
Mary understands French, doesn't she?
Mary tried, but she couldn't do that.
Mary tried to talk, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to hide behind her father.
Mary tore a page out of her notebook.
Mary took some things out of her bag.
Mary took her keys out of her pocket.
Mary took a bite out of her sandwich.
Mary told you what to do, didn't she?
Mary told me to stay out of her room.
Mary told me that she'd wait and see.
Mary told me that she'd visit Boston.
Mary told me that she'd love to help.
Mary told me that she'd look into it.
Mary told me that she'd like to help.
Mary told me that she'd go to Boston.
Mary told me that she'd do that, too.
Mary told me that she'd do that soon.
Mary told me that she'd call me back.
Mary told me that she'd call at 2:30.
Mary told me that she'd bought a car.
Mary told me that she'd also do that.
Mary told me that she won't marry me.
Mary told me that she wasn't worried.
Mary told me that she wasn't thirsty.
Mary told me that she wasn't so sure.
Mary told me that she wasn't nervous.
Mary told me that she wasn't married.
Mary told me that she wasn't injured.
Mary told me that she wasn't in pain.
Mary told me that she was very upset.
Mary told me that she was very happy.
Mary told me that she was overweight.
Mary told me that she was optimistic.
Mary told me that she was in a hurry.
Mary told me that she was having fun.
Mary told me that she was happy here.
Mary told me that she was going home.
Mary told me that she was doing that.
Mary told me that she was doing fine.
Mary told me that she was displeased.
Mary told me that she wanted to talk.
Mary told me that she wanted to quit.
Mary told me that she wanted to help.
Mary told me that she wanted my help.
Mary told me that she visited Boston.
Mary told me that she studied French.
Mary told me that she should do that.
Mary told me that she saw that movie.
Mary told me that she plans on going.
Mary told me that she never did that.
Mary told me that she needed to talk.
Mary told me that she needed my help.
Mary told me that she needed a favor.
Mary told me that she liked the idea.
Mary told me that she liked swimming.
Mary told me that she knew the rules.
Mary told me that she knew my sister.
Mary told me that she heard gunshots.
Mary told me that she had to do that.
Mary told me that she had no regrets.
Mary told me that she had a headache.
Mary told me that she found her keys.
Mary told me that she didn't do that.
Mary told me that she did that wrong.
Mary told me that she can see ghosts.
Mary told me she's afraid to do that.
Mary told me she'd never let me down.
Mary told me she'd lost her textbook.
Mary told me she'd changed her plans.
Mary told me she'd be home on Monday.
Mary told me she'd be busy on Monday.
Mary told me she'd agreed to do that.
Mary told me she would rather not go.
Mary told me she wasn't in Australia.
Mary told me she was unfazed by that.
Mary told me she was already married.
Mary told me she didn't like spinach.
Mary told me how to get to her house.
Mary told me her car was in the shop.
Mary told me I was like a son to her.
Mary told everyone that she was well.
Mary told everyone that she was safe.
Mary told everyone that she was fine.
Mary told everyone that she was done.
Mary told everyone that she was cold.
Mary told everyone she was skeptical.
Mary told everyone she was exhausted.
Mary told everyone she was depressed.
Mary told everybody she was unafraid.
Mary told everybody she was ticklish.
Mary told everybody she was prepared.
Mary thought that she'd forgotten it.
Mary thought that she'd be safe here.
Mary thought that she would help out.
Mary thought that she was very lucky.
Mary thought that she was being cute.
Mary thought that she should do that.
Mary thought that she had to do that.
Mary thought that her leg was broken.
Mary thought she was really charming.
Mary thought she was losing her mind.
Mary thought she heard some gunshots.
Mary thought she could do that again.
Mary thought I ate her piece of cake.
Mary thinks that she's related to me.
Mary thinks that she's a good singer.
Mary thinks that she's a good person.
Mary thinks that she's a good driver.
Mary thinks she's going to be a star.
Mary talks like she knows everything.
Mary talked about her life in Boston.
Mary swore she wouldn't ever do that.
Mary swallowed the last of her drink.
Mary suddenly realized she was wrong.
Mary struggled to keep her eyes open.
Mary struggled to keep her composure.
Mary stirred her coffee with a spoon.
Mary still says she doesn't blame me.
Mary still remembers her grandfather.
Mary still hasn't washed her clothes.
Mary still hasn't paid all her bills.
Mary still hasn't found her passport.
Mary sprained her ankle while hiking.
Mary spoke to her uncle on the phone.
Mary spent the day with her daughter.
Mary spent all her life in Australia.
Mary spent all day alone in her room.
Mary spent Christmas with her family.
Mary spends most of her time surfing.
Mary spends most of her time at home.
Mary spends all of her time painting.
Mary sometimes puts honey in her tea.
Mary sold her house three months ago.
Mary sold all her property in Boston.
Mary slammed her bedroom door closed.
Mary showed us a photo of her mother.
Mary shoved her hands in her pockets.
Mary shouted at the top of her lungs.
Mary shook her head and said nothing.
Mary seldom puts sugar in her coffee.
Mary seems to have lost her patience.
Mary seems to have lost her passport.
Mary seems to have a lot on her mind.
Mary seemed a little hard on herself.
Mary scratched her name off the list.
Mary says you keep hanging up on her.
Mary says that she did nothing wrong.
Mary says that doesn't matter to her.
Mary says she's swearing off smoking.
Mary says she's on her way back home.
Mary says she's never driven a truck.
Mary says she's going to beat you up.
Mary says she's cut down on drinking.
Mary says she was absolutely stunned.
Mary says she was abducted by aliens.
Mary says she wants to build a house.
Mary says she spoke without thinking.
Mary says she plans to take pictures.
Mary says she only eats organic food.
Mary says she left her house at 2:30.
Mary says she isn't afraid of ghosts.
Mary says she has to do that as well.
Mary says she has no plan to do that.
Mary says she feels comfortable here.
Mary says she doesn't like Australia.
Mary sat at her desk doing paperwork.
Mary sang one of the songs she wrote.
Mary said that you'd do that for her.
Mary said that you and she had lunch.
Mary said that the decision was hers.
Mary said that she's very happy here.
Mary said that she's not ready to go.
Mary said that she's never done that.
Mary said that she's feeling nervous.
Mary said that she's doing just fine.
Mary said that she's also frustrated.
Mary said that she'll try to do that.
Mary said that she'll do that for us.
Mary said that she'll call you later.
Mary said that she'd win and she did.
Mary said that she'd visit Australia.
Mary said that she'd take care of it.
Mary said that she'd see me tomorrow.
Mary said that she'd rather not swim.
Mary said that she'd quit doing that.
Mary said that she'd like to eat now.
Mary said that she'd help us do that.
Mary said that she'd go to Australia.
Mary said that she'd found something.
Mary said that she'd do that herself.
Mary said that she'd do that for you.
Mary said that she'd do that by 2:30.
Mary said that she'd do that as well.
Mary said that she'd do her homework.
Mary said that she'd come back later.
Mary said that she'd buy some stamps.
Mary said that she'd be leaving soon.
Mary said that she'd be here tonight.
Mary said that she'd be glad to help.
Mary said that she'd almost given up.
Mary said that she wouldn't be there.
Mary said that she would write to us.
Mary said that she would sort it out.
Mary said that she would do it again.
Mary said that she wasn't overweight.
Mary said that she wasn't optimistic.
Mary said that she wasn't interested.
Mary said that she wasn't in a hurry.
Mary said that she wasn't having fun.
Mary said that she wasn't happy here.
Mary said that she wasn't handcuffed.
Mary said that she wasn't colorblind.
Mary said that she wasn't a Canadian.
Mary said that she was very grateful.
Mary said that she was unable to win.
Mary said that she was really sleepy.
Mary said that she was really lonely.
Mary said that she was really hungry.
Mary said that she was really afraid.
Mary said that she was ready to talk.
Mary said that she was ready to help.
Mary said that she was in Boston now.
Mary said that she was going to work.
Mary said that she was going to quit.
Mary said that she was going to help.
Mary said that she was going hunting.
Mary said that she was getting tired.
Mary said that she was getting antsy.
Mary said that she was feeling great.
Mary said that she was asked to help.
Mary said that she was afraid to fly.
Mary said that she was a new student.
Mary said that she wants to meet you.
Mary said that she wanted to wrestle.
Mary said that she wanted to help us.
Mary said that she wanted to go home.
Mary said that she wanted to do this.
Mary said that she wanted to do more.
Mary said that she wanted to be here.
Mary said that she wanted me to stop.
Mary said that she wanted a good job.
Mary said that she understood French.
Mary said that she thought you'd win.
Mary said that she shouldn't do that.
Mary said that she paid income taxes.
Mary said that she needed to do that.
Mary said that she might not do that.
Mary said that she knew who did that.
Mary said that she knew I was coming.
Mary said that she isn't ready to go.
Mary said that she isn't a candidate.
Mary said that she heard three shots.
Mary said that she had to talk to me.
Mary said that she had nowhere to go.
Mary said that she had a slight cold.
Mary said that she felt very nervous.
Mary said that she felt the same way.
Mary said that she felt like dancing.
Mary said that she felt disappointed.
Mary said that she feels like crying.
Mary said that she enjoys doing that.
Mary said that she doesn't want this.
Mary said that she doesn't feel well.
Mary said that she didn't want to go.
Mary said that she didn't need money.
Mary said that she didn't have a job.
Mary said that she didn't have a dog.
Mary said that she didn't have a car.
Mary said that she didn't feel tired.
Mary said that she didn't drink wine.
Mary said that she didn't believe it.
Mary said that she did nothing wrong.
Mary said that she could come get it.
Mary said that she called the police.
Mary said that nobody could help her.
Mary said that no one could help her.
Mary said she's entirely self-taught.
Mary said she's done that many times.
Mary said she's confident of success.
Mary said she'll leave the door open.
Mary said she'll be leaving tomorrow.
Mary said she would do what we asked.
Mary said she would do that tomorrow.
Mary said she was used to doing that.
Mary said she was tempted to do that.
Mary said she was feeling better now.
Mary said she was completely baffled.
Mary said she wants to be a mechanic.
Mary said she wanted us to visit her.
Mary said she wanted to study abroad.
Mary said she wanted to leave Boston.
Mary said she tries to be optimistic.
Mary said she thought that you'd win.
Mary said she remembered being there.
Mary said she knew this would happen.
Mary said she knew that I would come.
Mary said she knew that I was coming.
Mary said she hoped she won the race.
Mary said she has to call the police.
Mary said she had to call the police.
Mary said she had a meeting to go to.
Mary said she felt obligated to help.
Mary said she felt like eating steak.
Mary said she doesn't want to retire.
Mary said she didn't want to do this.
Mary said she didn't see anyone else.
Mary said she didn't know any better.
Mary said she didn't know any French.
Mary said she didn't feel well today.
Mary said she didn't feel threatened.
Mary said she did that the wrong way.
Mary said her son wasn't a terrorist.
Mary said her son was a good athlete.
Mary remained unmarried all her life.
Mary regretted everything she'd done.
Mary really is submissive, isn't she?
Mary really got to know her students.
Mary realized that she might be late.
Mary raised her son without any help.
Mary put her new sneakers in her bag.
Mary put her lunch tray on the table.
Mary put her hat on and went outside.
Mary put her harmonica in her pocket.
Mary put her cup down on the counter.
Mary put her clothes in the suitcase.
Mary put a lot of honey on her toast.
Mary propped herself up on one elbow.
Mary propped herself up on her elbow.
Mary promised that she'd wait for us.
Mary promised that she would tell us.
Mary promised that she would help us.
Mary promised me she'd pay her debts.
Mary pretended that she was a doctor.
Mary pretended that she had a weapon.
Mary pressed an ice pack to her head.
Mary poured more wine into her glass.
Mary poured herself a glass of vodka.
Mary poured cold water over her head.
Mary postponed her trip to Australia.
Mary pawned the jewelry she'd stolen.
Mary painted a picture of her mother.
Mary paid someone to do that for her.
Mary ought to know better at her age.
Mary ought to have her head examined.
Mary only does that when she's upset.
Mary only does that when she's tired.
Mary only does that when she's angry.
Mary often doesn't keep her promises.
Mary offered her seat to an old lady.
Mary obviously got what she came for.
Mary never talks about her childhood.
Mary never forgot to do her homework.
Mary needs to lower her expectations.
Mary needed somebody she could trust.
Mary must've finished her work early.
Mary moved to Boston with her family.
Mary moved out of her parents' house.
Mary may talk with whoever she wants.
Mary makes her own bed every morning.
Mary made up her mind to leave early.
Mary made up her mind to buy the car.
Mary made some toys for her grandson.
Mary made her way through the jungle.
Mary made her fortune in real estate.
Mary lost her life in a car accident.
Mary looks like she's self-conscious.
Mary looks like she needs a vacation.
Mary looked well when I last saw her.
Mary looked like she was unconscious.
Mary looked like she was unconcerned.
Mary looked like she was overwhelmed.
Mary looked like she was intoxicated.
Mary looked like she was heartbroken.
Mary looked like she could've helped.
Mary looked for her name on the list.
Mary looked down at her injured hand.
Mary looked as if she'd seen a ghost.
Mary locked her sister in the closet.
Mary lives with her father in Boston.
Mary lives with her family in Boston.
Mary lives in Boston with her mother.
Mary lives in Boston with her family.
Mary lives in Australia, doesn't she?
Mary lived in Boston her entire life.
Mary likes barbecuing for her family.
Mary left her children alone at home.
Mary leaned back in her swivel chair.
Mary leaned back and closed her eyes.
Mary laid all her cards on the table.
Mary knows that she's in trouble now.
Mary knows she's in real trouble now.
Mary knew that she'd have to do that.
Mary knew that she wouldn't be fired.
Mary knew that she was being lied to.
Mary knew it was her duty to do that.
Mary kicked the door shut behind her.
Mary kicked her son out of the house.
Mary kept a lot of cash in her house.
Mary keeps her doors locked at night.
Mary just told me she wasn't at home.
Mary just shook her head and laughed.
Mary just finished cleaning her room.
Mary jumped in her car and drove off.
Mary isn't yet as tall as her mother.
Mary isn't wearing her glasses today.
Mary isn't sure what else she can do.
Mary isn't sure she wants to do this.
Mary isn't serious about her studies.
Mary isn't picky about what she eats.
Mary isn't likely to do that, is she?
Mary isn't as weak as she used to be.
Mary isn't as ugly as she used to be.
Mary isn't as tidy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as thin as she used to be.
Mary isn't as spry as she used to be.
Mary isn't as rude as she used to be.
Mary isn't as poor as she used to be.
Mary isn't as old as you are, is she?
Mary isn't as nosy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as neat as she used to be.
Mary isn't afraid of heights, is she?
Mary isn't a teacher anymore, is she?
Mary isn't a suspect anymore, is she?
Mary is younger than I am, isn't she?
Mary is worried about losing her job.
Mary is working on it now, isn't she?
Mary is working in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is wearing new shoes, isn't she?
Mary is wearing a new hat, isn't she?
Mary is watering the lawn, isn't she?
Mary is waiting for us in her office.
Mary is waiting for her test results.
Mary is visiting her uncle in Boston.
Mary is very well behaved, isn't she?
Mary is very unscrupulous, isn't she?
Mary is very undependable, isn't she?
Mary is very tired, and she's hungry.
Mary is very intimidating, isn't she?
Mary is very hypocritical, isn't she?
Mary is very happy with her new life.
Mary is very happy that her team won.
Mary is very good-looking, isn't she?
Mary is very good at math, isn't she?
Mary is very generous with her money.
Mary is very angry with her children.
Mary is very affectionate, isn't she?
Mary is very active in her community.
Mary is used to hard work, isn't she?
Mary is upstairs, crying in her room.
Mary is upstairs sleeping, isn't she?
Mary is upstairs in her room, crying.
Mary is uncertain what she should do.
Mary is trying to protect her family.
Mary is trying to do that, isn't she?
Mary is too young to vote, isn't she?
Mary is third on the list, isn't she?
Mary is thinking about it, isn't she?
Mary is the store manager, isn't she?
Mary is the one in charge, isn't she?
Mary is the night janitor, isn't she?
Mary is the lead vocalist, isn't she?
Mary is teaching here now, isn't she?
Mary is tapping her foot impatiently.
Mary is taking care of it, isn't she?
Mary is taking a big risk, isn't she?
Mary is taking a bath now, isn't she?
Mary is studying hard for her finals.
Mary is stronger than you, isn't she?
Mary is still unpacking her suitcase.
Mary is still sick in bed, isn't she?
Mary is still pretty busy, isn't she?
Mary is still out of town, isn't she?
Mary is still on vacation, isn't she?
Mary is still on the team, isn't she?
Mary is still on the roof, isn't she?
Mary is still in the cave, isn't she?
Mary is still in her room, isn't she?
Mary is still at her desk, isn't she?
Mary is still a bartender, isn't she?
Mary is staying with her grandmother.
Mary is staying in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is staying at her grandmother's.
Mary is sorry she caused you trouble.
Mary is so good with kids, isn't she?
Mary is sleeping upstairs, isn't she?
Mary is short for her age, isn't she?
Mary is setting the table, isn't she?
Mary is selling her house, isn't she?
Mary is scared to do that, isn't she?
Mary is recovering from her injuries.
Mary is really proud of her children.
Mary is really good at what she does.
Mary is really doing well, isn't she?
Mary is really courageous, isn't she?
Mary is really busy today, isn't she?
Mary is rather optimistic, isn't she?
Mary is putting on weight, isn't she?
Mary is putting on her jogging shoes.
Mary is probably still in her office.
Mary is pretty persuasive, isn't she?
Mary is pretty good at what she does.
Mary is pretty busy today, isn't she?
Mary is preoccupied with her studies.
Mary is pleased at her son's success.
Mary is playing outside with her son.
Mary is planning on going, isn't she?
Mary is out in the garden, isn't she?
Mary is on the track team, isn't she?
Mary is on the honor roll, isn't she?
Mary is on the back porch, isn't she?
Mary is on her way back to Australia.
Mary is on a tight budget, isn't she?
Mary is on a fishing trip, isn't she?
Mary is now out of danger, isn't she?
Mary is now legally blind, isn't she?
Mary is never late for class, is she?
Mary is never here on Monday, is she?
Mary is never going to agree, is she?
Mary is much better today, isn't she?
Mary is mopping the floor, isn't she?
Mary is mean to everybody, isn't she?
Mary is making sandwiches, isn't she?
Mary is lucky to be alive, isn't she?
Mary is lucky she can still stand up.
Mary is lucky no one saw her do that.
Mary is looking into that, isn't she?
Mary is looking for a job, isn't she?
Mary is looking for a friend of hers.
Mary is looking at us now, isn't she?
Mary is living by herself, isn't she?
Mary is likely to forget her promise.
Mary is likely to do that, isn't she?
Mary is likely to do that by herself.
Mary is likely to be late, isn't she?
Mary is likely to be home, isn't she?
Mary is likely to be busy, isn't she?
Mary is like a kid herself sometimes.
Mary is liable to do that, isn't she?
Mary is leaving next year, isn't she?
Mary is known for her sense of humor.
Mary is kind to everybody, isn't she?
Mary is just wasting time, isn't she?
Mary is just finishing up, isn't she?
Mary is just being honest, isn't she?
Mary is interested in art, isn't she?
Mary is incredibly stupid, isn't she?
Mary is in very bad shape, isn't she?
Mary is in the tree house, isn't she?
Mary is in the other room, isn't she?
Mary is in the greenhouse, isn't she?
Mary is in terrible shape, isn't she?
Mary is in her third year, isn't she?
Mary is in her first year at college.
Mary is in her bedroom, sound asleep.
Mary is in a bad mood now, isn't she?
Mary is in Boston already, isn't she?
Mary is hoping to do that, isn't she?
Mary is home from college, isn't she?
Mary is here to promote her new book.
Mary is here in Australia, isn't she?
Mary is headed for Boston, isn't she?
Mary is having a good day, isn't she?
Mary is hard up for money, isn't she?
Mary is hard to live with, isn't she?
Mary is growing impatient, isn't she?
Mary is good with animals, isn't she?
Mary is good at this game, isn't she?
Mary is good at geography, isn't she?
Mary is going to tear her house down.
Mary is going to stop you, isn't she?
Mary is going to sit here, isn't she?
Mary is going to help you, isn't she?
Mary is going to have her hands full.
Mary is going to have fun, isn't she?
Mary is going to go first, isn't she?
Mary is going to get hurt, isn't she?
Mary is going to get help, isn't she?
Mary is going to fix this, isn't she?
Mary is going to fix that, isn't she?
Mary is going to complain, isn't she?
Mary is going to beat you, isn't she?
Mary is going to be upset, isn't she?
Mary is going to be ready, isn't she?
Mary is going to be fired, isn't she?
Mary is going to be early, isn't she?
Mary is going to be angry, isn't she?
Mary is going to be alone, isn't she?
Mary is going there alone, isn't she?
Mary is going out tonight, isn't she?
Mary is getting impatient, isn't she?
Mary is getting desperate, isn't she?
Mary is from a small town, isn't she?
Mary is from a big family, isn't she?
Mary is flying in tonight, isn't she?
Mary is fairly well known, isn't she?
Mary is expecting someone, isn't she?
Mary is expecting company, isn't she?
Mary is eating dinner now, isn't she?
Mary is easily distracted, isn't she?
Mary is eager to go there, isn't she?
Mary is drying her face with a towel.
Mary is drinking red wine, isn't she?
Mary is doing well so far, isn't she?
Mary is doing well in her schoolwork.
Mary is doing the laundry, isn't she?
Mary is doing really well, isn't she?
Mary is doing much better, isn't she?
Mary is doing fine so far, isn't she?
Mary is doing fairly well, isn't she?
Mary is doing a great job, isn't she?
Mary is determined to win, isn't she?
Mary is cooking breakfast, isn't she?
Mary is convinced everyone hates her.
Mary is coming to get you, isn't she?
Mary is coming right back, isn't she?
Mary is coming for dinner, isn't she?
Mary is cleaning her room, isn't she?
Mary is busy all the time, isn't she?
Mary is better than I was at her age.
Mary is being very unfair, isn't she?
Mary is being unrealistic, isn't she?
Mary is back in Australia, isn't she?
Mary is aware of her own limitations.
Mary is aware of all this, isn't she?
Mary is at work right now, isn't she?
Mary is at the pool with her friends.
Mary is at home right now, isn't she?
Mary is at her desk, studying French.
Mary is as good a cook as her mother.
Mary is as busy as always, isn't she?
Mary is arriving tomorrow, isn't she?
Mary is an excellent cook, isn't she?
Mary is an activist in her community.
Mary is always in a hurry, isn't she?
Mary is always doing that, isn't she?
Mary is alone in her room, isn't she?
Mary is almost thirty now, isn't she?
Mary is almost as tall as her father.
Mary is ahead of schedule, isn't she?
Mary is afraid to go home, isn't she?
Mary is afraid to do that, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of spiders, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of heights, isn't she?
Mary is acting like she doesn't care.
Mary is a very good skier, isn't she?
Mary is a very good coach, isn't she?
Mary is a very good actor, isn't she?
Mary is a very bad driver, isn't she?
Mary is a terrible driver, isn't she?
Mary is a terrible dancer, isn't she?
Mary is a talented singer, isn't she?
Mary is a talented artist, isn't she?
Mary is a stubborn person, isn't she?
Mary is a songwriter, too, isn't she?
Mary is a science teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a retired teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a retired dentist, isn't she?
Mary is a reckless driver, isn't she?
Mary is a medical student, isn't she?
Mary is a lot tougher than she looks.
Mary is a lot smarter now, isn't she?
Mary is a little confused, isn't she?
Mary is a little bit like her father.
Mary is a history teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a good songwriter, isn't she?
Mary is a good babysitter, isn't she?
Mary is a gifted musician, isn't she?
Mary is a gifted composer, isn't she?
Mary is a friendly person, isn't she?
Mary is a friend of yours, isn't she?
Mary is a football player, isn't she?
Mary is a doctor like her father was.
Mary is a college student, isn't she?
Mary is a college dropout, isn't she?
Mary is a bit of a coward, isn't she?
Mary is a bit disoriented, isn't she?
Mary is a baseball player, isn't she?
Mary insists she's telling the truth.
Mary injured her elbow when she fell.
Mary hopped in her car and drove off.
Mary hopes that she won't be demoted.
Mary hopes she'll be able to do that.
Mary hopes she won't be disqualified.
Mary hoped her dream would come true.
Mary honked her horn as she drove by.
Mary hired somebody to train her dog.
Mary hid some papers behind her back.
Mary helped her mother set the table.
Mary heard somebody calling her name.
Mary hasn't realized her mistake yet.
Mary hasn't made her schedule public.
Mary hasn't lost her fighting spirit.
Mary hasn't been answering her phone.
Mary has worked hard for her success.
Mary has to travel a lot for her job.
Mary has to speak French for her job.
Mary has three young kids of her own.
Mary has something in her right hand.
Mary has sold her house in Australia.
Mary has quite a career ahead of her.
Mary has only done half her homework.
Mary has no plans for her retirement.
Mary has no one else she can rely on.
Mary has no idea she's being ignored.
Mary has never been sick in her life.
Mary has lost her motivation to work.
Mary has hired herself a good lawyer.
Mary has her whole life ahead of her.
Mary has decided not to sell her car.
Mary has changed her mind about that.
Mary has been busy cleaning her room.
Mary has apparently changed her mind.
Mary has apologized for her comments.
Mary has already spent her allowance.
Mary has already finished her chores.
Mary has a year left on her contract.
Mary has a birthmark on her left leg.
Mary had to stop to catch her breath.
Mary had red spots all over her body.
Mary had nobody to tell her story to.
Mary had no time to catch her breath.
Mary had no one to tell her story to.
Mary had her hands cuffed behind her.
Mary had an annoyed look on her face.
Mary had a confused look on her face.
Mary had a big fight with her mother.
Mary had a baseball bat in her hands.
Mary got locked out of her dormitory.
Mary got into her car and drove away.
Mary got excited when she heard that.
Mary got exactly what she wished for.
Mary gets overemotional, doesn't she?
Mary gave this to me before she died.
Mary gave no reason for her decision.
Mary gave away all of her belongings.
Mary gambled away everything she had.
Mary found an old safe in her garage.
Mary found a good job near her house.
Mary forgot to bring her lunch today.
Mary forged her boss's the signature.
Mary followed the bus on her bicycle.
Mary finished her work and went home.
Mary finished her meal and then left.
Mary felt someone touch her shoulder.
Mary felt like she could do anything.
Mary fell asleep with her glasses on.
Mary fell asleep with her clothes on.
Mary feels she needs to do something.
Mary extended her stay by three days.
Mary enjoyed fishing with her father.
Mary earns her living as a guitarist.
Mary earned her doctorate at Harvard.
Mary dried herself with a bath towel.
Mary doesn't want to live on her own.
Mary doesn't want to call her lawyer.
Mary doesn't put sugar in her coffee.
Mary doesn't often admit she's wrong.
Mary doesn't look so happy, does she?
Mary doesn't look like she's unhappy.
Mary doesn't like milk in her coffee.
Mary doesn't know where her keys are.
Mary doesn't know I wish she'd leave.
Mary doesn't celebrate her birthdays.
Mary doesn't always obey her parents.
Mary does that every chance she gets.
Mary does her homework before dinner.
Mary does all her homework at school.
Mary died while she was in Australia.
Mary didn't waste much time, did she?
Mary didn't want to lose her license.
Mary didn't want to do that, did she?
Mary didn't tell anybody who she was.
Mary didn't talk until she was three.
Mary didn't study for her final exam.
Mary didn't seem sure of her answers.
Mary didn't remember to pay her rent.
Mary didn't leave her room yesterday.
Mary didn't know what she should say.
Mary didn't have to go there herself.
Mary didn't have to do that, did she?
Mary didn't have anything in her bag.
Mary didn't do what you said she did.
Mary did some quick math in her head.
Mary did her homework in the kitchen.
Mary did exactly as I told her to do.
Mary did everything for her children.
Mary denied that she stole the money.
Mary denied she had stolen the money.
Mary decided to redesign her website.
Mary covered her mouth with her hand.
Mary covered her face with her hands.
Mary couldn't keep up with her class.
Mary couldn't identify her assailant.
Mary couldn't find her way back home.
Mary couldn't believe what she heard.
Mary could scarcely believe her eyes.
Mary could no longer control herself.
Mary could get hurt if she does that.
Mary complained about her low salary.
Mary closed her eyes and made a wish.
Mary closed her eyes and fell asleep.
Mary claims that she's taught French.
Mary claims she has never told a lie.
Mary changed into her school uniform.
Mary certainly looks like she's rich.
Mary can't seem to control her anger.
Mary can't fix everything by herself.
Mary can't believe what she just saw.
Mary can't always get what she wants.
Mary called to say she would be late.
Mary bought a present for her sister.
Mary bookmarked her favorite website.
Mary blamed everybody except herself.
Mary believes her son is still alive.
Mary backed out of her parking space.
Mary asked that she not be disturbed.
Mary asked me to proofread her essay.
Mary asked me if I'd seen her father.
Mary asked if she could speak French.
Mary and her parents moved to Boston.
Mary and her husband live separately.
Mary and her husband are from Boston.
Mary always seems to get her own way.
Mary always keeps her dog chained up.
Mary always drinks her coffee strong.
Mary admitted what she did was wrong.
Mary admitted that she was uncertain.
Mary admitted that she was skeptical.
Mary admitted that she was intrigued.
Mary admitted that she was desperate.
Mary admitted she wasn't really rich.
Mary admitted she wasn't really hurt.
Mary admitted she hadn't been polite.
Mary admitted she hadn't been honest.
Mary admits that she was overwhelmed.
Mary admits that she often does that.
Mary acted as if she hadn't heard me.
Mary Jackson works here, doesn't she?
Mary's younger than she says she is.
Mary's doing all she can, isn't she?
Mary writes and sings her own songs.
Mary wrapped herself in her blanket.
Mary worked her way through college.
Mary worked hard writing her speech.
Mary wondered if she'd be safe here.
Mary wondered if she should do that.
Mary wondered if she had to do that.
Mary won't tell me who she's dating.
Mary withdrew $from her account.
Mary went swimming with her friends.
Mary went downtown with her friends.
Mary wasn't very talkative, was she?
Mary wasn't home yesterday, was she?
Mary wasn't able to explain herself.
Mary was worried about her children.
Mary was very talkative, wasn't she?
Mary was very sarcastic, wasn't she?
Mary was unable to restrain herself.
Mary was quite pleased with herself.
Mary was looking for her locker key.
Mary was in her office at that time.
Mary was evicted from her apartment.
Mary was bullied when she was a kid.
Mary was astonished by what she saw.
Mary was afraid she might get fired.
Mary was accompanied by her parents.
Mary was able to do that by herself.
Mary wants to go and see her father.
Mary wants me to stay away from her.
Mary wants a watch for her birthday.
Mary wanted you to think she'd died.
Mary wanted to talk to her children.
Mary wanted to stay with her mother.
Mary wanted to stay home by herself.
Mary wanted to go, but she couldn't.
Mary wanted to go live with her dad.
Mary walked back into her apartment.
Mary twisted her ankle while hiking.
Mary tripped and sprained her ankle.
Mary tried to unfasten her seatbelt.
Mary tried in vain to hide her pain.
Mary tried her best to look serious.
Mary traded her camera for a guitar.
Mary took the key out of her pocket.
Mary took her shoes off at the door.
Mary took her pen out of her pocket.
Mary took her children to Australia.
Mary took good care of her children.
Mary took a sip from her coffee mug.
Mary took a notebook out of her bag.
Mary told me to stay out of her way.
Mary told me to get out of her room.
Mary told me that she's unimpressed.
Mary told me that she's pessimistic.
Mary told me that she's intoxicated.
Mary told me that she's heartbroken.
Mary told me that she'd wait for us.
Mary told me that she'd sort it out.
Mary told me that she wouldn't wait.
Mary told me that she would help us.
Mary told me that she would do that.
Mary told me that she won't do that.
Mary told me that she wasn't sleepy.
Mary told me that she wasn't hungry.
Mary told me that she wasn't coming.
Mary told me that she wasn't afraid.
Mary told me that she was uninsured.
Mary told me that she was undecided.
Mary told me that she was in Boston.
Mary told me that she was done, too.
Mary told me that she was concerned.
Mary told me that she was bilingual.
Mary told me that she was at school.
Mary told me that she was an artist.
Mary told me that she wanted to win.
Mary told me that she wanted to die.
Mary told me that she wanted to cry.
Mary told me that she speaks French.
Mary told me that she might not win.
Mary told me that she might do that.
Mary told me that she liked my idea.
Mary told me that she felt offended.
Mary told me that she didn't get it.
Mary told me that she couldn't walk.
Mary told me that she couldn't wait.
Mary told me that she could take it.
Mary told me that she could help us.
Mary told me that she could do that.
Mary told me that she believed that.
Mary told me she'd fly to Australia.
Mary told me she would go to Boston.
Mary told me she was from Australia.
Mary told me she was doing that now.
Mary told me she was claustrophobic.
Mary told me she never uses shampoo.
Mary told me she has just done that.
Mary told me she didn't want to win.
Mary told me she can't speak French.
Mary told me her father wasn't home.
Mary told me I was wasting her time.
Mary told her son to behave himself.
Mary told everyone she was unafraid.
Mary told everyone she was ticklish.
Mary told everyone she was prepared.
Mary told everybody she was thirsty.
Mary told everybody she was starved.
Mary told everybody she was retired.
Mary told everybody she was pleased.
Mary told everybody she was nervous.
Mary told everybody she was jealous.
Mary tightened her grip on the rope.
Mary tied the rope around her waist.
Mary threw her son out of the house.
Mary thought that she would be late.
Mary thought that she saw a pattern.
Mary thought that she could help us.
Mary thought that she could do that.
Mary thought her life was in danger.
Mary thinks that she's good-looking.
Mary thinks that she's always right.
Mary thinks that she should do that.
Mary thinks that her life is boring.
Mary thinks she's going to die soon.
Mary tapped her fingers on her desk.
Mary tapped her fingers impatiently.
Mary swore she'd never hit me again.
Mary swore she wouldn't leave early.
Mary stuck her hands in her pockets.
Mary stopped and cleared her throat.
Mary still hasn't done her homework.
Mary still has to pack her suitcase.
Mary still denies that she did that.
Mary stayed at home with her family.
Mary started to take off her jacket.
Mary started her first band in 2013.
Mary started her car and drove away.
Mary spent the day with her parents.
Mary spent her whole life in Boston.
Mary sort of took me under her wing.
Mary slammed her fists on the table.
Mary shut herself up in her bedroom.
Mary showed us her stamp collection.
Mary showed me her garden yesterday.
Mary showed me a picture of her car.
Mary showed her ID to the bartender.
Mary shouldn't have risked her life.
Mary should've trusted her instinct.
Mary shook her head as if to say no.
Mary shook her head and looked away.
Mary shook her fists in frustration.
Mary seldom forgets to pay her rent.
Mary seems to be talking to herself.
Mary scratched the back of her neck.
Mary scolded her son for being lazy.
Mary scolded her son for being late.
Mary says that's her favorite store.
Mary says that's her favorite movie.
Mary says that she misses Australia.
Mary says she's never been arrested.
Mary says she's moving to Australia.
Mary says she's here to support you.
Mary says she'd be happy to do that.
Mary says she was born in Australia.
Mary says she wants to quit her job.
Mary says she wants to come with us.
Mary says she wants her things back.
Mary says she needs to do that, too.
Mary says she loves it in Australia.
Mary says she found it on the bench.
Mary says she doesn't want to fight.
Mary says she doesn't like children.
Mary says she doesn't have a lawyer.
Mary says she can't stay for dinner.
Mary says she can't remember things.
Mary says she can't believe anybody.
Mary says she also wants to do that.
Mary says she also needs to do that.
Mary says her goals haven't changed.
Mary said that's her favorite store.
Mary said that you told her to wait.
Mary said that this belonged to her.
Mary said that she's ready to leave.
Mary said that she's not yet thirty.
Mary said that she's not sleepy yet.
Mary said that she's not doing that.
Mary said that she's not being used.
Mary said that she's doing that now.
Mary said that she's been to Boston.
Mary said that she'll never do that.
Mary said that she'll look after me.
Mary said that she'll do that later.
Mary said that she'll check into it.
Mary said that she'd try to do that.
Mary said that she'd try doing that.
Mary said that she'd think about it.
Mary said that she'd rather go home.
Mary said that she'd never leave me.
Mary said that she'd likely do that.
Mary said that she'd do that for us.
Mary said that she'd definitely win.
Mary said that she'd be coming back.
Mary said that she wouldn't help me.
Mary said that she would look at it.
Mary said that she wasn't terrified.
Mary said that she wasn't in Boston.
Mary said that she wasn't convinced.
Mary said that she was very unlucky.
Mary said that she was very shocked.
Mary said that she was very jealous.
Mary said that she was still afraid.
Mary said that she was really upset.
Mary said that she was really tired.
Mary said that she was really sorry.
Mary said that she was really lucky.
Mary said that she was really happy.
Mary said that she was really drunk.
Mary said that she was really broke.
Mary said that she was really bored.
Mary said that she was really angry.
Mary said that she was no different.
Mary said that she was in Australia.
Mary said that she was here to stay.
Mary said that she was going to win.
Mary said that she was going to die.
Mary said that she was glad to help.
Mary said that she was feeling fine.
Mary said that she was appreciative.
Mary said that she was all worn out.
Mary said that she wanted to retire.
Mary said that she wanted ice cream.
Mary said that she wanted a new car.
Mary said that she tried to do that.
Mary said that she prefers red wine.
Mary said that she plans to do that.
Mary said that she planned on going.
Mary said that she ought to do that.
Mary said that she never felt tired.
Mary said that she needs to do that.
Mary said that she needed some cash.
Mary said that she likes to do that.
Mary said that she likes doing that.
Mary said that she liked to do that.
Mary said that she liked doing that.
Mary said that she isn't thirty yet.
Mary said that she isn't sleepy yet.
Mary said that she had to work late.
Mary said that she had to walk home.
Mary said that she had to stay home.
Mary said that she had a job for me.
Mary said that she forgot something.
Mary said that she felt very sleepy.
Mary said that she felt very lonely.
Mary said that she felt very guilty.
Mary said that she felt responsible.
Mary said that she felt overwhelmed.
Mary said that she felt no pressure.
Mary said that she felt manipulated.
Mary said that she felt like crying.
Mary said that she felt lightheaded.
Mary said that she felt intimidated.
Mary said that she felt embarrassed.
Mary said that she felt comfortable.
Mary said that she felt a bit woozy.
Mary said that she felt a bit tired.
Mary said that she enjoyed the view.
Mary said that she enjoyed the show.
Mary said that she doesn't eat pork.
Mary said that she doesn't eat meat.
Mary said that she didn't like this.
Mary said that she didn't like dogs.
Mary said that she didn't like cats.
Mary said that she didn't like beer.
Mary said that she didn't know this.
Mary said that she didn't feel well.
Mary said that she didn't feel cold.
Mary said that she did that in 2013.
Mary said that she did that for you.
Mary said that she did that already.
Mary said that she couldn't help me.
Mary said that she could see ghosts.
Mary said that she could do nothing.
Mary said that she ate way too much.
Mary said that she appreciated that.
Mary said that she already did that.
Mary said that it didn't bother her.
Mary said that her house was locked.
Mary said that her efforts paid off.
Mary said she's tired of doing that.
Mary said she's really glad she won.
Mary said she's prepared to help me.
Mary said she's never been arrested.
Mary said she's been offered $3,000.
Mary said she'd overstayed her visa.
Mary said she'd help load the truck.
Mary said she'd forgotten something.
Mary said she'd come to the wedding.
Mary said she'd been offered $3,000.
Mary said she would quit doing that.
Mary said she would leave on Monday.
Mary said she would be OK with that.
Mary said she won't visit Australia.
Mary said she won't go to Australia.
Mary said she wasn't from Australia.
Mary said she was utterly exhausted.
Mary said she was somewhat confused.
Mary said she was hoping to see you.
Mary said she was glad you did that.
Mary said she was feeling confident.
Mary said she was determined to win.
Mary said she was at home yesterday.
Mary said she was afraid to do that.
Mary said she was afraid of heights.
Mary said she wanted to talk to you.
Mary said she wanted to make amends.
Mary said she wanted to buy a horse.
Mary said she wanted another chance.
Mary said she sold her car for $300.
Mary said she might visit Australia.
Mary said she might never come back.
Mary said she might be able to help.
Mary said she left her keys at home.
Mary said she knew you wouldn't win.
Mary said she knew you couldn't win.
Mary said she knew she wouldn't win.
Mary said she kept asking questions.
Mary said she jumped out of the way.
Mary said she hopes you'll help her.
Mary said she hopes you can do that.
Mary said she heard a noise outside.
Mary said she has to get more sleep.
Mary said she found doing that hard.
Mary said she figured she could win.
Mary said she felt quite threatened.
Mary said she felt much happier now.
Mary said she felt extremely guilty.
Mary said she felt a little nervous.
Mary said she feared for her safety.
Mary said she enjoyed the challenge.
Mary said she doesn't smoke anymore.
Mary said she didn't want me to win.
Mary said she didn't like Australia.
Mary said more than she should have.
Mary said it was no concern of hers.
Mary said her team would likely win.
Mary said her schedule would change.
Mary said her license was suspended.
Mary said her house wasn't for sale.
Mary said her goals haven't changed.
Mary said her dog's name was Cookie.
Mary returned to her home in Boston.
Mary remained single her whole life.
Mary recently earned her law degree.
Mary received her doctorate in 2013.
Mary ran out of gas on her way here.
Mary raised her family in Australia.
Mary puts too much sugar in her tea.
Mary put two sugar cubes in her tea.
Mary put the suitcases into her car.
Mary put salt in her tea by mistake.
Mary put on her jeans and a T-shirt.
Mary put on her jacket and went out.
Mary put new locks on all her doors.
Mary put her shoes on the shoe rack.
Mary put her passport in her pocket.
Mary put her head down on the table.
Mary put a thermometer in her mouth.
Mary pulled the ring off her finger.
Mary pulled out one of her earplugs.
Mary promised she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary practiced her parallel parking.
Mary poured more coffee for herself.
Mary pokes her nose into everything.
Mary plans to appeal her conviction.
Mary paused to collect her thoughts.
Mary patted her son on the shoulder.
Mary parked her car in the driveway.
Mary opened her beer and took a sip.
Mary often lets me use her computer.
Mary never worked a day in her life.
Mary never talks about her feelings.
Mary never talks about her children.
Mary never takes off her sunglasses.
Mary never pays her parking tickets.
Mary never drinks with her students.
Mary never does anything on her own.
Mary never complained about her job.
Mary needs to see you in her office.
Mary needs to buy herself some time.
Mary needs surgery on her left foot.
Mary needed someone she could trust.
Mary mumbled something in her sleep.
Mary moved back in with her parents.
Mary mounted her horse and rode off.
Mary might've eaten on her way home.
Mary made her company lots of money.
Mary made her children some cookies.
Mary lowered herself into the water.
Mary lowered herself into the chair.
Mary lost what little money she had.
Mary lost the key to her hotel room.
Mary lost her son in a car accident.
Mary lost her job at the university.
Mary looks like she's up to no good.
Mary looks like she's ready to work.
Mary looks like she's about to puke.
Mary looks like she needs a holiday.
Mary looks as if she's seen a ghost.
Mary looks as if she has a headache.
Mary looked tired when she got home.
Mary looked like she'd seen a ghost.
Mary looked like she was displeased.
Mary looked like she was determined.
Mary looked like she was astonished.
Mary looked down at her dirty shoes.
Mary looked at her cards and smiled.
Mary looked at her appointment book.
Mary looked around at her coworkers.
Mary looked around at her apartment.
Mary locked her dog in the bathroom.
Mary lived in Boston until she died.
Mary likes to do things her own way.
Mary likes doing things her own way.
Mary left her umbrella on the train.
Mary left her umbrella at our place.
Mary left her sunglasses in her car.
Mary lay still with her eyes closed.
Mary knows that she's said too much.
Mary knows that she's being watched.
Mary knows that she's being lied to.
Mary knows that she hears something.
Mary knows that she has to buy time.
Mary knows that she can count on us.
Mary knows she's done something bad.
Mary knows she won't get in trouble.
Mary knows she has a choice to make.
Mary knows she can't afford to fail.
Mary knew what she was getting into.
Mary knew she'd just made a mistake.
Mary knew right where she was going.
Mary knew her plan wasn't very good.
Mary killed herself on her birthday.
Mary kept the suspicions to herself.
Mary keeps her guitar in her closet.
Mary jumped in her car and took off.
Mary joined her school's drama club.
Mary isn't yet able to swim, is she?
Mary isn't worried about her grades.
Mary isn't very spontaneous, is she?
Mary isn't very imaginative, is she?
Mary isn't here. She's already left.
Mary isn't happy to be here, is she?
Mary isn't happy about this, is she?
Mary isn't going to make it, is she?
Mary isn't doing that again, is she?
Mary isn't dependent on her parents.
Mary isn't as quick as she once was.
Mary isn't as innocent as she seems.
Mary isn't as fun as she used to be.
Mary isn't as bad as you say she is.
Mary isn't anything like her sister.
Mary isn't anything like her mother.
Mary isn't afraid to speak her mind.
Mary isn't a very good liar, is she?
Mary isn't a doctor. She's a lawyer.
Mary is younger than you, isn't she?
Mary is wrong about that, isn't she?
Mary is worried about me, isn't she?
Mary is working overtime, isn't she?
Mary is with her parents, isn't she?
Mary is with her friends, isn't she?
Mary is wearing a jacket, isn't she?
Mary is wasting her time, isn't she?
Mary is waiting upstairs, isn't she?
Mary is waiting for you to help her.
Mary is very worried now, isn't she?
Mary is very meticulous in her work.
Mary is very independent, isn't she?
Mary is very imaginative, isn't she?
Mary is very hardworking, isn't she?
Mary is very generous with her time.
Mary is very charismatic, isn't she?
Mary is very adventurous, isn't she?
Mary is used to the heat, isn't she?
Mary is used to the cold, isn't she?
Mary is used to getting her own way.
Mary is upstairs resting, isn't she?
Mary is upstairs reading, isn't she?
Mary is upstairs packing, isn't she?
Mary is upstairs doing her homework.
Mary is upset about this, isn't she?
Mary is up for promotion, isn't she?
Mary is unhappy about it, isn't she?
Mary is ugly, but she's really nice.
Mary is turning thirteen, isn't she?
Mary is trying very hard, isn't she?
Mary is too old for this, isn't she?
Mary is too generous with her money.
Mary is tired of waiting, isn't she?
Mary is three months old, isn't she?
Mary is thirty years old, isn't she?
Mary is thinking it over, isn't she?
Mary is the next in line, isn't she?
Mary is the lead singer of her band.
Mary is terrible at math, isn't she?
Mary is terrible at golf, isn't she?
Mary is taller than I am, isn't she?
Mary is tall for her age, isn't she?
Mary is taking care of what she can.
Mary is stronger than me, isn't she?
Mary is still waiting for her check.
Mary is still vulnerable, isn't she?
Mary is still very upset, isn't she?
Mary is still very angry, isn't she?
Mary is still unpacking her clothes.
Mary is still unemployed, isn't she?
Mary is still undefeated, isn't she?
Mary is still suspicious, isn't she?
Mary is still overweight, isn't she?
Mary is still optimistic, isn't she?
Mary is still not satisfied, is she?
Mary is still not convinced, is she?
Mary is still in her room, studying.
Mary is still in college, isn't she?
Mary is still having fun, isn't she?
Mary is still fairly shy, isn't she?
Mary is still downstairs, isn't she?
Mary is still doing that, isn't she?
Mary is still an amateur, isn't she?
Mary is still a prisoner, isn't she?
Mary is still a bachelor, isn't she?
Mary is smarter than you, isn't she?
Mary is scared of ghosts, isn't she?
Mary is richer than I am, isn't she?
Mary is rereading her favorite book.
Mary is relaxing at home, isn't she?
Mary is really motivated, isn't she?
Mary is really into jazz, isn't she?
Mary is really different, isn't she?
Mary is really angry now, isn't she?
Mary is ready to do that, isn't she?
Mary is rather eccentric, isn't she?
Mary is quite proficient, isn't she?
Mary is quite often late, isn't she?
Mary is quite a gardener, isn't she?
Mary is psyched about it, isn't she?
Mary is proud of her son, isn't she?
Mary is probably off her meds again.
Mary is pretty obnoxious, isn't she?
Mary is pretty mad at me, isn't she?
Mary is pretty laid back, isn't she?
Mary is pretty irritated, isn't she?
Mary is pretty confident, isn't she?
Mary is preparing for her own death.
Mary is playing outdoors, isn't she?
Mary is playing a game on her phone.
Mary is planning a party, isn't she?
Mary is paid by the hour, isn't she?
Mary is packing her bags, isn't she?
Mary is on the swim team, isn't she?
Mary is on the other bus, isn't she?
Mary is on her way home from school.
Mary is on a strict diet, isn't she?
Mary is off duty tonight, isn't she?
Mary is now in Australia, isn't she?
Mary is now at home with her family.
Mary is next on the list, isn't she?
Mary is never late for work, is she?
Mary is never going to quit, is she?
Mary is much taller than her mother.
Mary is moving to Boston, isn't she?
Mary is moving back home, isn't she?
Mary is more famous than her sister.
Mary is mean to everyone, isn't she?
Mary is lying about that, isn't she?
Mary is lucky to be here, isn't she?
Mary is looking for work, isn't she?
Mary is looking for help, isn't she?
Mary is living in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is likely to be out, isn't she?
Mary is leaving tomorrow, isn't she?
Mary is kind to everyone, isn't she?
Mary is keeping her fingers crossed.
Mary is just teasing you, isn't she?
Mary is just taking care of herself.
Mary is just over thirty, isn't she?
Mary is itching to leave, isn't she?
Mary is in trouble again, isn't she?
Mary is in the back yard, isn't she?
Mary is in no hurry to sell her car.
Mary is in love with you, isn't she?
Mary is in her room studying French.
Mary is in amazing shape, isn't she?
Mary is in a lot of pain, isn't she?
Mary is in a coma, but she's stable.
Mary is in Australia now, isn't she?
Mary is holding her hat in her hand.
Mary is hiding somewhere, isn't she?
Mary is hiding something, isn't she?
Mary is here to help you, isn't she?
Mary is here on vacation, isn't she?
Mary is here for the day, isn't she?
Mary is helping us today, isn't she?
Mary is heading this way, isn't she?
Mary is having the time of her life.
Mary is having a bad day, isn't she?
Mary is happy to be home, isn't she?
Mary is happy to be here, isn't she?
Mary is happiest when she's at home.
Mary is good at swimming, isn't she?
Mary is good at painting, isn't she?
Mary is good at juggling, isn't she?
Mary is good at baseball, isn't she?
Mary is going to survive, isn't she?
Mary is going to succeed, isn't she?
Mary is going to sign it, isn't she?
Mary is going to show up, isn't she?
Mary is going to say yes, isn't she?
Mary is going to save us, isn't she?
Mary is going to recover, isn't she?
Mary is going to pay you, isn't she?
Mary is going to paint her car blue.
Mary is going to like it, isn't she?
Mary is going to help me, isn't she?
Mary is going to hear us, isn't she?
Mary is going to go home, isn't she?
Mary is going to give up, isn't she?
Mary is going to get one, isn't she?
Mary is going to find us, isn't she?
Mary is going to fill in, isn't she?
Mary is going to be next, isn't she?
Mary is going to be late, isn't she?
Mary is going to be here, isn't she?
Mary is going to be fine, isn't she?
Mary is going to be busy, isn't she?
Mary is going to be back, isn't she?
Mary is going to Harvard, isn't she?
Mary is getting used to her new job.
Mary is getting stronger, isn't she?
Mary is getting her things together.
Mary is getting dressed in her room.
Mary is fun to work with, isn't she?
Mary is fun to be around, isn't she?
Mary is frequently wrong, isn't she?
Mary is fluent in French, isn't she?
Mary is finished already, isn't she?
Mary is fairly important, isn't she?
Mary is excited about it, isn't she?
Mary is enjoying herself, isn't she?
Mary is embarrassed by what she did.
Mary is eating lunch now, isn't she?
Mary is easily flattered, isn't she?
Mary is eager to do that, isn't she?
Mary is down with a cold, isn't she?
Mary is doing the very best she can.
Mary is doing the dishes, isn't she?
Mary is doing that wrong, isn't she?
Mary is doing that today, isn't she?
Mary is doing that again, isn't she?
Mary is doing quite well, isn't she?
Mary is doing her best to stay calm.
Mary is doing a good job, isn't she?
Mary is deluding herself, isn't she?
Mary is crying right now, isn't she?
Mary is considering that, isn't she?
Mary is coming to get us, isn't she?
Mary is coming to Boston, isn't she?
Mary is coming on Monday, isn't she?
Mary is coming next week, isn't she?
Mary is coming home soon, isn't she?
Mary is coming back soon, isn't she?
Mary is college-educated, isn't she?
Mary is busy preparing for her trip.
Mary is busier than she's ever been.
Mary is building a house, isn't she?
Mary is breaking the law, isn't she?
Mary is braver than I am, isn't she?
Mary is bothered by that, isn't she?
Mary is blind in one eye, isn't she?
Mary is between jobs now, isn't she?
Mary is being very brave, isn't she?
Mary is being supportive, isn't she?
Mary is being ridiculous, isn't she?
Mary is being reasonable, isn't she?
Mary is being irrational, isn't she?
Mary is being a nuisance, isn't she?
Mary is back on schedule, isn't she?
Mary is back from Boston, isn't she?
Mary is away on vacation, isn't she?
Mary is away on business, isn't she?
Mary is at home with her family now.
Mary is at her desk doing paperwork.
Mary is anxious to leave, isn't she?
Mary is an honest person, isn't she?
Mary is an archaeologist, isn't she?
Mary is an amazing skier, isn't she?
Mary is an amateur boxer, isn't she?
Mary is an active person, isn't she?
Mary is always very nice, isn't she?
Mary is always very busy, isn't she?
Mary is always talkative, isn't she?
Mary is always like that, isn't she?
Mary is always courteous, isn't she?
Mary is also from Boston, isn't she?
Mary is already an adult, isn't she?
Mary is allergic to nuts, isn't she?
Mary is allergic to cats, isn't she?
Mary is against the plan, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of snakes, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of my dog, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of ghosts, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of flying, isn't she?
Mary is acting strangely, isn't she?
Mary is about to go home, isn't she?
Mary is about to do that, isn't she?
Mary is about thirty now, isn't she?
Mary is a violin teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a very good cook, isn't she?
Mary is a trumpet player, isn't she?
Mary is a troubleshooter, isn't she?
Mary is a talented actor, isn't she?
Mary is a strong swimmer, isn't she?
Mary is a strange person, isn't she?
Mary is a ski instructor, isn't she?
Mary is a selfish person, isn't she?
Mary is a security guard, isn't she?
Mary is a school janitor, isn't she?
Mary is a retired doctor, isn't she?
Mary is a problem-solver, isn't she?
Mary is a lot like her older sister.
Mary is a lot like I was at her age.
Mary is a lot better now, isn't she?
Mary is a little worried, isn't she?
Mary is a little strange, isn't she?
Mary is a guitar teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a good carpenter, isn't she?
Mary is a gifted pianist, isn't she?
Mary is a gifted painter, isn't she?
Mary is a fantastic cook, isn't she?
Mary is a doctor like her father is.
Mary is a divorce lawyer, isn't she?
Mary is a coffee drinker, isn't she?
Mary is a careful driver, isn't she?
Mary is a bright student, isn't she?
Mary is a bit overweight, isn't she?
Mary is a bit of a rebel, isn't she?
Mary is a bit of a loner, isn't she?
Mary is a bad role model, isn't she?
Mary is a French teacher, isn't she?
Mary insisted she wasn't in the car.
Mary hung her coat up in the closet.
Mary hopes she didn't botch the job.
Mary hoped she wouldn't be captured.
Mary hired someone to train her dog.
Mary hired somebody to cook for her.
Mary held up her end of the bargain.
Mary heard someone calling her name.
Mary heard a loud splash behind her.
Mary hasn't washed her car recently.
Mary hasn't told us her opinion yet.
Mary hasn't packed her suitcase yet.
Mary hasn't got much money with her.
Mary hasn't been doing her homework.
Mary hasn't announced her next move.
Mary has trouble keeping her temper.
Mary has trouble budgeting her time.
Mary has too much time on her hands.
Mary has something else on her mind.
Mary has sold the rest of her books.
Mary has shown she can't be trusted.
Mary has plenty of her own problems.
Mary has never let me drive her car.
Mary has never heard of me, has she?
Mary has made her share of mistakes.
Mary has lost sight in her left eye.
Mary has lost her job and her house.
Mary has lived here her entire life.
Mary has just had her teeth cleaned.
Mary has gotten her confidence back.
Mary has got to sort it out herself.
Mary has enough problems of her own.
Mary has cut off one of her fingers.
Mary has complete faith in her boss.
Mary has assured me she'll be there.
Mary has already finished her lunch.
Mary has a right to her own opinion.
Mary has a lot of books in her room.
Mary has a few tattoos, doesn't she?
Mary had something else on her mind.
Mary had no idea what she was doing.
Mary had her wisdom teeth taken out.
Mary had her eyes checked last week.
Mary had a worried look on her face.
Mary had a stunned look on her face.
Mary had a slight smile on her face.
Mary had a puzzled look on her face.
Mary had a look of hope on her face.
Mary had a copy of her car key made.
Mary had a copy made of her car key.
Mary had a bandage on her left hand.
Mary greeted her guests at the door.
Mary got you in trouble, didn't she?
Mary got some money from her father.
Mary got into her car and drove off.
Mary goes swimming whenever she can.
Mary glanced in her rearview mirror.
Mary gave her seat to the old woman.
Mary gave half her money to charity.
Mary found a surprise in her locker.
Mary found a need and she filled it.
Mary forgot her umbrella on the bus.
Mary forgot her umbrella in her car.
Mary figured that she could do that.
Mary figured she couldn't afford it.
Mary felt the cold rain on her face.
Mary felt she needed to make amends.
Mary feels that she's ready to play.
Mary expects me to help her do that.
Mary eats breakfast with her mother.
Mary earned her doctorate in Boston.
Mary drove her children to the pool.
Mary dropped her phone in the water.
Mary dropped her phone and broke it.
Mary dropped her kids off at school.
Mary doesn't want to clean her room.
Mary doesn't want her picture taken.
Mary doesn't think it was her fault.
Mary doesn't seem so busy, does she?
Mary doesn't know where she's going.
Mary does everything we tell her to.
Mary died on her thirtieth birthday.
Mary died during her stay in Boston.
Mary died before she hit the ground.
Mary didn't want to live on her own.
Mary didn't want to leave her house.
Mary didn't want to go, but she did.
Mary didn't want to call her lawyer.
Mary didn't want anybody to see her.
Mary didn't think she would make it.
Mary didn't think she could do that.
Mary didn't tell anyone who she was.
Mary didn't specify what she wanted.
Mary didn't pay her rent last month.
Mary didn't need to go, but she did.
Mary didn't mention what she'd done.
Mary didn't make her position clear.
Mary didn't let me in on her secret.
Mary didn't know she'd hurt anybody.
Mary didn't have to raise her voice.
Mary didn't even know where she was.
Mary didn't deserve to lose her job.
Mary didn't deny she didn't do that.
Mary did what she'd been told to do.
Mary did what she promised she'd do.
Mary did the job the best she could.
Mary did just as she was instructed.
Mary did it as quickly as she could.
Mary did her homework before dinner.
Mary did her best with what she had.
Mary did everything we asked of her.
Mary deserves the salary we pay her.
Mary denies the charges against her.
Mary denies she did that on purpose.
Mary denied she had stolen anything.
Mary dedicated her life to teaching.
Mary decided that she would do that.
Mary cut her sister a piece of cake.
Mary currently lives with her uncle.
Mary crossed something off her list.
Mary cried when she heard the story.
Mary covered her eyes with one hand.
Mary couldn't remember her password.
Mary couldn't find her key anywhere.
Mary couldn't find her contact lens.
Mary couldn't believe her good luck.
Mary could have anything she wanted.
Mary could feel the sun on her neck.
Mary could feel the sun on her face.
Mary closed the door of her bedroom.
Mary cleaned out her bedroom closet.
Mary cleaned her room before dinner.
Mary claims she had second thoughts.
Mary claimed she'd been brainwashed.
Mary changed the locks on her doors.
Mary canceled her hotel reservation.
Mary can't read without her glasses.
Mary can't get her computer to work.
Mary can already write her own name.
Mary came to Australia as a teacher.
Mary came home and did her homework.
Mary came downstairs in her pajamas.
Mary called to say she's on her way.
Mary brushed the snow from her coat.
Mary brushed the dirt off her jeans.
Mary brought her guests some drinks.
Mary bought new laces for her shoes.
Mary bought a gift for her daughter.
Mary borrowed money from her family.
Mary blamed her failure on bad luck.
Mary blamed everyone except herself.
Mary bent down and touched her toes.
Mary believes her life is in danger.
Mary banged the table with her fist.
Mary baked her teacher some cookies.
Mary ate all that she wanted to eat.
Mary asked the stranger who she was.
Mary asked me why I didn't like her.
Mary asked me where she should park.
Mary asked me to stay away from her.
Mary asked me to lend her my pencil.
Mary asked me to carry her suitcase.
Mary asked her boss for a pay raise.
Mary and her husband have separated.
Mary and her husband adopted a girl.
Mary and her father were both there.
Mary always shouts when she's angry.
Mary always has to have her own way.
Mary always had a smile on her face.
Mary always drinks her coffee black.
Mary always did her best to help me.
Mary always complains about her job.
Mary always carries a book with her.
Mary allowed me to use her computer.
Mary admitted that she wasn't brave.
Mary admitted that she was troubled.
Mary admitted that she was homeless.
Mary admitted that she was famished.
Mary admitted that she was divorced.
Mary admitted that it was her fault.
Mary admitted she agreed to do that.
Mary acted like she knew everything.
Mary acted as if she didn't know us.
Mary wrote a book about her family.
Mary wouldn't say how her dog died.
Mary wouldn't let me into her room.
Mary wouldn't let me drive her car.
Mary would never hurt her children.
Mary would do that if she had time.
Mary won't eat anything I give her.
Mary won't do that again, will she?
Mary won't allow dogs in her house.
Mary wishes she were a millionaire.
Mary wiped her feet on the doormat.
Mary will probably change her mind.
Mary will have to do it by herself.
Mary will be scolded by her father.
Mary will be back on her feet soon.
Mary went to the park with her dog.
Mary went to Australia, didn't she?
Mary went shopping with her family.
Mary wasn't able to find her shoes.
Mary washes her hands all the time.
Mary was very stubborn, wasn't she?
Mary was very reckless, wasn't she?
Mary was very friendly, wasn't she?
Mary was unsure what she should do.
Mary was surrounded by her friends.
Mary was stunned by what she heard.
Mary was starting to doubt herself.
Mary was reluctant, but she agreed.
Mary was raised by her grandfather.
Mary was in her office all morning.
Mary was early for her appointment.
Mary was disrespectful, wasn't she?
Mary was afraid she'd lost her key.
Mary was afraid she might be fired.
Mary wanted to win, but she didn't.
Mary wanted to do her job properly.
Mary walked her dogs every morning.
Mary used to win a lot, didn't she?
Mary urged her horse into a gallop.
Mary tried to hide her nervousness.
Mary tried to cover up her mistake.
Mary tried to control her emotions.
Mary tried her best not to be late.
Mary took off her gardening gloves.
Mary took her children to the park.
Mary took everything to her office.
Mary told me to get out of her van.
Mary told me that she's frightened.
Mary told me that she'd try to win.
Mary told me that she'd look at it.
Mary told me that she'd likely cry.
Mary told me that she wouldn't win.
Mary told me that she wouldn't cry.
Mary told me that she wasn't upset.
Mary told me that she wasn't tired.
Mary told me that she wasn't happy.
Mary told me that she wasn't bored.
Mary told me that she wasn't angry.
Mary told me that she wasn't alone.
Mary told me that she was worn out.
Mary told me that she was unbiased.
Mary told me that she was unafraid.
Mary told me that she was mistaken.
Mary told me that she was homeless.
Mary told me that she was grateful.
Mary told me that she was flexible.
Mary told me that she was finished.
Mary told me that she was famished.
Mary told me that she was agnostic.
Mary told me that she was a doctor.
Mary told me that she was Canadian.
Mary told me that she wants to win.
Mary told me that she wants to die.
Mary told me that she wanted to go.
Mary told me that she tried to win.
Mary told me that she needed space.
Mary told me that she needed money.
Mary told me that she isn't hungry.
Mary told me that she had to split.
Mary told me that she had to leave.
Mary told me that she had no money.
Mary told me that she felt seasick.
Mary told me that she didn't smoke.
Mary told me that she didn't do it.
Mary told me that she didn't agree.
Mary told me that she could fix it.
Mary told me that she ate too much.
Mary told me she'd visit Australia.
Mary told me she'd go to Australia.
Mary told me she would sort it out.
Mary told me she was uncomfortable.
Mary told me she visited Australia.
Mary told me she grew up in Boston.
Mary told me she enjoyed the drive.
Mary told me she doesn't want that.
Mary told me she did nothing wrong.
Mary told me she can't eat peanuts.
Mary told me she called the police.
Mary told me I was her only friend.
Mary told everyone she was thirsty.
Mary told everyone she was starved.
Mary told everyone she was retired.
Mary told everyone she was pleased.
Mary told everyone she was nervous.
Mary told everyone she was jealous.
Mary told everybody she was sleepy.
Mary told everybody she was scared.
Mary told everybody she was lonely.
Mary told everybody she was afraid.
Mary told all her friends the news.
Mary thought that she heard a shot.
Mary thought that I'd let her down.
Mary thought she might be able win.
Mary thought her house was haunted.
Mary thinks that she's a good cook.
Mary thinks that she got a bargain.
Mary thinks that she could do that.
Mary thinks that her leg is broken.
Mary thinks she's found the answer.
Mary thinks she's being reasonable.
Mary thinks she got a good bargain.
Mary thinks she can save the world.
Mary tells me you're her assistant.
Mary teaches French to her friends.
Mary taught French to her children.
Mary swore that she'd quit smoking.
Mary stuck her head out the window.
Mary stuck her fingers in her ears.
Mary stopped taking her medication.
Mary stood in line with her father.
Mary stole money from her roommate.
Mary still plays golf, doesn't she?
Mary still hasn't cleaned her room.
Mary stayed in her room by herself.
Mary started packing her things up.
Mary squatted down next to her dog.
Mary spent her summer on the beach.
Mary spent her childhood in Boston.
Mary speaks French to her teachers.
Mary soon realized she was trapped.
Mary sometimes eats in her bedroom.
Mary slid her guitar under her bed.
Mary slammed her fist on the table.
Mary should've kept her mouth shut.
Mary should know better at her age.
Mary should have her eyes examined.
Mary shares a room with her sister.
Mary shared a room with her sister.
Mary seemed to want me to help her.
Mary searched her bag for a pencil.
Mary scratched the back of her leg.
Mary says that's her favorite book.
Mary says that she's ready to help.
Mary says she's too tired to study.
Mary says she's never milked a cow.
Mary says she's good at doing that.
Mary says she's feeling very tired.
Mary says she's even eaten insects.
Mary says she's done nothing wrong.
Mary says she'll never leave early.
Mary says she'll never do it again.
Mary says she wants to settle down.
Mary says she saw a UFO last night.
Mary says she really likes it here.
Mary says she plays the drums well.
Mary says she never locks her door.
Mary says she has other priorities.
Mary says she didn't have a lawyer.
Mary says she did it for the money.
Mary says she definitely won't win.
Mary says she can't wait that long.
Mary says she can't go any further.
Mary says she already feels better.
Mary says her stomach doesn't hurt.
Mary sat down next to her daughter.
Mary said what she intended to say.
Mary said that you were her friend.
Mary said that she's ready to help.
Mary said that she's quit drinking.
Mary said that she's in Boston now.
Mary said that she's been forgiven.
Mary said that she'll visit Boston.
Mary said that she'll probably win.
Mary said that she'll probably cry.
Mary said that she'll do that soon.
Mary said that she'd never seen it.
Mary said that she'd never do that.
Mary said that she'd leave at 2:30.
Mary said that she'd fly to Boston.
Mary said that she'd do that later.
Mary said that she'd do that again.
Mary said that she'd do it herself.
Mary said that she'd call tomorrow.
Mary said that she'd been betrayed.
Mary said that she'd be right over.
Mary said that she'd be right back.
Mary said that she'd be ready soon.
Mary said that she would come back.
Mary said that she won't go ashore.
Mary said that she wasn't to blame.
Mary said that she wasn't prepared.
Mary said that she wasn't finished.
Mary said that she wasn't Canadian.
Mary said that she was very scared.
Mary said that she was very amused.
Mary said that she was really sick.
Mary said that she was really rich.
Mary said that she was really poor.
Mary said that she was really cold.
Mary said that she was really busy.
Mary said that she was pessimistic.
Mary said that she was over thirty.
Mary said that she was from Boston.
Mary said that she was feeling bad.
Mary said that she was disoriented.
Mary said that she was coming back.
Mary said that she was comfortable.
Mary said that she was an agnostic.
Mary said that she was a bit tired.
Mary said that she wants to retire.
Mary said that she wanted to leave.
Mary said that she wanted a lawyer.
Mary said that she needed our help.
Mary said that she needed a change.
Mary said that she may not do that.
Mary said that she loved chocolate.
Mary said that she lost her temper.
Mary said that she likes good wine.
Mary said that she liked the party.
Mary said that she liked the movie.
Mary said that she knows the rules.
Mary said that she knew who did it.
Mary said that she knew what to do.
Mary said that she knew how to win.
Mary said that she knew how I felt.
Mary said that she kept doing that.
Mary said that she isn't buying it.
Mary said that she intended to win.
Mary said that she hated this book.
Mary said that she had the day off.
Mary said that she found something.
Mary said that she felt vulnerable.
Mary said that she felt very tired.
Mary said that she felt very happy.
Mary said that she felt threatened.
Mary said that she felt persecuted.
Mary said that she felt invincible.
Mary said that she felt humiliated.
Mary said that she felt frustrated.
Mary said that she didn't know you.
Mary said that she didn't know why.
Mary said that she didn't feel hot.
Mary said that she didn't eat meat.
Mary said that she did that for us.
Mary said that she cried every day.
Mary said that she cried all night.
Mary said that she couldn't recall.
Mary said that she could handle it.
Mary said that she broke the glass.
Mary said that her hands were cold.
Mary said that doesn't concern her.
Mary said that I can ride with her.
Mary said she's willing to do this.
Mary said she's ready for the test.
Mary said she's only tried it once.
Mary said she's glad you're coming.
Mary said she's fascinated by that.
Mary said she's been robbed before.
Mary said she'll never leave early.
Mary said she'd pick me up at 2:30.
Mary said she'd pay for the dinner.
Mary said she'd never hurt anybody.
Mary said she'd have to reschedule.
Mary said she'd clean up this mess.
Mary said she wouldn't do it again.
Mary said she would do that for us.
Mary said she would do that for me.
Mary said she wished she were rich.
Mary said she wasn't likely to cry.
Mary said she was tired of waiting.
Mary said she was much happier now.
Mary said she was in Australia now.
Mary said she was happy to see you.
Mary said she was done for the day.
Mary said she was a little nervous.
Mary said she wants to buy a yacht.
Mary said she wants her money back.
Mary said she wanted us to do that.
Mary said she thought we could win.
Mary said she thought I'm charming.
Mary said she thought I looked sad.
Mary said she thought I looked fit.
Mary said she saw a lion yesterday.
Mary said she saw a UFO last night.
Mary said she paid $in advance.
Mary said she likes to help others.
Mary said she knew that how to win.
Mary said she knew that how I felt.
Mary said she hopes it'll happen soon.
Mary said she hopes you'll do that.
Mary said she heard a lot of shots.
Mary said she had a wonderful time.
Mary said she grew up in Australia.
Mary said she felt very humiliated.
Mary said she felt like an outcast.
Mary said she felt a little stupid.
Mary said she felt a little guilty.
Mary said she doesn't hunt anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to fight.
Mary said she didn't want to argue.
Mary said she didn't smoke anymore.
Mary said she didn't play baseball.
Mary said she didn't like baseball.
Mary said she didn't find it funny.
Mary said she didn't feel anything.
Mary said she did it the wrong way.
Mary said she couldn't do anything.
Mary said she always carried a gun.
Mary said her schedule will change.
Mary said her schedule has changed.
Mary said her job was a lot of fun.
Mary said her house wasn't damaged.
Mary said her conscience was clear.
Mary said goodnight to her parents.
Mary resembles her mother somewhat.
Mary repeated what she'd just said.
Mary refuses to eat her vegetables.
Mary refused to let me in her room.
Mary refused to give me her recipe.
Mary realizes she's made a mistake.
Mary realized that she was trapped.
Mary realized she was going to die.
Mary realized she ought to do that.
Mary reached for her glass of milk.
Mary ran her hand through her hair.
Mary raised her children in Boston.
Mary put the binoculars in her bag.
Mary put on her sweater inside out.
Mary put off her trip to Australia.
Mary put her toys into the toy box.
Mary put her cup down on the table.
Mary put her backpack on the table.
Mary put her T-shirt on inside out.
Mary put all her money in the safe.
Mary punched the air with her fist.
Mary promised you that, didn't she?
Mary promised she'd clean her room.
Mary poured herself another scotch.
Mary pounded her fists on the desk.
Mary pledged her continued support.
Mary placed her hand over the lens.
Mary pitched her tent next to mine.
Mary picked her hat off the ground.
Mary passed her French examination.
Mary paid off her credit card debt.
Mary paid attention to her teacher.
Mary packed her suitcases and left.
Mary opened the door to her office.
Mary opened her mouth to interrupt.
Mary only did half of her homework.
Mary often swears when she's angry.
Mary often forgets to pay her rent.
Mary often complains about her job.
Mary never told me she was engaged.
Mary never stands up to her father.
Mary never lost her sense of humor.
Mary never left her room yesterday.
Mary never forgets to pay her rent.
Mary never did finish her homework.
Mary never complains about her job.
Mary never admits that she's wrong.
Mary needs to sell her other house.
Mary needs to change her lifestyle.
Mary must've forgotten her promise.
Mary must still be in her thirties.
Mary must be going out of her mind.
Mary may talk to whoever she wants.
Mary may have everything she wants.
Mary makes enough to pay her bills.
Mary made this bookcase by herself.
Mary made her position quite clear.
Mary loves her children, of course.
Mary lost the key to her dorm room.
Mary lost my respect when she quit.
Mary lost her sight in an accident.
Mary lost her job three months ago.
Mary lost her flashlight yesterday.
Mary looks nothing like her sister.
Mary looks like she's discontented.
Mary looks like she has a headache.
Mary looked through her binoculars.
Mary looked like she was uncertain.
Mary looked like she was terrified.
Mary looked like she was reluctant.
Mary looked like she was plastered.
Mary looked like she was motivated.
Mary looked like she was horrified.
Mary looked like she was delighted.
Mary looked down at her broken leg.
Mary lives by herself in Australia.
Mary lived half her life in Boston.
Mary lied about her job experience.
Mary let us know she would do that.
Mary let us know she needs do that.
Mary let us know she could do that.
Mary let me know she would do that.
Mary let me know she needs do that.
Mary let me know she could do that.
Mary let her dog loose in the yard.
Mary left her sunglasses in my car.
Mary left her son alone in the car.
Mary left her keys in the ignition.
Mary left her entire estate to you.
Mary laid her racket on the ground.
Mary lacks experience, doesn't she?
Mary knows what she's getting into.
Mary knows that she's been lied to.
Mary knows that she made a mistake.
Mary knows that I'm older than her.
Mary knows she's really screwed up.
Mary knows she's a terrible dancer.
Mary knows she has to do something.
Mary knows I wanted to go with her.
Mary knew who was inside her house.
Mary knew where she'd put her keys.
Mary knew she wouldn't be replaced.
Mary knew she wouldn't be expelled.
Mary knew she wouldn't be arrested.
Mary knew she needed to leave town.
Mary knew she had no time to spare.
Mary knew she couldn't be replaced.
Mary kissed her children goodnight.
Mary kicked the snow off her boots.
Mary kept her true identity secret.
Mary keeps her bedroom door locked.
Mary just got her learner's permit.
Mary isn't very courageous, is she?
Mary isn't sure what she did wrong.
Mary isn't supposed to eat, is she?
Mary isn't stupid. She's just lazy.
Mary isn't so conservative, is she?
Mary isn't like the others, is she?
Mary isn't like her sister, is she?
Mary isn't happy with this, is she?
Mary isn't going to sell her house.
Mary isn't ashamed of what she did.
Mary isn't as fast as she once was.
Mary is younger than me, isn't she?
Mary is writing a novel, isn't she?
Mary is worried about her children.
Mary is working on that, isn't she?
Mary is working on her third album.
Mary is with her mother, isn't she?
Mary is with a customer, isn't she?
Mary is wiser than I am, isn't she?
Mary is willing to wait, isn't she?
Mary is willing to talk, isn't she?
Mary is well liked by her students.
Mary is wearing her soccer uniform.
Mary is watching TV now, isn't she?
Mary is waiting outside, isn't she?
Mary is waiting for you, isn't she?
Mary is waiting at home, isn't she?
Mary is visiting Boston, isn't she?
Mary is very suspicious, isn't she?
Mary is very supportive, isn't she?
Mary is very stingy with her money.
Mary is very proud of her students.
Mary is very proud of her daughter.
Mary is very optimistic, isn't she?
Mary is very good at it, isn't she?
Mary is very frugal with her money.
Mary is very dedicated to her work.
Mary is very convincing, isn't she?
Mary is very busy today, isn't she?
Mary is upstairs in bed, isn't she?
Mary is upset right now, isn't she?
Mary is up to something, isn't she?
Mary is up to her old tricks again.
Mary is trying to sell her old car.
Mary is trying to protect her kids.
Mary is trying her best, isn't she?
Mary is traveling with her parents.
Mary is too generous with her time.
Mary is the youngest in her family.
Mary is teaching French, isn't she?
Mary is taller than you, isn't she?
Mary is talking in her sleep again.
Mary is supposed to be in her room.
Mary is studying French, isn't she?
Mary is still very busy, isn't she?
Mary is still unmarried, isn't she?
Mary is still under age, isn't she?
Mary is still undecided, isn't she?
Mary is still too young, isn't she?
Mary is still skeptical, isn't she?
Mary is still not finished, is she?
Mary is still listening, isn't she?
Mary is still in school, isn't she?
Mary is still in prison, isn't she?
Mary is still in danger, isn't she?
Mary is still depressed, isn't she?
Mary is still at school, isn't she?
Mary is still a teacher, isn't she?
Mary is still a student, isn't she?
Mary is staying with her relatives.
Mary is so fat she can hardly walk.
Mary is sitting at her usual table.
Mary is sick, so she can't do that.
Mary is shorter than me, isn't she?
Mary is scared to death, isn't she?
Mary is right this time, isn't she?
Mary is right behind me, isn't she?
Mary is retired already, isn't she?
Mary is recovering from her wounds.
Mary is really gullible, isn't she?
Mary is really good with her hands.
Mary is really confused, isn't she?
Mary is really annoying, isn't she?
Mary is ready to go now, isn't she?
Mary is reading a book in her room.
Mary is quite versatile, isn't she?
Mary is quite outspoken, isn't she?
Mary is quite organized, isn't she?
Mary is quite forgetful, isn't she?
Mary is quite eccentric, isn't she?
Mary is quite assertive, isn't she?
Mary is probably still in her room.
Mary is probably alone in her room.
Mary is pretty creative, isn't she?
Mary is playing with her toy truck.
Mary is playing outside, isn't she?
Mary is playing guitar in her room.
Mary is playing fetch with her dog.
Mary is playing catch with her son.
Mary is planning a trip, isn't she?
Mary is picky about what she wears.
Mary is partially right, isn't she?
Mary is paid to do that, isn't she?
Mary is out front honking her horn.
Mary is only a beginner, isn't she?
Mary is on her way to the hospital.
Mary is on her way home, isn't she?
Mary is on duty tonight, isn't she?
Mary is older than I am, isn't she?
Mary is now the manager, isn't she?
Mary is now taller than her mother.
Mary is now on vacation, isn't she?
Mary is never going to win, is she?
Mary is nearly finished, isn't she?
Mary is much better now, isn't she?
Mary is making progress, isn't she?
Mary is majoring in art, isn't she?
Mary is loading the car, isn't she?
Mary is living here now, isn't she?
Mary is like her mother, isn't she?
Mary is leaving at 2:30, isn't she?
Mary is learning French, isn't she?
Mary is kind of strange, isn't she?
Mary is just a beginner, isn't she?
Mary is in trouble. She needs help.
Mary is in the bathroom, isn't she?
Mary is in the basement, isn't she?
Mary is in the audience, isn't she?
Mary is in real trouble, isn't she?
Mary is in her thirties, isn't she?
Mary is in her room now, isn't she?
Mary is in her office working late.
Mary is in her office on the phone.
Mary is in Boston with her parents.
Mary is holding a baby in her arms.
Mary is here to help us, isn't she?
Mary is headed this way, isn't she?
Mary is hard to talk to, isn't she?
Mary is hard to impress, isn't she?
Mary is hard of hearing, isn't she?
Mary is happy with her new bicycle.
Mary is happily married, isn't she?
Mary is good at singing, isn't she?
Mary is good at her job, isn't she?
Mary is good at driving, isn't she?
Mary is good at drawing, isn't she?
Mary is good at cooking, isn't she?
Mary is good at biology, isn't she?
Mary is going to try it, isn't she?
Mary is going to say no, isn't she?
Mary is going to resign, isn't she?
Mary is going to prison, isn't she?
Mary is going to escape, isn't she?
Mary is going to do it her own way.
Mary is going to be mad, isn't she?
Mary is going to Boston, isn't she?
Mary is going back home, isn't she?
Mary is getting rid of her old car.
Mary is getting ready for her trip.
Mary is getting married, isn't she?
Mary is getting behind in her work.
Mary is feeling good about herself.
Mary is fairly reliable, isn't she?
Mary is fairly certain she can win.
Mary is extremely proud of her son.
Mary is easy to talk to, isn't she?
Mary is easy to impress, isn't she?
Mary is doing what she loves to do.
Mary is doing what she can to help.
Mary is doing what she always does.
Mary is doing very well, isn't she?
Mary is doing something, isn't she?
Mary is doing all right, isn't she?
Mary is doing OK so far, isn't she?
Mary is determined to have her way.
Mary is deaf in one ear, isn't she?
Mary is dating somebody, isn't she?
Mary is counting on you, isn't she?
Mary is convinced that she's right.
Mary is confident about her future.
Mary is concerned about her safety.
Mary is concerned about her health.
Mary is concerned about her future.
Mary is coming with you, isn't she?
Mary is coming tomorrow, isn't she?
Mary is close to thirty, isn't she?
Mary is better than she used to be.
Mary is behind schedule, isn't she?
Mary is asleep upstairs, isn't she?
Mary is as talkative as her father.
Mary is as good as she's ever been.
Mary is an engineer now, isn't she?
Mary is an archeologist, isn't she?
Mary is always prepared, isn't she?
Mary is always losing her umbrella.
Mary is always friendly, isn't she?
Mary is always confused, isn't she?
Mary is always cheerful, isn't she?
Mary is already married, isn't she?
Mary is already engaged, isn't she?
Mary is already at home, isn't she?
Mary is almost never wrong, is she?
Mary is almost finished, isn't she?
Mary is able to do that, isn't she?
Mary is a terrible liar, isn't she?
Mary is a terrible cook, isn't she?
Mary is a soccer player, isn't she?
Mary is a smooth talker, isn't she?
Mary is a schoolteacher, isn't she?
Mary is a quick learner, isn't she?
Mary is a piano teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a musician like her father.
Mary is a music teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a light sleeper, isn't she?
Mary is a hypochondriac, isn't she?
Mary is a heavy sleeper, isn't she?
Mary is a good neighbor, isn't she?
Mary is a good musician, isn't she?
Mary is a good listener, isn't she?
Mary is a good customer, isn't she?
Mary is a control freak, isn't she?
Mary is a bit of a snob, isn't she?
Mary is a bit conceited, isn't she?
Mary is a ballet dancer, isn't she?
Mary is a French teacher in Boston.
Mary is a Boston native, isn't she?
Mary invites me to all her parties.
Mary invited her friends to dinner.
Mary insisted that she acted alone.
Mary hired someone to cook for her.
Mary hid the money in her basement.
Mary hid the book under her pillow.
Mary helps her dad out on the farm.
Mary helped her mother cook dinner.
Mary held out her cup for a refill.
Mary hasn't washed her car in ages.
Mary hasn't said what she might do.
Mary hasn't finished her lunch yet.
Mary has to make her own decisions.
Mary has three tickets in her hand.
Mary has submitted her resignation.
Mary has several scars on her arms.
Mary has put her house up for sale.
Mary has made her intentions clear.
Mary has lived here her whole life.
Mary has learned from her mistakes.
Mary has her sweater on inside out.
Mary has handed in her resignation.
Mary has had her license suspended.
Mary has found herself a boyfriend.
Mary has finished eating her lunch.
Mary has fallen behind in her work.
Mary has done her homework already.
Mary has decided to sell her house.
Mary has assured me she'll do that.
Mary has already made her decision.
Mary has already done her homework.
Mary has a scratch on her forehead.
Mary has a mole under her left eye.
Mary has a good voice, doesn't she?
Mary has a few cards up her sleeve.
Mary has a bruise on her right leg.
Mary had to pay her rent yesterday.
Mary had to have her leg amputated.
Mary had some tricks up her sleeve.
Mary had one of her legs amputated.
Mary had her sweater on inside out.
Mary had her kids paint the garage.
Mary had her car stolen last month.
Mary had her T-shirt on inside out.
Mary had bruises all over her body.
Mary had a stupid grin on her face.
Mary had a scared look on her face.
Mary had a ladle in her right hand.
Mary had a bandage on her forehead.
Mary grinds her teeth in her sleep.
Mary grabbed her backpack and left.
Mary got on her bike and rode away.
Mary got in her car and started it.
Mary got in her car and drove away.
Mary got exactly what she deserved.
Mary got an A on her spelling test.
Mary gets to do whatever she wants.
Mary gave it to me before she died.
Mary gave her teachers a hard time.
Mary gave her dog something to eat.
Mary gave $to each of her sons.
Mary frequently talks in her sleep.
Mary found out about it on her own.
Mary found her new job interesting.
Mary forgot to set her alarm clock.
Mary forged her mother's signature.
Mary forged her father's signature.
Mary finished packing her suitcase.
Mary finished her homework quickly.
Mary felt that she was getting old.
Mary felt like she'd been betrayed.
Mary felt her heart beating faster.
Mary feeds table scraps to her dog.
Mary enjoyed her stay in Australia.
Mary earns her living as a teacher.
Mary dropped her son off at school.
Mary dreamed that she was dreaming.
Mary doesn't want to sell her land.
Mary doesn't want to sell her farm.
Mary doesn't talk to her neighbors.
Mary doesn't remember her password.
Mary doesn't plan to go by herself.
Mary doesn't look like she's happy.
Mary doesn't like apples, does she?
Mary doesn't know I don't like her.
Mary doesn't have any money on her.
Mary doesn't have a clue, does she?
Mary doesn't care about her grades.
Mary disguised herself as a priest.
Mary died at her home in Australia.
Mary didn't want to sell her house.
Mary didn't want to go to her room.
Mary didn't want her picture taken.
Mary didn't think she had a choice.
Mary didn't tell me where she went.
Mary didn't much like what she saw.
Mary didn't know where her pen was.
Mary didn't know where her car was.
Mary didn't keep her promise to me.
Mary didn't invite me to her party.
Mary didn't do so well on her test.
Mary didn't dare to open her mouth.
Mary didn't care if she won or not.
Mary did whatever she wanted to do.
Mary did what I expected her to do.
Mary devoted herself to her family.
Mary denied she'd stolen the money.
Mary decided to do that by herself.
Mary dangled her feet in the water.
Mary crushed the box with her foot.
Mary couldn't hide her frustration.
Mary couldn't get her car to start.
Mary couldn't control her emotions.
Mary couldn't believe what she saw.
Mary couldn't believe her bad luck.
Mary could read when she was three.
Mary could no longer hide her fear.
Mary could hardly believe her luck.
Mary could hardly believe her eyes.
Mary could hardly believe her ears.
Mary could go home if she wants to.
Mary confessed that she was afraid.
Mary complains about her job a lot.
Mary complained that her back hurt.
Mary comes and goes as she pleases.
Mary clearly had a lot on her mind.
Mary cleaned her room this morning.
Mary cleaned her room last weekend.
Mary claims she has psychic powers.
Mary claims she can see the future.
Mary claimed that she didn't do it.
Mary changes her mind all the time.
Mary changed the sheets on her bed.
Mary chained her bicycle to a tree.
Mary certainly thinks she's clever.
Mary can't seem to access her data.
Mary can't see without her glasses.
Mary can't go to Australia, either.
Mary can stay with us if she likes.
Mary can ski as well as her sister.
Mary can say what she wants to say.
Mary can rest as long as she wants.
Mary came as soon as we called her.
Mary burned all of her possessions.
Mary brushed the snow off her coat.
Mary brought her sister to meet me.
Mary broke her arm three weeks ago.
Mary bought herself a new computer.
Mary bought her children some toys.
Mary bought a shawl for her mother.
Mary behaved as if she were insane.
Mary backed into her parking space.
Mary ate all her meals in her room.
Mary asked me to come to her house.
Mary announced her decision Monday.
Mary and her staff can manage that.
Mary and her family live in Boston.
Mary always leaves her computer on.
Mary always keeps her appointments.
Mary admitted that she's done that.
Mary admitted that she'd been rude.
Mary admitted that she wasn't rich.
Mary admitted that she was starved.
Mary admitted that she was selfish.
Mary admitted that she was married.
Mary admitted that she was baffled.
Mary admitted that she was a thief.
Mary admitted she'd been dishonest.
Mary admitted she wasn't impartial.
Mary admitted she was undependable.
Mary admitted she was disorganized.
Mary admitted she was disappointed.
Mary admitted she hadn't been fair.
Mary admitted she forged the check.
Mary admitted she broke the window.
Mary acted as if she heard nothing.
Mary's older than she says she is.
Mary's locked herself in her room.
Mary zipped up her leather jacket.
Mary wouldn't let anyone help her.
Mary would've kept her mouth shut.
Mary won't tell anybody, will she?
Mary won't leave her dog with you.
Mary won't do that here, will she?
Mary wiped her hands on her jeans.
Mary will do it when she comes in.
Mary wet her lips with her tongue.
Mary went upstairs to her bedroom.
Mary went to Australia by herself.
Mary wasn't wearing her seat belt.
Mary wasn't able to start her car.
Mary washes her car every morning.
Mary washed the dirt off her face.
Mary washed herself in the stream.
Mary was your teacher, wasn't she?
Mary was worried about her health.
Mary was worried about her grades.
Mary was very unhappy, wasn't she?
Mary was very patient, wasn't she?
Mary was unable to hide her tears.
Mary was sound asleep in her room.
Mary was reunited with her father.
Mary was late for her appointment.
Mary was killed by her own father.
Mary was in her bedroom, studying.
Mary was here earlier, wasn't she?
Mary was disappointed, wasn't she?
Mary was at the party, wasn't she?
Mary was asleep when she was shot.
Mary was able to get her job back.
Mary was abandoned by her parents.
Mary wants us to help her do that.
Mary wants pepperoni on her pizza.
Mary wanted to wear her new shoes.
Mary wanted to talk to her lawyer.
Mary wanted to protect her family.
Mary walked out into her backyard.
Mary usually eats her lunch alone.
Mary used a towel to dry her hair.
Mary tried to recover her balance.
Mary tried to impress her friends.
Mary tried to hold back her tears.
Mary tried to hide her excitement.
Mary tried to fasten her seatbelt.
Mary tried her best to look happy.
Mary took the ring off her finger.
Mary took over her father's store.
Mary took off her shoes and socks.
Mary took off her coat and gloves.
Mary took her shoes and socks off.
Mary took her reading glasses off.
Mary took her coat and gloves off.
Mary took her children to the zoo.
Mary took care of her sick mother.
Mary took care of her grandfather.
Mary took a big gulp of her drink.
Mary told the judge she was sorry.
Mary told me to tell you she's OK.
Mary told me that she's terrified.
Mary told me that she's irritated.
Mary told me that she'd walk home.
Mary told me that she'd try again.
Mary told me that she'd stay home.
Mary told me that she'd been sick.
Mary told me that she'd been busy.
Mary told me that she wasn't sure.
Mary told me that she wasn't sick.
Mary told me that she wasn't busy.
Mary told me that she was wounded.
Mary told me that she was working.
Mary told me that she was wealthy.
Mary told me that she was unhappy.
Mary told me that she was psyched.
Mary told me that she was healthy.
Mary told me that she was annoyed.
Mary told me that she walked home.
Mary told me that she plans to go.
Mary told me that she may do that.
Mary told me that she liked pizza.
Mary told me that she had a knife.
Mary told me that she felt hungry.
Mary told me that she felt better.
Mary told me that she didn't know.
Mary told me that she could do it.
Mary told me she's just done that.
Mary told me she's doing that now.
Mary told me she'll join us later.
Mary told me she'd lost her watch.
Mary told me she'd do it tomorrow.
Mary told me she'd been suspended.
Mary told me she'd be cooperative.
Mary told me she would leave soon.
Mary told me she would come again.
Mary told me she was in Australia.
Mary told me she was disorganized.
Mary told me she was discontented.
Mary told me she was conservative.
Mary told me she was appreciative.
Mary told me she was ambidextrous.
Mary told me she needed some cash.
Mary told me she enjoyed the view.
Mary told me she couldn't breathe.
Mary told me she appreciated that.
Mary told me all about her family.
Mary told me I could use her room.
Mary told everyone she was sleepy.
Mary told everyone she was scared.
Mary told everyone she was lonely.
Mary told everyone she was afraid.
Mary told everybody she was upset.
Mary told everybody she was tired.
Mary told everybody she was ready.
Mary told everybody she was broke.
Mary told everybody she was bored.
Mary threw her old notebooks away.
Mary thought that she was a goner.
Mary thought she was going to die.
Mary thought she must be mistaken.
Mary thought her parents had died.
Mary thinks that she's invincible.
Mary thinks that she's infallible.
Mary thinks that she's a big shot.
Mary thinks that she knows it all.
Mary thinks she's smarter than me.
Mary thinks she understands women.
Mary thinks of no one but herself.
Mary testified in her own defense.
Mary taught French to her friends.
Mary talked to me about her plans.
Mary takes her job very seriously.
Mary takes good care of her horse.
Mary suddenly rose from her chair.
Mary stole money from her friends.
Mary still can't use her left arm.
Mary stayed single her whole life.
Mary started to pack up her stuff.
Mary started to empty her pockets.
Mary started taking off her shoes.
Mary started taking her shoes off.
Mary started strumming her guitar.
Mary started packing her suitcase.
Mary started packing her backpack.
Mary sprained her wrist on Monday.
Mary sprained her ankle yesterday.
Mary sprained her ankle on Monday.
Mary spilled her drink on herself.
Mary spent all her life in Boston.
Mary spends all her time studying.
Mary sometimes walks in her sleep.
Mary sometimes talks in her sleep.
Mary sold her car three weeks ago.
Mary slapped her knee and laughed.
Mary slammed her door really hard.
Mary sits at her computer all day.
Mary showed her photo album to me.
Mary should've never quit her job.
Mary should've let me talk to her.
Mary should've filled up her tank.
Mary should start her own company.
Mary set her alarm clock for 2:30.
Mary says that's where she put it.
Mary says that she intends to win.
Mary says that she hates to study.
Mary says that she has to do that.
Mary says she's never eaten sushi.
Mary says she's been to Australia.
Mary says she'll agree to do that.
Mary says she'd never leave early.
Mary says she won't need our help.
Mary says she won't do it anymore.
Mary says she has to work tonight.
Mary says she has to do that, too.
Mary says she has nothing to hide.
Mary says she has a secret weapon.
Mary says she doesn't care at all.
Mary says she didn't see anything.
Mary says she did nothing illegal.
Mary says she can't trust anybody.
Mary says she can't hear anything.
Mary says she can be here by 2:30.
Mary says she also has to do that.
Mary says her stomach still hurts.
Mary says her conscience is clear.
Mary says aliens had abducted her.
Mary saw a rabbit in her backyard.
Mary said we could borrow her car.
Mary said that wasn't her problem.
Mary said that she's still afraid.
Mary said that she's not doing it.
Mary said that she's going to win.
Mary said that she's glad you won.
Mary said that she's glad to help.
Mary said that she's feeling fine.
Mary said that she'd wait and see.
Mary said that she'd visit Boston.
Mary said that she'd probably win.
Mary said that she'd love to help.
Mary said that she'd look into it.
Mary said that she'd like to help.
Mary said that she'd go to church.
Mary said that she'd do that, too.
Mary said that she'd do that soon.
Mary said that she'd call me back.
Mary said that she'd call at 2:30.
Mary said that she'd also do that.
Mary said that she wouldn't do it.
Mary said that she wouldn't dance.
Mary said that she won't marry me.
Mary said that she wasn't so sure.
Mary said that she wasn't injured.
Mary said that she wasn't in pain.
Mary said that she wasn't at home.
Mary said that she wasn't annoyed.
Mary said that she was very lucky.
Mary said that she was supportive.
Mary said that she was really mad.
Mary said that she was having fun.
Mary said that she was happy here.
Mary said that she was doing fine.
Mary said that she was displeased.
Mary said that she was colorblind.
Mary said that she was a Canadian.
Mary said that she wanted to talk.
Mary said that she wanted to play.
Mary said that she wanted to help.
Mary said that she wanted revenge.
Mary said that she wanted my help.
Mary said that she wanted answers.
Mary said that she should do that.
Mary said that she plans on going.
Mary said that she never did that.
Mary said that she needed a favor.
Mary said that she loved baseball.
Mary said that she likes the idea.
Mary said that she liked the idea.
Mary said that she knew the rules.
Mary said that she intends to win.
Mary said that she heard gunshots.
Mary said that she has to do that.
Mary said that she hadn't done it.
Mary said that she had to do that.
Mary said that she had no regrets.
Mary said that she had a headache.
Mary said that she had a hard day.
Mary said that she had a daughter.
Mary said that she had a contract.
Mary said that she found her keys.
Mary said that she felt wonderful.
Mary said that she felt reassured.
Mary said that she felt powerless.
Mary said that she felt neglected.
Mary said that she felt fantastic.
Mary said that she felt desperate.
Mary said that she did that wrong.
Mary said that she couldn't do it.
Mary said that it was on her desk.
Mary said that it belonged to her.
Mary said that her team would win.
Mary said that didn't concern her.
Mary said she's glad that you won.
Mary said she'd never leave early.
Mary said she'd never hurt anyone.
Mary said she'd never heard of me.
Mary said she'd go there tomorrow.
Mary said she'd be going by train.
Mary said she would leave at 2:30.
Mary said she would do that again.
Mary said she would come tomorrow.
Mary said she wasn't in Australia.
Mary said she wasn't going to win.
Mary said she was very happy here.
Mary said she was unlikely to win.
Mary said she was unlikely to cry.
Mary said she was tired of losing.
Mary said she was glad to see you.
Mary said she was glad to be here.
Mary said she was extremely tired.
Mary said she was doing just fine.
Mary said she was aching all over.
Mary said she thought I was witty.
Mary said she saw something scary.
Mary said she isn't likely to win.
Mary said she isn't likely to cry.
Mary said she has nothing to hide.
Mary said she had quit doing that.
Mary said she had fully recovered.
Mary said she had a difficult day.
Mary said she got bored in Boston.
Mary said she felt very confident.
Mary said she felt a little woozy.
Mary said she felt a little dizzy.
Mary said she felt a little dazed.
Mary said she didn't want a party.
Mary said she didn't hunt anymore.
Mary said she didn't believe that.
Mary said she did nothing illegal.
Mary said her house wasn't locked.
Mary rides her bicycle everywhere.
Mary remained poor her whole life.
Mary remained in her room all day.
Mary refused my offer to help her.
Mary reflected on what she'd done.
Mary really wants to keep her job.
Mary really should be in her room.
Mary realizes she's being ignored.
Mary read a story to her children.
Mary reached into her coat pocket.
Mary raised her glass to her lips.
Mary put the note into her pocket.
Mary put some butter on her toast.
Mary put on her coat and went out.
Mary put her wedding ring back on.
Mary put her toys back in the box.
Mary put her racket on the ground.
Mary put her keys into her pocket.
Mary put her hat back on and left.
Mary put her hands over her mouth.
Mary put a flea collar on her dog.
Mary put a band-aid on her finger.
Mary pulled the mask off her face.
Mary promised to stay in her room.
Mary probably isn't in her office.
Mary pretended she didn't know me.
Mary practiced her scales all day.
Mary postponed her trip to Boston.
Mary plays the piano, doesn't she?
Mary parked her car in the garage.
Mary overslept and missed her bus.
Mary outlived many of her friends.
Mary ordered her favorite dessert.
Mary only swears when she's angry.
Mary often sings with her friends.
Mary often meets her friends here.
Mary often fails to keep her word.
Mary often cries when she's drunk.
Mary nodded her head in agreement.
Mary never talks about her family.
Mary never should've quit her job.
Mary never said she would help us.
Mary never said she would do that.
Mary never forgot to pay her rent.
Mary needs to regain her strength.
Mary needs to change her behavior.
Mary needs to change her attitude.
Mary needed her parents' approval.
Mary must've gotten over her cold.
Mary must realize what she's done.
Mary must pay for what she's done.
Mary mostly talked about her trip.
Mary misses her mother and father.
Mary might think I don't like her.
Mary met her husband in Australia.
Mary managed to control her anger.
Mary loved her family and friends.
Mary lost her son early last year.
Mary lost her glasses in the park.
Mary lost custody of her children.
Mary looks like she's unconvinced.
Mary looks like she's unconscious.
Mary looks like she's unconcerned.
Mary looks like she's intoxicated.
Mary looked like she was unafraid.
Mary looked like she was troubled.
Mary looked like she was stranded.
Mary looked like she was occupied.
Mary looked like she was homeless.
Mary looked like she was hesitant.
Mary looked like she was agitated.
Mary looked just like her picture.
Mary looked around for her camera.
Mary lives near here, doesn't she?
Mary lives in Boston, doesn't she?
Mary lives alone with her parents.
Mary likes me and I like her, too.
Mary likes everybody in her class.
Mary likes Australia, doesn't she?
Mary left her umbrella in the car.
Mary left her textbook in the car.
Mary knows what she wants to hear.
Mary knows the police suspect her.
Mary knows that we believe in her.
Mary knows that she has no choice.
Mary knows that she has a problem.
Mary knows that she can trust you.
Mary knows that she can do better.
Mary knows how her dog was killed.
Mary knew she should study French.
Mary killed the tiger, didn't she?
Mary isn't very efficient, is she?
Mary isn't in her bedroom, is she?
Mary isn't home right now, is she?
Mary isn't happy about it, is she?
Mary isn't going with you, is she?
Mary isn't doing the best she can.
Mary isn't doing anything, is she?
Mary isn't disturbing you, is she?
Mary isn't at home. She's at work.
Mary isn't at all like her sister.
Mary isn't as fat as I am, is she?
Mary isn't a happy person, is she?
Mary isn't a happy camper, is she?
Mary is with her dogs in the park.
Mary is well connected, isn't she?
Mary is wearing my cap, isn't she?
Mary is wearing gloves, isn't she?
Mary is wearing a suit, isn't she?
Mary is wearing a coat, isn't she?
Mary is wearing a cast on her arm.
Mary is washing her car right now.
Mary is washing dishes, isn't she?
Mary is waiting inside, isn't she?
Mary is waiting for us, isn't she?
Mary is waiting for me, isn't she?
Mary is very tired now, isn't she?
Mary is very secretive, isn't she?
Mary is very sarcastic, isn't she?
Mary is very religious, isn't she?
Mary is very practical, isn't she?
Mary is very organized, isn't she?
Mary is very obnoxious, isn't she?
Mary is very motivated, isn't she?
Mary is very laid back, isn't she?
Mary is very emotional, isn't she?
Mary is very dedicated to her job.
Mary is very committed, isn't she?
Mary is very attentive, isn't she?
Mary is very assertive, isn't she?
Mary is very angry now, isn't she?
Mary is very afraid of her father.
Mary is unenthusiastic, isn't she?
Mary is unapproachable, isn't she?
Mary is trying to help, isn't she?
Mary is trying to find her father.
Mary is trying as hard as she can.
Mary is the only family she's got.
Mary is the best at what she does.
Mary is terminally ill, isn't she?
Mary is taller than me, isn't she?
Mary is tall and so is her sister.
Mary is taking a break, isn't she?
Mary is still upstairs, isn't she?
Mary is still the same, isn't she?
Mary is still the best, isn't she?
Mary is still studying, isn't she?
Mary is still sleeping, isn't she?
Mary is still living with her mom.
Mary is still laughing, isn't she?
Mary is still in there, isn't she?
Mary is still in shock, isn't she?
Mary is still homesick, isn't she?
Mary is still homeless, isn't she?
Mary is still confused, isn't she?
Mary is still a rookie, isn't she?
Mary is sorry that she got caught.
Mary is scared of dogs, isn't she?
Mary is rich, but she isn't happy.
Mary is reviewing all her options.
Mary is refusing to pay her bills.
Mary is really worried, isn't she?
Mary is really selfish, isn't she?
Mary is really excited, isn't she?
Mary is ready to start, isn't she?
Mary is ready to leave, isn't she?
Mary is ready to begin, isn't she?
Mary is ready for that, isn't she?
Mary is reading a book, isn't she?
Mary is quite reserved, isn't she?
Mary is quite charming, isn't she?
Mary is quite artistic, isn't she?
Mary is quite a talker, isn't she?
Mary is quite a dancer, isn't she?
Mary is pushing thirty, isn't she?
Mary is pretty excited, isn't she?
Mary is pretty bad off, isn't she?
Mary is pretty amazing, isn't she?
Mary is planning to go, isn't she?
Mary is our best pilot, isn't she?
Mary is on the balcony, isn't she?
Mary is on her way to the airport.
Mary is on her way back to Boston.
Mary is on her own now, isn't she?
Mary is older than you, isn't she?
Mary is off duty today, isn't she?
Mary is now on her own, isn't she?
Mary is now in trouble, isn't she?
Mary is now doing that, isn't she?
Mary is now doing fine, isn't she?
Mary is now as tall as her mother.
Mary is lucky she didn't get shot.
Mary is living with her uncle now.
Mary is likely to wait, isn't she?
Mary is likely to come, isn't she?
Mary is kind of creepy, isn't she?
Mary is kind of a snob, isn't she?
Mary is in trouble now, isn't she?
Mary is in the library, isn't she?
Mary is in the kitchen, isn't she?
Mary is in her office at her desk.
Mary is in her bedroom, isn't she?
Mary is in good health, isn't she?
Mary is in college now, isn't she?
Mary is in big trouble, isn't she?
Mary is in bed, asleep, isn't she?
Mary is in bed reading, isn't she?
Mary is in a good mood, isn't she?
Mary is in a big hurry, isn't she?
Mary is here in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is here every day, isn't she?
Mary is having fun now, isn't she?
Mary is having a party, isn't she?
Mary is hard to please, isn't she?
Mary is happy with her new guitar.
Mary is good with kids, isn't she?
Mary is good at soccer, isn't she?
Mary is good at skiing, isn't she?
Mary is going with you, isn't she?
Mary is going to take me with her.
Mary is going to leave, isn't she?
Mary is going to agree, isn't she?
Mary is going downtown, isn't she?
Mary is getting what she deserves.
Mary is getting better, isn't she?
Mary is gambling again, isn't she?
Mary is gaining weight, isn't she?
Mary is fun to be with, isn't she?
Mary is full of energy, isn't she?
Mary is feeling OK now, isn't she?
Mary is faster than me, isn't she?
Mary is extremely busy, isn't she?
Mary is expecting that, isn't she?
Mary is eating cookies, isn't she?
Mary is easy to please, isn't she?
Mary is eager to leave, isn't she?
Mary is double-jointed, isn't she?
Mary is done for today, isn't she?
Mary is doing well now, isn't she?
Mary is doing that now, isn't she?
Mary is doing it wrong, isn't she?
Mary is doing it right, isn't she?
Mary is doing her part, isn't she?
Mary is doing her best, isn't she?
Mary is doing her best not to cry.
Mary is doing her French homework.
Mary is doing fine now, isn't she?
Mary is dissatisfied with her job.
Mary is digging a hole, isn't she?
Mary is different from her sister.
Mary is dating someone, isn't she?
Mary is crazy about her boyfriend.
Mary is counting on us, isn't she?
Mary is coming with us, isn't she?
Mary is claustrophobic, isn't she?
Mary is chatting with her friends.
Mary is busy right now, isn't she?
Mary is bigger than me, isn't she?
Mary is being stubborn, isn't she?
Mary is being childish, isn't she?
Mary is being cautious, isn't she?
Mary is behaving oddly, isn't she?
Mary is baking cookies, isn't she?
Mary is back in prison, isn't she?
Mary is back in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is back home with her family.
Mary is awfully skinny, isn't she?
Mary is away on a trip, isn't she?
Mary is aware of her shortcomings.
Mary is at home with her children.
Mary is apt to forget her promise.
Mary is apt to do that, isn't she?
Mary is apt to be late, isn't she?
Mary is angry with you, isn't she?
Mary is an entertainer, isn't she?
Mary is an electrician, isn't she?
Mary is an avid reader, isn't she?
Mary is an artist like her father.
Mary is an art student, isn't she?
Mary is always on time, isn't she?
Mary is always careful, isn't she?
Mary is always at home, isn't she?
Mary is also a teacher, isn't she?
Mary is already asleep, isn't she?
Mary is almost never late, is she?
Mary is almost never home, is she?
Mary is all by herself, isn't she?
Mary is afraid to leave her house.
Mary is afraid of her grandfather.
Mary is afraid of dogs, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of cats, isn't she?
Mary is acting strange, isn't she?
Mary is about your age, isn't she?
Mary is about to leave, isn't she?
Mary is about to begin, isn't she?
Mary is able to walk on her hands.
Mary is a veterinarian, isn't she?
Mary is a truck driver, isn't she?
Mary is a third grader, isn't she?
Mary is a teacher, too, isn't she?
Mary is a teacher here, isn't she?
Mary is a spoiled brat, isn't she?
Mary is a smart person, isn't she?
Mary is a slow learner, isn't she?
Mary is a sheep farmer, isn't she?
Mary is a real charmer, isn't she?
Mary is a quiet person, isn't she?
Mary is a psychologist, isn't she?
Mary is a psychiatrist, isn't she?
Mary is a professional, isn't she?
Mary is a prison guard, isn't she?
Mary is a messy person, isn't she?
Mary is a little weird, isn't she?
Mary is a little early, isn't she?
Mary is a little drunk, isn't she?
Mary is a heavy smoker, isn't she?
Mary is a good swimmer, isn't she?
Mary is a good painter, isn't she?
Mary is a good manager, isn't she?
Mary is a good drummer, isn't she?
Mary is a good bassist, isn't she?
Mary is a gifted actor, isn't she?
Mary is a fussy person, isn't she?
Mary is a friendly kid, isn't she?
Mary is a fast swimmer, isn't she?
Mary is a car mechanic, isn't she?
Mary is a bit snobbish, isn't she?
Mary is a bit confused, isn't she?
Mary is a baseball fan, isn't she?
Mary insisted she was ready to go.
Mary injured herself this morning.
Mary inherited her uncle's estate.
Mary hurt her elbow when she fell.
Mary hung up her keys on the hook.
Mary hung her diploma on the wall.
Mary hid the book behind her back.
Mary helped you today, didn't she?
Mary held her hands over her ears.
Mary held her breath for a moment.
Mary heard somebody yell her name.
Mary headed back to her apartment.
Mary hates this idea, doesn't she?
Mary hasn't yet done her homework.
Mary hasn't yet bought her ticket.
Mary hasn't violated her contract.
Mary hasn't painted her house yet.
Mary hasn't finished her training.
Mary hasn't done her homework yet.
Mary hasn't bought her ticket yet.
Mary has worked hard all her life.
Mary has to look after her mother.
Mary has three pens in her pocket.
Mary has three cars in her garage.
Mary has sold her house in Boston.
Mary has other things on her mind.
Mary has many problems of her own.
Mary has many friends to help her.
Mary has maintained her innocence.
Mary has made up her mind already.
Mary has lost both of her parents.
Mary has lived there all her life.
Mary has just finished her report.
Mary has had her appendix removed.
Mary has completely lost her mind.
Mary has canceled her appointment.
Mary has bruises on her right arm.
Mary has been sleeping in her car.
Mary has been in her room all day.
Mary has been here her whole life.
Mary has announced her retirement.
Mary has already made up her mind.
Mary has already cleaned her room.
Mary has a splinter in her finger.
Mary has a scar on her left cheek.
Mary has a nasty cut on her cheek.
Mary has a brace on her right leg.
Mary hardly ever loses her temper.
Mary handed her keys to the valet.
Mary had to leave her dog at home.
Mary had surgery on her right leg.
Mary had other things on her mind.
Mary had new tires put on her car.
Mary had her wisdom teeth removed.
Mary had everything going for her.
Mary had a silly look on her face.
Mary had a paintbrush in her hand.
Mary had a huge smile on her face.
Mary had a funny look on her face.
Mary graduated third in her class.
Mary graduated first in her class.
Mary got some shampoo in her eyes.
Mary got in her car and went home.
Mary got in her car and drove off.
Mary gave her dog a piece of meat.
Mary gathered her kids around her.
Mary found her key under the sofa.
Mary forgot to renew her passport.
Mary forgot to pay her phone bill.
Mary forgot to bring her swimsuit.
Mary forgot her trumpet at school.
Mary figures that she's not alone.
Mary felt something touch her arm.
Mary felt like she was on her own.
Mary expressed her disappointment.
Mary explained her plan in detail.
Mary eventually turned herself in.
Mary enjoys talking about herself.
Mary earned her doctorate in 2013.
Mary drowned in her swimming pool.
Mary drove her children to school.
Mary dropped her cup and broke it.
Mary dried her hands with a towel.
Mary doesn't want to sell her car.
Mary doesn't want to lose her job.
Mary doesn't want to dye her hair.
Mary doesn't think it's her fault.
Mary doesn't live near her office.
Mary doesn't let anyone touch her.
Mary doesn't know that I like her.
Mary doesn't know that I hate her.
Mary doesn't do her job very well.
Mary does exactly what I tell her.
Mary died while she was in Boston.
Mary died when she was very young.
Mary died when a tree fell on her.
Mary died peacefully in her sleep.
Mary died in her sleep last night.
Mary didn't want me to sit by her.
Mary didn't say she would do that.
Mary didn't resign. She got fired.
Mary didn't pay her taxes on time.
Mary didn't need to go by herself.
Mary didn't look up from her book.
Mary didn't listen to her parents.
Mary didn't hurt anybody, did she?
Mary didn't have to go by herself.
Mary didn't have a scratch on her.
Mary didn't do what she was asked.
Mary didn't do what she had to do.
Mary didn't complete her homework.
Mary did what they told her to do.
Mary did what she'd planned to do.
Mary did well considering her age.
Mary did the only thing she could.
Mary did her duty, and I did mine.
Mary did her best, but she failed.
Mary did everything I told her to.
Mary deserves everything she gets.
Mary denies she paid ransom money.
Mary denies she agreed to do that.
Mary denied she agreed to do that.
Mary decided to keep her distance.
Mary couldn't take her gloves off.
Mary couldn't hide her excitement.
Mary couldn't get her car started.
Mary couldn't finish her sandwich.
Mary couldn't even write her name.
Mary could've fallen to her death.
Mary could feel her knees shaking.
Mary could do it if she wanted to.
Mary completed her degree in 2013.
Mary cleans her room every Monday.
Mary claimed that she acted alone.
Mary can't make her own decisions.
Mary can't even remember her name.
Mary came out of her hiding place.
Mary calls her mother once a week.
Mary burned her hand on the stove.
Mary buried her face in her hands.
Mary brushed the snow off her hat.
Mary bought a present for her son.
Mary began her speech with a joke.
Mary barely touched her breakfast.
Mary banged her knee on the table.
Mary ate her sandwich at her desk.
Mary asked why she had to do that.
Mary asked me to polish her shoes.
Mary asked me if I would help her.
Mary apparently lost her passport.
Mary announced her plans to leave.
Mary and her sister live together.
Mary always yells at her children.
Mary always pays her rent on time.
Mary admitted that she was hungry.
Mary admitted that she was biased.
Mary admitted that she used drugs.
Mary admitted that she left early.
Mary admitted that she didn't win.
Mary admitted that she didn't cry.
Mary admitted she'd been reckless.
Mary admitted she'd been mistaken.
Mary admitted she'd been impolite.
Mary admitted she'd been drinking.
Mary admitted she'd been defeated.
Mary admitted she'd been careless.
Mary admitted she wasn't prepared.
Mary admitted she was heartbroken.
Mary admitted she stole the money.
Mary admitted she knew the secret.
Mary admits that she's left early.
Mary admits that she wasn't happy.
Mary acted as if she knew nothing.
Mary Jackson wasn't her real name.
Mary wrote down her phone number.
Mary wouldn't let me in her room.
Mary won't do that now, will she?
Mary won't come. She's very busy.
Mary wishes she had a bigger car.
Mary wished she'd studied harder.
Mary wished she had a decent job.
Mary will likely change her mind.
Mary went to college, didn't she?
Mary went into her dressing room.
Mary went back to her hotel room.
Mary wasn't wearing her new coat.
Mary was your friend, wasn't she?
Mary was where she said she'd be.
Mary was thoughtless, wasn't she?
Mary was stunned by what she saw.
Mary was open about her problems.
Mary was forced to sell her farm.
Mary was always good to her kids.
Mary was able to get her own way.
Mary was able to extend her visa.
Mary wants us to know she did it.
Mary wants to be like her mother.
Mary wants her mother's approval.
Mary wanted to pay off her debts.
Mary walked back into her office.
Mary underestimated her opponent.
Mary turned off her bedside lamp.
Mary turned her bowl upside down.
Mary tried to sell her old couch.
Mary tried to regain her balance.
Mary tried to protect her family.
Mary tried to hide her annoyance.
Mary tried to disguise her voice.
Mary tried to control her temper.
Mary tried her best to look busy.
Mary took her place at the table.
Mary took her daughter to school.
Mary took her children to Boston.
Mary took a drink from her glass.
Mary told us she'd to go with us.
Mary told us about her childhood.
Mary told me that she's unbiased.
Mary told me that she'd call you.
Mary told me that she'd be there.
Mary told me that she wasn't mad.
Mary told me that she was thirty.
Mary told me that she was strong.
Mary told me that she was strict.
Mary told me that she was a poet.
Mary told me that she understood.
Mary told me that she liked snow.
Mary told me that she liked rain.
Mary told me that she left early.
Mary told me that she had a plan.
Mary told me that she had a cold.
Mary told me that she felt tired.
Mary told me that she enjoyed it.
Mary told me that she didn't win.
Mary told me that she didn't cry.
Mary told me that she called you.
Mary told me she's losing weight.
Mary told me she'll be back soon.
Mary told me she'd rather not go.
Mary told me she'd been forgiven.
Mary told me she'd been careless.
Mary told me she'd be supportive.
Mary told me she'd already eaten.
Mary told me she was pessimistic.
Mary told me she likes you a lot.
Mary told me she intended to win.
Mary told me she hated Christmas.
Mary told me her father was rich.
Mary told me I could use her car.
Mary told everyone she was upset.
Mary told everyone she was tired.
Mary told everyone she was ready.
Mary told everyone she was broke.
Mary told everyone she was bored.
Mary told everybody she was well.
Mary told everybody she was safe.
Mary told everybody she was fine.
Mary told everybody she was done.
Mary told everybody she was cold.
Mary threw herself into her work.
Mary thought she heard a gunshot.
Mary thinks that she's so clever.
Mary thinks that she'll die soon.
Mary thinks that she has the flu.
Mary thinks that she can do that.
Mary thinks she's in big trouble.
Mary thinks she got a good price.
Mary thinks her house is haunted.
Mary thanked me for rescuing her.
Mary straightened up her bedroom.
Mary stopped to catch her breath.
Mary stopped taking her medicine.
Mary stopped her car and got out.
Mary still lives with her mother.
Mary still hasn't washed her car.
Mary stayed at her uncle's house.
Mary started her blog in October.
Mary spoke to me about her plans.
Mary soon realized she was alone.
Mary sold her house in Australia.
Mary sold her house for $300,000.
Mary smiled as she took her seat.
Mary sleeps with her window open.
Mary shut the door on her finger.
Mary showed the bartender her ID.
Mary shouldn't have quit her job.
Mary shared her sandwich with me.
Mary seldom eats with her family.
Mary seemed very full of herself.
Mary seemed happy when I saw her.
Mary scribbled a note on her pad.
Mary says someday she'll do that.
Mary says she's ready to do that.
Mary says she's never grown corn.
Mary says she's glad you're here.
Mary says she'll do that someday.
Mary says she won't study French.
Mary says she wants to come, too.
Mary says she doesn't need money.
Mary says she doesn't like money.
Mary says she declined that deal.
Mary says she can't find her hat.
Mary says she can't eat any more.
Mary sat on the edge of her desk.
Mary sat at her desk all morning.
Mary sat and waited for her food.
Mary said that you stole her car.
Mary said that she's very hungry.
Mary said that she's unimpressed.
Mary said that she's unconvinced.
Mary said that she's sympathetic.
Mary said that she's ready to go.
Mary said that she's pessimistic.
Mary said that she's not worried.
Mary said that she's not thirsty.
Mary said that she's heartbroken.
Mary said that she's embarrassed.
Mary said that she's discouraged.
Mary said that she'll try to win.
Mary said that she'll leave soon.
Mary said that she'd wait for us.
Mary said that she'd sort it out.
Mary said that she'd do it later.
Mary said that she'd been hungry.
Mary said that she wouldn't wait.
Mary said that she would do that.
Mary said that she would be here.
Mary said that she wasn't thirty.
Mary said that she wasn't strong.
Mary said that she wasn't lonely.
Mary said that she wasn't coming.
Mary said that she wasn't bitter.
Mary said that she was in Boston.
Mary said that she was done, too.
Mary said that she was dog-tired.
Mary said that she was at school.
Mary said that she was an artist.
Mary said that she was all alone.
Mary said that she wanted to win.
Mary said that she wanted to die.
Mary said that she wanted to cry.
Mary said that she planned to go.
Mary said that she needed a rest.
Mary said that she might not win.
Mary said that she might do that.
Mary said that she loved me, too.
Mary said that she loved animals.
Mary said that she liked my idea.
Mary said that she isn't worried.
Mary said that she isn't thirsty.
Mary said that she felt the same.
Mary said that she felt terrific.
Mary said that she felt terrible.
Mary said that she felt repulsed.
Mary said that she felt relieved.
Mary said that she felt rejected.
Mary said that she felt offended.
Mary said that she felt nauseous.
Mary said that she felt left out.
Mary said that she felt helpless.
Mary said that she felt excluded.
Mary said that she felt confused.
Mary said that she felt betrayed.
Mary said that she didn't get it.
Mary said that she did just that.
Mary said that she couldn't walk.
Mary said that she couldn't wait.
Mary said that she couldn't swim.
Mary said that she could take it.
Mary said that she could help us.
Mary said that she could do that.
Mary said that she can handle it.
Mary said that she believed that.
Mary said that her job was tough.
Mary said that her back was sore.
Mary said she's in Australia now.
Mary said she's glad you're back.
Mary said she's done all of that.
Mary said she's been working out.
Mary said she'll visit Australia.
Mary said she'd fly to Australia.
Mary said she'd be willing to go.
Mary said she would visit Boston.
Mary said she would stop smoking.
Mary said she would go to Boston.
Mary said she wasn't a terrorist.
Mary said she was very confident.
Mary said she was doing that now.
Mary said she wanted to meet you.
Mary said she might possibly win.
Mary said she isn't going ashore.
Mary said she heard the gunshots.
Mary said she heard an explosion.
Mary said she had fun doing that.
Mary said she felt uncomfortable.
Mary said she didn't want to die.
Mary said she didn't like Boston.
Mary said her stomach still hurt.
Mary said goodbye to her friends.
Mary roasts her own coffee beans.
Mary rides her bicycle to school.
Mary rides her bicycle every day.
Mary reluctantly went by herself.
Mary realized that she was dying.
Mary realized that she might die.
Mary reached down to pet her dog.
Mary rarely talks about her work.
Mary rarely eats with her family.
Mary ran back into her apartment.
Mary ran as quickly as she could.
Mary raised her family in Boston.
Mary put the key into her pocket.
Mary put some salad on her plate.
Mary put some milk in her coffee.
Mary put on her shirt inside out.
Mary put her shirt on inside out.
Mary put her phone in her pocket.
Mary put her money in a shoe box.
Mary put her head out the window.
Mary put her hands over her ears.
Mary put her hand over her mouth.
Mary put her feet up on her desk.
Mary put her books in her locker.
Mary put her bag under the table.
Mary put clean sheets on her bed.
Mary promised she'd speak French.
Mary promised she would be there.
Mary pressed redial on her phone.
Mary practices what she preaches.
Mary poured tea for her visitors.
Mary played a joke on her friend.
Mary pawned her mother's jewelry.
Mary paid off her gambling debts.
Mary opened her own dance studio.
Mary opened her mouth to protest.
Mary often yells at her children.
Mary nodded her head in approval.
Mary nodded her head a few times.
Mary never told me she was a cop.
Mary never told me she had a dog.
Mary never told me her last name.
Mary never pays her rent on time.
Mary never listens to her mother.
Mary never let me into her house.
Mary never finishes her homework.
Mary nervously shuffled her feet.
Mary needs to update her website.
Mary needs to renew her passport.
Mary needs to pay her rent today.
Mary needed help doing her taxes.
Mary must make her own decisions.
Mary might still change her mind.
Mary may do anything she pleases.
Mary married one of her students.
Mary lost her son in an accident.
Mary looks like she's suspicious.
Mary looks like she's distracted.
Mary looks like she's displeased.
Mary looks like she's determined.
Mary looks a lot like her sister.
Mary looks a lot like her mother.
Mary looked over to her shoulder.
Mary looked like she was trapped.
Mary looked like she was stunned.
Mary looked like she was frantic.
Mary looked like she was certain.
Mary looked around at her family.
Mary lives near you, doesn't she?
Mary likes to play with her dogs.
Mary likes football, doesn't she?
Mary likes everyone in her class.
Mary liked everybody on her team.
Mary let us know she had arrived.
Mary left some food on her plate.
Mary left her umbrella in my car.
Mary left her umbrella at school.
Mary left her son a lot of money.
Mary leaves her radio on all day.
Mary leaned forward in her chair.
Mary laid her cards on the table.
Mary knows what she wants to say.
Mary knows that she's in trouble.
Mary knows that she has to do it.
Mary knows that she can trust us.
Mary knows that she can trust me.
Mary knows she's vulnerable here.
Mary knows her way around a boat.
Mary knows her way around Boston.
Mary knows I'm older than she is.
Mary knew that she had to escape.
Mary knew she was being insulted.
Mary killed herself in Australia.
Mary kicked me out of her office.
Mary kept her end of the bargain.
Mary just changed her mind again.
Mary just can't make up her mind.
Mary isn't wearing her seat belt.
Mary isn't to be trusted, is she?
Mary isn't sure how she got here.
Mary isn't so successful, is she?
Mary isn't likely to win, is she?
Mary isn't likely to cry, is she?
Mary isn't home. She's at school.
Mary isn't going to lose, is she?
Mary isn't concentrating, is she?
Mary isn't big, but she's strong.
Mary isn't as tall as her sister.
Mary isn't as old as you, is she?
Mary isn't as good as she thinks.
Mary isn't all that tall, is she?
Mary isn't a team player, is she?
Mary isn't a taxi driver, is she?
Mary is worried about her health.
Mary is worried about her grades.
Mary is worried about her future.
Mary is with somebody, isn't she?
Mary is willing to go, isn't she?
Mary is wearing a wig, isn't she?
Mary is wearing a tie, isn't she?
Mary is wearing a hat, isn't she?
Mary is very youthful, isn't she?
Mary is very powerful, isn't she?
Mary is very obedient, isn't she?
Mary is very gullible, isn't she?
Mary is very good with her hands.
Mary is very discreet, isn't she?
Mary is very decisive, isn't she?
Mary is very close to her family.
Mary is very artistic, isn't she?
Mary is usually with her friends.
Mary is usually right, isn't she?
Mary is unintelligent, isn't she?
Mary is unimaginative, isn't she?
Mary is under the bed, isn't she?
Mary is trying to find her niche.
Mary is too weak to lift herself.
Mary is too hard on her children.
Mary is the tallest in her class.
Mary is talking with her friends.
Mary is taking a bath, isn't she?
Mary is studying hard, isn't she?
Mary is still worried, isn't she?
Mary is still working, isn't she?
Mary is still waiting, isn't she?
Mary is still unhappy, isn't she?
Mary is still outside, isn't she?
Mary is still on duty, isn't she?
Mary is still nervous, isn't she?
Mary is still married, isn't she?
Mary is still in jail, isn't she?
Mary is still doing her homework.
Mary is still at work, isn't she?
Mary is still at home, isn't she?
Mary is still asleep in her room.
Mary is still a minor, isn't she?
Mary is staring at us, isn't she?
Mary is staring at me, isn't she?
Mary is self-centered, isn't she?
Mary is scared of you, isn't she?
Mary is relying on us, isn't she?
Mary is really scared, isn't she?
Mary is really proud of her kids.
Mary is really greedy, isn't she?
Mary is really clever, isn't she?
Mary is really afraid, isn't she?
Mary is ready to help, isn't she?
Mary is quite serious, isn't she?
Mary is quite selfish, isn't she?
Mary is quite popular, isn't she?
Mary is pretty scared, isn't she?
Mary is pretty crafty, isn't she?
Mary is pleased with her new car.
Mary is overconfident, isn't she?
Mary is out to get me, isn't she?
Mary is out of prison, isn't she?
Mary is only bluffing, isn't she?
Mary is on this train, isn't she?
Mary is on this plane, isn't she?
Mary is on duty today, isn't she?
Mary is older than me, isn't she?
Mary is now in prison, isn't she?
Mary is now in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is now a teacher, isn't she?
Mary is never in a hurry, is she?
Mary is making dinner, isn't she?
Mary is making coffee, isn't she?
Mary is making a list, isn't she?
Mary is making a fool of herself.
Mary is lucky that we helped her.
Mary is looking for her passport.
Mary is looking for her car keys.
Mary is looking at us, isn't she?
Mary is looking at me, isn't she?
Mary is looking at it, isn't she?
Mary is listening now, isn't she?
Mary is likely to win, isn't she?
Mary is likely to cry, isn't she?
Mary is legally blind, isn't she?
Mary is kind of weird, isn't she?
Mary is kind of needy, isn't she?
Mary is just stalling, isn't she?
Mary is jealous of me, isn't she?
Mary is irreplaceable, isn't she?
Mary is in the shower, isn't she?
Mary is in the prime of her life.
Mary is in the garden, isn't she?
Mary is in the garage, isn't she?
Mary is in prison now, isn't she?
Mary is in her office, isn't she?
Mary is in good shape, isn't she?
Mary is in charge now, isn't she?
Mary is in a bad mood, isn't she?
Mary is hard to reach, isn't she?
Mary is happy with it, isn't she?
Mary is grouchy today, isn't she?
Mary is good at rugby, isn't she?
Mary is good at chess, isn't she?
Mary is going to wait, isn't she?
Mary is going to stay, isn't she?
Mary is going to sing, isn't she?
Mary is going to quit, isn't she?
Mary is going to pass, isn't she?
Mary is going to miss her flight.
Mary is going to lose, isn't she?
Mary is going to help, isn't she?
Mary is going to fail, isn't she?
Mary is going as fast as she can.
Mary is getting worse, isn't she?
Mary is getting bored, isn't she?
Mary is getting angry, isn't she?
Mary is getting ahead of herself.
Mary is gaining on us, isn't she?
Mary is fishing today, isn't she?
Mary is expecting you, isn't she?
Mary is enjoying this, isn't she?
Mary is drinking milk, isn't she?
Mary is doing her best to fit in.
Mary is different now, isn't she?
Mary is desperate now, isn't she?
Mary is confident of her ability.
Mary is concerned for her safety.
Mary is bound to be on her guard.
Mary is being serious, isn't she?
Mary is being naughty, isn't she?
Mary is being evasive, isn't she?
Mary is being careful, isn't she?
Mary is baking a cake, isn't she?
Mary is bad at sports, isn't she?
Mary is aware of that, isn't she?
Mary is at school now, isn't she?
Mary is at home with her parents.
Mary is at home today, isn't she?
Mary is at church now, isn't she?
Mary is asleep in bed, isn't she?
Mary is as tall as me, isn't she?
Mary is around thirty, isn't she?
Mary is anxious about her health.
Mary is anxious about her future.
Mary is angry with me, isn't she?
Mary is an only child, isn't she?
Mary is an art dealer, isn't she?
Mary is an art critic, isn't she?
Mary is an accountant, isn't she?
Mary is always polite, isn't she?
Mary is always online, isn't she?
Mary is always hungry, isn't she?
Mary is always around, isn't she?
Mary is already there, isn't she?
Mary is already drunk, isn't she?
Mary is almost thirty, isn't she?
Mary is almost asleep, isn't she?
Mary is all right now, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of you, isn't she?
Mary is about my size, isn't she?
Mary is able to skate, isn't she?
Mary is a teacher now, isn't she?
Mary is a taxi driver, isn't she?
Mary is a student too, isn't she?
Mary is a strange kid, isn't she?
Mary is a slow walker, isn't she?
Mary is a safe driver, isn't she?
Mary is a picky eater, isn't she?
Mary is a nice person, isn't she?
Mary is a little nuts, isn't she?
Mary is a light eater, isn't she?
Mary is a law student, isn't she?
Mary is a hard worker, isn't she?
Mary is a gym teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a good worker, isn't she?
Mary is a good skater, isn't she?
Mary is a good person, isn't she?
Mary is a good driver, isn't she?
Mary is a good dancer, isn't she?
Mary is a gang member, isn't she?
Mary is a fussy eater, isn't she?
Mary is a fast walker, isn't she?
Mary is a fast runner, isn't she?
Mary is a fast driver, isn't she?
Mary is a dog trainer, isn't she?
Mary is a doctor like her father.
Mary is a busy person, isn't she?
Mary is a bit strange, isn't she?
Mary is a bit jealous, isn't she?
Mary is a bass player, isn't she?
Mary introduced me to her sister.
Mary informed me of her decision.
Mary hung her coat in the closet.
Mary hopes she won't be deported.
Mary honked her horn three times.
Mary hired me to paint her house.
Mary held up her end of the deal.
Mary heard someone yell her name.
Mary heard her name being called.
Mary hastily packed her suitcase.
Mary hasn't yet made up her mind.
Mary hasn't made up her mind yet.
Mary hasn't cleaned her room yet.
Mary hasn't been paying her rent.
Mary has to pay for what she did.
Mary has to make up her own mind.
Mary has to call her grandmother.
Mary has stolen from her friends.
Mary has something under her arm.
Mary has scars all over her body.
Mary has put her car up for sale.
Mary has never voted in her life.
Mary has made her position clear.
Mary has made her feelings clear.
Mary has lost her umbrella again.
Mary has lived here all her life.
Mary has her socks on inside out.
Mary has dislocated her shoulder.
Mary has denied that she cheated.
Mary has decided to sell her car.
Mary has decided to quit her job.
Mary has broken both of her arms.
Mary has been lucky all her life.
Mary has been doing her homework.
Mary has been busy in her office.
Mary has barely touched her food.
Mary has almost made up her mind.
Mary has accepted her punishment.
Mary has a scar on her right leg.
Mary hardly ever leaves her room.
Mary handled herself beautifully.
Mary had trouble finding her key.
Mary had her house painted white.
Mary had dinner with her parents.
Mary had a smug look on her face.
Mary had a small box in her hand.
Mary had a package under her arm.
Mary had a big smile on her face.
Mary got wiser as she grew older.
Mary got up to put on her jacket.
Mary got some paint on her shoes.
Mary got rid of her old computer.
Mary got first prize, didn't she?
Mary gives her kids an allowance.
Mary gave some oats to her horse.
Mary gave me a tour of her house.
Mary gave her seat to an old man.
Mary gave each of her kids a hug.
Mary gathered her stuff and left.
Mary found her hat and put it on.
Mary flosses her teeth every day.
Mary filled her glass with water.
Mary filled her bucket with sand.
Mary filled her bag with walnuts.
Mary felt somebody touch her arm.
Mary felt a hand on her shoulder.
Mary eventually changed her mind.
Mary dried her hair with a towel.
Mary dried her face with a towel.
Mary drew a picture of her house.
Mary drank some beer, didn't she?
Mary doesn't like her stepmother.
Mary doesn't have what she needs.
Mary does things at her own pace.
Mary didn't want us at her party.
Mary didn't want to sell her car.
Mary didn't hurt anyone, did she?
Mary didn't do it again, did she?
Mary didn't come out of her room.
Mary did what she intended to do.
Mary did well on her French test.
Mary did the very best she could.
Mary did that as she'd been told.
Mary did that as she was told to.
Mary did it the way she was told.
Mary did everything she could do.
Mary deserved everything she got.
Mary denies she broke the window.
Mary danced with you, didn't she?
Mary cut the rope with her knife.
Mary cut her finger with a knife.
Mary cut down a tree in her yard.
Mary couldn't take her socks off.
Mary couldn't suppress her anger.
Mary couldn't restrain her anger.
Mary couldn't remember her lines.
Mary couldn't get her gloves off.
Mary couldn't find her left shoe.
Mary couldn't do that to herself.
Mary couldn't control her temper.
Mary continued her investigation.
Mary consulted with her attorney.
Mary constantly checks her phone.
Mary confessed that she did that.
Mary claims she was born in 2013.
Mary cheated on her history test.
Mary changes her passwords often.
Mary carefully took off her mask.
Mary can't tie her own shoes yet.
Mary came to Boston as a teacher.
Mary burned all of her old books.
Mary braided her daughter's hair.
Mary bought the books she needed.
Mary bought her sister a present.
Mary bleached her hair yesterday.
Mary began to wish she were dead.
Mary ate everything on her plate.
Mary asked me to sell her my car.
Mary asked me to leave her alone.
Mary asked me to do this for her.
Mary asked me how she could help.
Mary apologized to her teammates.
Mary apologized for her behavior.
Mary and her friends are outside.
Mary always wants me to help her.
Mary almost never uses her phone.
Mary allowed me to drive her car.
Mary admitted that she does that.
Mary admitted she'd been naughty.
Mary admitted she'd been foolish.
Mary admitted she wasn't perfect.
Mary admitted she wasn't certain.
Mary admitted she was unemployed.
Mary admitted she was suspicious.
Mary admitted she was prejudiced.
Mary admitted she was overweight.
Mary admitted she was illiterate.
Mary admitted she was frustrated.
Mary admitted she was frightened.
Mary admitted she stole the gold.
Mary admitted she broke the vase.
Mary admits that she's done that.
Mary admits that she wasn't sure.
Mary admits that she often cries.
Mary admits she's under pressure.
Mary acted as if she didn't care.
Is Mary worried about her grades?
Mary wrote about her experience.
Mary wouldn't tell me her plans.
Mary wouldn't admit her mistake.
Mary wondered what she could do.
Mary won't risk hurting herself.
Mary won't listen to her mother.
Mary won't let you in her house.
Mary won't come. She's too busy.
Mary won't come out of her room.
Mary will never change her mind.
Mary will lend you her umbrella.
Mary will do what she has to do.
Mary will do everything she can.
Mary will change her mind again.
Mary went to her parents' place.
Mary went to her parents' house.
Mary went to Boston, didn't she?
Mary wasn't wearing her uniform.
Mary wasn't quite herself today.
Mary washes her car once a week.
Mary was very angry, wasn't she?
Mary was unfriendly, wasn't she?
Mary was trying to find herself.
Mary was told she was too short.
Mary was thirteen when she died.
Mary was scared out of her wits.
Mary was found dead in her room.
Mary was dismissed from her job.
Mary was amused by what she saw.
Mary wants you to do it for her.
Mary wants us to think she's OK.
Mary wants me to take her place.
Mary wanted to see her children.
Mary wanted to polish her shoes.
Mary wanted to pay off her loan.
Mary walked her dog in the park.
Mary walked as far as she could.
Mary usually sleeps on her back.
Mary usually keeps her promises.
Mary tried to hide her surprise.
Mary tried to conceal her anger.
Mary tried her luck hitchhiking.
Mary toyed with her empty glass.
Mary took one of her gloves off.
Mary took off one of her gloves.
Mary took off on her motorcycle.
Mary took her time walking home.
Mary took her sister to the zoo.
Mary took her kids to Australia.
Mary took her family to the zoo.
Mary took a swig from her flask.
Mary told me why she didn't win.
Mary told me that she'd help me.
Mary told me that she'd do that.
Mary told me that she'd call me.
Mary told me that she'd be here.
Mary told me that she'd be back.
Mary told me that she was short.
Mary told me that she was dying.
Mary told me that she should go.
Mary told me that she might win.
Mary told me that she had to go.
Mary told me that she felt weak.
Mary told me that she felt sick.
Mary told me that she felt safe.
Mary told me that she felt fine.
Mary told me that she felt cold.
Mary told me that she disagreed.
Mary told me she'd bought a car.
Mary told me she was overweight.
Mary told me she was displeased.
Mary told me she saw that movie.
Mary told me she likes swimming.
Mary told me she knew my sister.
Mary told me she heard gunshots.
Mary told me she found her keys.
Mary told me she can see ghosts.
Mary told her side of the story.
Mary told everyone she was well.
Mary told everyone she was safe.
Mary told everyone she was fine.
Mary told everyone she was done.
Mary told everyone she was cold.
Mary thought that she was dying.
Mary thought that she was alone.
Mary thought that she was a cat.
Mary thought that she could win.
Mary thought she'd forgotten it.
Mary thought she would help out.
Mary thought she was very lucky.
Mary thought she was being cute.
Mary thought her leg was broken.
Mary thinks that she's a genius.
Mary thinks that she knows best.
Mary thinks she's a good person.
Mary thinks she hears something.
Mary thanked me for warning her.
Mary thanked me for helping her.
Mary teaches her friends French.
Mary taught her dog some tricks.
Mary taught her children French.
Mary takes good care of her car.
Mary sweats when she's stressed.
Mary struggles to pay her bills.
Mary struggled to pay her bills.
Mary still hasn't paid her rent.
Mary stayed in her room all day.
Mary started to untie her shoes.
Mary started humming to herself.
Mary spent the night in her van.
Mary spends more than she earns.
Mary sometimes helps her mother.
Mary sold all of her belongings.
Mary slowly rose from her chair.
Mary slipped off her headphones.
Mary sleeps with her mouth open.
Mary should keep her mouth shut.
Mary shook her head and laughed.
Mary sewed a button on her coat.
Mary set the alarm on her watch.
Mary seems to have lost her key.
Mary seemed busy when I saw her.
Mary says the noise bothers her.
Mary says that she wants to win.
Mary says that she plans to win.
Mary says she's willing to help.
Mary says she's very happy here.
Mary says she might go shopping.
Mary says she likes her new job.
Mary sat on the hood of her car.
Mary sang her daughter to sleep.
Mary said that she's very tired.
Mary said that she's very happy.
Mary said that she's unemployed.
Mary said that she's suspicious.
Mary said that she's supportive.
Mary said that she's optimistic.
Mary said that she's not sleepy.
Mary said that she's not hungry.
Mary said that she's interested.
Mary said that she's frustrated.
Mary said that she's frightened.
Mary said that she's displeased.
Mary said that she's a Canadian.
Mary said that she'd try to win.
Mary said that she'd look at it.
Mary said that she'd likely win.
Mary said that she wouldn't win.
Mary said that she would buy it.
Mary said that she would appeal.
Mary said that she wasn't upset.
Mary said that she was worn out.
Mary said that she was starving.
Mary said that she was retiring.
Mary said that she was finished.
Mary said that she was betrayed.
Mary said that she was Canadian.
Mary said that she wants to win.
Mary said that she wants to die.
Mary said that she wanted to go.
Mary said that she tried to win.
Mary said that she quit her job.
Mary said that she needs a loan.
Mary said that she needed money.
Mary said that she lost her key.
Mary said that she knew who won.
Mary said that she isn't thirty.
Mary said that she isn't sleepy.
Mary said that she isn't hungry.
Mary said that she heard a shot.
Mary said that she had to split.
Mary said that she had to leave.
Mary said that she had no vices.
Mary said that she had no money.
Mary said that she had an alibi.
Mary said that she felt wronged.
Mary said that she felt trapped.
Mary said that she felt snubbed.
Mary said that she felt seasick.
Mary said that she felt nothing.
Mary said that she felt nervous.
Mary said that she felt foolish.
Mary said that she felt cheated.
Mary said that she felt awkward.
Mary said that she felt at home.
Mary said that she felt amazing.
Mary said that she feels strong.
Mary said that she feels better.
Mary said that she didn't smoke.
Mary said that she didn't agree.
Mary said that she did it wrong.
Mary said that she could fix it.
Mary said that she ate too much.
Mary said that it was her fault.
Mary said that her bus was late.
Mary said she's also frustrated.
Mary said she'd visit Australia.
Mary said she'd help me do that.
Mary said she'd go to Australia.
Mary said she'd do her homework.
Mary said she'd buy some stamps.
Mary said she'd be glad to help.
Mary said she would write to us.
Mary said she would sort it out.
Mary said she would do it again.
Mary said she wasn't overweight.
Mary said she wasn't handcuffed.
Mary said she wasn't a Canadian.
Mary said she was uncomfortable.
Mary said she was unable to win.
Mary said she was ready to help.
Mary said she was in Boston now.
Mary said she was going hunting.
Mary said she was getting antsy.
Mary said she was feeling great.
Mary said she was afraid to fly.
Mary said she was a new student.
Mary said she wanted to wrestle.
Mary said she wanted to do this.
Mary said she wanted a good job.
Mary said she paid income taxes.
Mary said she isn't a candidate.
Mary said she heard three shots.
Mary said she felt very nervous.
Mary said she felt like dancing.
Mary said she felt disappointed.
Mary said she didn't need money.
Mary said she could come get it.
Mary said she called the police.
Mary said she agreed to do that.
Mary said nobody could help her.
Mary sacrificed her life for us.
Mary rode her bike to the store.
Mary rode her bicycle to school.
Mary returned to her hotel room.
Mary resumed where she left off.
Mary respects her teacher a lot.
Mary regretted quitting her job.
Mary refused to let me help her.
Mary refused to change her mind.
Mary reformatted her hard drive.
Mary recently dyed her hair red.
Mary realizes what she has done.
Mary realized she was a suspect.
Mary realized she had no choice.
Mary realized she had a mission.
Mary realized she couldn't talk.
Mary quickly realized her error.
Mary quickly put on her clothes.
Mary quickly put her clothes on.
Mary put something in her mouth.
Mary put on her coat and gloves.
Mary put her sunglasses back on.
Mary put her shirt on backwards.
Mary put her keys in her pocket.
Mary put her headphones back on.
Mary put her hands on her knees.
Mary put her glass of wine down.
Mary put her finger to her lips.
Mary put her bag on the counter.
Mary put down her glass of wine.
Mary put all her stuff in a box.
Mary punished her son for lying.
Mary promised to clean her room.
Mary promised she'd do her best.
Mary promised she would do that.
Mary pretended she wasn't there.
Mary pretended she was a doctor.
Mary pretended she had a weapon.
Mary played on her college team.
Mary picked up her bag and left.
Mary picked her words carefully.
Mary paused to catch her breath.
Mary patted herself on the back.
Mary parked her car and got out.
Mary packed her things and left.
Mary opened her mouth to scream.
Mary only did half her homework.
Mary often talks about her work.
Mary often brings her work home.
Mary never talks about her work.
Mary never talks about her kids.
Mary never talks about her exes.
Mary never even knew her father.
Mary never came out of her coma.
Mary needs to pay what she owes.
Mary needs to pay her own debts.
Mary needs to cancel her flight.
Mary must conserve her strength.
Mary moved out of her apartment.
Mary may not like what she sees.
Mary made me carry her suitcase.
Mary lost her fight with cancer.
Mary lost her colleagues' trust.
Mary lost confidence in herself.
Mary looks like she's uncertain.
Mary looks like she's reluctant.
Mary looks like she's motivated.
Mary looks like she's delighted.
Mary looks like she's conscious.
Mary looks like she's confident.
Mary looks like she's committed.
Mary looks like she was stunned.
Mary looks like she saw a ghost.
Mary looks just like her sister.
Mary looked up from her notepad.
Mary looked like she was stoned.
Mary looked like she was guilty.
Mary looked as if she was angry.
Mary locked her keys in the car.
Mary locked her keys in her car.
Mary lives by herself in Boston.
Mary lived on her own for years.
Mary lived here her entire life.
Mary likes to sing, doesn't she?
Mary likes to hunt, doesn't she?
Mary likes oranges, doesn't she?
Mary likes most of her teachers.
Mary likes her beer really cold.
Mary likes fishing, doesn't she?
Mary likes drawing, doesn't she?
Mary likes cooking, doesn't she?
Mary liked everything she heard.
Mary liked everyone on her team.
Mary lied to protect her family.
Mary left her trumpet at school.
Mary left her office in a hurry.
Mary left her keys on the table.
Mary left her jacket in her car.
Mary left her house before dawn.
Mary left her gloves in the car.
Mary left her car at home today.
Mary left her apartment at 2:30.
Mary laughed and shook her head.
Mary later died from her wounds.
Mary later died from her injury.
Mary knows what she's got to do.
Mary knows she's in trouble now.
Mary knew she was being lied to.
Mary killed one of her hostages.
Mary killed herself last summer.
Mary keeps her boat at the pier.
Mary isn't who you think she is.
Mary isn't wearing her new coat.
Mary isn't wearing her lab coat.
Mary isn't very likable, is she?
Mary isn't very good at her job.
Mary isn't much like her sister.
Mary isn't contributing, is she?
Mary isn't able to swim, is she?
Mary isn't a cat person, is she?
Mary isn't a bus driver, is she?
Mary is worried, too, isn't she?
Mary is working hard, isn't she?
Mary is with someone, isn't she?
Mary is with her son, isn't she?
Mary is with friends, isn't she?
Mary is wearing blue, isn't she?
Mary is watching TV in her room.
Mary is wasting time, isn't she?
Mary is very worried, isn't she?
Mary is very strange, isn't she?
Mary is very happy her team won.
Mary is very excited, isn't she?
Mary is very busy with her work.
Mary is very bashful, isn't she?
Mary is very active for her age.
Mary is used to that, isn't she?
Mary is upstairs in her bedroom.
Mary is unprejudiced, isn't she?
Mary is the youngest, isn't she?
Mary is terrified of her father.
Mary is taller than her sisters.
Mary is taking a nap, isn't she?
Mary is still scared, isn't she?
Mary is still not ready, is she?
Mary is still not over her cold.
Mary is still inside, isn't she?
Mary is still in bed, isn't she?
Mary is still eating, isn't she?
Mary is still crying, isn't she?
Mary is still cleaning her room.
Mary is still around, isn't she?
Mary is still afraid, isn't she?
Mary is staying with her mother.
Mary is sleeping now, isn't she?
Mary is sleeping in her bedroom.
Mary is short, but she's strong.
Mary is safe for now, isn't she?
Mary is right-handed, isn't she?
Mary is repeating what she said.
Mary is really weird, isn't she?
Mary is really upset, isn't she?
Mary is really lucky, isn't she?
Mary is really funny, isn't she?
Mary is really drunk, isn't she?
Mary is quite stocky, isn't she?
Mary is quite sneaky, isn't she?
Mary is quite limber, isn't she?
Mary is quite greedy, isn't she?
Mary is quite famous, isn't she?
Mary is quite boring, isn't she?
Mary is quick-witted, isn't she?
Mary is probably up in her room.
Mary is pretty weird, isn't she?
Mary is pretty upset, isn't she?
Mary is pretty sharp, isn't she?
Mary is pretty proud of herself.
Mary is pretty happy, isn't she?
Mary is practicing her clarinet.
Mary is playing golf, isn't she?
Mary is partly right, isn't she?
Mary is overreacting, isn't she?
Mary is on her way to Australia.
Mary is off doing her own thing.
Mary is never satisfied, is she?
Mary is middle class, isn't she?
Mary is manipulative, isn't she?
Mary is making lunch, isn't she?
Mary is looking for her parents.
Mary is looking for her glasses.
Mary is living with her parents.
Mary is living alone, isn't she?
Mary is leaving soon, isn't she?
Mary is kind of lazy, isn't she?
Mary is kind of late, isn't she?
Mary is kind of busy, isn't she?
Mary is invited, too, isn't she?
Mary is in the attic, isn't she?
Mary is in bad shape, isn't she?
Mary is in a meeting, isn't she?
Mary is in Australia, isn't she?
Mary is hungry again, isn't she?
Mary is hoping they'll hire her.
Mary is here to stay, isn't she?
Mary is here to help, isn't she?
Mary is good at this, isn't she?
Mary is good at that, isn't she?
Mary is good at math, isn't she?
Mary is good at golf, isn't she?
Mary is going to win, isn't she?
Mary is going to sell her house.
Mary is going to get her chance.
Mary is going to die, isn't she?
Mary is going to cry, isn't she?
Mary is going back to her hotel.
Mary is getting help, isn't she?
Mary is generous with her money.
Mary is following us, isn't she?
Mary is exaggerating, isn't she?
Mary is exactly like her mother.
Mary is eating lunch, isn't she?
Mary is drinking tea, isn't she?
Mary is doing better, isn't she?
Mary is disorganized, isn't she?
Mary is discontented, isn't she?
Mary is disagreeable, isn't she?
Mary is diligent in her studies.
Mary is dead serious, isn't she?
Mary is crying again, isn't she?
Mary is contributing, isn't she?
Mary is considering her options.
Mary is coming today, isn't she?
Mary is clearly out of her mind.
Mary is chewing her fingernails.
Mary is calling from her office.
Mary is better off than she was.
Mary is back in town, isn't she?
Mary is back in jail, isn't she?
Mary is awfully sick, isn't she?
Mary is awfully calm, isn't she?
Mary is at the top of her class.
Mary is at the beach, isn't she?
Mary is approachable, isn't she?
Mary is an architect, isn't she?
Mary is an alcoholic, isn't she?
Mary is an adult now, isn't she?
Mary is ambidextrous, isn't she?
Mary is always early, isn't she?
Mary is always broke, isn't she?
Mary is already home, isn't she?
Mary is already here, isn't she?
Mary is already back, isn't she?
Mary is almost ready, isn't she?
Mary is almost broke, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of us, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of me, isn't she?
Mary is acting weird, isn't she?
Mary is about to cry, isn't she?
Mary is about thirty, isn't she?
Mary is about my age, isn't she?
Mary is a vegetarian, isn't she?
Mary is a strong kid, isn't she?
Mary is a sore loser, isn't she?
Mary is a songwriter, isn't she?
Mary is a slow eater, isn't she?
Mary is a pharmacist, isn't she?
Mary is a lot better, isn't she?
Mary is a little odd, isn't she?
Mary is a late riser, isn't she?
Mary is a hockey fan, isn't she?
Mary is a good skier, isn't she?
Mary is a good coach, isn't she?
Mary is a fast eater, isn't she?
Mary is a doctor now, isn't she?
Mary is a coal miner, isn't she?
Mary is a clever kid, isn't she?
Mary is a bus driver, isn't she?
Mary is a bright kid, isn't she?
Mary is a bricklayer, isn't she?
Mary is a big coward, isn't she?
Mary is a bad kisser, isn't she?
Mary is a bad driver, isn't she?
Mary insisted she was no killer.
Mary insisted on my helping her.
Mary hurt herself trying to win.
Mary hurt her arm when she fell.
Mary hopes she won't be demoted.
Mary hit the wall with her fist.
Mary herself might've done that.
Mary helped her son get dressed.
Mary held her breath and waited.
Mary heard something behind her.
Mary heard footsteps behind her.
Mary hasn't lost her confidence.
Mary has something in her hands.
Mary has seen a lot in her time.
Mary has returned from her trip.
Mary has problems with her back.
Mary has painted her room white.
Mary has no money in her pocket.
Mary has no children of her own.
Mary has made a fool of herself.
Mary has just told me her plans.
Mary has gone back to her hotel.
Mary has decided she'll do that.
Mary has completed her homework.
Mary has changed her mind again.
Mary has broken one of her legs.
Mary has been here all her life.
Mary has been dragging her feet.
Mary has a scar on her forehead.
Mary has a nasty cut on her leg.
Mary has a mother who loves her.
Mary has a lump on her forehead.
Mary has a crush on her teacher.
Mary has a chip on her shoulder.
Mary has a brother in Australia.
Mary hardly ever uses her phone.
Mary hardly ever keeps her word.
Mary had to resign from her job.
Mary had to admit she was wrong.
Mary had her left leg amputated.
Mary had her hair cut yesterday.
Mary had a run-in with her boss.
Mary had a problem with her car.
Mary had a big grin on her face.
Mary got more than she expected.
Mary got in trouble, didn't she?
Mary got fired on her first day.
Mary got drunk with her friends.
Mary got back on her motorcycle.
Mary gets mean when she's drunk.
Mary gave it everything she had.
Mary gave each of her sons $300.
Mary gave a drum set to her son.
Mary finishes her shift at 2:30.
Mary finished her glass of milk.
Mary finally found her way home.
Mary filled her plate with food.
Mary filled her glass with wine.
Mary felt someone touch her arm.
Mary felt herself being carried.
Mary felt a tap on her shoulder.
Mary failed to keep her promise.
Mary extinguished her cigarette.
Mary explained why she did this.
Mary explained how she did that.
Mary enjoyed her stay in Boston.
Mary dyes her hair, doesn't she?
Mary dug a hole in her backyard.
Mary drew me a map to her house.
Mary doesn't respect her father.
Mary doesn't know she's adopted.
Mary doesn't always get her way.
Mary does things in her own way.
Mary does everything she's told.
Mary does everything on her own.
Mary does everything by herself.
Mary died at her home in Boston.
Mary didn't take off her gloves.
Mary didn't take her gloves off.
Mary didn't regret her decision.
Mary didn't really like her job.
Mary didn't leave her apartment.
Mary didn't give up on her plan.
Mary didn't finish her sandwich.
Mary didn't finish her homework.
Mary didn't even lock her doors.
Mary didn't complete her degree.
Mary did that when she was here.
Mary deserves whatever she gets.
Mary denied she stole the money.
Mary definitely knows her stuff.
Mary cut her hand when she fell.
Mary cursed to herself silently.
Mary couldn't put her gloves on.
Mary couldn't hide her feelings.
Mary couldn't get her shoes off.
Mary couldn't finish her dinner.
Mary couldn't find her way back.
Mary couldn't find her passport.
Mary could do that in her sleep.
Mary clapped her hands together.
Mary claims that she's unbiased.
Mary claims that she didn't cry.
Mary claims she's taught French.
Mary claims she was brainwashed.
Mary claimed that she saw a UFO.
Mary can't win and she knows it.
Mary can't seem to help herself.
Mary can't go to Boston, either.
Mary can't get rid of her cough.
Mary can't get her car to start.
Mary can't do it all on her own.
Mary can't control her emotions.
Mary can't control her children.
Mary can barely feed her family.
Mary broke her arm last weekend.
Mary bought herself a new truck.
Mary bent over to tie her shoes.
Mary began putting on her shoes.
Mary became a mother in October.
Mary backed her car into a wall.
Mary backed her car into a tree.
Mary ate a sandwich at her desk.
Mary asked me to lend her money.
Mary asked me to give her money.
Mary asked her boss for a raise.
Mary apologized for her mistake.
Mary apologized for her actions.
Mary announced she was retiring.
Mary always kept her mouth shut.
Mary always keeps her room neat.
Mary always got what she wanted.
Mary almost forgot her umbrella.
Mary admitted that she was weak.
Mary admitted that she was sick.
Mary admitted that she was lost.
Mary admitted she'd been unfair.
Mary admitted she was uncertain.
Mary admitted she was terrified.
Mary admitted she was skeptical.
Mary admitted she was intrigued.
Mary admitted she was impressed.
Mary admitted she was exhausted.
Mary admitted she was desperate.
Mary admits she was overwhelmed.
Mary acknowledged she was upset.
Mary writes with her left hand.
Mary wiped her feet on the mat.
Mary will pay for what she did.
Mary went upstairs to her room.
Mary went to her room to study.
Mary went straight to her room.
Mary went out with her friends.
Mary went out to do her chores.
Mary went back to her hometown.
Mary went back into her office.
Mary waved her hand and smiled.
Mary wasn't so sure of herself.
Mary washes her hair every day.
Mary washes her car every week.
Mary washed her face and hands.
Mary was very rude, wasn't she?
Mary was very proud of herself.
Mary was very late, wasn't she?
Mary was told she couldn't win.
Mary was thrown from her horse.
Mary was surprised, wasn't she?
Mary was murdered in her sleep.
Mary was found dead in her bed.
Mary wants you to wash her car.
Mary wants things done her way.
Mary wanted to live on her own.
Mary wanted to change her life.
Mary wanted to call her lawyer.
Mary walked into her apartment.
Mary unrolled her sleeping bag.
Mary turned off her headlights.
Mary turned in her resignation.
Mary tried to protect her kids.
Mary tried to protect her face.
Mary tried to impress her boss.
Mary tried to hide her concern.
Mary tried to hide her anxiety.
Mary tried to control her fear.
Mary tried to catch her breath.
Mary tossed her dog some bread.
Mary took off her wedding ring.
Mary took her wedding ring off.
Mary took her foot off the gas.
Mary told me why she was angry.
Mary told me that she'd buy it.
Mary told me that she was well.
Mary told me that she was lazy.
Mary told me that she was fine.
Mary told me that she told you.
Mary told me that she liked it.
Mary told me that she knew you.
Mary told me that she felt hot.
Mary told me that she did that.
Mary told me that her dog died.
Mary told me she's very hungry.
Mary told me she's unimpressed.
Mary told me she's unconvinced.
Mary told me she's sympathetic.
Mary told me she's pessimistic.
Mary told me she's intoxicated.
Mary told me she's heartbroken.
Mary told me she's discouraged.
Mary told me she'd be discreet.
Mary told me she would help us.
Mary told me she would do that.
Mary told me she was unmarried.
Mary told me she was uninsured.
Mary told me she was undecided.
Mary told me she was terrified.
Mary told me she was surprised.
Mary told me she was satisfied.
Mary told me she was miserable.
Mary told me she was irritated.
Mary told me she was impressed.
Mary told me she was forgetful.
Mary told me she was bilingual.
Mary told me she wanted to win.
Mary told me she wanted to die.
Mary told me she speaks French.
Mary told me she might not win.
Mary told me she likes to swim.
Mary told me she had a problem.
Mary told me she could take it.
Mary told me she can't do that.
Mary told me her job was tough.
Mary told me about her new job.
Mary tied her boat to the dock.
Mary threw a stick for her dog.
Mary thought that she had time.
Mary thought she would be late.
Mary thought she saw a pattern.
Mary thought she might do that.
Mary thinks that she's in love.
Mary thinks that she knows why.
Mary thinks that she could win.
Mary thinks she's always right.
Mary thinks her life is boring.
Mary thanked me for hiring her.
Mary tapped her foot nervously.
Mary takes a bus to her office.
Mary swore she'd do that today.
Mary swallowed her chewing gum.
Mary suddenly changed her mind.
Mary stood and put on her coat.
Mary spoke with her supervisor.
Mary spoke with her mouth full.
Mary sounded like she meant it.
Mary smiled at you, didn't she?
Mary smiled and shook her head.
Mary smiled and raised her hat.
Mary slumped back in her chair.
Mary slept with her clothes on.
Mary sipped her tea in silence.
Mary sighed and shook her head.
Mary shut the door to her room.
Mary showed us her photo album.
Mary showed me her photo album.
Mary should've never done that.
Mary shook her head once again.
Mary shook her head in disgust.
Mary shook her head and smiled.
Mary shined her father's shoes.
Mary sent you here, didn't she?
Mary says that she detests war.
Mary says she's a good student.
Mary says she seldom does that.
Mary says she needs a vacation.
Mary says she misses Australia.
Mary says she has a lot to say.
Mary says she feels better now.
Mary says she doesn't buy that.
Mary says she doesn't blame us.
Mary said that she's very busy.
Mary said that she's skeptical.
Mary said that she's not tired.
Mary said that she's not happy.
Mary said that she's not alone.
Mary said that she's no expert.
Mary said that she's irritated.
Mary said that she's exhausted.
Mary said that she's desperate.
Mary said that she's depressed.
Mary said that she's concerned.
Mary said that she'll be there.
Mary said that she'd try again.
Mary said that she'd failed us.
Mary said that she'd eat fruit.
Mary said that she'd been busy.
Mary said that she would do it.
Mary said that she wasn't sure.
Mary said that she wasn't poor.
Mary said that she wasn't full.
Mary said that she was wounded.
Mary said that she was at home.
Mary said that she was ashamed.
Mary said that she wants to go.
Mary said that she walked home.
Mary said that she saw nothing.
Mary said that she plans to go.
Mary said that she may not win.
Mary said that she may do that.
Mary said that she likes pizza.
Mary said that she isn't upset.
Mary said that she isn't tired.
Mary said that she isn't happy.
Mary said that she isn't angry.
Mary said that she had to work.
Mary said that she had a knife.
Mary said that she freaked out.
Mary said that she felt uneasy.
Mary said that she felt strong.
Mary said that she felt scared.
Mary said that she felt lonely.
Mary said that she felt hungry.
Mary said that she felt guilty.
Mary said that she felt better.
Mary said that she feels tired.
Mary said that she feels great.
Mary said that she didn't swim.
Mary said that she didn't mind.
Mary said that she could do it.
Mary said she's not being used.
Mary said she'll look after me.
Mary said she'd found her keys.
Mary said she would look at it.
Mary said she wasn't impressed.
Mary said she was very nervous.
Mary said she was still afraid.
Mary said she was really happy.
Mary said she was no different.
Mary said she was in Australia.
Mary said she was here to stay.
Mary said she was going to die.
Mary said she was glad to help.
Mary said she was feeling fine.
Mary said she was appreciative.
Mary said she wanted to retire.
Mary said she wanted ice cream.
Mary said she never felt tired.
Mary said she felt very sleepy.
Mary said she felt very lonely.
Mary said she felt very guilty.
Mary said she felt responsible.
Mary said she felt overwhelmed.
Mary said she felt manipulated.
Mary said she felt lightheaded.
Mary said she felt intimidated.
Mary said she felt embarrassed.
Mary said she felt comfortable.
Mary said she felt a bit woozy.
Mary said she felt a bit tired.
Mary said she could do nothing.
Mary said her house was locked.
Mary said her efforts paid off.
Mary rubbed her palms together.
Mary rolled her window back up.
Mary rides her bicycle to work.
Mary resigned after her arrest.
Mary reluctantly took her seat.
Mary regretted what she'd done.
Mary read her children a story.
Mary ran to her car and got in.
Mary put the key in her pocket.
Mary put some salt on her eggs.
Mary put her things into a box.
Mary put her shirt on a hanger.
Mary put her money in the bank.
Mary put her keys on the table.
Mary put her house up for sale.
Mary probably missed her train.
Mary poured milk on her cereal.
Mary pointed down at her shoes.
Mary played her part very well.
Mary parked her car over there.
Mary paid with her credit card.
Mary overstepped her authority.
Mary opened her mouth to speak.
Mary opened her eyes very wide.
Mary opened her eyes once more.
Mary often lets me use her car.
Mary often breaks her promises.
Mary obviously knows her stuff.
Mary nodded her head in thanks.
Mary never talks about her job.
Mary never jokes about her job.
Mary never denied she did that.
Mary nervously got to her feet.
Mary needs to change her socks.
Mary needs someone to help her.
Mary nearly fell off her chair.
Mary must've forgotten her key.
Mary must make up her own mind.
Mary meant it when she said it.
Mary may have missed her train.
Mary may do anything she wants.
Mary makes her spaghetti spicy.
Mary made good use of her time.
Mary loved her children dearly.
Mary lost her driver's license.
Mary lost her camera in Boston.
Mary lost her balance and fell.
Mary looks like she's troubled.
Mary looks like she's thinking.
Mary looks like she's offended.
Mary looks like she's occupied.
Mary looks like she's in agony.
Mary looks like she's homeless.
Mary looks like she's hesitant.
Mary looks like she has a plan.
Mary looks as if she's in pain.
Mary looked like she was stuck.
Mary looked at her watch again.
Mary looked as if she was sick.
Mary looked around for her key.
Mary likes to ride her bicycle.
Mary likes sports, doesn't she?
Mary likes reggae, doesn't she?
Mary likes horses, doesn't she?
Mary likes hockey, doesn't she?
Mary likes coffee, doesn't she?
Mary likes all of her teachers.
Mary let me sing with her band.
Mary left the house to her son.
Mary left her windows unlocked.
Mary left her phone in her car.
Mary left her passport at home.
Mary left her hat on the table.
Mary left her bag on the train.
Mary learned from her mistakes.
Mary knows what she has to say.
Mary knows that we believe her.
Mary knows that she needs help.
Mary knows she hears something.
Mary knows she has to buy time.
Mary knows she can count on us.
Mary knew she was going to die.
Mary knew she was about to die.
Mary kept her illness a secret.
Mary kept her head above water.
Mary just came out of her coma.
Mary isn't wearing her glasses.
Mary isn't very polite, is she?
Mary isn't very hungry, is she?
Mary isn't used to her new job.
Mary isn't sure if she's right.
Mary isn't often wrong, is she?
Mary isn't here. She went home.
Mary isn't good enough, is she?
Mary isn't fast enough, is she?
Mary isn't celebrating, is she?
Mary isn't as bad as she looks.
Mary isn't always busy, is she?
Mary isn't a good cook, is she?
Mary is your nephew, isn't she?
Mary is worried for her safety.
Mary is working now, isn't she?
Mary is wearing red, isn't she?
Mary is way behind on her rent.
Mary is watching TV, isn't she?
Mary is very stupid, isn't she?
Mary is very strict, isn't she?
Mary is very stingy, isn't she?
Mary is very sneaky, isn't she?
Mary is very sleepy, isn't she?
Mary is very scared, isn't she?
Mary is very hungry, isn't she?
Mary is very clumsy, isn't she?
Mary is very clever, isn't she?
Mary is very bright, isn't she?
Mary is very active, isn't she?
Mary is up to her ears in debt.
Mary is unrelenting, isn't she?
Mary is unpacking her suitcase.
Mary is unemotional, isn't she?
Mary is unambitious, isn't she?
Mary is trying to sell her car.
Mary is trying to find herself.
Mary is trying hard, isn't she?
Mary is traditional, isn't she?
Mary is thickheaded, isn't she?
Mary is taller than her sister.
Mary is taller than her mother.
Mary is superficial, isn't she?
Mary is still upset, isn't she?
Mary is still not sure, is she?
Mary is still not safe, is she?
Mary is still not home, is she?
Mary is still not here, is she?
Mary is still not back, is she?
Mary is still in her apartment.
Mary is still awake, isn't she?
Mary is still angry, isn't she?
Mary is staying at her uncle's.
Mary is sorry for what she did.
Mary is soft-spoken, isn't she?
Mary is sick in bed, isn't she?
Mary is showing off, isn't she?
Mary is serious about her work.
Mary is scared out of her mind.
Mary is retired now, isn't she?
Mary is resting now, isn't she?
Mary is responsible, isn't she?
Mary is really sick, isn't she?
Mary is really mean, isn't she?
Mary is really late, isn't she?
Mary is really good at her job.
Mary is really cool, isn't she?
Mary is ready to go, isn't she?
Mary is reading in her bedroom.
Mary is rather slow, isn't she?
Mary is rather rich, isn't she?
Mary is quite young, isn't she?
Mary is quite picky, isn't she?
Mary is quite lucky, isn't she?
Mary is quite fussy, isn't she?
Mary is quite drunk, isn't she?
Mary is quite brave, isn't she?
Mary is quarrelsome, isn't she?
Mary is pretty tall, isn't she?
Mary is pretty sick, isn't she?
Mary is pretty dumb, isn't she?
Mary is pretty cute, isn't she?
Mary is pretty cool, isn't she?
Mary is pretty busy, isn't she?
Mary is presentable, isn't she?
Mary is playing with her yo-yo.
Mary is over thirty, isn't she?
Mary is out of work, isn't she?
Mary is out of town, isn't she?
Mary is out of food, isn't she?
Mary is on vacation, isn't she?
Mary is on the roof, isn't she?
Mary is on the list, isn't she?
Mary is on our side, isn't she?
Mary is on her own on this one.
Mary is on duty now, isn't she?
Mary is often wrong, isn't she?
Mary is now retired, isn't she?
Mary is now on duty, isn't she?
Mary is now married, isn't she?
Mary is now in jail, isn't she?
Mary is new in town, isn't she?
Mary is moving away, isn't she?
Mary is missing her right shoe.
Mary is married now, isn't she?
Mary is lying again, isn't she?
Mary is luckier than she knows.
Mary is living with her family.
Mary is left-handed, isn't she?
Mary is kind of shy, isn't she?
Mary is kind of fat, isn't she?
Mary is intoxicated, isn't she?
Mary is intelligent, isn't she?
Mary is influential, isn't she?
Mary is independent, isn't she?
Mary is in the room, isn't she?
Mary is in the park, isn't she?
Mary is in the army, isn't she?
Mary is in jail now, isn't she?
Mary is in her tent, isn't she?
Mary is in her seat, isn't she?
Mary is in her office, working.
Mary is ignoring me, isn't she?
Mary is hungry, too, isn't she?
Mary is hoping she'll be hired.
Mary is heavier than she looks.
Mary is heartbroken, isn't she?
Mary is hardworking, isn't she?
Mary is happy with her new car.
Mary is happier now, isn't she?
Mary is going to take her time.
Mary is going to paint her car.
Mary is going blind, isn't she?
Mary is going be OK, isn't she?
Mary is getting fat, isn't she?
Mary is generous with her time.
Mary is fixing that, isn't she?
Mary is eating cake, isn't she?
Mary is drunk again, isn't she?
Mary is domineering, isn't she?
Mary is doing her homework now.
Mary is doing great, isn't she?
Mary is disgusted with herself.
Mary is discouraged, isn't she?
Mary is crying, too, isn't she?
Mary is cooperating, isn't she?
Mary is cooking now, isn't she?
Mary is coming, too, isn't she?
Mary is coming soon, isn't she?
Mary is coming over, isn't she?
Mary is coming home, isn't she?
Mary is coming here on her own.
Mary is coming back, isn't she?
Mary is chewing gum, isn't she?
Mary is charismatic, isn't she?
Mary is busy with her research.
Mary is busy with her homework.
Mary is behind this, isn't she?
Mary is behind in her payments.
Mary is back where she started.
Mary is avoiding me, isn't she?
Mary is at home now, isn't she?
Mary is at her desk, isn't she?
Mary is as smart as her sister.
Mary is apt to lose her temper.
Mary is an optimist, isn't she?
Mary is an expert in her field.
Mary is an engineer, isn't she?
Mary is always late, isn't she?
Mary is always here, isn't she?
Mary is always busy, isn't she?
Mary is alone in her apartment.
Mary is almost done, isn't she?
Mary is almost deaf, isn't she?
Mary is afraid that she'll die.
Mary is adventurous, isn't she?
Mary is a therapist, isn't she?
Mary is a sophomore, isn't she?
Mary is a smart kid, isn't she?
Mary is a scientist, isn't she?
Mary is a real wimp, isn't she?
Mary is a real nerd, isn't she?
Mary is a paramedic, isn't she?
Mary is a nonsmoker, isn't she?
Mary is a guitarist, isn't she?
Mary is a great kid, isn't she?
Mary is a good liar, isn't she?
Mary is a good cook, isn't she?
Mary is a geologist, isn't she?
Mary is a carpenter, isn't she?
Mary is a bit drunk, isn't she?
Mary is a bit crazy, isn't she?
Mary is a bartender, isn't she?
Mary insisted she was innocent.
Mary insisted on her innocence.
Mary hung out with her friends.
Mary hid herself in the closet.
Mary held the book in her hand.
Mary hates to get her feet wet.
Mary hasn't yet sold her house.
Mary hasn't sold her house yet.
Mary hasn't learned her lesson.
Mary has to renew her passport.
Mary has to protect her family.
Mary has to pay her rent today.
Mary has something on her face.
Mary has something in her hand.
Mary has recently lost her job.
Mary has really let herself go.
Mary has lost her new umbrella.
Mary has her daughter with her.
Mary has finished her homework.
Mary has finally paid her rent.
Mary has admitted her mistakes.
Mary has a scar on her stomach.
Mary has a buyer for her house.
Mary handed her son a lollipop.
Mary had to fight for her life.
Mary had three people with her.
Mary had something in her hand.
Mary had scratches on her face.
Mary had scratches on her arms.
Mary had blisters on her hands.
Mary grabbed her coat and left.
Mary got yelled at by her boss.
Mary got off of her motorcycle.
Mary glanced over her shoulder.
Mary found herself a boyfriend.
Mary forgot to do her homework.
Mary forgot to call her mother.
Mary finally took off her coat.
Mary figured it out on her own.
Mary felt she was going to die.
Mary felt like she could do it.
Mary fell and scraped her knee.
Mary feeds her dog twice a day.
Mary eats more than her father.
Mary dyed her old T-shirt blue.
Mary doesn't want it, does she?
Mary doesn't keep her promises.
Mary does whatever we tell her.
Mary does what's right for her.
Mary does what is asked of her.
Mary does anything we tell her.
Mary didn't tell me her secret.
Mary didn't take off her shoes.
Mary didn't take her shoes off.
Mary didn't let me in her room.
Mary didn't give her real name.
Mary didn't do this by herself.
Mary did her best to stay calm.
Mary did as she was instructed.
Mary denied that she said that.
Mary decided to sell her house.
Mary couldn't restrain herself.
Mary couldn't put her socks on.
Mary couldn't make up her mind.
Mary couldn't keep her balance.
Mary couldn't find her glasses.
Mary couldn't believe her luck.
Mary couldn't believe her eyes.
Mary couldn't believe her ears.
Mary contradicts herself a lot.
Mary conferred with her lawyer.
Mary changed into her swimsuit.
Mary changed her email address.
Mary chained herself to a tree.
Mary certainly enjoys her wine.
Mary cares for her sick mother.
Mary cared for her sick father.
Mary can't walk on her own yet.
Mary can't keep her mouth shut.
Mary can't get her car started.
Mary bowed her head and prayed.
Mary bought her mother flowers.
Mary begged me not to hurt her.
Mary barely touched her dinner.
Mary ate her lunch at her desk.
Mary ate her breakfast quietly.
Mary asked me to do it for her.
Mary asked me to be her friend.
Mary answered her own question.
Mary always wears her seatbelt.
Mary almost spilled her coffee.
Mary admitted she'd lied to me.
Mary admitted she'd been wrong.
Mary admitted she wasn't ready.
Mary admitted she wasn't brave.
Mary admitted she was troubled.
Mary admitted she was homesick.
Mary admitted she was homeless.
Mary admitted she was famished.
Mary admitted she was divorced.
Mary admitted she was confused.
Mary admitted it was her fault.
Mary admits that she does that.
Mary acted like she was scared.
Mary wrote a memo to her boss.
Mary wouldn't let us help her.
Mary wouldn't let me kiss her.
Mary wouldn't let me help her.
Mary wouldn't do that herself.
Mary would never dye her hair.
Mary would know, wouldn't she?
Mary worked until she dropped.
Mary won't hurt herself again.
Mary won't change her opinion.
Mary will write to her sister.
Mary will help if you ask her.
Mary will come if you ask her.
Mary went back to her writing.
Mary went ahead with her plan.
Mary wears a wig, doesn't she?
Mary wasn't fighting, was she?
Mary washed her hands quickly.
Mary washed her dog yesterday.
Mary was out with her friends.
Mary was offered her job back.
Mary was mistaken, wasn't she?
Mary was hoping she could win.
Mary was doing what she loved.
Mary was arrested at her home.
Mary wants you all to herself.
Mary wants us to die with her.
Mary wants people to pity her.
Mary walked towards her house.
Mary walked toward her office.
Mary walked away from her car.
Mary turned on her headlights.
Mary tried to protect herself.
Mary took out her false teeth.
Mary took her camera with her.
Mary took everything with her.
Mary told us that she'd cried.
Mary told us she couldn't win.
Mary told us how she did that.
Mary told me you work for her.
Mary told me that she's first.
Mary told me that she'd leave.
Mary told me that she'd do it.
Mary told me that she was hot.
Mary told me she's unemployed.
Mary told me she's suspicious.
Mary told me she's interested.
Mary told me she's frightened.
Mary told me she'd leave soon.
Mary told me she'd come again.
Mary told me she'd be careful.
Mary told me she was unbiased.
Mary told me she was thrilled.
Mary told me she was relieved.
Mary told me she was positive.
Mary told me she was offended.
Mary told me she was homesick.
Mary told me she was homeless.
Mary told me she was flexible.
Mary told me she was famished.
Mary told me she was divorced.
Mary told me she was diabetic.
Mary told me she was agnostic.
Mary told me she wants to die.
Mary told me she wanted a dog.
Mary told me she tried to win.
Mary told me she needed space.
Mary told me she had to split.
Mary tied her dog to the tree.
Mary thought she heard a shot.
Mary thinks that she can sing.
Mary thinks she got a bargain.
Mary straightened up her room.
Mary straightened up her desk.
Mary straightened her glasses.
Mary started to doubt herself.
Mary stared at her coffee mug.
Mary slammed her bedroom door.
Mary sipped her coffee slowly.
Mary shook her head to say no.
Mary says she's ready to help.
Mary says she's pretty hungry.
Mary says she's feeling tired.
Mary says she'll come at once.
Mary says she'd hurt her back.
Mary says she likes marigolds.
Mary says she does that a lot.
Mary says she can't sing well.
Mary sat with her arms folded.
Mary sat in her rocking chair.
Mary sat down behind her desk.
Mary sat and drank her coffee.
Mary said that she's unbiased.
Mary said that she's unafraid.
Mary said that she's ticklish.
Mary said that she's prepared.
Mary said that she's not busy.
Mary said that she's innocent.
Mary said that she's grateful.
Mary said that she's confused.
Mary said that she's Canadian.
Mary said that she'll help us.
Mary said that she'll do that.
Mary said that she'd kill you.
Mary said that she'd complain.
Mary said that she'd call you.
Mary said that she'd been ill.
Mary said that she would wait.
Mary said that she would help.
Mary said that she would come.
Mary said that she was unhurt.
Mary said that she was thirty.
Mary said that she understood.
Mary said that she liked snow.
Mary said that she isn't sick.
Mary said that she isn't busy.
Mary said that she had a plan.
Mary said that she had a cold.
Mary said that she felt woozy.
Mary said that she felt tired.
Mary said that she felt lucky.
Mary said that she felt hated.
Mary said that she felt happy.
Mary said that she felt great.
Mary said that she felt alone.
Mary said that she feels sick.
Mary said that she feels fine.
Mary said that she enjoyed it.
Mary said that I made her cry.
Mary said she's quit drinking.
Mary said she'll probably win.
Mary said she'll probably cry.
Mary said she'd been betrayed.
Mary said she won't go ashore.
Mary said she wasn't finished.
Mary said she was very sleepy.
Mary said she was very lonely.
Mary said she was very hungry.
Mary said she was unimpressed.
Mary said she was unconvinced.
Mary said she was sympathetic.
Mary said she was pessimistic.
Mary said she was heartbroken.
Mary said she was embarrassed.
Mary said she was discouraged.
Mary said she was comfortable.
Mary said she was a bit tired.
Mary said she loved chocolate.
Mary said she lost her temper.
Mary said she isn't buying it.
Mary said she intended to win.
Mary said she had the day off.
Mary said she felt vulnerable.
Mary said she felt very tired.
Mary said she felt very happy.
Mary said she felt threatened.
Mary said she felt persecuted.
Mary said she felt invincible.
Mary said she felt humiliated.
Mary said she felt frustrated.
Mary said she doesn't do that.
Mary said she didn't know you.
Mary rushed out of her office.
Mary refused to pay her bills.
Mary really likes her new job.
Mary put the phone to her ear.
Mary put the baby in her crib.
Mary put on her rubber gloves.
Mary put on her right blinker.
Mary put a finger to her lips.
Mary pulled out her checkbook.
Mary pulled into her driveway.
Mary pretended she was afraid.
Mary played with her children.
Mary packed up her belongings.
Mary packed her bags and left.
Mary nodded her head and left.
Mary never varies her routine.
Mary never lost her composure.
Mary never gave up on herself.
Mary made you cry, didn't she?
Mary looks young, doesn't she?
Mary looks like she's wealthy.
Mary looks like she's trapped.
Mary looks like she's shocked.
Mary looks like she's relaxed.
Mary looks like she's pleased.
Mary looks like she's frantic.
Mary looks like she's certain.
Mary looks like she's anxious.
Mary looked like she was sure.
Mary looked like she was rich.
Mary looked like she was lost.
Mary looked like she was glad.
Mary looked down at her plate.
Mary looked down at her hands.
Mary likes riding her bicycle.
Mary leaves her TV on all day.
Mary later died of her wounds.
Mary knows what she did wrong.
Mary knows that she messed up.
Mary knows that it's her call.
Mary knows she'll be punished.
Mary knows I'm older than her.
Mary jumped up from her chair.
Mary isn't very funny, is she?
Mary isn't pulling her weight.
Mary isn't old enough, is she?
Mary isn't interested, is she?
Mary isn't a criminal, is she?
Mary isn't a Canadian, is she?
Mary is working in her garden.
Mary is wise beyond her years.
Mary is wasting her time here.
Mary is very upset, isn't she?
Mary is very tough, isn't she?
Mary is very quiet, isn't she?
Mary is very picky, isn't she?
Mary is very noisy, isn't she?
Mary is very messy, isn't she?
Mary is very lucky, isn't she?
Mary is very crazy, isn't she?
Mary is very brave, isn't she?
Mary is very bossy, isn't she?
Mary is still sick, isn't she?
Mary is still here, isn't she?
Mary is still busy, isn't she?
Mary is sleeping in her chair.
Mary is similar to her father.
Mary is sharpening her pencil.
Mary is selling herself short.
Mary is richer than she seems.
Mary is reviewing her options.
Mary is repairing her bicycle.
Mary is remorseful, isn't she?
Mary is really mad, isn't she?
Mary is quite mean, isn't she?
Mary is quite lazy, isn't she?
Mary is quite late, isn't she?
Mary is quite busy, isn't she?
Mary is poor, but she's happy.
Mary is persuaded she's right.
Mary is on the job, isn't she?
Mary is on her way, isn't she?
Mary is on her own, isn't she?
Mary is never on time, is she?
Mary is lavish with her money.
Mary is inflexible, isn't she?
Mary is in her car, isn't she?
Mary is in college, isn't she?
Mary is in a hurry, isn't she?
Mary is illiterate, isn't she?
Mary is having fun, isn't she?
Mary is happy here, isn't she?
Mary is going deaf, isn't she?
Mary is frightened, isn't she?
Mary is fairly shy, isn't she?
Mary is eating now, isn't she?
Mary is downstairs, isn't she?
Mary is doing well, isn't she?
Mary is doing that, isn't she?
Mary is doing fine, isn't she?
Mary is deaf in her right ear.
Mary is colorblind, isn't she?
Mary is checking her messages.
Mary is by herself, isn't she?
Mary is busy today, isn't she?
Mary is busy again, isn't she?
Mary is big-headed, isn't she?
Mary is back early, isn't she?
Mary is back again, isn't she?
Mary is at the gym, isn't she?
Mary is asleep now, isn't she?
Mary is asking us to help her.
Mary is an athlete, isn't she?
Mary is an atheist, isn't she?
Mary is an amateur, isn't she?
Mary is already up, isn't she?
Mary is a teenager, isn't she?
Mary is a preacher, isn't she?
Mary is a nice kid, isn't she?
Mary is a musician, isn't she?
Mary is a mechanic, isn't she?
Mary is a lot like her sister.
Mary is a lot like her father.
Mary is a lazy kid, isn't she?
Mary is a good kid, isn't she?
Mary is a freshman, isn't she?
Mary is a beginner, isn't she?
Mary is a bachelor, isn't she?
Mary is a Canadian, isn't she?
Mary insisted that I help her.
Mary hurried back to her room.
Mary hopped on her motorcycle.
Mary held her hat in her hand.
Mary heard a voice behind her.
Mary heard a noise behind her.
Mary has to pay her own debts.
Mary has sold all of her land.
Mary has passed all her exams.
Mary has nobody to advise her.
Mary has no one to advise her.
Mary has never washed her car.
Mary has asked us to help her.
Mary has a dashcam in her car.
Mary had a book under her arm.
Mary grabbed her bag and left.
Mary got on her bike and left.
Mary got it wrong, didn't she?
Mary glanced down at her feet.
Mary gave her horse some oats.
Mary found a hair in her soup.
Mary forgot to lock her house.
Mary felt she'd done her duty.
Mary felt her way in the dark.
Mary felt her phone vibrating.
Mary felt a pain in her chest.
Mary emptied her bank account.
Mary eats at her desk all day.
Mary dyed her hair dark brown.
Mary doesn't think she'll cry.
Mary doesn't think she snores.
Mary didn't wait for her turn.
Mary didn't take off her coat.
Mary didn't take her own life.
Mary didn't take her medicine.
Mary didn't like her sandwich.
Mary didn't know what hit her.
Mary didn't check her mailbox.
Mary didn't admit her mistake.
Mary did what she'd been told.
Mary did her best to catch up.
Mary denied she was the thief.
Mary decided she'd had enough.
Mary cried as she walked home.
Mary couldn't control herself.
Mary couldn't control her son.
Mary could hardly believe her.
Mary cooked all her own meals.
Mary completely lost her mind.
Mary completely lost her head.
Mary complained about her job.
Mary cleaned her room quickly.
Mary claims she was misquoted.
Mary chews on her fingernails.
Mary changed into her uniform.
Mary can't breathe on her own.
Mary can carry her own weight.
Mary bent down to pet her dog.
Mary asked me to wash her car.
Mary asked me not to help her.
Mary always answers her phone.
Mary admitted that she'd lied.
Mary admitted she'd been rude.
Mary admitted she wasn't sure.
Mary admitted she wasn't rich.
Mary admitted she was worried.
Mary admitted she was starved.
Mary admitted she was selfish.
Mary admitted she was married.
Mary admitted she was jealous.
Mary admitted she was curious.
Mary admitted she was baffled.
Mary admitted she was a thief.
Mary won't know what hit her.
Mary went out on her bicycle.
Mary was unlucky, wasn't she?
Mary was single all her life.
Mary was serious, wasn't she?
Mary was scared for her life.
Mary was pretty busy herself.
Mary was murdered in her bed.
Mary was mumbling to herself.
Mary was just doing her duty.
Mary wants me to believe her.
Mary wants her umbrella back.
Mary walked into her bedroom.
Mary vowed she'd never do it.
Mary turned off her computer.
Mary tucked her son into bed.
Mary tried to hide her tears.
Mary tried to hide her smile.
Mary tried to hide her anger.
Mary took off on her bicycle.
Mary took a sip of her drink.
Mary told me that she's last.
Mary told me that she'd wait.
Mary told me that she'd sing.
Mary told me that she'd lied.
Mary told me that she'd help.
Mary told me that she'd come.
Mary told me she's terrified.
Mary told me she's skeptical.
Mary told me she's irritated.
Mary told me she's exhausted.
Mary told me she's depressed.
Mary told me she'd done that.
Mary told me she'd be absent.
Mary told me she was worried.
Mary told me she was wealthy.
Mary told me she was through.
Mary told me she was stuffed.
Mary told me she was serious.
Mary told me she was psyched.
Mary told me she was married.
Mary told me she was certain.
Mary told me she had a knife.
Mary thought she was a goner.
Mary thinks that she's ready.
Mary thinks that she's funny.
Mary thinks that she can win.
Mary thinks she's invincible.
Mary thinks she's infallible.
Mary thinks she's a big shot.
Mary started her own company.
Mary stared down at her feet.
Mary slammed her locker shut.
Mary silently shook her head.
Mary should change her locks.
Mary set down her paintbrush.
Mary says that she can't win.
Mary says she won't ever win.
Mary says she teaches French.
Mary says she studies French.
Mary says she intends to win.
Mary says she hates to study.
Mary says she can see ghosts.
Mary saw her parents arguing.
Mary sat on her father's lap.
Mary sat at her desk working.
Mary said that she's unlucky.
Mary said that she's unhappy.
Mary said that she's thirsty.
Mary said that she's starved.
Mary said that she's retired.
Mary said that she's puzzled.
Mary said that she's pleased.
Mary said that she's nervous.
Mary said that she's jealous.
Mary said that she's healthy.
Mary said that she's furious.
Mary said that she's excited.
Mary said that she's curious.
Mary said that she's annoyed.
Mary said that she'd help us.
Mary said that she'd call me.
Mary said that she'd be here.
Mary said that she'd be back.
Mary said that she would try.
Mary said that she won't win.
Mary said that she won't cry.
Mary said that she was dying.
Mary said that she should go.
Mary said that she might win.
Mary said that she might die.
Mary said that she might cry.
Mary said that she isn't mad.
Mary said that she has to go.
Mary said that she had to go.
Mary said that she felt weak.
Mary said that she felt sick.
Mary said that she felt safe.
Mary said that she felt hurt.
Mary said that she felt good.
Mary said that she felt fine.
Mary said that she felt cold.
Mary said that she disagrees.
Mary said that concerned her.
Mary said she's not doing it.
Mary said she'd pay the bill.
Mary said she was very drunk.
Mary said she was unemployed.
Mary said she was suspicious.
Mary said she was supportive.
Mary said she was optimistic.
Mary said she was in a hurry.
Mary said she was frightened.
Mary said she was displeased.
Mary said she was a Canadian.
Mary said she wanted revenge.
Mary said she loved baseball.
Mary said she heard gunshots.
Mary said she had a hard day.
Mary said she had a contract.
Mary said she felt wonderful.
Mary said she felt reassured.
Mary said she felt powerless.
Mary said she felt neglected.
Mary said she felt fantastic.
Mary said she felt desperate.
Mary said it belonged to her.
Mary rose slowly to her feet.
Mary refilled her coffee mug.
Mary refilled her coffee cup.
Mary really enjoyed her meal.
Mary reached into her pocket.
Mary reached for her glasses.
Mary put on her hat and left.
Mary put her key in the door.
Mary put her hat on and left.
Mary put her goggles back on.
Mary put her glasses back on.
Mary put her coffee cup down.
Mary put her clothes back on.
Mary put down her paintbrush.
Mary pulled herself together.
Mary pretended she had a gun.
Mary predicted her own death.
Mary plugged in her computer.
Mary played her highest card.
Mary pays her debts promptly.
Mary pat her son on the back.
Mary pat her dog on the head.
Mary oiled her bicycle chain.
Mary often screens her calls.
Mary never knew what hit her.
Mary needs you in her office.
Mary needs to see her lawyer.
Mary must've had her reasons.
Mary must be out of her mind.
Mary murdered her own father.
Mary may have missed her bus.
Mary loved her grandchildren.
Mary lost her son in the war.
Mary lost her keys yesterday.
Mary lost her entire savings.
Mary looks like she's unhurt.
Mary looks like she's rested.
Mary looks as if she's drunk.
Mary looked up from her work.
Mary looked like she was wet.
Mary looked like she was sad.
Mary looked like she was hot.
Mary looked down at her feet.
Mary likes her new job a lot.
Mary likes her coffee strong.
Mary left her laptop at home.
Mary left her hat in the car.
Mary leaned on her ski poles.
Mary laughed at her own joke.
Mary knows we believe in her.
Mary knows that we trust her.
Mary knows she can trust you.
Mary knew that she would win.
Mary knew that she was right.
Mary kissed her kids goodbye.
Mary kicked off her sneakers.
Mary kept checking her watch.
Mary keeps her uniform clean.
Mary isn't very tall, is she?
Mary isn't so bright, is she?
Mary isn't religious, is she?
Mary isn't a student, is she?
Mary is your boss, isn't she?
Mary is very sick, isn't she?
Mary is very lazy, isn't she?
Mary is very busy, isn't she?
Mary is updating her website.
Mary is unmarried, isn't she?
Mary is two-faced, isn't she?
Mary is tone deaf, isn't she?
Mary is there now, isn't she?
Mary is studying at her desk.
Mary is still mad, isn't she?
Mary is skeptical, isn't she?
Mary is scared of her father.
Mary is sarcastic, isn't she?
Mary is safe here, isn't she?
Mary is reputable, isn't she?
Mary is renovating her house.
Mary is ready now, isn't she?
Mary is putting her shoes on.
Mary is playing with her son.
Mary is playing with her dog.
Mary is out there, isn't she?
Mary is on her way to school.
Mary is off today, isn't she?
Mary is now truly on her own.
Mary is never around, is she?
Mary is mad at us, isn't she?
Mary is mad at me, isn't she?
Mary is listening, isn't she?
Mary is liked by her friends.
Mary is irritated, isn't she?
Mary is incorrect, isn't she?
Mary is in school, isn't she?
Mary is in danger, isn't she?
Mary is in charge, isn't she?
Mary is important, isn't she?
Mary is hung over, isn't she?
Mary is happy now, isn't she?
Mary is from here, isn't she?
Mary is exhausted, isn't she?
Mary is entertaining herself.
Mary is eccentric, isn't she?
Mary is desperate, isn't she?
Mary is depressed, isn't she?
Mary is dedicated to her job.
Mary is dangerous, isn't she?
Mary is conscious, isn't she?
Mary is confident she'll win.
Mary is cleaning her glasses.
Mary is back in her hometown.
Mary is awake now, isn't she?
Mary is angry now, isn't she?
Mary is an artist, isn't she?
Mary is all right, isn't she?
Mary is all alone, isn't she?
Mary is a suspect, isn't she?
Mary is a surgeon, isn't she?
Mary is a soldier, isn't she?
Mary is a plumber, isn't she?
Mary is a painter, isn't she?
Mary is a janitor, isn't she?
Mary is a drummer, isn't she?
Mary is a dreamer, isn't she?
Mary is a dentist, isn't she?
Mary is a butcher, isn't she?
Mary heard her phone ringing.
Mary hates this, doesn't she?
Mary hasn't touched her food.
Mary has denied she did that.
Mary has broken her left leg.
Mary has bags under her eyes.
Mary has a lot going for her.
Mary has a growth on her arm.
Mary has a brother in Boston.
Mary had her hair dyed black.
Mary had a smirk on her face.
Mary had a knife, didn't she?
Mary had a drink in her hand.
Mary got her painting framed.
Mary gave everything she had.
Mary forgot her grocery list.
Mary forced herself to speak.
Mary finished her meal first.
Mary finally lost her temper.
Mary figures she's not alone.
Mary felt a pain in her side.
Mary dug a grave for her dog.
Mary doesn't smoke, does she?
Mary doesn't leave her house.
Mary doesn't know I like her.
Mary doesn't know I hate her.
Mary didn't take it with her.
Mary didn't identify herself.
Mary didn't believe her eyes.
Mary didn't answer her phone.
Mary did more than her share.
Mary did it for her children.
Mary denied that she laughed.
Mary cried when her dog died.
Mary couldn't hide her anger.
Mary couldn't find her shoes.
Mary could've kicked herself.
Mary considers herself lucky.
Mary closed her eyes tightly.
Mary claims that she's happy.
Mary claims she's telepathic.
Mary claims she didn't do it.
Mary claimed she acted alone.
Mary checked her phone again.
Mary can't remember her name.
Mary can't manage on her own.
Mary calculated her expenses.
Mary brought this on herself.
Mary brought her son to work.
Mary bowed her head in shame.
Mary asked us to forgive her.
Mary asked me to go with her.
Mary asked me to forgive her.
Mary already knew she was OK.
Mary admitted she was lonely.
Mary admitted she was hungry.
Mary admitted she was biased.
Mary admitted she used drugs.
Mary admitted she didn't win.
Mary admitted she didn't cry.
Mary admits that she's cried.
Mary admits she's left early.
Mary admits she wasn't happy.
Mary wouldn't pay her bills.
Mary will do it her own way.
Mary watched from her porch.
Mary wasn't wearing her hat.
Mary was just going her job.
Mary was bored with her job.
Mary was asleep in her room.
Mary was afraid, wasn't she?
Mary wants us to follow her.
Mary wants me to follow her.
Mary wanted to sell her car.
Mary wanted to kill herself.
Mary wanted to find her son.
Mary wanted to dye her hair.
Mary wanted me to visit her.
Mary walked towards her car.
Mary walked back to her car.
Mary unwrapped her sandwich.
Mary tried to hide her pain.
Mary tried to hide her fear.
Mary took off her earphones.
Mary took notes, didn't she?
Mary told me that she'd win.
Mary told me that she'd try.
Mary told me that she cried.
Mary told me she's unbiased.
Mary told me she's unafraid.
Mary told me she's ticklish.
Mary told me she's prepared.
Mary told me she'd be alone.
Mary told me she was strong.
Mary told me she was strict.
Mary thinks that I love her.
Mary thinks she'll die soon.
Mary switched off her light.
Mary stretched out her legs.
Mary stole her father's car.
Mary squeezed her eyes shut.
Mary slowly closed her eyes.
Mary sipped her wine slowly.
Mary shut down her computer.
Mary should let me help her.
Mary searched in her pocket.
Mary says she's never cried.
Mary says she used steroids.
Mary says she can swim well.
Mary said you stole her car.
Mary said that she's unhurt.
Mary said that she's sleepy.
Mary said that she's scared.
Mary said that she's lonely.
Mary said that she's hungry.
Mary said that she's afraid.
Mary said that she'll laugh.
Mary said that she'd be out.
Mary said that she was well.
Mary said that she told you.
Mary said that she may wait.
Mary said that she liked it.
Mary said that she knew you.
Mary said that she hated me.
Mary said that she felt hot.
Mary said that she felt bad.
Mary said she would help me.
Mary said she would do that.
Mary said she would be here.
Mary said she wasn't lonely.
Mary said she wasn't afraid.
Mary said she was very busy.
Mary said she was skeptical.
Mary said she was satisfied.
Mary said she was dog-tired.
Mary said she was desperate.
Mary said she was depressed.
Mary said she was concerned.
Mary said she was all alone.
Mary said she wanted to die.
Mary said she needed a rest.
Mary said she loved animals.
Mary said she isn't thirsty.
Mary said she felt terrific.
Mary said she felt terrible.
Mary said she felt repulsed.
Mary said she felt relieved.
Mary said she felt rejected.
Mary said she felt left out.
Mary said she felt homesick.
Mary said she felt helpless.
Mary said she felt excluded.
Mary said she felt confused.
Mary said she felt betrayed.
Mary said she couldn't swim.
Mary rushed out of her room.
Mary rushed into her office.
Mary risked her life for us.
Mary returned to her office.
Mary recanted her testimony.
Mary realized she might die.
Mary reached under her seat.
Mary predeceased her father.
Mary pondered her next move.
Mary passed her French test.
Mary passed her French exam.
Mary opened her desk drawer.
Mary often talks to her dog.
Mary needed to wash her car.
Mary must pay what she owes.
Mary may go if she wants to.
Mary made me clean her room.
Mary lowered her binoculars.
Mary lost her hold and fell.
Mary looked around her room.
Mary licked her plate clean.
Mary let me sit next to her.
Mary knows that she cheated.
Mary knows that she can win.
Mary knows she can trust us.
Mary knows she can trust me.
Mary knows I don't like her.
Mary knew where her car was.
Mary knew she ought to move.
Mary knew she had to escape.
Mary isn't sure she can win.
Mary isn't here now, is she?
Mary isn't fighting, is she?
Mary isn't babbling, is she?
Mary isn't a member, is she?
Mary is writing at her desk.
Mary is with you, isn't she?
Mary is wearing her uniform.
Mary is watering her garden.
Mary is watching, isn't she?
Mary is wasteful, isn't she?
Mary is very fat, isn't she?
Mary is upstairs, isn't she?
Mary is taking off her coat.
Mary is swimming, isn't she?
Mary is stirring her coffee.
Mary is still up, isn't she?
Mary is stalling, isn't she?
Mary is sitting on her bunk.
Mary is safe now, isn't she?
Mary is putting on her coat.
Mary is proud of her family.
Mary is pretty busy herself.
Mary is out walking her dog.
Mary is on her bunk reading.
Mary is new here, isn't she?
Mary is never wrong, is she?
Mary is muscular, isn't she?
Mary is mistaken, isn't she?
Mary is looking for her dog.
Mary is looking for her cat.
Mary is keeping her promise.
Mary is just doing her duty.
Mary is in no hurry, is she?
Mary is in her mid-thirties.
Mary is homesick, isn't she?
Mary is folding her clothes.
Mary is finished, isn't she?
Mary is fighting, isn't she?
Mary is doing OK, isn't she?
Mary is divorced, isn't she?
Mary is diabetic, isn't she?
Mary is devoted to her work.
Mary is confused, isn't she?
Mary is bluffing, isn't she?
Mary is babbling, isn't she?
Mary is asleep in her chair.
Mary is a tailor, isn't she?
Mary is a smoker, isn't she?
Mary is a member, isn't she?
Mary is a lawyer, isn't she?
Mary is a farmer, isn't she?
Mary is a barber, isn't she?
Mary is a banker, isn't she?
Mary is Canadian, isn't she?
Mary invited me to join her.
Mary hung her cap on a nail.
Mary helped you, didn't she?
Mary has told me she'll win.
Mary has to brush her teeth.
Mary has things on her mind.
Mary has said she won't win.
Mary has said she can't win.
Mary has nobody to help her.
Mary has no one to help her.
Mary has made herself clear.
Mary has done her work well.
Mary has denied she cheated.
Mary has admitted her guilt.
Mary has achieved her goals.
Mary has a lot on her plate.
Mary hanged herself in jail.
Mary had to change her plan.
Mary had no one to help her.
Mary got custody of her son.
Mary gave a bone to her dog.
Mary forgot to feed her dog.
Mary followed her instincts.
Mary flashed her headlights.
Mary filled her glass again.
Mary felt her phone vibrate.
Mary felt her knees tremble.
Mary fell and broke her leg.
Mary expects me to help her.
Mary drowned in her bathtub.
Mary died from her injuries.
Mary didn't raise her voice.
Mary didn't mince her words.
Mary didn't lose her temper.
Mary didn't like her mother.
Mary didn't eat her dessert.
Mary decided to do her best.
Mary couldn't pay her bills.
Mary couldn't open her hand.
Mary couldn't move her legs.
Mary couldn't hide her pain.
Mary considered her options.
Mary completed her painting.
Mary climbed into her truck.
Mary choked on her sandwich.
Mary certainly did her part.
Mary cares about her health.
Mary can't do it by herself.
Mary came out of her office.
Mary burned her report card.
Mary bullied her classmates.
Mary ate until she was full.
Mary asked us to follow her.
Mary and her team are ready.
Mary always speaks her mind.
Mary allowed us to help her.
Mary admitted that she lied.
Mary admitted she was tired.
Mary admitted she was broke.
Mary admits she wasn't sure.
Mary admits she often cries.
Mary wrote about her ideas.
Mary works out of her home.
Mary won't let us help her.
Mary won't let me help her.
Mary wishes she hadn't won.
Mary wished she hadn't won.
Mary will have her own way.
Mary went to get her stuff.
Mary went back to her farm.
Mary was wrong, wasn't she?
Mary was shown to her seat.
Mary was acting on her own.
Mary wants you to help her.
Mary wants me to coach her.
Mary wants her money today.
Mary wanted me to help her.
Mary wanted her money back.
Mary walked toward her car.
Mary walked into her house.
Mary used up all her water.
Mary used up all her money.
Mary unzipped her knapsack.
Mary unzipped her backpack.
Mary unrolled her yoga mat.
Mary turned on her blinker.
Mary took out her earplugs.
Mary told us she could win.
Mary told me she's thirsty.
Mary told me she's starved.
Mary told me she's retired.
Mary told me she's puzzled.
Mary told me she's pleased.
Mary told me she's nervous.
Mary told me she's jealous.
Mary told me she'd be fair.
Mary told me she was tense.
Mary told me she was short.
Mary told me she was lucky.
Mary told me she was early.
Mary told me she was dizzy.
Mary told me she might win.
Mary thought she was a cat.
Mary thought she should go.
Mary thought she might win.
Mary swore she'd never cry.
Mary swears she didn't cry.
Mary stopped in her tracks.
Mary staggered to her feet.
Mary slowly drank her wine.
Mary slipped off her shoes.
Mary slipped into her robe.
Mary sleeps on her stomach.
Mary slammed on her brakes.
Mary shut off her computer.
Mary showed us her new car.
Mary set fire to her house.
Mary scrambled to her feet.
Mary says she wants to win.
Mary says she plans to win.
Mary says she never dreams.
Mary says she likes to win.
Mary sat alone in her room.
Mary said that worried her.
Mary said that she's upset.
Mary said that she's tired.
Mary said that she's ready.
Mary said that she's drunk.
Mary said that she's broke.
Mary said that she's bored.
Mary said that she's angry.
Mary said that she's alone.
Mary said that she'll wait.
Mary said that she'll sing.
Mary said that she'd leave.
Mary said she's a Canadian.
Mary said she'd likely win.
Mary said she wouldn't win.
Mary said she would buy it.
Mary said she would appeal.
Mary said she wasn't ready.
Mary said she wasn't lucky.
Mary said she wasn't drunk.
Mary said she was unbiased.
Mary said she was unafraid.
Mary said she was ticklish.
Mary said she was prepared.
Mary said she was innocent.
Mary said she was homesick.
Mary said she was grateful.
Mary said she was betrayed.
Mary said she wants to die.
Mary said she heard a shot.
Mary said she had to split.
Mary said she had an alibi.
Mary said she felt wronged.
Mary said she felt trapped.
Mary said she felt snubbed.
Mary said she felt nothing.
Mary said she felt nervous.
Mary said she felt foolish.
Mary said she felt cheated.
Mary said she felt awkward.
Mary said she felt at home.
Mary said she felt amazing.
Mary repacked her suitcase.
Mary referred to her notes.
Mary redoubled her efforts.
Mary really let herself go.
Mary reached for her phone.
Mary reached for her drink.
Mary ran to get her camera.
Mary put on her snow boots.
Mary punched her time card.
Mary pulled out her laptop.
Mary promised me she'd win.
Mary parked her car nearby.
Mary opened her eyes again.
Mary often visits her aunt.
Mary never knew her father.
Mary neglected her studies.
Mary makes her own choices.
Mary made her mother happy.
Mary looks like she's well.
Mary looks like she's sure.
Mary looks like she's rich.
Mary looks like she's poor.
Mary looks like she's lost.
Mary looks like she's glad.
Mary looked at her notepad.
Mary looked at her compass.
Mary knows that I like her.
Mary knows she can do that.
Mary knows her limitations.
Mary killed her own father.
Mary jumped out of her car.
Mary isn't wearing her hat.
Mary isn't the one, is she?
Mary isn't so tall, is she?
Mary isn't so sure, is she?
Mary isn't so kind, is she?
Mary isn't missing, is she?
Mary is zealous, isn't she?
Mary is worried, isn't she?
Mary is working, isn't she?
Mary is waiting, isn't she?
Mary is through, isn't she?
Mary is thrifty, isn't she?
No one knows who did it.
Mary is studying her notes.
Mary is strange, isn't she?
Mary is staying, isn't she?
Mary is slender, isn't she?
Mary is skilled, isn't she?
Mary is skating, isn't she?
Mary is sitting on her bed.
Mary is sitting in her car.
Mary is shallow, isn't she?
Mary is scruffy, isn't she?
Mary is riding her bicycle.
Mary is radical, isn't she?
Mary is prudent, isn't she?
Mary is present, isn't she?
Mary is pompous, isn't she?
Mary is pleased, isn't she?
Mary is painting her fence.
Mary is packing, isn't she?
Mary is outside, isn't she?
Mary is on duty, isn't she?
Mary is never late, is she?
Mary is naughty, isn't she?
Mary is kidding, isn't she?
Mary is invited, isn't she?
Mary is in town, isn't she?
Mary is in pain, isn't she?
Mary is in love, isn't she?
Mary is in jail, isn't she?
Mary is happy with her car.
Mary is furious, isn't she?
Mary is first in her class.
Mary is finishing her work.
Mary is dubious, isn't she?
Mary is dieting, isn't she?
Mary is curious, isn't she?
Mary is calling her mother.
Mary is busy with her work.
Mary is asleep on her bunk.
Mary is a vegan, isn't she?
Mary is a rebel, isn't she?
Mary is a prude, isn't she?
No one knows who killed Tom.
Tom knows who did it.
Tom knows who did it, but he won't tell anyone.
Mary is a pilot, isn't she?
Mary is a minor, isn't she?
Mary is a miner, isn't she?
Mary is a guard, isn't she?
Mary is a crook, isn't she?
Mary is a creep, isn't she?
Mary is a coach, isn't she?
Mary is a boxer, isn't she?
Mary has sold all her land.
Mary has made her decision.
Mary has her mother's eyes.
Mary has crucified herself.
Mary has changed her plans.
Mary has canceled her trip.
Mary has altered her plans.
Mary has a pen in her hand.
Mary had to sell her house.
Mary had tears in her eyes.
Mary had a pen in her hand.
Mary got up from her stool.
Mary got down on her knees.
Mary fidgeted in her chair.
Mary doesn't like her name.
Mary didn't touch her food.
Mary didn't drink her milk.
Mary didn't do it, did she?
Mary didn't bring her keys.
Mary did it in her own way.
Mary did her job very well.
Mary did her best to smile.
Mary denies that she cried.
Mary denies she left early.
Mary denied that she cried.
Mary denied she left early.
Mary defended her findings.
Mary cut it with her knife.
Mary couldn't pay her rent.
Mary claims she didn't cry.
Mary can't hold her liquor.
Mary can walk on her hands.
Mary brought it on herself.
Mary begged me to help her.
Mary asked us to trust her.
Mary almost killed herself.
Mary admitted she was weak.
Mary admitted she was sick.
Mary admitted she was lost.
Mary admitted she was lazy.
Mary admitted she was cold.
Mary won't help, will she?
Mary wishes she could fly.
Mary wished she were dead.
Mary wished she could fly.
Mary wiped away her tears.
Mary will get her revenge.
Mary will change her mind.
Mary was rude, wasn't she?
Mary wants us to help her.
Mary wants to see her son.
Mary wants it for herself.
Mary wanted her land back.
Mary walked to her office.
Mary used her imagination.
Mary took her son to work.
Mary told me that she won.
Mary told me she's sleepy.
Mary told me she's scared.
Mary told me she's lonely.
Mary told me she's afraid.
Mary told me she was safe.
Mary told me she was next.
Mary told me she was lost.
Mary told me she was lazy.
Mary told me she was glad.
Mary told me she was full.
Mary told me she was free.
Mary told me her dog died.
Mary thinks she could win.
Mary talked about her job.
Mary swore she didn't cry.
Mary swears she won't cry.
Mary stuck out her tongue.
Mary stood up for herself.
Mary staged her own death.
Mary squirmed in her seat.
Mary sharpened her pencil.
Mary sent you, didn't she?
Mary searched her pockets.
Mary says she's very busy.
Mary says she's undecided.
Mary says she's desperate.
Mary says she sings tenor.
Mary says she never cried.
Mary says she didn't swim.
Mary said that she's well.
Mary said that she's weak.
Mary said that she's sick.
Mary said that she's safe.
Mary said that she's fine.
Mary said that she's done.
Mary said that she's cold.
Mary said that she's busy.
Mary said that she'll win.
Mary said that she snored.
Mary said that she agreed.
Mary said she's no expert.
Mary said she's irritated.
Mary said she'd failed us.
Mary said she'd eat fruit.
Mary said she'd been busy.
Mary said she would do it.
Mary said she wasn't rich.
Mary said she wasn't poor.
Mary said she wasn't free.
Mary said she wasn't cold.
Mary said she was worried.
Mary said she was unlucky.
Mary said she was starved.
Mary said she was retired.
Mary said she was relaxed.
Mary said she was puzzled.
Mary said she was pleased.
Mary said she was married.
Mary said she was jealous.
Mary said she was healthy.
Mary said she was furious.
Mary said she was excited.
Mary said she was curious.
Mary said she was ashamed.
Mary said she was annoyed.
Mary said she may not win.
Mary said she felt uneasy.
Mary said she felt lonely.
Mary said she felt guilty.
Mary said she felt better.
Mary said she didn't swim.
Mary said she didn't mind.
Mary repaired her bicycle.
Mary read her son a story.
Mary put away her clothes.
Mary pulled up in her car.
Mary pointed to her watch.
Mary plunged to her death.
Mary pleaded for her life.
Mary opened her eyes wide.
Mary often loses her keys.
Mary nodded her agreement.
Mary neglected her family.
Mary must've hit her head.
Mary must miss her family.
Mary massaged her temples.
Mary made herself a drink.
Mary looks like she's hot.
Mary lied about her grade.
Mary let me stay with her.
Mary left her dog outside.
Mary leaped from her seat.
Mary knows we believe her.
Mary isn't what she seems.
Mary isn't famous, is she?
Mary isn't doing her best.
Mary isn't crying, is she?
Mary isn't coming, is she?
Mary isn't afraid, is she?
Mary is wasted, isn't she?
Mary is unlike her sister.
Mary is trying, isn't she?
Mary is thirty, isn't she?
Mary is sucking her thumb.
Mary is stupid, isn't she?
Mary is strict, isn't she?
Mary is stingy, isn't she?
Mary is still at her desk.
Mary is skiing, isn't she?
Mary is selling her house.
Mary is safe where she is.
Mary is painting her room.
Mary is nearby, isn't she?
Mary is my age, isn't she?
Mary is moving, isn't she?
Mary is losing, isn't she?
Mary is lonely, isn't she?
Mary is joking, isn't she?
Mary is inside, isn't she?
Mary is insane, isn't she?
Mary is in bed, isn't she?
Mary is immune, isn't she?
Mary is hiding, isn't she?
Mary is famous, isn't she?
Mary is eating, isn't she?
Mary is creepy, isn't she?
Mary is cranky, isn't she?
Mary is crafty, isn't she?
Mary is coming, isn't she?
Mary is clever, isn't she?
Mary is bright, isn't she?
Mary is biased, isn't she?
Mary is better, isn't she?
Mary is asleep in her bed.
Mary is alone in her room.
Mary is afraid, isn't she?
Mary is abroad, isn't she?
Mary is a wimp, isn't she?
Mary is a twin, isn't she?
Mary is a snob, isn't she?
Mary is a slob, isn't she?
Mary is a poet, isn't she?
Mary is a nerd, isn't she?
Mary is a monk, isn't she?
Mary is a liar, isn't she?
Mary is a jerk, isn't she?
Mary is a cook, isn't she?
Mary inherited her wealth.
Mary hired me to help her.
Mary has to get her stuff.
Mary has her own business.
Mary has her kid with her.
Mary grabbed her backpack.
Mary found it, didn't she?
Mary fatally shot herself.
Mary doesn't like her job.
Mary died when she was 97.
Mary didn't sign her will.
Mary didn't like her name.
Mary did her own research.
Mary denies that she lied.
Mary denied she said that.
Mary checked her messages.
Mary changed her password.
Mary can do it, can't she?
Mary came with her father.
Mary called up her friend.
Mary broke her own record.
Mary ate lunch by herself.
Mary asked me to kiss her.
Mary almost lost her life.
Mary admitted her mistake.
Mary worked all her life.
Mary will get her chance.
Mary went to her bedroom.
Mary was riding her bike.
Mary was in her thirties.
Mary was good at her job.
Mary untied her ponytail.
Mary unfolded her napkin.
Mary toyed with her food.
Mary took out her camera.
Mary told us you hit her.
Mary told us she'd cried.
Mary told us she escaped.
Mary told me you hit her.
Mary told me she's upset.
Mary told me she's tired.
Mary told me she's ready.
Mary told me she's first.
Mary told me she's broke.
Mary told me she's bored.
Mary told me she's alone.
Mary told me she'd cried.
Mary told me she was shy.
Mary told me she was hot.
Mary survived her injury.
Mary supports her family.
Mary still loves her job.
Mary scratched her cheek.
Mary says she's not lazy.
Mary says she'll hurt me.
Mary says she won't vote.
Mary says she won't swim.
Mary says she won't mind.
Mary says she was framed.
Mary says she sings bass.
Mary says she isn't lazy.
Mary says she can't help.
Mary sat behind her desk.
Mary said that she's shy.
Mary said that she's mad.
Mary said that she'd try.
Mary said she'd kill you.
Mary said she'd complain.
Mary said she would wait.
Mary said she would help.
Mary said she wasn't sad.
Mary said she was unhurt.
Mary said she was single.
Mary said she was lonely.
Mary said she was eating.
Mary said she was amused.
Mary said she felt woozy.
Mary said she felt lucky.
Mary said she felt hated.
Mary said she felt great.
Mary said she felt alone.
Mary rubbed her forehead.
Mary rose from her chair.
Mary respects her elders.
Mary repainted her house.
Mary renovated her house.
Mary removed her goggles.
Mary removed her glasses.
Mary regained her health.
Mary read a story to her.
Mary put on her slippers.
Mary put on her overcoat.
Mary put her pencil down.
Mary pledged her support.
Mary overstayed her visa.
Mary nodded her approval.
Mary mortgaged her house.
Mary may do as she likes.
Mary makes her own bread.
Mary made her mother cry.
Mary loved her grandkids.
Mary lost her house keys.
Mary looked at her shoes.
Mary looked at her cards.
Mary likes what she sees.
Mary leapt off her horse.
Mary knows she was wrong.
Mary knows she messed up.
Mary knows it's her call.
Mary knows I lied to her.
Mary just missed her bus.
Mary jumped on her horse.
Mary jumped into her car.
Mary isn't happy, is she?
Mary is weird, isn't she?
Mary is upset, isn't she?
Mary is tense, isn't she?
Mary is surly, isn't she?
Mary is sorry, isn't she?
Mary is scary, isn't she?
Mary is ready, isn't she?
Mary is pushy, isn't she?
Mary is pushing her luck.
Mary is picky, isn't she?
Mary is nosey, isn't she?
Mary is needy, isn't she?
Mary is lying, isn't she?
Mary is in over her head.
Mary is honking her horn.
Mary is going, isn't she?
Mary is fussy, isn't she?
Mary is frank, isn't she?
Mary is early, isn't she?
Mary is dirty, isn't she?
Mary is cruel, isn't she?
Mary is broke, isn't she?
Mary is brave, isn't she?
Mary is bored, isn't she?
Mary is blond, isn't she?
Mary is blind, isn't she?
Mary is back on her feet.
Mary is awake, isn't she?
Mary is alone, isn't she?
Mary is alone in her car.
Mary is a vet, isn't she?
Mary is a pro, isn't she?
Mary is a CPA, isn't she?
Mary hoped she could win.
Mary has shaved her head.
Mary has said she'll win.
Mary has lost her wallet.
Mary had what she wanted.
Mary got off her bicycle.
Mary gave me her old one.
Mary fractured her wrist.
Mary fought for her life.
Mary forgot her password.
Mary did this on her own.
Mary denies she did that.
Mary denied she did that.
Mary cooks her own meals.
Mary closed her notebook.
Mary changed her tactics.
Mary can protect herself.
Mary called off her trip.
Mary brought her brother.
Mary bakes her own bread.
Mary almost lost her eye.
Mary wanted her freedom.
Mary trusts her doctors.
Mary told me she's well.
Mary told me she's safe.
Mary told me she's last.
Mary told me she's fine.
Mary told me she's done.
Mary told me she's cold.
Mary told me she'd lied.
Mary told me her secret.
Mary tied her shoelaces.
Mary stirred her coffee.
Mary slashed her wrists.
Mary scratched her neck.
Mary scratched her hand.
Mary says she's met you.
Mary says she's healthy.
Mary said she'd be late.
Mary said she would try.
Mary said she was lucky.
Mary said she was broke.
Mary said she was alone.
Mary said she had to go.
Mary said she felt weak.
Mary said she felt sick.
Mary said she felt safe.
Mary said she felt hurt.
Mary said she felt good.
Mary rubbed her temples.
Mary resumed her pacing.
Mary removed her jacket.
Mary regained her sight.
Mary put on her wetsuit.
Mary put on her blinker.
Mary promised she'd win.
Mary picked up her mail.
Mary paid her bill late.
Mary loved her children.
Mary lost all her books.
Mary let her guard down.
Mary learned her lesson.
Mary leaped to her feet.
Mary leaned on her cane.
Mary landed on her head.
Mary knows we trust her.
Mary knows her business.
Mary knew where she was.
Mary isn't dead, is she?
Mary is wiping her nose.
Mary is well, isn't she?
Mary is weak, isn't she?
Mary is sure, isn't she?
Mary is slow, isn't she?
Mary is sick, isn't she?
Mary is riding her bike.
Mary is pale, isn't she?
Mary is nuts, isn't she?
Mary is nosy, isn't she?
Mary is next, isn't she?
Mary is lost, isn't she?
Mary is like her sister.
Mary is like her mother.
Mary is late, isn't she?
Mary is kind, isn't she?
Mary is huge, isn't she?
Mary is home, isn't she?
Mary is high, isn't she?
Mary is hard on herself.
Mary is gone, isn't she?
Mary is glad, isn't she?
Mary is free, isn't she?
Mary is fine, isn't she?
Mary is fine on her own.
Mary is dumb, isn't she?
Mary is driving her car.
Mary is done, isn't she?
Mary is deaf, isn't she?
Mary is cold, isn't she?
Mary is calm, isn't she?
Mary is back, isn't she?
Mary is a DJ, isn't she?
Mary held out her glass.
Mary has lost her watch.
Mary has lost her touch.
Mary has cut her finger.
Mary has broken her arm.
Mary greeted her guests.
Mary gave her dog a hug.
Mary dusted herself off.
Mary didn't do her best.
Mary did it, didn't she?
Mary denied she laughed.
Mary burned her clothes.
Mary backed up her data.
Mary admitted she cried.
Mary admits she's cried.
Mary waived her rights.
Mary unleashed her dog.
Mary took her own life.
Mary told us she'd win.
Mary told me she's shy.
Mary told me she'd won.
Mary told me she'd win.
Mary swam with her son.
Mary sued her neighbor.
Mary strained her back.
Mary slurped her drink.
Mary says she's unsure.
Mary says she's lonely.
Mary said that she won.
Mary said she'll laugh.
Mary said she was well.
Mary said she was safe.
Mary said she was fine.
Mary said she was done.
Mary said she was cold.
Mary said she hated me.
Mary said she felt bad.
Mary put her head down.
Mary opened her window.
Mary made her decision.
Mary loves her parents.
Mary loosened her grip.
Mary liked her old car.
Mary let me sit by her.
Mary leapt to her feet.
Mary knows she's right.
Mary knows she's dying.
Mary knows she cheated.
Mary knows she can win.
Mary kissed her cousin.
Mary killed her mother.
Mary kept her distance.
Mary is on her way now.
Mary is odd, isn't she?
Mary is new, isn't she?
Mary is mad, isn't she?
Mary is hot, isn't she?
Mary is fun, isn't she?
Mary is doing her work.
Mary is big, isn't she?
Mary hummed to herself.
Mary hopped in her car.
Mary hates her parents.
Mary hated her parents.
Mary has lost her mind.
Mary got off her stool.
Mary folded her sheets.
Mary finished her meal.
Mary fell off her bike.
Mary did her part well.
Mary came with her dog.
Mary called her lawyer.
Mary broke her new toy.
Mary wishes she'd won.
Mary took her cap off.
Mary swore she'd wait.
Mary sold her company.
Mary smacked her lips.
Mary slept in her car.
Mary scraped her knee.
Mary says she's dying.
Mary said she's upset.
Mary said she's drunk.
Mary said she was sad.
Mary rinsed her mouth.
Mary relaxed her grip.
Mary perjured herself.
Mary needs her family.
Mary moved her cursor.
Mary missed her train.
Mary made me help her.
Mary lowered her gaze.
Mary loves her family.
Mary loved her garden.
Mary lost her friends.
Mary lost her footing.
Mary locked her doors.
Mary lives on her own.
Mary likes her school.
Mary killed her drink.
Mary isn't in, is she?
Mary is with her dogs.
Mary is up, isn't she?
Mary is on her way in.
Mary is in, isn't she?
Mary hopes she'll win.
Mary has quit her job.
Mary has her own blog.
Mary died on her farm.
Mary denies she cried.
Mary denied she cried.
Mary chugged her beer.
Mary changed her diet.
Mary acted on her own.
Mary washed her hair.
Mary swore she'd win.
Mary stopped herself.
Mary speaks her mind.
Mary slit her wrists.
Mary shut her laptop.
Mary says she's rich.
Mary says she'll win.
Mary salted her eggs.
Mary said she's weak.
Mary said she'll win.
Mary rubbed her face.
Mary rubbed her chin.
Mary praised her son.
Mary made her choice.
Mary let me kiss her.
Mary left on her own.
Mary left by herself.
Mary is with her son.
Mary is in her house.
Mary hid her weapons.
Mary got her revenge.
Mary googled herself.
Mary excused herself.
Mary denies she lied.
Mary crashed her car.
Mary combed her hair.
Mary claimed she won.
Mary ate at her desk.
Mary waved her hand.
Mary washed herself.
Mary washed her car.
Mary walked her dog.
Mary shut her mouth.
Mary seated herself.
Mary says she's won.
Mary rubbed her jaw.
Mary packed her bag.
Mary missed her son.
Mary missed her bus.
Mary loves her golf.
Mary loved her kids.
Mary lost her shoes.
Mary lost her house.
Mary knew she'd win.
Mary helped herself.
Mary drank her soda.
Mary cursed herself.
Mary claims she won.
Mary chewed her lip.
Mary burned her arm.
Mary braced herself.
Mary waxed her car.
Mary saved herself.
Mary loves her son.
Mary loves her dog.
Mary lost her life.
Mary liked her job.
Mary kept her cool.
Mary isn't herself.
Mary is in her car.
Mary hated herself.
Mary ate her salad.
Mary made her bed.
Mary lost her way.
Mary lost her key.
Mary left her bag.
Mary hid her face.
Mary cut her leg.
He has a beautiful wife.
He has a pretty wife.
His wife's pregnant.
He's your wife's friend, isn't he?
He's one of my wife's friends.
He's my wife's friend.
He's my wife's friend, not mine.
He's my wife's acquaintance.
He said that he didn't have a wife.
He said he didn't have a wife.
He has a wife.
He has a wife who's an alcoholic.
He has a wife and three kids.
He has a wife and three daughters.
He has a wife and kids.
He has a wife and a young child.
He has a jealous wife.
He has a Canadian wife.
He doesn't have a wife.
He didn't want a wife.
Mary liked the idea.
He liked the idea.
She liked the idea.
They liked the idea.
They both liked the idea.
He handled himself beautifully.
She handled herself beautifully.
She found herself a boyfriend.
He's found himself a girlfriend.
He found himself a girlfriend.
He's pretty proud of himself.
She's pretty proud of herself.
He's pretty busy himself.
She's pretty busy herself.
He's a pretty good cook himself.
She's a pretty good cook herself.
He was pretty busy himself.
She was pretty busy herself.
He pretty much kept to himself.
She pretty much kept to herself.
He pretty much keeps to himself.
He looks pretty proud of himself.
She looks pretty proud of herself.
He said he was feeling pretty good.
She said she was feeling pretty good.
He says he's pretty hungry.
She says she's pretty hungry.
He's warming himself by the fire.
She's warming herself by the fire.
He's very sure of himself.
She's very sure of herself.
He's very proud of himself.
She's very proud of herself.
He's very hard on himself.
She's very hard on herself.
He's unwilling to go by himself.
She's unwilling to go by herself.
He's unlikely to come by himself.
She's unlikely to come by herself.
He's trying to protect himself.
She's trying to protect herself.
He's trying to find himself.
She's trying to find herself.
He's traveling by himself.
She's traveling by herself.
He's too young to live by himself.
She's too young to live by herself.
He's too weak to lift himself.
She's too weak to lift herself.
He's taking good care of himself.
She's taking good care of herself.
He's supposed to do that himself.
She's supposed to do that herself.
He's still unsure of himself.
She's still unsure of herself.
He's so full of himself.
She's so full of herself.
He's selling himself short.
She's selling herself short.
He's quite hard on himself.
She's quite hard on herself.
He's proud of himself.
She's proud of herself.
He's protecting himself.
She's protecting herself.
He's painting the house himself.
She's painting the house herself.
He's obviously enjoying himself.
She's obviously enjoying herself.
He's now living by himself.
She's now living by herself.
He's making himself a sandwich.
She's making herself a sandwich.
He's making a fool of himself.
She's making a fool of herself.
He's living by himself.
She's living by herself.
He's living by himself now.
She's living by herself now.
He's likely to do that by himself.
She's likely to do that by herself.
He's like a kid himself sometimes.
She's like a kid herself sometimes.
He's just talking to himself.
She's just talking to herself.
He's just taking care of himself.
She's just taking care of herself.
He's just being himself.
She's just being herself.
He's himself again.
She's herself again.
He's hard on himself.
She's hard on herself.
He's happy traveling by himself.
She's happy traveling by herself.
He's going to kill himself.
She's going to kill herself.
He's going to hurt himself.
She's going to hurt herself.
He's going to go skiing by himself.
She's going to go skiing by herself.
He's going to get himself killed.
She's going to get herself killed.
He's going to do that himself.
She's going to do that herself.
He's going to do that by himself.
She's going to do that by herself.
He's getting ahead of himself.
She's getting ahead of herself.
He's fooling himself.
She's fooling herself.
He's finally himself again.
She's finally herself again.
He's feeling good about himself.
She's feeling good about herself.
He's fanning himself.
She's fanning herself.
He's entertaining himself.
He's doing that by himself.
She's doing that by herself.
He's disgusted with himself.
She's disgusted with herself.
He's deluding himself.
She's deluding herself.
He's contradicting himself.
She's contradicting herself.
He's by himself.
She's by herself.
He's always contradicting himself.
She's always contradicting herself.
He's always blaming himself.
She's always blaming herself.
He's afraid to go there by himself.
She's afraid to go there by herself.
He's able to take care of himself.
She's able to take care of herself.
Sit back and enjoy the ride.
He's able to do that by himself.
She's able to do that by herself.
He'll unlikely do that by himself.
She'll unlikely do that by herself.
He'll probably do that by himself.
She'll probably do that by herself.
He'll never forgive himself.
She'll never forgive herself.
He'll need to do that by himself.
She'll need to do that by herself.
He'll have to go there by himself.
She'll have to go there by herself.
He'll have to go by himself.
She'll have to go by herself.
He'll have to do that himself.
She'll have to do that herself.
He'll have to do that by himself.
She'll have to do that by herself.
He'll have to do it by himself.
She'll have to do it by herself.
He'll have to do it all by himself.
She'll have to do it all by herself.
He'll go skiing by himself.
She'll go skiing by herself.
He'll go fishing by himself.
She'll go fishing by herself.
He'll get home by himself.
She'll get home by herself.
He'll get himself killed.
She'll get herself killed.
He'll do that himself.
She'll do that herself.
He'll do that by himself.
She'll do that by herself.
He'd never kill himself.
She'd never kill herself.
He'd never go there by himself.
She'd never go there by herself.
He'd never go swimming by himself.
She'd never go swimming by herself.
He'd never do that by himself.
She'd never do that by herself.
He wrote this report by himself.
She wrote this report by herself.
He wrote the report all by himself.
She wrote the report all by herself.
He wrote the message himself.
She wrote the message herself.
He wrote the letter himself.
She wrote the letter herself.
He wrote a letter to himself.
He wrapped himself in a blanket.
He wrapped a towel around himself.
She wrapped a towel around herself.
He wouldn't go hiking by himself.
She wouldn't go hiking by herself.
He wouldn't do that himself.
She wouldn't do that herself.
He wouldn't do that by himself.
She wouldn't do that by herself.
He wore himself out.
She wore herself out.
He won't risk hurting himself.
She won't risk hurting herself.
He won't likely do that by himself.
She won't likely do that by herself.
He won't hurt himself again.
She won't hurt herself again.
He won't have to do that himself.
She won't have to do that herself.
He won't go camping by himself.
She won't go camping by herself.
He won't do that himself.
She won't do that herself.
He won't do that by himself.
She won't do that by herself.
He won't do anything by himself.
She won't do anything by herself.
He went to the park by himself.
She went to the park by herself.
He went to the cemetery by himself.
She went to the cemetery by herself.
He went off by himself.
She went off by herself.
He went in by himself.
She went in by herself.
He went home by himself.
She went home by herself.
He went by himself.
She went by herself.
He weighs himself every morning.
She weighs herself every morning.
He weighed himself.
She weighed herself.
He wasn't willing to go by himself.
She wasn't willing to go by herself.
He wasn't so sure of himself.
She wasn't so sure of herself.
He wasn't so sure himself.
She wasn't so sure herself.
He wasn't really enjoying himself.
She wasn't really enjoying herself.
He wasn't quite himself today.
She wasn't quite herself today.
He wasn't enjoying himself.
She wasn't enjoying herself.
He wasn't able to explain himself.
She wasn't able to explain herself.
He wasn't able to defend himself.
She wasn't able to defend herself.
He washed himself.
She washed herself.
He washed himself in the stream.
She washed herself in the stream.
He was very proud of himself.
She was very proud of herself.
He was unwilling to go by himself.
She was unwilling to go by herself.
He was unable to restrain himself.
She was unable to restrain herself.
He was unable to explain himself.
She was unable to explain herself.
He was trying to find himself.
She was trying to find herself.
He was told to do that by himself.
She was told to do that by herself.
He was talking to himself.
She was talking to herself.
He was sure of himself.
She was sure of herself.
He was starting to doubt himself.
She was starting to doubt herself.
He was sitting all by himself.
She was sitting all by herself.
He was scared to go by himself.
She was scared to go by herself.
He was reluctant to go by himself.
She was reluctant to go by herself.
He was quite pleased with himself.
She was quite pleased with herself.
He was nearly killed himself.
She was nearly killed herself.
He was mumbling to himself.
She was mumbling to herself.
He was in the room by himself.
She was in the room by herself.
He was going to do that himself.
She was going to do that herself.
He was defending himself.
She was defending herself.
He was certainly enjoying himself.
She was certainly enjoying herself.
He was at home by himself all day.
She was at home by herself all day.
He was ashamed of himself.
She was ashamed of herself.
He was all by himself.
She was all by herself.
He was afraid to do it by himself.
She was afraid to do it by herself.
He was absolutely sure of himself.
She was absolutely sure of herself.
He was able to do that by himself.
She was able to do that by herself.
He warmed himself by the fire.
He wants you all to himself.
She wants you all to herself.
He wants to kill himself.
She wants to kill herself.
He wants to improve himself.
She wants to improve herself.
He wants to do everything himself.
She wants to do everything herself.
He wants it for himself.
She wants it for herself.
He wanted to turn himself in.
She wanted to turn herself in.
He wanted to stay home by himself.
She wanted to stay home by herself.
He wanted to protect himself.
She wanted to protect herself.
He wanted to kill himself.
She wanted to kill herself.
He wanted to do that by himself.
She wanted to do that by herself.
He wanted to do everything himself.
She wanted to do everything herself.
He walked down the hall by himself.
She walked down the hall by herself.
He voted for himself.
She voted for herself.
He usually keeps to himself.
She usually keeps to herself.
He usually keeps things to himself.
She usually keeps things to herself.
He usually goes rowing by himself.
She usually goes rowing by herself.
He usually goes fishing by himself.
She usually goes fishing by herself.
He usually does that by himself.
She usually does that by herself.
He turned himself in.
She turned herself in.
He turned himself in to the police.
She turned herself in to the police.
He tried to protect himself.
She tried to protect herself.
He tried to prepare himself.
She tried to prepare herself.
He tried to kill himself yesterday.
She tried to kill herself yesterday.
He tried to kill himself last week.
She tried to kill herself last week.
He tried to drown himself.
She tried to drown herself.
He tried to do that by himself.
She tried to do that by herself.
He tried to do it by himself.
She tried to do it by herself.
He tried to defend himself.
She tried to defend herself.
He tried to compose himself.
She tried to compose herself.
He tried doing that by himself.
She tried doing that by herself.
He took these pictures himself.
She took these pictures herself.
He told me so himself.
She told me so herself.
He told me about it himself.
She told me about it herself.
He threatened to kill himself.
She threatened to kill herself.
He thinks of no one but himself.
She thinks of no one but herself.
He thinks highly of himself.
She thinks highly of herself.
He taught himself how to ski.
She taught herself how to ski.
He taught himself how to do that.
She taught herself how to do that.
He takes himself too seriously.
She takes herself too seriously.
He takes himself awfully seriously.
She takes herself awfully seriously.
He takes good care of himself.
She takes good care of herself.
He takes care of himself.
She takes care of herself.
He sure is full of himself.
She sure is full of herself.
He struggled to free himself.
She struggled to free herself.
He stopped himself.
She stopped herself.
He stood up for himself.
She stood up for herself.
He stood in the corner by himself.
She stood in the corner by herself.
He still lives by himself.
She still lives by herself.
He steadied himself.
She steadied herself.
He stayed there by himself.
She stayed there by herself.
He stayed in the tent by himself.
She stayed in the tent by herself.
He stayed home by himself.
She stayed home by herself.
He stayed at home by himself.
He started to doubt himself.
She started to doubt herself.
He started talking to himself.
She started talking to herself.
He started humming to himself.
She started humming to herself.
He stared at himself in the mirror.
She stared at herself in the mirror.
He spilled coffee on himself.
She spilled coffee on herself.
He spent the weekend by himself.
He smiled to himself.
She smiled to herself.
He smiled at himself in the mirror.
He shouldn't go there by himself.
She shouldn't go there by herself.
He shouldn't go by himself.
He shouldn't do that by himself.
She shouldn't do that by herself.
He should've done that himself.
She should've done that herself.
He should've done that by himself.
She should've done that by herself.
He should do that himself.
She should do that herself.
He should do that by himself.
She should do that by herself.
He should blame himself.
She should blame herself.
He should be ashamed of himself.
She should be ashamed of herself.
He shot himself.
She shot herself.
He shot himself last night.
She shot herself last night.
He shot himself in the leg.
She shot herself in the leg.
He shot himself in the head.
She shot herself in the head.
He shot himself in the foot.
She shot herself in the foot.
He seldom talks about himself.
She seldom talks about herself.
He seldom goes hiking by himself.
She seldom goes hiking by herself.
He seldom goes canoeing by himself.
She seldom goes canoeing by herself.
He seldom does that by himself.
She seldom does that by herself.
He seems very sure of himself.
She seems very sure of herself.
He seems very pleased with himself.
She seems very pleased with herself.
He seems very full of himself.
She seems very full of herself.
He seems to be talking to himself.
She seems to be talking to herself.
He seems to be enjoying himself.
She seems to be enjoying herself.
He seems fairly sure of himself.
She seems fairly sure of herself.
He seemed very sure of himself.
She seemed very sure of herself.
He seemed very full of himself.
She seemed very full of herself.
He seemed to be enjoying himself.
She seemed to be enjoying herself.
He seemed a little hard on himself.
She seemed a little hard on herself.
He seated himself.
She seated herself.
He scratched himself.
She scratched herself.
He saw himself in the mirror.
He saved himself.
She saved herself.
He sat on the bench all by himself.
She sat on the bench all by herself.
He sat by himself.
She sat by herself.
He sat at the bar by himself.
She sat at the bar by herself.
He sat all by himself.
She sat all by herself.
He sat all by himself at the bar.
She sat all by herself at the bar.
He sang all by himself.
She sang all by herself.
He restrained himself.
She restrained herself.
He reluctantly went by himself.
He reluctantly did that by himself.
She reluctantly did that by herself.
He really let himself go.
He really hurt himself.
She really hurt herself.
He rarely talks about himself.
She rarely talks about herself.
He rarely does that by himself.
She rarely does that by herself.
He quickly made himself a sandwich.
She quickly made herself a sandwich.
He pulled himself together.
She pulled herself together.
He propped himself up on one elbow.
She propped herself up on one elbow.
He probably walked home by himself.
She probably walked home by herself.
He probably did that by himself.
She probably did that by herself.
He prepared himself for the worst.
She prepared herself for the worst.
He prepared dinner by himself.
She prepared dinner by herself.
He prefers to do that by himself.
She prefers to do that by herself.
He poured water over himself.
She poured water over herself.
He poured more coffee for himself.
She poured more coffee for herself.
He poured himself some whiskey.
She poured herself some whiskey.
He poured himself some water.
She poured herself some water.
He poured himself some milk.
She poured herself some milk.
He poured himself some cereal.
She poured herself some cereal.
He poured himself another scotch.
She poured herself another scotch.
He poured himself another glass.
She poured herself another glass.
He poured himself another beer.
She poured herself another beer.
He poured himself a glass of wine.
