Sami talked about his personal experience with Layla.
Sami needs to make a decision about that.
Sami cut the cake.
Sami said this was his favorite thing to do.
Sami heard about Layla's stepsister.
Sami brought wine and some snacks.
Sami is in another state.
Sami made so many mistakes.
Sami trusted so many wrong people.
Sami doesn't have to go through that.
Sami wants to help.
Sami has a stepsister.
Layla has gorgeous lips.
Layla has the most beautiful lips in the entire world.
Sami had just turned sixteen.
Sami grew up in Ontario, Canada.
Sami left Ontario when he was sixteen.
Sami's home state is Florida.
Sami didn't have the means for a vacation.
Sami wanted to take a vacation with us.
Sami wanted to go to Egypt.
Sami wanted to go to Cairo.
Sami wanted to see Cairo so bad.
Sami met his best friend in Cairo.
Sami is still in Egypt.
Sami still lives in Egypt.
Sami and Layal made the decision to go to Cairo.
Sami wanted to see Cairo.
Sami never traveled anywhere.
Sami was planning his vacation.
Sami was against it.
Sami was against that because of Layla's past.
Sami knew what the hell he was doing.
Sami did everything he was told to do.
Sami's problems would sometimes trickle over to me.
Sami knew what Layla was doing.
Sami didn't want to share a room with his parents.
Sami didn't want to share a hotel room with his parents.
Sami was super excited to go to Cairo.
Sami and his cousins were crammed into one hotel room.
Sami started saving his own money.
Sami started saving money to go to Cairo.
Sami was around Layla's age.
Sami and Farid were still sharing a room.
Sami and Layla shared a bathroom.
Sami was spending a lot of time in the bathroom.
Sami went to his parents' bathroom.
Sami would stay in the bathroom for almost an hour.
Sami was in the bathroom for a long time.
Sami would spend between minutes and an hour in the bathroom.
Sami needs to take a shower.
Sami needed to brush his teeth.
Sami was super salty with Layla.
Sami can't stand Layla.
Sami can't stand Layla's daughter.
Sami needed to shower all the time.
Sami needed to go to the bathroom all the time.
Sami was in the airport.
Can I pick your brain about how you learned English so quickly?
Sami and Layla were traveling together.
Sami and Layla were complete enemies.
Sami and Layla didn't talk at the airport.
Sami and Layla didn't talk on the flight.
Sami and Layla went to a hotel.
Sami and Layla felt like they were in a dream.
Sami has never felt this before.
Sami wanted to make a difference in this world.
Sami had plans.
Sami wanted to move here.
Sami's hotel is a block away from Time Square.
Sami walked into the hotel.
Sami and Layla checked in for one room with two beds.
If I could just pick your brain - what do you think she'd like for her birthday?
Sami was almost an adult.
Sami and Layla got on the flight.
Sami was dealing with financial issues.
Sami couldn't make this happen.
Sami couldn't have the trip that he wanted.
Sami wanted to go explore the city.
Sami had dinner in Cairo.
Sami was so excited to visit Cairo.
Sami lives in a city where the sidewalks are always crowded.
Sami never walks on the sidewalk.
Sami and Layla were out.
Sami didn't find a public bathroom.
Sami went to the bathroom all the time.
Sami got so annoyed with Layla.
Whenever we meet I feel he's just picking my brain - all he does is ask me questions.
Sami started getting comfortable at the hotel.
Sami was there in Cairo.
Sami got back to the hotel.
Sami wanted to explore Cairo.
Sami didn't want to take a cab anywhere.
Layla didn't dress cute.
Sami couldn't walk.
Sami was walking through a residential street.
Sami was getting really sick and tired of Layla's mentality.
Sami was just very annoyed.
Sami was only there for five or six days.
Mennad traveled to Cairo.
Sami took the subway.
Sami can take the subway there.
Sami can take the subway.
Sami is sweating.
Sami was dancing on the beach.
Sami saw people dancing on the beach.
Sami is in heaven.
Sami loved the entire trip.
Sami was happy.
Sami was having a good time in Cairo.
Sami went to the carnival.
Sami was just having the time of his life.
Sami has never seen anything like it.
Sami was sitting on that beach.
Sami loves rollercoasters.
Sami agreed to go on that rollercoaster.
Sami was very bold.
Sami was making his way over to the rollercoaster.
Sami came directly to me.
Sami had that thick New York accent.
Sami told me that he was from the Bronx.
Sami started talking to us.
Sami doesn't even know about this.
Sami wanted to go to the rollercoaster.
Sami wanted to ride the rollercoaster.
Sami wanted to see the rollercoaster.
Sami can't even tell you her name.
Sami was already sixteen.
Sami didn't live there.
Sami started talking to those guys.
Sami gave us money for that ride.
Sami gave us money for the rollercoaster.
Sami was talking to Farid.
Sami got on the rollercoaster.
Sami has to sit with his sister.
Sami sat with Layla on the rollercoaster.
Sami was very honest about it.
Sami sat next to Layla on the rollercoaster. Farid was behind them.
Sami sat behind Layla on the rollercoaster.
Sami was already on the rollercoaster.
Sami put his hand on my shoulder.
Sami took off on that rollercoaster.
Sami can't see the camera.
Sami and Layla were screaming on the rollercoaster.
Sami loves that rollercoaster.
Sami is scared of rollercoasters.
Sami was with his homeboys.
Layla was talking to those boys.
Sami filmed a video on the rollercoaster.
Sami filmed himself on the rollercoaster.
Sami took selfies on the rollercoaster.
Sami took pictures on the rollercoaster.
Sami was taking pictures on the rollercoaster.
Sami went in there and shut the door.
Sami hasn't come out of the bathroom.
Sami usually spends a lot of time in the bathroom.
Sami decided to go missing.
Sami had to stop Layla in the middle of a sentence.
Sami needs to go to check on Layla.
Sami will be out in a minute.
Sami was right outside that toilet stall.
Sami was standing right next to the toilet stall I was in.
Sami was right outside the toilet stall I was in.
Sami is graduating early.
Sami wants to move here.
Sami dreamed of living in Cairo.
Sami dreamed of moving to Cairo.
Sami is sixteen and he has his own cellphone.
Sami can't be around Layla.
Sami started banging on the toilet door.
Sami started banging on the door of the toilet stall I was in.
Sami will meet you at the store.
Sami held the door open.
Sami held the door open for us.
Sami grabbed Layla by her arm and started dragging her away.
Sami is so tired of Layla doing this shit.
Sami already knows that Layla is a whore.
Sami could walked over there in the middle of the night.
Sami already knows that Layla's sister is a slut.
Sami is very busy.
Sami is doing very well.
Sami stopped screaming.
Sami didn't expect that to happen so fast.
Sami is super quiet.
Sami had a cat.
Layla is Sami's female dog.
Sami had a Pomeranian named Layla.
Layla is my first female pet.
Sami's cat was black.
Sami had a black cat.
Sami calmed down.
Sami got that cat when he was around six.
Sami was in the woods.
Sami lived in this hood.
Sami was in that hood.
Sami has lived in this hood for about six years.
Sami knows this hood like the back of his hand.
Sami had a pet.
Sami had a pet dog.
Sami was outside, playing with his brother.
Sami had a bike with shiny wheels on it.
Sami had rollerblades.
Sami was playing with his puppy.
Sami's dog was still little.
Sami wants this dog.
Sami can't take this puppy with him.
Sami has to ask his mom.
Sami is moving out and he doesn't want this dog anymore.
Sami wants a dog.
Sami is looking at the dog.
Sami has a Pomeranian.
Sami had a Pomeranian and Layla, a German shepherd.
Sami already knew the dog's name.
Sami has a really cute dog.
Sami's dog was a good companion.
Sami didn't have the money to have his dog trained.
Sami and Layla have a Pomeranian.
Sami's dog poops everywhere.
Layla's Pomeranian fucked a pitbull.
Sami was on the blue bus.
Layla's Pomeranian is so cute.
Sami's dog was gone.
Layla's Pomeranian was the first pet we had.
Sami was outside, playing.
Sami found a kitten under his house.
Sami picked the kitten up.
Sami picked up the kitten.
Sami has a cute kitten.
Sami found a cute kitten under his cat.
Sami gave a kitten to Layla.
Sami can't keep the kitten.
Sami can't keep the cat here.
Sami can't afford a pet right now.
Sami can't have this cat.
Sami showed Layla the cat.
Sami didn't want the cat to be in the house.
Sami can spend the night.
Sami let the cat go.
Sami didn't want a cat in his house.
Sami's cat was on the balcony.
Sami had something wrong with him.
Sami never had a cat before.
Sami owned a cat.
Layla was afraid of cats.
Sami fed his cat.
Sami's cat bit Layla's hand.
Sami's cat bit my hand.
Sami's cat was clawing Layla.
Sami's cat scratched Layla.
Sami didn't understand why the dog was so angry.
Sami was still very young.
Sami thought Layla's black cat was demonic.
Sami tried to run.
Sami's cat bit Layla.
Sami was terrified of that black cat.
Sami's little brother was terrified of that cat.
Sami was so nice to that cat.
Sami's cut bit his hand.
Sami hated that cat.
Sami kicked the cat away.
Sami's cat was purring.
Sami's dog still didn't trust Layla.
Sami abused that dog as a puppy.
Sami is moving out the hood.
Sami moved into Cairo.
Sami signed the lease.
Sami flew down to Florida.
Sami has been living in Cairo for six years.
Sami lives in a bad area.
Sami was packing up his cat's stuff.
Sami locked the doors.
Sami locked the car doors.
Sami brought a box of his cat's shit.
Sami's cat poops in this box.
Sami never came back for the cat.
Sami never came back for that cat.
Sami feeds an outdoor cat.
Sami fed the cat on the porch.
Sami's cat was on the porch.
Sami knows everything about cats.
Sami and Layla are getting married Saturday.
Sami had a huge announcement he wanted to share with us.
Sami and Layla have a huge announcement that they would like to share with us today.
Sami is dying to know.
Sami has already guessed it.
Sami and Layla fell in love with each other.
Sami went to a lot of parties.
Sami went to clubs all the time.
Sami was back in high school.
Layla's boyfriend was an asshole.
Sami and Layla spent the entire year partying.
Sami and Layla spent the entire year dating.
Sami didn't have anybody to answer to.
Sami got tired of waking up hangover.
Sami has just gotten his car.
Sami was doing his own shit.
Sami came to my house.
Sami was so upset with Layla.
Sami and Layla were constantly on and off.
Sami couldn't stand Layla's boyfriend.
Sami and Layla had a huge argument on campus.
Sami could not stand that guy.
Sami still liked his friend.
Sami still loved his girlfriend.
Sami and Layla called each other all kinds of horrible names.
Sami was so devastated.
Sami drank that entire bottle.
Sami drank the entire bottle of wine.
Sami and Layla are both single.
Sami told me he was coming over.
Sami is making some popcorn.
Sami stayed at my house for a good six hours.
Sami is not going to be defeated by this.
Sami isn't going to be defeated by this.
Sami came here every weekend.
Sami was going on dates.
Sami is just tired.
Layla can't do her makeup again.
Layla was doing her makeup to go to a club.
Sami didn't feel like doing that shit anymore.
Sami and Layla wanted to go to a club.
Sami and Layla did what they always did.
Sami decided to go to a club.
Sami wanted Layla to go with him to a club.
Layla started curling her hair.
Sami didn't want to put his time and energy in this.
Sami wore flipflops.
Sami wasn't let into the club because he was wearing flipflops.
Sami eats a lot of popcorn.
Sami needs to stay here for now.
Sami wanted to feel like his old self again.
Layla did my hair.
Sami drove Layla out of his apartment.
Sami wanted to support his friend.
Sami went to the club early.
Layla was in bitch mode.
Sami was wearing slippers.
Sami went to an eighteen-and-up club.
Sami knew like six of them.
Sami and Layla are going to party tonight.
Sami shouldn't involve those dudes in the fight.
Sami was on his way to the dance floor.
Sami grabbed Layla's arm and pulled her towards him.
Sami grabbed Layla's arm and she ripped it out of his hand.
Sami was trying his best to have a good time.
Layla felt a boner touch her ass.
Layla felt a penis touch her ass.
Layla felt a boner on her ass.
Layla threw her drink on Sami's face.
Sami is tired of being treated like that.
Sami was trying to fuck Layla in the club.
Sami stormed off the dance floor.
Sami and Layla were dancing on the dance floor.
Sami went outside of the dance floor.
Sami and Layla were literally arguing.
Sami told you this from the beginning.
Sami was grabbing on Layla.
Sami saw that guy.
Sami saw this guy.
Sami was standing with five or six of his guy friends.
Sami wanted to fight those guys.
Sami shouldn't talk to those guys.
Sami had a baby face.
Sami was so unbelievably awesome.
Sami didn't want to dance with Layla.
Sami was fine as hell.
Layla wanted to dance with this guy.
Sami can dance with Layla.
Sami called his friend Farid over.
Sami was a heavyset guy and was not Layla's type.
Sami is so cute and I just wanna dance with him.
Sami is so cute and I just want to dance with him.
Sami stayed in front of me.
Sami looks like a "Farid."
Sami would always cakll Layla "Salima."
Layla threw her drink at Sami.
Sami has met Layla before.
Sami is the kind of guy a girl wouldn't say no to.
Sami has a six year old son.
Sami was being serious.
Sami has always had a baby face.
Layla hates dudes that have kids.
Sami was really open about it.
Sami and Layla are separated.
Sami wanted to detail about that.
Sami was an open and honest person.
Sami told me about his son and his baby-mom.
Sami told me about his ex.
Sami felt like he had known Layla his whole life.
Sami is not twenty-one and can't drink.
Sami took off to the bar to go get Layla a bottle of water.
Sami came back and handed Layla her water.
Sami went to the bathroom and came back.
Sami handed me his phone and I put in my number.
Sami has never felt this feeling before.
Layla was so unbelievably enticed with Sami.
Layla had butterflies in her stomach.
Sami felt happiness.
Sami was ugly as fuck.
Sami tried to steal Farid's girlfriend.
Sami is a gentleman.
Sami was a gentleman.
Sami didn't want to deal with it.
Sami doesn'tw ant to deal with this.
Samis stopped talking.
Sami and Layla got in an argument in the bathroom.
Sami can't control who Layla talks to.
Sami showed up at the club.
Sami was trying to find Layla.
Sami got Layla's attention so much.
Sami started searching the whole floor for Layla.
Sami was searching the whole club for Layla.
Sami has never had his feelings before.
Sami was going to leave the club.
Sami went to his friend's house.
Sami got a text on his phone.
Sami stayed there with all those douchebags.
Sami left he club.
Sami and Layla left the club.
Sami and Layla started talking about it.
Sami made the last-minute decision to come back.
Sami came home with me.
Sami was giving me the silent treatment.
Sami was sitting on my couch.
Sami and Layla just sat there in silence.
Sami met a girl at the club tonight.
Sami used to support me.
Sami shouldn't tell Layla what to do.
Sami has always been there to support Layla.
Sami isn't supposed to tell Layla who she can and cannot talk to.
Sami doesn't want to hear it again.
Sami doesn't want to hear this shit.
Layla was being such a bitch about that.
Sami didn't text Layla all day.
Sami texted Layla back that night.
Sami said something along the lines: "Hey, how are you?"
Sami decided to text Layla back.
Sami has grown six inches.
Sami was sarcastic with me.
Sami started texting Layla back.
Sami and Layla are texting back and forth.
Sami fucking disappeared.
Sami started disappearing.
Sami never saw her again.
Sami was out of my life.
Sami is not a stupid person.
Sami isn't a stupid person.
Sami will always love Layla.
Sami was really disappointed.
Sami slept with Farid's ex.
Sami found out that Farid slept with his ex.
Sami lived in Cairo for a little bit.
Sami was having pains.
Sami has never had a whole lot of health issues.
Sami went to a specialist.
Sami found out that he had cancer.
Sami just found out that his mother had cancer.
Sami had his surgery.
Sami had kidney cancer.
Sami has just had jus surgery.
Sami still had his work boots on.
Layla was in love with this man.
Sami met Layla in a club.
Sami actually thought about this randomly.
Sami remembers this correctly.
Sami asked Layla how she got that diamond ring.
Sami sent Layla this photo on Twitter.
Sami was still at that school.
Sami was still a freshman.
Sami and Layla went to the movies together.
Sami would go there all the time.
Sami would go to the mall all the time.
Sami would go to the pool all the time.
Sami and Layla went to the pool together.
Sami and Layla go to the beach together.
Sami goes to the beach after school.
Sami and Layla went to Cairo together.
Sami and Layla traveled to Cairo together.
Sami was in Layla's grade.
Sami repeated a grade in elementary school.
Sami wasn't in Layla's grade.
Layla talked to le about another guy.
Layla as painting her toes.
Layla started talking about how great Sami was.
Sami is rich.
Sami lives in a rich neighborhood.
Sami put his child in this school.
Sami put his daughter in this shitty school.
Sami doesn't look poor.
Sami thinks this guy is rich.
Sami is gonna find out everything.
Sami is going to find out everything.
Sami isn't rich.
Sami wasn't rich.
Sami wanted Layla to meet Farid.
Sami and Layla had a lot of money.
Sami and Layla have a lot of money.
Layla thinks this boy is rich.
Sami's neighbors where rich.
Sami's friend was super rich.
Sami wanted to become rich.
Sami and Layla went in there together.
Sami was right next to me.
Sami and Layla were having a convo.
Sami was having a convo with Layla.
Sami told Layla he was going to be here.
Sami started questioning Layla.
Sami and Layla stopped talking.
Layla was talking to everybody.
Sami is going to have a problem.
Sami was skating.
Sami should be paying attention.
Sami bumped into that girl again.
Sami accidentally bumped into that girl again.
Sami didn't make Layla fall.
Sami started cussing.
Sami just minded his business.
Sami started cussing Layla out.
Sami started skating off.
Sami started skating away.
Sami immediately took Layla to the bathroom.
Layla was being a bitch to me.
Sami immediately went to the bathroom.
Sami saw Layla walking through the door.
Sami wasn't ugly at all.
Sami locked eyes with Layla.
Sami started walking over to our table.
Sami comes from a wealthy family.
Sami's focus was just on Layla.
Sami's birthday was coming up.
Sami got home from school.
Sami was sitting on Layla's bed.
Sami got a birthday gift from Layla.
Sami bought an entire collection of comic books.
Sami gave Layla her gift at school.
Sami gave Layla her birthday gift at school.
Sami came home with a box.
Sami gave Layla a little gift.
Sami was putting up a show.
Sami started talking shit to me.
Sami still considered Layla new.
Layla ended up crying.
Sami didn't want Layla to see him crying.
Sami was having a bad night.
Sami was having a bad day.
Sami wans't ugly at all.
Sami started scanning the room the minute that he came in.
Sami walked over to Layla's table.
Sami wanted to know if Layla was rich.
Sami was wearing sweatpants.
Sami could tell that Farid's focus was just on Layla.
Sami didn't know Farid was gay.
Sami was standing on his bed.
Sami received a birthday gift from Layla.
Sami bought everything.
Sami bought candles.
Sami bought body lotion.
Sami's birthday was at that weekend.
Sami's brother was so sweet.
Sami gave Layla candles.
Sami and Layla were already friends.
Sami and Layla were pretty close.
Sami met Layla on a bus.
Sami has been giving Layla little gifts.
Sami wasn't taking a shower.
Sami sounded kind of panicky.
Sami started talking to Layla through the door.
Sami was in the bathroom and Layla was talking to him through the door.
Sami threw up in the bathroom.
Sami and Farid have twin beds.
Sami reached into his pocket and pulled out a little box.
Sami's ring looks so expensive.
Sami opened the box and found a diamond ring.
Sami saw one of the biggest diamond rings that he had ever laid his eyes on.
Sami gave Layla an engagement ring.
Sami told me that this ring belonged to his grandmom.
Sami can't keep this ring.
Sami knew about the diamond ring.
Sami put the ring in there.
Sami put the ring back in the box.
Sami gave Layla that ring.
Sami gave Layla a huge diamond ring.
Sami was showering Layla with gifts.
Sami and Layla went to the mall together.
Sami was kind of acting weird.
Sami didn't want to talk to me.
Sami was inside the jewelry store.
Sami was standing at the counter of the jewelry store.
Sami wanted to know how much that diamond ring cost.
Sami wanted to know how much that ring was worth.
Sami was holding his breath.
Sami placed the ring back into the box.
Sami turned red in the face.
Sami was speechless.
Sami should have known.
Sami had an appointment.
Mennad and Baya had an appointment.
Sami got a text from his mom.
Sami didn't get on the bus.
Sami is usually there.
Sami was talking to that kid.
Sami and Layla are yelling at each other.
Sami told Layla the diamond was real.
Sami and Layla were arguing over the diamond ring.
Sami is in front of the school.
Sami was waiting for Layla to come and give him a ride.
Sami was waiting for a ride, too.
Sami didn't want to talk around Layla.
Sami was sitting on a planter, waiting for Layla to come pick him up.
Sami had his backpack in his hand.
Sami jumped out of the car.
Sami and Layla were just sitting there.
Sami stole the ring from his grandma.
Sami got his ass in the car and drove away.
Sami has been stealing from his family.
Sami gave all that stuff to Layla.
Sami's birthday came around.
Sami grabbed Layla by the hair and he started swinging her around.
Sami steals everything.
Sami's brother stole everything.
Sami was stealing from his family.
Sami stole the ring from his sister.
Sami cannot believe this.
Sami can't believe this.
Sami found that ridiculous.
Sami was stealing from Layla's family.
Sami threw away everything else that Layla had given him.
Sami stole shit from Layla.
Sami just can't stop stealing.
Sami always says this.
Sami's video is sponsored by Walmart.
Sami was addicted to that game.
Sami was uploading a new video.
Sami was in an area without signal.
Sami wanted to give Layla a pet.
Sami has never been an animal person.
Sami wasn't bothered by the noise.
Sami wasn't bothered by the barking.
Sami took Layla to a pet store.
Sami wanted to get Layla a bird.
Sami bought Layla a gerbil.
Sami didn't like Layla's parrot.
Sami had a green parrot.
Sami went to the pet store to pick his bird up.
Sami wasn't excited about it.
Sami has no idea what is happening.
Sami was immediately obsessed with the parrot.
Sami named his parrot "Farid."
Sami has always loved animals.
Sami is a huge animal person.
Sami had no interest in that dog at all.
Sami used to come over.
Sami's aunt used to come over.
Sami's parrot learned how to talk.
Sami's bird made noises that resembled words.
Sami started teaching his parrot how to repeat certain phrases.
Sami's parrot knew his alphabet.
Sami's parrot knew certain phrases.
Sami was the one taking care of the parrot.
Sami spent a lot of time with his parrot.
Sami used to bathe his parrot.
Sami was an introvert as a child.
Sami was an awkward kid.
Sami liked reading a lot.
Sami moved a lot.
Sami was a socially awkward kid.
Sami had a very hard childhood.
Sami didn't want to talk to anybody.
Sami had a speech impediment.
Sami had a lisp and he couldn't say his S's right.
Sami spoke aloud.
Sami was very sensitive.
Sami had a lisp.
Sami ended up becoming my best friend.
Sami didn't see the movie.
Sami would talk to his parrot for hours and hours.
Sami's parrot got out of its cage.
Sami took care of Layla's parrot.
Sami fed his parrot whatever he was eating.
Sami is still my best friend.
Sami wasn't nice to Layla's dog.
Sami could not stand Layla's mother.
Sami couldn't stand Layla's mother.
Sami sent the kids outside to play.
Sami's bird was so smart.
Sami's bird would repeat any word he heard.
Sami was sitting there, eating.
Sami was eating.
Sami's parrot looked at Layla and called her the b-word.
Sami kept calling Layla the b-word.
Sami started cussing the dog out.
Sami's parrot was kind of mean.
Sami taught his parrot the alphabet.
Sami's parrot would bite any person trying to touch him.
Sami's parrot bites.
Sami's parrot wasn't scared of anything.
Sami's parrot wasn't scared of anybody.
Sami's parrot would get out of its cage.
Sami's parrot would walk around the house.
Sami had to go to work very early.
Sami came into Layla's room.
Sami loved that parrot so much.
Sami cleaned up his parrot's cage.
Sami had to clean up his parrot's cage.
Sami clipped his parrot's wings.
Sami's parrot took off, flying.
Sami is tired of me.
Sami dropped everything and ran away.
Sami was running after a chicken.
Sami's parrot flew like an eagle.
Sami's parrot landed on a neighbor's roof.
Sami's parrot was scared of Layla's dog.
Sami's parrot is his best friend.
Sami got his cat off of the roof.
Sami became more protective of Layla.
Sami and Layla were Farid's little cousins.
Sami lived in Egypt for a little bit.
Mennad came over to Grandma's house.
Sami had to share his space with his cousins.
Sami used to butt heads with Layla.
Sami tried to snitch on me.
Sami was getting picked on by his own little cousin.
Sami hasn't gone to his grandma's house in years.
Sami's parrot didn't know Layla.
Sami's parrot would bite any person it doesn't know.
Sami and Layla were running around their grandma's house.
Sami climbed up the tree.
Sami got worried about me.
Sami wanted Layla's dog to like him.
Sami didn't know Layla like that.
Layla and Salima were like little girls.
Sami ran back outside.
Sami is ready for bed.
Sami was screaming at Layla.
Sami was messing with Layal's parrot.
Sami took Layla's parrot out of its cage.
Sami was trying to make the parrot fly.
Sami was sitting there, yelling.
Sami would never hurt an animal.
Sami was messing with Layla's parrot.
Sami put his parrot inside its cage.
Sami's parrot didn't have a tail.
Sami's parrot didn't have tail feathers.
Sami didn't let anybody around his parrot.
Sami was being mean to Layla.
Generation Z includes those born in the early noughties, which is the first decade of the 21st Century from to 2009.
Sami never understood that.
Sami heard his dog barking.
Sami heard Layla's footsteps.
Sami thought that I was his mom.
Sami started calling for his dog.
Sami started getting really worried.
Sami's dog disappeared.
Sami's parrot flew away again.
Sami has just clipped the wings of his parrot.
Sami's parrot can't fly away. He has just clipped his wings.
Sami was crouching down.
Sami was on the sidewalk, bleeding.
Sami's dog was on the sidewalk, bleeding.
Sami's dog was still breathing.
Sami took the dog inside.
Sami was trying to give his dog water.
Sami was panicking.
Sami's dog wasn't taking full breaths.
Sami watched his bird die.
Sami was watching his bird die.
Sami was watching his parrot die.
Sami was eating his dinner.
Sami's dog came over to me.
Sami's dog was not malicious.
Sami waited until his dog died.
Sami's dog took its last breath and then, it was gone.
Sami didn't pet his dog.
Sami's dog maliciously killed Layla's cat.
Sami never petted his pitbull.
Sami's dog knew that he had done something wrong.
Sami's dog was not just a pet to him.
Sami's dog was such a good pet.
Sami didn't want to be around Layla.
Sami will always be remembered and loved.
Sami had a gerbil.
Sami hates fat women.
Sami's son had an imaginary friend.
Sami found this so creepy.
Sami's son has many imaginary friends.
Sami told Layla about his imaginary friends.
Sami will be your guide.
Sami's cat sleeps in his bedroom.
Sami likes paranormal stories.
Sami played with Layla in his room.
Sami killed people.
Sami would cry.
Sami doesn't have a choice.
Sami's daughter was six.
Sami had an imaginary friend that lived in the closet.
Sami was far from being disturbed.
Sami said a little boy lived in his closet. In fact, this was his imaginary friend.
Sami said his imaginary friend didn't have a face.
Sami is doing fantastic.
Sami is doing so much better.
Sami is doing great after his surgery.
Sami wants to see more videos like that.
Sami and Layla went to the mosque together.
Sami and Layla were spilling some tea.
Sami and Layla were no longer together.
Sami was doing some crazy shit with that girl.
Sami and Layla played video games in the basement.
Sami and Layla hung out together during their lunch period.
Sami and Layla were out of high school.
Sami and Layla had one class together.
Sami came from a single-parent home.
Sami came from a single-parent home and he was basically raising himself.
Sami had a ton of tattoos.
Sami did his own thing.
Sami wasn't there to make friends.
Sami isn't here to make friends. He just doesn't give a shit.
Sami and Layla never hold hands.
Sami and Layla never held hands in public.
Sami and Layla were hanging out in the courtyard.
Sami and Layla were sitting on a bench.
Sami and Layla had an off period together.
Sami lived a block away from us.
Sami wasn't listening to his mom as much as he used to.
Sami started making his own decision.
Sami and Layla went to chill at Farid's house.
Sami's mom was never mom.
Sami had no parental guidance.
Sami can come over any time.
Sami had the whole house to himself.
Sami chilled with everybody.
Sami told the boys.
Sami's little sister was six years old.
Sami took care of the house.
Sami got ready.
Sami wasn't there to help Layla.
Sami would play video games.
Sami and Layla hung out all day.
Sami felt that sense of freedom he had never felt before.
Sami started to believe that was normal.
Sami used to ride my bus to school.
Sami lived across the street from me.
Sami stayed a night at his friend's house.
Sami spent the night over there.
Sami never spent the night over there.
Sami slept on the sectional couch.
Sami had expensive sectional couches.
Sami ordered pizza.
Sami was playing video games.
Sami was enjoying his freedom.
Sami and Layla never fought.
Sami and Layla never fight. They are just not that type of couple.
Sami didn't want to get in the middle of it.
Sami can hear everything.
Sami and Layla are fighting.
Sami was banging on the bathroom door.
Sami didn't know what Layla and Farid were fighting about.
Sami went to talk to Layla.
Sami couldn't calm Layla down.
Sami needs to give Layla some time.
Sami should give Layla some space.
Sami was blind.
Sami sat on the couch for a few minutes.
Sami was one of my best friends.
Sami knocked on the door softly.
Sami unlocked the door and came out.
Sami's face was red and swollent.
Layla bursted out in tears again.
Sami hugged her.
Sami fell into my arms, crying and crying and crying.
Sami started walking Layla over to the couch.
Sami sat Layla down on the couch.
Layla is pregnant.
Sami and Layla were fighting about this.
Sami doesn't know that Layla was pregnant.
Sami and Layla were agitated with each other.
Sami didn't feel he was making the right decision.
Sami noticed the way Layla was acting.
Layla didn't know if she would keep the baby.
Sami was feeling really sick.
Layla didn't know if she was ready to have a baby.
Sami and Layla were both sixteen.
Sami didn't know how to advise Layla.
Sami should take his time.
Sami is gonna be mad.
Sami is going to be mad.
Sami is just about to graduate.
Sami only has a part time job.
Sami hasn't even graduated.
Sami isn't ready to tell Layla.
Sami felt so sorry for Layla.
Sami wasn't ready to have that conversation with Layla.
Sami isn't supposed to tell Layla what to do.
Sami and Layla went into her room together and they shut the door.
Sami thinks that he should leave.
Sami hasn't even told Layla.
Sami is always the last to know.
Sami stood in the middle of this teenage drama.
Sami and Layla made up.
Sami and Layla were making up.
Sami invited Layla over.
Sami and Layla spent the rest of their day with their friends.
Sami has some huge news for you, guys.
Sami has just found that Layla is pregnant.
Sami and Layla are expecting a baby now.
Layla told her mom she was pregnant.
Sami's mother was pregnant, too.
Layla's baby will be born in six weeks.
Layla and her mom were pregnant at the same time.
Layla and Salima have both given birth.
Sami's baby was probably five or six months old.
Layla was babysitting her baby sister.
Layla is being a mom for the first time.
Sami was finishing his high school online.
Sami was doing everything online.
Sami started texting me a whole lot more.
Sami didn't want to hang out with Layla.
Sami called Layla a lot.
Sami was so tired of being home.
Layla was so tired of being home with the baby.
Sami and Layla decided to go to the mall.
Sami and Layla want to go to the mall.
Sami went into the toilet stall and closed the door.
Sami has done this a few times.
Sami changed the baby's diaper.
Layla opened up the diaper bag.
Sami found a stack of letters addressed to Layla.
Layla changed the baby in the bathroom.
Layla started changing the baby.
Layla was changing the baby.
Sami was super tense.
Sami was packing up the diaper bag.
Sami started acting super weird.
Sami wanted to go first.
Sami just found the letters.
Sami found all of the letters.
Sami didn't let Layla see the letters.
Sami wants to talk to you about it now.
Sami has to promise not to tell anybody at all.
Sami was outside of the bathroom.
Sami pulled out the letters again.
Sami doesn't want to be involved in something like this.
Sami doesn't have to tell Layla.
Sami and Layla are just here to chill.
Sami tried not to by judgy.
Sami came from a very tough background.
Sami was my first.
Sami was my first boyfriend.
Sami assumed that Farid was Layal's first.
Sami was my first love.
Sami made Layla feel special and beautiful.
Sami started getting into trouble for petty theft.
Sami stole cars.
Sami started getting into a lot of trouble and ended up going to jail.
Sami went to jail for a good six years.
Sami never stopped having feelings for Layla.
Sami ended up getting with Layla.
Sami was in jail.
Sami asked for Layla's address.
Sami started writing Layla.
Sami gave Layla his address.
Sami and Layla started writing to each other.
Sami and Layla have been writing to each other for almost six years now.
Sami is not being judgy.
Sami hid the letters.
Sami hid the letters in the trunk of his car.
Sami didn't want to keep the letters in his car.
Sami started hiding drugs in Layla's apartment.
Sami has just got out of jail.
Sami is meeting me here today.
Sami hasn't seen Layla in six years.
Sami was super understanding.
Sami wasn't trying to judge Layla.
Layla got Sami in the middle of a love triangle.
Sami wasn't supposed to do anything.
Sami asked Layla not to tell him anything else.
Sami needs friends.
Sami has to understand that.
Sami know about this.
Sami didn't want to help Layla see her ex-boyfriend.
Sami took the baby.
Sami will text you.
Sami has never asked Layla for anything.
Sami won't let Layla to drag him into this situation.
Sami was so irritated with Layla.
Sami is gonna text you in exactly twenty minutes from now.
Layla has no experience taking care of children.
Sami is going to text you in exactly twenty minutes from now.
Layla changed her baby's diaper.
Layla changed her baby cousin's diaper twice.
Sami tried to calm the baby down.
Layla's baby just wants his mom.
Sami dropped the backpack.
Sami was probably in his sixties.
Sami was just watching the baby for a little bit.
Sami sat on a bench.
Sami and Layla went to sit down.
Sami and Layla sat down on a bench.
Sami started rocking the baby.
Sami was trying to calm the baby down.
Sami put the baby in the stroller.
Sami's baby stopped crying.
Sami's baby was hungry.
Layla's baby was falling asleep.
Layla's baby started to fall asleep.
Layla's baby was crying because he needed to take a nap.
Layla has already changed her baby.
Layla asked Sami to buy her diapers.
Layla asked Sami to buy her diapers for the baby.
Layla's baby was getting fussy.
Layla's baby started crying again.
Layla's baby started screaming again.
Sami heard the baby screaming.
Sami looked at me, confused.
Sami started yelling at Layla across the room.
Layla should take care of her kid.
Sami doesn't want to be part of this.
Sami doesn't know how to deal with this.
Sami doesn't know how to deal with Layla's children.
Sami and Layla started fighting in the hotel lobby.
Sami wanted Layla to stay single for him.
Sami got on a bus and went home.
Sami left the mall at six.
Sami felt so guilty about it.
Sami didn't tell the truth.
Sami ruined his own life.
Sami just let Layla handle her own shit.
Sami still didn't know how to handle that situation.
Sami kept the secret for Layla.
Sami didn't think that Layla deserved that.
Sami was trying to stay afloat.
Sami was spilling tea.
Sami looks so cute.
Sami was still sixteen years old.
Sami isn't interested in hearing about that.
Sami is not even in my life.
Sami has a lot of things that he wants to accomplish.
Sami wanted to get a car.
Sami wanted to steal a car.
Sami was with Layla for almost six years.
Sami was feeling sad.
Sami woke up at six thirty in the morning.
Sami rode two buses back home.
Sami was working a minimum-wage job.
Sami got up so early in the morning.
Sami came across an interesting job opening.
Sami told Layla a lot of stories.
Sami read all time.
Sami is a nerd at heart.
Sami is a nerd.
Sami is good at heart.
Sami applied for that position.
Sami's job was conveniently located for him.
Sami worked in the gift shop of the museum.
Sami was working in the gift shop.
Sami was a few years older than me.
Sami and Layla never really talked.
Sami wanted to be friends with Farid.
Sami was direct and unapologetic about his opinions.
Sami aspired to be like Layla.
Sami was very direct.
Sami spoke his mind.
Sami looked up to Layla.
Sami kind of looked up to Layla.
Sami and Layla were able to have lunch together.
Sami wasn't really my best friend at the time.
Sami was still in Layla's life.
Sami was still in Layla's life because she had not met Farid yet.
Sami and Layla were single.
Sami and Layla stayed friends for years.
Sami enjoyed doing this.
Sami wanted to constantly have Layla's attention.
Sami lost track of time.
Sami had a very hard time.
Sami needs to understand and accept that.
Sami and Layla didn't talk every day.
Sami and Layla were always there for each other.
Sami and Layla would go for a long time without talking.
Sami is working at a bar.
Sami has to do what he has to do.
Sami was working at that bare at the time.
Sami got two jobs.
Sami made a new friend.
Sami met Layla's sister.
Sami used to hang out with Layla.
Sami's sister is six years older than him.
Sami got to know Layla a little better.
Sami and Layla went to clubs together.
Sami and Layla were just like day and night.
Sami had a daughter with Layla.
Sami had a daughter with his high school sweetheart.
Sami ended up marrying his high school sweetheart.
Sami didn't really know Layla.
Sami didn't really know me.
Sami had a fight with Layla's ex.
Sami has been working at this bar for six months.
Sami did a quick scan of the room and saw Layla.
Sami knows who that is.
Sami stopped at the bar.
Sami looked so familiar to Layla.
Sami saw Layla for a split second.
Sami and Layla made eye contact again.
Sami tipped the waiter.
Sami tipped the server.
Sami didn't tip the waitress.
Sami opened up a case of beer.
Sami closed the freezer.
Sami put the beer in the freezer.
Sami felt like he knew Layla.
Sami seemed so nervous.
Sami felt immediately nervous.
Sami was with six of his friends.
Sami was directly in front of me.
Sami was Layla's husband.
Sami made me wanna shit myself.
Sami made me want to shit myself.
Sami felt his stomach drop.
Sami was at a singles' bar.
Sami is not allowed to be here.
Sami is just hanging out with some of his friends.
Sami slid the beer across the bar.
Sami wasn't acting like a normal person.
Sami pulled Layla over the bar.
Sami would not let Layla's hand go.
Sami is reeking of alcohol.
Sami asked Layla to do him a favor.
Sami shouldn't put Layla in this position.
Sami asked Layla not to tell Salima that she saw him in a singles' bar.
Sami shouldn't put Layla in his marital issues.
Sami doesn't even know that Layla is here.
Sami has to sign this.
Sami gave Layla a pen.
Sami turned into a different person.
Sami signed the slip.
Sami gave Layla a tip.
Sami tipped Layla sixty dollars.
In the past, in Kabylia, peasants used to eat figs and drink sour milk at lunch.
He fought for freedom and he died for it.
Have you ever met a zombie at night?
If you meet a zombie at night, you will have a heart attack.
Just imagine you slept and when you woke up you found yourself in a tomb.
I think that Sami is not only a women chaser, but also a pedophile.
Each of them wishes prosperity to another.
Every time he remembers his late mother, he cries as a baby.
Djafar is smart. Me too.
I welcome your decision.
Is that chocolate?
What kind of activities you enjoy the most?
What kind of activities do you like to do in your free time?
How did he know where to find me?
How did Tom know where to find me?
How did she know where to find me?
Tom scanned the shelves.
This is something I have to do by myself.
Some things are best forgotten.
Tom speaks English with an accent.
Tom speaks French with an accent.
Tom speaks Japanese with an accent.
Tom speaks German with an accent.
Try to enjoy yourselves.
Tom held his stuffed animal close to his chest.
Tom held the stuffed animal close to his chest.
Tom has a huge collection of stuffed animals.
Mary has a huge collection of dolls.
Mary has a huge doll collection.
Tom takes his stuffed animal wherever he goes.
Tom takes his teddy bear with him wherever he goes.
Don't overpack.
Mary takes her stuffed animal with her wherever she goes.
Tom wants to sell the farm.
I wanted to be the first to congratulate you.
Tom loves zoos.
I knew you were bluffing.
This is an optical illusion.
Canada is our friend.
Canadians are our friends.
Tom loves Canada.
Tom likes Canada.
Tom attempted to swim across the river.
Tom was somehow able to swim across the river.
You can swim much better than Tom can.
Tom lives near the beach, but he can't swim.
If you don't eat fast, you'll be late for school.
Tom lives near the ocean, but he can't swim.
I'm taking you somewhere nice.
You've lost some weight, haven't you?
We'll eat, and then go straight to bed.
I'd like to eat curry rice for dinner.
Is Tom eating an apple or a banana?
I'd rather not eat the same food again today.
Are you going to be eating that piece of pie?
Tom eats lunch near the office where he works.
I'll give you a call before I come.
Tell me when you'll call me.
Learning to speak a foreign language well takes a lot of time.
How long do you think it would take you to paint my house?
This will make you stronger.
I was called on in French class.
I'm going to take tomorrow off.
Please tell me which one to take.
I think most people enjoy doing that.
The author has cherry-picked the evidence and his theory can't be taken seriously.
Good researchers don't cherry-pick the data to support their preconceptions.
The professor warned his students against cherry-picking the data to support their preconceptions.
Yidir is a football player.
Megduda is Yidir's wife.
Yidir has never beaten his wife, Megduda.
Yidir is a peasant who is well-known in his village.
Yidir's neighbour is Moqran.
Moqran is a university teacher.
Italian is a language that comes from Latin.
How can I learn Slovak language?
If I had to choose between money and knowledge, I'd prefer knowledge.
Compare these objects and then choose the one you like most.
Don't make me repeat myself again.
I constantly feel pressured.
My parents are ballbreakers.
I need to get away for a day or so.
He colored my days.
I am full of rage.
I didn't ever promise you any of that.
Be careful! Don't touch a venomous snake.
Yidir has never gone to school.
In Devon we have wonderful coastal walking.
In Devon we have wonderful moorland walking.
In Scotland we have wonderful hillwalking.
In Scotland we have wonderful winter mountaineering.
In Chamonix we have wonderful alpine mountaineering.
I love hiking - in fact you could say that I'm a little bit addicted.
I love hiking - in fact you could say that I'm a little bit of an addict.
The whole town is talking about it.
The whole town's talking about it.
Dress the salad.
What are the ingredients of a happy life?
Let's forget it!
I don't want to depress you.
What you did is very serious.
Guests are like fish - after three days they stink.
It's not easy to break the chains of addiction.
I defeated my inner demons.
I overcame my inner demons.
You took me by surprise.
I don't feel part of the family.
I don't feel like part of the family.
Nature fascinates me.
I'm fascinated by nature.
Do you want to taste my ice cream?
Duty comes before pleasure.
I'm eating parsnip.
I'm eating some parsnip.
Appearances often mislead.
He suddenly changed the plan.
If only you'd listened to me!
I don't owe you any explanation.
He was half drunk.
You've chosen the wrong time to tell me that you need a loan.
I'm really unpleasant.
I'm really disagreeable.
Don't try to sweeten the pill.
Cover your mouth when you sneeze.
I miss my mother.
Stop playing up.
Stop your tantrums.
You are really demanding.
You are truly insatiable.
The scene made my blood chill.
I'm not the type that gives up so easily.
I'm not the kind that gives up to easily.
I'm not the type that surrenders so easily.
I'm not the kind that surrenders so easily.
What do you think of my new hairstyle?
Who knows what people will think?
He has recovered quickly.
I want to be a priest at all costs.
Don't put your finger in the wound.
I don't even want to hear about it!
I'd like things between us to be as they were before.
Why did you only tell me this now?
Love is not for me.
What makes you think that I'll accept?
Give me the pleasure of keeping quiet.
Do me the honour of keeping quiet.
You're acting like a bitch in heat.
You're behaving like a bitch in heat.
She entered the menopause.
Don't take advantage of my patience.
I'm not!
No I'm not!
I'd like to overcome all my fears.
You're as cold as ice.
You're becoming unbearable.
I gave you my trust, and you betrayed it.
I trusted you, and you betrayed me.
They all come to me!
Go and take a cold shower.
I must have lost a piece.
Are you here on Friday evening?
Djafar is stealing chickens.
You wrote the resignation letter just in time.
We will check everything in the most thorough way.
Djafar was drunk yesterday.
Everything must be state of the art.
Djafar is learning Kabyle.
We'll do everything perfectly.
Slimane knows Djafar.
This case is under my personal control.
Don't worry - I'll check everything personally.
I hope it won't be too late when he discovers the truth.
I'm not worried by the cost.
Djafar smells manure.
Djafar is a shepherd.
There won't be any alternative.
Fadil liked skiing.
Fadil liked to ski.
Djafar doesn't know how to write correctly.
You wanted it, so don't complain now.
It was you that wanted it, so don't complain now.
The children love dogs.
This concept appeared relatively recently.
Everyone loved Sami.
It's the price per hundred grams.
I will never, ever forgive him.
Sorry - I didn't do it on purpose.
Stay still. Don't move.
Have you changed the baby's nappy?
Have you changed the baby's diaper? (US)
You're always the same - you never change.
That's the story of my life.
They locked me up.
This goes against my principles.
This is against my principles.
He is penniless.
He is blind drunk.
The Mayans built a great civilisation in Central America.
Next time, warn me first.
The white fox lives in the Arctic.
If only I'd known this before!
Your hour has arrived!
Your moment has arrived!
Your time has arrived!
It is useless to despair.
Despair is useless.
Are you being served, sir?
You're terrible in the kitchen.
You're a disaster in the kitchen.
You're a washout in the kitchen.
If the weather is fine tomorrow, we'll go out to the forest.
Do you speak Maltese?
Canberra is the capital of Australia.
Does she have a sister?
Does he have a sister?
Does he have a brother?
Does this dress look okay?
She is going to have some explaining to do.
Tom is going to have some explaining to do.
You both have some explaining to do.
You're going to have some explaining to do.
Tom folded the folding chair.
Tom unfolded the folding chair.
Tom and Mary unfolded the folding chairs.
Tom and Mary folded the folding chairs.
I wish that Tom was my brother.
I wish that Mary was my sister.
Don't worry. I won't do anything dumb.
Don't worry. I won't do anything stupid.
I won't do anything dumb.
Does she have a brother?
I won't do anything stupid.
I was surprised, to say the least.
Are there going to be any girls?
Are there going to be any guys?
I'm not the only one who knows your secret.
I'm the only one who knows your secret.
Mary broke out of her shell.
Tom broke out of his shell.
It took Tom a long time to break out of his shell.
It took Mary a long time to break out of her shell.
If you have something to say, get it out.
Shut your mouth or I'll shut it for you.
You don't think I'm good enough for her?
You don't think I'm good enough for him?
Tom scared the living daylights out of me.
Tom took her arm.
Tom took Mary's arm.
He's exactly my type.
He's exactly your type.
He's not so bad looking.
He's not so bad looking either.
And he's not so bad looking either.
What will your wife think?
What will your husband think?
I woke up and you were gone.
I woke up and she was gone.
I woke up and he was gone.
When Tom woke up, Mary was gone.
I'm not ready to settle down yet.
I'm not ready to settle down.
A smile crossed his face.
A smile crossed her face.
A smirk crossed his face.
A smile crossed Tom's face.
A smirk crossed Mary's face.
If you have something to say, say it now.
He slapped her hand away.
She slapped his hand away.
Superstition is the religion of fools.
I am a lot happier now.
I'm a lot happier now.
Tom is up to his old tricks again.
It's an accident waiting to happen.
This is an accident waiting to happen.
Does she have any brothers or sisters?
His smile was genuine.
Her smile was genuine.
This is genuine leather.
This bag is made from genuine leather.
Would you like to hold my hand?
Don't believe her, Mary.
Don't believe him, Mary.
Don't believe her, Tom.
Don't believe him, Tom.
I thought you were promised to Tom.
I thought you were promised to Mary.
Mary wore a simple, yet elegant dress.
Would you do me the honour of a moonlight stroll?
He's not my type in the least.
You two are an odd pair.
They make an odd pair.
Tom and Mary make an odd pair.
You need two to make a pair.
They make for an odd pair.
Some things are better left in the past.
Mary went to the ladies' room.
They went for a romantic moonlight walk on the beach.
Tom and Mary went for a romantic moonlight walk on the beach.
Strange things have been happening around town.
"You're scared." "No, I'm not."
I wasn't lying when I said that I loved you.
Tom had a hoodie on.
Mary has a sweet voice.
What's your verdict?
I'm not his type, and he's not my type.
Take this box into the other room.
It wasn't like that at first.
He wasn't like that at first.
Tom wasn't like that at first.
What the hell was I thinking?
Please help me open this door.
Mary closed her eyes for a second.
Tom closed his eyes for a second.
Mary was the most beautiful woman at Tom's party.
Mary was the most beautiful girl at Tom's party.
Tom was the most handsome man at Mary's party.
I've heard enough of your lies.
I've heard enough of your lies, Tom.
I've heard enough of your lies, Mary.
Mary closed her eyes for a second and waited for Tom's kiss.
Mary will be there to act as chaperone.
Mary closed her eyes for a second and waited for Tom's kiss. When she opened her eyes Tom was gone.
She isn't my type at all.
He isn't my type at all.
Tom isn't my type at all.
Mary isn't my type at all.
Does she have a brother or a sister?
You're only punishing yourself.
I didn't think you'd ever speak to me again.
Tom is cocky.
We had such a nice time visiting you!
I must return Tom's call.
Please call me between seven and eight.
Would you please call me at 2:30?
Mary closed her eyes and waited for Tom's kiss.
Mary closed her eyes and waited for Tom's kiss. When she opened her eyes Tom was gone.
When she opened her eyes, Tom was gone.
When Mary opened her eyes, Tom was gone.
I'll call you around 2:30.
When Tom opened his eyes, Mary was gone.
What makes you think he's my type?
What makes you think she's my type?
What makes you think you're my type?
What makes you think Tom is my type?
You never let me do what I want!
Tom is not as spry as he used to be.
Tom is not as nimble as he used to be.
What in the world was I thinking?
What on earth was I thinking?
I'm not Tom's type, and he's not my type.
I'm sorry, but I already have a date.
I'm sorry, but I already have other plans.
I'm sorry, but I already have plans for the evening.
Why didn't you ever tell me?
I'll take Tom's place.
I'll fill in for Tom.
I'm sorry, but I already have plans for this evening.
Why didn't you ever tell me how you felt about me?
Why didn't you ever tell me how you felt about Tom?
Why didn't you ever tell me how you felt about Mary?
Why didn't you tell me that you knew each other?
Why didn't you tell me you were coming?
Did you ever really love me?
Why didn't you ever tell me that you loved me?
Who are you to decide that?
Why would he do that?
Why would she do that?
Chariot races were popular in ancient Rome.
Beer is just liquid bread, right?
His talents could be put to better use.
His talents could be put to better use elsewhere.
Tom's talents could be put to better use elsewhere.
Mary's talents could be put to better use elsewhere.
His talents could be put to better use somewhere else.
No one has claimed the prize.
If there are no milkshakes involved, Im not interested.
This would be perfect.
I already exist.
Tom switched all the lights off.
You know Tom needs to do that, don't you?
I'll call back at 2:30.
I take my coffee black.
I'll take care of your dog while you're away.
I don't always do what Tom tells me to do.
It'll take a while for this rash to go away.
"Is your name Tom?" "No, it's John."
Tom never gets home before dark.
Tom is never home before dark.
Tom never gets home until after dark.
I usually don't get home until after dark.
Try to be home before dark.
I don't think that we'll get home before dark.
I don't think we'll get home before dark.
I don't think that we'll get home until after dark.
I don't think we'll get home until after dark.
You aren't allowed to take photographs here.
I have a kid to take care of.
Tom takes a walk almost every morning before breakfast.
Sami is working in his basement.
Sami's house is super ugly.
Sami can hear the water trickle down.
Sami loves Halloween season.
Sami began telling the story.
Layla looks so beautiful.
Sami really appreciates this.
Sami and Layla are sharing a room.
Sami and Layla are living together.
Sami and Layla dressed up for Halloween.
Sami dressed up like a baby for Halloween.
Sami is so embarrassed now.
Sami and Layla have been together for six years.
Sami wanted to go to the Halloween party.
Sami still wanted to go to the Halloween parties.
Sami started working downtown.
Sami would always go down there.
Sami would always go downtown.
Sami wanted to go to a Halloween event.
Sami and Layla wanted to go together.
Sami already has this.
Sami dressed up as a girl for Halloween.
Layla dressed up as a girl for the Halloween party.
Layla is around boys all the times.
Layla can imitate boys.
Layla talks like a boy.
Sami dressed up as a gothic boy for Halloween.
Layla dressed up like a gothic girl for the Halloween party.
Sami wore a blue polo.
Sami's ponytail wasn't that long.
Layla looked like a dude.
Sami wore blue jeans.
Sami dressed in blue from head to toe.
Sami put his hair in a ponytail.
Sami wasn't going to wear a wig.
Sami's wig doesn't fit under a hat.
Sami had gone to Cairo.
Layla wore a blue bandana.
Sami started laughing his ass off.
Sami had dark hair.
Sami has a photo of him in that outfit.
Sami is in Layla's car.
Layla looks like a dude.
Sami put the picture on Instagram.
Layla and Salima looked like boys.
Layla was acting like a dude.
Layla was talking like a dude.
Layla was acting and talking like a dude.
Sami and Layla were taking pictures.
Sami's phone camera was just shitty.
Sami couldn't believe how much Layla looked like a boy.
Sami got downtown.
Sami parked.
Sami and Layla were in their Halloween costumes.
Sami got really hungry.
Sami is in the mall.
Sami sat separate from his parents.
Sami felt this weird feeling like someone was watching him.
Sami was on the bus, standing and holding up to one of the poles.
Sami winked at me.
Sami winked at my ass.
Sami is winking at me.
Sami was still staring.
Sami's parents got off the bus.
Sami was walking behind his parents.
Sami was in the waiting area.
Sami stayed there.
Sami stayed right here.
Sami noticed that people were looking at him weird.
Sami noticed that people were looking at him in a weird way.
Sami was facing me.
Layla acted like a guy.
Sami saw Layla on the bus.
Layla is fine as hell.
Sami thought Layla was an actual dude.
Sami was wearing a Halloween costume.
Sami introduced himself and gave Layla his business card.
Sami was standing with a girl on the bus.
Sami put his phone number in Layla's phone.
Sami didn't see Layla's phone.
Layla thinks Sami is so fine.
Sami gave me his phone number.
Sami wondered why Layla complained about this so much.
Sami bit his lip.
Sami was not just Layla's friend.
Sami and Layla started bursting out laughing.
Sami thinks Layla is a dude.
Sami waited out there.
Sami started noticing those girls.
Sami went to the patio.
Sami is on the patio.
Sami separated from his parents.
Sami and Layla were walking and talking.
Sami was talking about us.
Sami and Layla were taking about us.
Sami was doing this in front of his parents.
Sami didn't want to say no to Layla.
Sami didn't take Layla's number.
Sami gave his number to Layla.
Sami's parents were sitting at this table.
Sami's parents just burst out laughing.
Layla was with somebody.
Layla said she was with somebody.
Sami was in the middle of the mall.
Sami saved the phone number.
Sami did this for fun.
Sami deleted all of those phone numbers.
Sami took a shower first.
Sami went to the bathroom to take a shower.
Sami didn't pay attention to the text message.
Sami wasn't even home yet.
Sami and Layla were driving home.
Sami read the name again.
Sami used a girl's name.
Sami was nosy as hell.
Sami opened Layla's phone and went through her text messages.
Sami felt very sad.
Sami knocked on the bathroom door and Layla told him to come in.
Sami was still taking a shower.
Sami doesn't care if his daughter likes girls.
Sami was texting this girl.
Sami met Layla in person at the mall.
Layla is my little sister.
Sami really likes you.
Sami was texting that girl.
Sami should get out of my business.
Sami was pissed at Layla.
Sami doesn't want to invade Layla's privacy.
Sami wasn't talking to Layla.
Sami picked up Layla's phone and went through her text messages.
Sami received a text message from the same girls.
Layla sent a picture of her boobs to Sami.
Sami received a text message from Layla and it was a picture of her boobs.
Sami was just bored.
Sami asked Layla to send him pictures.
Sami told Layla to stop texting that girl.
Sami thought he could potentially have a relationship with Layla.
Sami deleted all Layla's text messages.
Sami asked Layla to stop talking to him about that.
Sami convinced Layla that he was somebody he was not.
Sami convinced Layla that he was somebody he wasn't.
Sami said that he was bored.
Sami and Layla never talked about it again.
Sami was talking to a girl.
Sami wanted to live in a haunted house.
Sami doesn't have the right to talk about this.
Sami titled the video "The Haunted House."
Layla looks amazing today.
Sami wanted to see Layla's beautiful face.
Sami is so excited right now.
Sami started his freshman year at this high school.
Sami talked about his first high school.
Sami was pretty nice.
Sami never had any issues over there.
Sami never had an argument at that school.
Sami is really bad at art.
Sami took ceramics at high school.
Sami was already making friends in school.
Layla thought Sami was the cutest thing she had never laid her eyes on.
Sami has curly hair.
Sami is really funny.
Sami and Layla are really funny.
Sami doesn't know what prompted the teacher to do this.
Sami and Layla started a convo.
Sami had conflicting feelings.
Sami and Layla talked about homework.
Sami and Layla were just talking more and more.
Sami and Layla had the same lunch period.
Sami and Layla had gym class.
Sami was standing outside of the gym class, waiting for Layla.
Sami and Layla go to the cafeteria together.
Sami was very sweet but he was also very trouble.
Sami sympathized with Layla.
Sami didn't come from the best of homes.
Sami didn't come from the best of background.
Sami inevitably felt bad for Layla.
Sami pitied Layla.
Sami felt bad for Layla and even pitied her.
Sami was very honest with Layla.
Sami would walk Layla to her classes.
Sami would be flirty with Layla.
Sami started liking Layla a lot.
Sami started talking to me about Layla.
Sami was so happy for his mom.
Sami never saw his mom dating anybody.
Layla was so happy that her mom was dating again.
Layla's mom was dating.
Sami had to call his mom.
Sami told his daughter not to talk to boys.
Sami's mom came home.
Sami wanted his daughter, Layla, and Salima's daughter, to meet.
Sami is meeting Layla for the first time.
Sami looked older than me.
Sami seemed a lot older than what he was.
Sami was about to be sixteen and Layla was about to be twelve.
Sami and Layla stayed very quiet.
Sami let Layla and Farid sit next to each other.
Sami and Layla were acting really, really weird.
Sami and Layla combined their households.
Sami started seeing Layla's raw personality.
Sami's parents made the decisions for him.
Sami and Layla are not handling it well.
Sami and Layla aren't handling it well.
Sami made a decision and no one can get him to waiver.
Sami was so sad that he had to move schools.
Sami couldn't believe that his mom was making that decision.
Sami's school was far as hell.
Sami's school is far away.
Sami's school is all the way across town.
Sami did not talk to me for like a good day.
Sami didn't talk to me for like a good day.
Sami didn't talk to me for a full day.
Sami came to his locker.
Sami shut his locker door.
Sami was blaming me for something I couldn't control.
Sami just hugged me.
Sami hugged me so tight.
Sami made me happy in my life.
Sami was so sad about it.
Sami has never tested it.
Sami wanted to give Layla his phone number.
Sami's mom was very invasive.
Sami did not believe in privacy when it came to kids.
Sami didn't believe in privacy when it came to kids.
Sami goes through Layla's phone every time.
Sami was dating again.
Sami's attention is elsewhere.
Sami has Layla's phone number.
Sami warned Layla several times.
Sami is risking his life.
Sami asked Layla not to text him again.
Sami is not trying to get killed.
Sami isn't trying to get killed.
Sami's mom went through his phone and she saw Layla's text messages.
I found a lot of duplicate records.
Sami and Layla share a room together.
Sami and Layla were trying to scare each other.
Sami's place is haunted.
Sami told everybody the story.
Sami went to the youth part of the church.
Sami heard whispering.
Sami has been living with Layla for six months.
Sami insisted that this was the truth.
Sami felt like somebody was watching him.
Sami never did anything to hurt Layla.
Sami went home that night.
Sami and Layla were both in their pyjamas.
Sami was writing in his diary.
Sami always kept a diary.
Sami closed his diary.
Sami was just trying to scare the kids.
Sami was referring to the spirit that haunts his place.
Sami has seen the ghost in the mirror.
Sami is really playful.
Sami put the chair near the door and he found it across the room when he came back.
Sami used to talk to me about this type of thing.
Sami said that he was living amongs spirits.
Sami texted Layla right after school.
Sami was so scared to be here.
Sami was still scared.
Sami felt so weird in that house.
Sami felt scared all the time.
Sami felt cold.
Sami was still very anxious.
Sami hasn't heard anything.
Sami wasn't sleeping very well.
Sami woke up to a voice and it was like whispering.
Sami woke up to a voice.
Sami woke up to whispering.
Sami heard the whispering.
Sami isn't going crazy.
Sami could hear the whispering right behind him.
Sami was frozen in fear.
Sami just kept talking and laughing.
Sami put the covers over his head.
Sami could not believe it.
Sami could hear the whispering.
Sami and Layla are talking and laughing.
Sami just stayed really still.
Sami waited for Layla to wake up.
Sami and Layla had breakfast together.
Sami was so accepting of this entire thing.
Sami acted really weird.
Sami heard that whispering.
Sami just heard whispering and laughing.
Sami moved into a new place.
Sami heard that shit.
Sami isn't hearing it.
Sami was making all kinds of noise.
Sami sat up on his bed.
Sami wasn't in his bed.
Sami was not there.
Sami had his bathroom in his room.
Sami was standing at the sink.
Sami was looking at himself in the mirror.
Sami is whispering.
Sami was fully convinced that his room was haunted.
Sami was in the bathroom, looking at himself in the mirror.
Sami was whispering again.
Sami cannot handle this.
Sami was leaving that high school.
Sami walked Layla to the bus stop.
Sami lived on that side of town.
Sami was so sad.
Sami had every intention of going to the police department and report Layla.
Sami and Layla had the whole house to themselves.
Sami doesn't know what's in there.
Sami is sleeping on the couch.
Sami stayed in the room until midnight.
Sami didn't want to worry his mom.
Sami went back into the room with his brother.
Sami went back into that room with his stepbrother.
Sami pretended like he was going to sleep.
Sami wanted to talk to his mom about it.
Sami went into his room and shut the door.
Sami decided to lay there for a few more minutes.
Sami heard the whispering again.
Sami was waiting for Layla's answer.
Sami leaped out of his bed.
Sami's room was quiet.
Sami is not in his bed.
Sami isn't in his bed.
Sami lived in a little two-bedroom apartment.
Sami isn't trying to wake up Layla.
Sami turned to leave.
Sami looked behind him and saw Layla.
Sami rolled the closet door to the side.
Sami had my phone in his hand.
Sami was ringing and he was trying to silence it.
Sami grabbed Layla by the arm and pulled her out of the closet.
Sami went through his recents and found a call from Layla.
Sami went through his recents and found a call that lasted almost an hour.
Sami was whispering on the phone with Layla.
Sami just hung up.
Sami was so sneaky and conniving.
Sami looked like he was about to die.
Layla has never talked to a boy on the phone.
Sami tried to call Layla.
Sami called me and Layla answered.
Sami begged Layla not to tell his dad.
Sami fell on his knees and begged Layla not to report him to the police.
Sami feels the same way.
Sami ended up hugging Layla.
Sami and Layla were just getting to know each other.
Sami cannot do that.
Sami is curious.
Sami told Layla all about his past.
Sami and Layla told each other all about their past.
Sami and Layla want to move on.
Sami and Layla are going to move on.
Layla is a little girl.
Layla is Sami's little stepsister.
Sami wanted to see Layla's gorgeous face.
Sami couldn't do any of this without Layla.
Sami felt real naked.
Sami asked Layla a bunch of questions.
Sami never felt important enough to do something like that.
Sami has been working so hard on that.
Sami liked the gift.
Sami gave Layla my number without my permission.
Sami went to Layla's church.
Sami went to Layla's school.
Sami never noticed Layla.
Sami never showed Layla his bad side until they got married.
Sami never showed Layla his bad side.
Layla had to keep her relationship with Sami a complete secret.
Sami doesn't want to be in trouble by himself.
Sami was ruining Layla's life.
Sami and Layla know this, too.
Sami's high school is a whole different world.
Sami wasn't talking about it.
Sami can't trust his stepsister.
Sami and Layla had a special bond.
Sami wanted that so bad.
Sami decided not to tell this to Layla.
Sami gave Layla the benefit of the doubt.
Sami threw Layla under the bus so many times.
Sami never snitched.
Sami went to my church.
Sami had a lot of mutual friends with Layla.
Sami didn't want his mom to find out.
Sami didn't want his parents to find out.
Layla didn't want her parents to find out about her relationship with Sami.
Sami talked to my boyfriend.
Sami was on that couch.
Sami sat on the edge of the couch.
Sami sat down right next to Layla.
Sami sat on the edge of his bed.
Sami sat down next to me.
Sami shouldn't make this into a big deal.
Sami looked right at me.
Sami felt like he was sweating.
Sami didn't want Layla to know anything.
Sami had plans for next weekend.
Sami kept looking over at Layla.
Sami paid attention to that girl.
Sami is literally the same age as Layla.
Sami was the same age as Layla.
Sami was in nineth grade.
Sami sat down next to Layla and Farid.
Sami kept his eyes on Layla.
Sami was annoyed as shit.
Sami went to hang out with his friends.
Sami is the sweetest and most kind-hearted kid I have ever met.
Sami was so smart.
Sami had extremely artistic.
Sami became like my little brother.
Sami lived in a house.
Sami no longer lived in an apartment.
Sami and Farid were no longer sharing a room.
Sami and Layla didn't want to be around each other.
Sami and Layla were hanging out in the living room.
Sami and Layla weren't talking to each other.
Sami was watching music videos.
Sami would spend hours watching music videos.
Sami is watching music videos.
Sami can't bring his blanket to the dinner table.
Sami's favorite blanket was blue.
Sami said something with a J.
Sami got his blanket.
Sami never texted Layla.
Sami grabbed his phone and looked at it.
Sami had lunch with Layla.
Sami and Layla were doing well.
Sami was waiting for some of his friends to come join him.
Sami was talking to Layla about Farid.
Sami was talking about Layla's sister.
Sami and Layla text each other every day.
Sami didn't tell me.
Sami doesn't tell on Layla.
Sami's friends started showing up to the table.
Sami was also one of them.
Sami was dating Layla's sister.
Sami was leaving the table.
Sami took that opportunity to talk to Layla.
Sami is one of the last people to leave the room.
Sami started telling Layla everything.
Sami is so kind-hearted.
Sami really liked that girl.
Sami was so into Layla.
Sami and Layla were chilling in the kitchen.
Sami and Layla were just sitting there, chilling.
Sami was checking his phone.
Sami's phone dinged and it was a message from Layla.
Sami looked at his phone and saw Layla's name pop up.
Sami couldn't wait to see Layla.
Sami was looking at Layla's phone.
Sami wasn't trying to hide.
Layla is dating Sami's brother.
Sami was acting stupid.
Sami is better than that.
Sami should be honest with me about it.
Sami never told Layla about Salima.
Sami threw Layla's ass under the bus.
Sami will do his own shit.
Sami was scared to tell Layla.
Sami didn't know Layla was dating Farid.
Sami found out about Layla.
Layla was tired of dating that guy.
Sami made Layla feel weird.
Sami will be good to Layla.
Layla and Salima were two sisters dating two brothers.
Layla and Salima were dating brothers.
Sami wanted to take shit in his own hands.
Layla's husband was involved.
Sami pulled the plug.
Sami and Layla got physical but did not have sex.
Sami and Layla got physical but didn't have sex.
Sami was so in love with Layla.
Sami is infatuated with Layla.
Sami's mind was on Layla 24/7.
Sami started buying Layla flowers.
Sami was just head over heels for Layla.
Sami gets Layla gifts.
Sami gives Layla gifts.
Sami gives Layla roses.
Sami wanted to show Layla that he cared about her.
Sami really likes Layla, too.
Sami was already sixteen years old.
Sami started planning on moving out.
Sami is about to leave.
Sami and Layla were fighting a lot.
Sami is grown.
Sami was super open with his mom.
Sami was dating her.
Sami was being really disrespectful.
Sami feels bad about it to this day.
Sami hurt his mom.
Sami hurt his mom's feelings.
Sami was so fucking pissed.
Sami was so dumb.
Sami was dating Farid's girlfriend.
Sami would go hang out with Layla.
Sami grew up with his single mom.
Sami's house was like our house.
Sami and Layla chilled there.
Sami decided to go to the mall.
Sami worked at the gas station down the street.
Sami came to chill with us.
Sami went window shopping.
Sami rode his ass all the way to Layla's place.
Sami and Layla started walking around the mall.
Sami and Layla were laughing and having a good time.
Sami went across the hall.
Sami didn't buy shit.
Sami walked back across the hallway.
Sami was next to Layla.
Layla was in tears.
Sami is standing next to Layla.
Sami was screaming and crying at the same time.
Sami was losing his fucking shit.
Sami had tears running down his face.
Sami was losing his fucking mind.
Sami is not used to it.
Sami isn't used to it.
Sami thought that Layla had changed.
Sami did shit like that.
Sami just stared at Layla.
Sami is walking out of the store.
Sami was just sitting there, looking at Layla.
Sami looked over at Layla.
Sami goes to school with Layla's sister.
Sami slowly started stepping out.
Sami had said everything that he needed to say.
Sami is gonna come to the house and beat your fucking ass.
Sami stormed out of the store.
Sami ruined my time.
Sami is heartbroken because of Layla.
Sami treated Layla so well.
Sami is a fucking mess.
Sami is so pissed.
Sami is looking at me sideways.
Sami sat separately from me.
Sami was sitting with Layla.
Sami tried to console Layla.
Sami was really conflicted.
Sami felt really dumb.
Sami should have been more diligent.
Sami isn't going to date Layla.
Sami is not going to date Layla.
Sami and Layla were both silent.
Sami is not talking.
Sami isn't talking.
Sami went straight to his room, upstairs.
Layla dated my brother.
Sami got defensive.
Sami is really sick and tired of this.
Layla isn't Sami's mom.
Sami cannot control Layla.
Sami screamed and yelled.
Sami tried to blame Layla.
Sami can't control his sister.
Sami cannot control his sister.
Sami can't put up with this.
Sami doesn't know how this happened.
Sami and Layla had one of the biggest fights in their entire relationship.
Sami and Layla almost broke up.
Sami went through a heartbreak.
Sami changed Layla.
Sami was not the same sweet kid anymore.
Sami wasn't the same sweet kid anymore.
Sami never was the same after that.
Sami really affected the way Layla looked at love.
Sami's feelings matter.
Layla was with another guy.
Sami stopped cheating.
Sami stopped cheating on Layla.
Sami will be pissed at Layla.
Sami wants to hear the story.
Sami can see it now.
Sami has to go fix that.
Sami has to go to fix that.
Sami wants to take pictures.
Layla was so beautiful inside and out.
Sami and Layla broke up last June.
Sami doesn't want to come back.
Sami and Layla were arguing at the bus stop.
Sami didn't have a best friend.
Sami and Farid have been friends forever.
Sami was introduced to Layla and Farid.
Sami didn't know Layla existed until he was introduced to Farid.
Sami had a huge family.
Sami had a bunch of brothers and sisters.
Sami was the youngest boy.
Sami was in high school with us.
Sami was a freshman when Layla was a junior.
Sami was lying to Layla.
Sami was kind of pissed at me.
Sami and Layla only saw each other at school.
Sami got suspended.
Layla thought Sami was the nicest guy ever.
Layla thought she dated a nice guy.
Sami went to the bathroom to wash his hands.
Sami was staring at the girl standing in front of him.
Sami follows Layla everywhere.
Sami would follow Layla everywhere.
Sami was calm and collected.
Sami never called his ex-girlfriend.
Sami couldn't hear anything.
Sami wanted to let Layla know he was there.
Sami said it really fast.
Sami scurried away.
Sami scurried off.
Sami acted like nothing happened.
Sami was on his way to the cafeteria.
Sami still wanted to know.
Sami met Layla in the hallway.
Sami is the nicest person ever.
Sami doesn't really know Layla.
Sami is already telling me about this.
Sami was picked up from school by his mother's friend.
Sami went to chill with Layla.
Sami was in the loft area where he had his computer.
Sami was checking his e-mails.
Sami was still checking his e-mails.
Sami was mostly communicating with his mother via e-mail.
Sami e-mailed his mother.
Sami needed to keep an eye on his e-mail.
Sami used the computer upstairs.
Sami found a computer and turned it on.
Sami considered this as an invasion of privacy.
Sami read the e-mail then closed the window.
Sami's name showed up several times in Layla's inbox.
Sami started checking Layla's e-mails.
Sami texted Layla several times.
Sami felt like Layla was his soulmate.
Sami was staring at Layla's sexy ass.
Sami ended up calling Layla.
Sami was looking deadass at Layla.
Sami immediately realized his mistake.
Sami left the window open with Layla's e-mails.
Sami needs to know who Layla is.
Sami didn't respond to Layla's e-mails.
Sami was still attached to Layla.
Sami snitched.
Sami started explaining his story with Layla.
Sami couldn't make that promise.
Sami started playing it down.
Sami started telling Layla the truth.
Sami is holding his breath.
Sami has a lot of siblings.
Sami finished his story.
Sami started backing out from Layla.
Sami dated Layla's little sister.
Sami met Layla at the beginning of high school.
Sami was having a problem processing this information.
Sami feels so guilty.
Sami told me that Layla told him.
Sami started to realize that.
Sami didn't want me dating his sister.
Sami is not playing.
Sami warned Layla not to cross that line.
Sami is looking at Layla's sister.
Sami decided to do the exact same thing.
Layla is Sami's baby sister.
Sami told Farid not to fuck with his sister.
Sami will fight Farid.
Sami doesn't want Farid to date his sister.
Sami would never disrespect his brother like that.
Sami is telling Layla what to do.
Sami is a fucking asshole.
Sami was e-mailing Layla every day.
Sami was getting really attached to Layla.
Sami is heartbroken.
Sami is attached to Layla.
Sami can't seem to understand the complexity of the situation.
Sami is the love of my life.
Sami can't help how he feels.
Sami wanted to follow his heart.
Sami wanted Layla to know that he loved her.
Sami didn't even do that.
Sami and Layla did almost everything together.
Sami was swearing up and down that he didn't do anything wrong with Layla.
Sami didn't want to take Layla's virginity.
Sami wasn't writing Layla e-mails anymore.
Sami and Layla were emotionally connected.
Sami doesn't have to live with that guilt.
Sami and Layla are in a relationship and Farid needs to respect that.
Sami didn't want to be disrespectful.
Sami knows that Layla and Farid are together.
Sami had an issue.
Sami and Layla had an issue.
Layla was crying with Salima.
Sami has a problem.
Sami kept Layla's secret.
Sami wanted to have a face to face conversation with Layla.
Sami needs to have a face to face conversation with Layla about this.
Sami and Farid started fighting.
Sami and Farid started fighting in school.
Sami needs to fix it.
Sami started this shit.
Sami and Layla had a conversation about this during lunch.
Sami spent the majority of his lunch time in the library, talking to Layla.
Sami made a huge mistake.
Sami seemed really remorseful.
Sami didn't talk about it anymore.
Sami was acting super weird.
Sami and Layla chilled outside.
Sami went inside his house and went upstairs.
Sami started going upstairs.
Layla sat down on Sami's lap.
Sami asked Layla to sit on his lap.
Sami knew that he had to tell Layla.
Sami received six more e-mails from Layla.
Sami got caught cheating on Layla.
Sami started reading the e-mails.
Sami started reading the e-mails and it was the same shit.
Sami wondered what was holding him and Layla apart.
Sami didn't understand what Layla was saying.
Sami's blood was boiling.
Sami mentioned Layla this time.
Sami mentioned me in his text this time.
Sami came from an extremely religious family.
Sami will be sent to his home country.
Sami didn't understand the complexity of the situation.
Sami wanted to make himself really clear.
Sami wanted to see Layla in person.
Sami knew about Layla's past.
Sami doesn't want to get Layla in trouble.
Sami was suspended immediately.
Sami and Farid got into a fist fight.
Sami and Farid were suspended for the fight.
Sami got kicked out of the school.
Sami lived down the street from Layla.
Sami was going home early.
Sami had a similar schedule.
Sami still needed Layla.
Sami's house was completely empty.
Sami came up with a new plan.
Sami knows where the bus stop is.
Sami used to ride the bus.
Sami didn't want to fight Layla.
Sami was so disrespectful.
Sami waited for Layla's sister.
Sami and Layla lived around the same neighborhood.
Sami went directly to Layla's house.
Sami doesn't know anything about Layla's plan.
Sami put his shoes on.
Sami was running upstairs.
Sami's face went pale.
Sami went to meet Layla at the bus stop.
Sami put on his boots.
Sami kept on talking to Layla.
Sami was disrespecting his girlfriend.
Sami twisted Layla's arm.
Sami held a gun to Layla's head.
Sami doesn't believe this.
Sami is with me.
Sami went out to the street.
Sami sat there, on the grass.
Sami sat on the grass.
Sami is waiting for the school bus.
Sami was waiting for the school bus.
Sami's bus got closer.
Sami started stepping away.
Sami was watching the kids getting off the bus.
Sami started speed walking.
Sami started walking home.
Sami is not going to let Layla embarrass him in front of his friends.
Sami isn't going to let Layla embarrass him in front of his friends.
Layla is Sami's girlfriend.
Sami confirmed that Layla was Farid's girlfriend.
Sami was literally about to faint.
Sami had a conversation with Layla a few months back about that.
Sami asked Layla to stop e-mailing him.
Sami is still e-mailing Layla.
Sami was still e-mailing Layla.
Sami and Layla have been talking for over six months.
Sami started walking over.
Sami didn't know what the fuck was going on.
Sami looked like he was about to shit himself.
Sami and Layla have been messing around for six months.
Sami and Layla know the truth.
Sami and Layla are not talking about that.
Sami and Layla aren't talking about that.
Sami isn't trying to fight with Farid.
Sami and Layla have been fucking around for more than six months.
Sami doesn't know the truth.
Sami has to stop what he is doing.
Sami is risking a lot.
Sami shouldn't be messing with Layla.
Sami actually felt bad for Layla.
Sami had known Layla for years.
Sami wasn't just anybody for Layla.
Sami and Layla have been together for months.
Sami and Layla had a forbidden relationship.
Sami was going to take care of it.
Sami is going to take care of it.
Layla was talking to her man.
Sami didn't mean to disrespect Layla's relationship with Farid.
Sami didn't want Layla to wait forever.
Sami was really excited to tell the story.
Sami doesn't know how else to put it.
Sami could not do this without Layla.
Sami knows that that sounds weird.
Sami never talked about this.
Sami doesn't believe in this.
Sami went to six different high schools.
Sami worked at six different high schools.
Sami felt like he didn't belong there.
Sami was going to his new high school.
Sami went out to eat.
Sami liked to make his own money.
Sami liked making his own money.
Sami had a garage sale.
Sami didn't ask his mom for money.
Sami's mom worked so hard.
Sami has been told no.
Sami taught his daughter the value of a dollar.
Sami paid Layla to clean his room.
Sami had to find a job.
Sami wanted a car.
Sami tired of riding on buses.
Sami is on the school bus.
Sami was already enrolled.
Sami started thinking about getting a job.
Sami's school was in the middle of nowhere.
Sami walked to the grocery store.
Sami's school was within walking distance.
Sami went to a video game place.
Sami tried to apply for a job.
Sami's school was a block away from his house.
Sami asked to speak to the manager.
Sami doesn't take no for an answer very well.
Sami went back there the next day.
Sami needed to save money.
Sami didn't give Layla a job.
Sami won't go back there.
Sami told me they didn't have any position available.
Sami needs his job.
Sami wanted to work there so bad.
Sami conducted an interview with Layla.
Sami delivered pizza.
Sami will meet you right over there.
Sami was so fucking excited.
Sami was sitting at that booth by himself.
Sami is available to start right now.
Sami gave Layla his reference from his old boss.
Sami is still a student.
Sami can be trained.
Sami wanted Layla to give him a chance.
Sami worked behind the counter.
Sami needed some help.
Sami was taking orders.
Sami can't stand it.
Sami was given the night shift and it's the shittiest shift.
Sami wanted a job.
Sami can start tomorrow.
Sami looked like a Teletubbie.
Sami was new and had to wear a blue shirt.
Sami wore a blue shirt.
Sami got the minimum wage.
Sami got a really low wage.
Sami has a good job.
Sami ran inside and told his mom.
Sami is in a new neighborhood.
Sami put on his stupid Teletubbie uniform.
Sami took Layla to the back to meet her new boss.
Sami took Layla into the kitchen.
Sami and his co-workers had a really quick meeting.
Sami was in the middle of his meeting.
Sami was conducting a meeting.
Sami walked into the kitchen by himself.
Sami and his co-workers were in a circle.
Sami opened the door and all eyes were on him.
Sami is here to help you.
Sami was Layla's supervisor.
Sami has just got hired by Layla.
Sami had a new addition to his team.
Sami had no idea what this means.
Sami is a complete fucking asshole.
Sami saw the arrogance in Layla.
Sami is a few years older than Layla.
Sami can't explain this again.
Sami has a badge on his shirt.
Sami was hired yesterday.
Sami can tell you what your new job is.
Sami was so unprofessional.
Sami will find a place for you.
Sami started walking away from Layla.
Sami didn't introduce Layla to anybody.
Sami just stood there.
Sami wondered why Layla treated him like that.
Sami shouldn't treat Layla like shit.
Sami knows it's a joke.
Sami and Layla walked out of the kitchen.
Sami finished vacuuming.
Sami doesn't know where Layla came from.
Sami put the vacuum cleaner in the supply closet.
Sami was rolling the vacuum cleaner in front of him.
Sami took the vacuum cleaner to the basement.
Sami keeps the vacuum cleaner in the basement.
Sami kept the vacuum cleaner in the supply closet.
Sami was looking for the basement.
Sami doesn't have a basement.
Sami doesn't even exist.
Sami knows Layla is a real bitch.
Sami took the vacuum cleaner.
Sami is behind the counter.
Sami knew it was a joke.
Sami put the vacuum cleaner in there.
Sami has a basement.
Sami does this to everybody.
Sami started getting to know his co-workers more.
Sami started getting to know his co-workers better.
Sami had an issue with the cash register.
Sami was running that shit on his own.
Sami has really got Layla's ass.
Sami didn't realize that Layla was fucking with him.
Sami is on the morning shift.
Sami started making money.
Sami couldn't stop thinking about getting a girlfriend.
Layla worked with a whole bunch of cute guys.
Sami worked at the cash register.
Sami kept coming by the cash register to talk to Layla.
Sami came to chitchat with Layla.
Sami had a mini-crush on Layla.
Sami had a huge industrial-size freezer in his kitchen.
Sami pulled the door of the freezer open.
Sami kept everything in the freezer.
Sami's food was in the freezer.
Sami kept his food in the freezer.
Sami sold ice cream cakes, too.
Sami didn't go to my school.
Sami and Layla were dating at work.
Sami showed up to work.
Sami was a food vendor.
Sami had a tattoo on his chest.
Sami got Layla's name across his chest.
Sami's tattoo wasn't permanent.
Sami trained me.
Sami ate an ice cream cake.
Sami opened the freezer.
Sami unlocked the freezer.
Sami and Layla were fucking in the freezer.
Sami and Layla hid in the freezer.
Sami and Layla were going at it in the freezer.
Sami ran out and shut the door.
Sami and Layla were going at it in the restaurant freezer.
Sami and Layla used the freezer to make out.
Sami and Layla used the restaurant freezer to make out.
Sami saw Layla's ass.
Sami thought Layla knew.
Sami came and unlocked the freezer.
Sami heard a knock on the freezer door.
Sami was so fucking gross.
Sami walked in on Layla and Farid.
Sami had no fucking clue.
Sami and Layla were having sex behind a dumpster.
Sami and his co-workers were having a meeting in the back of the room.
Sami and Layla were having sex in the freezer of the restaurant.
Sami and Layla were going at it.
Sami and Layla were trying to avoid each other.
Sami and Layla were avoiding each other.
Sami had an ice cream cake.
Sami order an ice cream cake.
Sami went into the freezer.
Sami kept the freezer door open.
Sami picked up the cakes.
Sami heard the freezer door shut behind him.
Sami got locked in the freezer.
Sami said the door accidentally closed.
Sami came up to Layla and put his arms around her.
Sami started touching on Layla's waist.
Sami started touching Layla.
Sami put his hand round Layla's neck.
Sami fucked Layla in a freezer.
Layla fucked Sami in the freezer.
Sami was fucking Layla in the freezer.
Sami closed the freezer door on Layla.
Sami's face is red.
Sami is so fucking pissed.
Sami and Layla went on dates.
Sami shut the freezer door.
Sami is really frustrated.
Sami tried to close the freezer door on Layla.
Sami was trying to remain professional and do his job.
Sami didn't think Layla would do something like that.
Sami was yelling so loud that customers heard him.
Sami sold cakes to Layla.
Sami took the cakes back to the freezer.
Sami was cornered.
Sami and Layla had sex in that freezer so many times.
Sami and Farid ended up becoming really good friends.
Sami never talked to me again.
Sami was so nasty.
Sami had a surprise for Layla.
Sami loves the series.
Sami loved the series.
Sami is here to entertain you.
Sami is realtively new to this.
Sami shouldn't watch this video.
Sami is so terrible.
Sami told Layla not to watch that video.
Sami has had a lot of ups and downs.
Sami's problems have affected Layla a lot.
Sami was harassing strangers.
Layla is Sami's ex-stepsister.
Sami met his ex-stepsister.
Sami was harassing complete strangers.
Sami told Farid that his wife was a whore.
Sami told Farid that his wife was a slut.
Sami was being harassed.
Sami was doing that in good faith.
Sami is going to be pissed.
Sami put Layla in the middle of this.
Sami relived that moment.
Sami got very emotional.
Layla is a grown-ass woman now.
Sami thought about this for a really long time.
Sami lived with Layla for many years.
Sami shared a room with Farid for many years.
Sami was a troubled teenager.
Sami is very troubled.
Sami was sixteen years old when he met Layla.
Sami spent every single day with the same person.
Sami was munching on some peanuts.
Sami was almost sixteen years old.
Sami and Layla just started to date.
Sami was going to be moving schools.
Sami moved into his new apartment.
Sami was in this neighborhood.
Sami was moving in with Layla and her daughter.
Sami was going to his first high school.
Sami packed up his shit.
Sami is going to move all the way across town.
Sami was a full-size bed.
Sami cleaned his closet.
Sami and Farid had to sleep in the same bed for a few weeks.
Sami was sleeping next to Layla.
Sami was sleeping with that bitch.
Sami started caring about Layla a lot.
Sami is very guarded now.
Sami cares a lot.
Sami and Layla were working on meshing their families.
Sami doesn't have sisters.
Sami just has an older brother.
Sami wanted a person that he could talk to.
Sami and Layla became really close.
Layla started acting like a bitch towards me.
Sami's neighborhood is not that great.
Sami heard about the school that Layla was about to go to.
Sami's neighborhood isn't that great.
Sami transferred over that school.
Sami and Layla started going to church.
Sami was involved in the church.
Sami's parents were super religious.
Sami's church was just a block away.
Sami went to church every Sunday.
Sami has always had an obsession with acting.
Sami used to tell Layla that she needed to be an actress.
Sami went to the bathroom, shut the door and locked it.
Sami worked on his facial expressions.
Sami isn't kidding.
Sami took part in an audition for a play.
Sami wanted to be a part of a play.
Sami has to audition.
Sami didn't really know what character he wanted to be in the play.
Sami liked choreographed dance.
Sami wanted to audition.
Sami wanted to be a part of this.
Sami wanted to be in the church play.
Sami wants to be in the play.
Sami auditioned for the church play.
Sami learned a small choreographed dance.
Sami was struggling.
Sami was a part of Layla's congregation.
Sami had long hair and blue eyes.
Sami looked like Jesus.
Sami looked so much like Jesus.
Sami played Jesus in the church play.
Layla washed Sami's feet.
Layla was Sami's mother.
Sami sat there, crying.
Layla is a prostitute.
Sami ended up getting the role of Jesus in the church play.
Sami was feeling it.
Sami and Layla were practising choreography.
Sami changed outfits.
Sami likes farm animals.
Sami went for practise.
Sami went for rehearsal.
Sami's character was in a lot of the scenes.
Sami was a little bit resentful.
Sami's play has to be perfect.
Sami was dressed in his costume.
Sami was in the auditorium.
Sami was younger than me.
Sami was the sweetest kid.
Sami was a little cutie.
Sami was raised in the church.
Sami caught Layla with a boy in her room.
Sami and Layla were having sex in the closet.
Sami and Layla have gotten so close.
Sami couldn't change Layla's mind.
Sami walked into his room.
Sami is not exaggerating.
Sami had his own opinion.
Sami was not OK with Layla being like that.
Sami was doing something stupid.
Sami wasn't OK with Layla being like that.
Sami would catch Layla cheating on him.
Sami was well aware about that.
Sami is a little cutie.
Sami has blue eyes.
Sami was a good boy.
Sami's church was huge.
Sami was walking to the back of the church.
Sami and Layla were walking down the hallway, saying hi to everybody.
Sami started walking back.
Sami saw Layla walking towards him.
Sami knows Layla's tendencies.
Sami knew Layla's past.
Layla was drooling over Sami.
Sami can't do that to Layla.
Sami went to a Christian school.
Sami saw that look on Layla's face.
Sami knew Layla better.
Sami and Layla were so nice.
Mennad is in the house of God right now.
Sami is a really nice kid.
Sami needs to stop this.
Sami started walking with us.
Sami hasn't said anything yet.
Sami and Layla started walking.
Sami and Layla started walking away.
Sami hasn't had the pleasure of meeting Layla.
Sami was such a gentleman.
Sami shook Layla's hand.
Sami and Layla go to the same church.
Sami and Layla were so excited.
Sami just met Layla.
Sami and Layla have been practising a lot.
Sami was looking at Layla like she did something wrong.
Sami and Layla were having an innocent conversation.
Sami didn't even know this kid.
Sami and Layla started a conversation.
Sami was chasing after Layla.
Sami had another rehearsal.
Sami went to the cafeteria area.
Sami was sitting at that table.
Sami was sitting with some of his friends.
Sami was went to the final rehearsal.
Sami didn't want to miss the final rehearsal.
Sami gave his students a final motivational speech.
Sami was eating with some of his friends.
Sami was very young.
Sami was really innocent.
Sami went over to his friend's house.
Sami decided to leave.
Sami's parents are about to get home.
Sami was sitting on Layla's couch.
Sami invited Layla.
Sami didn't want to have an argument with Layla.
Sami is in the shower.
Sami smirked.
Sami and Layla did something nasty.
Sami was so fucking mad.
Sami was in here.
Sami had an interest in another girl.
Sami was upon the stage with Layla.
Sami was an animal trainer.
Sami was only two years younger than Layla.
Sami wanted to talk to Layla about something.
Layla is Sami's stepsister.
Sami talked to Layla earlier.
Sami's stomach dropped.
Sami had a crush on me.
Layla wasn't allowed to date.
Sami got so nervous.
Sami came to talk to Layla.
Sami likes her.
Sami didn't really know her.
Sami lives with his stepsister.
Sami lives with somebody else.
Sami wants to live with somebody else.
Layla was already talking to other boys.
Layla was talking to other boys.
Sami is going to hurt you.
Sami stood right next to me.
Sami had a crush on Layla and wanted to get to know her better.
Sami was always around Layla.
Sami was always complimenting Layla on her performances.
Sami is younger than Layla.
Sami is really cute.
Sami and Layla got to know each other a little better.
Sami was back on stage.
Sami and Layla were back on stage.
Sami didn't want to get off work with that on his mind.
Sami had a lot of homework to do.
Sami doesn't know where he is.
Sami has just gotten his hair cut.
Sami looked so cute.
Sami was about to lose his shit.
Sami is looking fine as hell.
Sami came to us.
Sami is already talking to everybody about this.
Sami was trying to get Layla's attention.
Sami changed into his costume.
Sami was looking right at us.
Sami didn't give two fucks about Layla.
Sami wasn't paying any attention to Layla.
Sami made a plan.
Sami made a plan that he knew was going to piss Layla off.
Sami didn't care that he was in the house of God.
Sami has just caught Layla on the phone with another guy.
Sami is such a nice guy.
Sami tried to save Layla.
Sami has seen Layla do it before.
Sami just didn't give a fuck.
Sami didn't tell Layla that he liked her.
Layla has a guy that she's talking to at school.
Sami wasn't getting any of Layla's attention.
Sami and Layla are fine.
Sami is gonna tell Mom and Dad.
Sami is going to tell Mom and Dad.
Sami and Layla are going to bed.
Sami is the director of the play.
Sami had a really good time.
Sami is sitting right next to me.
Sami took Layla aside and told her that he was in love with her.
Sami took Layla aside and told her that he had a crush for her.
Sami doesn't want Layla to be upset with him.
Sami didn't want Layla to get hurt.
Sami cares about Farid as a friend.
Whoever despises thistles has only to tread on them barefoot.
Sami got a bad vibe about Layla.
Sami is just trying to protect Layla.
It's written in Ukrainian.
Sami is really supporting Layla.
Sami is not paying his bills.
Sami is finally moving.
Sami isn't paying his bills.
Sami was in the middle of moving.
Sami called his Internet provider.
Sami got off of the phone.
Sami's Internet was cut off.
Sami and Layla were just talking about the past.
Sami was a sophomore at that high school.
Sami had a life-changing surgery.
Sami had an emergency surgery.
Sami missed a lot of school.
Sami missed six months of school.
Sami was two months off.
Sami was diagnosed with cancer.
Sami had cancer.
Sami's cancer came back.
Sami's cancer may come back.
Sami would not do his homework until the last minute.
Sami was a football player.
Sami and Layla were talking about their weekend plans.
Sami and Layla are already talking about their weekend plans.
Sami doesn't have a curfew.
Sami was getting annoyed.
Sami was sitting there, so confused.
Sami sent Layla this photo a few days ago.
Sami was in a gym.
Sami was sitting on a bench and Layla was on his lap, making out with him.
Sami was wearing my shoes.
Sami didn't know that about Layla.
Sami didn't want to start any fight.
Sami wasn't in any of my classes.
Sami lived in Layla's apartment complex.
Sami and Layla lived in the same apartment complex.
Sami lived in that apartment complex.
Sami took the picture in the gym.
Sami's office is really well lit.
Sami took the picture at night.
Sami is friends with Farid.
Sami is chilling with Layla's sister.
Sami and Layla were chilling at the gym.
Sami was chilling with this girl.
Sami felt really embarrassed.
Sami needed to go to the restroom.
Sami sat in the restroom.
Sami felt so overwhelmed.
Sami was racking his brain.
Sami was wracking his brain.
Sami was making out with Layla at the gym.
Sami was looking for me.
Layla tapped on the door of the toilet stall, and Salima opened it.
Sami was tarnishing Layla's reputation.
Sami was ruining Layla's reputation at high school.
Sami and Layla come from the same house.
Sami was hotheaded like Layla.
Sami was so fucking frustrated.
Sami and Layla need to go about this the right way.
Sami caught Layla in the act.
Sami heard children in the background.
Sami needs to catch Layla in the act.
Sami was allowed to come spend the night with Layla.
Do you speak Amharic?
The human mind is good at recognizing patterns.
Tom was stuck in a mental loop.
Sometimes the stock market goes up and sometimes it goes down.
Why do stocks go up and down?
What causes stock prices to change?
Sami knows something.
Sami has a plan.
Sami sat there all night.
Sami rode with me on the bus.
Sami talked to his mom about it.
Sami and Layla headed over to her house.
Sami has Layla with him.
Sami and Layla started becoming friends.
Layla was gorgeous and Salima was jealous of her.
Sami and Layla weren't paying attention to what Farid was doing.
Sami was spraying perfume.
Layla fluffled her hair up.
Sami was about to go somewhere.
Sami and Layla are watching a movie.
Sami opened his room door.
Sami was in his bed.
Sami was pretending to be asleep.
Sami was being very quiet.
Sami crawled into his bed.
Woolly mammoths once roamed the Earth.
Dinosaurs once roamed the Earth.
Sami tapped Layla to make sure that she was still up.
Sami tapped Layla to make sure that she was still awake.
Sami tapped Layla and she tapped him back.
Sami stayed still for a few seconds.
Sami could see Layla creeping around the room.
Sami was tiptoeing.
This bird is very colorful.
Sami sat up.
Sami heard the squeak of the front door opening.
Sami didn't want Layla to get too far. So he hurried up.
Sami wanted to follow Layla.
Sami went to open the door.
Sami's heart was beating so fast that he thought he ws going to have a heart attack.
Sami started heading down that way.
Sami was in the middle of the apartment complex.
Sami's car was in the middle of the apartment complex.
Flightless birds are birds that can't fly.
Sami doesn't know which direction Layla went.
The ostrich is a flightless bird.
Sami went to a fitness center.
Sami peeked into the window.
Sami and Layla started freaking out.
Sami goes to a fitness center.
Sami has been there so many times.
Sami took Layla's hoodie.
Sami walked up to her.
Sami didn't have a key card to the gym.
Sami started banging on the glass.
Sami heard Layla's voice and jumped off of Salima.
Sami knows Layla is in middle school.
Tom suffers from dyslexia.
Sami was too scared.
Tom was diagnosed with dyslexia.
Sami came over here and opened the door.
Sami and Layla were at the gym.
Tom helps children with learning disabilities.
Sami knew you were here.
Sami was making out with Layla in the gym.
Sami sent the pictures to Layla.
Layla started bawling.
Sami thought Layla really liked him.
Sami is too young to be doing all this shit.
Sami played on Layla's emotions.
Sami wanted to see Layla's boobs.
Sami took a picture of Layla's boobs and sent it to his friends.
Sami realized that Layla didn't like him.
Sami was trying to save Layla from that.
Sami wanted Layla to hear him.
Sami wanted the best for Layla.
Sami wasn't trying to ruin Layla's life.
Sami has a soft spot for Layla.
Sami was so fucking annoyed.
Sami was on my right and Layla was on my left.
Sami promised his mom not to sneak out anymore.
Sami promised his mom he would not sneak out again.
Sami was caught sneaking out.
Sami snuck out again.
Tatoeba is a website.
Sami was caught by his stepfather sneaking out.
I hate making decisions.
I'm bad at making decisions.
Sami is notified every time Layla uploads a new video.
Sami got notified every time Layla uploaded a new video.
I don't want to wait. I want it now!
Layla looks so fantastic today.
Sami was getting ready for the interview.
Sami left Layla a comment on Facebook.
Sami isn't paying attention to it.
Layla's sister looks amazing.
Sami is not ready for work.
Sami was in a movie theater.
Sami doesn't have issues with Layla.
Sami was best friends with Farid.
Sami has heard of this story.
Sami fucked Layla in the bathroom.
Sami helped Layla get a job.
Sami couldn't pass the test.
Sami's house was Layla's house.
Sami was terrified of his parents.
Sami had a basement in his house.
Sami and Layla were chilling in the basement.
Sami isn't eighteen yet.
Many people like Taylor Swift.
Taylor Swift is popular.
Sami decided to watch this movie.
Sami had a job with the movie theater that Layla was going to.
Sami hates to go to that movie theater.
Sami was working with that movie theater.
Sami and Layla went to the same movie theater.
Sami wanted to go to the movies with Layla.
Sami got the green light from his mom.
Taylor Swift is a popular singer.
Sami will pick Layla up from the movies tonight.
Sami's mom was going to pick him up from the mall.
Sami can drive Layla home.
Sami already had a car.
Sami finally texted Layla back.
Sami wanted to go, too.
Sami was about to graduate.
Sami wanted to have his own friends.
Sami invited his friends.
Sami is picking me up.
Sami was invading on his sister's shit.
Layla is doing her makeup in the bathroom.
Sami just completely left my mind.
Sami works with the movie theater.
Sami went to the mall.
Sami ended up working at that mall.
Sami quit the movie theater.
Sami was getting on my nerves.
Sami is going to the movies.
Sami went to see his movie.
Sami started feeling nervous.
Sami knew that there was a good chance that Layla was there.
Sami is not friends with any of his exes.
Sami was never Layla's boyfriend.
Sami and Layla got their tickets.
Sami could see me.
Sami doesn't know what the next step is.
Sami didn't say hi to Layla.
Sami is not trying to cheat on Layla.
Sami isn't trying to cheat on Layla.
Layla wanted more drama.
Layla liked drama.
Sami was trying to forget.
Sami didn't hear Layla's voice.
Sami overheard the conversation.
Sami had this conversation with Layla.
Sami was pretty early.
Sami walked into the movie theater.
Sami kept walking behind us.
Sami wanted to sit right next to Layla.
Sami and Layla were just having small talk.
Sami could feel the tension between Layla and Farid.
Sami has never seen a projection room.
Sami went out of the theater.
Sami never knew that hallway existed.
Sami get off the elevator.
Sami saw many blue doors with numbers on them.
Sami was in a really big room.
Sami works in a big room with a huge projector.
Sami just disappeared.
Sami felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned around and it was Layla.
Sami told Layla he needed to talk to her.
Sami didn't want to ruin Layla's time.
Sami already knew that.
Sami didn't worry about that.
Layla is with a boy.
Sami was trying to have a good time.
Sami seemed really nervous.
Sami is a bit young for that.
Sami is doing more than that.
Sami kind of didn't care about that.
Sami started walking down the hall.
Sami grabbed Layla's wrist and started dragging her down the hallway.
Sami kept the brooms in the supply closet.
Sami needs to tell us what he is doing.
Sami is watching a scary movie.
Sami let the door swing open.
Sami looked into that room.
Sami looked into this room.
Sami is on his knees.
Layla was on her knees, giving a BJ to Sami.
Layla was on her knees, giving a blow job to Sami.
Sami likes to sneak into this room.
Sami couldn't hear the door opening.
Sami was sitting there, looking at Layla.
Layla was giving a blow job to Sami.
Sami didn't want Layla to be like that.
Sami had every right to be upset.
Sami closed that door.
Sami put his daughter on counseling.
Sami did everything under the sun to try to help Layla.
Sami is not responsible for Layla.
Sami appreciated what Layla did.
Sami walked Layla back to the theater.
Sami didn't mean to upset Layla.
Sami found Layla giving a blow job to a guy in the supply closet.
Sami wasn't that frustrated.
Sami is so tired.
This smartphone has a camera.
This smartphone has two cameras.
Sami just got tired of it.
Layla was with a dude.
Sami was immediately disgusted.
Sami the picture and he was immediately disgusted.
Sami was confidential about this.
Sami is embarrassed now.
Sami caught Layla giving a blow job to a boy in her room.
Narcissus fell in love with his own reflection in a pool of water.
Sami is doing what he loves to do.
Sami has been complaining so much about his computer.
Sami can do his job faster.
Tom constantly posts pictures of his life on social media.
Sami wanted a new computer.
Sami wanted a new laptop.
Sami is a pretty stressed up person.
Sami needs something to kind of distract him.
Sami dowloaded the game.
Sami is moving to his new house.
Sami's new house is fully furnished.
Sami was playing that new game.
Sami was trying to help his parents.
Sami was renovating the entire house.
Sami is so obsessed with that game.
Sami renovated his house.
Sami is renovating the hallway.
Sami has been playing this game all day.
Sami wanted to try that game.
Sami downloaded the game for free.
Layla looks so gorgeous.
Sami sent a picture to Layla.
Sami had a fight at a church camp.
Sami didn't wash his hair.
Sami was a complete nerd when he was younger.
Sami was socially awkward.
Sami didn't know how to converse with people.
Sami didn't know how to socialize.
Sami read a lot.
Sami got made fun so much at school.
Sami grew up Christian.
Sami was singing in the church.
Sami didn't have a cellphone.
Tom didn't seduce Mary. She seduced him.
He didn't seduce her. She seduced him.
The stock market went up.
The stock market went down.
This hairstyle was popular in the 1980s.
This hairstyle was popular in the 1990s.
This hairstyle was popular in the eighties.
This hairstyle was popular in the nineties.
Sami just stayed in his comfort zone.
Sami and Layla were going to church.
Sami lives six hours away.
Sami remembered hearing that in church.
Sami decided to talk to Layla that night.
Sami is not going to church.
Sami has never been to church camp.
Sami has never done that.
Sami didn't make any friends.
Sami is going to church camp.
Sami needs to stop isolating himself.
Sami needed to learn how to socialize.
Sami needed to meet kids his age.
Sami went to church camp.
Sami doesn't know anybody here.
Sami dropped Layla off at the church.
Sami dropped off his kids at the church.
Sami pulled up to the church.
Sami is going.
Sami was getting out of the car as well.
Sami's daughter needed help.
Sami helped Layla make some friends.
Sami just wanted to take off running and go home.
Sami was sitting in the midst of a sea of kids.
Sami was trying to help people.
Sami is just standing there.
Sami didn't even know how to ask for directions.
Sami needs to help Layla.
Sami was so shy.
Sami was in his mid to late sixties.
Sami rode with Layla.
Sami read one of Layla's books.
Sami made the biggest mistake in his life.
Sami spent the night with that girl.
Layla didn't grow up with girls.
Layla was always around boys.
Layla was constantly around boys.
Sami didn't know how to talk to girls.
Sami's bedroom could fit his entire school.
Sami was unpacking.
Sami was trying to occupy himself.
Sami and Layla already knew each other.
Sami and his co-workers made Layla feel really left-out.
Sami was the camp counselor.
Sami went to the cafeteria for lunch.
Sami didn't have friends to sit with.
Sami was walking behind them.
Sami sat down there.
Sami and Layla were having a private conversation.
Sami and Layla weren't talking to me.
Sami didn't know what was wrong with him.
Sami had a schedule.
Sami had to go to that church twice a day.
Sami went back to the cafeteria hall.
Sami had breakfast.
Sami was on the blue team.
Sami and Layla were competing for points.
Sami went swimming in the lake.
Sami gave Layla tasks to do.
Sami swam in the lake for a little bit.
Sami didn't make a single friend.
Sami felt less and less comfortable and wanted to go home.
Sami was going to breakfast.
Sami was going to the cafeteria to have breakfast.
Layla met a boy that day.
Sami will tell you about this later.
Sami ended up sitting next to Layla.
Sami showed Layla attention.
Sami's presence improved Layla's mood.
Sami wanted to make some friends at school.
Sami's bunk bed was next to mine.
Sami brought his lunch tray.
Sami and Layla left the cafeteria together.
Sami was sitting in the row in front of me.
Sami sat directly in front of Layla.
Sami is bawling his eyes out.
Sami couldn't believe that Layla was doing this.
Sami went into Layla's aisle and sat right next to her.
Sami was a complete stranger to Layla.
Sami prayed for peace.
Sami was praying out loud.
Sami put his hand over Layla's wrist.
Sami bowed his head and prayed with Layla.
Sami bowed his head and started praying.
Sami put his hand on Layla's shoulder and started praying, too.
Sami was just so fucking rude.
Sami was just so rude.
Sami was sitting directly behind us.
Sami was giving me the dirtiest look.
Sami is looking back at me.
Sami is proud of himself.
Sami had some arts and crafts things to do.
Sami doesn't remember exactly what he was doing.
Sami prayed for Layla's daughter.
Sami didn't even notice Layla.
Sami didn't even see Layla.
Sami told Layla that he needed prayer.
Layla loved volleyball.
Sami was on the other side of the net.
Sami never played volleyball.
Sami hit the ball.
Sami hit Layla in her face.
Sami's hair was still wet.
Sami's skin is still wet.
Sami hit the ball with all his might.
Sami didn't hit Layla in her face.
Sami hit Layla in her thigh.
Sami went to the nurse.
Sami ended up disappearing.
Sami wasn't playing anymore.
Sami loved that thing.
Sami went to the lake.
Sami and Layla came out of nowhere.
Sami did that just to embarrass Layla.
Sami grabbed a handful of sand and threw it at Layla's face.
Sami threw sand at Layla.
Sami has never been in a fight in his life.
Sami has probably never been in a fight in his life.
Sami had his fair share of fights at high school.
Sami can't change somebody who doesn't want to change.
Sami was sixty years old.
Sami and Farid were fist-fighting.
Sami still doesn't understand it.
Sami had a brand new friend.
Sami and Layla were really good friends.
Sami had a really good heart.
Layla was very soft-spoken.
Sami and Layla got to the mall together.
Sami had a huge crush on Layla.
Sami and Layla ended up going to prom together.
Sami and Layla were both tall.
Sami did the job.
Sami pulled the bull out of his bag.
Sami was looking at the phone.
Sami is going to the football game.
Sami went to the game.
Sami is going to the game this weekend.
Sami didn't really know Layla's older sister.
Sami was going.
Sami and Farid were football players.
Sami and Layla went to the football game together.
Sami was keeping his grades up.
Sami needed to show his mom that he was keeping his grades up.
Sami will be outside.
Sami picked Layla up right after the game.
Mennad spent most of the day at Baya's house.
Sami and Layla were getting ready.
Sami's dad agreed to drop us off at the game.
Sami's dad agreed to drop us off at the stadium.
Sami was spending time there.
Sami was spending a lot of time there.
Sami and his co-workers piled in the car and left.
Sami heard people screaming.
Sami got into the stadium and found a seat.
Sami was with a big group of people.
Sami went to the stadium with a big group of people.
Sami is trying to find Layla.
Sami didn't really know Layla that well.
Sami's game started.
Sami ruined Layla's time.
Sami was leaving by six.
Sami and Layla went to chill outside for a little bit.
Sami andn Layla were having such a good time.
Sami went to get food.
Sami was going down the stairs.
Sami was at the end of the row.
Sami heard his name.
Sami was going upward.
Sami didn't hear his name.
Sami saw his friends.
Sami got really excited.
Sami wanted to go hug Layla.
Sami gave Layla a huge hug.
Sami checked out Layla's Instagram.
Sami was there for Layla's birthday.
Sami ran up to them.
Sami grabbed Layla and pulled her towards him.
Sami needs to understand.
Sami saw Layla coming towards him.
Sami wanted to give Layla a huge hug.
Sami has been looking for Layla.
Sami realized that something was wrong.
Sami heard somebody scream in pain.
Sami felt something hit his shoulder.
Sami was with his sister.
Sami is one of Farid's friends.
Sami had no classes with Layla.
Sami didn't have any classes with Layla.
Sami was right behind them.
Sami didn't see the person that behind Layla.
Sami accidentally punched Layla in her face.
Sami got pissed at Layla.
Sami was trying not to get defensive.
Sami punched Layla by accident.
Sami didn't do that on purpose.
Sami needed to apologize.
Sami started apologizing.
Sami didn't see who was behind Layla.
Sami didn't do this on purpose.
Sami hit Layla in the face.
Sami was still apologizing.
Sami saw that girl's face.
Sami has seen Layla around his school but he doesn't know her name.
Sami went to get Layla some ice.
Sami is not a genuinely violent person.
Sami was just tired.
Sami got punched in the face.
Sami is still with her.
Sami got accidentally punched in the face.
Sami doesn't know Layla on a personal level.
Sami was emphatically apologizing.
Sami was holding his face.
Sami immediately retracted his hands.
Sami was pissed at first.
Sami looked back at Layla.
Sami was sitting there, holding his face.
Sami had an issue with Layal's sister.
Layla started a whole scene over this thing.
Sami didn't need that negative attention.
Sami was trying to understand the situation.
Sami should apologize.
Sami is just mad.
Sami started cussing at Layla.
Sami was calling Layla all kinds of fucking names.
Sami wasn't cussing back at Layla.
Sami started moving like he wanted to fight Farid.
Sami wanted to hit Layla.
Sami had no patience.
Sami is trying to keep himself calm.
Sami genuinely had issues.
Sami wasn't listening to me.
Sami's apologies were going nowhere.
Sami realized that his apologies to Layla were going nowhere.
Sami was standing in the parking lot.
Sami is a fighter.
Sami had to raise his voice.
Sami was already heading downstairs.
Do you speak Gujarati?
Sami was getting cussed at by the crowd.
Sami wanted to fight.
Sami said it was an accident.
Sami isn't into fighting.
Sami did that on purpose.
Sami was coming at me.
Sami grabbed Layla's hair.
Sami was pulling Layla's hair.
Sami had sand all over his hair.
Sami started punching Layla.
Sami let go of Layla's hair.
Sami called his mom to come pick him up from the game.
Sami had scratches all over him.
Sami is fighting Farid.
Sami replayed it in his head.
Sami replayed his argument with Layla in his head.
Sami doesn't like fighting.
Sami was just pissed.
Sami got so tired of fighting.
Sami pretended like he couldn't hear me.
Layla dated a bad boy.
Sami wanted to summarize the article.
Sami mentioned this briefly.
Sami didn't like me because of Layla.
I know her and I know well what she wants.
Layla was wearing a cute shirt.
It's true that Stephen Hawking was physically disabled. But his brain was okay.
Layla was wearing a cute t-shirt.
Sami transferred over to his new high school.
Sami had already been to three different high school.
Sami still wanted to get involved in things after school.
The cook went into the kitchen so as to put the chicken in the cooker.
She should show us the shoes she chose.
She bought the boots she lost in the boat last year.
Sami was still in middle school when Layla was in high school.
Sami had a doctor's appointment.
Sami and Layla went straight home.
Sami thought that was something he could do.
Sami will be able to dance.
Sami was already a part of the step team.
Sami came to talk to us.
Sami was on the step team.
Sami is not a tall person.
Sami isn't a tall person.
Sami looked so dumb.
Sami fixed it very fast.
Sami stopped where he shouldn't have.
Sami was doing step.
Sami did great.
Sami and Layla didn't talk to us at all.
Sami went to his audition.
Sami was practising all night in his room.
Sami was practising step all night in his room.
Sami and Layla decided to go.
Sami and Layla decided to go together.
Sami was so proud of himself.
Sami was going really fast.
Sami didn't pay attention to Layla's audition.
Sami is really impressed.
Sami was so impressed.
Sami wanted to have Layla on his team.
Sami left right away.
Sami was a really good captain.
Sami practised twice a week.
Sami has been doing this for six years.
Sami got accepted onto the step team.
Sami and Layla are on the same step team.
Sami participated in this competition.
Sami needed to practise six times a week.
Sami practised every day after school.
Sami was there every day of the week.
Sami is a school coach.
Sami practised step.
Sami started practising at his house.
Sami didn't lived very far from me.
Sami can practise at Layla's house.
Sami got picked up by his mom.
Sami and Layla had a nice house.
Sami worked double time.
Sami is going to practise.
Sami and Layla were working so hard.
Sami and Layla dressed the same.
Sami and his teammates gave each other nicknames.
Sami put his nickname on the back of his shirt.
Sami was practising.
Sami got picked up by his mother.
Sami was looking at all of us.
Sami kind of recognized Layla.
Sami couldn't stop staring at Layla.
Sami wondered where he knew Layla from.
Sami couldn't figure out where he knew Layla from.
Sami stared back at Layla.
Sami and Layla were staring at each other.
Sami caught Layla and Farid staring at each other.
Sami is my neighbor.
Sami wanted to know who was Layla's neighbor.
Sami has been Layla's neighbor for years.
Sami lived in a small house.
Sami was a complete idiot.
Sami and Layla are flirting.
Sami found Layla in the hallway.
Sami and Layla were smiling at each other.
Sami was there from the beginning to the end of Layla's step practise.
Sami wore combat boots.
Sami stood by the bleachers.
Sami was in the front row.
Sami was in the front row of the bleacher.
Sami came up to me.
Sami saw Layla at the competition.
Sami just wanted to be there.
Sami is very confident.
Sami could feel it.
Sami was kind of mysterious.
Sami was a typical bad boy.
Sami had that typical bad boy thing about him.
Sami has always wanted to know this.
Layla's mom doesn't allow her to date.
Layla can't go places with Sami.
Sami was standing in front of the cafeteria.
Sami is at school.
Sami and Layla wanted to chill for a little bit.
Sami was the only one sitting on the ground.
Sami and Layla got all excited.
Sami and Layla talked about the kind of relationship they were going to have.
Sami didn't want to beg Layla to talk to me.
Sami doesn't talk to Layla at all.
Sami didn't say bye.
Sami didn't even text Layla back.
Sami can't put up with this shit.
Sami ruined the rest of my day.
Sami texted Layla again this morning.
Sami met up with some friends.
Sami walked into the lunchroom all by himself.
Sami walked next to Layla.
Sami was rude to Layla.
Sami wasn't even trying to hear Layla's shit.
Sami had chemistry with Layla.
Sami and Layla started introducing each other to their friends.
Sami and Layla had a period off.
Sami and Layla stopped at the vending machine.
Sami never spends his time out there.
Sami felt he was really out if his element.
Sami and Layla sat on the bleachers.
Sami was sitting on the bleachers.
Sami was very mysterious.
Sami didn't like being around people.
Sami and Layla had their first kiss on the bleachers of the gym.
Sami started telling Layla about his brother.
Sami and Layla are sitting on the bleachers.
Sami and Layla spent a week and a half together.
Sami would text Layla every once in a while.
Sami didn't really like that girl.
Sami went to his first period class.
Sami never got a response from Layla.
Sami will see Layla later.
Sami had a stomach flu.
Sami has been in and out of the hospital for six days.
Sami has just heard from Layla.
Sami went to his chemistry class.
Sami sat next to Layla in the chemistry class.
Sami and Layla were chilling there.
Sami isn't worried about Layla anymore.
Sami didn't get in trouble.
Sami has been sick.
Sami and Layla knew Farid was new.
Sami got caught last week.
Sami couldn't believe Layla didn't know this.
Sami and six other boys got suspended.
Sami was selling stuff on school property.
Sami was selling stolen items on school property.
Sami was called down to the office.
Sami used to go around there all the time.
Sami swore on everything that Layla didn't tell him anything.
Sami used to judge people so hard.
Sami didn't get suspended.
Sami doesn't put up with this shit.
Sami wanted to tell Layla.
Sami didn't want to get Layla involved.
Sami thought that Layla was out there.
Sami got suspended because of you.
Sami got suspended because of stupid shit like that.
Sami has been in and out of the hospital.
And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.
Sami knew about what happened with Layla.
Sami has got to tell Layla.
Have nothing to do with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them.
Sami knew what Layla was doing up there.
Sami talked about his crazy mother.
Sami knew that Layla got suspended.
Sami knew that Layla was Farid's girlfriend.
Sami was still embarrassed.
Sami went to our church.
Sami came back to school after his suspension.
Sami was not texting Layla back.
Sami wasn't texting Layla back.
Sami apologized on Layla's behalf.
Sami officially got with Layla.
Sami liked being nosy.
Sami was on my step team.
Sami already knew that Layla got suspended.
Sami already knew that Layla was suspended.
Sami got tired of Layla.
Sami doesn't have to explain everything to Layla.
Layla was dating a bad boy.
Sami swore on everything that he didn't have a clue about what was going on.
Tom became an Instagram celebrity.
Sami got suspended for some stupid shit.
Mary is an Instagram celebrity.
Tom doesn't use any social media.
Tom posted a picture of himself on social media.
Tom posted a picture of himself on Instagram.
Mary posted a picture of herself on Instagram.
Mary posted a flattering picture of herself on Instagram.
Sami loves talking about this.
Sami was just kidding.
Sami is just kidding.
Sami is a very opinionated person.
Sami has his opinions.
Sami has his own opinions.
Tom used a filter to enhance his photo.
Tom used a filter to enhance the image.
Sami is above the age of 16.
Sami bought gallons of water.
Sami stopped drinking soda.
Sami used to drink soda.
Sami was only drinking Sprite.
Sami went to the supermarket to buy soda.
Sami put juice or soda in alcohol.
Sami was putting juice in his alcohol.
Sami drank a shot of alcohol.
Sami knows his limits.
Sami's soda has a lot of sugar in it.
Sami's juice had a lot of sugar in it.
Sami didn't want to be a part of that.
Sami's videos are funny.
This was popular in the nineties.
Sami wasn't expecting something like that.
This was popular in the eighties.
Sami doesn't like coffee at all.
Drinking alcohol is forbidden in Islam.
Don't drink alcohol while driving.
What is there for lunch today?
Tom is very interested in American literature.
Tom asked Mary a question, but she changed the subject.
Tom asked Mary a personal question, but she changed the subject.
He is in perfect shape.
The ocean is polluted by microplastics.
One more word and I break your neck!
My tooth aches.
Tom ignored the warning signs.
Mary ignored the warning signs.
I wasn't gossiping.
I am doing it right now.
How did he escape?
Because he is a farmer.
I ran out of ink.
Today is colder than yesterday.
It is not cold at all.
You never know when you'll need it.
You never know when you'll need one.
You never quite know when you'll need it.
You never know exactly when you'll need it.
Rather have it and not need it than need it and not have it.
You never know when you'll need some extra money.
Tom dipped into his savings to buy a house.
Tom and Mary dipped into their savings to buy a house.
Tom and Mary dipped into their savings to buy their first house.
I'd rather have it and not need it than need it and not have it.
She wanted to know everything about me.
Tom wanted to know everything about me.
Mary wanted to know everything about Tom.
Tom wanted to know everything about you.
Mary wanted to know everything about you.
She wanted to know everything about you.
He wanted to know everything about you.
I believe you've been had.
That was obviously a stupid idea.
Isn't this a tautology?
This is a tautology.
Is that supposed to frighten me?
Is that supposed to scare me?
How naive do you think I am?
I'm not that gullible.
I'm not that naive.
I'm happier than I've ever been.
Why are you being so kind to me?
It's nice to be nice.
Do I have to think of everything?
Mary hugged Tom and gave him a big kiss.
He still loves me, and I think I still love him.
Tom still loves Mary, and I think she still loves him.
Would you like to go to the movies with me?
Mary discussed her wedding plans with Kate.
I can't believe that Tom did that for me.
I can't believe that Tom wouldn't do that for me.
I need new trousers.
I'd like to show you some translated texts for you to correct.
Join together.
Already?!
Resist!
They closed.
Murderer!
Brothers!
You guys will fail.
I was bleeding.
I sang.
Abracadabra!
Will I go crazy?
Will I go mad?
They were eating.
They were studying.
You were studying.
You were eating.
We were studying.
You guys were studying.
We were praying.
You were praying.
They were praying.
It opened.
Team up.
Band together.
Mice are drinking the water.
You could get milk from the cows.
When I was growing up, I saw the largest boy in the village. Since I saw that unit, I have not been able to sleep.
I was able to drive a car.
Be sure to call me tomorrow morning.
I want to make a collect call to Australia.
The road is icy, so please be careful.
I'll call on you on Monday.
Am I a Viking?
The Vikings settled down and got fat.
Tom assaulted a young woman with a very stale baguette.
The tempo of Toms gait increased when his eyes affixed on a box of doughnuts.
After Tom's head injury, he started putting the letter Z at the end of every word.
I come from the land of New Jersey. My people are proud warriors.
Wash your pits.
Tom comes from a long linage of noble warriors.
Tom opened the door and told Mary John wasn't home.
I hope that they're OK.
Tom doesn't like potato salad.
Why would you ever think so?
Technical vocabulary is the hardest to translate.
Drinking alcohol is very harmful to the body.
He is going to destroy the economy.
Nobody supports him.
Nobody talks with him.
He is going to raise the taxes.
It wasn't cold.
He knows how to live.
He does not want to leave.
It just stopped raining.
She knows how to live.
He got transferred to another department.
He was promoted in rank.
He was demoted in rank.
You are not to blame for anything.
"Actually, I am not Tom." "Whatever."
Tell me that you've forgiven me.
Who will take his place?
Who will take her place?
Our time has come!
Do you think it is still repairable?
What do you mean it has been cancelled?
I collect them.
There's one more variant.
I am locked in.
Do you speak Urdu?
This is a bee.
It is easy to forget that the mike is on.
I wanna see you.
I've never needed him.
Try to concentrate!
There's a bird over here.
I don't like this kind of candy.
Be ready for anything.
Tom has learned.
Tom landed on the moon.
Tom grew younger.
Tom dove.
Tom was drinking something.
Tom has slept.
Tom has landed on the moon.
Mary's going to take a nap.
Mary had a bad dream.
Mary had an awful dream.
Mary is having a bad dream.
Mary is having an awful dream.
Mary is going to have a bad dream.
Mary approached.
Mary was approaching.
Mary had fun.
Mary sat down.
Mary was right.
Mary was smoking.
Mary left.
Mary has left.
Mary swam.
Mary won.
Mary has won.
Mary coughed.
The bee produces honey. And the wasp?
Mary's cat Felicia had a litter of kittens.
If there is no water, there won't be life.
Mary's dog Fiona had a litter of puppies.
How did you enjoy the reception?
"I practise sport," she told him. "So do I," he replied to her.
Swear you'll never go back to that beach.
Careful, don't cut yourself.
Whoever you are, a Muslim, a Christian or an atheist, for me you are just a human who deserves respect.
Whom do you speak about?
Look here!
Tom was born into a rich family.
Tom's parents went to college.
Both of Tom's parents went to college.
Tom was born into a poor family.
Tom grew up surrounded by books.
Mary grew up surrounded by books.
Tom grew up in a house full of books.
Mary grew up in a house full of books.
Tom can read text upside down.
Tom can read text that is upside down and backwards.
Tom is good at solving anagrams.
Tom is bad at solving anagrams.
Tom is good at solving problems.
Mary is good at solving problems.
Tom is good at causing problems.
Tom died of an accidental overdose.
Tom died of an overdose.
I don't understand my brain.
Tom didn't understand why he was different from other people.
Tom tried to understand why he was different from other people.
Mary died tragically.
Tom cooked the books.
The accountant cooked the books.
This is a Ponzi scheme.
Tom was accused of practising magic.
Mary was accused of practising magic.
Mary was accused of practising witchcraft.
Please be aware that we are not in charge of other apps that use our data.
Tom was accused of practising witchcraft.
At the moment, I am writing a letter to my wife.
Someone with cancer can heal.
Where are we going to meet tomorrow?
The lion is stronger than the hyena.
The white pigeon is the symbol of peace.
A hungry man can kill.
I drank only two bottles of beer.
Struggle for your rights.
She looks like an angel.
Tom was the mastermind behind the fraud.
I enjoyed every second of it.
Mary was the mastermind behind the fraud.
Tom's squirrel was the mastermind behind the fraud.
Tom was the mastermind behind the theft of the crown jewels.
Tom was the mastermind behind the theft of the large ruby.
Tom knows all of the characters on the show.
This is Tom's favorite show.
This is Tom's favorite TV show.
Tom is an apatheist.
Tom is in a precarious position.
Sami was accused of practising magic.
I've no idea why he did that.
Florence was a prosperous city.
Do you understand now why I told you that?
The little Mary sticked her tongue out at uncle Tom.
The only limit is your own imagination.
Tom's dog Fido bit Mary.
Tom's cat Felix scratched him, drawing blood.
It's hard to choose between dreams and reality. Choose one and you lose the other.
It's everything I could have hoped for.
It's everything I could've hoped for.
It's everything that I could've hoped for.
Please stick your tongue out.
Stick your tongue out and say "aah."
What exactly do you want to know?
Where exactly do you want to go?
Who exactly do you want to talk to?
Where exactly did you do that?
When exactly do you want to do that?
When exactly do you have to do that?
When exactly do you need do that?
Why exactly do you want to do that?
Why exactly do you need do that?
Why exactly do you have to do that?
Tears spilled from her eyes.
Tom's always been there for me whenever I needed him.
Mary's always been there for me whenever I needed her.
I plan to major in engineering in college.
Please call me at six tomorrow morning.
Please tell me how to take the medicine.
Tom takes a bus to his office.
Tom takes a walk every day.
I plan to ask Tom to help me do that.
Tom is not in a very good mood.
She's not in a very good mood.
Tom isn't in a very good mood.
"Who cares?" "I do."
You've been keeping something from me.
I know that you've been keeping something from me.
He was keeping something from me.
She was keeping something from me.
Tom was keeping something from me.
I knew you'd been keeping something from me!
I knew you'd been keeping something from me.
Have you been keeping something from me?
I feel like you're keeping something from me.
I've been keeping something from you.
I've been keeping something from Tom.
I'm looking forward to this evening.
I'm not looking forward to the evening.
I apologize for being so clumsy.
I'm sorry for being so clumsy.
Forgive me for being so stupid.
Please forgive me for being so clumsy.
This is a little bit embarrassing.
Tom was a little bit embarrassed at first.
Mary was a little bit embarrassed at first.
They wrecked us.
No one can forgive them.
There's no work today.
Who among you remembers what happened to us in 2001?
Who invented the toaster oven?
No one knows who invented the toaster oven.
Mary is hearing strange voices.
Tom told me that he heard a strange noise.
We all wished each other luck.
We all wished each other good luck.
All wished each other a Merry Christmas.
Sami sounds tired.
Sami is wearing his hoodie.
Sami wears a blue hoodie.
Sami doesn't want to talk about his past.
Sami spent his childhood in this hood.
Sami grew up in this hood.
Sami spent his youth in the hood.
Sami lives in this hood.
Sami and Layla grew up in the same hood.
Sami doesn't feel comfortable talking about this.
Sami likes Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami is just very tired.
Sami is very tired right now.
Sami moved to Egypt when he was six years old.
Sami wanted to move to a different state for a change.
Sami wanted to move away as far as he could.
Sami moved to Ontario.
Sami was working to buy furniture.
Sami knows people in Cairo.
Sami doesn't like to talk like that.
Sami moved to a cheap place.
Sami moved down there.
Sami moved to that hood.
Sami was playing on the patio with his brother.
Sami was in the hood.
Sami had a lot of family there.
Sami wasn't living in that environment.
Sami went to Cairo so see some relatives.
Sami never went back to that neighborhood.
Sami needs to stick to the story.
Sami said this in another video.
Sami and Layla grew up in two different places.
Sami's uncle took care of us.
Sami was playing with his bike.
Sami was asking Layla about her bike.
Sami had a whole bunch of other siblings.
Sami's mom was super young.
Sami's mom was only twenty six at the time.
Sami was taking care of his little brother.
Sami got more accustomed with it.
Sami's neighborhood was very dirty.
Sami lived in a neighborhood where there was trash everywhere.
Sami and Layla went to the cemetery.
Sami lives in the neighborhood.
Sami's house looked very unkept.
Sami wasn't looking after his children.
Sami had other people looking after his children.
Sami came down to Florida to visit us.
Sami put his back on the patio.
Sami had an open patio.
Sami's bike was stolen the next day.
Sami's bike was stolen from the patio.
Sami had no money.
Sami didn't really have any money to buy food.
Sami's store is right next to the gas station.
Sami was yelling at the girls, trying to get their attention.
Sami stole his mom's money.
Sami went to play outside.
Sami saw syringes on the floor.
Sami picked a syringe up.
Sami was five or six at the time.
Sami used those needles for doing drugs.
Sami used those syringes for doing drugs.
Sami lived in this neighborhood for six years.
Sami has syringes.
Sami really needs to get his shit together.
Sami gave Layla a book.
Sami collected stamps.
Sami lived in a shitty environment.
Sami doesn't like this type of neighborhood.
Sami stole tires.
Sami didn't have a car back then.
Sami didn't even know how to drive back then.
Sami didn't even have a car back then.
Sami needed to get a license.
Sami taught Layla how to drive.
Sami didn't need a car.
Sami used to smoke cocaine all the time.
Sami didn't even know what cocaine was.
Sami and Layla talked about this before.
Sami was young and irresponsible.
Sami doesn't remember anything.
Sami wasn't in the right place to do what he needed to do.
Sami was smoking a J.
Sami doesn't need to drink this.
Sami was smoking a J in his room.
Sami doesn't watch this type of shit.
Sami was very hungry.
Sami had to call the fire department.
Sami doesn't remember where he went.
Sami took Layla in.
Sami ended up taking Layla and her kids in.
Sami didn't know how to swim.
Sami was scared of the water.
Sami learned how to swim.
Sami didn't learn how to swim.
Sami learned how to swim in that pool.
Sami was black and didn't look like anybody there.
Sami liked the babysitter a lot.
Sami is mentally challenged.
Sami and Layla got along a lot.
Layla always did her hair.
Sami played with Layla a lot.
Sami and Layla ended up moving.
Layla did her hair and she looked so cute.
Sami has positive memories from that neighborhood.
Sami moved out of that neighborhood when he was sixteen.
Sami lived in six different states.
Sami used to live in that neighborhood.
Sami knows the area.
Sami cut off Layla's babysitter.
Sami is moving to that hood.
Sami knows the area very well.
Sami met different types of people.
Sami was trying to be somebody that he wasn't.
Sami went to an academy school.
Sami lived in a different hood.
Sami can't remember this.
Sami lived in his dad's hood.
Sami lived in an improverished area.
Sami wasn't trying to offend anybody.
Sami shouldn't be offended about that.
Sami ruined my fucking time.
Sami ruined my fucking day.
Sami is feeling ten times better than yesterday.
Sami rested and he is good as new.
Sami is currently in a relationship.
Sami is Layla's man.
Sami has a son.
Sami met Layla's son when he was six years old.
Sami helped raise Layla's son.
Sami went on a few dates with Layla.
Layla looks absolutely gorgeous.
Sami and Farid were besties.
Layla and Salima are besties.
Sami went there to meet Layla after one of her classes.
Sami was trying to occupy himself on his phone.
Sami and Layla sat at a two person table.
Sami put down his backpack.
Sami asked Layla if he could sit there.
Sami was saving that seat for a friend.
Sami had a spiral notebook.
Sami is waiting for somebody.
Sami wasn't trying to be rude.
Sami was writing something in his notebook.
Sami put his spiral notebook on the table.
Sami was writing in his spiral notebook.
Sami kept writing in his spiral notebook.
Sami finished writing something in his notebook.
Sami really enjoyed doing this with kids.
Sami has seen Layla on campus.
Sami wants to come over here.
Sami took Layla out for a coffee.
Sami has a class in six minutes.
Sami was very nonchalant.
Sami extended his hand to Layla.
Sami kissed Layla's hand.
Sami is on a whole other level.
Sami was writing in his notebook.
Sami told me who he was.
Sami asked Layla to text him.
Sami just came up to me and gave me his number.
Sami went up to that girl and gave her his number.
Sami waited until the next day in the afternoon to text Layla.
Sami texted Layla right back.
Sami didn't text me anymore after that.
Sami texted his girlfriend.
Sami said what he needed to say.
Sami and Layla met up there the next morning.
Sami and Layla started having this conversation at the coffee shop.
Sami and Layla ended up talking for two straight hours at the coffee shop.
Sami wanted to hear a little bit more about how that ended.
Sami was Layla's high school sweetheart.
Sami opened his wallet.
Sami and Layla were high school sweethearts.
Sami has got six months to change this.
Sami and Layla were in a really serious relationship.
Sami still had his gilrfriend's photo in his wallet.
Sami still had his ex's photo in his wallet.
Sami still had his ex's photo in his photo album.
Sami found a lot about Layla on Facebook.
Sami is kind of cute.
Sami was sitting in a car.
Sami never said who that little girl was.
Sami took a photo of Layla with a little girl on her lap.
Sami's Facebook profile was private.
Sami met Layla six days later.
Sami and Layla decided that they were going to meet at the coffee shop.
Sami wanted to meet Layla there.
Sami and Layla were waiting for their movie to start.
Sami has a confession, too.
Sami liked what he found.
Sami went to get ice cream.
Sami really has to take this call.
Sami was sitting inside.
Sami sat next to the window.
Sami could hear Layla's voice.
Sami heard Layla say the name "Farid."
Sami is Layla's ex from high school.
Sami was having a fullon argument with Layla.
Sami started dating other girls.
Sami wasn't fully out of Layla's life.
Sami ate his ice cream by himself.
Sami completely lied to Layla.
Sami can't give Layla a ride because he is far away.
Sami needed Layla to give him a ride.
Sami asked Layla to give him a ride.
Sami and Layla were planning to meet up on Saturday.
Sami and Layla ended up at a club that night.
Sami told Layla all about it.
Sami and Layla had so much.
Sami asked Layla to let him know when she was free.
Sami knows what he heard.
Sami didn't want to be involved in drama.
Sami should give Layla another chance.
Sami and Layla ended up going on two other dates after this.
Sami finally met Layla.
Layla's father gave Sami a stamp of approval.
Sami and Layla became a part of each other's life.
Sami was going to watch the game at the coffee shop.
Sami and Layla started to get to know each other really well.
Sami met his friend's girlfriend.
Sami happened to be at that coffee shop.
Sami was having such a good time.
Sami ruined Layla's night.
Sami looked towards the door.
Sami has got company.
Sami had a baby in his arms.
Sami started walking towards our table.
Sami recognized the little girl that was in Layla's arm.
Sami grabbed Layla by the shoulders and tried to lead her away.
Layla is Sami's girlfriend and the mother of his child.
Layla was Sami's girlfriend and the mother of his daughter.
Sami wanted to fucking kill Layla.
Sami is still the father of my child.
Sami still comes over to my house every single day.
Sami told me that that girl wasn't his daughter.
Sami denied his daughter.
Sami doesn't know Layla like that.
Sami denied his child.
Sami doesn't have respect for Layla.
Sami is a fucking coward.
Layla is a homewrecker.
Sami was fucking yelling at me.
Sami was pissed at the wrong person.
Sami ended up dating Layla.
Sami told me about his son.
Sami talked about his son.
Sami's son was so important to him.
Sami would never deny his child.
Sami said the child wasn't his.
Sami ended up going to Layla's house.
Sami drank an entire bottle of wine.
Sami asked Layla who that little girl was.
Layla was flipping her hair to attract Sami's attention.
Sami's boss was drunk as fuck.
Sami was ridiculously crazy.
Sami was ridiculously embarrassing.
Sami's brother came over.
Sami is all over Europe.
Sami left to Egypt.
Sami is in Egypt right now.
Sami never talks about his past relationships.
Sami has been wanting to hear this story.
Sami has been working at an office since he was twenty six years old.
Sami was interested in Layla's corporate experience.
Sami worked for an oil and gas company.
Sami had already had six years of previous experience.
Sami didn't want to be an entry-level receptionist.
Sami was overqualified for a receptionist position.
Sami has recently lost a receptionist.
Sami was so underrated at the office.
Sami doesn't need to teach Layla everything from the ground up.
Sami had all the freedom to do that.
Sami was only a receptionist.
Sami was the HR director.
Sami loved his boss.
Sami didn't have to answer to anybody else but his HR director.
Sami was moving his way up.
Sami was not longer running the office.
Sami wanted to join the accounting department.
Sami posted photos.
Sami even helped the legal department.
Sami has been helping Layla out.
Sami hired another receptionist.
Sami trained the new receptionist.
Sami did so well at that.
Sami talked to the marketing head.
Sami was interested in joining the marketing team.
Sami was interested in joining Layla's team.
Sami came in for a meeting.
Sami was at the front desk.
Sami really loved her.
Sami really appreciated it.
Sami really appreciated this.
Sami was telling me bye.
Sami is leaving this weekend.
Sami was going to be out for about six weeks.
Sami was so excited for Layla.
Sami was always e-mailing people.
Sami needs a vacation.
Sami had everything handled at the office.
Sami would love to have Layla on the marketing team.
Sami was about to go on vacation.
Sami knows Layla is on vacation.
Sami sent his boos weekly updates.
Sami never interacted with the CEO.
Sami scheduled a conference room for the CEO.
Sami asked to speak with Layla privately in his office.
Sami was going to fire Layla.
Sami fucked this up.
Sami followed Layla to her office.
Sami followed Layla back to her office.
Sami offered Layla a seat and something to drink.
Sami had bad news for Layla.
Sami passed away and left his six year old daughter behind.
Sami was used to talking to Layla almost every day.
Sami was someone that I looked up to.
Layla was an intelligent woman.
Sami was raising a daughter.
Sami was phenomenal.
Sami was more than a boss to me.
Sami was Layla's mentor.
Sami was more than a boss to Layla. He was her mentor.
Sami is going to find a new receptionist.
Sami was working there with no boss.
Sami had no one to answer to.
Sami's world got flipped upside down.
Sami dated a lot.
Sami always knew that Layla wasn't the brightest person.
Sami wasn't the brightest crayon in the box.
Sami was Layla's direct boss.
Sami made an administrative assistant our boss.
Sami came to work the next day hangover as shit.
Sami was doing the damn thing.
Sami told Layla that via e-mail.
Sami told me that he was my boss.
Sami wanted to hire a new receptionist.
Sami didn't want to have a meeting with us.
Sami and Layla don't talk about it.
Sami and Layla never discussed this.
Sami was already my boss.
Sami had lunch with me.
Sami had to wait for another receptionist to come and relieve him.
Sami looked at my brother.
Sami came over to my desk.
Layla kept glancing at my brother.
Layla was flipping her hair and kept glancing at my brother.
Layla was super flirtatious with my brother.
Sami was in a long-term relationship.
Layla was smashing her boobs together.
Sami was entertaining Layla.
Sami was making fun of Layla.
Sami had such an issue with his age and was trying to be young again.
Sami met Layla at six in the afternoon.
Sami stopped by Layla's desk again.
Sami doesn't want to be rude to Layla.
Sami wasn't going anywhere.
Sami was going to a party.
Sami told me about his plans for the weekend.
Sami was living with her.
Sami sat right next to her.
Sami was trying to convince Layla to go dance with him.
Layla was in a minidress.
Layla's dress was tight as shit.
Layla wore a tight minidress.
Layla's minidress was shorter than mine.
Sami came clubbing with me.
Sami went clubbing with Layla.
Sami was so glad he found Layla.
Sami looked at his brother.
Sami introduced me to his sister.
Sami wanted to introduced Layla to Farid.
Sami shouldn't even worry about it.
Sami was in a weird position.
Sami partied with his boss and his daugther.
Sami was interested in Layla's sister.
Sami went up to the bar and got a drink.
Sami comes with us.
Sami has already downed his second drink.
Sami went up to Layla.
Is it OK if I take a break?
Somebody called Tom wants to see you.
The conference will take place in Boston.
A friend of mine called me last night.
Take these keys to Tom.
Who could take Tom's place?
Tom is taking a walk in the park.
Sami has been wanting to go see that nightclub.
Sami heard about that nightclub, too.
Sami didn't ask Layla to come.
Sami should stay here.
Sami stayed here to get drunk.
Sami, Layla and her friends were all walking together.
Sami didn't want Layla fucking with his money.
Sami had to run.
Sami got upstairs.
Sami got his drinks from the bar.
Layla was trying to find Salima a new man.
Sami was looking at them.
Sami can't deal with them.
Sami was embarrassed as shit.
Sami heard the glass break.
Sami was cleaning up Layla's shit.
Sami wasn't feeling well.
Sami doesn't want to be around Layla anymore.
Sami doesn't even know where he is going.
Sami wants to get rid of Layla.
Sami heard Layla talking on her phone.
Sami is so fucked up.
Sami was at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami gave Layla the address.
Sami was leaning on a bus stop post.
Sami is my boss.
Sami was talking to Layla's son.
Sami wanted to know what club Layla was at.
Sami is so fucking frustrated.
Sami ruined my entire night.
Sami got back to work.
Sami doesn't show Layla any respect.
Sami came to pick Layla's daughter up.
Sami never uses that word.
Sami caught Layla having an affair.
Sami didn't mention that in his last video.
Sami crossed his fingers.
Sami is over it.
Layla looks like absolute perfection.
Sami has been drinking wine.
Sami feels like shit today.
Layla is not pregnant.
Sami was still on antibiotics.
Sami is trying to be a good person.
Sami gave this to Layla for her birthday.
Sami ate Layla's brownies.
Sami wasn't really trying to settle down.
Sami is living downtown.
Sami and Layla live downtown.
Sami and Layla were living downtown.
Sami ran a small business downtown.
Sami and Layla run a small business in Cairo.
Sami's CEO is a man and his CFO is a woman.
Sami's interview lasted fifteen minutes.
Sami's interview was really quick.
Sami left the interview smiling.
Sami didn't want to hire me.
Sami was staring with two other people at that office.
Sami interacted a lot with his CFO.
Sami was a really quiet person.
Sami has been following me on Snapchat.
I'm taking pictures of the bridge.
Are you calling from Australia?
Did you take these pictures in Australia?
Don't call the cops.
I'm going to buy three tickets.
What time did you call Tom?
They've been keeping something from me.
Filled with anger, Tom killed his own brother.
Cyrus reigned for thirty years.
I'll come with you if I finish the job.
The shepherd is looking for the lost sheep.
The shepherd is looking for some lost sheep.
Tom was wounded and returned home.
Who was emperor after Hadrian?
Romulus reigned for thirty-seven years.
Your love is less strong than mine.
They say that Tom's going to come back.
They say that Mary is going to return.
I bought this book in Rome.
I read this book in Rome.
They're very attentive.
These pants do not suit me.
These shoes are clean and beautiful.
I don't like these shoes.
Two and two make four.
Hitler hated the Jews.
Hitler was a criminal.
The turtle is as slow as the snail.
The road is slippery. Drive slowly.
The snow covered the houses and the trees.
What the heck are you doing here?
Didn't the messengers warn about the danger?
Don't you love the Latin language?
"Don't you have friends?" "Of course."
"" means the previous kanji is repeated.
They aren't good, are they?
The messengers warned about the danger, didn't they?
Are they good?
They're good, aren't they?
"You have friends, don't you?" "Sure."
Tom was poor, although he could have been very rich.
Mary was poor, although she could have been very rich.
Tom will come with you if he finishes his work.
Mary will come with me if she finishes her work.
Tom said that he would return to the city in which he had been born.
Why are you giving me this money?
My father is an old man.
Be patient lady, he will not be long to arrive.
Do they know how to sing?
Young people today do not listen to adults.
I invited them home.
I love you blindly.
I went to the spring to draw water, but I found it had dried up.
The soldier refused the fight.
I can not write.
I'm just as busy as Tom is.
I'm as busy as Tom is.
I'm as busy as Tom.
I'm just as busy as Tom.
You couldn't make this up.
You couldn't make it up.
You couldn't make this up if you tried.
You couldn't make it up if you tried.
Tom is passionate about his work.
Mary is passionate about her work.
Take this pill. It'll help you sleep.
Don't forget to call me tonight.
Don't forget to take a camera.
I'm expecting a phone call this morning.
Sorry, I think you've dialed the wrong number.
The story takes place in Boston.
You won't follow Bob's advice.
My mother likes the milk soup.
They're also a couple in real life.
These two actors are also a couple in real life.
These two actors are a couple in real life.
Tom and Mary are also a couple in real life.
Tom and Mary are a couple in real life.
I want to spend all summer in Berlin.
Her younger sister was murdered by a stalker.
This reminds me of the old days.
The pond is frozen.
The pond was frozen.
Tom and Mary skated on the frozen pond.
Tom and his friends skated on the frozen pond.
Tom and his friends played hockey on the frozen pond.
Tom tried his luck.
Mary tried her luck.
What should we tell the others?
What will we tell the others?
I'm not here for a vacation.
I came here for a vacation.
What's that got to do with anything?
Do you find that amusing?
What's that got to do with what we're talking about?
What does that have to do with what we're talking about?
I'm proud of what you've accomplished.
I'm proud of what I've accomplished.
Tom was scared and confused.
The animal was scared and confused.
Tom told you something, didn't he?
Mary told you something, didn't she?
Tom took a protein shake.
Tom evaded the question.
I need to go to bed.
Why can't you accept me as I am?
In my opinion, she's right.
Doing that would take hours.
I was studying French when you called yesterday.
Sami is already in his new house.
Sami still lives in his old apartment.
Sami was working at a full-time job.
Aart's house was raided by the FBI.
Sami comes from the corporate world.
Sami is really interested in this.
Sami wanted to see this.
Sami has learned lots of things over the years.
Sami started working full-time.
Sami got bills to pay.
Sami can't go to school.
Sami was still working at a full-time job.
Sami was still making pretty good money.
Sami used to make pretty good money.
Sami will do this after summer.
Sami graduated high school last summer.
Sami is always looking at his calendar.
Sami had a plan.
Sami wanted to get married by the age of 26.
Sami wanted to get married by the age of twenty-six.
Sami needs to go back to school.
Sami has another plan.
Sami was working part-time.
Sami was only working part-time.
Sami found himself a part-time job.
Sami can't work in retail.
Sami cannot work in retail.
Sami put the dress back on a hanger.
Sami had every intention of staying there.
Sami wanted Layla to be there from eight to six.
Sami started to get really overwhelmed.
Sami couldn't find a job.
Sami hates retail jobs.
Sami's job didn't pay much.
Sami worked from ten to two.
Sami sent his resume.
Sami sent his application.
Sami gave me the address and the name of the company.
Sami gave Layla the name of the company.
Sami worked for oil and gas companies before.
Sami wore his interview outfit.
Sami was fifteen minutes ealier.
Sami was a few minutes late.
Sami got to his interview fifteen minutes ealy.
Sami's company is located on the sixth floor.
Sami a blue door on the left.
Sami was wearing a t-shirt and jeans.
Sami wore t-shirts and jeans.
Sami has an interview scheduled for ten thirty.
Sami has an interview scheduled for 10:30.
Sami is one of the project managers.
Sami went into the conference room.
Sami was looking at Layla's resume.
Sami proceeded with the interview questions.
Sami had a copy of Layla's resume.
Sami didn't have any questions for Layla.
Sami is interviewing Layla.
Sami has to make the decision.
Sami has to make sure that this is a good job for him.
Sami told Layla a little bit more about his company.
Sami started feeling like Layla was getting a little bit nervous.
Sami put the software on his computer.
Sami gave Layla the activation code for that software.
Sami installed that software on his computer.
Sami had the activation code for the software.
Sami was dressed in his work attire.
Sami wears t-shirts and jeans every day.
Sami came back to work.
Sami wore jeans.
Sami got a part-time job.
Sami wears jeans every day.
Sami was so much older than Layla.
Sami does the same things that Layla does.
Sami's job was close to his house.
Sami is going to be a student.
Sami gave Layla a flexible schedule.
Sami comes in when he can.
Sami sent his boss his schedule.
Sami should have know this.
Sami left the conference room.
Sami can succeed.
Sami found the perfect part-time job.
Sami can wear jeans every day.
Sami sent his boss an e-mail.
Sami was only working from eight to two.
Sami hasn't met the owner of the company yet.
Layla is an administrative assistant.
Sami had an assistant.
Sami had an administrative assistant.
Layla is Sami's administrative assistant.
Sami was still very young to be the owner of a company.
Sami got Layla coffee and breakfast.
Sami went back to his desk.
Sami still didn't have any projects to work on.
Sami didn't mind not having a busy day.
Sami was six years older than Layla.
Sami sat the closest to Layla.
Sami can help you with this.
Sami doesn't know what Layla meant.
Sami went to this website.
Sami is chatting with a girl named Layla.
Sami saw confusion on Layla's face.
Sami is just doing what he is told.
Sami started typing.
Sami started chatting.
Sami was looking for the activation code.
Sami gave Layla the activation code.
Sami had answers for every question.
Sami got the activation code.
Sami was just trying to keep his job.
Sami hit "Enter."
Sami shouldn't use his real name.
Sami wanted to speak with Layla.
Sami needs to make up a fake name.
Sami is the middle man between the company and the customers.
Sami will do this for Layla.
Sami was able to do this legally.
Sami was working so hard.
Sami was trying to convince Layla that what he was doing was completely legal.
Sami asked for an activation code.
Sami is like in his mid-sixties.
Sami seemed really shy.
Sami is here to help you with whatever he needs.
Sami has a notepad.
Sami showed Layla how to do her job.
Sami needed to meet with the supervisor.
Sami can do it however he sees fit.
Sami already has his way of doing things.
Sami wasn't giving Layla shit.
Sami has nothing else to say.
Sami was kind of disappointed.
Sami was supposed to be supporting Layla.
Sami could feel that in his soul.
Sami is very tech-savvy.
Sami got fired on his sixth day on the job.
Sami didn't walk inside.
Sami was in the conference room.
Sami's office has been raided by the FBI.
Sami was going through Layla's drawers.
Sami was going through Layla's files.
Sami wanted to text his mom.
Aart was arrested by the FBI.
Sami took Layla's phone.
Layla put her phone back in her purse.
Sami wasn't saying shit.
Sami is not part of this.
Sami didn't need to be there.
Sami wanted to go back to school.
Sami was trying to get his life together.
Sami is about to go to prison.
Sami came into the conference room.
Sami grabbed his things and left the room.
Sami was taken to jail.
Sami was involved in a fraudulent activity.
Sami wasn't breaking any laws.
Sami was free to go.
Sami almost went to jail.
Sami never talked to any of them again.
Sami went immediately to look for a new job.
Sami will get back to that.
Sami wanted to tell Layla that story.
Sami told us real stories about his past.
Sami needs to understand what is going on.
Sami needs to understand what's going on.
Sami and Layla broke up six days ago.
Sami had a best friend.
Sami and Farid were like brothers.
Sami and Layla have known each other since elementary school.
Sami and Layla were inseparable.
Sami and Layla lived near each other.
Sami got hired at the Walmart Layla was working at.
Sami hates cats.
Sami's manager was pretty young.
Sami already had a wife and a baby.
Sami favored Layla a lot.
Sami was constantly complaning to Layla about his job at the convenience store.
Sami was shady as fuck.
Sami was super unhappy with his job at Walmart.
Sami really didn't need that job.
Sami still has his own home.
Sami was saving money for a car.
Sami was always complaining about his job at the convenience store.
Sami's manager was so cool.
Sami's boss was super cool.
Sami doesn't like couples working at his office.
Sami is a friend from high school.
Sami is just a friend from high school.
Sami called Layla in for an interview.
Sami applied online.
Sami didn't tell Layla that we were together.
Sami and Layla were on different schedules.
Sami applied for the job online.
Sami watched Layla send the application.
Sami gave Layla a questionnaire.
Sami failed the quiz.
Sami told Layla to redo the quiz.
Sami passed the quiz.
Sami ended up getting hired at Walmart.
Sami knows that Farid is Layla's boyfriend.
Tom said he wants to show Mary something.
Sami wasn't worried about it.
Sami quit his job at Walmart.
Sami and I were still dating.
Sami and I went over Farid's house.
Sami has bought a new car.
Sami got some snacks.
Sami sat in the front, next to Layla.
Sami's car windows got foggy.
Sami wrote something on Layla's windshield.
Sami erased all of it.
Sami is lying to me.
Sami erased the number off of his car window.
Sami knows when Layla is lying to him.
Sami wrote his phone number on Layla's car window.
Sami will find out.
Sami doesn't know what is going on but he will find out.
Sami erased the number off his car window.
Sami's phone was next to Layla.
Sami and Layla are just chilling.
Sami and Layla were playing video games in the basement.
Sami has just got hired at Layla's job.
Sami is crazy as fuck.
Sami didn't want to fight Farid in front of his friend.
Sami and Layla were eating.
Sami and Layla were eating at McDonald's.
Sami left his jacket at Layla's house.
Sami asked Layla if she wanted to chill.
Sami and Layla were in the room the whole time.
Sami would never let Layla do something like that.
Sami and Layla have been watching TV all afternoon.
Sami ended up coming home.
Sami lied to Layla about it.
Sami wanted to deceive Layla.
Sami knew what he did was wrong.
Sami threw you under the bus.
Sami was really close to Layla's mom.
Sami has just found out that Layla has been cheating on him.
Sami went over to another bitch's house.
Sami ended up storming off, going upstairs.
Sami and Layla ended up coming to an agreement.
Sami and Layla ended up coming to some sort of an agreement.
Sami never did some shit like that again.
Sami probably thinks I'm stupid as fuck.
Sami was at his mom's house.
Sami decided to spend the night at Layla's house.
Sami texted all of them.
Sami and his friends came over to Layla's house.
Sami is gonna talk about Layla.
Sami had a little sister that was younger than me.
Layla was like a little girl.
Sami started talking about his past.
Sami has been secretly dating Layla's little sister.
Sami saw that something had been going on between Layla and Farid.
Sami didn't want Farid to date his little sister.
Sami betrayed his best friend.
Sami told Farid not to date his little sister.
Sami was having his sweater on.
Sami told me the secret.
Sami was still trying to talk to Layla.
Sami started feeling guilty.
Sami had a sixteen year old daughter.
Sami had no choice but to tell Layla the truth.
Sami ended up having to confront Layla in person.
Sami was about to have his party with his friends.
Sami is getting ready to leave.
Sami can bring his friends over.
Sami was on his way and he needed directions.
Sami asked for Layla's phone.
Sami is gonna get lost.
Sami is going to get lost.
Sami is going to get lost if Layla doesn't tell him exactly where she is.
Sami looked down at the phone and saw Layla's name.
Sami checked the message himself.
Sami is on his way and will be there in ten minutes.
Layla was coming to pick up my man from his house.
Sami went through every message on Layla's phone.
Sami was texting his mistress in the middle of the day.
Sami got really invested into Layla's life.
Sami cheat on Layla emotionally.
Sami thinks that emotional cheating is as serious as physical cheating.
Sami thinks that emotional cheating is even worse than physical cheating.
Sami came in and all hell broke loose.
Sami was fucking around with this bitch.
Sami was throwing shit across the room.
Sami was yelling and throwing shit.
Sami and Layla were each other's first.
Sami canceled his party.
Sami stayed there to talk to Layla.
Sami waited for Layla to get there.
Sami asked Layla to let him talk to Salima.
Sami always covered for Layla.
Sami will always lie for Layla.
Sami should stop putting all the blame on Layla.
Sami was covering for Layla.
Sami was trying to cover for Layla.
Sami should stop giving his loyalty to somebody who doesn't deserve it.
Sami was fighting Layla's battles for her.
Sami made a mess.
Sami went through his first heartbreak.
Sami is so heartbroken.
Sami meant what he said.
Sami and Farid won't be friends anymore.
Sami left Farid in the dust.
Sami will leave you guys in the dust.
Sami was there for Farid.
Sami knew that Layla didn't deserve that.
Sami was lying to his best friend.
Sami shouldn't treat his best friend like that.
Sami told us the story last time.
Sami and Layla know how that works.
Sami knew what was going on there.
Sami was stranded on a mountain.
Sami knows why Layla left.
Sami and Layla ended up chilling.
Sami started dating Layla right after he broke up with Salima.
Sami doesn't have a whole lot of frienships.
Layla decided not to give her heart to anybody.
Sami loved ice cream.
Sami refused to talk to Layla.
Sami got a new phone number.
Sami got a new phone.
Layla had her moment of crying.
Sami had to get back up.
Layla didn't have any more tears to cry.
Sami is grieving.
Sami was trying to understand how things went so wrong.
Sami will never be able to understand Layla's mentality.
Layla wiped off her tears.
Sami's life became ten times better.
Sami bought his first car.
Sami was doing his shit.
Sami has never dated outside of high school.
Sami doesn't know how to date outside of high school.
Sami doesn't even know where to start.
Sami started clubbing.
Layla didn't even know how to talk to boys.
Sami had never been single since he was twenty-six.
Sami was able to go to clubs.
Sami gave his number to almost any girl he talked to at the club.
Sami ended up telling me what happened between him and Layla.
Sami cut Layla out of his life.
Sami, Layla and I are all the same age.
Sami wanted us to go to that club.
Sami got to that club.
Sami likes going to clubs.
Sami reserved a table for him and Layla at the club.
Sami remembers Layla and Farid.
Sami had a basketball hoop in front of his house.
Sami and Layla were playing basketball in front of Farid's house.
Sami was chubby and kind of nerdy.
Sami was kind of quiet.
Sami didn't seem like the clubbing type of guy.
Sami was going to bring his friend.
Sami sat there, waiting for all of his friends to get there.
Sami saw a tall guy standing behind Layla.
Sami doesn't remember Layla and Farid.
Sami was tall as fuck.
Sami has lost so much weight.
Sami wasn't expecting Layla to look like that.
Sami and Layla ended up talking the whole night.
Sami was a really cool guy.
Sami's club was about to close.
Sami wanted to have breakfast with Layla.
Sami and Layla went to have breakfast.
Sami agreed to take Layla home.
Sami had breakfast with Layla.
Sami and Layla ended up going to that diner.
Sami and Layla stayed at that diner until six in the morning.
Sami let Layla take a taxi home.
Sami and Layla were texting back and forth.
Sami asked Layla to go on a date with him.
Sami took Layla to the movies.
Sami walked the rest of the way.
Sami was trying not to get too attached to Layla.
Sami started feeling emotions for Layla.
Sami had the nicest car in town.
Sami drove a blue Ford Focus.
Sami's car is so sexy to me.
Sami asked Layla to go on another date with him.
Sami had a surprise planned after dinner.
Sami was planning something for Layla's birthday.
Sami and Layla got in the car.
Sami forgot his jacket at his house.
Layla doesn't trust a lot of dudes.
Sami started driving.
Sami headed to his house.
Sami doesn't want to meet Layla's dad.
Sami didn't want to start anything serious.
Sami was driving into a really nice neighborhood.
Sami lives in a big house.
Sami's house looks like a mansion.
Sami had a Lexus.
Sami's Ford was parked in the driveway.
Sami is looking outside.
Sami lived in a Victorian-inspired house.
Sami was sitting in Layla's car.
Sami came to my window.
Sami was waiting in Layla's living room.
Sami didn't want to leave his six year old sister by herself.
Sami didn't want to meet Layla's family.
Sami really doesn't want to meet Layla's dad.
Sami won't leave his sister in the house by herself.
Sami walked into that house.
Layla was walking down that street with the pepper spray in her hand.
Layla sprayed Sami with pepper spray.
Sami grabbed Layla's hand and they walked into that house.
Sami could hear Layla pushing buttons.
Sami deactivated the alarm.
Sami had a sophisticated alarm system.
Sami peeked his head into that room.
Sami's living room looks like a shopping mall.
Sami had security cameras all around his house.
Sami could see everything that was happening.
Sami tried to steal Layla's car.
Sami's dad was a car dealer.
Sami lives in a mansion.
Sami lived in a huge mansion.
Sami got fidgety.
Sami was in that huge house by himself.
Sami heard Layla yelling.
Sami was yelling at his sister.
Sami ran from the couch into Layla's room.
Layla wanted to meet Sami's girlfriend.
Sami started calling Layla's name.
Sami was in the security room.
Sami is in the security room with a couple of security guards.
Sami was interviewed in the security room.
Sami can't leave yet.
Sami doesn't want to meet Layla's dad either.
Sami doesn't want to meet Layla's family.
Sami and Layla are not in a relationship.
Sami and Layla aren't in a relationship.
Layla is not Sami's girlfriend.
Sami texted his dad.
Sami told his dad that he was leaving.
Sami told his dad that he was moving out.
Sami caused a scene.
Sami wants to go home now.
Sami asked Layla to take him home.
Sami is still driving.
Sami was driving up a mountain.
Sami was taking Layla to a mountain.
Sami can see all of the city from where he lives.
Sami started driving up the mountain.
Sami is so stressed out.
Sami is gonna drop Layla off at home.
Sami is going to drop Layla off at home.
Sami was sitting at the edge of the mountain.
Sami and Layla haven't kissed yet.
Sami and Layla didn't kiss.
Sami and Layla never kissed.
Sami and Layla had their first kiss that night.
Sami didn't want to do anything else.
Sami didn't know what else to do.
Layla was reapplying her lipstick.
Layla was putting on her lipstick.
Layla has beautiful lips.
Sami asked Layla to give him head.
Sami asked Layla to give him a blow job.
Sami asked Layla to drive him home.
Sami asked Layla to give him a BJ.
Sami hasn't done this before.
Sami jumped out of Layla's car.
Sami is so fucking mad.
Sami agreed to drive Layla home.
Sami asked Layla to give him a ride home.
Sami is so nasty.
Sami and Layla are on their second date.
Sami took Layla to dinner.
Sami took Layla up a mountain.
Sami was at the shopping center.
Sami is used to take Layla there.
Sami lived a block away.
Sami stopped talking to her.
He will miss the train.
She will miss the train.
If you give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest of men, I will find something in them which will hang him.
That's my fiance.
His skin itches.
I caught a cold today.
We sleep so as to rest.
We eat so as to live.
Kabyle people like their language.
Kabyle people are proud with their identity.
Berber is written with Greco-Latin characters in Algeria.
Le Pen hates Arab people.
Have you gone to the book fair?
Nobody trusts him.
He will have to leave.
She will have to leave.
She slept with him.
Reptiles are creeping animals.
Some reptiles are viviparous.
This is an old woman.
This is a young girl.
This is a baby.
These are babies.
This is Yidir's wife.
This is Moqran's son.
Here I was born and here will I stay.
We are soldiers.
We are players.
We're farmers.
He knows nothing in farming.
He knows very little in farming.
I didn't understand this word.
I think this sentence is not in Spanish.
Why are you angry again?
She gave us a book.
I know you are my other half.
I sold the house for a profit.
Mary evaded the question.
Tom reminisced about the old days.
The old man reminisced about the old days.
The old woman reminisced about the old days.
Tom and Mary reminisced about the old days.
Tom's squirrel is perhaps the most intelligent life form in the galaxy.
Tom tried his luck hitchhiking.
I can't just lie to him.
I can't just lie to her.
I can't just lie to them.
I can't just lie to Tom.
"I can't just lie to him." "Why not?"
"I can't just lie to her." "Why not?"
What if he starts asking questions?
What if she starts asking questions?
What if they start asking questions?
What if Tom starts asking questions?
Tom loafed around the house.
Quadrupeds are animals that have four feet.
Tom didn't want to hear a thing about it.
Mary didn't want to hear a thing about it.
She didn't want to hear a thing about it.
Mary chose her words carefully.
Stop interrupting.
It's just a simple cold.
Is someone here?
Is somebody out there?
Do you use a deodorant?
Make sure you wear eye protection.
You can use this dictionary.
Mary pulled her hair into a bun.
Didn't you use to have a car?
Tom said he thought Mary would be arrested.
We all despise Tom.
I used to get dizzy a lot.
You're the best sister in the whole world.
You're the best brother in the whole world.
You're the best sister in the whole world!
You're the best brother in the whole world!
Things were looking grim.
Tom was surrounded by all his friends.
Mary was surrounded by all her friends.
I don't want to hear a thing about it.
He called her bluff.
We won't be able to make up that loss even if we tried.
We won't be able to make up that loss.
I don't think I could make up a story like that even if I tried.
I'm sure there's a perfectly reasonable explanation why Tom did that.
I'm sure there was a good reason for Tom to do that.
Can you take a picture of us?
How many times have you done that before?
I know it takes courage to do that.
I know it's Tom's call.
You were the one who chose to do that.
You're the best squirrel in the whole world!
You're the best mom in the whole world!
You're the best dad in the whole world!
I called an ambulance.
I have to get ready for work.
Pack light.
Tom asked Mary to pack light.
What did she mean by that?
What did he mean by that?
We're colleagues, nothing more.
I'd be surprised if Tom could do that.
I wasn't any quicker at doing that than Tom was.
How often do you use your tent?
Mary wasn't one of the most popular girls.
YouTube is down.
YouTube isn't working.
Tom is always perfectly dressed.
Chuck's Diner has been closed.
Don't forget to tell Tom to do that today.
You should make sure that Tom doesn't do that today.
Are you eating right?
We don't use force unless necessary.
I've never seen Tom this upset before.
I want to eat spaghetti.
She swims like a fish.
The left hand does not know what the right hand is doing.
But that's not true.
He promised to help us.
Tell your mother-in-law not to phone me here any more.
Life with Eva was horribly unfair.
Do not be afraid. Look after yourself.
Where did I put them?
What should I do with this cat?
Floral patterns decorated the shawl.
There are many more questions.
I see you were harvesting grapes.
When you wake up tomorrow morning you will find something wonderful.
Where the hell did I put them?
Your son is a nice, fine young man.
Maria went to the table and sat down on a comfortable swivel chair.
I am paying with cash.
Where is the water drinkable?
My camera was very expensive.
Before the painter arrives, the cupboards must be emptied and everything stacked in the middle of the room.
Unfortunately, I lost my passport.
Sing with me.
Sami is not here to just hear Layla rant.
Sami is not here to just hear Layla ramble.
Sami isn't here to just hear Layla rant.
Sami isn't here to just hear Layla ramble.
Sami had a crush on Layla.
Sami had a long-time crush on Layla.
Sami decided to break up with his girlfriend.
Sami and Layla decided to break up.
Sami and Farid got into an actual fight.
Layla knew that Sami had a girlfriend.
Sami and Layla had a hard conversation.
Sami is not cool with this idea.
Sami isn't cool with this idea.
Sami and Layla remained friends.
Sami and Layla saw each other all the time.
Sami and Layla had the same off periods.
Sami and Layla had the same lunch periods.
Sami spent some time with Layla.
Sami and Layla still had their Arabic class together.
Sami and Layla were having an issue.
Sami and Layla talked to each other about it.
Sami was salty.
Sami was not about to drop Layla for Salima.
Sami wasn't about to drop Layla for Salima.
Sami broke up with Layla a few days later.
Sami needed to talk to me about Layla.
Sami tried to go through Layla's phone.
Sami probably broke up with Layla for Salima.
Sami probably dropped Layla for Salima.
Sami started telling me more about Layla.
Sami started showing me more pictures of Layla.
Sami is a redhead girl.
Sami and I went to the same school.
Sami hasn't met Layla yet.
Sami admitted to me that he was dating a sophomore.
Sami didn't have the same friends as us.
Sami is a year and a half older than Layla.
Sami is a year and a half younger than Layla.
Sami is dating a freshman.
Sami was dating a sophomore.
Sami started learning more about Layla.
Sami wanted to learn more about Layla.
Sami was coming to Arabic class.
Sami watched the boxing match.
Sami came over to watch the boxing match.
Sami wanted to watch the fight.
Sami had an awkward feeling.
Sami was chilling at Layla's house.
Sami didn't want to go to that party.
Sami has to tell her.
Sami doesn't fucking care anymore.
Sami can definitely invite Layla.
Sami's mom let us come.
Sami was finally about to meet that girl.
Sami was at Layla's party.
Sami didn't open his mouth.
Sami hoped and prayed.
Sami didn't want to fight anybody.
Sami just wanted to chill.
Sami will be there.
Sami doesn't have an issue with Layla.
Sami doesn't have an issue with Layla's ex.
Sami forgot everything that happened.
Sami broke up with Layla to be with me.
Sami wanted to come by and chill.
Sami and Layla are going to have a problem.
Sami doesn't feel like doing it.
Sami should let Layla know right now.
Sami told his mom about it.
Sami knew that Layla existed.
Sami's parents are going to be there.
Sami didn't see parents there.
Sami went out to socialize and meet other people.
Sami wanted to go out, socialize and meet other people.
Sami was about to go to a party.
Sami's friends were at the party.
Sami's friends were at Layla's party.
Sami showed up there with Layla.
Sami didn't come.
Sami didn't come to the party.
Sami was very agitated.
Sami was very irritated.
Sami was involved with that.
Sami wasn't talking about it anymore.
Sami was assigned to this group.
Sami did that shit on purpose.
Sami wasn't cheating during the test.
Sami didn't cheat during the test.
Sami was not cheating during the test.
Sami never had a class over there.
Sami didn't talk throughout the entire day.
Sami has to use a pencil.
Sami walked Layla to the bathroom.
Sami stood outside of the bathroom.
Sami is peeing.
Sami was monitoring the students.
Sami needs to pee.
Sami and Layla were walking in a line.
Sami's bathroom is around the corner.
Sami stood outside of the boys' bathroom.
Sami had six minutes.
Sami was trying to cheat on the test.
Sami peed in the bathroom.
Sami was overhearing the conversation but he wasn't really paying attention.
Sami started washing his hands.
Sami looked up in the mirror and saw Layla.
Sami was in my group.
Sami is younger than us.
Sami saw a girl with red hair.
Sami recognized that girl.
Sami whispered something to his friends.
Sami and his friends were loud.
Sami and Layla said it in unisson.
Sami didn't hear any of them say anything.
Sami finished washing his hands.
Sami was drying his hands.
Sami was standing right by the trash can.
Sami walked out of the bathroom.
Sami is already done washing his hands.
Sami needs a paper towel, too.
Sami was drying his hands with a paper towel.
She ordered her son to stand up.
She gave milk to her baby.
She met her boyfriend in the street.
He found money in the street.
Send him a message.
Tell just the truth.
She kissed her baby.
He inherited a lot of money from his father.
He hesitated to tell her the truth.
He was accustomed to sleep until the afternoon.
Damn!
Damned!
Damn it all!
He entered the house without knocking on the door.
They say "the right man in the right place".
Kabyle people boycott Algerian elections every time.
She's upset.
Who's that woman with curly hair?
He's never eaten a hamburger.
I think I've already met you.
Eat more, Tom.
Have you ever read the story of the crow and the fox?
The lion is a carnivore.
Shouting is forbidden in the hospital.
He is always drunk!
The Eyjafjallajkull is an Icelandic volcano.
She doesn't live in The Hague, but in Rotterdam.
Amazing!
Peter reads a book.
Raj is a man.
That is a book.
We returned home after finishing the work.
I will call him tonight.
They relied on a get-rich-quick scheme.
Fish swim in water.
Land has hill, woods, fields, animals and men.
Thus, the greatest bodies of the world, the four elements, are full of their own inhabitants.
The Heaven is wheeled about and encompasses the Earth, standing in the middle.
The Sun, whereever it is, always shines, however dark it is. Clouds may take it away from us; by its rays it makes light and light makes day.
In the night the moon shines and the stars glitter and twinkle.
In the evening is twilight; in the morning the breaking and dawning of the day.
The wind blows strongly.
Cool air blows gently.
A storm throws down trees.
The river has banks.
Water springs out of a fountain, flows downwards in a brook, runs in a beck, stands in a pond, glides in the stream, is whirled about in a whirlpool and causes fens.
The sea makes shores, bays, capes, islands, peninsulas, necks of land, straights, and has rocks in it.
Don't blame him, he's a novice.
Put that book next to the chair.
Put that book under the chair.
Put that book on the chair.
Who's that ugly man?
I've neither eaten nor drunk since yesterday.
The first part of this documentary is excellent.
Take your part and leave the other part to your brother.
The part which was eaten is not mine.
Every evening, I watch the "Walking Dead".
He lied down like a dead man.
He killed him and then buried his body underground.
Every regime has his own soldiers.
He writes with the left hand.
What are you doing? I am repeating by myself.
What are you repeating? The task which the Master set us today.
Do you remember it? I think so.
When he was young, he used to play the guitar.
Do you hold it in memory? So I think.
When he was young, he used to be very shy.
Do you come alone or accompanied?
When he was young, he was beaten every day.
I already arrived!
Sorry, I arrived late.
Hi, how is everyone?
I am Antonio, nice to meet you.
She washed her hair with cold water.
He is angry.
It is already time to leave.
It is already time to return.
It is already time to eat.
It is already time to eat dinner.
What then are we waiting for?
It does not become us to be idle or chat away here while the Master is expected.
Vapour ascends from water. From it is formed a cloud, and mist near the Earth.
Rain and a small shower form out of a cloud, drop by drop. Which makes, when frozen, hail, half-frozen, snow, when warm, mildew.
By a rain cloud, the sun against it, appears a rainbow.
A drop, falling into water, makes a bubble; many bubbles make froth.
Frozen water is called ice; dew congealed is called frost.
Thunder is made from a sulphurous vapour, breaking out of a cloud with lightning, thundering and striking with lightning.
On the earth are high mountains, deep valleys, rising hills, hollow caves and shady woods.
A meadow yields grass, with flowers and herbs, which being cut, make hay.
A field yields corn and vegetables.
Mushrooms, strawberries, myrtle trees and so on come from the woods.
Metals, stones and minerals arise from under the earth.
They are the fruits of the earth.
Lead is soft and heavy. Iron is hard and steel harder.
From tin, tankards are made; from copper, kettles; from lattin, candlesticks; from silver, dollars; from gold, Ducats and Crown pieces.
Quicksilver, always liquid, corrodes metals.
Sand and gravel are stone broken into bits. A whetstone, flint, marble etcetera are ordinary stones.
A lodestone contains iron.
I'm the richest.
Jewels are clear stones, as: the white diamond, blue sapphire, green emerald, yellow Jacinth and so on; and glitter when cut.
Pearls and unions grow in shellfish; corals in a sea shrub. Amber is gathered from the sea.
That is good.
That is nice.
A shoot grows from a seed. A shoot transforms to a sapling, a sapling to a tree. The root sustains the tree.
From the root rises the stem. The stem divides itself into boughs and green branches made from leaves.
Bird lime accumulates on the boughs, which also seep gum, resin, pitch etcetera.
Fruits are picked from fruit-bearing trees. The apple is round. The pear and the fig are somewhat long.
The cherry hangs by a long stalk, the plum and peach's are shorter. The mulberrys stalk is very short.
The walnut, hazelnut and chestnut are wrapped in a husk and a shell.
Barren trees are the fir, elder, birch, cypress, beech, ivy, sallow, linden and so on, but most of them afford shade.
But the juniper and bay tree yield berries; the pine, pine cones, the oak acorns and Galls.
Tom marinated the chicken.
My thoughts and prayers are with you.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
Mary marinated the meat.
Don't forget to tell Tom that he has to do that.
Don't forget to tell Tom he has to do that.
Tom had obviously been crying.
Are you coming alone or with someone else?
Tom was eating an apple.
Tom and his family came to the train station to see us off.
Tom is much closer to his father than he is to his mother.
My mother often makes potato salad.
Tom bought a present for his daughter's friend.
Tom drew a house and a tree.
Have you made up your mind about what you're going to give Tom for his birthday?
The ball bounced on the pavement.
Tom has short, curly brown hair.
Mary likes to dress up for special occasions.
Tom's been drinking beer.
Tom has been drinking beer.
Mary and I've been going out for three years.
I usually eat less than my girlfriend.
I didn't know who would bring the letter.
Tom daydreamed for a few minutes.
Mary daydreamed for a few minutes.
Tom stomped his foot angrily.
Tom reluctantly got out of bed.
Tom reluctantly got out of the bed.
Mary reluctantly got out of bed.
I doubt that it's Tom's fault.
I doubt that Tom is to blame.
I've heard that it's dangerous to walk alone on Park Street after dark.
Bring Tom a drink.
The debts were mounting.
Tom rolled out of bed.
Mary rolled out of bed.
I'm tired of picking up after you.
Mary blew her hair dry.
Tom blew his hair dry.
Mary blew Tom's hair dry.
Mary applied some lip gloss.
Tom put on an old T-shirt.
Mary put on an old T-shirt.
Mary's hair was shiny.
Mary's hair is very shiny.
Tom hit the snooze button.
Tom rolled out of bed a little after noon.
Tom didn't roll out of bed until a little after noon.
Why is this my job?
Tom was late for a meeting with an important client.
Mary made the kids breakfast.
Mary made the children breakfast.
Mary told the children to get dressed.
Mary told the children to get ready for school.
The bus will be here in a few minutes.
Give our compliments to the chef.
Would you please give our compliments to the chef?
Tom told the waiter to give our compliments to the chef.
Tom asked the waiter to pass our compliments to the chef.
Our compliments to the chef.
The chef came over at our table.
Please pass on our compliments to the chef.
It was a truly superb meal.
We really enjoyed our meal.
Tom and Mary really enjoyed their meal.
I'll pass along your compliments to the chef.
You tell me.
"Why are you not coming here?" "Because I don't want to."
Aren't you even a little tempted?
Tom rolled over to Mary's side.
Tom rolled over to Mary's side of the bed.
Aren't you going to kiss me goodbye?
Tom stamped his foot three times.
We bought Tom an expensive umbrella.
Tom hung out with Mary all day.
I gave Tom chocolate.
Has Tom cleaned the room yet?
Do you enjoy Tom's company?
I know it's unrealistic to expect Tom to do that.
Crying is normal.
Tom has to go to school.
Tom wants a dozen eggs.
Tom was found dead in an alley.
Have you made up your mind what you're going to give Tom for his birthday?
Why are you looking at Tom?
Tom hasn't bought milk yet.
Tom hasn't seen the picture yet.
Tom hasn't translated the book yet.
When was the last time you made Tom cry?
Tom died in the priest's arms.
Did Tom say where Mary might've gone?
I didn't think that Mary was Tom's sister.
Tom gets nervous when Mary drives too fast.
I heard that Tom wants a divorce.
I heard Tom wouldn't help Mary do that.
I'm more worried about Tom now.
Tom told Mary that he'd been careful.
When Tom was a child, his family was very poor.
When Tom was a kid, his family was very poor.
Tom thought Mary might've been brainwashed.
Tom thought that Mary might've been brainwashed.
Sami wondered how Layla became a Muslim.
Sami grew up in a very small town.
Sami went to the mosque on Friday.
Sami grew up in a very religious Muslim family.
Sami grew up in the church.
The bus will leave in a few minutes.
Sami was totally in love with Islam.
Sami went to the mosque every day.
Sami went to the mosque five times a day.
Sami had everything that he really wanted.
Tom said that Mary had to go.
Sami had everything you could think of.
Sami had a house.
Sami knew there was a God.
Sami wanted something more.
Layla was praying for a Muslim man.
Layla wanted attention from a man.
Sami met someone online.
Sami and Layla still loved each other.
Sami married a Muslim girl.
Sami met a Muslim woman online.
Sami became more open with Layla.
Sami still wanted something.
Sami was still yearning for something.
Sami still wanted something else.
Sami wants to marry a Muslim woman.
Sami didn't have anything to do.
Sami studied every single religion.
Sami researched every single religion.
Sami started to research Islam.
Sami never spoke about Islam.
Sami doesn't know anything about Islam.
Sami watched YouTube videos about Islam.
Sami was addicted to studying Islam.
Sami found that so hard to describe in words.
Sami wanted to take more time to convert to Islam.
Sami opened up to his girlfriend about it.
Sami loved Islam.
Sami fell in love with Islam.
Sami was smoking, drinking... He was doing it all.
Sami dropped all his bad habits.
Layla dressed modestly.
Sami stopped everything.
Sami felt so good.
Sami helped me so much.
Sami helped Layla convert to Islam.
Sami read the Quran.
Sami felt God all the time.
Sami talks about Islam.
Sami was talking about Islam.
Sami took the shahada in Cairo.
Sami is still learning about Islam.
Sami separated himself from the negative people in his life.
Sami and Layla want to convert to Islam.
Sami and Layla were not married.
Sami and Layla weren't married.
Sami was really the change in my life.
Sami prays every day.
Sami is Muslim now.
Sami and Layla are Muslims.
Sami and Layla met a Muslim couple in Toronto.
Sami and Layla wanted to convert to Islam.
Sami believes in God.
Sami doesn't understand this.
Sami has so many misconceptions about Islam.
Sami can help you with your depression.
Sami couldn't talk to anyone about his conversion to Islam.
Sami was missing something.
Sami found his happiness in Islam.
Sami said he found his peace in Islam.
Sami made YouTube videos about Islam.
Sami wrote a book about Islam.
Sami promised himself he would read that book.
Sami took a long time to do this.
Layla is a married mother of six lovely children.
Sami originates from Egypt.
Sami wanted to know Layla's ethnicity.
Sami wanted to know Layla's background.
Layla is an Egyptian hostess.
Layla is a hijab stylist.
Layla was a makeup artist.
Sami's journey into Islam started in Egypt.
Sami was born into the Hindu religion.
Sami and Layla were both Muslim.
Sami's parents decided to have a divorce.
Sami watched his parents go through a divorce.
Sami converted to Islam when he was a teenager.
Sami had to wait for his mom.
Sami was progressing in school.
Sami went into college.
Sami was my friend.
Sami had many Muslim friends.
Sami has a Muslim friend.
Sami had a larger-than-life character.
Sami was a Muslim student.
Sami was constantly surrounded by Muslims.
Sami was intrigued by the month of Ramadan.
Sami offered food to everybody.
Sami didn't even take a bite.
Sami was so anti-Islam.
Sami was Hindu.
Sami had a Hindu tattoo on his arm.
Sami is so anti-Islam.
Sami was so anti-Islam during college.
Sami used to think like that.
Sami emotionally broke Layla.
Sami isolated himself.
Sami is Hindu.
Sami was never a library-goer.
Sami was a nerd.
Sami didn't want to speak to anyone.
Sami picked up a book about Islam in the library.
Sami wanted to read about Islam.
Sami can't even remember who the author read.
Sami made Layla feel so special.
Sami started reading the Quran.
Sami can't really remember.
Sami started reading about Islam.
Sami still didn't want to believe it.
Sami continued to read that book.
Sami and Layla were friends from kindergarten.
Sami grew up in Cairo.
Sami and Layla were friends from nursery.
Sami happened to be an Egyptian.
Sami left Islam.
Sami doesn't have contact with Layla anymore.
Sami loved being a Muslim.
Sami was carrying a book about Islam in his bag.
Sami has just converted to Islam.
Sami was falling in love with Islam.
Sami slept over at his friend's house.
Mennad slept over at his father's house.
Sami slept over at his dad's house.
Sami slept over at his mother's house.
Sami took the shahada in the mosque.
Sami was sleeping next to me.
Sami felt like it was a sign from God.
Sami happened to be the imam of a local mosque.
Sami was reciting the Quran.
Sami felt that he was doing the right thing.
Sami became a Muslim.
Sami should know Layla.
Sami enjoyed his job.
Layla wanted to find a Muslim husband.
Sami and Layla took their shahada together.
Sami had a Hindu friend.
Sami was scared of his parents' reaction.
Sami never told his parents that he had converted to Islam.
Sami's mother disowned him.
Sami disowned his daughter.
Sami became very awkward with Layla.
Sami didn't even know.
Sami found out.
Sami found out that Layla had converted to Islam.
Sami started noticing the changes.
Sami loved drinking alcohol.
Sami stopped drinking alcohol.
Sami quit drinking alcohol.
Sami quit drinking.
Sami enjoyed drinking.
Sami stopped doing this.
Sami couldn't tell his parents.
Sami was disowned by his parents.
Sami should let bygones be bygones.
Sami accepted everything.
Sami loved his grandchildren.
Sami has taken his shahada.
Sami took his shahada last week.
Sami upset his family.
Sami bumped into an old friend.
Sami lives in a beautiful village.
Sami was born into this religion.
Sami talked about the rights of women in Islam.
Sami was a motivaltional speaker?
Sami and Layla were born Muslim.
Sami was on his prayer mat.
Sami was standing on his prayer mat.
Sami's parents are Muslim.
Sami converted to Islam six months ago.
Sami converted to Islam a year ago.
Sami knows a lot about Islam.
Sami was reciting the Quran in Arabic.
Sami converted to Islam a year later.
Sami spent Ramadan alone.
Sami spends Ramadan alone.
Sami was the only Muslim in town.
Sami can't afford to get a whole new wardrobe.
Layla was wearing a Muslim headscarf.
Layla wore her Muslim headscarf so wrong.
Sami looked like a weirdo.
Sami was able to help Layla out.
Layla taught Salima how to wear her Muslim headscarf.
Sami and Layla have been Islamically married for six months now.
Sami run out of time.
Sami has a prayer rug.
Sami gave Layla a prayer rug.
Sami bought this prayer rug in Cairo.
Sami was so open-minded and accepting of everything.
Sami was listening to the Quran.
Sami was teaching me about Islam.
Layla showed Salima how to wear her Muslim headscarf.
Sami was asking Layla question.
Sami is a hypocrite.
Sami was swearing at Layla just because she was Muslim.
Sami has an abusive mentality.
Sami has gone through racism just for being Muslim.
Sami assumed Layla was an Arab.
Sami threatened to kill Layla for being Muslim.
Sami is abusive.
Sami was swearing at a Muslim girl.
Sami educated Layla about Islam.
Sami doesn't know anything about Islam and Muslims.
Sami was so uneducated.
Sami felt sorry for them.
Sami wanted to improve his faith.
Sami questioned his faith.
Sami has been a Muslim for a whole year.
Layla has a husband.
Sami knows his religion.
Sami was still learning about Islam.
Sami chose to convert to Islam.
Sami has decided to convert to Islam.
Sami and Layla have a choice.
Sami wasn't paying attention to anything else but that.
Layla wore a hijab.
Layla didn't want to be covered.
Layla decided to wear the hijab.
Sami still makes mistakes.
Sami regrets his decision.
Sami changed his mentality.
Sami had a second chance.
Sami will never stop being grateful to Layla.
Sami is going to be moving to Egypt.
Sami can't work in Egypt.
Sami needs a permit to work in Egypt.
Sami is supporting Layla.
Sami wanted help with video editing.
Sami needed some help with video editing.
Sami was capable of doing so.
Sami made bad comments about Islam.
Sami was talking about something he didn't know.
Sami grew up in a Christian family with a separated mom and dad.
Sami's mom remarried.
Sami and Layla did something wrong.
Sami was pointing at us, screaming and yelling.
Sami was a very controlling person.
Sami wasn't comfortable with this.
Sami kept asking questions.
Sami's answers made no sense.
Sami couldn't understand me anymore.
Sami was just a normal human being.
Sami drew really far away from Christianity.
Sami predented to be a Christian.
Sami wasn't believing in anything.
Sami didn't understand it at all.
Sami associated himself with a group of Muslim students.
Sami felt really depressed.
Sami felt anxious.
Sami was talking to a group of Muslim students.
Sami was having panick attacks.
Sami's depression got worse.
Sami's depression got much worse.
Sami needed some time for himself.
Sami pushed Layla off a cliff.
Sami didn't talk to me at all.
Sami was having a panick attack.
Sami was trying to escape that problem.
Sami and Layla were really scared.
Sami kept pushing on.
Sami kept pushing through.
Sami was sick of all those things that were going on in his life.
Sami ended up in a hospital.
Sami survived a heart attack.
Sami lost the trust his friends had in him.
Sami had to live with the consequences of his actions.
Sami tried to help Layla but he couldn't.
Sami believed in nothing.
Sami asked Layla why and she told him.
Sami sent Layla a video link.
Sami will answer that very question.
Sami answered the question logically and simply.
Sami felt pure happiness.
Sami and Layla would watch videos together.
Sami answered my question.
Sami had the same questions as I had.
Sami took the shahada in the privacy of his own room.
Sami watched videos about Islam.
Sami was watching videos with Layla.
Sami flew all the way from Egypt to Canada to teach Layla about Islam.
Sami converted to Islam during college.
Sami helped Layla through her sickness.
Sami learned so much more about Islam.
Sami and Layla loved to do this.
Sami sat down with Layla.
Sami and Layla should get married.
Sami and Layla decided to get married as soon as they could.
Sami decided to marry Layla as soon as he could.
Sami and Layla went to the mosque.
Sami and Layla were married by an imam in a mosque.
Sami ignored everything.
Sami made Layla a happier person.
Sami understands what he has to do.
Sami has better morals now.
Sami solved all my problems.
Sami has asked me about this.
Sami doesn't really like talking about his past.
Sami told Layla how he became a Muslim.
Sami wanted to know how Layla's parents reacted to her conversion to Islam.
Sami is going to talk to you about Islam.
Sami is going to talk to you about his conversion to Islam.
Sami sent a text to his parents saying that he had converted to Islam.
Sami thought Layla was just joking.
Sami texted Layla to come downstairs.
Sami is here for you.
Sami used to call people to Islam.
Sami used to call people to Christianity.
Sami believed in Jesus.
Sami was very passionate about that.
Sami wanted to be a good person.
Sami will be prepared for that.
Sami came to Islam.
Sami made business.
Sami worked hard to tell people about Jesus.
Sami worked hard to make money.
Sami worked more.
Sami needed to work more.
Sami used to have a very bad picture about Islam and Muslims.
Sami met a person who made him know more about Islam.
Aart considered all Muslims as terrorists.
Sami had a very bad opinion about Islam.
Sami had no idea about how to convert to Islam.
Sami started doing business with a person from Egypt.
Sami wore a long tunic.
Sami thought that all Muslims wore tunics.
Sami met a man from Egypt.
Sami looked as normal as anybody.
Sami didn't have any hair.
Sami was a really nice person.
Sami helped Layla to convert to Islam.
Sami wanted to convert Layla to become a Christian.
Sami wanted to convert Layla to Islam.
Sami is Muslim himself.
Sami would pray five times a day.
Sami prays five times a day.
Sami would pray every day.
Sami came back to us.
Sami worked even on Saturday.
Sami will be back in two hours.
Sami drove to the mosque.
Sami had to take two hours off.
Sami worked six days a week.
Sami liked to fast on Mondays and Thursdays.
Sami is fasting.
Sami's honesty was in business.
Sami was an honest man.
Sami wanted to make sure that Layla was happy.
Sami wanted to make Layla a Christian.
Sami is so sweet and nice.
Sami was trying to convert Layla to Christianity.
Sami has a Bible.
Sami has a different Bible.
Sami wanted to bring a Bible to the meeting.
Sami sat there, quiet.
Sami had another idea.
Sami started talking about God.
Sami couldn't explain Trinity.
Sami doesn't understand Trinity.
Sami's argument was so strong.
Sami knows that Layla knows that he knows.
Sami knows that Layla knows that he converted to Islam.
Sami asked Layla how she felt about being a Muslim.
Sami was so involved in Christianity that he believed it was everything.
Sami found serious mistakes in the Bible.
Sami had doubts about the Bible.
Sami talked about this subject.
Sami talked about Islam.
Sami followed Jesus.
Sami followed Christ.
Sami didn't say he was a Christian.
Sami started changing things.
Sami's book has some mistakes.
Sami wasn't very impressed.
Sami hasn't heard anything about Islam.
Sami hasn't met any Muslims.
Sami wanted to meet Muslims.
Sami wanted to meet a Muslim woman.
Sami believes in Adam, Abraham, Isaac, Ishmael, Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad.
Sami believes in Jesus but not as a son of God.
Sami could speak.
Sami believes this.
Sami believes in Muhammad.
Sami believes in Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Sami is the son of Layla.
Sami is Layla's son.
Sami doesn't have a son.
Sami was not uploading videos.
Sami promised Layla a box of chocolates from Paris.
Sami has the right to talk about this.
Sami has to deal with it.
Sami never talks about that.
Sami started at his first high school in September 2006.
Sami took ceramics.
Sami took ceramics that year.
Sami is very bad at art.
Sami remembered seeing that boy.
Sami already looked like he was a junior or a senior.
Sami had black curly hair.
Sami doesn't know what prompted Layla to do this.
Sami was an awkward person.
Sami didn't know how to start a convo.
Sami did not know how to start a convo.
Sami and Layla are talking about homework.
Sami never, ever talked to Layla.
Sami and Layla have the same lunch period.
Sami had lunch with them.
Sami sees me as more than a friend.
Sami and Layla were talking more and more.
 .
Sami made friends with other first-year students.
Sami made friends with other first-years.
You can't undress a naked man.
We are Swabians. That justifies everything.
Sami kind of felt bad for Layla.
Sami didn't come from the best of backgrounds.
Sami needs to pay his bills.
Sami always worked.
A magnet contains iron.
Sami's home was basically our second home.
Sami lives in Grandma's house.
Sami loved being with Grandma all the time.
Sami must have been a pirate in a past life.
Sami stayed there until he was sixteen.
Sami always went to see his grandma.
Sami couldn't take Layla away from her mother.
Sami worked his ass off to raise his kids.
Sami was thinking about moving.
Sami saw Layla's reaction.
Sami was going to see a house.
Sami's house was right around the corner from our house.
Sami got in trouble sometimes.
It cannot be difficult; otherwise, women could not do it.
When I get bored, I just contradict my wife.
If you're talking about us, we're not tired.
If you mean us, we're not tired.
In Brazil, the pronoun "voc" is the casual way of saying "you", whilst in Portugal it's used in more formal contexts to denote courteousness.
I went to have a pee.
Sit now at the table, and wait in the room until I come back.
What shall I do in the meantime?
I have learnt it already, Master.
I have learnt it already.
I have no playmates.
Will you give me one pen?
That is enough for me.
I will make haste.
Hurry then, don't get in the way of my studies.
Make haste, lest you hinder my study.
Have you seen my book?
What book are you looking for?
I left it at school.
That was your mistake.
How much are you asking for?
I will buy paper, and other things that I need.
What if you lose it?
What does he do there?
He dodged a knock.
If a landslide happens, it will cause many deaths.
What's this thingamabob?
The hyena will soon be exterminated in our country.
Goodbye to you as well.
Many animals are extinct in the world.
He pees in bed.
The forest was burnt.
I am truly very glad, for your sake and his, that he has returned from abroad safely.
His house collapsed under the weight of people living in it.
Let us go to hear the lesson.
In what way are we gluttons?
Because you devour in one meal what was given for three.
Our village is drowned in garbage.
Get thee to a nunnery.
How long has your mother been ill? About two weeks.
Yesterday I went into the country with my uncle.
They hoped to make a quick buck.
They hoped they would make a fast profit.
Those who trust themselves to the sea are insane!
What did the passengers do in the meantime?
Some did nothing other than vomit.
A certain Englishman was there, who promised mountains of gold to the maid of Walsingham, if he touched land alive.
There were some girls everywhere, laughing, being wanton, playing: of their own accord they asked us if we had any dirty laundry, they washed and returned them.
Well this will be the last act of the play.
This will be the last act of the play.
It is barely believable.
But I tell you things I know very well.
Will you take right and true advice?
We seemed then to be all of the same age.
Years do not wait, no matter how much men may wait.
I'm reading his books.
I'm reading her books.
What time is iftar?
How much time is left for iftar?
Sami woke up for suhoor.
Sami performed ghusl.
Sami performed wudu.
Sami performed ablution.
Sami renewed his ablution.
A storm knocks down trees.
Sami set his alarm to wake up for the dawn prayer.
Sami performed ablution for the evening prayer.
Sami performed the noon prayer with Fadil.
Sami performed the afternoon prayer behind Fadil.
Sami usually performs the isha prayer just before going to bed.
Sami usually performs prayers in congregation.
Sami came to the mosque before the adhan.
Sami recited the adhan.
Sami read a juz' of the Quran.
Sami read the whole Quran in Ramadan.
Sami memorized a surah.
Sami entered ihram.
Sami was circumcised at the age of 6.
Sami was fingering his prayer beads.
Sami gave zakat to Fadil.
Among the most notable flowers, at the start of Spring, are the Violet, the Crow-tree, the Daffodil, then the Lilies, white and yellow, and blue; and Clove-gillow flowers, and so on.
The Tulip is a graceful flower but has no scent.
Of these Garlands and Nosegays are tied round with twigs. There are also sweet herbs added such as Marjoram, Flowergentle, Rue, Lavender, Rosemary, Hysop, Spike, Basil, Sage, Mints and so on.
Among field flowers the most noted are the May Lily, the Ground Ivy, the Bluebottle, Camomile and so on; and among herbs, Trefoil, Wormwood, Sorrel, the Nettle and so forth.
Pot herbs grow in gardens, such as lettuce, cabbage, onions, garlic, gourd, parsnip, turnip, radish, horse radish, parsley, cucumbers and pumpkin.
Elsewhere, are the rose, Bastard Corinths, the Elder and the Juniper. Also the vine, which puts out branches and tendrils, vine leaves and bunches of grapes, on the stalk of which are grapes, which contain grape stones.
I thought it was common knowledge.
An animal lives, senses, moves itself; is born, dies, is nourished and grows; stands or sits, or lies or paces.
I don't like strong-willed women.
Tom says Mary has never seen John swim.
Neither Tom nor Mary has jeans on.
Tom is shy and awkward.
Tom's parents vetoed his summer plans.
Tom's parents live in a mansion.
Tom's bruises were barely visible.
Tom won't let Mary have her way.
Tom will stop at nothing to achieve his goal.
Tom and I just weren't meant to be together.
We just weren't meant to be together.
Maybe we just weren't meant to be together.
Maybe Tom and Mary just weren't meant to be together.
Tom is thirteen, but he still believes in Santa.
Tom repeated the word several times.
Could we talk about this later?
If there's something bothering you, we can talk about it.
If there's something bothering you, you need to tell me.
Tom refused to comment on the issue.
Tom showed the letter to me.
Tom tried to hide what was really going on.
Tom tried to sneak into the nightclub.
Tom uses a potter's wheel.
Tom was bullied by his classmates.
Tom was killed with a tire iron.
Tom watched in fascination.
Tom has always been there for me whenever I needed him.
Can you make out why he won't go with us?
Do you know which room the meeting will be held in?
I've never seen this many people in a photograph of the same rainbow.
I have never seen the same rainbow photographed by this many people.
The executioner is responsible for doing the dirty work.
I'd rather be hanged than be a hangman.
Greens and vegetables grow in gardens, such as lettuce, cabbage, onions, garlic, gourd, parsnip, turnip, radish, horse radish, parsley, cucumbers and pumpkin.
Among field flowers the most noted are the May Lily, the Ground Ivy, the Cornflower, camomile and so on; and among herbs, Trefoil, Wormwood, Sorrel, the Nettle and so forth.
Tom is the perfect scapegoat.
Am I from Mexico?
The main disadvantage of alcohol is the lack of alcohol.
Are you a kid?
Is he a man?
Is she a woman?
He is a boy from Mexico.
She is a girl, not a woman.
She is a woman, not a girl.
He is a man, she is a woman.
She is a girl, she is a woman.
She is not a woman.
He is not a boy.
You are a woman, she is a girl.
Are you a girl?
Are you a kid from Mexico?
He is a boy, isn't he?
You are a man, aren't you?
You are not from Mexico, are you?
You are a boy, not a girl.
You are a man, not a boy.
Tom doesn't know how to use the computer.
Tom doesn't know how to write with the computer.
Today, we are going to barbecue in the courtyard of my house.
Dis ahhh.
The bird, (this Kingfisher, nesting in the Sea) is covered with feathers, wings, flies with two wings, has two pinions, and as many pedida, a tail, and a bill. The Female, in a nest, lays eggs, and incubating those, hatches chicks.
The Swallow, the Sparrow, the Jay, the Jackdaw and the Bat (Flittermouse) fly around the house.
The Stork nests on the roof.
The beautiful Peacock, proud of its feathers.
The Cock (which crows in the morning) has a comb and spurs; when castrated, is called a capon and is crammed in a Coop.
The Hen scrapes the dunghill and picks up grains, as does the Pigeon, (which are brought into the Pidgeonhouse) and the Turkey, with its Turkey-hen.
The egg is covered with shell, under which is the white and within this the egg yolk.
My friend is writing a doctoral thesis on developing visual perceptual skills in children with learning disabilities.
In the past, there used to be a blacksmith in our village.
In the past, there used to be gardens in our village.
The Nightingal singeth the sweetliest of all.
The Nightingale sings the sweetest of all.
The Lark sings as it flies in the air, the Quail sitting on the ground; others, on the boughs of trees, such as: the Canary, the Chaffinch, the Goldfinch, the Siskin, the Linner, the little Titmouse, the Woodwall, the Robin Redbreast, the Hedge Sparrow and so on.
The many coloured Parrot, the Blackbird, the Starling, with the Magpie and the Jay, learn to form men's words. A great many are put in cages.
The Ostrich is the largest bird, the Wren the smallest; the Owl is the most despicable; the Hoopoe the most dirty (as it eats dung); the Bird of Paradise is most rare.
Do you still not know?
Maria is Spanish.
They were not right.
He likes this.
How many of us will there be?
What sort of soup is this?
But what else did you say?
This is not the same.
Are you buying something?
On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
Now there is nothing else we can do.
The king was unjust to the people.
I do not know what to buy her for her birthday.
In the restaurant they served boiled potatoes on the side.
She is as skinny as a toothpick.
I found no mistakes.
I did nothing strange.
He sees the world through rose tinted glasses.
Please do not interrupt.
Do not make a scene here.
The firefighters could not contain the blaze.
Your father lets you do anything but I will not.
"Name day" is unknown in many countries but in Hungary it is an important family celebration.
I feel good in my own skin.
My grandfather was a communist.
Two worked and the others watched them.
He did not say exactly that but that was the essence of it.
The lady's state of mind has changed.
Should I put all the meat in the soup?
If everyone likes you, you're doing it wrong.
Here is my house.
Here is my room.
Here are my sons.
Here are my daughters.
I only had a cursory look at it.
Tom? I don't know him.
Teach your son maths.
Blackberries are ripe when they become black.
Tom had a seizure.
Tom is strikingly good-looking.
I'd rather be hanged than a hangman.
They say that foxes are more cunning than any other animals.
We return to Australia on October 20th.
I'll return to Australia on October 20th.
Tom and Mary celebrated their 30th wedding anniversary on October 20th.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all born on October 20, 2013.
The meeting Tom was talking about was held on October 20th.
Tom and Mary said they hoped to be back by October 20th.
Remember that we have a meeting on October 20th at 2:30.
If I remember correctly, Tom's birthday is October 20th.
Tom got out of prison on October 20th three years ago.
I'll never forget what happened on October 20, 2013.
Our next meeting will be held next on October 20th.
Tom said that he hoped to be back by October 20th.
Tom was executed on October 20th three years ago.
Tom moved into his new apartment on October 20th.
Tom has been working here since October 20, 2013.
Three years ago, I was in Boston on October 20th.
Where were you on the evening of October 20th?
I took this picture in Boston on October 20th.
Tom started working here on October 20, 2013.
Tom said he hoped to be back by October 20th.
Tom has been working here since October 20th.
The ceremony will take place on October 20th.
That took place on the twentieth of October.
Tom was born on October 20, in Boston.
This ticket is valid through October 20th.
I was in Boston last year on October 20th.
Tom and Mary got married on October 20th.
Tom finished doing that on October 20th.
I'll arrive on the twentieth of October.
Tom died on October 20th in Boston.
There'll be no classes on October 20th.
Tom was convicted on October 20, 2013.
Tom got out of prison on October 20th.
Our store will reopen on October 20th.
I took these picture on October 20th.
Tom's trial started on October 20th.
It's better to try and fail, than never try at all.
It's better to have tried and failed than never to have tried at all.
You know how stubborn he can be.
You know how stubborn she can be.
You know how stubborn Tom can be.
Tom can be really stubborn.
I don't think Tom is as stubborn as Mary is.
I don't think Tom is as stubborn as Mary.
Tom isn't as stubborn as Mary.
Tom isn't as stubborn as Mary is.
Tom was found dead on October 20th.
Tom went to Boston on October 20th.
Tom will be buried on October 20th.
Tom got out of jail on October 20th.
Andreas is my name.
I teach.
Maria is a strange woman.
Tom was in Boston on October 20th.
We'll talk to Tom on October 20th.
Where will you be on October 20th?
I'll arrive on the 20th of October.
The party was held on October 20th.
Today is the twentieth of October.
I've been here since October 20th.
I moved to Boston on October 20th.
I got out of jail on October 20th.
We won't know until October 20th.
We met on October 20th last year.
Tom was born on October 20, 2013.
Today's the twentieth of October.
Let's meet again on October the 20th.
I'll arrive on October the twentieth.
I was in Boston on October 20th.
Where were you on October 20th?
I was born on October 20, 2013.
What happened on October 20th?
Tom was fired on October 20th.
Today is Monday, October 20th.
That happened on October 20th.
I got married on October 20th.
Tom starts work October 20th.
Tom got here on October 20th.
Today is the 20th of October.
We did that on October 20th.
Tom was killed October 20th.
Tom died in October of 2013.
Today's the 20th of October.
It happened on October 20th.
I'll arrive on October 20th.
Today is October twentieth.
It's October the twentieth.
The child had to urinate.
What a cute baby. How old is he?
We sang the Esperanto anthem together.
I have to go back to the shop to exchange a dress that does not suit me.
Do not talk so much to the mechanics.
He did not drown in the pool.
The moon always shows its same side to earth.
Let me think it over for a little bit.
First clean it, smear it with a little oil, and put it back.
I adore my grandchildren.
They are not investigating further.
Have you always had a good job?
Mria turned the garage into an office.
I need a little rest, then we can go.
Tom thought the amulet would one day protect him from witches.
This vacuum cleaner is awfully loud.
There is no more fantastic woman in the world than you.
I'll leave on October 20th.
Today's October twentieth.
Tom quit on October 20th.
Tom left on October 20th.
October 20th is a Monday.
It's the 20th of October.
We left on October 20th.
Today's October 20th.
Today is October 20th.
It's October 20th.
I'll arrive on October twentieth.
What happened to Jamal Khashoggi?
Dihyia gave a correction to Uqba.
A storm throweth down Trees.
The trees are knocked down by the storm.
Sami has turned sixteen today.
Sami's phone screen is shattered.
Sami's phone screen was fully shattered.
Sami recorded a video.
Sami accidentally deleted the video.
Sami recorded the video and edited it.
Sami edited the video on Layla's computer.
Sami has a lot to say.
Sami wanted Layla to understand what was happening.
Sami went through that process.
Sami grew up as a Christian.
Sami's mother wasn't even Christian herself.
Sami read the Bible.
Sami was a Christian as a child.
Sami loved God.
Sami had a lot of questions about Christianity.
Sami was such a nerd.
Sami can't believe something without evidence.
Sami feels he can't be a Christian anymore.
Sami is gonna go back to square one.
Sami is going to go back to square one.
Sami believes in scientific fact.
Sami believes in Allah.
Sami was Christian.
Sami is not a Christian.
Sami isn't a Christian.
Sami is not a believer.
Sami isn't a believer.
Sami is not convinced by that.
Sami doesn't believe in anything.
Sami prefers to be called Sam.
Sami doesn't believe in a creator.
Sami used to be a teacher.
Sami is retired now.
Sami is an atheist.
Sami is doing well today.
Sami is interested to know how Layla converted to Islam.
Sami also attended Sunday school and he loved it.
Sami attended church every Sunday and he loved it.
Sami confessed his sins to be forgiven by God.
Sami found that very embarrassing.
Sami moved to a little town called Mecca, Ohio.
Sami got involved with a church.
Sami was so devoted to God.
Sami started to attend church.
Sami read the Bible every single day.
Sami read a few things in the Bible that were questionable to him.
Sami joined a Bible debate team.
Sami wanted to go there more.
Sami stopped Layla from going to church.
Sami wasn't allowed to do this.
Sami's world started spiralling down.
Sami was interested in Satanism.
Sami was attracted by Satanism.
Sami's life has gotten so out of control.
Sami felt like he was in hell already.
Sami got down on his knees and started praying.
Sami met his neighbor down the hall.
Sami told me his story.
Sami was not Muslim.
Sami stopped drinking and his life improved.
Sami got closer to God.
Sami was too involved in an illicit relationship.
Sami was trying to treat people with respect.
Sami's life was better.
Sami's life was getting a lot worse.
Sami wanted a clean startover.
Sami moved into that place with a friend.
Sami didn't have that many friends at the time.
Sami started to feel better about his life.
Sami was looking for friends.
Sami didn't want to be alone completely.
Sami continued talking to Layla.
Sami has never talked to a Muslim before.
Tom lives in a retirement community.
Sami was very interested in this girl.
Sami was happy with his life.
Tom visited Mary at her retirement community.
Sami never tried to make any moves on Layla.
Sami never tried to kiss Layla.
Tom and Mary moved into a retirement community.
Sami didn't try to kiss Layla.
Sami's parents were the most hospitable people that I had ever met in my life.
Sami did believe in God.
Sami was praying to God every single day.
Sami didn't want to pray to Jesus to get to God.
Sami should listen to this.
Sami prayed to God.
Sami forgave us.
Sami knows a lot of Christians.
Sami never talked to me about Islam.
Sami continued to see that girl.
Layla continued to see that guy.
Sami would listen to that guy's CD's for hours.
Sami wasn't a perfect person at that time.
Sami said that Islam is a beautiful religion.
Sami was secretly studying Islam.
Sami wanted to become Muslim.
The voice in Tom's head narrates his life.
Sami had a relationship outside of marriage.
Sami never pressured Layla to become Muslim at all.
The voice in Tom's head narrates his life using sentences from Tatoeba.
Sami became a new person.
Sami sent Layla horrible videos about Islam.
Don't worry, that confidentiality agreement will never hold up in court.
Sami ended up taking his shahada and converting to Islam.
Layla didn't wear the hijab.
Sami was very disappointed in Layla.
Sami tried to explain to his parents why he converted to Islam.
Sami has responsibilities towards his family.
Sami wouldn't trade his life now for anything.
Sami has become Muslim.
Sami's life is wonderful.
Sami's camera stopped recording.
Sami apologized to his viewers.
Sami is a Muslim now.
Sami doesn't believe Jesus was the son of God.
Sami worships God alone.
Sami loves being Muslim.
Sami respects his parents.
I pity you.
Sami wanted to peacefully coexist with Christians.
Sami googled Islam.
Sami does this on purpose.
Sami and Layla are new Muslims.
Sami was born in Toronto, Ontario.
Sami is not going to do anything with that.
Sami was raised as a Catholic.
Sami became a priest.
Sami became Muslim in 2006.
Sami heard a very loud voice.
Sami closed his eyes and went back to sleep.
Sami heard a voice.
Sami used to read the Quran.
Sami stopped reading the Quran.
Sami turned the light on.
Sami began to read the Quran.
Sami went to sleep in his room.
Sami's biggest concern was his family.
Sami didn't discuss this with his wife.
Sami didn't talk to me about this.
He met me when I came.
Sami didn't talk to his wife about his conversion to Islam.
Sami believes in Islam.
Sami should listen to that voice and follow it.
Sami must be a lunatic.
Sami is nearly sixty years old now.
Sami is nearly now.
Sami is nearly sixty now.
Sami is Catholic.
Sami came to Egypt on the 1st of Ramadan.
Sami heard this voice.
Sami wondered what that guy was saying.
Sami is interested in the Quran.
Sami was working with Muslims.
Sami started to ask simple questions.
Sami wasn't overly excited about that.
Sami converted to Islam in the mid-sixties.
Sami lives in a country full of Muslims.
Sami lives in a Muslim country.
Sami lived in a Muslim-majority country.
Sami is gonna try this.
Sami is going to try this.
Sami drank a few cups of tea.
Sami wanted to fast.
Sami gave Layla her first Quran.
Sami and Layla sat down to have dinner.
Sami wanted to know what Layla meant by that.
Sami has read the Quran.
Sami studied the life of Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Sami started asking questions about Islam.
Sami kept asking his questions.
Sami kept asking questions about Islam.
Sami answered Layla's questions.
Sami needs to take that step.
Sami embraced Islam in a mosque in Cairo.
Sami is a good father.
Sami is the wisest dad in the world.
Sami shouldn't be scared.
Sami miraculously survived.
Sami has been a Muslim for six years.
Sami is from Egyptian stock.
Sami's mother is Catholic.
Sami didn't have any religious upbringing at all.
Sami lived his life as he saw fit.
Sami was free.
Sami and Layla were free.
Sami ran away from home at the age of sixteen.
Sami left school at the age of sixteen.
Sami's mom doesn't like him anymore.
Sami left home.
Sami started traveling a lot.
Sami started broadening his horizons.
Sami asked so many questions.
Sami kept asking questions about the Quran.
Sami read books on philosphy.
Sami reads books on religion.
Sami didn't know what Islam was.
Sami didn't know who God was.
Sami asked simple questions.
Sami started doing Buddhist meditation for a few months.
Sami happened to be black.
Sami tried to answer the question.
Sami is confused.
Sami started reading that book but he couldn't understand it.
Sami was reading Tolstoi.
Sami couldn't understand that book.
Sami continued doing his Buddhist meditation.
Sami did tai chi for six years.
Sami went to Cairo University.
Sami was away from his family for the first time in his life.
Sami was away from his family.
Sami was trying to find out the truth.
Sami didn't want to talk about religion.
Sami went to an Islamic center.
Sami and Layla argued about religion.
Sami wanted to know how to purify himself as a Muslim.
Sami believed in Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Sami has been reading the Quran.
Sami started getting the answers for those questions.
Sami couldn't sleep at night.
Sami was reading those books.
Sami is gonna fast today.
Sami is going to fast today.
Sami started fasting that day.
Sami removed his blindfold.
Sami was able to think clearly.
Sami is fasting today.
Sami and Layla are fasting.
Sami did that sincerely.
Sami hasn't taken the shahada or the declaration of faith.
Sami felt he wasn't ready to take the shahada.
Sami reads the Quran all the time.
Sami started looking for a mosque.
Sami wanted to embrace Islam.
Sami was quite surprised.
Sami has been washing the whole night.
Sami felt very relieved.
Sami doesn't even know what that is.
Sami wanted to retrace Layla's journey.
Sami needed to travel thousands of miles.
Sami has already introduced himself.
Sami was a parking attendant.
Sami was praying in the parking lot.
Sami is not a Muslim.
Sami isn't a Muslim.
Sami doesn't need to explain anything.
Sami worshipped God.
Sami worshipped Allah.
Sami wanted to find the purpose of life.
Sami has always liked to learn about Islam.
Sami worshipped God through his music.
Sami grew up as a Muslim.
Sami doesn't believe in God.
Sami was fascinated by Islam.
Sami worshipped a pagan deity.
Sami embraced Islam six years ago.
Sami converted to Islam in 2006.
Sami is as Egyptian as you can get.
Sami moved house.
Sami and Layla stopped going to church.
Sami wanted to know more about religion.
Sami's faith faded away.
Sami's faith started to fade away.
Sami did a training.
Sami and Layla had the same issues.
Sami did a six-week residential training course.
Sami resided in a hotel.
Sami went into the bar.
Sami wasn't drinking.
Sami wondered why Layla wasn't drinking.
Sami doesn't drink because he's Muslim.
Sami didn't mix with Muslims.
Sami found himself gravitating towards that person.
Sami and Layla don't know anything about Islam.
Sami has lived here all his life.
Sami is an amazing individual.
Sami said that Jesus is not God.
Sami said that Jesus isn't God.
Sami and Layla kept in touch after the course.
Sami asked question after question.
Sami hasn't done this since last week.
Sami hasn't updated the website since last week.
Sami knows me.
Sami likes this type of video.
Sami posted videos every Saturday.
Sami and Layla want a dog.
Sami's dog shat on the sidewalk.
Sami got a fine.
Sami is not afraid of bugs.
Sami is not afraid of big bugs.
Sami's dog was very loyal.
Sami wanted a medium-size dog.
Sami hated Layla's chihuahua.
Sami was looking everywhere for a chihuahua.
Sami had a husky.
Sami and Layla have a husky.
Sami has a pitbull and Layla, a husky.
Sami has a pet store.
Sami bought Layla a husky.
Sami wanted a Shiba Inu.
Sami bought Layla a Shiba Inu.
Sami drove to Cairo to see Layla's Shiba Inu.
Sami went to a pet store.
Sami bought his cat from a pet store.
Sami bought his Shiba Inu from that pet store.
Sami's Shiba Inu was stolen.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's Shiba Inu.
Sami's dog is a Shiba Inu.
Sami's Shiba Inu looked very old.
Sami just ignored Layla.
He stabbed him with a knife.
Sami was at a pet store.
Sami always wanted a French bulldog.
He killed him with a gun.
Sami felt fucking bad.
Sami's dog had respiratory issues.
Sami saw a French bulldog.
Sami had a Pomeranian.
Sami's dog is so quiet.
Sami's dog screamed.
Sami's dog got heard.
Sami's dog was so cute.
Sami loved Layla's pomsky.
Sami's dog was sound asleep.
Sami wanted to buy a pomsky.
Sami sold his pomsky for six thousand dollars.
Sami has never seen anybody with a pomsky.
Sami's dog was over my budget.
Sami's Shiba Inu was over my budget.
Sami heard barking in the background.
Sami wanted to sell his Shiba Inu.
Sami's dog was over Layla's budget.
Sami got free food for his dog.
Sami bought shampoo for his dog.
Sami bought some toys for his dog.
Sami's Shiba Inu has sensitive skin.
Sami loves Layla's Shiba Inu.
Sami's Shiba Inu is very expensive.
Sami bought a very expensive dog.
Sami didn't make a comment about that.
Sami posted pictures of his Shiba Inu on Facebook.
Sami hates huge dogs.
Sami's dog was playing with Layla.
Sami really likes this dog.
Sami wanted a male dog.
Sami found a cat under his car.
Sami was walking all over the place.
Sami is interested in this dog.
Sami wants to sell his Shiba Inu.
Sami filled the paperwork out.
Sami bought the dog with his credit card.
Sami's dog costs half of what you make in a month.
Sami's Shiba Inu costs what Layla makes in six months.
Sami was looking at Layla's Shiba Inu.
Sami knows everything about Shiba Inu dogs.
Sami didn't allow Layla's children to touch his dog.
Sami's dog is dangerous.
Sami's pitbull is dangerous.
Sami was attacked by a pitbull.
Sami was a store employee.
Sami brought his dog home.
Sami's dog needed to eat.
Sami's dog was eating its own poop.
Sami is playing with my dog.
Sami moved to the front of the room.
Sami got his dog washed up.
Sami's dog was in the backyard.
Sami was staring at Layla playing with the dog.
Sami was just playing with the dog.
Sami was trying to be polite.
Sami was trying to be patient.
Sami doesn't care what Layla likes.
Sami was playing with my dog.
Sami was holding Layla's dog.
Sami filled out more paperwork.
Sami left that place.
Sami held Layla's dog.
Sami talked under his breath.
Sami is loud as fuck.
Sami took his dog.
Sami's dog eats peanuts.
Sami was my first grandson.
Layla was my first granddaughter.
Layla brushed my hair and it hurt me so much.
Sami's hair was very curly.
Sami hated having his hair brushed.
Sami brushed his hair by himself.
Sami's mom had to go to work.
Sami spent the night at his grandma's.
Sami is not a morning person at all.
Sami is making matters worse.
Sami started running around the house.
Sami's dog started running around the house.
Layla didn't want Salima brushing her teeth.
Sami's son threw a tantrum.
Sami was acting crazy with his aunt.
Sami needs to brush his hair.
Layla was brushing her hair.
Layla was brushing her hair to detangle it.
Layla wanted to detangle her hair.
Sami was not listening.
Sami smacked me right in my face.
Sami smacked Layla right on the cheek.
Sami's aunt has never hit him before.
Sami stopped breathing.
Sami felt so hurt.
Sami was in sixth grade.
Sami saw it, too.
Sami wondered why Layla's face was red.
Sami's teacher let him go to the bathroom.
Sami went into the toilet stall and peed.
Sami seemed really concerned.
Sami had a mark on his face.
Sami smacked Layla.
Sami's face was red.
Sami smacked me in the face.
Sami came from a abusive room.
Sami saw that huge red mark on Layla's face.
Sami's mom was crazy.
Sami got so mad.
Sami is calling his mom.
Sami marched his little ass straight to the principal's office.
Sami saw the mark on Layla's face.
Sami is trying to call his mom.
Sami heard me crying.
Sami's face is all red.
Sami is just so pissed.
Sami isn't allowed to discipline my kids.
Sami's mom was pissed.
Sami said that he fell.
Sami will be the one picking Layla up from school.
Sami was always working.
Sami could still see the faint mark on Layla's face.
Sami turned on the radio.
Sami knew his mom was pissed.
Sami got his daughter out of the car.
Sami always has a key to Layla's house.
Sami used his key.
Sami sat right there.
Sami heard a thud.
Sami was being smacked in his face.
Sami smacked his sister in the face.
Sami pulled Layla by the hair, put her up against the wall and smacked her in the face.
Sami was an extremely violent husband.
Sami was an extremely abusive husband.
Sami went to jail for savagely beating his wife.
Sami savagely beat his daughter.
Sami's house was small but it was big for us.
Sami's house was very small.
Mennad's house was built in 1906.
Sami could hear each footstep that anybody would make throughout the house.
Sami wanted to go to the kitchen.
Sami shat in the basement.
Sami snuck into the kitchen without his grandma knowing.
Sami's grandma was sleeping.
Sami's grandma had a sewing machine.
Sami was in the middle of the room.
Sami crept out of his bed.
Sami knew how to navigate through that entire house without being heard.
Sami's scissors were metal from top to bottom.
Sami's scissors were really sharp.
Sami's scissors were sharp and long.
Sami saw Layla sleeping on the bed.
Sami had scissors in his hand.
Sami cut Layla's hair off.
Sami told his daugther to brush her teeth.
Sami was still eating his breakfast.
Sami took Layla to a burger place.
Sami took Layla to an ice cream place.
Sami cut his daughter's hair.
Sami smacked Layla back for smacking him.
Sami smacked Layla and she smacked him back.
Sami had those scissors right in Layla's face.
Sami didn't realize how dangerous that was.
Sami treated me so different.
Sami was almost scared of Layla.
Sami cut his daughter's hair off.
Sami doesn't remember getting up int he middle of the night.
Sami doesn't have any memory of actually doing that.
Sami was scared of Layla.
Sami had scissors all over the house.
Sami had guns all over his house.
Sami was able to get throughout the house without anybody hearing him.
Sami was so nonchalant about it.
Sami wasn't recording.
Sami was that crazy little boy.
Have you ever seen the Alps?
Those mountains are molehills, if compared with the waves of the sea. As often as we were lifted up high, one might have touched the moon with a finger. As often as we were let down, we seemed to descend directly into hell, the earth gaping.
Tom invited all his friends to his birthday party.
I don't know who to invite to my party.
I don't know who to invite to the party.
Tom didn't know who to invite to his birthday party.
The last thing you want is for your friends to be bored at the party.
Tom planned a surprise birthday party for his wife.
Tom planned a surprise birthday party for Mary.
Mary planned a surprise birthday party for her husband.
Mary planned a surprise birthday party for Kate.
Tom is planning a big surprise birthday party for Mary.
Everyone kept the surprise birthday party for Tom a secret.
Mary baked a small cake.
Mary baked a big cake.
Preparations for the party were nearly complete.
What do you say we plan a surprise party for Tom?
Tom donned his party hat.
Tom put on his party hat.
Tom put on a pointy party hat.
Tom put on a silly party hat.
Mary put the icing on the cake.
Tom can do a great impression of all the teachers.
He's making fun of us.
He hurt me.
Mary made some Halloween cookies.
It was thoroughly enjoyable.
It was a moonlit night, and one of the sailors stood upon the round top; as I think they call it; he looked around to see if he could see any land.
You led.
I found a wallet in the street and gave it back to its owner.
A chill ran down her body when she saw the soldier's wound.
Shorten your text.
Correct your sentences.
This and I are brothers.
This and that are my sisters.
This and that are my brothers.
You better not eat that pear if you have diabetes.
They seek the shortest way.
They look for the shortest way.
God was testing Sami.
That really is communal living.
God tested Sami's faith.
One there combs his bead, another wipes off sweat, another cleans his winter shoes or boots, another belches up garlick.
There is no less confusion there of tongues and persons, than formerly in the tower of Babel.
There is no less confusion of languages and people there, than there was in the tower of Babel.
In Rome, Paris and Venice, nobody wonders at anything.
A: When now it is far in the evening, and no more are expeted to come, an old servant comes out with a hoary beard, shorn head, grim look, mean cloaths. B: It behoved such to be cup-bearers to the Roman cardinals.
A: Now when it is far into the evening, and no more are expeted to arrive, an old servant comes out with a hoary beard, shorn head, grim look, dirty clothing. B: This kind often like to be cup-bearers to the Roman cardinals.
For now I omit garlick belches, and the blast of the belly, stinking breaths: there are many, who are troubled with secret diseases, and every distemper has its infection.
For now I omit the garlic belches, and the blast of wind, stinking breaths: there are many who are troubled by secret diseases, and every disease has its infection.
Certainly most have the Spanish pox, or, as some call it, the French, tho it be common to all nations.
Certainly most have the Spanish pox, or, as some call it, the French, although it is common to all nations.
For there is no difference betwixt a poor man and a rich, betwixt a master and a servant.
For there is no difference between a poor man and a rich man, or between a master and a servant.
The tram network is being extended.
The streetcar network is being extended.
Bananas are an excellent source of potassium.
Carrot or banana?
Get him in the car!
Are these your car keys?
You're not Japanese.
This is asparagus soup.
You can't fall asleep.
That weekend I went skiing.
I'm not selling the horses.
The horse from the cemetery is dead.
Did you ever hear of the Ice Age?
Trees make oxygen.
This guy needs oxygen.
You could be our next millionaire.
He was on the beach.
I'm on my honeymoon.
I'll make us some tea.
I brought you some tea.
Are you painting the floor?
Do you work in a town?
What will we tell Tom?
What will we tell Mary?
"What will we tell Tom?" "Don't worry. I'll come up with something."
Don't worry. I'll come up with something.
"What will we tell Tom?" "Don't worry. Mary will come up with something."
"What will I tell Tom?" "Don't worry. You'll come up with something."
Do you have any idea where we might find him?
Do you have any idea where I might find him?
Do you have any idea where we might find Tom?
Do you have any idea where I might find Tom?
"How are you feeling?" "Better."
Tom needs a dozen eggs.
Tom married for money.
Tom made a number of mistakes on the test.
Tom made quite a few mistakes on the test.
Tom made a number of mistakes on his test.
Sami grew up in an evangelical Christian household.
Sami traveled the world.
Sami grew up in a rural area.
Sami read the Bible five to six times.
Sami read the Bible well.
Sami started meeting Muslims.
Sami started asking questions.
Sami realized that Islam and Christianity are extremely similar.
Sami has learned a lot of things since his conversion to Islam.
Sami doesn't pray to Jesus.
Sami prays to God.
Sami prays to Allah.
Sami started to learn the true Islam.
Sami lived in the central part of the state.
Sami didn't want to please anybody.
Sami sees everything in a different light.
Sami started realizing that.
Sami doesn't need to convert to this religion.
Sami is taking classes.
Sami was ready to convert to Islam.
Sami has already converted to Islam.
Sami was a military.
Sami converted to Islam in five minutes.
Sami got on his kness and started to pray.
Sami had a degree in information technology.
Sami was a Christian.
Sami has always believed in God.
Sami was a little confused about who Jesus was.
Sami's concept of God is very confused.
Sami was driving a car.
Sami started driving at sixteen.
Sami was listening to a Christian radio station.
Sami wanted to become a missionary to bring Muslims to Christianity.
Sami read the Bible in Arabic.
Sami grew up in a Christian family.
Sami grew up in a very conservative family.
Sami found this in the Bible.
Sami should learn about it himself.
Sami had a lot of misconceptions about Islam.
Sami found that very interesting.
Sami cannot read.
Sami can't read.
Sami converted to Islam in his late teenage years.
Sami found that so nice.
Sami wanted to get a copy of the Quran.
Sami met an imam and he's from Egypt.
Sami went to a mosque to get a copy of the Quran.
Sami sat in the back of the mosque.
Sami gave me a copy of the Quran for free.
Sami asked for a copy of the Quran.
Sami gave copies of the Quran for free.
Sami had to go with the logical choice.
I will hurry.
Will you give me a pen?
I have no-one to play with me.
Tom will be held accountable.
We will hold Tom accountable.
Sami had never met Layla before.
Sami had met Layla before he met Farid.
You know I must work hard for my money.
Sami visited the local Islamic center.
Sami was learning Arabic at the local Islamic center.
Sami hated that teacher.
Sami didn't spread rumors about Layla.
Sami told Layla to watch her tone.
Sami should watch his tone.
Sami told us a ton of ridiculous stories about aliens.
Sami loves his fans.
Sami started from where he ended.
Sami probably would have killed Layla.
Sami was really concerned about Layla.
Sami came to school on Tuesday.
Sami tried to fight me.
Sami looked at me and nodded at me.
Sami started talking shit, making fun of me.
Sami and Layla no longer had gym together.
Sami hardly had to see Layla for the rest of the year.
Sami smirked at Layla.
Sami pretended like Layla didn't exist.
Sami avoided Layla completely.
Sami was a little bit more comfortable at that school.
Sami didn't know anybody.
Sami lives right next to Layla.
Sami had his group of friends.
Sami wanted nothing to do with Layla.
Sami took Arabic that year.
Sami's Arabic class is at three.
Sami met Layla in his Arabic class.
Sami was an amazing athlete.
Sami was on the varsity football team.
Sami is an amazing athlete.
Sami was in my Arabic class.
Sami was cool as shit.
Sami and Layla had so much fun in that class.
Sami and Layla did their job.
Sami doesn't have a girlfriend. I know that for sure.
Sami is a really sweet guy.
Sami is one of the best football players on the team.
Sami and I started talking.
Sami had a bunch of girls that he had been fucking with.
Sami didn't want to tell Layla that he liked her.
Sami was six years older than me.
Sami thinks I'm too young.
Sami thinks I am too young.
Sami never told Layla how he felt.
Sami's birthday is June 6th.
Sami was so excited to go to school on his birthday.
Sami was so fucking sweet.
Sami bought Layla a big teddybear.
Sami's birthday was amazing.
Sami and Layla were walking in the hallway together.
Sami's bag doesn't fit in the locker.
Sami bought Layla a fake tiara.
Sami is at his locker.
Sami locked at me.
Sami was talking to me back then.
Sami was really sweet and nice.
Sami could be really funny when he wanted to be.
Sami looked sincere.
Sami was in the middle of them.
Sami was holding Layla's huge teddybear.
Sami doesn't need your help.
Sami is helping Layla.
Sami is still mad at Layla.
Sami needed to tell Layla that face to face.
Sami will meet you in the lunchroom.
Sami needs to answert his question.
Sami caused so much drama for Layla.
Sami lied straight to my face.
Sami doesn't really give a shit.
Sami doesn't trust you anymore.
Sami has never met Layla before in his life.
Sami was trying to lie to me like I am an idiot.
Sami crossed his arms.
Sami stayed mad at Layla.
Sami wanted to be cool with Layla.
Sami is OK with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to speak with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to speak with Layla and she respects that.
Sami doesn't remember that.
Sami has got something for Layla.
Sami doesn't give a fuck about you.
Sami didn't give a fuck about Layla.
Sami's friends are waiting for him.
Sami wanted nothing to do with her.
Sami didn't matter to me.
Sami is ruining my birthday.
Sami had Arabic class that day.
Sami was going to see Layla.
Sami is going to tell Layla that he likes her.
Layla started getting butterflies in her stomach.
Sami filled out the worksheet.
Sami watched a movie.
Sami got up from his assigned seat and sat right next to Layla.
Sami and Layla started watching the movie together.
Sami is to my right.
Sami and Layla came to sit next to us.
Sami didn't know it was going to be Layla's birthday.
Sami didn't make his birthday a big deal.
Sami bought Layla a gift.
Sami didn't bring Layla anything for her birthday.
Sami's heart almost stopped.
Sami and Layla did their worksheets.
Sami told Layla how he felt.
Sami was way more outgoing than Layla.
Sami obviously likes Layla.
Sami's class was over.
Sami was really disappointed at himself.
Sami talked really fast.
Sami was like six foot three.
Sami just needed to tell Layla something.
Sami has had a crush on Layla for so long.
Sami just wanted to let Layla know.
Sami completely forgot about his encounter with Layla that day.
Sami went to his sixth period.
Sami too me shopping.
Sami bought Layla a hoodie.
Layla bought a Valentine's Day outfit.
Sami wanted to buy other ones.
Sami was wearing a business suit.
Sami and Layla met on Valentine's Day.
Sami is going to his sixth period.
Sami's face was fucking serious.
Sami's locker is in that hallway.
Sami never saw Layla around his locker.
Sami is coming over here.
Sami is holding a bouquet of roses and a box.
Sami is holding a box in his hand.
Sami gave Layla a bouquet of roses.
Sami gave Layla some jewelry.
Sami gave Layla a heart necklace and heart earring.
Sami will see you in Arabic.
Sami has to go to his chemistry class and he will see you in Arabic.
Layla is wearing those heart earrings.
Layla was wearing that heart necklace.
Sami wanted to see the jewelry again.
Sami was looking at the jewelry.
Sami grabbed the jewelry box out Layla's hands.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla since her birthday.
Sami grabbed the ring out of Layla's hand.
Sami threw the box into a trash can.
Sami started hatching a plan.
Sami threw the jewelry into the trash.
Sami was holding a bouquet of flowers and a card in his hand.
Sami threw the bouquet of flowers into the trash.
Sami's face fell.
Sami threw the jewelry away.
Sami told Layla Farid's last name.
Sami saw a completely different side of Layla.
Sami threw away Layla's gift.
Sami wanted to piss Layla off.
Sami threw away Layla's shit.
Sami will beat Farid's ass.
Sami threw the jewelry in the trash.
Sami will stay after school with me today.
Sami needs to go to the football practise.
Layla wanted to fo to the football practise to see Sami.
Sami knows Layla is pissed.
Sami went after school.
Sami had two of his friends with him.
Sami couldn't hear anything Layla was saying.
Sami was tall as shit.
Sami can't hear that.
Sami pushed Layla so hard.
Sami pushed Layla and she went flying down.
Sami saw Layla walk away.
Sami was sitting on the grass.
Sami wants to get his revenge on Layla.
Sami treated Layla like shit but she deserved it.
Sami and Layla did homework together.
Sami is going to a gift shop.
Sami wants to go to a gift shop.
Sami is looking for a gift shop.
Sami was trying to play pingpong.
Sami and Layla were playing pingpong.
Sami was scanning the bar.
Sami was playing pingpong.
Layla kept catching Sami's eye.
Sami went to high school with me.
Sami hasn't seen Layla in years.
Sami was a sweet guy.
Sami was a cutie, too.
Sami had a crush on her.
Sami was sitting at the table.
Sami started being kind of flirtatious with Layla.
Sami doesn't want Layla.
Sami has class.
Sami has class now.
Sami gave Layla his phone and she put her number in it.
Sami walked away, happy as hell.
Sami liked Layla so much in high school.
Sami never gave Layla a chance.
Sami kept playing pingpong with his friend.
Sami felt a little tap on his shoulder.
Sami made Layla nervous.
Layla never gets nervous around guys.
Sami and Layla exchanged numbers.
Sami and Layla were giving us dirty looks.
Sami is my complete opposite.
Sami had red hair.
Layla looked at Sami and she started crying.
Sami and Layla are crying.
Sami was attracted to me.
Sami is really independent.
Sami is really strong.
Sami and Layla kept talking and texting.
Sami had to go study.
Sami and Layla met up at the library.
Sami isn't looking for a relationship.
Sami is just looking for someone to have fun with.
Sami is not looking for a relationship.
Sami knew what kind of guy Farid was.
Sami had a lot of girls.
Sami had a lot of girlfriends.
Sami and Layla walked out.
Sami and Layla have been talking for about a month.
Sami is on the sidewalk.
Sami was walking Layla to her car.
Sami is holding Layla's hand.
Sami saw two other girls.
Sami and Layla really like Farid.
Sami passed out in the stairwell.
Sami dropped Layla off first and he dropped me off last.
Sami doesn't want anything from Layla.
Sami called me six days later.
Sami paid for a huge hotel suite.
Sami invited all of his friends to the party.
Sami wanted to buy Layla a purse.
Sami has spent so much money.
Layla was crying in front of Sami.
Sami and Layla are drinking.
Sami and Layla were disturbing the neighbors.
Sami is already drunk.
Sami didn't even say "happy birthday" to me.
Sami knows everybody.
Sami was sitting in the corner of the room.
Sami gave me a teddybear for my birthday.
Sami gave me the gift.
Sami didn't want to ruin the night.
Sami got super drunk.
Sami is attracted to you.
Sami didn't want to ruin the party.
Sami and Layla ended up leaving.
Sami was still there, in the hotel room.
Sami was on the couch, in the living room area.
Sami partied his ass off.
Sami had already left.
Sami was packing his stuff.
Sami felt Layla's hands on his shoulders.
Sami and Layla spent the day together.
Sami grabbed Layla's hands.
Sami doesn't want to have sex with Layla.
Sami is just not ready.
Sami was starting to fell bad.
Sami and Layla have already had their first kiss.
Sami kissed Layla bye.
Sami planned on notn talking to Layla ever again.
Sami found Layla a school.
Sami is just not ready for a relationship.
Sami was trying to enjoy his life.
Sami was not ready for a serious relationship.
Sami wasn't ready for a serious relationship.
Sami and Farid were fighting in the middle of the street.
Sami isn't fighting with Layla.
Sami doesn't want a long-time relationship.
Sami acted crazy.
Sami doesn't have to do this anymore.
Sami didn't want to be in a serious relationship.
Sami and Layla started talking by mid-June.
Sami fell for Layla so hard.
Sami was Layla's other half.
Sami fell for Layla.
Sami and Layla became friends on Facebook.
Sami got on Facebook and found a message from Layla.
Sami is in a new relationship.
Sami is very pissed.
Sami responded to Layla.
Sami is different.
Sami makes me feel good about myself.
Sami stepped back.
Sami ended up blocking Layla on Facebook.
Sami blocked Layla on Facebook immediately.
Sami looked in there.
Sami looked in there, and who does he see? He sees Layla sitting on Farid's lap.
Sami looked at the card and it said: "Call me at six."
Sami is gonna skin me alive.
Sami is going to skin me alive.
Sami is gonna kill me.
Sami is going to kill me.
Sami took it serious.
Sami was a security guard.
Sami followed Layla to her building.
Sami can say whatever he wants.
Sami has been cheated on.
Sami hasn't done anything like this before.
Sami continued to watch Layla's videos.
Sami started to do something a little bit different.
Sami had a best friend in high school.
"Sami" was the first name that popped in my head.
Sami and I lived around the corner from each other.
Sami and I were besties.
Sami was my first relationship.
Sami was a big deal to me because he was my first.
Sami and Layla shared a class together.
Sami mentioned Layla.
Sami had to find out who Layla was.
Sami had to find out who that Layla was.
Sami was my best friend.
Sami and Layla graduated.
Sami was still a senior.
Sami almost said Layla's name.
Sami and Layla had a movie night.
Sami left in a frenzy.
Sami never goes back there.
Sami never talks to her.
Sami was conversing with Layla.
Sami went there for me.
Sami and Layla's friendship kind of dwindled.
Sami has a problem with that.
Sami has an issue with that.
Sami left Layla a few days before his sixtieth birthday.
Sami and Layla went to a dorm parties.
Sami and Layla were going to dorm parties.
Sami has never been that serious with anybody.
Sami and Layla partied every weekend.
Sami and Layal's relationship died down a little bit.
Sami had no contact with his ex.
Sami cut everything off with his ex.
Sami triedn to contact Layla.
Sami called Layla from a different number.
Sami called Layla and threatened her.
Sami and Layla's friendship kind of died down.
Sami was super proud of himself.
Sami wanted to focus on school and work.
Sami was often with Layla.
Sami lived downtown.
Sami lived downtown at the time.
Sami didn't feel like going out.
Sami is the reason why I met Layla.
Sami and Layla went to a club that night.
Layla was wearing skinny black jeans.
Layla made Salima do her hair.
Sami was having his worst night ever.
Sami saw Layla before I did.
Sami saw Layla walking over.
Sami ended up dancing with one of Layla's friends.
Sami and Layla ended up exchanging numbers.
Sami and I were still best friends.
Sami was kind of distant.
Sami didn't want to date around anymore.
Sami and Layla live in this neighborhood.
Sami and Layla are still in high school.
Layla was modeling.
Sami was going to school.
Layla had a new boyfriend.
Sami moved away from that little suburb.
Sami still lived over there.
Sami didn't really care about this.
Sami saw Layla and Farid.
Sami saw Layla like a week ago.
Sami didn't want to speculate.
Sami is my best friend and he would never hurt me.
Sami will talk to his girl about that.
Sami saw Layla and Farid there.
Sami saw them there.
Sami and Layla have been holding hands.
Sami acting like nothing was wrong.
Sami didn't give Layla any hint that he was upset.
Sami ran into Layla downtown.
Layla was dating that other guy.
Sami hated her.
Sami went to have fun.
Sami never heard from Layla and Farid again.
Sami and Layla have been together for at least six years.
Sami didn't know that his best friend was dating his ex.
Sami shared his innermost secrets with Layal.
Sami knew that about Layla.
Sami's home was a second home to me.
Sami completely stopped talking to me.
Sami had me blocked on Facebook.
Sami doesn't want to say her name.
There is beautiful nature in Karelia.
Sami said it was a blessing that he had Layla in his life.
Layla and Salima are like my sisters.
Sami and I have been together for over six years now.
Sami was having issues with girls.
Sami had issues with girls.
Sami did that to his best friend.
Sami doesn't really mind.
Sami was hurt by his own best friend.
Sami is gonna be making more videos about this.
Sami is going to be making more videos about this.
The lakes and rivers, too, are full of fish.
Puasinkoi is a small Karelian village in the Tver region.
The village lies by a river.
There are forty houses.
Sami took a poll on Twitter.
Layla was my homegirl.
Sami had to know those people very well.
Sami's mom was very strict.
Sami is texting me.
Sami wanted to go to a football game.
Sami is from out rival high school.
Sami hated them.
Sami went to this football game.
Sami ended up losing.
Sami's football game wasn't that great.
Sami went over to his friend Farid's car.
Sami and Layla were just chilling out.
Sami and Layla were just hanging out, talking.
Sami was in the group.
Sami doesn't know what's going to happen.
Sami is from another school.
Sami heard Layla talking shit.
Sami can handle it.
Sami and Layla were crossing the street.
Sami said this in a flirtatious way.
Sami said this almost in a flirtatious way.
Sami wondered why Layla was leaving so fast.
Sami had a bunch of people with him.
Sami was kind of cute.
Sami wanted to take Layla out on a date.
Layla usually doesn't date white guys.
Sami was white.
Layla never dated a white guy before.
Sami was not rich back then.
Sami wasn't rich back then.
Sami was rich at the time.
Sami seemed so genuine.
Sami gave her his number.
Sami didn't go to Layla's school.
Sami doesn't come from where I come from.
Sami is just sixteen.
Sami was so into me.
Sami was into me.
Sami's mom is very smart.
Sami verified what Layla told him.
Sami's mom is an investigator.
Sami spent the night at Layla's house.
Sami met Layla's parents.
Sami wanted to spend the night at Layla's house.
Sami is just gonna spend the night at Layla's place.
Layla is dating a rich guy.
Sami and Layla were outside.
Sami had so much privacy in his house. That's something Layla didn't have. Her parents were so invasive.
Sami drove a black Beamer.
Sami saw a black Beamer in his driveway.
Sami had a heart attack.
Sami opened the door for me.
Sami was dressed really nice.
Sami is so rich.
Sami and Layla went to a steakhouse.
Sami parked outside of the steakhouse.
Sami saw Layla coming in.
Sami's table is this way.
Sami looked like an attorney or a doctor.
Sami doesn't belong here.
Sami took us to a little room.
Sami took us to the dining area of the restaurant.
Sami must have made a reservation.
Sami was a super cool guy.
Sami was kind of nerdy.
Sami ordered wine for us.
Sami brought up the wine for us.
Sami served Layla wine even if she was underage.
Sami needs to be classy.
Sami is still interesting.
Sami said something that completely turned Layla off.
Sami used to make us tamales.
Sami knows how to make tamales.
Sami had a maid that knew how to make tamales.
Sami is offended.
Sami knew that he offended Layla.
Sami didn't mean that in a bad way.
Sami's parents got a divorce.
Sami's mom was cheating on his father.
Sami was trying to convince Layla that he wasn't being rude.
Sami fell in love with his maid.
Sami couldn't believe what was coming out of Layla's mouth.
Sami just kept generalizing.
Sami is a business owner.
Sami kind of wanted to go home.
Sami was playing.
Sami and Layla kept texting back and forth.
Sami and Layla ended up losing touch after he graduated.
Sami and Layla texted each other after that.
Sami was looking at the photos.
Layla went on a date with that guy.
Sami is gonna figure who that girl is.
Sami was on the news and he was in trouble.
Sami read Layla's father's name.
Layla dated that man's son.
Sami was a really famous NFL player.
Sami had no clue at all.
Sami stopped watching football for a long time after he left Toronto.
Sami loved basketball.
Sami watched basketball all the time.
Sami didn't keep up with football.
Sami no longer kept up with football.
Sami didn't keep up with football anymore.
Sami was at a table with Layla.
Layla knew who he was.
I can't speak Karelian.
Sami was on a step team.
Sami met Layla on the step team.
Sami was on a high school step team.
Sami met Layla on a high school step team.
Sami is trying to film.
Sami answered the call and it was a girl.
Sami and Layla have a past.
Sami and Layla have a history.
Sami was super condescending.
Sami is really invested in Layla.
Sami told me Layla's full name.
Sami came home fuming.
Sami wasn't doing shit like that.
Sami will never see Layla again.
Sami was sitting there the whole time.
Sami wasn't defensive.
Sami isn't going to fight with Layla about this.
Sami is gonna watch Layla.
Sami is going to watch Layla.
Sami gave Layla another call.
Sami got another call.
Sami wanted Layla about Farid.
Sami made Layla feel she was so special.
Sami was really tired of getting those phone calls.
Sami had my phone number.
Sami explained it to me.
Layla sounded kind of young.
Layla sounded young.
Sami had a high-pitched voice.
Sami still has her number.
Sami had to delete Layla's number.
Sami went to high school with that girl.
Sami and Layla were tired of this.
Sami put Layla on the speakerphone.
Sami called Layla and she answered right away.
Sami sounded so happy.
Sami lept over at Layla.
How do you say "window" in Karelian?
Sami was acting fucking crazy.
Sami is gonna have a problem.
Sami and Layla haven't talked in so long.
Sami recognized that voice.
Sami hung up on Layla.
Sami wanted to know how Layla got his number.
Layla found out about Sami's ex-girlfriend.
Sami goes to high school with Layla.
Sami went to high school with her.
Sami knows somebody that knows Layla.
Sami and Layla haven't talked in years.
Sami and Layla haven't talked since high school.
Sami was working long night hours at that bar.
Sami started working at a bar downtown.
Sami was way older than Layla.
Sami made fun of people.
Sami was bartending.
Sami was talking to a bunch of drunk people.
Sami was behind the bar.
Sami came to my side of the bar.
Sami is bartending.
Sami opened up a beer and slid it over to me.
Sami opened up a beer for Layla.
Sami looks familiar.
Sami couldn't figure out who that girl was.
Sami kept doing that job.
Sami kept staring at me.
Sami kept starting at Layla.
Sami saw Layla and her Egyptian friend.
Sami realized who that girl was.
Sami knows who you are.
Sami just smirked at Layla.
Sami didn't order anything.
Sami can't stay at the bar if he doesn't order anything.
Layla asked Sami not to called her "honey."
Sami ordered beers.
Sami got beers out of the freezer.
Sami took his beer.
Sami took a sip.
Sami put his beer down.
Sami still had beer in his mouth.
Sami took his beer and took a sip.
Sami had a beer in his hand.
Sami threw the beer down and it shattered.
Sami's punch wasn't that strong.
Sami's punch was not that strong.
Sami landed in the arms of one of the security guards.
Mennad felt arms coming around him and carrying him away.
Sami carried Layla to her boss's office.
Sami's hair was all wet.
Sami had security cameras all over the bar.
Sami had security cameras in different places.
Sami just spat on me.
Sami spat his beer on me.
Sami sent me home.
Sami was too mad to continue working.
Sami got into a fight at the bar.
Sami told me Layla's address.
Sami feels so bad.
Sami spat at Layla.
Sami spat the water on Layla.
Sami clicked on that video.
Sami needs to hear the story first.
Sami should listen to this story.
Sami asked Layla to listen to his story.
Sami is originally from Toronto, Ontario.
Sami is gonna move.
Sami didn't come with us. It was just me and my mom.
Sami started his sixth grade here.
Sami enrolled Layla into a new school.
Sami was in a new school.
Sami was in a whole new state.
Sami hated being here.
Sami didn't want to be here.
Sami will move back to Egypt.
Sami enrolled Layla into a new middle school.
Layla has never been a cheerleader before.
Sami was pretty good to go.
Sami was a horrible person.
Sami was very shy and quiet.
Sami was an extremely nerdy and introvert kid.
Sami was very intimidated.
Sami was a high school student.
Sami and Layla had a sleepover at Farid's house.
Sami had a sleepover at Layla's house.
Sami had a sleepover at Layla's house to help her with her assignment.
Sami was the first person to start calling me "Fred."
Sami was getting a lot of compliments.
Sami was really aggressive.
Sami was really aggressive and people were afraid of him.
Sami came into the lunchroom.
Sami was in front of me in the line.
Sami was very aggressive.
Sami and Farid came out of nowhere.
Sami can't remember what Layla was saying.
Sami was cussing Layla out.
Sami stepped on my foot.
Sami was at a new school.
Sami was a punk.
Sami just stepped on me.
Sami doesn't know who he's messing with.
Sami was super cool.
Sami would always stay after class to practise violin.
Sami was sitting with his friend.
Sami went into Layla's office.
Sami made me sit down next to Layla.
Sami was really aggressive with Layla.
Sami and Layla got suspended.
Sami accidentally stepped on my foot.
Sami and Layla didn't shake hands.
Sami was a snitch.
Sami wore khaki pants.
Sami's style has changed.
Sami was proud of me.
Sami started gaining some popularity.
Sami was making fun of Layla for telling on Salima.
Sami was making fun of Layla for snitching on Salima.
Sami hated walking by himself.
Sami and Layla walked home together.
Sami and Layla were passing the park.
Sami and Layla passed the park.
Sami came to the edge of the curb.
Sami crossed the road and got to the other curb.
Sami left me there with six girls.
Sami left Layla at the park.
Layla grew up with boys.
Sami knew how to fight.
Sami didn't know what the hell he was doing.
Sami pushed me first.
Tom and Mary went to the harvest festival.
Tom swung from bar to bar.
Tom had a great time in Las Vegas.
Tom had a great time in Vegas.
Tom went to Las Vegas.
Tom went to Vegas.
Tom got married in Las Vegas.
Tom lost money at the casino.
Tom lost a lot of money at the casino.
Tom lost money at the casino, but told his friends that he had won.
Tom lost all his money at the casino.
Tom lost his shirt.
Tom lost his shirt playing poker.
What's the spookiest thing that ever happened to you?
The sunlight dazzles the eyes.
People called Tom names and laughed at him.
Megduda is well-built woman.
There is no solution to this problem.
Some trousers shrink when they are washed for the first time.
These two boys are twins.
He walks aimlessly in the street as a madman.
I was starting to think you'd forgotten.
He knocked him out with a club.
They had a mad, passionate affair.
Tom and Mary were having a mad, passionate love affair.
He is possessed by jinnis.
Was everything that happened between us a lie?
Tom was too shy to admit it.
She went mad.
Tom is too shy to admit it, but he likes you.
Mary was too shy to admit it.
Seh's very crazy.
I need a moment alone with Tom.
I need a moment alone with her.
She's furious.
I'm grateful for everything you've done.
Mary is too shy to admit it, but she likes you.
She likes you too, you know. She's just too shy to admit it.
Mary likes you, Tom. She's just too shy to admit it.
Tom likes you too, Mary. He's just too shy to admit it.
She has an epileptic seizure.
Whom did you send the last message to?
She has a soft spot for you.
How does this device work?
Mary has a soft spot for you.
Mary has a soft spot for Tom.
How are prickly pears eaten?
How do you switch your computer off?
I haven't figured that part out yet.
The vine gives grapes.
The olive tree gives olives.
Tom lost his shirt in Vegas.
Tom is obscenely wealthy.
Maybe a little home cooking will cheer you up.
No one is a prophet in their own land.
The genie is out of the bottle.
The harm has already been done.
Tom scraped the barnacles off the hull of the ship.
Live life as it comes.
It is a great idea to prepare your materials well.
Nay you would sooner have got a tooth from him than a piece of money in an honest matter.
Tom's house is within walking distance of the nearest train station.
Tom lives within walking distance of the train station.
No indeed, it would be easier extract a tooth from him than a coin in a honest matter.
You are broke, man!
Now I must hasten to court; some other time I will tell you much more foolish things even than these.
I dont know if it is a sin, but if you are not busy, you can listen.
You know what abundance of cheating there is with our countrymen among those who sell or lett out horses.
He promises me that he would deal with me so, as he would deal with his most dear brother.
He promises me that he would deal with me as he would with his dearest brother.
It's unforgivable to date such a broken man, darling!
You know how much cheating there is around from those who sell or rent out horses.
You know how much cheating there is around here from those who sell or rent out cars.
He leads me into the stable, bids me choose out of all the horses whichsoever I would.
He leads me into the stable, and urges me to choose from all the horses whichever I would like.
He leads me into the shop, and urges me to choose from all the cars whichever I would like.
At length one pleased me more than the rest. He approves of my judgment, swearing that that horse had been desired frequently by many.
After a while, one pleased me more than the rest. He approves of my judgment, swearing that that horse had been desired frequently by many.
We agreed about the price, the money is paid down presently.
We agree the price, and the money is paid straight away.
Stop daydreaming and come down from your tree!
This is a crime so well placed, in my opinion, that I cannot bring my mind to confess it.
Why does it feel so good to scratch an itch?
This is a crime committed so well, in my opinion, that I cannot bring myself to confess it.
I would demand a statue for myself, if I had contrived any such thing.
I would demand a statue of myself, if Id pulled off a stunt like that.
Tom is one of the bigwigs.
Tom wants to learn how to create a website.
Tom wants to learn how to surf.
Tom wants to learn how to play guitar.
Tom wants to learn how to play the guitar.
Tom wants to learn how to code.
Tom wants to learn how to swim.
Tom wants to learn how to draw.
Tom wants to learn how to knit.
Tom wants to learn how to crochet.
Tom wants to learn how to type fast.
Tom wants to learn how to talk to girls.
Tom wants to learn how to play piano.
Tom wants to learn how to program.
Tom wants to learn how to ski.
Tom wants to learn how to snowboard.
Tom wants to learn how to windsurf.
Tom wants to learn how to ride a horse.
Tom wants to learn how to ride a bike.
Tom wants to learn how to drive a car.
Tom wants to learn how to play bridge.
Tom wants to learn how to play chess.
Tom wants to learn how to play go.
Tom wants to learn how to play drums.
Tom wants to learn how to play the bassoon.
Tom wants to learn how to dance.
Tom is a bigwig.
What is Tom's social security number?
Tom smiled at Mary from across the room.
Tom locked eyes with Mary.
Tom locked eyes with Mary for a brief moment.
They locked eyes for a brief moment.
Mary was too shy to admit her feelings.
Tom was too shy to admit his feelings.
You make me feel dizzy!
Tom was too shy to admit his feelings for Mary.
Mary was too shy to admit her feelings for Tom.
"Do you believe him?" "Not really!"
"Is it true?" "I think so!"
I have nothing more to say to Marika.
Are you carrying a lot of money?
Sami had everything in life.
Sami wanted to know how to perform tayammum.
Sami is so excited.
Layla covered her head.
Sami became religious.
Sami's story is not actually that interesting.
Sami gave us a quick explanation.
Sami is gonna have to do with it.
Sami is gonna have to live with it.
Sami is not afraid having this type of conversation.
Sami was talking about a controversial subject.
Sami made a mistake in his pronunciation.
Sami made this video.
Sami wants to make a video about this.
Sami is not afraid to talk about this subject.
Sami can be really sensitive about this.
Sami sat down and started filming the video.
Sami talked about his personal experiences.
Sami told us his personal story.
Sami's comments will be deleted.
Sami is in charge of this YouTube channel.
Layla used to wear the hijab.
Layla took the hijab off.
Layla started wearing the hijab in her teen years.
Sami's dad is an imam.
Layla is a Muslim woman.
Sami is a Canadian Muslim convert.
Sami was raised in a Christian household.
Sami never talked about Islam.
Sami doesn't celebrate Christmas.
Sami was also a Muslim.
Sami talked about Ramadan.
Sami grew up being a Muslim.
Sami started praying with his dad in the mosque.
Sami always spends his summer holidays in Egypt.
Sami spent several weeks in Egypt.
Sami spent the afternoon praying with his dad in the mosque.
Sami wanted to devote himself to his religion.
Sami's daughter wanted to wear the hijab.
Layla was thinking about putting on the hijab.
Sami was hesitant.
Sami needs to make sure he is making the right decision.
Sami wanted Layla to stop wearing the hijab.
Layla knew that wearing the hijab was a big commitment.
Layla put on her hijab.
Layla's mom took her hijab shopping.
Layla wore a purple hijab.
Layla started wearing the hijab.
Layla wore the hijab for six years.
Layla had a huge thing for pink.
Layla wore a pink hijab.
Layla couldn't find a single picture of her wearing a hijab.
Layla was so cute in her hijab.
Layla was so cute and so ugly at the same time.
Layla is more ugly now than she was then.
Sami thought it was cool back then.
Sami didn't understand what Layla actually meant.
Sami tried to pull Layla's hijab off her head.
Sami didn't understand the emotional connection Layla had with her hijab.
Layla took her hijab off.
Layla covered her hair up.
Layla covers her hair up with a hijab.
Sami went to visit his girlfriend.
Sami is being really honest.
Sami is being really honest with Layla.
Sami is a sinner by every measure.
Sami wanted to repent.
Sami is a sinner.
Sami is older.
Layla wore the hijab.
Layla put her hijab on before she leaves her house.
Layla is in her own right to wear the hijab.
Sami was experimenting with alcohol.
Sami wanted to be a part of it.
Sami was experimenting with cigarettes.
Sami wanted to go out clubbing and dancing.
Layla wanted to wear short skirts.
Sami has to figure out what's right for him.
Sami has to figure out what is right for him.
Sami was born to a Christian household.
Sami's camera overheats.
Sami's camera shut down.
Layla started going out without the hijab.
Layla took off the hijab.
Sami is sixteen today.
Sami is so grateful for that experience.
Layla is still not wearing the hijab.
Layla started going out to have sex with boys.
Sami joined the conversation.
Sami wanted to know why Layla decided to take off the hijab.
Layla decided to take off the hijab.
Layla was sixteen years old when she put on hijab.
Layla doesn't want to wear the hijab.
Layla wears the hijab.
Layla didn't want to wear the hijab.
Sami wasn't that religious.
Sami's mom didn't wear the hijab.
Sami encouraged Layla to wear the hijab.
Sami probably knew that Layla wouldn't agree to wear the hijab.
Layla started wearing the hijab when she went to high school.
Sami was new.
Sami is outspoken.
Layla can wear the hijab and still be herself.
Sami started high school.
Layla and six other students were wearing the hijab.
Sami's mom is Catholic.
Sami's mom is Egyptian and his dad is Filipino.
Layla and her mom don't look alike.
Sami didn't live with his mom.
Sami went to his mom's place on weekends.
Sami was sixteen but he looked like he was ten.
Sami wanted to avoid a conflict with his mom.
Sami isn't reading the comments.
Sami didn't want to read the comments.
Layla took off her hijab when she went to her mom's house.
Sami shouldn't talk about his past sins.
Sami doesn't encouraging anyone to do this.
Layla didn't have her hijab on.
Sami saw another woman with hijab in the mall.
Sami's relationship with his dad was fine.
Layla started wearing the hijab towards the end of her senior year.
Sami started attending a halaqa at high school.
Layla attended a halaqa every Saturday night.
Layla learned about his religion.
Layla started wearing the hijab at a very young age.
Layla didn't want her father to dictate the trajectory of her own life.
Layla was curious about hijab.
Sami is really confused.
Sami admitted that he did this.
Layla started to wear the hijab in her junior year.
Layla took off hijab.
Sami found that really difficult.
Sami chose what he thought was right.
Sami severed his relationship with his mom.
Sami's relationship with his mom was super strained.
Sami wrote a long e-mail to Layla.
Sami is just following blindly.
Sami was reading Layla's e-mail.
Sami's face was swollen.
Sami's eyes was so swollen.
Sami could barely open his eyes.
Layla decided to wear the hijab whatever the consequence.
Sami had to really fight for it.
Sami isn't doing this for anybody.
Sami is doing this for himself.
Sami studied other religions.
Sami started praying so hard.
Sami is not going to cry.
Sami had the same experience.
Sami had to really fight for his beliefs.
Sami fought for his beliefs.
Layla wanted to wear the hijab.
Sami wanted to know why Muslim women wear the hijab.
Sami wants to know why Layla wears the hijab.
Sami and Layla had a conversation about the hijab.
Layla took off her hijab.
Layla was wearing the hijab.
Layla wore the hijab to please God.
Sami's islamophobic comments fueled Layla's love for hijab.
Sami can't swim.
Sami and Layla went on vacation.
Sami can't answer everyone's question.
Sami is an awesome friend.
Sami didn't even know what he was talking about.
Sami had to prove that.
Sami is serious about this.
Sami tolerated Layla's hijab.
Sami finished college.
Sami graduated law school.
Sami took a trip to Egypt.
Sami was talking so much trash about Layla's hijab.
Sami can't go swimming.
Layla doesn't have swimwear.
Sami can wear this in the water.
Sami doesn't know how he found it.
Layla wore a burkini.
Sami went in the water.
Sami wanted to show Layla that he could still do whatever.
Sami was still talking so much trust.
Sami let Layla do it.
Layla's hijab isn't hurting anyone.
Sami didn't realize that at the time.
Sami has a parent who is not Muslim.
Sami empathized with his mom.
Layla's hijab put a distance between her and her mom.
Sami chose the religion of his father.
Sami speaks the language of his father.
Sami and Layla are so empathy.
Sami wasn't verbalizing that.
Sami took that into account.
Layla is always going to be your daughter.
Sami is not Muslim.
Sami isn't a crier at all.
Sami never cries.
Sami needs to put his ego aside.
Sami needed to assert himself.
Sami wasn't trying to assert himself.
Sami was reading Layla's comments.
Sami put himself in Layla's shoes.
Sami tried to understand why Layla felt that way.
Sami wanted to be treated with kindness.
Sami can't keep doing this.
Sami did not expect this to happen.
Sami gave Layla some tissue.
Sami didn't hear Layla crying.
Sami didn't hear the baby crying.
Sami heard the baby crying.
Sami is a convert.
Layla's parents didn't support her decision to wear the hijab.
Sami will find the way out.
Sami left this to God.
Layla is wearing the hijab for God's sake.
Sami needs to open his heart.
Layla started a company with her husband.
Sami shared his story on Facebook.
Sami didn't speak to his mom.
Sami shared his story on his blog.
Sami knows what hijab means to Layla.
Sami has a daughter.
Sami is legitimately my biggest supporter.
Sami believes in what I am doing.
Sami believes in what I'm doing.
Sami loves the work that I am doing.
Sami loves the work that I'm doing.
Sami found the way out.
Layla never wears her hijab like this.
Sami played the video.
Sami explains this in the video.
Sami explained what hijab is.
Layla's hijab enhanced her beauty.
Layla started wearing her hijab in middle school.
Sami doesn't really think anything of it.
Sami was outside of school.
Layla wore her hijab at school.
Sami didn't think about his appearance too much.
Sami was living with his aunt.
Layla fell in love with the hijab.
Layla has to wear the hijab.
Layla is Muslim and she has to wear the hijab.
Sami's aunt was strict.
Sami's aunt was really religious.
Layla also wore a skirt.
Layla has to wear a hijab.
Layla's hijab was cute.
Layla said that the hijab made her look less attractive.
Layla covers up her hair.
Layla wanted to show her hair.
Layla wanted to take her hijab off.
Layla felt she wasn't pretty in her hijab.
Sami didn't speak to anyone.
Sami was so shy and didn't speak to anyone.
Layla felt that her hijab was making her shy.
Sami wondered why Layla was wearing the hijab.
Sami and Layla went to college.
Layla used to wear the same hijab every single day.
Layla was wearing hijab.
Layla is wearing hijab.
Sami didn't speak to anyone in school.
Layla was experimenting with her hair.
Sami has made his first YouTube video.
Sami started working in June.
Sami folded the clothes.
Sami had a meeting.
Sami hasn't been very transparent with us.
Layla is a Muslim woman and she wears the hijab.
Layla considered herself a hijabi.
Layla was a hijabi.
Layla started covering her head.
Sami looks so much happier now.
Layla feels more confident.
Sami is really happy with his decision.
Layla is very happy with her decision to wear the hijab.
Layla did tons of natural hair and makeup videos.
Sami isn't going to do this anymore.
Sami doesn't want to watch Layla's videos anymore.
Sami was prepared for this.
Sami was OK with this.
Sami knew it was going to happen.
Sami has given Layla opportunities that she would never had.
Layla started wearing the hijab for the sake of God.
Layla knew that she would have to wear the hijab some day.
Sami said this a million times in his video.
Layla doesn't consider herself a hijabi.
Sami deleted the pictures.
Sami was getting overwhelmed.
Sami doesn't need to explain himself.
Sami doesn't want to deal with it.
Sami doesn't want that bareer to be between him and Layla.
Tom loves his bamboo fence.
Tom loves to dance and sing.
The man was so agitated that the police could not handcuff him.
In the past, Kabyle people used to play wrestling in public places.
The majority of Berbers are mountain dwellers. It's obvious: they've never accepted to drown in the invaders' identity.
Recently, I've been making great efforts not to forget my stuff in the street.
I'm a lorry driver.
This food is crunchy.
These trousers are too tight for me.
None of these pairs of shoes fits me.
All of these books are different.
This book is different from that one.
All these objects are similar.
I hear the music from the ice cream van.
Take just one.
He was sitting next to him.
She was sitting next to him.
He is at the fair.
He went back to the fair.
He came back from the fair.
He went back to the caf.
He went back to the factory.
This is my favourite book.
Maths is my least favourite subject.
I should have agreed to help Tom with that.
Mary did as she had promised.
Tom is annoyingly optimistic.
Tom has a punchable face.
I am not old.
That tree is red.
This cat is not black.
That is a big dog.
The house is white.
The man is handsome.
"What will happen to our Kabyle language?" "It will last forever!"
This woman is not pretty.
"What will happen to our Kabyle language?" "It will stay ad vitam aeternam!"
You are thin.
You are not thin.
That flower is blue.
That flower is orange.
This flower is pink.
This flower is orange.
This flower is purple.
This flower is red.
This flower is yellow.
I asked Tom and Maria why they had never gotten married. And what did they say?
This flower is black.
This flower is white.
This flower is gray.
This flower is green.
This flower is brown.
You are not old.
He is not old.
She is not old.
They are not old.
You are old.
Follow me to Room 3.
He shut the door of his room.
He beats his children every day.
He left his parents.
Switch the light on.
Switch the light off.
Put those peelings in the dustbin.
Take your children to their room.
Shave your beard.
Correct this entence.
Call your mother.
Bow to the front.
Climb down the tree.
Climb up the tree.
Go forthward.
Go backward.
Bow to the left side.
Tom crossed himself three times.
Sami prostrated before God.
Sami makes prostration after scoring goals.
She'll hang her coat behind the door.
You know you're not allowed to be here. Leave!
The basement is full of water.
He plays the acoustic guitar with great mastery.
The whale is a mammal.
He doesn't use his noodle, he jumps in without thinking.
Tom and I will do all we can.
Don't trust him, he's a schnook.
The most amusing euphemism for male masturbation is "pumping the monkey."
Tell me a little bit about your trip.
I've never seen anything more beautiful in my life.
Take those matches away from that kid; he's a firebug!
He was fined for going through a red light.
I adore this chair.
There's a great scene in that old movie showing a Mexican standoff: all the men are ready to draw their guns if anyone else draws his gun, but nobody is willing to make the first move.
Tom had no idea that Maria felt that way.
The boy who's swimming over there with Mary is my younger brother.
I should've agreed to help Tom with that.
Lo, here, first omen offered to our eyes, / four snow-white steeds are grazing on the plain.
Are you still having trouble with that?
This is my grandmother's recipe.
I know you have feelings for him.
Do you have feelings for him, too?
So, you do have feelings for me.
I know you have feelings for her.
Would you be happier with Tom?
Did you ever have feelings for her?
Did you ever have feelings for Tom?
Did you ever have feelings for him?
Did you ever have feelings for me?
On October 20, Tom died and was replaced by an identical clone.
We should keep things professional between us.
I've never even heard of it before.
Let's keep this between us for now.
We need to keep moving.
Let's keep this between us for the time being.
I know you have feelings for Tom.
Sami deleted all the videos.
Sami deleted all his videos.
Layla decided to wear the hijab again.
Sami's videos are private.
Sami's YouTube videos are private.
Layla has worn her hijab all her life.
Layla just decided to wear her hijab again.
Sami deleted those videos.
Sami has been thinking about this for like a few months now.
Sami has been thinking about this for a few months.
Sami didn't want to disappoint his friends.
Layla won't be showing her hair anymore. She has decided to wear the hijab.
Sami totally understood that.
Sami stopped doing YouTube videos.
Layla is wearing a hijab now.
Sami wasn't feeling that way.
Sami forced Layla to wear the hijab.
Layla didn't like the hijab.
Layla took her hijab off for the whole senior year.
Sami didn't feel connected to God.
Layla decided to wear her hijab in June.
Layla decided to wear her hijab again.
Sami knew that was happening.
Sami was thinking about everything.
Sami was so unhappy for a long time.
Layla recently decided to wear the hijab.
Layla is planning to start wearing the hijab.
Sami is so happy now.
Sami is strong.
Sami has been through so much in his life.
Sami connected with so many people through his YouTube channel.
Layla is like my sister.
Sami always did what made him happy.
Sami wanted Layla to always remember that.
Sami is thinking about wearing the hijab.
Layla fell in love with that hijab.
Sami continues doing what he loves.
Sami checked his Snapchat.
Sami has become more positive.
Sami should stick to his schedule.
Sami received a message from a young girl living in Egypt.
Layla lives in a country where the hijab is not very accepted.
Layla felt proud with wearing the hijab.
Layla knew that she was making the right choice by wearing the hijab.
Layla started wearing the hijab when she was sixteen.
Layla wasn't forced to wear the hijab.
Layla started wearing the hijab before the age of sixteen.
Sami's mom put him in an Islamic school.
Aksil wants to travel to the desert.
Layla wore the hijab, took it off and put it back on.
Sami and Layla were raised differently.
Layla overcome her insecurities about wearing the hijab.
Layla was in university when she started wearing the hijab.
Layla found it hard to convince herself to wear the hijab.
Sami was in university.
Layla wants to take her hijab off.
Sami loved that jacket.
Layla was wearing a crop top jacket.
Sami went to his dad.
Sami was really struggling with that.
Layla wanted to take her hijab off but she was scared.
Sami was also young.
Layla didn't wear the hijab at that time.
Fir trees live in cold areas.
Sami loved Layla's hijab.
Layla loved the way Salima wore hijab.
Sami wanted Layla to take her hijab off.
Sami knew he was doing something wrong.
Layla wasn't wearing hijab.
Sami told Layla to take her hijab off.
Layla felt guilty for not wearing the hijab.
Sami told Layla to keep her hijab on.
Sami was young and naive.
Sami was brave.
Sami's parents were so supportive about it.
Sami drove at night.
Sami put all the windows up and blasted his car radio.
Layla took her hijab off in her car.
Layla made her own decision to wear the hijab.
Layla wasn't ready to have a baby.
Sami should take life easy.
Sami is not ready for that responsibility.
Sami isn't ready for that responsibility.
Sami wasn't engaged.
Sami wasn't married.
Sami was not engaged.
Sami was not married.
Layla wore the hijab before her wedding.
Layla wore the hijab after her wedding.
Layla started wearing the hijab before her wedding.
Layla started wearing the hijab after her wedding.
Sami is Hispanic.
Layla made the decision of wearing the hijab.
Sami wanted to prepare himself.
Layla doesn't wear hijab.
Layla doesn't wear the hijab.
Sami and I were just friends.
Layla started to wear hijab.
Sami has already made a video on this.
Sami woke up for fajr.
Sami woke up to pray fajr.
Layla is going to wear hijab today.
Layla kept her hijab on.
I will go to warm up. Snow is falling.
Layla was just trying the hijab on.
Layla went to school with the hijab.
Sami didn't recognize Layla with the hijab.
Sami didn't tell any of his friends.
Sami didn't tell his parents.
Sami wasn't reacting off of hate.
Sami was reacting off of shock.
Sami knew that Layla was serious.
Layla's mom absolutely hated the hijab.
Sami knew everything about me.
Sami never hid anything from his mom.
Sami's mom was so angry.
Sami's mom was so mad.
Sami isn't practising anymore.
Sami is not practising anymore.
Layla decided to keep her hijab on.
Sami and Layla's relationship went back to normal.
Sami is literally my number one fan on YouTube.
Layla started posting YouTube videos about hijab.
Layla started struggling with wearing hijab.
Sami felt like he was suffocating.
Sami is a very honest guy.
Sami felt so insecure.
Layla used to get so much attention from guys without her hijab.
Sami knew me.
Layla looks beautiful.
Layla looked better without her hijab.
Layla got engaged to Sami.
Layla is a hijabi.
Sami wants to say something very quick.
Layla is going to wear hijab.
Layla had a big struggle with hijab.
Layla started wearing hijab after she got engaged.
Sami is about to graduate.
Sami studied Islamic art.
Layla was struggling with hijab.
Layla started struggling with hijab again.
Layla started questioning hijab.
Sami talked about the role of women in Islam.
Layla considered herself a feminist.
Layla totally respects men.
Sami totally respects women.
Sami and Layla are paid the same.
Layla hates hijab.
Sami knew nothing.
Layla was the only hijabi in town.
Sami thinks Muslim women are oppressed.
Sami thinks that women are oppressed in Islam.
Layla is more attractive now.
Sami is weak.
Sami knows that Layla is Muslim.
Sami is not a perfect Muslim.
Sami wanted to become a better person.
Layla started wearing the hijab around Ramadan.
Layla never took her hijab off.
Sami motivated Layla to wear the hijab.
Layla wanted to inspire other girls to wear the hijab.
Sami wanted to bring some change into his life.
Sami wanted to do something to get closer to God.
Sami knows women who wear the hijab.
Sami is an amazing Muslim.
Sami is on social media.
Sami can see whatever he wants.
Sami never makes videos.
Sami is friends with that guy.
Layla's life has changed after she started wearing the hijab.
Sami loves freedom.
Sami can do that at home all the time.
Sami loves going outside.
Sami was respected by everyone.
Sami would throw very weird comments at girls on the street.
Sami can't do anything.
Layla's hijab hasn't stopped her from doing anything.
Sami is still a public figure.
Sami still sings.
Sami does anything he wants to do in life.
Sami knows Layla's story.
Sami spent so much time with Layla.
Layla ended up wearing the hijab.
Sami and Layla supported each other.
Layla is a hijabi now.
Sami's friend is going to go to jail.
Sami nothing to say.
Sami was very much like me.
Sami had a really big personality.
Sami wants to be friends with Farid.
Sami had Layla's heart.
Sami was really immature.
Sami wouldn't say much.
Sami was raised by a single father.
Sami's mom left him behind.
Sami's father was so sweet and nice.
Sami went over to Layla's house and spent two to three hours over there.
Sami was Layla's first.
Sami fell so hard for Layla.
Sami was Layla's first love.
Sami never had a whole lot to say.
Sami and Layla had a very tumultuous relationship.
Sami took Layla on dates.
Sami didn't see anything special about Layla.
Sami decorated his room.
Sami was getting ready for the winter break.
Sami met Layla right outside of the gym.
Sami and Layla went out to lunch.
Sami texted Layla to tell her what table he was at in the lunchroom.
Sami texted Layla and she texted him right back.
Sami went home sick.
Sami left Layla voice mails.
Sami saw Layla earlier.
Sami is here at school.
Sami and Layla had separate classes after lunch.
Sami was very distraught.
Sami knew something was up.
Sami and Layla still haven't heard from Farid.
Sami looked pissed.
Sami doesn't appreciate Layla ignoring him.
Sami does not appreciate Layla ignoring him.
Sami didn't have any patience for this bullshit.
Sami couldn't go to Layla's house.
Sami had no choice but to go home.
Layla and Salima were acting like crazy bitches.
Sami was really worried about Layla.
Sami was upset and worried about Layla.
Sami was trying to stay warm.
Sami was really starting to worry.
Sami went to his locker.
Sami and Layla went to their lockers.
Sami's locker was six lockers down from mine.
Sami is Layla's future baby daddy.
Sami was pointing at Layla.
Sami needs to tell me where he was.
Sami has nothing to do with me.
Sami was praying for Layla.
Sami has got some explaining to do.
Sami let Layla do her thing.
Sami didn't have first period with Layla.
Sami was tutoring Layla.
Sami was tutoring in the library.
Sami was tutoring Layla in the library.
Sami was tutoring a girl in the library.
Sami was reading all night long.
Sami needed to fix his phone.
Sami had a younger sister that went to Layla's school.
Sami sweet-talked Layla and she believed him.
Sami came to lunch with us.
Sami wasn't at lunch with us.
Sami and Layla are about to have lunch.
Sami doesn't have that much time for lunch.
Sami was immediately pissed.
Sami got Layla on the phone.
Sami got off the phone.
Sami is tutoring again.
Sami didn't even know that Layla was a tutor.
Sami was tutoring people.
Sami told Layla in the morning.
Sami wasn't answering Layla's test.
Sami didn't have lunch with us.
Sami and Layla were having lunch by themselves.
Sami didn't even have the decency to text Layla back.
Sami was tutoring again.
Sami's school has a big field.
Sami was at a convenience store.
Sami was walking towards the convenience store.
Sami was a really loud dude.
Sami doesn't even remember what Layla said.
Sami was a cute little kid.
Sami was really loud.
Sami was always involved in drama.
Sami was involved in drama all the time.
Sami knows something that you don't.
Sami dropped a bomb on Layla.
Sami ruined my lunch.
Sami was here to start shit.
Sami was chilling with that girl.
Sami was hanging out with Layla during lunch.
Sami has been tutoring a freshman with math.
Sami wasn't the brightest person.
Sami had terrible grades.
Sami can't tutor anyone.
Sami really admired this.
Sami and Layla know each other so well.
Sami stopped talking about it.
Sami wanted to make sure everything was good.
Sami didn't know Layla that well.
Sami wanted Layla out of his business.
Sami went to the convenience store.
Sami refused to eat.
Sami bought Layla some candy.
Sami walked back with his friends.
Sami walked back to the school.
Sami was in the middle of the field.
Sami hid his face.
Sami made me so mad.
Sami is so hurt.
Sami is stronger than this.
Sami went back to the school.
Sami has been thinking about it.
Sami kept thinking about it his entire class period.
Sami was an asshole.
Sami has been lying to Layla.
Sami took a sip of his wine.
Sami was packing stuff in his backpack.
Sami and Layla are free to go.
Sami was on a public bus.
Sami walked across that field.
Sami and Layla were walking across a field.
Sami has never lied to me like that.
Sami is just a fucking lying asshole.
Sami and Layla were coming towards us.
Sami didn't take his eyes off of Layla.
Sami is right there.
Sami was sixty feet away from Layla.
Sami hated staying after school.
Sami bolted straight home.
Sami was walking towards Layla.
Sami thinks this shit is funny.
Sami was in this group.
Sami stepped in between Layla and Farid.
Sami and Layla are really tall.
Sami has heard a lot of shit about Layla.
Sami wasn't relevant in Layla's life.
Sami knows Layla and Farid.
Layla is trying to talk to her man.
Sami was Layla's man.
Sami put his arms around Layla's waist.
Sami's arms were around Layla.
Sami's arms were around Layla's waist.
Sami grabbed Layla by the hair and started punching her in the face.
Sami is pulling Layla's hair.
Sami doesn't know why Layla does this.
Sami couldn't blame Layla for losing her shit and cursing at Farid.
Sami was just fighting blindly.
Sami pulled Layla by her hair to pull her off Salima.
Sami couldn't even tell where he was hitting Farid.
Sami was fighting blindly and didn't even know where he was hitting Farid.
Sami was punching anywhere that he could.
Sami's adrenaline was pumping.
Sami felt Layla hitting him but he couldn't feel anything.
Sami was a coward.
Sami jumped into the fight.
Sami was a fucking coward.
Sami was getting punched in the face.
Sami saw hair everywhere.
Sami saw blood all over his arms and hands.
Sami stopped hitting Layla.
Sami punched her.
Sami was bleeding everywhere.
Sami was bleeding so much from his nose.
Sami got involved in a fight.
Sami has a bloody face.
Sami had a bloody face.
Sami was fucked up.
Sami was throwing punches blindly.
Sami had no mercy on that bitch.
Sami had blood everywhere.
Sami grabbed his backpack and left.
Sami had blood all over his right arm.
Layla's hair was all fucked up.
Sami got into a fist fight.
Sami got to his apartment complex.
Sami hugged me so hard.
Sami was pulling on Layla's hair.
Sami got into the fight, too.
Sami and Farid had a brawl right before Christmas.
Sami rode the public bus home.
Tom stood up for me.
This is some kind of sign.
In Muslim countries, girls are less likely than boys to get higher education.
"'Tis war thou bringest us," Anchises cries, / strange land! For war the mettled steed they train, / and war these threaten. Yet in time again / these beasts are wont in harness to obey, / and bear the yoke, as guided by the rein. / Peace yet is hopeful."
Lightning-fast!
That's quite enough!
Excuse me?!
I beg your pardon?!
Get fucked in the ass!
Who owns this lorry?
My parents are loved by me.
So our vows we pay / to Pallas, famed in arms, whose welcome cheered the way.
This factory produces toys.
He didn't feel sorry for me.
I didn't feel anything for her: neither sorry nor contempt.
She killed herself.
She committed suicide.
Veiled at her shrines in Phrygian hood we stand, / and chief to Juno, mindful of the seer, / burnt-offerings pay, as pious rites demand.
Did you receive a notice?
I didn't receive any notice.
You don't need religion to have morals.
It seems to me that it's pigs, not people, living here with me.
This done, the sailyards to the wind we veer, / and leave the Grecians and the land of fear.
Think with your heart.
Fortunately, the sun came out.
To err is human; therefore Tom and Mary are humans.
Mary said she should've eaten more.
He cut up a piece of meat and gave everyone his share.
His back is crooked.
His foot is paralyzed.
She left the shop.
He went to the toilets.
He's a bad guy.
He picked a flower for his wife.
The baby likes splashing his hands in water.
"May God be with you." "Amen."
He drank ten bottles of beer.
He drank five glasses of alcohol.
The branch of that tree is full of birds.
He disappeared into thin air.
Do you use a solvent?
D you use the solvent?
"Coffee?" "Is it instant?" "Yes." "Then no."
The road is blocked by stones fallen from a nearby rock.
When I was a child, I liked to drink weak instant coffee.
A Greek frappe is made from instant coffee, water, and ice cubes.
He closed the road with stones.
He spent the whole day writing messages to his friends.
He brought shame upon himself.
He exterminated his enemies.
He destroyed his house.
He loved his parents.
In Esperanto, nouns always end with "o".
Order was restored.
Lo, there Tarentum's harbour and the town, / if fame be true, of Hercules, and here / Lacinium's queen and Caulon's towers are known, / and Scylaceum's rocks, with shattered ships bestrown.
Did the groundhog see its shadow?
Mary said that I might have to do that.
Tom's first week on the job didn't go very well.
Let me get right to the point.
Tom mostly painted religious scenes.
Tom mostly painted scenes from the New Testament.
I'm sure he'll be delighted to see you.
I'm sure she'll be delighted to see you.
I'm sure that Tom will be delighted to see you.
These people are my friends.
I'm sure that Mary will be delighted to see you.
I've never loved anyone as much as much as I love Tom.
I've never loved anyone as much as I love Mary.
Everyone agreed it was the right decision.
Everyone agrees it was the right decision.
Everyone agreed that it was the right decision.
I couldn't just stand by and do nothing.
You can't just stand by and do nothing.
Tom doesn't have much time for recreation.
Tom attended a webinar.
You'd make a good lawyer.
Mary had a mammogram.
This test has a high false-positive rate.
The test results came back positive.
There is no simple solution.
There's no simple solution.
Tom and Mary claim to know why John did that.
How can I know if a boy likes me?
How can I know if a guy likes me?
How can I tell if a mushroom is poisonous?
Tom received an email.
Tom received an email from Mary.
Something seemed off.
I'm not embarrassed at all.
There's no reason to be embarrassed by it.
"I'm not embarrassed." "Yes you are."
I was just teasing him.
I was just teasing her.
Don't be embarrassed by who you are.
The weekend went by too fast.
Tom was embarrassed by the incident.
He was embarrassed by the incident.
She was embarrassed by the incident.
Tom could talk about squirrels for hours.
How about some hot chocolate?
Nothing is ever your fault, is it?
Tom was afraid of getting fired.
What did God create on the sixth day?
He fell into a pit.
Tom's friends are dangerous.
You have no right to judge me.
You have no right to judge me!
Fur protects animals from the cold.
I don't want the neighbours to see me and feel sorry for me.
I don't want you to see me this way.
I don't want you to see me sad.
The findings of the court have not been made public.
I found it difficult to track down information.
I find it difficult to balance my career and the needs of my children.
I got her to do it for me.
Get cracking!
They found something.
You found something.
I got to know her at the party.
Sami answered the questions.
Sami didn't know Arabic.
Sami started to go to an Islamic school.
Sami wasn't a big fan of the public school system.
Sami's Islamic school was an hour away from his home.
Sami put his kids in an Islamic school.
Sami sent us to an Islamic school.
Sami's Islamic school is an hour away from where he lives.
Sami's Islamic school is an hour away from his house.
Sami's Islamic school is an hour away from his place.
Layla looks pretty.
Layla looked pretty.
Sami told me what to do.
Sami feels free now.
Sami has to watch his every move.
Sami was super respectful.
Sami has to watch his mouth.
Sami has gotten away from Islam.
Sami just didn't care.
Sami's parents weren't super religious.
Sami didn't force hijab upon his sister.
Layla's father didn't force hijab upon her and her sister.
Sami didn't force hijab upon Layla and I.
Sami moved a little further from Islam.
Sami had a good surrounding.
Sami didn't talk bad about others.
Sami didn't like to gossip.
Sami kept his circle of friends very small.
Sami didn't like having three, four, five best friends. He has always had only one best friend.
Sami tried to keep his circle of friends very small.
Sami knew that this wasn't going to get him anywhere.
Layla started to wear hijab after she got married.
Layla wore the hijab before she got married.
Sami is a friend of Layla's.
Sami is a classmate of mine.
Sami passed away in 2006.
Sami and Layla became family.
Sami and Layla know each other.
Sami and Layla were very close to each other.
Sami was very outgoing.
Sami is your age.
Sami died so young.
Sami died at sixteen.
Sami should be doing this soon.
Sami should think about that.
Sami was leaving the next day.
Layla started wearing a crop top jacket.
Layla started wearing long-sleeved shirts.
Sami got up to pray fajr.
Sami went to school that day.
Layla had her scarf on.
Sami is so shocked.
Sami wonderd why Layla was wearing the scarf.
Sami didn't try to talk Layla into wearing the hijab.
Layla started wearing the hijab in mid-semester.
Layla is totally covered.
Sami and Layla were super nice.
Layla is wearing the hijab.
Sami and Layla look nice.
Sami didn't see Layla leave the house with the hijab.
Sami went to school like this.
Sami went to school like that.
Layla was wearing the scarf.
Layla felt like she wanted to wear the hijab and she wore it.
Layla is going to wear the hijab for ever.
Sami and Layla had an argument about the hijab.
Sami and his mom didn't speak to each other for six weeks.
Layla wasn't ready for the hijab.
Layla was a super girly girl.
Layla she wasn't ready to wear the hijab.
Layla felt like she had to wear hijab.
Layla is still girly.
Sami is not going to change.
Sami isn't going to change.
Sami didn't warn Layla.
Layla dressed modest.
Layla dressed pretty.
Sami is very proudn of who he is.
Layla looks very pretty.
Layla found that there were so many hijabis on Instagram.
Layla's hijab was so nice.
Layla started making YouTube videos for hijab.
Sami felt a lot more comfortable there.
Layla was selling gorgeous hijabs.
Layla was wearing a gorgeous hijab.
Layla's hijab is gorgeous.
Layla is wearing a new scarf.
Layla is wearing a hijab.
Layla has an amazing dress.
Layla is wearing an amazing dress.
Sami went to that website.
Sami gave Layla a few tips.
Layla had many questions about hijab.
Sami is making a video.
Sami's YouTube channel is for everyone.
Sami is scared and hopeless.
Sami is hopeless.
Sami Bakir is the president.
Sami Bakir is the vice-president.
His employer deducted $from his wages.
Sami Bakir is the president and Layla Adam is the vice-president.
Aart has always been a racist.
Sami has always been Islamophobic.
Sami doesn't feel safe.
Sami is scared for his brother.
Sami is scared for himself.
Sami is scared for his family.
Sami was scared for himself.
Sami and Layla gave each other hope.
Sami lost hope yesterday.
Sami has never been so scared in his life.
Sami stood in solidarity with us.
Sami isn't supposed to do this.
The foundation have decided to restore that lovely old house.
Sami never in his life really paid attention to racism and discrimination.
Sami knew he was safe.
Sami noticed so much racism in his life in the past few months.
Sami was so cruel and hateful.
Sami is so cruel.
Sami is so hateful.
Sami was so hateful.
Layla's hijab has brought her closer to God.
Layla has been thinking about wearing the hijab for a while.
Sami wanted to be with his people.
Sami was a hypocrite.
Sami has been thinking about this for so long.
Layla did natural hair videos on YouTube.
Sami knows things would be harder.
Sami knows things will be harder.
Sami wants to be with his people.
Sami doesn't want to do this alone.
Sami felt excluded.
Sami is not a lawmaker.
Sami isn't a lawmaker.
Sami is really confused right now.
Sami doesn't know what this means.
Sami doesn't know what this entails.
Sami is really hurt.
Sami and Layla are scared of something.
Sami was scared of me.
Sami is a scary guy.
Sami needs to fight for his rights.
Sami didn't bully anybody.
Sami was a big bully.
Sami never felt so disconnected.
Sami felt hopeless.
Sami's voice doesn't matter.
Sami wanted to make the world a better place.
Sami preaches so much about love.
Sami has to know himself.
Sami was scared of something.
Sami wanted to show that to Layla.
Sami doesn't feel like that.
Sami wants to be a better person.
Sami was tired of hearing stories.
There's nowhere for us to hide.
Sami is on the right side.
Sami doesn't have to live in fear.
Sami didn't come to Canada for this.
Sami ddin't come to Canada in for this.
Sami doesn't have this option.
Sami is a white supremacist.
Sami knows his rights.
Sami still has so many questions about Islam.
Layla still had so many questions about hijab.
Sami got blocked on Facebook.
Sami's comment was deleted and he got blocked.
Sami's comments were deleted.
Sami thanked Layla for supporting her through everything.
Sami is here to talk.
Sami knows a lot of people who are suffering.
Sami and Layla stuck together.
Sami and Layla need to have a discussion about this.
Sami and Layla need to talk.
Sami and Layla need to talk about this.
Sami wanted to pay Layla a lot of money for this.
Sami has cut his hair recently.
Layla's hair looks shorter.
Layla cut a ton of her hair.
Layla looks like her little sister.
Sami went on Instagram.
Sami didn't go on Twitter.
Sami did that on Instagram.
Sami will see it.
Sami asked some very weird questions.
Sami answered some personal questions.
Sami gave Layla terrible advice.
Sami received this e-mail more than once.
Sami received e-mails like these.
Sami deleted those e-mails.
Sami didn't do it intentionally.
Sami doesn't want to offend Layla.
Layla wasn't asking for this type of attention.
Sami asked something from Layla.
Sami was offended by Layla's thoughts on that.
Sami is trying to think about things logically.
Sami was receiving e-mails from friends.
Sami was checkin his e-mails.
Sami always wants to learn.
Sami received e-mails from various strangers.
Sami is not in that industry.
Sami isn't in that industry.
Layla posted some provocative pictures on Instagram.
Layla wore a short shirt.
Layla's legs are her best feature.
Layla showed her boobs.
Layla showed her legs.
Sami did a video about this.
Sami watched that video and got educated on that subject.
Sami is just different.
Sami ignored the message and deleted it.
Sami wanted Layla to shave her legs on camera.
Sami wanted Layla to shave her legs.
Sami saw Layla's e-mail.
Layla shaved her legs.
Layla was shaving her legs in her room.
Sami came across an e-mail from an e-mail address he was very familiar with.
Sami saw that e-mail address.
Sami doesn't do this kind of stuff.
Sami received a weird e-mail.
Sami offered Layla a shit ton of money to do that.
Sami doesn't put his name in the e-mail.
Sami came across Layla's Instagram page.
Layla is gorgeous.
Layla is lovely and beautiful.
Layla is lovely and gorgeous.
Sami will for sure be generous and compensate you for your time.
Sami wasn't looking for anything sexual.
Sami wasn't looking for anything physical.
Sami wanted to drink Layla's pee.
Sami wants to drink Layla's pee.
Sami wanted to taste Layla's shit.
Sami wanted to taste Layla's poop.
Sami was using the toilet.
Sami didn't flush the toilet.
Sami ate pool right from the toilet pool.
Sami was done using the toilet.
Sami isn't expecting anything else from you.
Sami used "poop" which is another word for "shit."
Sami wanted to have a convo with Layla.
Sami was shitting.
Sami was pooping.
Sami wanted to eat Layla's shit.
Sami wanted to eat shit.
Sami drank Layla's urine.
Sami drank Layla's pee.
Sami already knows the process.
Sami wanted Layla to go to the lobby.
Sami wanted to watch Layla peeing.
Sami wanted to watch Layla taking a shit.
Sami wanted to watch Layla shitting.
Sami isn't better than anybody by any means.
Sami has a very crazy mother.
Sami had a very crazy mother.
Layla showed her stomach.
Sami needs to take this picture down.
Sami paid Layla six hundred dollars.
Sami put a napkin around his neck and started eating.
Sami ate shit.
Sami ate poop.
Sami ate his own poop.
Sami shat in Layla's toilet.
Sami is very ignorant on this topic.
The book is for me; the flowers are for you.
Sami doesn't have any background information about that.
Sami saw Layla's photos.
Sami peed and shat in Layla's toilet.
Sami doesn't judge anybody.
She's younger than your sister.
Sami is being too judgy.
Sami never judges things that he doesn't understand.
Sami is too judgy.
Sami wasn't subscribed to my YouTube channel.
I'm not pulling out her teeth.
My phone is ringing.
This page was intentionally left blank.
Witnesses must give evidence on oath.
Three men gave evidence on oath against her.
Have you taken out an insurance policy?
I hope he is taking steps to put the matter right.
She took pity on him, because she loved the way he looked at her.
I tried to prevail on her to change his mind.
Nothing is ever their fault, is it?
I have a grievance about that. I believe it was unfair.
They were embarrassed by the incident.
The jury brought in a verdict of "guilty'.
Mary said she'd known that Tom would do that.
Far off is seen, above the billowy mere, / Trinacrian AEtna, and the distant roar / of ocean and the beaten rocks we hear, / and the loud burst of breakers on the shore; / high from the shallows leap the surges hoar, / and surf and sand mix eddying.
Mary married Layla.
Tom married Sami.
The lorry hit a car.
"Behold / Charybdis!" cries Anchises, "'tis the shore, / the dreaded rocks that Helenus foretold. / Row, comrades, for dear life, and let the oars catch hold."
In spite of everything, Tom is happy.
Tom and Sami decided to get divorced.
Mary and Layla decided to get divorced.
Independence? I'm not interested.
He spake, 'twas done; and Palinurus first / turns the prow leftward: to the left we ply / with oars and sail, and shun the rocks accurst.
It buried the bones.
Our dog dug up a skull.
Our dog digged up a skull.
He was exiled for having criticised the regime.
Your computer is infected with a virus.
Partridge meat is better than chicken meat.
There are swallows in the spring.
The thrushes come to our country in winter.
He felt ashamed about what he saw.
Anybody who feels cold can take another blanket.
Hey boy, bring us the dice.
I suppose the name of Maccus has been heard by some of you.
I suppose that some of you have heard the name of Maccus.
Maccus praised the stockings, praised the shoes.
Here Maccus says, tell me in good faith, did it never happen to you, that one whom you had furnished thus with leather stocking and shoes for a race, as now you have furnished me, went off without paying the price?
Now Maccus says: tell me in good faith, did it never happen to you, that someone you had equipped like this with leather stockings and shoes, as if for a race, as youve just equipped me, then left without paying the bill?
The shoemaker followed him forthwith, as fast as he could, bawling, stop the thief, stop the thief.
The shoemaker ran after him straight way, shouting, Stop thief, Stop thief!
He says smiling, and with a pleasant countenance, please nobody stop our running, the race is for a tankard of ale.
He says grinning, and with a pleasant demeanour, please dont interrupt our running, the race is for a tankard of ale.
The priest cries stop thief; the seller shouts stop the priest; the cheat cries stop the mad priest.
Nevertheless they say a prince is above the law.
For what the soul is to the body, a good prince is to the commonwealth.
Ludovicus rex Galliarum, peregrinaretur apud Burgundiones, occasione venationis nactus est familiaritatem cum quodam Conone, rustico homine, sed simplicis ac sinceri animi; nam monarchiae delectantur hominibus hoc genus.
Louis King of France, on a visit with the Burgundians, while hunting, became acquainted with one Conon, a countryman, but of honest and simple spirit, for monarchs are delighted with men of this sort.
The King, having understood the trick, says what, would you claim that I am a dog?
It is not safe, I hear, to play tricks with kings: just as lions sometimes come quietly to someone that rubs them, they are still lions when they choose, and then their playmate will lie dead.
They soaked pieces of bread in wine, dipping them into their ladles.
I want to hear.
What bad luck was this?
Did he eat his beans by himself then?
I would really like to hear this.
Then a little flesh from the tripe of an old cow is served up, but boiled fifteen days before.
It stinks then?
You have indeed increased my admiration, not removed it.
If any guest came in, they were given a place according to their worth.
Now you will begin to live.
The soup was nothing but water.
You have taken enough punishment, as if you had killed the Pope of Rome, or pissed on the sepulchre of St Peter.
But listen to the rest of the story.
The doctor smiled, and qualified his advice.
Eating and drinking a lot, is a matter of habit, not nature, believe me.
What riddle is this?
Perhaps you were busy.
No I was sweetly at rest.
I was fast asleep.
But it is pleasant to sleep.
Sleeping is pleasant.
Among the good things of the mind, wisdom holds the first place.
I am overcome by the truth.
The truth has beaten me.
What does it mean for a man to become fat other than that he will go about loaded down by a heavier pack? Tell me, if you had a servant, would you rather he was fat, or lively, and fit for any task?
Wine is best in the middle of the cask.
Wouldn't you hate a man very much who could and would shorten your life by some years through the evil arts? I judge those who voluntarily shorten their own lives as much worse and more criminal.
Now curls the wave, and lifts us to the sky, / now sinks and, plunging in the gulf we lie.
Would not you reckon the alchymist for a god, that could add ten years to the sum of your life, and call back advanced age to the vigour of youth?
Wouldnt you think an alchemist to be a god, if he could add ten years to your lifespan, and bring back old age to the vigour of youth?
I was by nature greedy of knowing new things, divers countries, cities, languages, and manners of men.
Eusebius: Right, so you hunted for religion in war? What could be more evil? Pampirus: It was a holy war. Eu: Perhaps against the Turks? Pa: No, something holier, as they said at the time. Eu: What? Pa: Julius the Second waged war against the French.
I was by nature greedy to know new things, different countries, cities, languages, and the customs of men.
Tom's grandmother passed away last night.
Tom's grandmother passed away.
Tom was sad when his grandmother passed away.
I thought that that would interest you.
I'll make a bargain with you.
You can't make everybody happy.
Don't make me wait so long.
Don't make me wait so long next time.
Next time, don't make me wait so long.
That's of no use to me.
I don't know why Tom would've done that.
I'm pretty sure that wasn't what Tom meant.
Tom blew on his hands to warm them up.
Tom is a few years older than Mary is.
I'm pretty sure that that wasn't what Tom meant.
Tom has dangerous friends.
This dictionary isn't useful at all.
Why do people die?
You have to use the right tool.
Grandma passed away.
Tom listened to his grandfather's stories.
Mary listened to her grandfather's stories.
Tom listened to his grandmother's stories.
Mary listened to her grandmother's stories.
Tom passed away in his sleep.
What happens after we die?
I used to like swimming.
But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only.
Tom ruffled Mary's hair.
Tom ruffled John's hair.
Tom's father ruffled his hair.
Mary knew right away that something was wrong.
When did man start using tools?
Tom knew right away that something was wrong.
When did people start using tools?
When did people start to use tools?
Tom knew right away something was wrong.
Tom knew right away that something wasn't right.
Tom knew right away something wasn't right.
Tom knew right away that something had gone wrong.
Tom knew right away something had gone wrong.
Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted.
Tom could hardly wait to tell his friends.
Mary could hardly wait to tell her friends.
Tom could hardly wait to tell Mary.
I won't make the same mistake twice.
Mary loves children.
Tom is good with children.
Tom would make a good father.
Tom would make a good father, don't you think?
Tom would make a good dad.
Tom could hardly wait to meet Mary.
I could hardly wait to see you.
Tom could hardly wait to see Mary again.
Tom could hardly wait to see the children again.
Tom could hardly wait to see Mary and the children again.
Tom's face turned red.
Wash the spoons.
Have you washed the dishes yet?
If you're a bad guy, it's your problem.
I know that Tom is shorter than me.
Thanks, Tom. I'll take it from here.
Tom glanced around the bedroom.
Tom begged Mary not to lie anymore.
Tom should've been finished writing the report by yesterday.
It wasn't meant to be.
Sami converted to Islam six and a half years ago.
Sami is a Muslim from Egypt.
Sami and I are twins.
Sami's grandfather is religious.
Sami's grandparents were religious.
Sami didn't have any faith of his own.
Sami's parents didn't have any faith of their own.
Sami loved watching nature documentaries.
Sami watches nature documentaries.
Sami loves nature documentaries.
Sami grew up believing in Islam.
Sami believed in the God of Islam.
Sami believes in the God of Islam.
Sami didn't even believe in God.
Sami didn't believe in religion.
Sami isn't interested in religion.
Sami prayed to the God of Islam.
Sami had behavioral issues.
Sami was kicking me and cussing me out.
Sami was a cancer patient.
Sami's sister is a cancer patient.
Sami pushed it a bit too far.
I will eat it.
Sami slapped her.
Sami left in tears.
Sami got on his knees.
I drank it.
Sami asked God to forgive him.
Sami upset his sister.
Sami's son slapped a boy in the park.
Find a job!
Sami slapped a boy in the park.
Sami's father was a Muslim.
Sami was at her house.
Sami took Layla to the kitchen to talk to her.
Sami is talking about Islam.
Sami was talking about Jesus.
Sami told me about his religion.
Sami is Muslim and he worships God alone.
Sami talked about Jesus, peace be upon him.
Sami is Muslim but his kids are Christian.
Sami's parents are Christian.
Sami is a good friend of mine.
Sami is a non-practising Muslim.
Sami hasn't become a Muslim yet.
Sami wasn't Muslim yet.
Sami wanted to read the Quran.
Sami never talked to his mom like that.
Sami's brother wasn't there.
Sami has a copy of the Quran.
Sami bought a copy of the Quran.
Sami's mom had a copy of the Quran.
Sami's girlfriend gave him a copy of the Quran.
Sami's Muslim girlfriend gave him a copy of the Quran.
Sami believes in Muhammad and Jesus, peace be upon them.
Sami believes in the existence of God.
It is a difficult task to make the history of political power struggles during the Joseon Dynasty culturally understandable to foreign readers.
Sami is not a hypocrite.
Sami isn't a hypocrite.
Sami believes in nothing.
Sami knows that Islam is the true religion.
Sami said that Islam is the true religion.
Sami couldn't deny that.
Sami read the Quran in a language that he understood.
Sami read a translation of the Quran.
Sami reads the Quran in the mosque.
Sami found a copy of the Quran in the church library.
Sami was teaching the Quran.
Sami was an arrogant person.
Sami is a proud Muslim.
Sami wasn't afraid of change.
Sami knew he needed that.
Sami knew he needed to change.
Sami is in the mosque.
Sami sat in a corner.
Sami wanted to take his shahada in the mosque.
Sami went to speak to the imam.
As I said the last time, Wednesday was the 22nd anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Sami wondered why Layla wanted to be a Muslim.
Sami didn't know the answer.
Sami took a Muslim name.
Sami's father accepted Islam.
Sami took his shahada in the mosque.
Sami was fiddling with the beads of his rosary.
Sami was counting the beads of his rosary.
It is said that people can live comfortably if the nation is ruled with virtue.
There is no way to cancel a show even if I collapse on stage.
Translate into the foreign language using clear and appropriate words.
Small rural villages or islands could be peaceful even in wartime.
The Greeks discovered the Italian peninsula in the 7th century BCE.
You are so cruel to make me decide who should go there.
Over my dead body shall I witness such a shameful sight.
Sami was dating a girl named Layla.
Layla was such a bitch.
Sami made my life a living hell.
Sami got his revenge on her.
Sami loves Layla's pictures.
Sami sent Layla a funny picture.
Layla was a raging bitch in high school.
Sami was just transferring into that school.
Sami was a freshman.
Sami went to this school.
Sami was so ridiculous.
Sami is transferring into this school.
Sami needs to know how to defend himself.
Sami always argued.
Sami is a sixteen year old freshman.
Sami was scoffing at Layla.
Sami has to go to the office.
Sami went to the office to get his ID printed.
Sami didn't even know how Layla made friends.
Sami swore on everything that he never said anything to Layla.
Sami looked over and saw Layla looking at him.
Sami doesn't even know what to say.
Sami wondered why Layla was so mad.
Sami was a complete stranger.
Sami was talking to you.
Sami doesn't know her name.
Sami can't stand her.
Sami doesn't even know my name.
Sami doesn't know why Layla is pissed.
Sami needs to go see a psychiatrist.
Sami pisses me off.
Sami is a human.
Sami called Layla a bitch.
Sami called Layla's mama a bitch.
Sami started walking to the buses.
Sami is so confused.
Sami's feelings were hurt.
Sami wasn't looking for fights.
Sami was being so mean to me.
Sami didn't even talk to you.
Sami has always been like that.
Sami shouldn't even worry about that.
Sami was never treated like that.
Sami was so close-minded and ignorant.
Sami has absolutely no background knowledge.
Sami started bullying Layla.
Sami saw Layla in the hallway.
Sami ran into Farid in the bathroom.
Sami was always trying to get Farid to fight him.
Sami was always trying to fight.
Sami is alwats trying to fight Farid.
Sami would call Layla "whore" every time she walks by.
Sami fought a lot.
Sami shouldn't let Layla get away with that.
Sami called me every fucking name in the book.
Sami called Layla every name in the book.
Sami's friends started laughing.
Layla was called a whore.
Sami always talks shit to me.
Sami would always talk shit to Layla.
Sami knows where she lives.
Sami never said anything.
Sami was a freshman just like us.
Sami lived in our apartment complex.
Sami was walking around the apartment complex.
Sami was short for his age.
Sami was really short.
Sami had a tendency to hit on any girl he saw.
Sami would hit on anybody who had boobs.
Sami would hit on any girl in the neighborhood.
Sami was kind of chubby.
Sami was annoying the fuck out of me.
Sami went thee to get some donuts.
Sami had his donuts.
Sami had a chocolate donut.
Sami walked by us.
Sami remembers this day.
Sami got on my last nerve.
Sami took a bite of his donut.
Sami spotted those girls.
Sami wanted a bite of my donut.
Sami walked next to me.
Sami got his own donut.
Sami took Layla's donut out of her hand.
Sami stole Layla's donut.
Sami ate Layla's donuts.
Sami and Layla aren't homies anymore.
Sami and Layla aren't homies.
Sami and Layla are homies.
Sami stopped focusing on his classes.
Sami was waiting for summer break to come.
Sami isn't as vocal as he used to be.
Sami doesn't talk as much shit to me as he used to do.
Sami started despising Layla.
Sami couldn't stand Layla.
Sami has already had a few fights under his bell.
Sami put me through so much shit.
Sami shouldn't fuck with me.
Sami made my life a living hell every single day during high school.
Sami and Layla went to the basketball court.
Sami and Layla went to the swimming pool together.
Sami went to a laundromat.
Sami's parents were both at work.
Sami ran out of clean clothes.
Sami and Layla went to the laundromat.
Sami and Layla went to the laundromat together.
Sami folded his laundry on that table.
Sami was folding his laundry.
Sami was folding his clothes.
Sami is folding his laundry.
Sami put on the timer.
Sami put his clothes into the dryer.
Sami didn't go back to the laundromat.
Sami left his clothes in the dryer.
Sami stole Layla's clothes.
Sami ran over to his house.
Sami took a sip of his beer.
Sami ran over to the laundromat.
Sami left the door of the laundromat open.
Sami was trying to find a light switch.
Sami couldn't find the light switch.
Sami went towards the back of the room.
Sami was feeling on the wall, trying to find a light switch.
Sami turned on the lights.
Sami was feeling on the walls.
Sami was sitting on that table.
Sami was on that table.
Layla was giving Sami head.
Sami found Layla giving head to Farid in the laundromat.
Sami doesn't know why Layla acted like that.
Sami was wiping his mouth.
Sami couldn't have heard us.
Sami heard somebody coming into the room.
Sami didn't have any compassion towards Layla.
Sami was calling Layla every name in the book.
Tom and Sami's marriage didn't last very long.
I made my own potato crisps.
The view is beautiful.
My heart is at peace.
Thrice roar the caverned shore-cliffs, thrice the spray / whirls up and wets the dewy stars on high.
Tom will try to talk Mary out of it.
Thus tired we drift, as sinks the wind and day, / unto the Cyclops' shore, all weetless of the way.
Kabylians love Che Guevara.
Karl Marx came to Kabylia.
General de Gaulle visited the village Tizi Hibel.
According to science, humans evolved from monkeys.
Tom and Mary don't know what to do.
Yidir waters his trees every day.
I've seen him with my own eyes and heard him with my own ears.
Today, we eat couscous with dried meat at dinner.
It was Darwin who wrote "On the Origin of Species".
Monotheistic religions are a big lie for humanity.
It was a spacious harbour, sheltered deep / from access of the winds, but looming vast / with awful ravage, AEtna's neighbouring steep / thundered aloud, and, dark with clouds, upcast / smoke and red cinders in a whirlwind's blast. / Live balls of flame, with showers of sparks, upflew / and licked the stars, and in combustion massed, / torn rocks, her ragged entrails, molten new, / the rumbling mount belched forth from out the boiling stew.
But I saw thee lately throw six Carthusians into the dirt, so that they came out black instead of white. Thou in the mean time didst laugh, as if the thing had been well done.
Where didst thou get so miserable a luggage, blinkard? Nay whither art thou carrying that bawdy company, thou rake?
Henricus: But these old fellows are good. Hugitio: How knowest thou? Hen: Because I drank with them thrice by the road extraordinary good ale. Hug: Ha, ha, hae, so they are good with thee.
Henricus: But these old men are good. Hugitio: How do you know? Hen: Because I drank extraordinarily good beer with them three times by the side of the road. Hug: Ha, ha, ha, so they are good to you.
Where did you get such miserable cargo, blinky? Rather, where are you carrying that debauched lot, you philanderer?
In the mean time we drank much salt water.
There we experienced the incredible humanity of the nation, furnishing us with all things, with wonderful chearfulnes; lodging, fire, meat, cloaths, provisions for our way home.
A: You will not go again to sea hereafter, I suppose. B: Not unless God take away my wits from me.
A: You will not go to sea after all this, I suppose. B: Not unless God takes my sanity from me.
There we experienced the incredible humanity of the nation, giving us everything, with amazing cheerfulness; lodging, fire, meat, clothes, provisions for our way home.
Tom and Mary said they'd be a bit late.
Don't worry, I'm taking care of it.
Mary is the prettiest woman I know.
I have some strawberries. Do you want some?
I watch a football match on television with my friend.
What happened between the two?
Are mussels molluscs?
I can't see anything without glasses.
Hey, let's reconcile.
Humans too are friends of the animals.
You yourself should understand the importance of it.
The scenery is beautiful and my mind is peaceful.
Now, listen carefully to what I am saying.
I'm going to live alone.
Oh, that's fascinating.
Do you want to take a lap?
Do you want to go on a walk?
Will you dance with me right now?
I didn't do much last year.
Things don't always happen the way we intend.
Things don't always happen the way we would like them to.
Something wonderful happened on October 20.
Something terrible happened on October 20.
What happened on October 20?
These two pieces fit together.
Tom found two pieces that fit together.
Solving puzzles is fun.
Tom and Mary are assembling a jigsaw puzzle.
Tom and Mary are assembling a giant puzzle.
Tom is assembling a jigsaw puzzle.
Why do these things always happen to you?
Why do these things always happen to me?
Why do these things always happen to Tom?
Why do these things always happen to Mary?
Everything that I said is true.
Good morning, honey.
Have you picked a name?
Have you picked a name yet?
Have you picked a name for the baby?
I was only dancing with him.
I was only dancing with her.
I was only dancing with Tom.
I was only dancing with Mary.
What does Tom think about all this?
I suggest you have a talk with Tom.
I suggest you have a talk with Mary.
That's what this is really about, isn't it?
It's permissible to doubt.
It's okay to doubt.
You paying?
I accidentally spilled coffee on the mat.
I accidentally spilled coffee on my computer's keyboard.
Tom will try persuade Mary to do that.
I'm the one who'll most likely have to do that.
Let's drink to Tom's success.
Are you paying?
Let's be friends again.
Let's get back together again.
It's OK to have doubts.
Tom is very highly strung and easily offended.
I drank extraordinarily good beer from them.
Why didn't Tom tell me about Mary?
I drank good beer.
Let us repeat together, so each of us will recite it better before the Master.
Come on, be attentive, so you dont let me go wrong.
Im more prepared to listen than you are to recite.
"Would you like to repeat the lesson with me? I would.
Come on, we will give it a go.
Begin when you want.
You speak fairly.
Then lets us chat a little.
What are you afraid of, when there is nothing to fear?
It is not appropriate for us to hang about or gossip here while we are waiting for the master.
Why aren't you writing?
The Netherlands is divided into twelve provinces.
I have other business, which is very important to me.
On New Year's Evening the people in The Netherlands eat oliebollen.
Take it, use it as you like, but do not abuse it.
I come from below.
Do not dare move a foot from here until I return.
I would rather die than watch something so shameful.
Tom asked me to do something that I knew I shouldn't do.
This wall crushed my toe.
In the meantime we drank a lot of salt water.
I come in the morning.
None of Tom's advice was very useful.
I used to pray in the mosque.
He used to work there.
Stand straight.
Why don't you fish on the sea?
Cologne had an aqueduct.
Her hair was as light as the clouds.
His Fortnite profile backfired.
Her eyes were as black as ebony and as deep as the sea.
I love fruit loops, especially the grape ones.
Finding a name on Roblox was... annoying.
I'm sure your father is proud of you.
It was a humid, grey summer day at the end of June.
The climate is hot in the desert.
Tomorrow, we'll organise a demonstration against the abuse of power.
I need to forget him.
He asked his friend.
The boy thought that she was a woman.
The man rode a horse.
The boy injured his hand.
Do you eat beef?
YouTube is banned in China.
Being isolated is a sad feeling.
Jenny died of cancer.
Her family wept and wished her well at college and university.
I love mango pudding.
Cookies and milk are the perfect combo.
Nothing gold can stay.
Try watching a sunset, said Anne, her eyes full of pride and joy.
That doesn't excuse what you did.
That doesn't excuse what you did either.
That doesn't excuse what you did!
I didn't expect to see you back so soon.
I'll see you in a few weeks.
I wish you hadn't told me that.
Mary was wearing a black dress.
She was wearing a red dress.
Tom nursed the wounded bird back to health.
Tom found an injured bird.
I knew it was a trick.
Would you leave us alone for a few minutes?
Could you leave us alone for a few minutes?
October was the day Tom found his little squirrel injured in the garden and started nursing it back to health.
Tom clasped his hands behind his back.
Mary clasped her hands behind her back.
You're clearly not thinking straight.
Tom was clearly not thinking straight.
October was the day Tom found a little squirrel injured in the garden and started nursing it back to health. It was the start of a long friendship.
It was the start of a long friendship.
Mary fixed her hair in front of the mirror.
When did you buy those?
All I did was stretch the truth a little.
Tom decided to stretch the truth a little.
Mary decided to stretch the truth a little.
I never should have doubted you.
Tom rolled up his pants.
Tom had no idea that Mary liked him.
Tom found out too late who Mary was.
Tom always says hi to his neighbors.
Tom told me that he went to Boston.
Tom told me that he had no enemies.
Tom is likely to do that, isn't he?
Tom shouldn't have told Mary that.
Tom said that he'll come tomorrow.
Tom says that he's in good shape.
Tom said that he agreed with you.
I never should've doubted you.
My neighbors are crazy.
Give me water!
Give me some water!
How long did you have to wait for the bus?
It should be smooth sailing from here out.
Mary helped me to put things in perspective.
Tom has a few errands to run tomorrow.
Tom is our top contributor.
The fish market will schuck the oysters for you.
Should I buy an oyster schucking knife?
Tom's apartment is really small.
Tom wasn't much older than Mary.
Tom thought that no one saw him.
Tom said that he liked it a lot.
Tom isn't much older than Mary is.
Tom invited Mary over for lunch.
Tom and Mary split up last week.
Tom always greets his neighbors.
Tom shouldn't say that to Mary.
What was the name of the last song you sang tonight?
Tom was once addicted to sequencing music.
Tom eats when he is stressed.
You're not going to die here.
You aren't going to die here.
Don't tell anyone about our plan.
Tom's sister's name is Ria.
Where is my Meerschaum pipe?
Tomorrow, I'll show you the library.
I think that Esperanto is very complicated.
What type of car do you have?
Go over there!
But not long ago I saw you throw six Carthusian monks into the mud, with the result that they emerged black instead of white. You meanwhile laughed, as if you'd done a good thing.
Can you give me your address please?
Finally winter starts.
Can you point me in the direction of the central station?
Go search for something to eat in the refrigerator.
I'm sure that you can find something to eat in the refrigerator.
Can I meet you tomorrow?
I never drink coffee with milk.
Tom is a gourmet.
Tom had to push his bicycle today because it had a flat tire.
Tom has lived in Paris for years.
The dog sleeps on the couch.
Our goal is the complete understanding of the events around us and our existence.
Each mathematical formula in a book divides its selling price by two.
The universe was created spontaneously out of nothing, according to the laws of science.
A truck was blocking the bridge.
The weather is bad today, but tomorrow will be beautiful.
Mary is not in Berlin, but in Paris
This car isn't old. It's new.
Drink to the new year.
Tom is perseverant and intelligent.
Tom goes to the forest.
Mary doesn't want to go to school anymore.
Tom always runs fast.
Tom ate a hamburger with fries.
I notice that you bought the latest fashionable device.
Journalists find that information become easy to obtain thanks to the Internet.
By tonight, you have to fix the bathroom faucet.
It's possible that I'll go to your house with my new friend.
It would be good for us to do physical exercises.
It is unlikely that it'll rain tomorrow.
You can dance until midnight.
What are we eating for lunch today?
Do you like small sausages?
In the morning, we had a violent storm.
He is at a conference in Stockholm.
She was not at all impatient.
Both alternatives are possible.
Tom has a small pie.
He is on his way to the school.
Tom's father is old.
Tom's brother is strong.
It's completely incomprehensible.
Why buy a new car when the old one still works?
I ate ice cream too.
There are more inhabitants in Berlin than in Paris.
Tom is injured in the leg.
Mary has a cat, but she wants a dog.
I will never eat pasta again.
Does chewing gum break the fast?
Sami has performed Umrah twice.
Sami is saving up money to perform Hajj.
Sami bought a ram to sacrifice for Eid.
Sami and Layla are milk siblings.
Sami is Fadil's milk brother.
Layla is a mother of six, living in the south west of England.
Layla wants to talk about something she gets asked a lot.
Layla covered herself up.
Layla covers her head.
Sami converted to Islam when he was sixteen years old.
Layla converted to Islam and started to wear the hijab straight away.
Sami watched a lot of tutorials on YouTube.
Sami started fasting before he was even Muslim.
Sami started visiting the Islamic center before he became Muslim.
Layla started wearing the scarf before even becoming Muslim.
Layla had to cover up to enter the mosque.
Sami felt offended.
Layla wears the scarf.
Layla wears an Islamic scarf.
Layla started watching YouTube tutorials about how to wear the Islamic scarf.
Layla was watching YouTube videos about how to wear the hijab.
Layla is doing YouTube videos about the hijab.
Sami thought this was really strange.
Sami told me he felt offended.
Sami felt offended by that.
Layla started to wear the scarf before she became a Muslim.
Sami became Muslim.
Sami's mom was not happy at all.
Sami was quite shocked by this.
Sami's mom wasn't happy at all.
Sami and his mom didn't speak for a couple of days.
Layla started wearing the scarf in front of her parents.
Layla started wearing the scarf in front of her parents again.
Layla was a part-time hijabi for quite a long time.
Layla started to wear the hijab properly.
Sami started university.
Sami knows Layla from church.
Sami can't possibly know me from church because I'm not Christian. I'm Muslim.
Sami had no idea Layla was Muslim.
Sami offered Layla alcohol.
Sami didn't know that I was Muslim.
Layla wanted people to know that she was Muslim.
Sami was literally so nervous.
Sami supported Layla in her journey.
Sami didn't know a lot of people then.
Sami just forgot about it.
"It is not appropriate for us to hang about or gossip here while we are waiting for the master." "What are you saying? It is not appropriate; no, rather, we must not, or we will be whipped."
Layla didn't wear the hijab properly.
Layla loved to wear this hijab.
Layla wore a silky scarf.
Layla's husband is in Egypt.
Layla tried that hijab on and she hated it.
Sami couldn't hear properly.
Layla started wearing that hijab.
Layla loved this hijab.
Sami felt bad about this.
Layla started wearing the hijab in front of her parents again.
Sami wears a turban.
Sami was wearing a turban.
Layla wears the Islamic headscarf.
Layla never wears an abaya.
Layla wore wide-leg trousers.
Layla started to wear the hijab.
Layla didn't want to wear hijab.
Layla will wear hijab for ever.
Sami is quite happy.
Sami was reading through the comments.
Sami needs to move past it.
Sami needs to move past this.
Layla doesn't deal well with drama.
Layla was involved in a lot of drama in high school.
Sami doesn't like hurting people like that.
Sami supported Layla in that decision.
Sami and Layla had a good laugh.
Sami didn't know who Layla and Farid were.
Layla met a really sweet guy.
Sami wanted to know what happened to her.
Sami started to date Layla.
Sami and Layla went to school.
Sami gave Layla her jewelry back.
Sami went to the field.
Sami seemed like a crazy person.
Sami should keep his crazy shit to himself.
Sami threw Layla's jewelry in the trash.
Sami deserved this.
Sami was in a different place.
Sami wasn't distracted.
Sami helped Layla with her homework sometimes.
Sami told Layla how he felt about her.
Sami and Layla were technically dating.
Sami was out for the day.
Sami hardly ever missed school.
Sami went to his Arabic class.
Sami knew something was a little bit off.
Sami and Layla wanted to stay in touch.
Sami came sit next to me.
Sami was being an asshole.
Sami and Layla would talk all the time.
Sami ended up coming and sitting next to Layla.
Sami and Layla were working on that project.
Sami knew there was something going on between Layla and Farid.
Sami and Layla talk.
Sami and Layla are together now.
Sami's curiousity was piqued.
Layla was dating somebody.
Sami never met this girl in his life.
Sami was a long-time family friend.
Sami is Layla's first.
Sami doesn't know where Layla is at today.
Sami knows where she is.
Sami is at a funeral with Layla.
Sami and Layla grew up in the same neighborhood.
Sami didn't date anybody else.
Sami never heard about this girl before.
Sami is at a funeral.
Sami was with that chick that was his first.
Sami is talking to that chick.
Sami started getting a little bit worried.
Layla's guy passed away.
Sami took Layla to the funeral.
Sami went to the funeral with Layla.
Sami had a family emergency.
Sami will text you later.
Sami didn't know that I was going to know.
Sami woke up to a good morning text from Layla.
Sami never told me about Layla.
Sami didn't want to sit here.
Sami doesn't want to look stupid.
Sami and Layla were not together.
Sami and Layla were talking like they were dating.
Sami didn't text Layla.
Sami doesn't know what's going on for sure.
Sami finished his project.
Sami wept.
Sami went back and sat next to Layla.
Sami was missing a sixth day of school.
Sami was dating that bitch.
Sami is innocent.
Sami didn't text Layla anymore.
Sami was a little sketchy with Layla.
Sami was being a little sketchy with Layla.
Sami is Layla's first love.
Sami didn't talk to Layla about it.
Sami would never chase after a girl.
Sami went to Arabic class.
Sami knew he was going to see Layla.
Sami didn't even look Layla's way.
Sami didn't have time for it.
Sami didn't worry about Layla.
Sami gave me the news.
Sami should have told Layla.
Sami made Layla look stupid.
Sami was chilling with that other girl.
Sami hasn't heard from her.
Sami could feel Layla staring at him.
Sami kept coughing.
Sami was doing some worksheets.
Sami couldn't come across the room and talk to Layla.
Sami is stubborn.
Sami needed to sharpen his pencil.
Sami went out to sharpen his pencil.
Sami started sharpening his pencil.
Sami refused to look at Layla.
Sami tossed a piece of paper on Layla's desk.
Sami is writing Layla letters.
Sami sat there for another five minutes.
Sami is having lunch with Layla.
Sami and Farid are like best friends.
Sami giggled.
Sami started reading Layla's letter.
Sami packing up everything in his backpack.
Sami has plans with Layla.
Sami can only give Layla fifteen minutes.
Sami and Layla went to the lunchroom.
Sami and Layla sat at that table.
Sami needs to tell me what's going on.
Sami needs to tell me what is going on.
Sami already told me.
Sami never talked to me about Layla before.
Sami could have just texted me.
Sami acted like I didn't exist.
Sami thought Layla was sick.
Sami's parents were separated.
Sami moved to another state.
Mennad brought Baya and her mom to his house.
Sami's funeral was over.
Sami was at the funeral.
Sami should let Layla know that he is OK.
Sami is not Layla's boyfriend.
Sami isn't Layla's boyfriend.
Sami looked stupid.
Sami hoped everything was good with Layla.
Sami respected the fact that Layla and Farid had history.
Sami and Layla could stay friends.
Sami said what he had to say.
Sami didn't have a reason for not texting Layla.
Sami and Layla spent the night together.
Sami and Layla have just broken up.
Layla didn't wear the jewelry.
Layla hasn't worn the jewelry yet.
Layla never wore the jewelry.
Layla gave Sami his jewelry back.
Sami walked away from his locker.
Sami had an older brother that was a junior.
Sami's brother had a crush on me.
Sami was at his locker with Layla.
Sami came over to me.
Sami came over to his locker.
Layla agreed to go to the movies with Sami.
Sami asked Layla to the movies.
Sami decided to do it anyways.
Sami wants to go to the movies with Layla.
Sami met Layla at the movies.
Sami took the public bus.
Sami has always been so nice.
Sami also cares about Layla.
Sami doesn't want to hurt Layla.
Sami never was Layla's man.
Sami is here with two friends.
Sami shook her hand.
Sami came to the movies with me.
Sami chose Layla.
Sami shouldn have told this to Layla when he had the chance.
Sami has to go to Arabic.
Sami broke Layla's heart that day.
Sami didn't want to hurt Layla either.
Sami didn't mean to hurt Layla.
Sami has already made up his mind that I hurt him.
Sami signed Layla's yearbook.
Sami left Layla a sweet note in her yearbook.
Sami wants to hear about that.
Sami isn't subscribed to my channel.
Long live the geriocracy!
Long live the gerontocracy!
Don't scratch yourself!
I'd be expelled from the country.
Mary and Tom have a horse lorry.
Mary and Tom have a horse truck.
Mary and Tom have a horsetruck.
Tom did it more than once.
Mary did it more than once.
We did it more than once.
They did it more than once.
Tom swore he did not do it more than once.
Tom has done it more than once.
Tom's team is the only one to have done it more than once.
Tom's team is the only one to have done it more than once so far.
Tom is the only one to have done it more than once.
Did you do it more than once?
Tom asked Mary if she had done it more than once.
He did it more than once.
She did it more than once.
Tom is sleeping downstairs on the couch.
Mary looked furious.
It's clearly a hoax.
It's clearly a fake.
The rabbit plunged into its burrow and disappeared.
I'm not a great carpenter.
That's sloppy work.
Tom and Mary did it more than once.
The girl is playing.
"Why aren't you writing?" "Because I don't like it."
Why do you not write? Because it doth not please me.
Where are these childrens parents?
Go on, say it out loud, you have recited everything very well.
The waitress found a new job at the new restaurant down the street.
"Whom did you give your share to?" Her brother asked her. "I gave it to my mum," she answered him.
Tom started doing squat thrusts in the waiting room.
When Tom's head started nodding, the bartender cut him off.
Humans are designed to eat fruit, not grains, which is really just grass. Cows eat grass.
All our modern health problems come from the invention of agriculture.
Sekkura owes me DA.
Tom wants to go back to sleep.
I owe to Yidir 10,DA.
This is my property. From now on, don't enter here anymore.
"But the master told you to." "I know, but I have something to read first; and besides, there is nothing that I wish to write just now."
"Do you remember it now?" "I think so, I will make an attempt at it, if you will listen to me."
"Come on, let's give it a go." "What are we waiting for then?"
In the tavern we do not think how we will be dust, but rush to gamble at dice, which always makes us sweat.
From a Pope to a King, everyone drinks without restraint.
There is to be no penalty without previous law.
The bishop drinks, and the deacon, the sister drinks, the brother drinks, the old woman drinks, the mother drinks, this one drinks, that one drinks, a hundred drink, a thousand drink.
He woke up and found himself in a meadow full of flowers.
You'll find my phone number on the business card I gave you yesterday.
Is that thief arrested or not yet?
Tom is looking for trouble.
"Have you memorised it?" "Not well enough perhaps."
"Will you repeat the lesson with me?" "I will."
I hope that Tom isn't sick.
Come on, pay attention, dont let me get it wrong. I am more prepared to listen than you to recite.
I have the impression that Mary is new here.
Alright! I'm waiting for you in the restaurant.
Let us repeat it together, so both of us will recite it more accurately to the Master. You start then, as you challenged me.
Tom always travels by car.
Have you memorised it? I think so yes.
Tom sleeps on my bed.
We will not stay long.
"What are you repeating?" "The task which the Master set us today."
"What are you doing?" "I am repeating by myself."
Tom wants to stay at home to watch television.
Tom ate sweet potatoes and cheese for breakfast.
Where are these childrens' parents?
Why are you away again?
Echetla is a Sicilian city.
He deserves a reward.
"Oh, if only you would write for me." "What exactly?"
"I have the Master's dictations to write out." "What dictations?" "On Cicero's letters."
I wish Donald Trump were dead instead of the eight people killed today in Pittsburgh.
Do you know my husband?
I don't know your brother.
"I will willingly write out for you, but stay till tomorrow." "I will stay then, but do not fail, I pray." "I will not fail."
"I will willingly write it out for you, but wait until tomorrow." "I will wait then, but do not fail to do it, please." "I will not fail."
Who told you that he is dead?
We went on a tour boat.
We sat in a boat.
Halt! You are not allowed to park here!
Who can do more, can do with less.
After becoming a powerlifter, Tom noticed that people in general seemed more interested in him.
Tom dreaded the amount of tutorials required to master the new technology.
Tom can never say no to pudding.
It is his character that makes each one his destiny.
Do you teach?
One train can hide another.
He is a bit hungry.
Attention! The water is not potable!
Begin where you want.
Now my mind began to waver, whether I should return to merchandise which I had given over, or pursue religion flying from me. In the mean time it comes into my mind that they might be joined together.
Now my mind began to waver, whether I should return to business which I had given up, or pursue religion which was fleeing from me. In the meanwhile it came to my mind that they might be brought together.
They soaked that clay bread in wine of very old dregs.
They soaked that bread, solid as clay, in very old dregs of wine.
Ahmed is a jealous person.
Do not be ashamed of the blots. Whoever sees them will understand that they were made by my tears.
The eagle, king of birds, looks on the sun. The vulture and the raven feed on carrion. The kite pursues chickens.
The falcon, the hobby, and the hawk, catch small birds; the Gerfalcon, pigeons and larger birds.
Among the rest, the most able are: the ever watchful Crane, the mournful turtle dove, the cuckoo, the stock dove, the woodpecker, the jay, the crow and so on.
A plant which is larger and hardier than a herb is called a shrub, are such as: in banks and ponds, the rush, the bullrush, cask without knots, bearing catstails, and the reed, which is knotty and hollow inside.
You start then, as you challenged me.
"Will you write out the lesson for me?" "Why have you not written it?" "Because I was busy yesterday."
"Don't I recall it correctly?" "Not well enough yet, read it again, again and again." "I'll do that."
"You listen to me then while I recite the lesson, and I will listen to you afterwards." "Go on, recite it."
Do you have room for one more?
Let's look at the configuration file.
Any new cheeses?
You always order the same thing.
There's never enough time.
Mary did not see you yesterday.
Tom can't comprehend it.
Tom wants to become a veterinarian.
She has a great number of books.
He drew a boat on the paper.
He can't control his sentiments.
The boat was heading to Cairo.
He has a good auditory memory.
Could you lower the music?
Is my French really so bad?
Is Tom's cat black?
Tom can't find his backpack anymore.
Mary offers a bouquet of flowers to her sister.
Never talk to me again!
Honestly, my dear, I don't care at all!
It's hardly believable!
The white swan, the goose and the duck swim; the Cormorant dives. To these can be added the water hen, the pelican and so on.
The osprey and the sea mew, fly down to catch fish, but the Heron catches them while standing on the banks. The bittern puts its bill into the water and bellows like an ox. The water wagtail wags its tail.
Mary lay down on her back.
The view was spectacular.
Tom touched Mary's arm.
Tom has a picture of a squirrel on his bedroom wall.
Tom has a picture of a girl in a bikini on his bedroom wall.
Tom has a picture of a beautiful girl in a bikini on his bedroom wall.
Mary bought some nail polish.
Tom stayed in the bathroom for a very long time.
Mary stayed in the bathroom for a very long time.
Can you distinguish barley from wheat?
Can you tell barley from wheat?
Tom goes surfing every day.
Tom goes surfing every weekend.
She seemed disappointed with the result.
Tom's room is tidy.
Tom's room is tiny.
When Mary left him, Tom was devastated.
When Tom left her, Mary was devastated.
Love is not outside you. It's inside you.
My ex cheated on me.
Tom's ex cheated on him.
Mary's ex cheated on her.
Betty Page was a pin-up girl.
There was a poster of a pin-up girl on the wall.
The brakes failed on the truck.
I don't feel like talking to anyone.
Tom placed the dishtowel over his shoulder.
Mary placed the towel over her shoulder.
Tom slung the towel over his shoulder.
What happened on October twentieth?
Tom shouldn't have hugged Mary.
Tom is waiting for Mary's call.
Tom had no idea Mary liked him.
Tom created a website for Mary.
Tom told us he had a headache.
Tom told me he went to Boston.
Tom told me he had no enemies.
Tom put his feet on the floor.
Tom is very angry with me now.
Tom has no choice but to stay.
I didn't want you to see me crying.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, and ten are numbers.
We are Portuguese, and you?
There was a knight, a very respectable man.
Sami wanted it to be a surprise.
Sami is blind.
Sami was reading his newspaper.
Sami drives an old pick-up truck.
Sami was picking on Layla.
Sami was playing loud music.
Sami was honking at Layla.
Sami was playing the piano.
Sami heard Layla say this.
Sami didn't touch the box.
Sami asked Layla not to touch the box that was in the front seat.
Sami was preparing for another concert.
Sami sits around all day, doing nothing.
Sami didn't want to retire so early.
Sami and Layla were playing checkers.
Sami got sick and tired of this.
Sami kept the piano looking good.
Sami is coordinating everything in here.
Sami is an old man.
Sami was in the junkyard.
Sami is an old man here.
Sami will be gone soon.
Sami's mom will be gone soon and all this will be his.
Sami became a millionaire.
Sami wanted to be a millionaire.
Sami wanted to become a millionaire.
Sami's mom has been dead for years.
Sami's mom has been dead for sixteen years.
Sami has been complaining about his heart for as long as I can remember.
Sami has company.
Sami drank all the wine.
Sami drank a whole bottle of wine.
Sami really got me upset.
Sami couldn't stand being poor like this.
Sami and Layla live in the same room.
Sami and Layla sleep in the same bed.
Sami is rolling in the lap of luxury here.
Sami's computer cable made me trip and fall.
Sami went over there and sat down.
Sami wants to show us something.
Sami's pictures are perfect.
Sami bought a pretty good piece of china.
Sami can't even tell china from porcelain.
Sami collects china dishware.
Sami went to get his glass.
Sami went to get his glasses.
Sami had a whole collection of china dishware.
Sami went to get his mug.
Sami asked Layla to wait.
Sami can see the house now.
Sami was driving alone.
Sami lives in the part of Hollywood where all the movie stars live.
Layla was wearing a neglige.
Layla was wearing a pair of mules.
Sami is sure Layla is a movie star.
Layla's neglige was missing a pompom.
Sami has no money.
Sami wanted six bucks for it.
Sami gave Layla sixteen dollars for that antique piece.
Sami likes music wherever he goes.
Sami was worried about other people's reactions.
Sami remembers all of those feelings.
Sami was really encouraging and supportive.
Layla absolutely loves this hijab.
Layla started to really enjoy wearing the hijab.
Layla and Salima took their hijabs off.
Sami felt bad about that.
Sami ended up moving to Egypt for a while.
Sami felt he could be himself and wear what he wanted.
Sami knew that Layla was Muslim.
Sami covered his neck.
Layla was modest.
Layla wore an abaya.
Layla bought a few abayas before.
Layla never wears abayas.
Layla was with her dude.
Sami was in line, waiting to get his ticket.
Sami took my order and Layla's.
Sami went to get us some snacks.
Sami was with two of his friends.
Sami saw Layla across the room.
Layla is Sami's milk mother.
Sami is Layla's milk son.
Sami is a cultural Muslim.
Sami gave a prayer rug to Fadil.
Sami started to recite Surah Zalzalah during the earthquake.
The upright love thee.
No one understands Omar's gibberish.
Tom has decided to take his life into his own hands.
"Where have you come from?" "I come from below." "What business did you have there?" "I went for a pee."
"I will not press you, nor can I really, but at least lend me your book." "Take it, use it as you please, but do not abuse it." "Theres nothing to worry about here."
"Look for another writer to help you, I cannot do this for you now." "Why not?" "I have other business, which is very important to me."
"Take my book and copy it out." "You are not ignorant that I write slowly, and you would copy the whole thing quicker than I would do four or five verses."
You speak very well, let us find somewhere quiet in case anyone should disturb us.
Is Tom American or Canadian?
"But if the Monitor finds us, he will think we are gossiping." "What do you fear, when there is nothing to be feared? If he does come, he will not find us being idle, or doing anything bad; let him hear our conversation if he wants."
"I also." "Then let us talk together a little."
"Have you memorised the things which have to be recited at three o'clock?" "I have."
"What you say is right, so pay attention." "I am paying attention, so repeat it."
"Why is that?" "Because you invited me."
"Begin when you want." "But it's your turn to begin."
The pheasant, the bustard, the deaf wild peacock, the moorhen, the partridge, the woodcock and the thrush are said to be delicacies.
The trunk is attached to the root. A log is the body of the tree cut down, without boughs: having bark and rind, pith and heart.
It's a polite way of saying no.
This area is off limits.
That's actually very common.
That's very common actually.
"Now sit at the table and wait in the chamber until I return." "What should I do in the meantime?" "Learn your lesson for tomorrow, so that you can recite it to me before supper."
This is a really interesting question.
This is a very interesting question.
This is an interesting question.
"I have learnt it already, master." "Go and play, then."
What is your Skype display name?
One of them.
He is coming tomorrow.
I wanted you to know that I'm still your friend.
Tom was on his way to church.
Benjamin Netanyahu is a great enemy of the Jewish people.
The people thirst for freedom.
Jaffer betrays his people.
He cleared his field and prepared it for pre-winter plowing.
We were having dinner when a beggar broke into our house.
It's lemon flavoured.
Sekkura is a svelte woman.
It's filled with cocoa cream.
Megduda prepares delicious meals.
Megduda is jealous when she sees Sekkura playing with Yidir.
Sekkura is irritated whenever Megduda sits next to her.
Sami has four wives.
The bee makes honey, which the drone devours. The wasp and the hornet molest with a sting: and especially cattle, so do the gadfly (breeze), the fly and the gnat.
The butterfly is a winged caterpillar. The beetle covers its wings with cases. The glowworm shines at night.
Tatoeba is a good website for language learning.
The dog with the puppy is the master of the house. The cat rids the house of mice, which a mousetrap also does.
The squirrel, the ape and the monkey, are kept at home for amusement. The dormouse and other larger mice, such as the weevil, the martin, the ferret, trouble the home.
Nevermind, I figured it out by myself.
What a wonderful day.
You have cats?
The bull, the cow and the calf are covered with hair. The ram, or weather, the ew and the lamb have wool. The Billygoat, the castrated gelt goat, with the she-goat and kid, have long hair and beards.
Who closed the window?
Who cleaned it?
Who washed it?
Who wiped it?
Tom and Mary are lost and they don't know where they are.
They got married and had many children.
Can you add me?
Tom turned back.
The route was blocked by a tree.
Tom is a timid young man.
This coffee has a burnt flavor.
Tom is an anti-conformist.
It was an invention.
You don't even believe it.
He pretended to agree with her.
The dog ran around the tree many times.
"I dont care about that right now; I would rather (if you please) learn from my Catechism about the Lord's Day." "As you like."
"Where is your key?" "I have it in my pocket."
"Why do you put cheese on your cookies?" "Because it tastes good."
You better believe it!
Why do you use a whole stick of butter on your breakfast?
Look out above!
Why don't you stay awhile?
You are not punctual.
The workers began a sit-down strike in front of the factory.
"But I have no playmates." "You will find some in this neighbourhood, and from your schoolfellows as well."
The pig, the sow and the piglets have bristles, but not horns, but also cloven feet, as others do.
Sailing is as the wind blows.
Many seek favour from a powerful person.
No-one swims away with their luggage.
He would give a javelin, so that he would receive a coat.
The ass and the mule carry burdens, the horse (which is graced by a mane) carries us; the camel the merchant with his wares.
The elephant draws his food to himself with a trunk. It has two teeth, standing out, and is also able to carry thirty men.
It was a big deal.
The large dog jumped up quickly and forced his wet nose on my lips.
Is there much to tell?
He was indifferent.
I'll need to tighten my belt.
The fabric was frayed.
Powerlifting saved Tom's life.
Tom is an expert at prototyping.
Woe be to the mad wizzards and witches who give themselves to the Devil, being enclosed in a circle, calling upon him with Charms, they tarry with him, and fall from God! for they shall receive their reward from him.
Don't think anymore of it.
Tom was arrested for committing road rage.
A rock broke the windshield.
Do you speak Tetum?
Mary threatened to eat Tom's pet lizard.
Her dog makes her happy.
Her boyfriend is completely unconventional.
Pears, when they are ripe, fall by themselves.
The two AI programs chatted with each other over the telephone, each believing the other was a human.
Those who pretend to be like the common Curii, and live like wild Bacchanalians.
I hear the dog barking.
He buys cigarettes.
She buys cigarettes.
Are we hearing a radio?
Are they all alive?
A question asked quickly gets a slow response.
Whoever can transfer love, can also remove it.
I am not a Brazilian. I am Portuguese.
The Timorese are not Indonesians.
It's John who likes beer.
Birds have two feet.
All birds breathe with lungs.
All four footed animals breathe through lungs.
All quadrupeds feed their young with milk.
Read the letter.
Some reptiles have four feet.
Just read the letter.
This animal has an elongated body.
Don't kill them.
This animal has a naked body.
Yesterday I ate rice.
I've eaten rice.
I don't eat rice anymore.
I haven't eaten rice.
I ate rice.
I will give them food.
I will not give them food.
I didn't eat rice anymore.
I didn't eat rice.
I hadn't eaten rice.
I've already eaten rice.
They're still working.
A cat rids the house of mice.
A mousetrap rids the house of mice.
The dog is with his puppies.
The dog protects the house.
Good night, my treasure! How happy I am to be finally at home!
Be frank.
What you said was false.
Are you paying separately or together?
It's not good for business.
Love is essentially a selfish passion.
I want you to call home, now.
She did not say a word to me.
For the theater, he made coulisses and curtains.
Let the rules fall.
The station master announces the arrival of the train.
He acquired influence in the royal court.
He cut ties with his family.
He has a cold. That's why he is resting at home.
God, give us peace!
