She said that she heard an explosion.
He said that he had to leave early.
She said that she had to leave early.
He said that he had a good weekend.
She said that she had a good weekend.
He said that he got out of the way.
She said that she got out of the way.
He said that he felt uncomfortable.
She said that she felt uncomfortable.
He said that he felt a bit nervous.
She said that she felt a bit nervous.
He said that he enjoyed doing that.
She said that she enjoyed doing that.
He said that he enjoyed being here.
She said that she enjoyed being here.
He said that he doesn't plan to go.
She said that she doesn't plan to go.
He said that he didn't want to die.
She said that she didn't want to die.
He said that he didn't know French.
She said that she didn't know French.
He said that he didn't have a plan.
She said that she didn't have a plan.
He said that he didn't feel hungry.
She said that she didn't feel hungry.
He said that he did that on Monday.
She said that she did that on Monday.
He said that he couldn't swim well.
She said that she couldn't swim well.
He said that he couldn't elaborate.
She said that she couldn't elaborate.
He said that he could've done that.
She said that she could've done that.
He said that he could probably win.
She said that she could probably win.
He said that he can't speak French.
She said that she can't speak French.
He said that he believed in ghosts.
She said that she believed in ghosts.
He said he's willing to be patient.
She said she's willing to be patient.
He said he's trying to lose weight.
She said she's trying to lose weight.
He said he's not planning on going.
She said she's not planning on going.
He said he's not making much money.
She said she's not making much money.
He said he's not likely to do that.
She said she's not likely to do that.
He said he's never eaten Thai food.
She said she's never eaten Thai food.
He said he's glad you weren't hurt.
She said she's glad you weren't hurt.
He said he's glad that you're back.
She said she's glad that you're back.
He said he's done that three times.
She said she's done that three times.
He said he's determined to do that.
She said she's determined to do that.
He said he's cautiously optimistic.
She said she's cautiously optimistic.
He said he's been told not do that.
She said she's been told not do that.
He said he's been asked to do that.
She said she's been asked to do that.
He said he'd very unlikely do that.
She said she'd very unlikely do that.
He said he'd still like to do that.
She said she'd still like to do that.
He said he'd rather not go with us.
She said she'd rather not go with us.
He said he'd rather come next week.
She said she'd rather come next week.
He said he'd prefer not to do that.
She said she'd prefer not to do that.
He said he'd never want to do that.
She said she'd never want to do that.
He said he'd never let you do that.
She said she'd never let you do that.
He said he'd help you do that, too.
She said she'd help you do that, too.
He said he'd be willing to help us.
She said she'd be willing to help us.
He said he'd be willing to do this.
She said she'd be willing to do this.
He said he'd be willing to do that.
She said she'd be willing to do that.
He said he'd be tempted to do that.
She said she'd be tempted to do that.
He said he'd also help you do that.
She said she'd also help you do that.
He said he wouldn't try to do that.
She said she wouldn't try to do that.
He said he wouldn't try doing that.
She said she wouldn't try doing that.
He said he would never hurt anyone.
She said she would never hurt anyone.
He said he would come to the party.
She said she would come to the party.
He said he would be at the meeting.
She said she would be at the meeting.
He said he won't forget that night.
She said she won't forget that night.
He said he won't come to our party.
She said she won't come to our party.
He said he went swimming yesterday.
She said she went swimming yesterday.
He said he wasn't ready to go home.
She said she wasn't ready to go home.
He said he wasn't ready to give up.
She said she wasn't ready to give up.
He said he wasn't ready to do that.
She said she wasn't ready to do that.
He said he wasn't planning to stay.
She said she wasn't planning to stay.
He said he wasn't going to help us.
She said she wasn't going to help us.
He said he wasn't going to do that.
She said she wasn't going to do that.
He said he wasn't afraid of snakes.
She said she wasn't afraid of snakes.
He said he wasn't afraid of anyone.
She said she wasn't afraid of anyone.
He said he was very busy this week.
She said she was very busy this week.
He said he was too weak to do that.
She said she was too weak to do that.
He said he was too lazy to do that.
She said she was too lazy to do that.
He said he was too busy to do that.
She said she was too busy to do that.
He said he was tired of doing that.
She said she was tired of doing that.
He said he was thrilled to be back.
She said she was thrilled to be back.
He said he was terrified of snakes.
She said she was terrified of snakes.
He said he was studying French now.
She said she was studying French now.
He said he was planning to go, too.
She said she was planning to go, too.
He said he was planning to do that.
She said she was planning to do that.
He said he was mugged by three men.
She said she was mugged by three men.
He said he was hoping we'd do that.
She said she was hoping we'd do that.
He said he was hesitant to do that.
She said she was hesitant to do that.
He said he was grateful to be here.
She said she was grateful to be here.
He said he was finished doing that.
She said she was finished doing that.
He said he was a bit uncomfortable.
She said she was a bit uncomfortable.
He said he wants to be your friend.
She said she wants to be your friend.
He said he wanted to quit the band.
She said she wanted to quit the band.
He said he wanted to join our band.
She said she wanted to join our band.
He said he wanted to go to the zoo.
She said she wanted to go to the zoo.
He said he wanted to do that again.
She said she wanted to do that again.
He said he wanted to buy some soap.
She said she wanted to buy some soap.
He said he wanted to buy a toolbox.
She said she wanted to buy a toolbox.
He said he wanted to be left alone.
She said she wanted to be left alone.
He said he wanted something to eat.
She said she wanted something to eat.
He said he wanted a second opinion.
She said she wanted a second opinion.
He said he understands our concern.
She said she understands our concern.
He said he thought that I was lazy.
She said she thought that I was lazy.
He said he thought that I was dead.
She said she thought that I was dead.
He said he thought I was insincere.
She said she thought I was insincere.
He said he thought I might not win.
She said she thought I might not win.
He said he thought I looked lonely.
She said she thought I looked lonely.
He said he thought I looked hungry.
She said she thought I looked hungry.
He said he prefers to stay at home.
She said she prefers to stay at home.
He said he plans to do that Monday.
She said she plans to do that Monday.
He said he planned to go on Monday.
She said she planned to go on Monday.
He said he planned on going Monday.
She said she planned on going Monday.
He said he never wanted to do that.
She said she never wanted to do that.
He said he never agreed to do that.
She said she never agreed to do that.
He said he needs to get more sleep.
She said she needs to get more sleep.
He said he needed to take a shower.
She said she needed to take a shower.
He said he needed to do that today.
She said she needed to do that today.
He said he loves that kind of work.
She said she loves that kind of work.
He said he likes this time of year.
She said she likes this time of year.
He said he likes the sound of that.
She said she likes the sound of that.
He said he knew what that was like.
She said she knew what that was like.
He said he knew that you could win.
She said she knew that you could win.
He said he isn't planning on going.
She said she isn't planning on going.
He said he isn't making much money.
She said she isn't making much money.
He said he isn't likely to do that.
She said she isn't likely to do that.
He said he hopes you won't do that.
She said she hopes you won't do that.
He said he hopes you won't be late.
She said she hopes you won't be late.
He said he heard three shots fired.
She said she heard three shots fired.
He said he heard someone screaming.
She said she heard someone screaming.
He said he heard a lot of gunshots.
She said she heard a lot of gunshots.
He said he had to work on Saturday.
She said she had to work on Saturday.
He said he had no plans to do that.
She said she had no plans to do that.
He said he had better things to do.
She said she had better things to do.
He said he had a few things to say.
She said she had a few things to say.
He said he got back home on Monday.
She said she got back home on Monday.
He said he found something strange.
She said she found something strange.
He said he figured I could do that.
She said she figured I could do that.
He said he felt utterly humiliated.
She said she felt utterly humiliated.
He said he felt tempted to do that.
She said she felt tempted to do that.
He said he felt no pressure to win.
She said she felt no pressure to win.
He said he felt like getting drunk.
She said she felt like getting drunk.
He said he felt dizzy and nauseous.
She said she felt dizzy and nauseous.
He said he felt compelled to speak.
She said she felt compelled to speak.
He said he doesn't work on Mondays.
She said she doesn't work on Mondays.
He said he doesn't want to do that.
She said she doesn't want to do that.
He said he doesn't plan to do that.
She said she doesn't plan to do that.
He said he doesn't mind doing that.
She said she doesn't mind doing that.
He said he doesn't like to do that.
She said she doesn't like to do that.
He said he doesn't like doing that.
She said she doesn't like doing that.
He said he doesn't know what to do.
She said she doesn't know what to do.
He said he doesn't do that anymore.
She said she doesn't do that anymore.
He said he didn't want to worry me.
She said she didn't want to worry me.
He said he didn't want to watch TV.
She said she didn't want to watch TV.
He said he didn't want me to worry.
She said she didn't want me to worry.
He said he didn't see anybody else.
She said she didn't see anybody else.
He said he didn't remember my name.
She said she didn't remember my name.
He said he didn't remember a thing.
She said she didn't remember a thing.
He said he didn't plan to be there.
She said she didn't plan to be there.
He said he didn't mean to hurt you.
She said she didn't mean to hurt you.
He said he didn't know where to go.
She said she didn't know where to go.
He said he didn't know how to swim.
She said she didn't know how to swim.
He said he didn't know anyone here.
She said she didn't know anyone here.
He said he didn't have enough time.
She said she didn't have enough time.
He said he didn't have any regrets.
She said she didn't have any regrets.
He said he didn't feel like eating.
She said she didn't feel like eating.
He said he didn't feel like a hero.
She said she didn't feel like a hero.
He said he didn't enjoy doing that.
She said she didn't enjoy doing that.
He said he didn't eat meat anymore.
She said she didn't eat meat anymore.
He said he couldn't accept the job.
She said she couldn't accept the job.
He said he can get us what we need.
She said she can get us what we need.
He said last night he might retire.
She said last night she might retire.
He said everyone he knows can swim.
She said everyone she knows can swim.
He replied that he'd be glad to go.
She replied that she'd be glad to go.
He refused to admit he'd done that.
She refused to admit she'd done that.
He realized that he should do that.
She realized that she should do that.
He realized that he had to do that.
She realized that she had to do that.
He realized he'd said way too much.
She realized she'd said way too much.
He realized he'd been unreasonable.
She realized she'd been unreasonable.
He realized he was in deep trouble.
She realized she was in deep trouble.
He realized he couldn't to do that.
She realized she couldn't to do that.
He ran for reelection, but he lost.
She ran for reelection, but she lost.
He put down the box he was holding.
She put down the box she was holding.
He promised to come, but he didn't.
She promised to come, but she didn't.
He promised that he'd speak French.
She promised that she'd speak French.
He promised he'll do that tomorrow.
She promised she'll do that tomorrow.
He promised he'd take care of that.
She promised she'd take care of that.
He promised he'd help us on Monday.
She promised she'd help us on Monday.
He promised he'd do that this week.
She promised she'd do that this week.
He promised he'd be here on Monday.
She promised she'd be here on Monday.
He promised he wouldn't leave town.
She promised she wouldn't leave town.
He promised he won't do that today.
She promised she won't do that today.
He promised he won't do that again.
She promised she won't do that again.
He promised me he'd do that for us.
She promised me she'd do that for us.
He promised me he'd do that for me.
She promised me she'd do that for me.
He promised me he wouldn't do that.
She promised me she wouldn't do that.
He promised me he wouldn't be late.
She promised me she wouldn't be late.
He pretended that he didn't see it.
She pretended that she didn't see it.
He plays tennis as often as he can.
She plays tennis as often as she can.
He panicked when he heard the news.
He only does what he's asked to do.
She only does what she's asked to do.
He only does that when he's sleepy.
She only does that when she's sleepy.
He never told me why he didn't win.
She never told me why she didn't win.
He never told me where he was from.
She never told me where she was from.
He never told me that he had a dog.
She never told me that she had a dog.
He never said that he wanted to go.
She never said that she wanted to go.
He never said he wanted to do that.
She never said she wanted to do that.
He never mentioned he had a sister.
She never mentioned she had a sister.
He never explained why he was late.
She never explained why she was late.
He never explained why he did that.
She never explained why she did that.
He needs to finish what he's doing.
She needs to finish what she's doing.
He needs to finish what he started.
She needs to finish what she started.
He might have eaten before he came.
She might have eaten before she came.
He might get fired if he does that.
She might get fired if she does that.
He might get fined if he does that.
She might get fined if she does that.
He may talk to whoever he wants to.
She may talk to whoever she wants to.
He may not be as happy as he seems.
She may not be as happy as she seems.
He may not be as happy as he looks.
She may not be as happy as she looks.
He may get injured if he does that.
She may get injured if she does that.
He may do that wherever he chooses.
She may do that wherever she chooses.
He may do that anywhere he chooses.
She may do that anywhere she chooses.
He may come with us if he wants to.
She may come with us if she wants to.
He looks younger than he really is.
She looks younger than she really is.
He looks older than he actually is.
She looks older than she actually is.
He looks like he doesn't feel well.
She looks like she doesn't feel well.
He looks healthier than he used to.
She looks healthier than she used to.
He looks as though he's got a plan.
She looks as though she's got a plan.
He looks as though he wants to cry.
She looks as though she wants to cry.
He looked like he was going to cry.
She looked like she was going to cry.
He looked like he was disappointed.
She looked like she was disappointed.
He looked like he was about to cry.
She looked like she was about to cry.
He likes to watch TV while he eats.
She likes to watch TV while she eats.
He likes me more than he likes you.
She likes me more than she likes you.
He lied about what he'd been doing.
She lied about what she'd been doing.
He let us know that he had arrived.
She let us know that she had arrived.
He let us know he wouldn't do that.
She let us know she wouldn't do that.
He let us know he couldn't do that.
She let us know she couldn't do that.
He let me know that he'd done that.
She let me know that she'd done that.
He let me know he wouldn't do that.
She let me know she wouldn't do that.
He let me know he couldn't do that.
She let me know she couldn't do that.
He knows why he's getting a chance.
She knows why she's getting a chance.
He knows what he's doing out there.
She knows what she's doing out there.
He knows what he did was a mistake.
She knows what she did was a mistake.
He knows there's no way he can win.
She knows there's no way she can win.
He knows that he's vulnerable here.
She knows that she's vulnerable here.
He knows that he's partly to blame.
She knows that she's partly to blame.
He knows that he shouldn't do that.
She knows that she shouldn't do that.
He knows that he shouldn't be here.
She knows that she shouldn't be here.
He knows that he has to be patient.
She knows that she has to be patient.
He knows that he can't be replaced.
She knows that she can't be replaced.
He knows that I'm older than he is.
She knows that I'm older than she is.
He knows he's got to do that today.
She knows she's got to do that today.
He knows he's going to be punished.
She knows she's going to be punished.
He knows he's going to be arrested.
She knows she's going to be arrested.
He knows he's done something wrong.
She knows she's done something wrong.
He knows he shouldn't do that here.
She knows she shouldn't do that here.
He knows he ought to do that today.
She knows she ought to do that today.
He knows he needs to do that today.
She knows she needs to do that today.
He knows precisely what he's doing.
She knows precisely what she's doing.
He knows more than he's letting on.
He knows exactly what he should do.
She knows exactly what she should do.
He knows exactly what he has to do.
She knows exactly what she has to do.
He knew what he was supposed to do.
She knew what she was supposed to do.
He knew that what he did was wrong.
She knew that what she did was wrong.
He knew that he was being followed.
She knew that she was being followed.
He knew he'd done something stupid.
She knew she'd done something stupid.
He knew he was under investigation.
She knew she was under investigation.
He knew he was supposed to do that.
She knew she was supposed to do that.
He just does what he's asked to do.
She just does what she's asked to do.
He just did what he was told to do.
She just did what she was told to do.
He just admitted he made a mistake.
She just admitted she made a mistake.
He isn't very good at what he does.
She isn't very good at what she does.
He isn't sure what to do, is he?
She isn't sure what to do, is she?
He isn't sure he can do that again.
She isn't sure she can do that again.
He isn't so old that he can't work.
She isn't so old that she can't work.
He isn't much older than me, is he?
She isn't much older than me, is she?
He isn't being very helpful, is he?
She isn't being very helpful, is she?
He isn't as witty as he used to be.
She isn't as witty as she used to be.
He isn't as weird as he used to be.
She isn't as weird as she used to be.
He isn't as tough as he used to be.
She isn't as tough as she used to be.
He isn't as timid as he used to be.
She isn't as timid as she used to be.
He isn't as scary as he used to be.
She isn't as scary as she used to be.
He isn't as pushy as he used to be.
She isn't as pushy as she used to be.
He isn't as pudgy as he used to be.
She isn't as pudgy as she used to be.
He isn't as picky as he used to be.
She isn't as picky as she used to be.
He isn't as old as you think he is.
She isn't as old as you think she is.
He isn't as nosey as he used to be.
She isn't as nosey as she used to be.
He isn't as nasty as he used to be.
She isn't as nasty as she used to be.
He isn't as naive as he used to be.
She isn't as naive as she used to be.
He isn't as lucky as he used to be.
She isn't as lucky as she used to be.
He isn't as heavy as he used to be.
She isn't as heavy as she used to be.
He isn't as fussy as he used to be.
She isn't as fussy as she used to be.
He isn't as funny as he used to be.
She isn't as funny as she used to be.
He isn't as crazy as he used to be.
She isn't as crazy as she used to be.
He isn't as busy as he seems to be.
She isn't as busy as she seems to be.
He isn't as bossy as he used to be.
She isn't as bossy as she used to be.
He isn't allowed to do that, is he?
She isn't allowed to do that, is she?
He isn't afraid of anything, is he?
She isn't afraid of anything, is she?
He isn't a very good driver, is he?
She isn't a very good driver, is she?
He isn't a very good dancer, is he?
She isn't a very good dancer, is she?
He is scared to death of her father.
She is scared to death of her father.
He is a better cook than her mother.
She is a better cook than her mother.
He insisted that he didn't do that.
She insisted that she didn't do that.
He hopes that he'll be able to win.
She hopes that she'll be able to win.
He hopes that he won't be deported.
She hopes that she won't be deported.
He hasn't yet bought what he needs.
She hasn't yet bought what she needs.
He hasn't yet admitted he did that.
She hasn't yet admitted she did that.
He hasn't told us what he might do.
She hasn't told us what she might do.
He hasn't said what he plans to do.
She hasn't said what she plans to do.
He hasn't bought what he needs yet.
She hasn't bought what she needs yet.
He hasn't admitted he did that yet.
She hasn't admitted she did that yet.
He has told me he wants to do that.
She has told me she wants to do that.
He has told me he needs to do that.
She has told me she needs to do that.
He has things he still needs to do.
She has things she still needs to do.
He has said he won't do that again.
She has said she won't do that again.
He has promised that he'll do that.
She has promised that she'll do that.
He has lots of things he has to do.
She has lots of things she has to do.
He has done what he was told to do.
She has done what she was told to do.
He has done what he promised to do.
She has done what she promised to do.
He has done this before, hasn't he?
She has done this before, hasn't she?
He has been told he should do that.
She has been told she should do that.
He has been told he has to do that.
She has been told she has to do that.
He has already told you, hasn't he?
She has already told you, hasn't she?
He had a cold, so he stayed in bed.
She had a cold, so she stayed in bed.
He got what he deserved in the end.
She got what she deserved in the end.
He got almost everything he wanted.
She got almost everything she wanted.
He got almost everything he needed.
She got almost everything she needed.
He gets to do whatever he wants to.
She gets to do whatever she wants to.
He found several T-shirts he liked.
She found several T-shirts she liked.
He figured he'd be able to do that.
She figured she'd be able to do that.
He felt that he had a lot to offer.
She felt that she had a lot to offer.
He felt remorse for what he'd done.
She felt remorse for what she'd done.
He felt like he was being followed.
She felt like she was being followed.
He explained why he didn't do that.
She explained why she didn't do that.
He eats steak every chance he gets.
She eats steak every chance she gets.
He drives a sports car, doesn't he?
She drives a sports car, doesn't she?
He doesn't waste any time, does he?
She doesn't waste any time, does she?
He doesn't want you to go, does he?
She doesn't want you to go, does she?
He doesn't think he's ever met you.
She doesn't think she's ever met you.
He doesn't think he'll get the job.
She doesn't think she'll get the job.
He doesn't think he should do that.
She doesn't think she should do that.
He doesn't think he has to do that.
She doesn't think she has to do that.
He doesn't think I did it, does he?
She doesn't think I did it, does she?
He doesn't seem too happy, does he?
She doesn't seem too happy, does she?
He doesn't seem that busy, does he?
She doesn't seem that busy, does she?
He doesn't really do that, does he?
She doesn't really do that, does she?
He doesn't realize what he's doing.
She doesn't realize what she's doing.
He doesn't realize how lucky he is.
She doesn't realize how lucky she is.
He doesn't look too happy, does he?
She doesn't look too happy, does she?
He doesn't know where he should go.
She doesn't know where she should go.
He doesn't know what he has to buy.
She doesn't know what she has to buy.
He doesn't give up easily, does he?
She doesn't give up easily, does she?
He didn't want to stay, but he did.
She didn't want to stay, but she did.
He didn't want to help, but he did.
She didn't want to help, but she did.
He didn't tell anyone else, did he?
She didn't tell anyone else, did she?
He didn't seem to be happy, did he?
She didn't seem to be happy, did she?
He didn't see anyone he recognized.
She didn't see anyone she recognized.
He didn't say when he would return.
She didn't say when she would return.
He didn't say he wanted to do that.
She didn't say she wanted to do that.
He didn't regret doing what he did.
She didn't regret doing what she did.
He didn't really mean that, did he?
She didn't really mean that, did she?
He didn't need to stay, but he did.
She didn't need to stay, but she did.
He didn't need to help, but he did.
She didn't need to help, but she did.
He didn't mean to say what he said.
She didn't mean to say what she said.
He didn't like the last job he had.
She didn't like the last job she had.
He didn't know who he should trust.
She didn't know who she should trust.
He didn't know how long he'd slept.
She didn't know how long she'd slept.
He didn't have to stay, but he did.
She didn't have to stay, but she did.
He didn't have to help, but he did.
She didn't have to help, but she did.
He didn't get everything he wanted.
She didn't get everything she wanted.
He didn't get everything he needed.
She didn't get everything she needed.
He didn't come because he got sick.
She didn't come because she got sick.
He didn't buy everything he wanted.
She didn't buy everything she wanted.
He didn't buy everything he needed.
She didn't buy everything she needed.
He did whatever he felt like doing.
She did whatever she felt like doing.
He did the very best that he could.
She did the very best that she could.
He did that because he was told to.
She did that because she was told to.
He did that as quickly as he could.
She did that as quickly as she could.
He did everything he could to help.
She did everything she could to help.
He denies that he broke the window.
She denies that she broke the window.
He definitely deserved what he got.
She definitely deserved what she got.
He cried until he ran out of tears.
He couldn't see where he was going.
She couldn't see where she was going.
He couldn't get the book he wanted.
She couldn't get the book she wanted.
He couldn't come because he's sick.
She couldn't come because she's sick.
He could stay here if he wanted to.
She could stay here if she wanted to.
He claims that he was born in 2013.
She claims that she was born in 2013.
He claims that he saw the accident.
She claims that she saw the accident.
He claims that he can speak French.
She claims that she can speak French.
He claims he was drunk at the time.
She claims she was drunk at the time.
He claims he has telepathic powers.
She claims she has telepathic powers.
He claims he acted in self-defense.
She claims she acted in self-defense.
He claimed that he passed the exam.
She claimed that she passed the exam.
He certainly knows what he's doing.
She certainly knows what she's doing.
He can't run as fast as he used to.
She can't run as fast as she used to.
He can't just do whatever he wants.
She can't just do whatever she wants.
He can't just do anything he wants.
She can't just do anything she wants.
He can't do anything right, can he?
She can't do anything right, can she?
He can use my computer if he wants.
She can use my computer if she wants.
He can stay with us if he wants to.
She can stay with us if she wants to.
He can stay as long as he wants to.
She can stay as long as she wants to.
He can rest as long as he wants to.
She can rest as long as she wants to.
He can do that wherever he chooses.
She can do that wherever she chooses.
He can do that anywhere he chooses.
She can do that anywhere she chooses.
He can dance fairly well, can't he?
She can dance fairly well, can't she?
He can come with us if he wants to.
She can come with us if she wants to.
He can be helpful when he wants to.
She can be helpful when she wants to.
He called to say that he'd be late.
She called to say that she'd be late.
He asked that he not be identified.
She asked that she not be identified.
He asked me when he should do that.
She asked me when she should do that.
He asked me what he should do next.
She asked me what she should do next.
He asked if he might go home early.
She asked if she might go home early.
He always wished he had more money.
She always wished she had more money.
He always got everything he wanted.
She always got everything she wanted.
He always gets everything he wants.
She always gets everything she wants.
He always bowed when he greeted me.
She always bowed when she greeted me.
He already knows what he should do.
She already knows what she should do.
He already knows what he has to do.
She already knows what she has to do.
He admitted what he said was wrong.
She admitted what she said was wrong.
He admitted that he'd been naughty.
She admitted that she'd been naughty.
He admitted that he'd been foolish.
She admitted that she'd been foolish.
He admitted that he wasn't perfect.
She admitted that she wasn't perfect.
He admitted that he wasn't certain.
She admitted that she wasn't certain.
He admitted that he was very tired.
She admitted that she was very tired.
He admitted that he was unemployed.
She admitted that she was unemployed.
He admitted that he was suspicious.
She admitted that she was suspicious.
He admitted that he was prejudiced.
She admitted that she was prejudiced.
He admitted that he was overweight.
She admitted that she was overweight.
He admitted that he was illiterate.
She admitted that she was illiterate.
He admitted that he was frustrated.
She admitted that she was frustrated.
He admitted that he was frightened.
She admitted that she was frightened.
He admitted that he had lied to me.
She admitted that she had lied to me.
He admitted that he didn't do that.
She admitted that she didn't do that.
He admitted that he broke the vase.
She admitted that she broke the vase.
He admitted he had stolen the bike.
She admitted she had stolen the bike.
He admitted he had help doing that.
She admitted she had help doing that.
He admits that he's under pressure.
She admits that she's under pressure.
He writes very neatly, doesn't he?
She writes very neatly, doesn't she?
He wouldn't tell me where he went.
She wouldn't tell me where she went.
He wouldn't tell anyone, would he?
She wouldn't tell anyone, would she?
He would've told us if he'd known.
She would've told us if she'd known.
He would've stayed if he could've.
She would've stayed if she could've.
He wondered why he'd been invited.
She wondered why she'd been invited.
He won't tell me when he was born.
She won't tell me when she was born.
He wishes he was a better swimmer.
She wishes she was a better swimmer.
He watched TV while he ate dinner.
She watched TV while she ate dinner.
He wasn't where he should've been.
She wasn't where she should've been.
He was worried that he'd get lost.
She was worried that she'd get lost.
He was very persuasive, wasn't he?
She was very persuasive, wasn't she?
He was very convincing, wasn't he?
She was very convincing, wasn't she?
He was very aggressive, wasn't he?
She was very aggressive, wasn't she?
He was told that he was too short.
She was told that she was too short.
He was sitting on her mother's lap.
He was orphaned when he was three.
She was orphaned when she was three.
He was impressed with what he saw.
She was impressed with what she saw.
He was afraid he was going to die.
She was afraid she was going to die.
He was afraid he might be evicted.
She was afraid she might be evicted.
He was able to buy what he needed.
She was able to buy what she needed.
He wants to say yes, but he can't.
She wants to say yes, but she can't.
He wants to go home, but he can't.
She wants to go home, but she can't.
He wanted to win, but he couldn't.
She wanted to win, but she couldn't.
He wanted to say more than he did.
She wanted to say more than she did.
He waited a while before he began.
She waited a while before she began.
He usually cries when he's scared.
She usually cries when she's scared.
He understands French, doesn't he?
She understands French, doesn't she?
He tried, but he couldn't do that.
She tried, but she couldn't do that.
He tried to talk, but he couldn't.
She tried to talk, but she couldn't.
He tried to hide behind her father.
He took these pictures, didn't he?
She took these pictures, didn't she?
He told you what to do, didn't he?
She told you what to do, didn't she?
He told us that he knew the risks.
She told us that she knew the risks.
He told us that he had a headache.
She told us that she had a headache.
He told the team he wants to quit.
She told the team she wants to quit.
He told me today that he loved me.
She told me today that she loved me.
He told me that he'd wait and see.
She told me that she'd wait and see.
He told me that he'd love to help.
She told me that she'd love to help.
He told me that he'd look into it.
She told me that she'd look into it.
He told me that he'd like to help.
She told me that she'd like to help.
He told me that he'd do that, too.
She told me that she'd do that, too.
He told me that he'd do that soon.
She told me that she'd do that soon.
He told me that he'd call me back.
She told me that she'd call me back.
He told me that he'd bought a car.
She told me that she'd bought a car.
He told me that he'd be back soon.
She told me that she'd be back soon.
He told me that he'd also do that.
She told me that she'd also do that.
He told me that he won't marry me.
She told me that she won't marry me.
He told me that he wasn't worried.
She told me that she wasn't worried.
He told me that he wasn't thirsty.
She told me that she wasn't thirsty.
He told me that he wasn't so sure.
She told me that she wasn't so sure.
He told me that he wasn't nervous.
She told me that she wasn't nervous.
He told me that he wasn't married.
She told me that she wasn't married.
He told me that he wasn't injured.
She told me that she wasn't injured.
He told me that he wasn't in pain.
She told me that she wasn't in pain.
He told me that he was very upset.
She told me that she was very upset.
He told me that he was very tired.
She told me that she was very tired.
He told me that he was very happy.
She told me that she was very happy.
He told me that he was unemployed.
She told me that she was unemployed.
He told me that he was suspicious.
She told me that she was suspicious.
He told me that he was overweight.
She told me that she was overweight.
He told me that he was optimistic.
She told me that she was optimistic.
He told me that he was interested.
She told me that she was interested.
He told me that he was in a hurry.
She told me that she was in a hurry.
He told me that he was having fun.
She told me that she was having fun.
He told me that he was happy here.
She told me that she was happy here.
He told me that he was going home.
She told me that she was going home.
He told me that he was frustrated.
She told me that she was frustrated.
He told me that he was frightened.
She told me that she was frightened.
He told me that he was doing that.
She told me that she was doing that.
He told me that he was doing fine.
She told me that she was doing fine.
He told me that he was displeased.
She told me that she was displeased.
He told me that he wanted to talk.
She told me that she wanted to talk.
He told me that he wanted to quit.
She told me that she wanted to quit.
He told me that he wanted to help.
She told me that she wanted to help.
He told me that he wanted my help.
She told me that she wanted my help.
He told me that he studied French.
She told me that she studied French.
He told me that he should do that.
She told me that she should do that.
He told me that he saw that movie.
She told me that she saw that movie.
He told me that he plans on going.
She told me that she plans on going.
He told me that he never did that.
She told me that she never did that.
He told me that he needed to talk.
She told me that she needed to talk.
He told me that he needed my help.
She told me that she needed my help.
He told me that he needed a favor.
She told me that she needed a favor.
He told me that he likes swimming.
She told me that she likes swimming.
He told me that he liked the idea.
She told me that she liked the idea.
He told me that he liked swimming.
She told me that she liked swimming.
He told me that he knew the rules.
She told me that she knew the rules.
He told me that he heard gunshots.
She told me that she heard gunshots.
He told me that he had to do that.
She told me that she had to do that.
He told me that he had no regrets.
She told me that she had no regrets.
He told me that he had a headache.
She told me that she had a headache.
He told me that he didn't do that.
She told me that she didn't do that.
He told me that he did that wrong.
She told me that she did that wrong.
He told me that he can see ghosts.
She told me that she can see ghosts.
He told me he's afraid to do that.
She told me she's afraid to do that.
He told me he'll do that tomorrow.
She told me she'll do that tomorrow.
He told me he'd never let me down.
She told me she'd never let me down.
He told me he'd be home on Monday.
She told me she'd be home on Monday.
He told me he'd be busy on Monday.
She told me she'd be busy on Monday.
He told me he'd already done that.
She told me she'd already done that.
He told me he'd agreed to do that.
She told me she'd agreed to do that.
He told me he would rather not go.
She told me she would rather not go.
He told me he won't do that again.
She told me she won't do that again.
He told me he wasn't sick anymore.
She told me she wasn't sick anymore.
He told me he was unfazed by that.
She told me she was unfazed by that.
He told me he was teaching French.
She told me she was teaching French.
He told me he was studying French.
She told me she was studying French.
He told me he was home last night.
She told me she was home last night.
He told me he was already married.
She told me she was already married.
He told me he wants to go with us.
She told me she wants to go with us.
He told me he saw you two kissing.
She told me she saw you two kissing.
He told me he saw you at the mall.
She told me she saw you at the mall.
He told me he plans on doing that.
She told me she plans on doing that.
He told me he knew how to do that.
She told me she knew how to do that.
He told me he intended to do that.
She told me she intended to do that.
He told me he had some work to do.
She told me she had some work to do.
He told me he felt bad about that.
She told me she felt bad about that.
He told me he enjoyed the concert.
She told me she enjoyed the concert.
He told me he didn't want me here.
She told me she didn't want me here.
He told me he didn't teach French.
She told me she didn't teach French.
He told me he didn't study French.
She told me she didn't study French.
He told me he didn't speak French.
She told me she didn't speak French.
He told me he didn't see anything.
She told me she didn't see anything.
He told me he didn't need my help.
She told me she didn't need my help.
He told me he didn't like spinach.
She told me she didn't like spinach.
He told me he didn't like fishing.
She told me she didn't like fishing.
He told everyone that he was well.
She told everyone that she was well.
He told everyone that he was safe.
She told everyone that she was safe.
He told everyone that he was fine.
She told everyone that she was fine.
He told everyone that he was done.
She told everyone that she was done.
He told everyone that he was cold.
She told everyone that she was cold.
He told everyone he was skeptical.
She told everyone she was skeptical.
He told everyone he was exhausted.
She told everyone she was exhausted.
He told everyone he was depressed.
She told everyone she was depressed.
He told everybody he was unafraid.
She told everybody she was unafraid.
He told everybody he was ticklish.
She told everybody she was ticklish.
He told everybody he was prepared.
She told everybody she was prepared.
He thought that he'd forgotten it.
She thought that she'd forgotten it.
He thought that he'd be safe here.
She thought that she'd be safe here.
He thought that he would help out.
She thought that she would help out.
He thought that he was very lucky.
She thought that she was very lucky.
He thought that he was being cute.
She thought that she was being cute.
He thought that he should do that.
She thought that she should do that.
He thought that he had to do that.
She thought that she had to do that.
He thought he was really charming.
She thought she was really charming.
He thought he should study French.
She thought she should study French.
He thought he heard some gunshots.
She thought she heard some gunshots.
He thought he heard a dog barking.
She thought she heard a dog barking.
He thought he had to study French.
She thought she had to study French.
He thought he had to speak French.
She thought she had to speak French.
He thought he could do that again.
She thought she could do that again.
He thinks that he's related to me.
She thinks that she's related to me.
He thinks that he's a good singer.
She thinks that she's a good singer.
He thinks that he's a good person.
She thinks that she's a good person.
He thinks that he's a good driver.
She thinks that she's a good driver.
He thinks he's stronger than I am.
She thinks she's stronger than I am.
He thinks he's going to be a star.
She thinks she's going to be a star.
He thinks he's getting ripped off.
She thinks she's getting ripped off.
He thinks he has found the answer.
She thinks she has found the answer.
He thinks he can probably do that.
She thinks she can probably do that.
He talks like he knows everything.
She talks like she knows everything.
He swore he'd never do that again.
She swore she'd never do that again.
He swore he wouldn't ever do that.
She swore she wouldn't ever do that.
He sure likes oranges, doesn't he?
She sure likes oranges, doesn't she?
He suddenly realized he was wrong.
She suddenly realized she was wrong.
He still says he doesn't blame me.
She still says she doesn't blame me.
He still remembers her grandfather.
He still hasn't done that, has he?
She still hasn't done that, has she?
He still doesn't do that, does he?
She still doesn't do that, does she?
He spoke to her uncle on the phone.
He sings well, but he can't dance.
She sings well, but she can't dance.
She showed us a photo of her mother.
He says there's nothing he can do.
She says there's nothing she can do.
He says that he's willing to help.
She says that she's willing to help.
He says that he's never done that.
She says that she's never done that.
He says that he's good at cooking.
She says that she's good at cooking.
He says that he'd like to do that.
She says that she'd like to do that.
He says that he did nothing wrong.
He says that he agreed to do that.
She says that she agreed to do that.
He says he's tired of watching TV.
She says she's tired of watching TV.
He says he's swearing off smoking.
She says she's swearing off smoking.
He says he's still planning to go.
She says she's still planning to go.
He says he's not ready to do that.
She says she's not ready to do that.
He says he's not going to do that.
She says she's not going to do that.
He says he's not coming back here.
She says she's not coming back here.
He says he's never studied French.
She says she's never studied French.
He says he's never driven a truck.
She says she's never driven a truck.
He says he's going to beat you up.
She says she's going to beat you up.
He says he's feeling better today.
She says she's feeling better today.
He says he's eager to participate.
She says she's eager to participate.
He says he's done that many times.
She says she's done that many times.
He says he's cut down on drinking.
She says she's cut down on drinking.
He says he'll never do that again.
She says she'll never do that again.
He says he'd like to study French.
She says she'd like to study French.
He says he won't go there anymore.
She says she won't go there anymore.
He says he won't do that tomorrow.
She says she won't do that tomorrow.
He says he won't buy that for you.
She says she won't buy that for you.
He says he won't be here tomorrow.
She says she won't be here tomorrow.
He says he won't agree to do that.
She says she won't agree to do that.
He says he was asked to come here.
She says she was asked to come here.
He says he was absolutely stunned.
She says she was absolutely stunned.
He says he was abducted by aliens.
She says she was abducted by aliens.
He says he wants to talk with you.
She says she wants to talk with you.
He says he wants to quit the band.
She says she wants to quit the band.
He says he wants to go to Harvard.
She says she wants to go to Harvard.
He says he wants to go home early.
She says she wants to go home early.
He says he wants to do that today.
She says she wants to do that today.
He says he wants to buy a new car.
She says she wants to buy a new car.
He says he wants to build a house.
She says she wants to build a house.
He says he wants something to eat.
She says she wants something to eat.
He says he thinks it's impossible.
She says she thinks it's impossible.
He says he still can't believe it.
She says she still can't believe it.
He says he spoke without thinking.
She says she spoke without thinking.
He says he spoke French last week.
She says she spoke French last week.
He says he plans to take pictures.
She says she plans to take pictures.
He says he only eats organic food.
She says she only eats organic food.
He says he needs to talk with you.
She says she needs to talk with you.
He says he needs my help tomorrow.
She says she needs my help tomorrow.
He says he needs another computer.
She says she needs another computer.
He says he needed to study French.
She says she needed to study French.
He says he knows why you did that.
She says she knows why you did that.
He says he just wants to be happy.
She says she just wants to be happy.
He says he isn't ready to give up.
She says she isn't ready to give up.
He says he isn't ready to do that.
She says she isn't ready to do that.
He says he isn't afraid of ghosts.
She says she isn't afraid of ghosts.
He says he hopes that you do that.
She says she hopes that you do that.
He says he has to do that as well.
She says she has to do that as well.
He says he has no plan to do that.
She says she has no plan to do that.
He says he has no idea what to do.
She says she has no idea what to do.
He says he feels comfortable here.
She says she feels comfortable here.
He says he enjoys teaching French.
She says she enjoys teaching French.
He says he enjoys studying French.
She says she enjoys studying French.
He says he enjoys speaking French.
She says she enjoys speaking French.
He says he doesn't have insurance.
She says she doesn't have insurance.
He says he didn't want to do that.
She says she didn't want to do that.
He says he didn't plan to do that.
She says she didn't plan to do that.
He says he didn't need to do that.
She says she didn't need to do that.
He says he didn't know what to do.
She says she didn't know what to do.
He says he didn't have to do that.
She says she didn't have to do that.
He says he did that for the money.
She says she did that for the money.
He says he can't walk any further.
She says she can't walk any further.
He says he can't stand doing that.
She says she can't stand doing that.
He says he can predict the future.
She says she can predict the future.
He sang one of the songs he wrote.
She sang one of the songs she wrote.
He said there's nothing he can do.
She said there's nothing she can do.
He said that's not what he wanted.
She said that's not what she wanted.
He said that you and he had lunch.
She said that you and she had lunch.
He said that he's very happy here.
She said that she's very happy here.
He said that he's not ready to go.
She said that she's not ready to go.
He said that he's never done that.
She said that she's never done that.
He said that he's feeling nervous.
She said that she's feeling nervous.
He said that he's doing just fine.
She said that she's doing just fine.
He said that he's also frustrated.
She said that she's also frustrated.
He said that he'll try to do that.
She said that she'll try to do that.
He said that he'll do that for us.
She said that she'll do that for us.
He said that he'll call you later.
She said that she'll call you later.
He said that he'd take care of it.
She said that she'd take care of it.
He said that he'd see me tomorrow.
She said that she'd see me tomorrow.
He said that he'd rather not swim.
She said that she'd rather not swim.
He said that he'd quit doing that.
She said that she'd quit doing that.
He said that he'd make it on time.
She said that she'd make it on time.
He said that he'd like to eat now.
She said that she'd like to eat now.
He said that he'd like to do that.
She said that she'd like to do that.
He said that he'd help us do that.
She said that she'd help us do that.
He said that he'd help me do that.
She said that she'd help me do that.
He said that he'd get there early.
She said that she'd get there early.
He said that he'd found something.
She said that she'd found something.
He said that he'd do that for you.
She said that she'd do that for you.
He said that he'd do that as well.
She said that she'd do that as well.
He said that he'd come back later.
She said that she'd come back later.
He said that he'd buy some stamps.
She said that she'd buy some stamps.
He said that he'd been very lucky.
She said that she'd been very lucky.
He said that he'd been humiliated.
She said that she'd been humiliated.
He said that he'd been handcuffed.
She said that she'd been handcuffed.
He said that he'd be leaving soon.
She said that she'd be leaving soon.
He said that he'd be here tonight.
She said that she'd be here tonight.
He said that he'd be glad to help.
She said that she'd be glad to help.
He said that he'd almost given up.
She said that she'd almost given up.
He said that he wouldn't be there.
She said that she wouldn't be there.
He said that he would write to us.
She said that she would write to us.
He said that he would sort it out.
She said that she would sort it out.
He said that he would do it again.
She said that she would do it again.
He said that he wasn't very happy.
She said that she wasn't very happy.
He said that he wasn't overweight.
She said that she wasn't overweight.
He said that he wasn't optimistic.
She said that she wasn't optimistic.
He said that he wasn't interested.
She said that she wasn't interested.
He said that he wasn't in a hurry.
She said that she wasn't in a hurry.
He said that he wasn't having fun.
She said that she wasn't having fun.
He said that he wasn't happy here.
She said that she wasn't happy here.
He said that he wasn't handcuffed.
She said that she wasn't handcuffed.
He said that he wasn't colorblind.
She said that she wasn't colorblind.
He said that he wasn't a Canadian.
She said that she wasn't a Canadian.
He said that he was very ticklish.
She said that she was very ticklish.
He said that he was very grateful.
She said that she was very grateful.
He said that he was very confused.
She said that she was very confused.
He said that he was uncomfortable.
She said that she was uncomfortable.
He said that he was unable to win.
She said that she was unable to win.
He said that he was really sleepy.
She said that she was really sleepy.
He said that he was really scared.
She said that she was really scared.
He said that he was really lonely.
She said that she was really lonely.
He said that he was really hungry.
She said that she was really hungry.
He said that he was really afraid.
She said that she was really afraid.
He said that he was ready to talk.
She said that she was ready to talk.
He said that he was ready to help.
She said that she was ready to help.
He said that he was going to work.
She said that she was going to work.
He said that he was going to quit.
She said that she was going to quit.
He said that he was going to help.
She said that she was going to help.
He said that he was going hunting.
She said that she was going hunting.
He said that he was getting tired.
She said that she was getting tired.
He said that he was getting antsy.
She said that she was getting antsy.
He said that he was feeling tired.
She said that she was feeling tired.
He said that he was feeling great.
She said that she was feeling great.
He said that he was asked to help.
She said that she was asked to help.
He said that he was afraid to fly.
She said that she was afraid to fly.
He said that he was a new student.
She said that she was a new student.
He said that he wants to meet you.
She said that she wants to meet you.
He said that he wanted to wrestle.
She said that she wanted to wrestle.
He said that he wanted to help us.
She said that she wanted to help us.
He said that he wanted to go home.
She said that she wanted to go home.
He said that he wanted to do this.
She said that she wanted to do this.
He said that he wanted to do that.
She said that she wanted to do that.
He said that he wanted to do more.
She said that she wanted to do more.
He said that he wanted to be here.
She said that she wanted to be here.
He said that he wanted me to stop.
She said that she wanted me to stop.
He said that he wanted a good job.
She said that she wanted a good job.
He said that he understood French.
She said that she understood French.
He said that he thought you'd win.
She said that she thought you'd win.
He said that he shouldn't do that.
She said that she shouldn't do that.
He said that he paid income taxes.
She said that she paid income taxes.
He said that he needed to do that.
She said that she needed to do that.
He said that he needed some money.
She said that she needed some money.
He said that he needed more money.
She said that she needed more money.
He said that he might not do that.
She said that she might not do that.
He said that he knew who did that.
She said that she knew who did that.
He said that he knew I was coming.
She said that she knew I was coming.
He said that he isn't ready to go.
She said that she isn't ready to go.
He said that he isn't a candidate.
She said that she isn't a candidate.
He said that he heard three shots.
She said that she heard three shots.
He said that he had to talk to me.
She said that she had to talk to me.
He said that he had nowhere to go.
She said that she had nowhere to go.
He said that he had lots of money.
She said that she had lots of money.
He said that he had a slight cold.
She said that she had a slight cold.
He said that he felt very nervous.
She said that she felt very nervous.
He said that he felt the same way.
She said that she felt the same way.
He said that he felt like dancing.
She said that she felt like dancing.
He said that he felt disappointed.
She said that she felt disappointed.
He said that he feels like crying.
She said that she feels like crying.
He said that he enjoys doing that.
She said that she enjoys doing that.
He said that he enjoyed the party.
She said that she enjoyed the party.
He said that he doesn't want this.
She said that she doesn't want this.
He said that he doesn't feel well.
She said that she doesn't feel well.
He said that he didn't want to go.
She said that she didn't want to go.
He said that he didn't need money.
She said that she didn't need money.
He said that he didn't have a job.
She said that she didn't have a job.
He said that he didn't have a dog.
She said that she didn't have a dog.
He said that he didn't have a car.
She said that she didn't have a car.
He said that he didn't feel tired.
She said that she didn't feel tired.
He said that he didn't drink wine.
She said that she didn't drink wine.
He said that he didn't believe it.
She said that she didn't believe it.
He said that he did nothing wrong.
She said that she did nothing wrong.
He said that he could come get it.
She said that she could come get it.
He said that he called the police.
She said that she called the police.
He said that he agreed to do that.
She said that she agreed to do that.
He said he's taught French before.
She said she's taught French before.
He said he's reluctant to do that.
She said she's reluctant to do that.
He said he's not going to do that.
She said she's not going to do that.
He said he's never studied French.
She said she's never studied French.
He said he's never driven a truck.
She said she's never driven a truck.
He said he's motivated to do that.
She said she's motivated to do that.
He said he's entirely self-taught.
She said she's entirely self-taught.
He said he's done that many times.
She said she's done that many times.
He said he's desperate to do that.
She said she's desperate to do that.
He said he's confident of success.
She said she's confident of success.
He said he's been very happy here.
She said she's been very happy here.
He said he's been told to do that.
She said she's been told to do that.
He said he's been arrested before.
She said she's been arrested before.
He said he's always been athletic.
She said she's always been athletic.
He said he'll leave the door open.
She said she'll leave the door open.
He said he'll be leaving tomorrow.
She said she'll be leaving tomorrow.
He said he'll be doing that alone.
She said she'll be doing that alone.
He said he'd try to do that today.
She said she'd try to do that today.
He said he'd try to do that again.
She said she'd try to do that again.
He said he'd try doing that today.
She said she'd try doing that today.
He said he'd try doing that again.
She said she'd try doing that again.
He said he'd rather do that alone.
She said she'd rather do that alone.
He said he'd never come back here.
She said she'd never come back here.
He said he'd help me do that, too.
She said she'd help me do that, too.
He said he'd be home this evening.
She said she'd be home this evening.
He said he'd be afraid to do that.
She said she'd be afraid to do that.
He said he'd also help me do that.
She said she'd also help me do that.
He said he wouldn't do that today.
She said she wouldn't do that today.
He said he wouldn't do that again.
She said she wouldn't do that again.
He said he would do what we asked.
She said she would do what we asked.
He said he would do that tomorrow.
She said she would do that tomorrow.
He said he won't agree to do that.
She said she won't agree to do that.
He said he wasn't sure what to do.
She said she wasn't sure what to do.
He said he wasn't having much fun.
She said she wasn't having much fun.
He said he wasn't able to do that.
She said she wasn't able to do that.
He said he was willing to help us.
She said she was willing to help us.
He said he was willing to do that.
She said she was willing to do that.
He said he was used to doing that.
She said she was used to doing that.
He said he was too young to drive.
She said she was too young to drive.
He said he was too young to drink.
She said she was too young to drink.
He said he was too tired to dance.
She said she was too tired to dance.
He said he was too shy to do that.
She said she was too shy to do that.
He said he was too old to do that.
She said she was too old to do that.
He said he was through doing that.
She said she was through doing that.
He said he was tempted to do that.
She said she was tempted to do that.
He said he was sick of doing that.
She said she was sick of doing that.
He said he was having a good time.
She said she was having a good time.
He said he was feeling better now.
She said she was feeling better now.
He said he was enjoying the party.
She said she was enjoying the party.
He said he was curious about that.
She said she was curious about that.
He said he was completely baffled.
She said she was completely baffled.
He said he was afraid to go there.
She said she was afraid to go there.
He said he wants to join our band.
She said she wants to join our band.
He said he wants to be a mechanic.
She said she wants to be a mechanic.
He said he wanted to write a book.
She said she wanted to write a book.
He said he wanted to study abroad.
She said she wanted to study abroad.
He said he wanted to study French.
She said she wanted to study French.
He said he wanted to get divorced.
She said she wanted to get divorced.
He said he wanted to be a teacher.
She said she wanted to be a teacher.
He said he wanted to be a dentist.
She said she wanted to be a dentist.
He said he wanted a picture of me.
She said she wanted a picture of me.
He said he tries to be optimistic.
She said she tries to be optimistic.
He said he tried very hard to win.
She said she tried very hard to win.
He said he thought that you'd win.
She said she thought that you'd win.
He said he thought I was creative.
She said she thought I was creative.
He said he thought I looked happy.
She said she thought I looked happy.
He said he thought I looked bored.
She said she thought I looked bored.
He said he takes a walk every day.
She said she takes a walk every day.
He said he should've left earlier.
She said she should've left earlier.
He said he remembered being there.
She said she remembered being there.
He said he regrets not doing that.
She said she regrets not doing that.
He said he probably won't do that.
She said she probably won't do that.
He said he now regrets doing that.
She said she now regrets doing that.
He said he noticed the same thing.
She said she noticed the same thing.
He said he needed to study French.
She said she needed to study French.
He said he needed to stay at home.
She said she needed to stay at home.
He said he needed to get some air.
She said she needed to get some air.
He said he needed to do that soon.
She said she needed to do that soon.
He said he needed one of us there.
She said she needed one of us there.
He said he might possibly do that.
She said she might possibly do that.
He said he might agree to do that.
She said she might agree to do that.
He said he knew you could do that.
She said she knew you could do that.
He said he knew what was going on.
She said she knew what was going on.
He said he knew this would happen.
She said she knew this would happen.
He said he knew that I would come.
She said she knew that I would come.
He said he knew that I was coming.
She said she knew that I was coming.
He said he knew it was time to go.
She said she knew it was time to go.
He said he isn't going to help us.
She said she isn't going to help us.
He said he isn't going to do that.
She said she isn't going to do that.
He said he heard somebody yelling.
She said she heard somebody yelling.
He said he heard somebody snoring.
She said she heard somebody snoring.
He said he heard somebody singing.
She said she heard somebody singing.
He said he has to call the police.
She said she has to call the police.
He said he had trouble doing that.
She said she had trouble doing that.
He said he had to go to a meeting.
She said she had to go to a meeting.
He said he had to call the police.
She said she had to call the police.
He said he had three dogs at home.
She said she had three dogs at home.
He said he had nothing else to do.
She said she had nothing else to do.
He said he had a surprise for you.
She said she had a surprise for you.
He said he had a meeting to go to.
She said she had a meeting to go to.
He said he felt obligated to help.
She said she felt obligated to help.
He said he felt like eating steak.
She said she felt like eating steak.
He said he enjoys teaching French.
She said she enjoys teaching French.
He said he enjoys studying French.
She said she enjoys studying French.
He said he doesn't want to retire.
She said she doesn't want to retire.
He said he didn't want to help us.
She said she didn't want to help us.
He said he didn't want to eat now.
She said she didn't want to eat now.
He said he didn't want to do this.
She said she didn't want to do this.
He said he didn't want to do that.
She said she didn't want to do that.
He said he didn't want me to wait.
She said she didn't want me to wait.
He said he didn't want me to sing.
She said she didn't want me to sing.
He said he didn't want a sandwich.
She said she didn't want a sandwich.
He said he didn't see anyone else.
She said she didn't see anyone else.
He said he didn't plan to do that.
She said she didn't plan to do that.
He said he didn't need to do that.
She said she didn't need to do that.
He said he didn't mind doing that.
She said she didn't mind doing that.
He said he didn't like to do that.
She said she didn't like to do that.
He said he didn't like doing that.
She said she didn't like doing that.
He said he didn't know what to do.
She said she didn't know what to do.
He said he didn't know the answer.
She said she didn't know the answer.
He said he didn't know any better.
She said she didn't know any better.
He said he didn't know any French.
She said she didn't know any French.
He said he didn't have to do that.
She said she didn't have to do that.
He said he didn't feel well today.
She said she didn't feel well today.
He said he didn't feel threatened.
She said she didn't feel threatened.
He said he didn't feel like going.
She said she didn't feel like going.
He said he didn't do that anymore.
She said she didn't do that anymore.
He said he didn't care what I did.
She said she didn't care what I did.
He said he did that the wrong way.
She said she did that the wrong way.
He said he couldn't help us today.
She said she couldn't help us today.
He said he couldn't hear anything.
She said she couldn't hear anything.
He said he couldn't do that today.
She said she couldn't do that today.
He said he couldn't do that again.
She said she couldn't do that again.
He said he could probably do that.
She said she could probably do that.
He said more than he'd planned to.
She said more than she'd planned to.
He said more than he had intended.
She said more than she had intended.
He reluctantly did as he was told.
She reluctantly did as she was told.
He regretted everything he'd done.
She regretted everything she'd done.
He refused to tell us what he did.
She refused to tell us what she did.
He really is submissive, isn't he?
She really is submissive, isn't she?
He realized the mistake he'd made.
She realized the mistake she'd made.
He realized that he might be late.
She realized that she might be late.
He realized he was being followed.
She realized she was being followed.
He realized he had made a mistake.
She realized she had made a mistake.
He promised that he'd wait for us.
She promised that she'd wait for us.
He promised that he would tell us.
She promised that she would tell us.
He promised that he would help us.
She promised that she would help us.
He promised he'd go straight home.
She promised she'd go straight home.
He promised he'd do that tomorrow.
She promised she'd do that tomorrow.
He promised he won't do that here.
She promised she won't do that here.
He promised me he'd do that today.
She promised me she'd do that today.
He promised me he'd clean my room.
She promised me she'd clean my room.
He pretended that he was a doctor.
She pretended that she was a doctor.
He pretended that he had a weapon.
She pretended that she had a weapon.
He phoned to say he couldn't come.
She phoned to say she couldn't come.
He pawned the jewelry he'd stolen.
She pawned the jewelry she'd stolen.
He painted a picture of her mother.
He paid back the money he owed me.
She paid back the money she owed me.
He only does that when he's upset.
She only does that when she's upset.
He only does that when he's tired.
She only does that when she's tired.
He only does that when he's drunk.
She only does that when she's drunk.
He only does that when he's angry.
She only does that when she's angry.
He obviously got what he came for.
She obviously got what she came for.
He never said what you say he did.
She never said what you say she did.
He never mentioned he was married.
She never mentioned she was married.
He needed somebody he could trust.
She needed somebody she could trust.
He might get hurt if he does that.
She might get hurt if she does that.
He may use my bicycle if he wants.
She may use my bicycle if she wants.
He may talk with whoever he wants.
She may talk with whoever she wants.
He may take all the time he needs.
She may take all the time she needs.
He may not be as rich as he seems.
She may not be as rich as she seems.
He may not be as busy as he seems.
She may not be as busy as she seems.
He loved apples when he was a kid.
She loved apples when she was a kid.
He looks like he's self-conscious.
She looks like she's self-conscious.
He looks like he's about to faint.
She looks like she's about to faint.
He looks like he needs a vacation.
She looks like she needs a vacation.
He looked like he'd been drinking.
She looked like she'd been drinking.
He looked like he was unimpressed.
She looked like she was unimpressed.
He looked like he was unconvinced.
She looked like she was unconvinced.
He looked like he was unconscious.
She looked like she was unconscious.
He looked like he was unconcerned.
She looked like she was unconcerned.
He looked like he was overwhelmed.
She looked like she was overwhelmed.
He looked like he was intoxicated.
She looked like she was intoxicated.
He looked like he was heartbroken.
She looked like she was heartbroken.
He looked like he was embarrassed.
She looked like she was embarrassed.
He looked like he was discouraged.
She looked like she was discouraged.
He looked like he could've helped.
She looked like she could've helped.
He looked as if he'd seen a ghost.
She looked as if she'd seen a ghost.
He lied about how much he weighed.
She lied about how much she weighed.
He left home when he was eighteen.
She left home when she was eighteen.
He knows what he's supposed to do.
She knows what she's supposed to do.
He knows that he's in trouble now.
She knows that she's in trouble now.
He knows that he ought to do that.
She knows that she ought to do that.
He knows that he needs to do that.
She knows that she needs to do that.
He knows he's supposed to do that.
She knows she's supposed to do that.
He knows he's running out of time.
She knows she's running out of time.
He knows he's in real trouble now.
She knows she's in real trouble now.
He knows he's got to keep working.
She knows she's got to keep working.
He knows he ought to do that soon.
She knows she ought to do that soon.
He knows he needs to study French.
She knows she needs to study French.
He knows he needs to do that soon.
She knows she needs to do that soon.
He knows he made the right choice.
She knows she made the right choice.
He knew that he'd have to do that.
She knew that she'd have to do that.
He knew that he wouldn't be fired.
She knew that she wouldn't be fired.
He knew that he was being lied to.
She knew that she was being lied to.
He knew he'd done something wrong.
She knew she'd done something wrong.
He knew he was in serious trouble.
She knew she was in serious trouble.
He knew he was being photographed.
She knew she was being photographed.
He knew he didn't need to do that.
She knew she didn't need to do that.
He knew he didn't have to do that.
She knew she didn't have to do that.
He knew exactly what he was doing.
She knew exactly what she was doing.
He knew exactly what he had to do.
She knew exactly what she had to do.
He just told us that he got fired.
She just told us that she got fired.
He just told me he wasn't at home.
She just told me she wasn't at home.
He just does what he's told to do.
She just does what she's told to do.
He isn't yet as tall as her mother.
He isn't very enthusiastic, is he?
She isn't very enthusiastic, is she?
He isn't sure what else he can do.
She isn't sure what else she can do.
He isn't sure he wants to do this.
She isn't sure she wants to do this.
He isn't sure he wants to do that.
She isn't sure she wants to do that.
He isn't sure he ought to do that.
She isn't sure she ought to do that.
He isn't sure he needs to do that.
She isn't sure she needs to do that.
He isn't picky about what he eats.
She isn't picky about what she eats.
He isn't likely to do that, is he?
She isn't likely to do that, is she?
He isn't as weak as he used to be.
She isn't as weak as she used to be.
He isn't as ugly as he used to be.
She isn't as ugly as she used to be.
He isn't as tidy as he used to be.
She isn't as tidy as she used to be.
He isn't as thin as he used to be.
She isn't as thin as she used to be.
He isn't as spry as he used to be.
She isn't as spry as she used to be.
He isn't as slow as he used to be.
She isn't as slow as she used to be.
He isn't as rude as he used to be.
She isn't as rude as she used to be.
He isn't as rich as he used to be.
She isn't as rich as she used to be.
He isn't as poor as he used to be.
She isn't as poor as she used to be.
He isn't as old as you are, is he?
She isn't as old as you are, is she?
He isn't as nosy as he used to be.
She isn't as nosy as she used to be.
He isn't as nice as he used to be.
She isn't as nice as she used to be.
He isn't as neat as he used to be.
She isn't as neat as she used to be.
He isn't as lazy as he used to be.
She isn't as lazy as she used to be.
He isn't as happy as he should be.
She isn't as happy as she should be.
He isn't as fast as he used to be.
She isn't as fast as she used to be.
He isn't as cute as he used to be.
She isn't as cute as she used to be.
He isn't as busy as he used to be.
She isn't as busy as she used to be.
He isn't afraid of heights, is he?
She isn't afraid of heights, is she?
He isn't a teacher anymore, is he?
She isn't a teacher anymore, is she?
He isn't a suspect anymore, is he?
She isn't a suspect anymore, is she?
He is staying with her grandmother.
She is staying with her grandmother.
She is staying at her grandmother's.
He is as good a cook as her mother.
She is as good a cook as her mother.
He is almost as tall as her father.
She is almost as tall as her father.
He is a little bit like his father.
She is a little bit like her father.
He is a doctor like his father was.
She is a doctor like her father was.
He insists he's telling the truth.
She insists she's telling the truth.
He hurried so he wouldn't be late.
He hopes that he won't be demoted.
She hopes that she won't be demoted.
He hopes he'll be able to do that.
She hopes she'll be able to do that.
He hopes he won't be disqualified.
She hopes she won't be disqualified.
He hasn't told me why he did that.
She hasn't told me why she did that.
He hasn't done that again, has he?
She hasn't done that again, has she?
He has said he intends to do that.
She has said she intends to do that.
He has quite a temper, doesn't he?
She has quite a temper, doesn't she?
He has no one else he can rely on.
She has no one else she can rely on.
He has no idea he's being ignored.
She has no idea she's being ignored.
He has finished eating, hasn't he?
She has finished eating, hasn't she?
He has done that again, hasn't he?
She has done that again, hasn't she?
He has decided that he'll do that.
She has decided that she'll do that.
He has been told he can't do that.
She has been told she can't do that.
He has also said he won't do that.
She has also said she won't do that.
He has also said he can't do that.
She has also said she can't do that.
He had to admit that he was wrong.
She had to admit that she was wrong.
He had no right to do what he did.
She had no right to do what she did.
He had a big fight with her mother.
He got the punishment he deserved.
She got the punishment she deserved.
He got paid more than he expected.
She got paid more than she expected.
He got married when he was thirty.
She got married when she was thirty.
He got excited when he heard that.
She got excited when she heard that.
He got exactly what he wished for.
She got exactly what she wished for.
He gets overemotional, doesn't he?
She gets overemotional, doesn't she?
He gave this to me before he died.
She gave this to me before she died.
He gambled away everything he had.
She gambled away everything she had.
He felt uncomfortable, so he left.
She felt uncomfortable, so she left.
He felt like he could do anything.
She felt like she could do anything.
He feels he needs to do something.
She feels she needs to do something.
He failed because he didn't study.
She failed because she didn't study.
He enjoyed fishing with her father.
He eats only what he wants to eat.
She eats only what she wants to eat.
He drives a black car, doesn't he?
She drives a black car, doesn't she?
He doesn't yet know what he'll do.
She doesn't yet know what she'll do.
He doesn't think he could do that.
She doesn't think she could do that.
He doesn't think before he speaks.
She doesn't think before she speaks.
He doesn't still do that, does he?
She doesn't still do that, does she?
He doesn't realize what he's done.
She doesn't realize what she's done.
He doesn't often admit he's wrong.
She doesn't often admit she's wrong.
He doesn't miss anything, does he?
She doesn't miss anything, does she?
He doesn't look so happy, does he?
She doesn't look so happy, does she?
He doesn't look like he's unhappy.
She doesn't look like she's unhappy.
He doesn't know where he was born.
She doesn't know where she was born.
He doesn't know what he's missing.
She doesn't know what she's missing.
He doesn't know what he'll do yet.
She doesn't know what she'll do yet.
He doesn't know what he should do.
She doesn't know what she should do.
He doesn't know what he has to do.
She doesn't know what she has to do.
He doesn't know that he's adopted.
She doesn't know that she's adopted.
He doesn't know I wish he'd leave.
She doesn't know I wish she'd leave.
He doesn't have what he wants yet.
She doesn't have what she wants yet.
He doesn't feel he has to do that.
She doesn't feel she has to do that.
He doesn't believe he can do that.
She doesn't believe she can do that.
He does whatever he's asked to do.
She does whatever she's asked to do.
He does that every chance he gets.
She does that every chance she gets.
He didn't waste much time, did he?
She didn't waste much time, did she?
He didn't want to do that, did he?
She didn't want to do that, did she?
He didn't think he should do that.
She didn't think she should do that.
He didn't think he had to do that.
She didn't think she had to do that.
He didn't tell me why he was late.
She didn't tell me why she was late.
He didn't tell me why he did that.
She didn't tell me why she did that.
He didn't tell me where he'd been.
She didn't tell me where she'd been.
He didn't tell anybody who he was.
She didn't tell anybody who she was.
He didn't talk until he was three.
She didn't talk until she was three.
He didn't seem very tired, did he?
She didn't seem very tired, did she?
He didn't seem very happy, did he?
She didn't seem very happy, did she?
He didn't seem very angry, did he?
She didn't seem very angry, did she?
He didn't say what you say he did.
She didn't say what you say she did.
He didn't realize he had to leave.
She didn't realize she had to leave.
He didn't need to do that, did he?
She didn't need to do that, did she?
He didn't mention why he was late.
She didn't mention why she was late.
He didn't mention where he'd gone.
She didn't mention where she'd gone.
He didn't mention where he'd been.
She didn't mention where she'd been.
He didn't mean to do that, did he?
She didn't mean to do that, did she?
He didn't know who he could trust.
He didn't know where he was going.
She didn't know where she was going.
He didn't know where he should go.
She didn't know where she should go.
He didn't know what he should say.
She didn't know what she should say.
He didn't have to do that, did he?
She didn't have to do that, did she?
He didn't do what you said he did.
She didn't do what you said she did.
He didn't do what he wanted to do.
She didn't do what she wanted to do.
He didn't do what he needed to do.
She didn't do what she needed to do.
He did what he was supposed to do.
She did what she was supposed to do.
He did what he believed was right.
He did the right thing, didn't he?
She did the right thing, didn't she?
He did the only thing he could do.
She did the only thing she could do.
He did that until the day he died.
She did that until the day she died.
He did that on purpose, didn't he?
She did that on purpose, didn't she?
He did everything he wanted to do.
She did everything she wanted to do.
He deserved the punishment he got.
She deserved the punishment she got.
He denied that he stole the money.
She denied that she stole the money.
He denied he had stolen the money.
She denied she had stolen the money.
He couldn't get the job he wanted.
She couldn't get the job she wanted.
He couldn't believe what he heard.
She couldn't believe what she heard.
He could've won if he'd wanted to.
She could've won if she'd wanted to.
He could get hurt if he does that.
She could get hurt if she does that.
He could get here if he wanted to.
She could get here if she wanted to.
He could get fired if he did that.
She could get fired if she did that.
He could buy everything he needed.
She could buy everything she needed.
He claims that he's taught French.
She claims that she's taught French.
He claims he hasn't yet been paid.
She claims she hasn't yet been paid.
He claims he hasn't been paid yet.
She claims she hasn't been paid yet.
He claims he's never told a lie.
She claims she's never told a lie.
He claimed that he didn't do that.
She claimed that she didn't do that.
He certainly looks like he's rich.
She certainly looks like she's rich.
He can't believe what he just saw.
She can't believe what she just saw.
He can't always get what he wants.
She can't always get what she wants.
He can use my bicycle if he wants.
She can use my bicycle if she wants.
He can leave early if he wants to.
She can leave early if she wants to.
He called to tell me he'd be late.
She called to tell me she'd be late.
He called to say he would be late.
She called to say she would be late.
He believed that he could do that.
She believed that she could do that.
He asked what he could do to help.
She asked what she could do to help.
He asked that he not be disturbed.
She asked that she not be disturbed.
He asked me if I'd seen her father.
He asked if he could use my phone.
She asked if she could use my phone.
He asked if he could speak French.
She asked if she could speak French.
He almost looks happy, doesn't he?
She almost looks happy, doesn't she?
He admitted what he did was wrong.
She admitted what she did was wrong.
He admitted that he'd been unfair.
She admitted that she'd been unfair.
He admitted that he was uncertain.
She admitted that she was uncertain.
He admitted that he was terrified.
She admitted that she was terrified.
He admitted that he was skeptical.
She admitted that she was skeptical.
He admitted that he was intrigued.
She admitted that she was intrigued.
He admitted that he was impressed.
She admitted that she was impressed.
He admitted that he was exhausted.
She admitted that she was exhausted.
He admitted that he was desperate.
She admitted that she was desperate.
He admitted he wasn't really sick.
She admitted she wasn't really sick.
He admitted he wasn't really rich.
She admitted she wasn't really rich.
He admitted he wasn't really hurt.
She admitted she wasn't really hurt.
He admitted he hadn't been polite.
She admitted she hadn't been polite.
He admitted he hadn't been honest.
She admitted she hadn't been honest.
He admits that he was overwhelmed.
She admits that she was overwhelmed.
He admits that he often does that.
She admits that she often does that.
He acted as if he hadn't heard me.
She acted as if she hadn't heard me.
He wouldn't hit anyone, would he?
She wouldn't hit anyone, would she?
He wondered if he'd been lied to.
She wondered if she'd been lied to.
He wondered if he'd be safe here.
She wondered if she'd be safe here.
He wondered if he should do that.
She wondered if she should do that.
He wondered if he had to do that.
She wondered if she had to do that.
He won't tell me who he's dating.
She won't tell me who she's dating.
He won't really do that, will he?
She won't really do that, will she?
He won't go even if he's invited.
She won't go even if she's invited.
He won't admit that he was wrong.
She won't admit that she was wrong.
He wishes he had a larger office.
She wishes she had a larger office.
He wished he'd been more careful.
She wished she'd been more careful.
He wished he had something to do.
She wished she had something to do.
He wasn't very talkative, was he?
She wasn't very talkative, was she?
He wasn't very assertive, was he?
She wasn't very assertive, was she?
He wasn't told he should do that.
She wasn't told she should do that.
He wasn't sure what he should do.
She wasn't sure what she should do.
He wasn't sure he should do that.
She wasn't sure she should do that.
He wasn't sure he liked the plan.
She wasn't sure she liked the plan.
He wasn't sure he had to do that.
She wasn't sure she had to do that.
He wasn't sure how he could help.
She wasn't sure how she could help.
He wasn't home yesterday, was he?
She wasn't home yesterday, was she?
He wasn't happy with what he saw.
She wasn't happy with what she saw.
He was very talkative, wasn't he?
She was very talkative, wasn't she?
He was very sarcastic, wasn't he?
She was very sarcastic, wasn't she?
He was told he shouldn't do that.
She was told she shouldn't do that.
He was late because he overslept.
She was late because she overslept.
He was bullied when he was a kid.
She was bullied when she was a kid.
He was astonished by what he saw.
She was astonished by what she saw.
He was afraid he might get fired.
She was afraid she might get fired.
He wants to go and see her father.
He wanted you to think he'd died.
She wanted you to think she'd died.
He wanted to go, but he couldn't.
She wanted to go, but she couldn't.
He usually gets what he asks for.
She usually gets what she asks for.
He told you something, didn't he?
She told you something, didn't she?
He told us he could speak French.
She told us she could speak French.
He told me why he needed my help.
She told me why she needed my help.
He told me why he didn't do that.
She told me why she didn't do that.
He told me to tell you he's fine.
She told me to tell you she's fine.
He told me that he's very hungry.
She told me that she's very hungry.
He told me that he's unimpressed.
She told me that she's unimpressed.
He told me that he's unconvinced.
She told me that she's unconvinced.
He told me that he's sympathetic.
She told me that she's sympathetic.
He told me that he's pessimistic.
She told me that she's pessimistic.
He told me that he's intoxicated.
She told me that she's intoxicated.
He told me that he's heartbroken.
She told me that she's heartbroken.
He told me that he's discouraged.
She told me that she's discouraged.
He told me that he'd wait for us.
She told me that she'd wait for us.
He told me that he'd sort it out.
She told me that she'd sort it out.
He told me that he'd be discreet.
She told me that she'd be discreet.
He told me that he wouldn't wait.
She told me that she wouldn't wait.
He told me that he would help us.
She told me that she would help us.
He told me that he would do that.
She told me that she would do that.
He told me that he won't do that.
She told me that she won't do that.
He told me that he wasn't sleepy.
She told me that she wasn't sleepy.
He told me that he wasn't hungry.
She told me that she wasn't hungry.
He told me that he wasn't coming.
She told me that she wasn't coming.
He told me that he wasn't afraid.
She told me that she wasn't afraid.
He told me that he was very busy.
She told me that she was very busy.
He told me that he was unmarried.
She told me that she was unmarried.
He told me that he was uninsured.
She told me that she was uninsured.
He told me that he was undecided.
She told me that she was undecided.
He told me that he was terrified.
She told me that she was terrified.
He told me that he was surprised.
She told me that she was surprised.
He told me that he was skeptical.
She told me that she was skeptical.
He told me that he was satisfied.
She told me that she was satisfied.
He told me that he was miserable.
She told me that she was miserable.
He told me that he was irritated.
She told me that she was irritated.
He told me that he was impressed.
She told me that she was impressed.
He told me that he was forgetful.
She told me that she was forgetful.
He told me that he was exhausted.
She told me that she was exhausted.
He told me that he was done, too.
She told me that she was done, too.
He told me that he was desperate.
She told me that she was desperate.
He told me that he was depressed.
She told me that she was depressed.
He told me that he was concerned.
She told me that she was concerned.
He told me that he was bilingual.
She told me that she was bilingual.
He told me that he was at school.
She told me that she was at school.
He told me that he was an artist.
She told me that she was an artist.
He told me that he wanted to win.
She told me that she wanted to win.
He told me that he wanted to die.
She told me that she wanted to die.
He told me that he wanted to cry.
She told me that she wanted to cry.
He told me that he speaks French.
She told me that she speaks French.
He told me that he might not win.
She told me that she might not win.
He told me that he might do that.
She told me that she might do that.
He told me that he likes to swim.
She told me that she likes to swim.
He told me that he liked my idea.
She told me that she liked my idea.
He told me that he had a problem.
She told me that she had a problem.
He told me that he felt offended.
She told me that she felt offended.
He told me that he didn't get it.
She told me that she didn't get it.
He told me that he couldn't walk.
She told me that she couldn't walk.
He told me that he couldn't wait.
She told me that she couldn't wait.
He told me that he could take it.
She told me that she could take it.
He told me that he could help us.
She told me that she could help us.
He told me that he could do that.
She told me that she could do that.
He told me that he can't do that.
She told me that she can't do that.
He told me that he believed that.
She told me that she believed that.
He told me he's ready to do that.
She told me she's ready to do that.
He told me he's leaving tomorrow.
She told me she's leaving tomorrow.
He told me he'd do that tomorrow.
She told me she'd do that tomorrow.
He told me he wouldn't stay long.
She told me she wouldn't stay long.
He told me he wasn't very hungry.
She told me she wasn't very hungry.
He told me he wasn't ready to go.
She told me she wasn't ready to go.
He told me he wasn't embarrassed.
She told me she wasn't embarrassed.
He told me he wasn't discouraged.
She told me she wasn't discouraged.
He told me he wasn't coming back.
She told me she wasn't coming back.
He told me he was glad to see me.
She told me she was glad to see me.
He told me he was doing that now.
She told me she was doing that now.
He told me he was claustrophobic.
She told me she was claustrophobic.
He told me he used to be married.
She told me she used to be married.
He told me he preferred red wine.
She told me she preferred red wine.
He told me he never uses shampoo.
She told me she never uses shampoo.
He told me he likes Chinese food.
She told me she likes Chinese food.
He told me he has just done that.
She told me she has just done that.
He told me he found a job for me.
She told me she found a job for me.
He told me he enjoyed the picnic.
She told me she enjoyed the picnic.
He told me he didn't want to win.
She told me she didn't want to win.
He told me he didn't like boxing.
She told me she didn't like boxing.
He told me he couldn't stay long.
She told me she couldn't stay long.
He told me he can't speak French.
She told me she can't speak French.
He told me her father wasn't home.
He told everyone he was unafraid.
She told everyone she was unafraid.
He told everyone he was ticklish.
She told everyone she was ticklish.
He told everyone he was prepared.
She told everyone she was prepared.
He told everybody he was thirsty.
She told everybody she was thirsty.
He told everybody he was starved.
She told everybody she was starved.
He told everybody he was retired.
She told everybody she was retired.
He told everybody he was pleased.
She told everybody she was pleased.
He told everybody he was nervous.
She told everybody she was nervous.
He told everybody he was jealous.
She told everybody she was jealous.
He thought that he would be late.
She thought that she would be late.
He thought that he saw a pattern.
She thought that she saw a pattern.
He thought that he might do that.
She thought that she might do that.
He thought that he could help us.
She thought that she could help us.
He thought that he could do that.
She thought that she could do that.
He thought he'd find another job.
She thought she'd find another job.
He thought he was in big trouble.
She thought she was in big trouble.
He thinks that he's good-looking.
She thinks that she's good-looking.
He thinks that he's always right.
He thinks that he should do that.
She thinks that she should do that.
He thinks he's going to die soon.
She thinks she's going to die soon.
He thinks he'll get straight A's.
She thinks she'll get straight A's.
He thinks he should study French.
She thinks she should study French.
He talks quite a lot, doesn't he?
She talks quite a lot, doesn't she?
He swore that he'd never do that.
She swore that she'd never do that.
He swore he'd never hit me again.
She swore she'd never hit me again.
He swore he wouldn't leave early.
She swore she wouldn't leave early.
He swears he won't do that again.
She swears she won't do that again.
He still denies that he did that.
She still denies that she did that.
He soon realized he wasn't alone.
She soon realized she wasn't alone.
He should've stayed where he was.
She should've stayed where she was.
He should do that if he wants to.
She should do that if she wants to.
He seems quite happy, doesn't he?
She seems quite happy, doesn't she?
He seems awfully sad, doesn't he?
She seems awfully sad, doesn't she?
He seemed to know what he wanted.
She seemed to know what she wanted.
He seemed to be happy, didn't he?
She seemed to be happy, didn't she?
He seemed quite happy, didn't he?
She seemed quite happy, didn't she?
He says that he's a good student.
She says that she's a good student.
He says that he'll do that today.
She says that she'll do that today.
He says that he'll come tomorrow.
She says that she'll come tomorrow.
He says that he wants to do that.
She says that she wants to do that.
He says that he plans to do that.
She says that she plans to do that.
He says that he doesn't blame us.
She says that she doesn't blame us.
He says he's too busy to do that.
She says she's too busy to do that.
He says he's tired of doing that.
She says she's tired of doing that.
He says he's prepared to do that.
She says she's prepared to do that.
He says he's planning to do that.
She says she's planning to do that.
He says he's never taught French.
She says she's never taught French.
He says he's never been arrested.
She says she's never been arrested.
He says he's here to support you.
She says she's here to support you.
He says he's feeling very sleepy.
She says she's feeling very sleepy.
He says he'll study French today.
She says she'll study French today.
He says he'll pay for everything.
She says she'll pay for everything.
He says he'll get home on Monday.
She says she'll get home on Monday.
He says he'd never do that again.
She says she'd never do that again.
He says he'd be happy to do that.
She says she'd be happy to do that.
He says he won't wait any longer.
She says she won't wait any longer.
He says he won't need to do that.
She says she won't need to do that.
He says he won't help us do that.
She says she won't help us do that.
He says he won't have to do that.
She says she won't have to do that.
He says he won't do that for you.
She says she won't do that for you.
He says he won't do that anymore.
She says she won't do that anymore.
He says he wants to study French.
She says she wants to study French.
He says he wants to speak to you.
She says she wants to speak to you.
He says he wants to speak French.
She says she wants to speak French.
He says he wants to learn French.
She says she wants to learn French.
He says he wants to do that, too.
She says she wants to do that, too.
He says he wants to come with us.
She says she wants to come with us.
He says he wants to be a teacher.
She says she wants to be a teacher.
He says he understood everything.
She says she understood everything.
He says he tried to do that once.
She says she tried to do that once.
He says he still does that a lot.
She says she still does that a lot.
He says he saw something strange.
She says she saw something strange.
He says he plans to study French.
She says she plans to study French.
He says he needs to study French.
She says she needs to study French.
He says he needs to do that, too.
She says she needs to do that, too.
He says he likes teaching French.
She says she likes teaching French.
He says he likes studying French.
She says she likes studying French.
He says he likes speaking French.
She says she likes speaking French.
He says he just couldn't do that.
She says she just couldn't do that.
He says he isn't able to do that.
She says she isn't able to do that.
He says he has no concrete plans.
She says she has no concrete plans.
He says he has a lot to do today.
She says she has a lot to do today.
He says he found it on the bench.
She says she found it on the bench.
He says he felt sick an hour ago.
She says she felt sick an hour ago.
He says he feels much better now.
She says she feels much better now.
He says he feels like doing that.
She says she feels like doing that.
He says he feels a little better.
She says she feels a little better.
He says he doesn't want to fight.
She says she doesn't want to fight.
He says he doesn't remember much.
She says she doesn't remember much.
He says he doesn't need our help.
She says she doesn't need our help.
He says he doesn't like children.
She says she doesn't like children.
He says he doesn't have a lawyer.
She says she doesn't have a lawyer.
He says he didn't have insurance.
She says she didn't have insurance.
He says he comes here every year.
She says she comes here every year.
He says he can't wait any longer.
She says she can't wait any longer.
He says he can't stay for dinner.
She says she can't stay for dinner.
He says he can't remember things.
She says she can't remember things.
He says he can't believe anybody.
She says she can't believe anybody.
He says he also wants to do that.
She says she also wants to do that.
He says he also needs to do that.
She says she also needs to do that.
He said that's not what he wants.
She said that's not what she wants.
He said that he's ready to leave.
She said that she's ready to leave.
He said that he's not yet thirty.
She said that she's not yet thirty.
He said that he's not sleepy yet.
She said that she's not sleepy yet.
He said that he's not doing that.
She said that she's not doing that.
He said that he's not being used.
She said that she's not being used.
He said that he's doing that now.
She said that she's doing that now.
He said that he's been very busy.
She said that she's been very busy.
He said that he'll never do that.
She said that she'll never do that.
He said that he'll look after me.
She said that she'll look after me.
He said that he'll do that later.
She said that she'll do that later.
He said that he'll check into it.
She said that she'll check into it.
He said that he'd try to do that.
She said that she'd try to do that.
He said that he'd try doing that.
She said that she'd try doing that.
He said that he'd think about it.
She said that she'd think about it.
He said that he'd rather go home.
She said that she'd rather go home.
He said that he'd never leave me.
She said that she'd never leave me.
He said that he'd likely do that.
She said that she'd likely do that.
He said that he'd do that for us.
She said that she'd do that for us.
He said that he'd definitely win.
She said that she'd definitely win.
He said that he'd call you later.
She said that she'd call you later.
He said that he'd been fortunate.
She said that she'd been fortunate.
He said that he'd be there early.
She said that she'd be there early.
He said that he'd be cooperative.
She said that she'd be cooperative.
He said that he'd be coming back.
She said that she'd be coming back.
He said that he wouldn't help me.
She said that she wouldn't help me.
He said that he wouldn't do that.
She said that she wouldn't do that.
He said that he would look at it.
She said that she would look at it.
He said that he wasn't very cold.
She said that she wasn't very cold.
He said that he wasn't terrified.
She said that she wasn't terrified.
He said that he wasn't surprised.
She said that she wasn't surprised.
He said that he wasn't skeptical.
She said that she wasn't skeptical.
He said that he wasn't satisfied.
She said that she wasn't satisfied.
He said that he wasn't impressed.
She said that she wasn't impressed.
He said that he wasn't convinced.
She said that she wasn't convinced.
He said that he wasn't concerned.
She said that she wasn't concerned.
He said that he was very worried.
She said that she was very worried.
He said that he was very unlucky.
She said that she was very unlucky.
He said that he was very unhappy.
She said that she was very unhappy.
He said that he was very thirsty.
She said that she was very thirsty.
He said that he was very shocked.
She said that she was very shocked.
He said that he was very serious.
She said that she was very serious.
He said that he was very nervous.
She said that she was very nervous.
He said that he was very jealous.
She said that she was very jealous.
He said that he was very excited.
She said that she was very excited.
He said that he was very curious.
She said that she was very curious.
He said that he was still afraid.
She said that she was still afraid.
He said that he was really upset.
She said that she was really upset.
He said that he was really tired.
She said that she was really tired.
He said that he was really sorry.
She said that she was really sorry.
He said that he was really lucky.
She said that she was really lucky.
He said that he was really happy.
She said that she was really happy.
He said that he was really drunk.
She said that she was really drunk.
He said that he was really broke.
She said that she was really broke.
He said that he was really bored.
She said that she was really bored.
He said that he was really angry.
She said that she was really angry.
He said that he was no different.
She said that she was no different.
He said that he was here to stay.
She said that she was here to stay.
He said that he was going to win.
She said that she was going to win.
He said that he was going to die.
She said that she was going to die.
He said that he was glad to help.
She said that she was glad to help.
He said that he was feeling fine.
She said that she was feeling fine.
He said that he was discontented.
She said that she was discontented.
He said that he was disappointed.
She said that she was disappointed.
He said that he was conservative.
She said that she was conservative.
He said that he was appreciative.
She said that she was appreciative.
He said that he was ambidextrous.
She said that she was ambidextrous.
He said that he was all worn out.
She said that she was all worn out.
He said that he wants to do that.
She said that she wants to do that.
He said that he wanted to retire.
She said that she wanted to retire.
He said that he wanted ice cream.
She said that she wanted ice cream.
He said that he wanted a new car.
She said that she wanted a new car.
He said that he tried to do that.
She said that she tried to do that.
He said that he prefers red wine.
She said that she prefers red wine.
He said that he plans to do that.
She said that she plans to do that.
He said that he planned on going.
She said that she planned on going.
He said that he ought to do that.
She said that she ought to do that.
He said that he never felt tired.
She said that she never felt tired.
He said that he needs to do that.
She said that she needs to do that.
He said that he needed the money.
She said that she needed the money.
He said that he needed some cash.
She said that she needed some cash.
He said that he needed more time.
She said that she needed more time.
He said that he likes to do that.
She said that she likes to do that.
He said that he likes doing that.
She said that she likes doing that.
He said that he liked to do that.
She said that she liked to do that.
He said that he liked doing that.
She said that she liked doing that.
He said that he isn't thirty yet.
She said that she isn't thirty yet.
He said that he isn't sleepy yet.
She said that she isn't sleepy yet.
He said that he hasn't done that.
She said that she hasn't done that.
He said that he had to work late.
She said that she had to work late.
He said that he had to walk home.
She said that she had to walk home.
He said that he had to stay home.
She said that she had to stay home.
He said that he had a job for me.
She said that she had a job for me.
He said that he forgot something.
She said that she forgot something.
He said that he felt very sleepy.
She said that she felt very sleepy.
He said that he felt very lonely.
She said that she felt very lonely.
He said that he felt very guilty.
She said that she felt very guilty.
He said that he felt responsible.
She said that she felt responsible.
He said that he felt overwhelmed.
She said that she felt overwhelmed.
He said that he felt no pressure.
She said that she felt no pressure.
He said that he felt manipulated.
She said that she felt manipulated.
He said that he felt like crying.
She said that she felt like crying.
He said that he felt lightheaded.
She said that she felt lightheaded.
He said that he felt intimidated.
She said that she felt intimidated.
He said that he felt embarrassed.
She said that she felt embarrassed.
He said that he felt comfortable.
She said that she felt comfortable.
He said that he felt a bit woozy.
She said that she felt a bit woozy.
He said that he felt a bit tired.
She said that she felt a bit tired.
He said that he enjoyed the view.
She said that she enjoyed the view.
He said that he enjoyed the show.
She said that she enjoyed the show.
He said that he enjoyed the food.
She said that she enjoyed the food.
He said that he doesn't eat pork.
She said that she doesn't eat pork.
He said that he doesn't eat meat.
She said that she doesn't eat meat.
He said that he didn't like this.
She said that she didn't like this.
He said that he didn't like dogs.
She said that she didn't like dogs.
He said that he didn't like cats.
She said that she didn't like cats.
He said that he didn't like beer.
She said that she didn't like beer.
He said that he didn't know this.
She said that she didn't know this.
He said that he didn't feel well.
She said that she didn't feel well.
He said that he didn't feel safe.
She said that she didn't feel safe.
He said that he didn't feel cold.
She said that she didn't feel cold.
He said that he did that in 2013.
She said that she did that in 2013.
He said that he did that for you.
She said that she did that for you.
He said that he did that already.
She said that she did that already.
He said that he couldn't help me.
She said that she couldn't help me.
He said that he couldn't do that.
She said that she couldn't do that.
He said that he couldn't breathe.
She said that she couldn't breathe.
He said that he could see ghosts.
She said that she could see ghosts.
He said that he could do nothing.
She said that she could do nothing.
He said that he ate way too much.
She said that she ate way too much.
He said that he appreciated that.
She said that she appreciated that.
He said that he already did that.
She said that she already did that.
He said he's very busy this week.
She said she's very busy this week.
He said he's very busy right now.
She said she's very busy right now.
He said he's tired of doing that.
She said she's tired of doing that.
He said he's studying French now.
She said she's studying French now.
He said he's seen people do that.
She said she's seen people do that.
He said he's prepared to help me.
She said she's prepared to help me.
He said he's planning to go, too.
She said she's planning to go, too.
He said he's planning to do that.
She said she's planning to do that.
He said he's only done that once.
She said she's only done that once.
He said he's never taught French.
She said she's never taught French.
He said he's never been arrested.
She said she's never been arrested.
He said he's hesitant to do that.
She said she's hesitant to do that.
He said he's finished doing that.
She said she's finished doing that.
He said he's been offered $3,000.
She said she's been offered $3,000.
He said he'll be doing that soon.
She said she'll be doing that soon.
He said he'd play tennis with us.
She said she'd play tennis with us.
He said he'd never let you drive.
She said she'd never let you drive.
He said he'd never do that again.
She said she'd never do that again.
He said he'd like to talk to you.
She said she'd like to talk to you.
He said he'd like to do that now.
She said she'd like to do that now.
He said he'd help load the truck.
She said she'd help load the truck.
He said he'd forgotten something.
She said she'd forgotten something.
He said he'd do anything for you.
She said she'd do anything for you.
He said he'd consider doing that.
She said she'd consider doing that.
He said he'd come to the wedding.
She said she'd come to the wedding.
He said he'd buy what was needed.
She said she'd buy what was needed.
He said he'd been offered $3,000.
She said she'd been offered $3,000.
He said he'd be happy to do that.
She said she'd be happy to do that.
He said he'd be back next Monday.
She said she'd be back next Monday.
He said he wouldn't speak French.
She said she wouldn't speak French.
He said he wouldn't say anything.
She said she wouldn't say anything.
He said he would quit doing that.
She said she would quit doing that.
He said he would leave on Monday.
She said she would leave on Monday.
He said he would be OK with that.
She said she would be OK with that.
He said he won't walk home today.
She said she won't walk home today.
He said he won't wait any longer.
She said she won't wait any longer.
He said he won't do that anymore.
She said she won't do that anymore.
He said he wasn't planning to go.
She said she wasn't planning to go.
He said he wasn't having any fun.
She said she wasn't having any fun.
He said he wasn't good at French.
She said she wasn't good at French.
He said he wasn't going anywhere.
She said she wasn't going anywhere.
He said he wasn't afraid anymore.
She said she wasn't afraid anymore.
He said he was utterly exhausted.
She said she was utterly exhausted.
He said he was unable to do that.
She said she was unable to do that.
He said he was too young to vote.
She said she was too young to vote.
He said he was somewhat confused.
She said she was somewhat confused.
He said he was hoping to see you.
She said she was hoping to see you.
He said he was glad you did that.
She said she was glad you did that.
He said he was forced to do that.
She said she was forced to do that.
He said he was feeling confident.
She said she was feeling confident.
He said he was determined to win.
She said she was determined to win.
He said he was at home yesterday.
She said she was at home yesterday.
He said he was afraid to do that.
She said she was afraid to do that.
He said he was afraid of heights.
She said she was afraid of heights.
He said he wants to write a book.
She said she wants to write a book.
He said he wants to study French.
She said she wants to study French.
He said he wants to be a teacher.
She said she wants to be a teacher.
He said he wanted to talk to you.
She said she wanted to talk to you.
He said he wanted to make amends.
She said she wanted to make amends.
He said he wanted to leave early.
She said she wanted to leave early.
He said he wanted to go swimming.
She said she wanted to go swimming.
He said he wanted to go shopping.
She said she wanted to go shopping.
He said he wanted to buy a horse.
She said she wanted to buy a horse.
He said he wanted another chance.
She said she wanted another chance.
He said he walked home yesterday.
She said she walked home yesterday.
He said he tried to do that once.
She said she tried to do that once.
He said he slept well last night.
She said she slept well last night.
He said he remembers being there.
She said she remembers being there.
He said he remembered doing that.
She said she remembered doing that.
He said he probably wouldn't win.
She said she probably wouldn't win.
He said he probably wouldn't cry.
She said she probably wouldn't cry.
He said he plans to study French.
She said she plans to study French.
He said he plans to go on Monday.
She said she plans to go on Monday.
He said he plans on going Monday.
She said she plans on going Monday.
He said he planned on doing that.
She said she planned on doing that.
He said he needs to study French.
She said she needs to study French.
He said he needs to get some air.
She said she needs to get some air.
He said he needed to take a bath.
She said she needed to take a bath.
He said he needed some more time.
She said she needed some more time.
He said he might never come back.
She said she might never come back.
He said he might be able to help.
She said she might be able to help.
He said he likes teaching French.
She said she likes teaching French.
He said he likes studying French.
She said she likes studying French.
He said he likes speaking French.
She said she likes speaking French.
He said he liked teaching French.
She said she liked teaching French.
He said he liked studying French.
She said she liked studying French.
He said he liked speaking French.
She said she liked speaking French.
He said he learned something new.
She said she learned something new.
He said he knew you wouldn't win.
She said she knew you wouldn't win.
He said he knew you couldn't win.
She said she knew you couldn't win.
He said he kept asking questions.
She said she kept asking questions.
He said he just needed more time.
She said she just needed more time.
He said he jumped out of the way.
She said she jumped out of the way.
He said he isn't able to do that.
She said she isn't able to do that.
He said he hopes you can do that.
She said she hopes you can do that.
He said he heard someone yelling.
She said she heard someone yelling.
He said he heard someone snoring.
She said she heard someone snoring.
He said he heard someone singing.
She said she heard someone singing.
He said he heard a noise outside.
She said she heard a noise outside.
He said he hasn't studied French.
She said she hasn't studied French.
He said he has to get more sleep.
She said she has to get more sleep.
He said he had something for you.
She said she had something for you.
He said he had no reason to stay.
She said she had no reason to stay.
He said he found doing that hard.
She said she found doing that hard.
He said he felt quite threatened.
She said she felt quite threatened.
He said he felt much happier now.
She said she felt much happier now.
He said he felt extremely guilty.
She said she felt extremely guilty.
He said he felt a little nervous.
She said she felt a little nervous.
He said he feels like doing that.
She said she feels like doing that.
He said he enjoyed the challenge.
She said she enjoyed the challenge.
He said he doesn't smoke anymore.
She said she doesn't smoke anymore.
He said he doesn't plan on going.
She said she doesn't plan on going.
He said he didn't want me to win.
She said she didn't want me to win.
He said he didn't wait very long.
She said she didn't wait very long.
He said he didn't mean to hit me.
She said she didn't mean to hit me.
He said he didn't know the rules.
She said she didn't know the rules.
He said he didn't intend to stay.
She said she didn't intend to stay.
He said he didn't have insurance.
She said she didn't have insurance.
He said he didn't have any money.
She said she didn't have any money.
He said he didn't have an office.
She said she didn't have an office.
He said he didn't have a bicycle.
She said she didn't have a bicycle.
He said he didn't care what I do.
She said she didn't care what I do.
He said he didn't agree with you.
She said she didn't agree with you.
He said he couldn't speak French.
She said she couldn't speak French.
He said he could help us do that.
She said she could help us do that.
He said he considered doing that.
She said she considered doing that.
He said he can't wait any longer.
She said she can't wait any longer.
He said he almost didn't do that.
She said she almost didn't do that.
He said he agrees it's a problem.
She said she agrees it's a problem.
He said he acted in self-defense.
She said she acted in self-defense.
He said more than he should have.
She said more than she should have.
He realized that he was drowning.
She realized that she was drowning.
He realized he shouldn't do that.
She realized she shouldn't do that.
He realized he needed to do that.
She realized she needed to do that.
He read everything he could find.
She read everything she could find.
He ran as fast as he was able to.
He put you up to this, didn't he?
She put you up to this, didn't she?
He promised he'd be more careful.
She promised she'd be more careful.
He promised me that he'd do that.
She promised me that she'd do that.
He promised me that he'd be here.
She promised me that she'd be here.
He promised me he'd study French.
She promised me she'd study French.
He pretended that he didn't care.
She pretended that she didn't care.
He pretended he was still asleep.
She pretended she was still asleep.
He phoned to say he's not coming.
She phoned to say she's not coming.
He only does what he wants to do.
She only does what she wants to do.
He only does what he needs to do.
She only does what she needs to do.
He never told me why he was here.
She never told me why she was here.
He never told me why he did that.
She never told me why she did that.
He never told me where he worked.
She never told me where she worked.
He never did what you say he did.
She never did what you say she did.
He never denied that he did that.
She never denied that she did that.
He needs all the help he can get.
She needs all the help she can get.
He needed someone he could trust.
She needed someone she could trust.
He may leave anytime he wants to.
She may leave anytime she wants to.
He may get fined if he does that.
She may get fined if she does that.
He may do that wherever he wants.
She may do that wherever she wants.
He may do that anywhere he wants.
She may do that anywhere she wants.
He made a list of what he wanted.
She made a list of what she wanted.
He made a list of what he needed.
She made a list of what she needed.
He lost what little money he had.
He looks older than he really is.
She looks older than she really is.
He looks like he's up to no good.
She looks like she's up to no good.
He looks like he's uncomfortable.
She looks like she's uncomfortable.
He looks like he's ready to work.
She looks like she's ready to work.
He looks like he's about to puke.
She looks like she's about to puke.
He looks like he'd like to leave.
She looks like she'd like to leave.
He looks like he needs a holiday.
She looks like she needs a holiday.
He looks as if he's seen a ghost.
She looks as if she's seen a ghost.
He looks as if he has a headache.
She looks as if she has a headache.
He looked tired when he got home.
She looked tired when she got home.
He looked like he'd seen a ghost.
She looked like she'd seen a ghost.
He looked like he was suspicious.
She looked like she was suspicious.
He looked like he was interested.
She looked like she was interested.
He looked like he was in a hurry.
She looked like she was in a hurry.
He looked like he was having fun.
She looked like she was having fun.
He looked like he was frustrated.
She looked like she was frustrated.
He looked like he was frightened.
She looked like she was frightened.
He looked like he was fascinated.
She looked like she was fascinated.
He looked like he was distracted.
She looked like she was distracted.
He looked like he was displeased.
She looked like she was displeased.
He looked like he was determined.
She looked like she was determined.
He looked like he was astonished.
She looked like she was astonished.
He lied about who he'd been with.
She lied about who she'd been with.
He knows that he's said too much.
She knows that she's said too much.
He knows that he's being watched.
She knows that she's being watched.
He knows that he's being lied to.
She knows that she's being lied to.
He knows that he hears something.
She knows that she hears something.
He knows that he has to buy time.
She knows that she has to buy time.
He knows that he has to be ready.
She knows that she has to be ready.
He knows that he can count on us.
She knows that she can count on us.
He knows he's done something bad.
She knows she's done something bad.
He knows he won't get in trouble.
She knows she won't get in trouble.
He knows he should do that today.
She knows she should do that today.
He knows he has to do that today.
She knows she has to do that today.
He knows he has a choice to make.
She knows she has a choice to make.
He knows he can't afford to fail.
She knows she can't afford to fail.
He knows exactly what he's doing.
She knows exactly what she's doing.
He knew what he was getting into.
She knew what she was getting into.
He knew that he was being unfair.
She knew that she was being unfair.
He knew that he couldn't do that.
She knew that she couldn't do that.
He knew he'd just made a mistake.
She knew she'd just made a mistake.
He knew he was likely to be late.
She knew she was likely to be late.
He knew right where he was going.
She knew right where she was going.
He just does what he wants to do.
She just does what she wants to do.
He just does what he needs to do.
She just does what she needs to do.
He isn't yet able to swim, is he?
She isn't yet able to swim, is she?
He isn't very trustworthy, is he?
She isn't very trustworthy, is she?
He isn't very spontaneous, is he?
She isn't very spontaneous, is she?
He isn't very resourceful, is he?
She isn't very resourceful, is she?
He isn't very imaginative, is he?
She isn't very imaginative, is she?
He isn't still doing that, is he?
She isn't still doing that, is she?
He isn't staying with you, is he?
She isn't staying with you, is she?
He isn't happy to be here, is he?
She isn't happy to be here, is she?
He isn't happy about this, is he?
She isn't happy about this, is she?
He isn't going to make it, is he?
She isn't going to make it, is she?
He isn't going to do that, is he?
She isn't going to do that, is she?
He isn't from around here, is he?
She isn't from around here, is she?
He isn't doing that again, is he?
She isn't doing that again, is she?
He isn't as shy as he used to be.
She isn't as shy as she used to be.
He isn't as quick as he once was.
She isn't as quick as she once was.
He isn't as innocent as he seems.
She isn't as innocent as she seems.
He isn't as fun as he used to be.
She isn't as fun as she used to be.
He isn't as fat as he used to be.
She isn't as fat as she used to be.
He isn't a very good liar, is he?
She isn't a very good liar, is she?
He is much taller than his mother.
She is much taller than her mother.
He is a doctor like his father is.
She is a doctor like her father is.
He insisted that he didn't do it.
She insisted that she didn't do it.
He insisted he wasn't in the car.
She insisted she wasn't in the car.
He hopes he didn't botch the job.
She hopes she didn't botch the job.
He hoped he'd be able to do that.
She hoped she'd be able to do that.
He hoped he wouldn't be too late.
She hoped she wouldn't be too late.
He hoped he wouldn't be captured.
She hoped she wouldn't be captured.
He has told me he has to do that.
She has told me she has to do that.
He has to finish what he's doing.
She has to finish what she's doing.
He has things he still has to do.
She has things she still has to do.
He has something he wants to say.
She has something she wants to say.
He has shown he can't be trusted.
She has shown she can't be trusted.
He has paid back what he owes us.
She has paid back what she owes us.
He has never heard of me, has he?
She has never heard of me, has she?
He has had about all he can take.
She has had about all she can take.
He has got things he needs to do.
She has got things she needs to do.
He has done everything he can do.
She has done everything she can do.
He has been told he has to leave.
She has been told she has to leave.
He has assured me he'll be there.
She has assured me she'll be there.
He has a few tattoos, doesn't he?
She has a few tattoos, doesn't she?
He had no idea what he was doing.
She had no idea what she was doing.
He had no idea what he should do.
She had no idea what she should do.
He got you in trouble, didn't he?
She got you in trouble, didn't she?
He got exactly what he asked for.
She got exactly what she asked for.
He goes swimming whenever he can.
She goes swimming whenever she can.
He gave away everything he owned.
She gave away everything she owned.
He found a need and he filled it.
He figured that he could do that.
She figured that she could do that.
He figured he couldn't afford it.
She figured she couldn't afford it.
He felt he needed to make amends.
She felt she needed to make amends.
He feels that he's ready to play.
She feels that she's ready to play.
He doesn't want me here, does he?
She doesn't want me here, does she?
He doesn't speak French, does he?
She doesn't speak French, does she?
He doesn't seem so busy, does he?
She doesn't seem so busy, does she?
He doesn't miss a thing, does he?
She doesn't miss a thing, does she?
He doesn't look so busy, does he?
She doesn't look so busy, does she?
He doesn't look like he's lonely.
She doesn't look like she's lonely.
He doesn't know where he's going.
She doesn't know where she's going.
He doesn't know where he belongs.
She doesn't know where she belongs.
He doesn't know what he's saying.
She doesn't know what she's saying.
He does that even when he's sick.
She does that even when she's sick.
He does that because he wants to.
She does that because she wants to.
He does that because he likes to.
She does that because she likes to.
He does only what he wants to do.
She does only what she wants to do.
He died before he hit the ground.
She died before she hit the ground.
He didn't want to go, but he did.
She didn't want to go, but she did.
He didn't think he would make it.
She didn't think she would make it.
He didn't think he could do that.
She didn't think she could do that.
He didn't tell me where he lived.
She didn't tell me where she lived.
He didn't tell me he was married.
She didn't tell me she was married.
He didn't tell anyone who he was.
She didn't tell anyone who she was.
He didn't specify what he wanted.
She didn't specify what she wanted.
He didn't seem very busy, did he?
She didn't seem very busy, did she?
He didn't say who he'd gone with.
She didn't say who she'd gone with.
He didn't say where he was going.
She didn't say where she was going.
He didn't say when he was coming.
She didn't say when she was coming.
He didn't need to go, but he did.
She didn't need to go, but she did.
He didn't mention what he'd done.
She didn't mention what she'd done.
He didn't look like he was tired.
She didn't look like she was tired.
He didn't look like he was happy.
She didn't look like she was happy.
He didn't know when he'd be back.
She didn't know when she'd be back.
He didn't know what he was doing.
She didn't know what she was doing.
He didn't know what he should do.
She didn't know what she should do.
He didn't know what he had to do.
She didn't know what she had to do.
He didn't know he'd hurt anybody.
She didn't know she'd hurt anybody.
He didn't know he should do that.
She didn't know she should do that.
He didn't know he had to do that.
She didn't know she had to do that.
He didn't know how he could help.
She didn't know how she could help.
He didn't get what he wished for.
She didn't get what she wished for.
He didn't feel that he was ready.
She didn't feel that she was ready.
He didn't even know where he was.
She didn't even know where she was.
He didn't do what you say he did.
She didn't do what you say she did.
He didn't deny he didn't do that.
She didn't deny she didn't do that.
He did what he'd been told to do.
She did what she'd been told to do.
He did what he thought was right.
She did what she thought was right.
He did the job the best he could.
She did the job the best she could.
He did that very fast, didn't he?
She did that very fast, didn't she?
He did that as often as he could.
She did that as often as she could.
He did just as he was instructed.
She did just as she was instructed.
He did it as quickly as he could.
She did it as quickly as she could.
He denies he did that on purpose.
She denies she did that on purpose.
He denied he had stolen anything.
She denied she had stolen anything.
He definitely meant what he said.
She definitely meant what she said.
He decided that he would do that.
She decided that she would do that.
He cried when he heard the story.
He couldn't do what he wanted to.
She couldn't do what she wanted to.
He couldn't do what he had to do.
She couldn't do what she had to do.
He could have anything he wanted.
She could have anything she wanted.
He could go home if he wanted to.
She could go home if she wanted to.
He could get hurt if he did that.
She could get hurt if she did that.
He could do what he needed to do.
She could do what she needed to do.
He could do that if he wanted to.
She could do that if she wanted to.
He claims that he didn't do that.
She claims that she didn't do that.
He claims he's done that already.
She claims she's done that already.
He claims he's already done that.
She claims she's already done that.
He claims he had second thoughts.
She claims she had second thoughts.
He claimed he'd been brainwashed.
She claimed she'd been brainwashed.
He can sleep here if he wants to.
She can sleep here if she wants to.
He can do that wherever he wants.
She can do that wherever she wants.
He can do that anywhere he wants.
She can do that anywhere she wants.
He can come, too, if he wants to.
She can come, too, if she wants to.
He ate all that he wanted to eat.
She ate all that she wanted to eat.
He asked the stranger who he was.
She asked the stranger who she was.
He asked me where he should park.
She asked me where she should park.
He asked if he needed to do that.
She asked if she needed to do that.
He always shouts when he's angry.
She always shouts when she's angry.
He admitted that he'd lied to me.
She admitted that she'd lied to me.
He admitted that he'd been wrong.
She admitted that she'd been wrong.
He admitted that he wasn't ready.
She admitted that she wasn't ready.
He admitted that he wasn't brave.
She admitted that she wasn't brave.
He admitted that he was troubled.
She admitted that she was troubled.
He admitted that he was homesick.
She admitted that she was homesick.
He admitted that he was homeless.
She admitted that she was homeless.
He admitted that he was famished.
She admitted that she was famished.
He admitted that he was divorced.
She admitted that she was divorced.
He admitted that he was confused.
She admitted that she was confused.
He admitted he wanted to do that.
She admitted she wanted to do that.
He admitted he agreed to do that.
She admitted she agreed to do that.
He acted like he knew everything.
She acted like she knew everything.
He acted as if he didn't know us.
She acted as if she didn't know us.
He would've gone if he could've.
She would've gone if she could've.
He works harder than he used to.
She works harder than she used to.
He won't tell us where he lives.
She won't tell us where she lives.
He won't do that today, will he?
She won't do that today, will she?
He won't do that again, will he?
She won't do that again, will she?
He wishes he were a millionaire.
She wishes she were a millionaire.
He wishes he could speak French.
She wishes she could speak French.
He wished he had more free time.
She wished she had more free time.
He wasn't sure he could do that.
She wasn't sure she could do that.
He was very stubborn, wasn't he?
She was very stubborn, wasn't she?
He was very reckless, wasn't he?
She was very reckless, wasn't she?
He was very friendly, wasn't he?
She was very friendly, wasn't she?
He was unsure what he should do.
She was unsure what she should do.
He was told he needs to do that.
She was told she needs to do that.
He was told he couldn't do that.
She was told she couldn't do that.
He was stunned by what he heard.
She was stunned by what she heard.
He was so busy he skipped lunch.
She was so busy she skipped lunch.
He was reluctant, but he agreed.
She was reluctant, but she agreed.
He was impressed by what he saw.
She was impressed by what she saw.
He was disrespectful, wasn't he?
She was disrespectful, wasn't she?
He was afraid he might be fired.
She was afraid she might be fired.
He wants us to think he's happy.
She wants us to think she's happy.
He wants us to know he did that.
She wants us to know she did that.
He wants to leave, but he can't.
She wants to leave, but she can't.
He wanted to win, but he didn't.
She wanted to win, but she didn't.
He wanted to cry, but he didn't.
She wanted to cry, but she didn't.
He used to win a lot, didn't he?
She used to win a lot, didn't she?
He told us why he'd been absent.
She told us why she'd been absent.
He told me that he's unemployed.
She told me that she's unemployed.
He told me that he's suspicious.
She told me that she's suspicious.
He told me that he's interested.
She told me that she's interested.
He told me that he's frightened.
She told me that she's frightened.
He told me that he'd try to win.
She told me that she'd try to win.
He told me that he'd look at it.
She told me that she'd look at it.
He told me that he'd likely cry.
She told me that she'd likely cry.
He told me that he'd leave soon.
She told me that she'd leave soon.
He told me that he'd come again.
She told me that she'd come again.
He told me that he'd be careful.
She told me that she'd be careful.
He told me that he wouldn't win.
She told me that she wouldn't win.
He told me that he wouldn't cry.
She told me that she wouldn't cry.
He told me that he wasn't upset.
She told me that she wasn't upset.
He told me that he wasn't tired.
She told me that she wasn't tired.
He told me that he wasn't happy.
She told me that she wasn't happy.
He told me that he wasn't bored.
She told me that she wasn't bored.
He told me that he wasn't angry.
She told me that she wasn't angry.
He told me that he wasn't alone.
She told me that she wasn't alone.
He told me that he was worn out.
She told me that she was worn out.
He told me that he was unbiased.
She told me that she was unbiased.
He told me that he was unafraid.
She told me that she was unafraid.
He told me that he was ticklish.
She told me that she was ticklish.
He told me that he was thrilled.
She told me that she was thrilled.
He told me that he was relieved.
She told me that she was relieved.
He told me that he was prepared.
She told me that she was prepared.
He told me that he was positive.
She told me that she was positive.
He told me that he was offended.
She told me that she was offended.
He told me that he was mistaken.
She told me that she was mistaken.
He told me that he was innocent.
She told me that she was innocent.
He told me that he was homesick.
She told me that she was homesick.
He told me that he was homeless.
She told me that she was homeless.
He told me that he was grateful.
She told me that she was grateful.
He told me that he was flexible.
She told me that she was flexible.
He told me that he was finished.
She told me that she was finished.
He told me that he was famished.
She told me that she was famished.
He told me that he was divorced.
She told me that she was divorced.
He told me that he was diabetic.
She told me that she was diabetic.
He told me that he was confused.
She told me that she was confused.
He told me that he was agnostic.
She told me that she was agnostic.
He told me that he was a doctor.
She told me that she was a doctor.
He told me that he was Canadian.
She told me that she was Canadian.
He told me that he wants to win.
She told me that she wants to win.
He told me that he wants to die.
She told me that she wants to die.
He told me that he wanted to go.
She told me that she wanted to go.
He told me that he wanted a dog.
She told me that she wanted a dog.
He told me that he tried to win.
She told me that she tried to win.
He told me that he spoke French.
She told me that she spoke French.
He told me that he needed space.
She told me that she needed space.
He told me that he needed money.
She told me that she needed money.
He told me that he isn't hungry.
She told me that she isn't hungry.
He told me that he had to split.
She told me that she had to split.
He told me that he had to leave.
She told me that she had to leave.
He told me that he had no money.
She told me that she had no money.
He told me that he felt seasick.
She told me that she felt seasick.
He told me that he didn't smoke.
She told me that she didn't smoke.
He told me that he didn't do it.
She told me that she didn't do it.
He told me that he didn't agree.
She told me that she didn't agree.
He told me that he could fix it.
She told me that she could fix it.
He told me that he ate too much.
She told me that she ate too much.
He told me he's never done that.
She told me she's never done that.
He told me he's getting married.
She told me she's getting married.
He told me he would sort it out.
She told me she would sort it out.
He told me he wasn't sleepy yet.
She told me she wasn't sleepy yet.
He told me he wasn't happy here.
She told me she wasn't happy here.
He told me he was uncomfortable.
She told me she was uncomfortable.
He told me he was really hungry.
She told me she was really hungry.
He told me he was going to help.
She told me she was going to help.
He told me he was feeling dizzy.
She told me she was feeling dizzy.
He told me he wanted to do that.
She told me she wanted to do that.
He told me he needed some money.
She told me she needed some money.
He told me he needed more money.
She told me she needed more money.
He told me he might not do that.
She told me she might not do that.
He told me he knew who did that.
She told me she knew who did that.
He told me he enjoyed the party.
She told me she enjoyed the party.
He told me he enjoyed the movie.
She told me she enjoyed the movie.
He told me he enjoyed the drive.
She told me she enjoyed the drive.
He told me he doesn't want that.
She told me she doesn't want that.
He told me he didn't have a car.
She told me she didn't have a car.
He told me he did nothing wrong.
She told me she did nothing wrong.
He told me he can't eat peanuts.
She told me she can't eat peanuts.
He told me he called the police.
She told me she called the police.
He told everyone he was thirsty.
She told everyone she was thirsty.
He told everyone he was starved.
She told everyone she was starved.
He told everyone he was retired.
She told everyone she was retired.
He told everyone he was pleased.
She told everyone she was pleased.
He told everyone he was nervous.
She told everyone she was nervous.
He told everyone he was jealous.
She told everyone she was jealous.
He told everyone he was adopted.
She told everyone she was adopted.
He told everybody he was sleepy.
She told everybody she was sleepy.
He told everybody he was scared.
She told everybody she was scared.
He told everybody he was lonely.
She told everybody she was lonely.
He told everybody he was afraid.
She told everybody she was afraid.
He thought that he heard a shot.
She thought that she heard a shot.
He thought he shouldn't do that.
She thought she shouldn't do that.
He thought he needed to do that.
She thought she needed to do that.
He thought he might be able win.
She thought she might be able win.
He thinks that he's a good cook.
She thinks that she's a good cook.
He thinks that he got a bargain.
She thinks that she got a bargain.
He thinks that he could do that.
She thinks that she could do that.
He thinks he's stronger than me.
She thinks she's stronger than me.
He thinks he's found the answer.
She thinks she's found the answer.
He thinks he's being reasonable.
She thinks she's being reasonable.
He thinks he got a good bargain.
She thinks she got a good bargain.
He thinks he could probably win.
She thinks she could probably win.
He thinks he can save the world.
She thinks she can save the world.
He swore that he'd quit smoking.
She swore that she'd quit smoking.
He still plays golf, doesn't he?
She still plays golf, doesn't she?
He still hasn't said he's sorry.
She still hasn't said she's sorry.
He stayed longer than he needed.
She stayed longer than she needed.
He stayed longer than he had to.
She stayed longer than she had to.
He soon realized he was trapped.
She soon realized she was trapped.
He seems very angry, doesn't he?
She seems very angry, doesn't she?
He seems quite busy, doesn't he?
She seems quite busy, doesn't she?
He seemed very tired, didn't he?
She seemed very tired, didn't she?
He seemed very angry, didn't he?
She seemed very angry, didn't she?
He seemed quite busy, didn't he?
She seemed quite busy, didn't she?
He screamed as loud as he could.
She screamed as loud as she could.
He says that he's ready to help.
She says that she's ready to help.
He says that he likes marigolds.
She says that she likes marigolds.
He says that he does that a lot.
She says that she does that a lot.
He says that he can't sing well.
She says that she can't sing well.
He says he's willing to help us.
She says she's willing to help us.
He says he's too tired to study.
She says she's too tired to study.
He says he's too old to do that.
She says she's too old to do that.
He says he's not planning to go.
She says she's not planning to go.
He says he's never won anything.
She says she's never won anything.
He says he's never seen a panda.
She says she's never seen a panda.
He says he's never milked a cow.
She says she's never milked a cow.
He says he's good at doing that.
She says she's good at doing that.
He says he's feeling very tired.
She says she's feeling very tired.
He says he's feeling better now.
She says she's feeling better now.
He says he's even eaten insects.
She says she's even eaten insects.
He says he's done nothing wrong.
She says she's done nothing wrong.
He says he's been asked to stay.
She says she's been asked to stay.
He says he's been asked to help.
She says she's been asked to help.
He says he'll never leave early.
She says she'll never leave early.
He says he'll never do it again.
She says she'll never do it again.
He says he'll keep working hard.
She says she'll keep working hard.
He says he'll do whatever we do.
She says she'll do whatever we do.
He says he'll do that on Monday.
She says she'll do that on Monday.
He says he'll come to the party.
She says she'll come to the party.
He says he'd rather not do that.
She says she'd rather not do that.
He says he wants to talk to you.
She says she wants to talk to you.
He says he wants to settle down.
She says she wants to settle down.
He says he wants to lose weight.
She says she wants to lose weight.
He says he wants more than that.
She says she wants more than that.
He says he used to teach French.
She says she used to teach French.
He says he used to study French.
She says she used to study French.
He says he thinks it's possible.
She says she thinks it's possible.
He says he saw a UFO last night.
She says she saw a UFO last night.
He says he remembers doing that.
She says she remembers doing that.
He says he really likes it here.
She says she really likes it here.
He says he plays the drums well.
She says she plays the drums well.
He says he often forgets things.
She says she often forgets things.
He says he needs to talk to you.
She says she needs to talk to you.
He says he needs more than that.
She says she needs more than that.
He says he isn't planning to go.
She says she isn't planning to go.
He says he isn't having any fun.
She says she isn't having any fun.
He says he hasn't yet done that.
She says she hasn't yet done that.
He says he hasn't done that yet.
She says she hasn't done that yet.
He says he has plans to do that.
She says she has plans to do that.
He says he has other priorities.
She says she has other priorities.
He says he has a lot of friends.
She says she has a lot of friends.
He says he had a very good time.
She says she had a very good time.
He says he doesn't want a party.
She says she doesn't want a party.
He says he doesn't study French.
She says she doesn't study French.
He says he doesn't speak French.
She says she doesn't speak French.
He says he doesn't ever do that.
She says she doesn't ever do that.
He says he didn't know about it.
She says she didn't know about it.
He says he didn't have a lawyer.
She says she didn't have a lawyer.
He says he did it for the money.
She says she did it for the money.
He says he definitely won't win.
She says she definitely won't win.
He says he can't wait that long.
She says she can't wait that long.
He says he can't go any further.
She says she can't go any further.
He says he can wait a long time.
She says she can wait a long time.
He says he already feels better.
She says she already feels better.
He said what he intended to say.
She said what she intended to say.
He said that he's ready to help.
She said that she's ready to help.
He said that he's quit drinking.
She said that she's quit drinking.
He said that he's been forgiven.
She said that she's been forgiven.
He said that he'll probably win.
She said that she'll probably win.
He said that he'll probably cry.
She said that she'll probably cry.
He said that he'll do that soon.
She said that she'll do that soon.
He said that he'd never seen it.
She said that she'd never seen it.
He said that he'd never do that.
She said that she'd never do that.
He said that he'd do that later.
She said that she'd do that later.
He said that he'd do that again.
She said that she'd do that again.
He said that he'd come tomorrow.
She said that she'd come tomorrow.
He said that he'd call tomorrow.
She said that she'd call tomorrow.
He said that he'd been careless.
She said that she'd been careless.
He said that he'd been betrayed.
She said that she'd been betrayed.
He said that he'd be right over.
She said that she'd be right over.
He said that he'd be right back.
She said that she'd be right back.
He said that he'd be ready soon.
She said that she'd be ready soon.
He said that he would come back.
She said that she would come back.
He said that he won't go ashore.
She said that she won't go ashore.
He said that he wasn't to blame.
She said that she wasn't to blame.
He said that he wasn't ticklish.
She said that she wasn't ticklish.
He said that he wasn't prepared.
She said that she wasn't prepared.
He said that he wasn't offended.
She said that she wasn't offended.
He said that he wasn't homesick.
She said that she wasn't homesick.
He said that he wasn't finished.
She said that she wasn't finished.
He said that he wasn't Canadian.
She said that she wasn't Canadian.
He said that he was very sleepy.
She said that she was very sleepy.
He said that he was very scared.
She said that she was very scared.
He said that he was very lonely.
She said that she was very lonely.
He said that he was very hungry.
She said that she was very hungry.
He said that he was very amused.
She said that she was very amused.
He said that he was unimpressed.
She said that she was unimpressed.
He said that he was unconvinced.
She said that she was unconvinced.
He said that he was unconcerned.
She said that she was unconcerned.
He said that he was sympathetic.
She said that she was sympathetic.
He said that he was really sick.
She said that she was really sick.
He said that he was really rich.
She said that she was really rich.
He said that he was really poor.
She said that she was really poor.
He said that he was really cold.
She said that she was really cold.
He said that he was really busy.
She said that she was really busy.
He said that he was ready to go.
She said that she was ready to go.
He said that he was pessimistic.
She said that she was pessimistic.
He said that he was overwhelmed.
She said that she was overwhelmed.
He said that he was over thirty.
She said that she was over thirty.
He said that he was intoxicated.
She said that she was intoxicated.
He said that he was heartbroken.
She said that she was heartbroken.
He said that he was feeling bad.
She said that she was feeling bad.
He said that he was embarrassed.
She said that she was embarrassed.
He said that he was disoriented.
She said that she was disoriented.
He said that he was discouraged.
She said that she was discouraged.
He said that he was coming back.
She said that she was coming back.
He said that he was comfortable.
She said that she was comfortable.
He said that he was an agnostic.
She said that she was an agnostic.
He said that he was a bit tired.
She said that she was a bit tired.
He said that he wants to retire.
She said that she wants to retire.
He said that he wanted to leave.
She said that she wanted to leave.
He said that he wanted a lawyer.
She said that she wanted a lawyer.
He said that he never said that.
She said that she never said that.
He said that he needed our help.
She said that she needed our help.
He said that he needed a change.
She said that she needed a change.
He said that he may not do that.
She said that she may not do that.
He said that he loved chocolate.
She said that she loved chocolate.
He said that he likes good wine.
She said that she likes good wine.
He said that he liked the party.
She said that she liked the party.
He said that he liked the movie.
She said that she liked the movie.
He said that he knows the rules.
She said that she knows the rules.
He said that he knew who did it.
She said that she knew who did it.
He said that he knew what to do.
She said that she knew what to do.
He said that he knew how to win.
She said that she knew how to win.
He said that he knew how I felt.
She said that she knew how I felt.
He said that he kept doing that.
She said that she kept doing that.
He said that he isn't buying it.
She said that she isn't buying it.
He said that he intended to win.
She said that she intended to win.
He said that he hated this book.
She said that she hated this book.
He said that he had the day off.
She said that she had the day off.
He said that he found something.
She said that she found something.
He said that he felt vulnerable.
She said that she felt vulnerable.
He said that he felt very tired.
She said that she felt very tired.
He said that he felt very happy.
She said that she felt very happy.
He said that he felt threatened.
She said that she felt threatened.
He said that he felt persecuted.
She said that she felt persecuted.
He said that he felt invincible.
She said that she felt invincible.
He said that he felt humiliated.
She said that she felt humiliated.
He said that he felt frustrated.
She said that she felt frustrated.
He said that he doesn't do that.
She said that she doesn't do that.
He said that he didn't know you.
She said that she didn't know you.
He said that he didn't know why.
She said that she didn't know why.
He said that he didn't feel hot.
She said that she didn't feel hot.
He said that he didn't eat meat.
She said that she didn't eat meat.
He said that he did that for us.
She said that she did that for us.
He said that he cried every day.
She said that she cried every day.
He said that he cried all night.
She said that she cried all night.
He said that he couldn't recall.
She said that she couldn't recall.
He said that he could swim well.
She said that she could swim well.
He said that he could handle it.
She said that she could handle it.
He said that he broke the glass.
She said that she broke the glass.
He said he's willing to do this.
She said she's willing to do this.
He said he's willing to do that.
She said she's willing to do that.
He said he's through doing that.
She said she's through doing that.
He said he's tempted to do that.
She said she's tempted to do that.
He said he's ready for the test.
She said she's ready for the test.
He said he's only tried it once.
She said she's only tried it once.
He said he's not ready to leave.
She said she's not ready to leave.
He said he's not planning to go.
She said she's not planning to go.
He said he's not going anywhere.
She said she's not going anywhere.
He said he's had enough of that.
She said she's had enough of that.
He said he's glad you're coming.
She said she's glad you're coming.
He said he's feeling better now.
She said she's feeling better now.
He said he's fascinated by that.
She said she's fascinated by that.
He said he's done nothing wrong.
She said she's done nothing wrong.
He said he's been robbed before.
She said she's been robbed before.
He said he's been feeling tired.
She said she's been feeling tired.
He said he'll never leave early.
She said she'll never leave early.
He said he'd stopped doing that.
She said she'd stopped doing that.
He said he'd rather not go home.
She said she'd rather not go home.
He said he'd rather not eat now.
She said she'd rather not eat now.
He said he'd rather not do that.
She said she'd rather not do that.
He said he'd pay for the dinner.
She said she'd pay for the dinner.
He said he'd pay for everything.
She said she'd pay for everything.
He said he'd never teach French.
She said she'd never teach French.
He said he'd never study French.
She said she'd never study French.
He said he'd never see me again.
She said she'd never see me again.
He said he'd never hurt anybody.
She said she'd never hurt anybody.
He said he'd never ever do that.
She said she'd never ever do that.
He said he'd love to go with us.
She said she'd love to go with us.
He said he'd likely not do that.
She said she'd likely not do that.
He said he'd like to go with us.
She said she'd like to go with us.
He said he'd lend me some money.
She said she'd lend me some money.
He said he'd have to reschedule.
She said she'd have to reschedule.
He said he'd definitely do that.
She said she'd definitely do that.
He said he'd clean up this mess.
She said she'd clean up this mess.
He said he'd call me right back.
She said she'd call me right back.
He said he'd be willing help us.
She said she'd be willing help us.
He said he'd be willing do that.
She said she'd be willing do that.
He said he'd be home for dinner.
She said she'd be home for dinner.
He said he'd be glad to do that.
She said she'd be glad to do that.
He said he'd be doing that soon.
She said she'd be doing that soon.
He said he'd be back right away.
She said she'd be back right away.
He said he'd be at school today.
She said she'd be at school today.
He said he'd be able to help us.
She said she'd be able to help us.
He said he'd be able to do that.
She said she'd be able to do that.
He said he wouldn't wait for us.
She said she wouldn't wait for us.
He said he wouldn't do it again.
She said she wouldn't do it again.
He said he would do that for us.
She said she would do that for us.
He said he would do that for me.
She said she would do that for me.
He said he went there for a job.
She said she went there for a job.
He said he wasn't ready to talk.
She said she wasn't ready to talk.
He said he wasn't offered a job.
She said she wasn't offered a job.
He said he wasn't likely to win.
She said she wasn't likely to win.
He said he wasn't likely to cry.
She said she wasn't likely to cry.
He said he wasn't angry anymore.
She said she wasn't angry anymore.
He said he was worried about me.
She said she was worried about me.
He said he was unlikely do that.
She said she was unlikely do that.
He said he was too busy to help.
She said she was too busy to help.
He said he was told not do that.
She said she was told not do that.
He said he was tired of waiting.
She said she was tired of waiting.
He said he was ready to do that.
She said she was ready to do that.
He said he was much happier now.
She said she was much happier now.
He said he was looking for help.
She said she was looking for help.
He said he was in love with you.
She said she was in love with you.
He said he was hoping you'd win.
She said she was hoping you'd win.
He said he was having a bad day.
She said she was having a bad day.
He said he was happy to see you.
She said she was happy to see you.
He said he was happy to do that.
She said she was happy to do that.
He said he was going to do that.
She said she was going to do that.
He said he was going to be late.
She said she was going to be late.
He said he was going to be here.
She said she was going to be here.
He said he was eager to do that.
She said she was eager to do that.
He said he was done for the day.
She said she was done for the day.
He said he was asked to do that.
She said she was asked to do that.
He said he was afraid of snakes.
She said she was afraid of snakes.
He said he was a little nervous.
She said she was a little nervous.
He said he wants to talk to you.
She said she wants to talk to you.
He said he wants to change that.
She said she wants to change that.
He said he wants to buy a yacht.
She said she wants to buy a yacht.
He said he wants to be a lawyer.
She said she wants to be a lawyer.
He said he wanted us to do that.
She said she wanted us to do that.
He said he wanted to try to win.
She said she wanted to try to win.
He said he wanted to talk to me.
She said she wanted to talk to me.
He said he wanted to take a nap.
She said she wanted to take a nap.
He said he wanted to go sailing.
She said she wanted to go sailing.
He said he thought we could win.
She said she thought we could win.
He said he thought I'm charming.
She said she thought I'm charming.
He said he thought I looked sad.
She said she thought I looked sad.
He said he thought I looked fit.
She said she thought I looked fit.
He said he thinks you're stupid.
She said she thinks you're stupid.
He said he should've left early.
She said she should've left early.
He said he saw a lion yesterday.
She said she saw a lion yesterday.
He said he saw a UFO last night.
She said she saw a UFO last night.
He said he remembers doing that.
She said she remembers doing that.
He said he regretted doing that.
She said she regretted doing that.
He said he plans to be a doctor.
She said she plans to be a doctor.
He said he planned to go Monday.
She said she planned to go Monday.
He said he paid $in advance.
She said she paid $in advance.
He said he noticed a difference.
She said she noticed a difference.
He said he needs to go shopping.
She said she needs to go shopping.
He said he needed to take a nap.
She said she needed to take a nap.
He said he may possibly do that.
She said she may possibly do that.
He said he may agree to do that.
She said she may agree to do that.
He said he likes to help others.
She said she likes to help others.
He said he liked the new carpet.
She said she liked the new carpet.
He said he knew how to win.
She said she knew how to win.
He said he knew how I felt.
She said she knew how I felt.
He said he isn't ready to leave.
She said she isn't ready to leave.
He said he isn't planning to go.
She said she isn't planning to go.
He said he isn't having any fun.
She said she isn't having any fun.
He said he isn't going anywhere.
She said she isn't going anywhere.
He said he hopes it'll happen soon.
She said she hopes it'll happen soon.
He said he hopes you'll do that.
She said she hopes you'll do that.
He said he hopes to change that.
She said she hopes to change that.
He said he heard a lot of shots.
She said she heard a lot of shots.
He said he hasn't yet done that.
She said she hasn't yet done that.
He said he hasn't done that yet.
She said she hasn't done that yet.
He said he had to go home early.
She said she had to go home early.
He said he had no other details.
She said she had no other details.
He said he had a wonderful time.
She said she had a wonderful time.
He said he felt very humiliated.
She said she felt very humiliated.
He said he felt like doing that.
She said she felt like doing that.
He said he felt like an outcast.
She said she felt like an outcast.
He said he felt good about that.
She said she felt good about that.
He said he felt a little stupid.
She said she felt a little stupid.
He said he felt a little guilty.
She said she felt a little guilty.
He said he doesn't hunt anymore.
She said she doesn't hunt anymore.
He said he didn't want you here.
She said she didn't want you here.
He said he didn't want to sleep.
She said she didn't want to sleep.
He said he didn't want to leave.
She said she didn't want to leave.
He said he didn't want to fight.
She said she didn't want to fight.
He said he didn't want to dance.
She said she didn't want to dance.
He said he didn't want to argue.
She said she didn't want to argue.
He said he didn't want me to go.
She said she didn't want me to go.
He said he didn't want anything.
She said she didn't want anything.
He said he didn't smoke anymore.
She said she didn't smoke anymore.
He said he didn't remember much.
She said she didn't remember much.
He said he didn't play baseball.
She said she didn't play baseball.
He said he didn't need to hurry.
She said she didn't need to hurry.
He said he didn't need our help.
She said she didn't need our help.
He said he didn't need anything.
She said she didn't need anything.
He said he didn't need a lawyer.
She said she didn't need a lawyer.
He said he didn't like baseball.
She said she didn't like baseball.
He said he didn't have a lawyer.
She said she didn't have a lawyer.
He said he didn't have a choice.
She said she didn't have a choice.
He said he didn't find it funny.
She said she didn't find it funny.
He said he didn't feel anything.
She said she didn't feel anything.
He said he did that three times.
She said she did that three times.
He said he did it the wrong way.
She said she did it the wrong way.
He said he couldn't do anything.
She said she couldn't do anything.
He said he can't sing very well.
She said she can't sing very well.
He said he appreciated the help.
She said she appreciated the help.
He said he always carried a gun.
She said she always carried a gun.
He repeated what he'd just said.
She repeated what she'd just said.
He really scared you, didn't he?
She really scared you, didn't she?
He really knows what he's doing.
She really knows what she's doing.
He realizes he's made a mistake.
She realizes she's made a mistake.
He realized that he was trapped.
She realized that she was trapped.
He realized he'd made a mistake.
She realized she'd made a mistake.
He realized he was going to die.
She realized she was going to die.
He realized he ought to do that.
She realized she ought to do that.
He ran home as fast as he could.
She ran home as fast as she could.
He promised you that, didn't he?
She promised you that, didn't she?
He promised he'd do that for us.
She promised she'd do that for us.
He promised he'd do that for me.
She promised she'd do that for me.
He promised he wouldn't do that.
She promised she wouldn't do that.
He promised he wouldn't be late.
She promised she wouldn't be late.
He plans to retire when he's 65.
She plans to retire when she's 65.
He often swears when he's angry.
She often swears when she's angry.
He never told me where he lived.
She never told me where she lived.
He never told me what he wanted.
She never told me what she wanted.
He never told me he was married.
She never told me she was married.
He never told me he was engaged.
He never told me he had a horse.
She never told me she had a horse.
He never stands up to her father.
He never said he wasn't married.
She never said she wasn't married.
He never admits that he's wrong.
She never admits that she's wrong.
He moved as quickly as he could.
She moved as quickly as she could.
He may talk to whoever he wants.
She may talk to whoever she wants.
He may speak French if he wants.
She may speak French if she wants.
He may speak French if he likes.
She may speak French if she likes.
He may have everything he wants.
She may have everything she wants.
He may get hurt if he does that.
She may get hurt if she does that.
He may eat wherever he wants to.
She may eat wherever she wants to.
He may eat whenever he wants to.
She may eat whenever she wants to.
He may eat whatever he wants to.
She may eat whatever she wants to.
He may do that however he likes.
She may do that however she likes.
He may do that any way he likes.
She may do that any way she likes.
He lost my respect when he quit.
She lost my respect when she quit.
He looks like he's seen a ghost.
She looks like she's seen a ghost.
He looks like he's ready to cry.
She looks like she's ready to cry.
He looks like he's going to cry.
She looks like she's going to cry.
He looks like he's discontented.
She looks like she's discontented.
He looks like he's disappointed.
She looks like she's disappointed.
He looks like he's about to cry.
She looks like she's about to cry.
He looks like he wants to leave.
She looks like she wants to leave.
He looks like he has a headache.
She looks like she has a headache.
He looked like he'd been crying.
She looked like she'd been crying.
He looked like he was uncertain.
She looked like she was uncertain.
He looked like he was terrified.
She looked like she was terrified.
He looked like he was surprised.
She looked like she was surprised.
He looked like he was skeptical.
She looked like she was skeptical.
He looked like he was satisfied.
She looked like she was satisfied.
He looked like he was reluctant.
She looked like she was reluctant.
He looked like he was plastered.
She looked like she was plastered.
He looked like he was motivated.
She looked like she was motivated.
He looked like he was miserable.
She looked like she was miserable.
He looked like he was irritated.
She looked like she was irritated.
He looked like he was impressed.
She looked like she was impressed.
He looked like he was impatient.
She looked like she was impatient.
He looked like he was horrified.
She looked like she was horrified.
He looked like he was exhausted.
She looked like she was exhausted.
He looked like he was disgusted.
She looked like she was disgusted.
He looked like he was desperate.
She looked like she was desperate.
He looked like he was depressed.
She looked like she was depressed.
He looked like he was delighted.
She looked like she was delighted.
He looked like he was contented.
She looked like she was contented.
He looked like he was confident.
She looked like she was confident.
He looked like he was concerned.
She looked like she was concerned.
He looked like he was attentive.
She looked like she was attentive.
He let us know he would do that.
She let us know she would do that.
He let us know he needs do that.
She let us know she needs do that.
He let us know he could do that.
She let us know she could do that.
He let me know he would do that.
She let me know she would do that.
He let me know he needs do that.
She let me know she needs do that.
He let me know he could do that.
She let me know she could do that.
He lacks experience, doesn't he?
He knows what to do, doesn't he?
She knows what to do, doesn't she?
He knows what he's getting into.
She knows what she's getting into.
He knows that he's been lied to.
She knows that she's been lied to.
He knows that he'll be punished.
She knows that she'll be punished.
He knows that he should do that.
She knows that she should do that.
He knows that he made a mistake.
She knows that she made a mistake.
He knows that he has to do that.
She knows that she has to do that.
He knows he's really screwed up.
She knows she's really screwed up.
He knows he's going to be fired.
She knows she's going to be fired.
He knows he's a terrible dancer.
She knows she's a terrible dancer.
He knows he should study French.
She knows she should study French.
He knows he should do that soon.
She knows she should do that soon.
He knows he has to study French.
She knows she has to study French.
He knows he has to speak French.
She knows she has to speak French.
He knows he has to keep working.
She knows she has to keep working.
He knows he has to do that soon.
She knows she has to do that soon.
He knows he has to do something.
She knows she has to do something.
He knows about this, doesn't he?
She knows about this, doesn't she?
He knew what he was looking for.
She knew what she was looking for.
He knew what he was going to do.
She knew what she was going to do.
He knew he wouldn't be replaced.
She knew she wouldn't be replaced.
He knew he wouldn't be punished.
She knew she wouldn't be punished.
He knew he wouldn't be expelled.
She knew she wouldn't be expelled.
He knew he wouldn't be arrested.
She knew she wouldn't be arrested.
He knew he was no longer needed.
She knew she was no longer needed.
He knew he needed to leave town.
She knew she needed to leave town.
He knew he had no time to spare.
She knew she had no time to spare.
He knew he couldn't be replaced.
She knew she couldn't be replaced.
He isn't very diplomatic, is he?
She isn't very diplomatic, is she?
He isn't very courageous, is he?
She isn't very courageous, is she?
He isn't sure what he should do.
She isn't sure what she should do.
He isn't sure what he did wrong.
She isn't sure what she did wrong.
He isn't sure he should do that.
She isn't sure she should do that.
He isn't sure he has to do that.
She isn't sure she has to do that.
He isn't sure how much he drank.
She isn't sure how much she drank.
He isn't supposed to eat, is he?
She isn't supposed to eat, is she?
He isn't so conservative, is he?
She isn't so conservative, is she?
He isn't really that old, is he?
She isn't really that old, is she?
He isn't like the others, is he?
She isn't like the others, is she?
He isn't happy with this, is he?
She isn't happy with this, is she?
He isn't being very nice, is he?
She isn't being very nice, is she?
He isn't ashamed of what he did.
She isn't ashamed of what she did.
He isn't as fast as he once was.
She isn't as fast as she once was.
He is with her mother, isn't he?
She is with her mother, isn't she?
He is now taller than his mother.
She is now taller than her mother.
He is as talkative as her father.
She is as talkative as her father.
He is a musician like his father.
She is a musician like her father.
He insisted that he acted alone.
She insisted that she acted alone.
He insisted he wouldn't do that.
She insisted she wouldn't do that.
He hasn't said what he might do.
She hasn't said what she might do.
He hasn't done that yet, has he?
She hasn't done that yet, has she?
He hasn't come home yet, has he?
She hasn't come home yet, has she?
He has vowed that he'll do that.
She has vowed that she'll do that.
He has told me he won't do that.
She has told me she won't do that.
He has told me he can't do that.
She has told me she can't do that.
He has something he needs to do.
She has something she needs to do.
He has some things he has to do.
She has some things she has to do.
He has said he wants to do that.
She has said she wants to do that.
He has said he needs to do that.
She has said she needs to do that.
He has more money than he needs.
She has more money than she needs.
He has everything that he wants.
She has everything that she wants.
He has everything that he needs.
She has everything that she needs.
He has assured me he'll do that.
She has assured me she'll do that.
He has a good voice, doesn't he?
She has a good voice, doesn't she?
He got exactly what he deserved.
She got exactly what she deserved.
He gets to do whatever he wants.
She gets to do whatever she wants.
He gave it to me before he died.
She gave it to me before she died.
He forged her mother's signature.
He forged her father's signature.
He felt that he was getting old.
She felt that she was getting old.
He felt he had to say something.
She felt she had to say something.
He felt he didn't have a choice.
She felt she didn't have a choice.
He felt like he'd been betrayed.
She felt like she'd been betrayed.
He eats hotdogs whenever he can.
She eats hotdogs whenever she can.
He dreamed that he was dreaming.
She dreamed that she was dreaming.
He doesn't think he can do that.
She doesn't think she can do that.
He doesn't really know, does he?
She doesn't really know, does she?
He doesn't really care, does he?
She doesn't really care, does she?
He doesn't look like he's tired.
She doesn't look like she's tired.
He doesn't look like he's happy.
She doesn't look like she's happy.
He doesn't like apples, does he?
She doesn't like apples, does she?
He doesn't know what he's doing.
She doesn't know what she's doing.
He doesn't know how lucky he is.
She doesn't know how lucky she is.
He doesn't have a clue, does he?
She doesn't have a clue, does she?
He does whatever he wants to do.
She does whatever she wants to do.
He does that as often as he can.
She does that as often as she can.
He does look lonely, doesn't he?
She does look lonely, doesn't she?
He didn't think he had a choice.
He is very afraid of his father.
He is trying to find his father.
He is now as tall as his mother.
He is living with his uncle now.
He is an artist like his father.
He doesn't look like his mother.
He looks a lot like his mother.
He is a doctor like his father.
He is terrified of his father.
He is staying with his mother.
He is taller than his mother.
He is staying at his uncle's.
He is a lot like his father.
He is scared of his father.
He is calling his mother.
She didn't think she had a choice.
He didn't tell me where he went.
She didn't tell me where she went.
He didn't pass the exam, did he?
She didn't pass the exam, did she?
He didn't much like what he saw.
She didn't much like what she saw.
He didn't look like he was busy.
She didn't look like she was busy.
He didn't know how lucky he was.
She didn't know how lucky she was.
He didn't even say he was sorry.
She didn't even say she was sorry.
He didn't eat breakfast, did he?
She didn't eat breakfast, did she?
He didn't do that again, did he?
She didn't do that again, did she?
He didn't deny that he did that.
She didn't deny that she did that.
He didn't care if he won or not.
She didn't care if she won or not.
He didn't believe what he heard.
She didn't believe what she heard.
He did whatever he wanted to do.
She did whatever she wanted to do.
He did that the way he was told.
She did that the way she was told.
He did that as soon as he could.
She did that as soon as she could.
He did that as fast as he could.
She did that as fast as she could.
He denied he'd stolen the money.
She denied she'd stolen the money.
He cried when he heard the news.
He couldn't believe what he saw.
She couldn't believe what she saw.
He could retire if he wanted to.
She could retire if she wanted to.
He could read when he was three.
She could read when she was three.
He could go home if he wants to.
She could go home if she wants to.
He confessed that he was afraid.
She confessed that she was afraid.
He comes and goes as he pleases.
She comes and goes as she pleases.
He claims he has psychic powers.
She claims she has psychic powers.
He claims he can see the future.
She claims she can see the future.
He claimed that he was innocent.
She claimed that she was innocent.
He claimed that he didn't do it.
She claimed that she didn't do it.
He claimed he's never done that.
She claimed she's never done that.
He certainly thinks he's clever.
She certainly thinks she's clever.
He can't swim very well, can he?
She can't swim very well, can she?
He can't come because he's sick.
He can take a break if he wants.
She can take a break if she wants.
He can stay with us if he likes.
She can stay with us if she likes.
He can stay with me if he wants.
She can stay with me if she wants.
He can stay as long as he likes.
She can stay as long as she likes.
He can say what he wants to say.
She can say what she wants to say.
He can rest as long as he wants.
She can rest as long as she wants.
He can have everything he wants.
She can have everything she wants.
He can do that however he likes.
She can do that however she likes.
He can do that any way he likes.
She can do that any way she likes.
He bragged about what he'd done.
She bragged about what she'd done.
He bought what he needed to buy.
She bought what she needed to buy.
He believes that he can do that.
She believes that she can do that.
He behaved as if he were insane.
She behaved as if she were insane.
He asked me if he could do that.
She asked me if she could do that.
He always yells when he's angry.
She always yells when she's angry.
He always said he could do that.
She always said she could do that.
He always complains, doesn't he?
She always complains, doesn't she?
He already knew that, didn't he?
She already knew that, didn't she?
He admitted that he's done that.
She admitted that she's done that.
He admitted that he'd been rude.
She admitted that she'd been rude.
He admitted that he wasn't sure.
She admitted that she wasn't sure.
He admitted that he wasn't rich.
She admitted that she wasn't rich.
He admitted that he was worried.
She admitted that she was worried.
He admitted that he was starved.
She admitted that she was starved.
He admitted that he was selfish.
She admitted that she was selfish.
He admitted that he was nervous.
She admitted that she was nervous.
He admitted that he was married.
She admitted that she was married.
He admitted that he was jealous.
She admitted that she was jealous.
He admitted that he was curious.
She admitted that she was curious.
He admitted that he was baffled.
She admitted that she was baffled.
He admitted that he was a thief.
She admitted that she was a thief.
He admitted he'd made a mistake.
She admitted she'd made a mistake.
He admitted he'd been dishonest.
She admitted she'd been dishonest.
He admitted he wasn't impartial.
She admitted she wasn't impartial.
He admitted he was undependable.
She admitted she was undependable.
He admitted he was disorganized.
She admitted she was disorganized.
He admitted he was disappointed.
She admitted she was disappointed.
He admitted he hadn't been fair.
She admitted she hadn't been fair.
He admitted he forged the check.
She admitted she forged the check.
He admitted he broke the window.
She admitted she broke the window.
He acted as if he heard nothing.
She acted as if she heard nothing.
He wouldn't eat that, would he?
She wouldn't eat that, would she?
He wondered what he should say.
She wondered what she should say.
He won't tell us what he knows.
She won't tell us what she knows.
He won't tell anybody, will he?
She won't tell anybody, will she?
He won't do that here, will he?
She won't do that here, will she?
He won't admit that he's wrong.
She won't admit that she's wrong.
He wished he were still single.
She wished she were still single.
He wasn't still asleep, was he?
She wasn't still asleep, was she?
He wasn't here earlier, was he?
She wasn't here earlier, was she?
He was your teacher, wasn't he?
She was your teacher, wasn't she?
He was very unhappy, wasn't he?
She was very unhappy, wasn't she?
He was very patient, wasn't he?
She was very patient, wasn't she?
He was sick, so he didn't come.
She was sick, so she didn't come.
He was hoping he could do that.
She was hoping she could do that.
He was here earlier, wasn't he?
She was here earlier, wasn't she?
He was glad he got there early.
She was glad she got there early.
He was disappointed, wasn't he?
She was disappointed, wasn't she?
He was at the party, wasn't he?
She was at the party, wasn't she?
He was asleep when he was shot.
She was asleep when she was shot.
He wanted to go, but he didn't.
She wanted to go, but she didn't.
He told us that he'd cooperate.
She told us that she'd cooperate.
He told us he wouldn't do that.
She told us she wouldn't do that.
He told us he couldn't do that.
She told us she couldn't do that.
He told the judge he was sorry.
She told the judge she was sorry.
He told me why he couldn't win.
She told me why she couldn't win.
He told me to tell you he's OK.
She told me to tell you she's OK.
He told me that he's terrified.
She told me that she's terrified.
He told me that he's skeptical.
She told me that she's skeptical.
He told me that he's irritated.
She told me that she's irritated.
He told me that he's exhausted.
She told me that she's exhausted.
He told me that he's depressed.
She told me that she's depressed.
He told me that he'd walk home.
She told me that she'd walk home.
He told me that he'd try again.
She told me that she'd try again.
He told me that he'd stay home.
She told me that she'd stay home.
He told me that he'd done that.
She told me that she'd done that.
He told me that he'd been sick.
She told me that she'd been sick.
He told me that he'd been busy.
She told me that she'd been busy.
He told me that he'd be absent.
She told me that she'd be absent.
He told me that he wasn't sure.
She told me that she wasn't sure.
He told me that he wasn't sick.
She told me that she wasn't sick.
He told me that he wasn't busy.
She told me that she wasn't busy.
He told me that he was wounded.
She told me that she was wounded.
He told me that he was worried.
She told me that she was worried.
He told me that he was working.
She told me that she was working.
He told me that he was wealthy.
She told me that she was wealthy.
He told me that he was unlucky.
She told me that she was unlucky.
He told me that he was unhappy.
She told me that she was unhappy.
He told me that he was through.
She told me that she was through.
He told me that he was thirsty.
She told me that she was thirsty.
He told me that he was stuffed.
She told me that she was stuffed.
He told me that he was starved.
She told me that she was starved.
He told me that he was serious.
She told me that she was serious.
He told me that he was retired.
She told me that she was retired.
He told me that he was puzzled.
She told me that she was puzzled.
He told me that he was psyched.
She told me that she was psyched.
He told me that he was pleased.
She told me that she was pleased.
He told me that he was nervous.
She told me that she was nervous.
He told me that he was married.
She told me that she was married.
He told me that he was jealous.
She told me that she was jealous.
He told me that he was healthy.
She told me that she was healthy.
He told me that he was furious.
She told me that she was furious.
He told me that he was excited.
She told me that she was excited.
He told me that he was curious.
She told me that she was curious.
He told me that he was certain.
She told me that she was certain.
He told me that he was at home.
She told me that she was at home.
He told me that he was annoyed.
She told me that she was annoyed.
He told me that he was adopted.
She told me that she was adopted.
He told me that he walked home.
She told me that she walked home.
He told me that he plans to go.
She told me that she plans to go.
He told me that he may do that.
She told me that she may do that.
He told me that he liked pizza.
She told me that she liked pizza.
He told me that he had a knife.
She told me that she had a knife.
He told me that he felt hungry.
She told me that she felt hungry.
He told me that he felt better.
She told me that she felt better.
He told me that he didn't know.
She told me that she didn't know.
He told me that he could do it.
She told me that she could do it.
He told me he's just done that.
She told me she's just done that.
He told me he's doing that now.
She told me she's doing that now.
He told me he'll join us later.
She told me she'll join us later.
He told me he'd try to do that.
She told me she'd try to do that.
He told me he'd try doing that.
She told me she'd try doing that.
He told me he'd rather go home.
She told me she'd rather go home.
He told me he'd never leave me.
She told me she'd never leave me.
He told me he'd likely do that.
She told me she'd likely do that.
He told me he'd do that for us.
She told me she'd do that for us.
He told me he'd do it tomorrow.
She told me she'd do it tomorrow.
He told me he'd call you later.
She told me she'd call you later.
He told me he'd been suspended.
She told me she'd been suspended.
He told me he'd be cooperative.
She told me she'd be cooperative.
He told me he'd be coming back.
She told me she'd be coming back.
He told me he wouldn't do that.
She told me she wouldn't do that.
He told me he would leave soon.
She told me she would leave soon.
He told me he would come again.
She told me she would come again.
He told me he wasn't surprised.
She told me she wasn't surprised.
He told me he wasn't impressed.
She told me she wasn't impressed.
He told me he wasn't convinced.
She told me she wasn't convinced.
He told me he wasn't an expert.
She told me she wasn't an expert.
He told me he was still afraid.
She told me she was still afraid.
He told me he was going to win.
She told me she was going to win.
He told me he was glad to help.
She told me she was glad to help.
He told me he was feeling fine.
She told me she was feeling fine.
He told me he was disorganized.
She told me she was disorganized.
He told me he was discontented.
She told me she was discontented.
He told me he was disappointed.
She told me she was disappointed.
He told me he was conservative.
She told me she was conservative.
He told me he was appreciative.
She told me she was appreciative.
He told me he was ambidextrous.
She told me she was ambidextrous.
He told me he was all worn out.
She told me she was all worn out.
He told me he wants to do that.
She told me she wants to do that.
He told me he wanted me to win.
She told me she wanted me to win.
He told me he tried to do that.
She told me she tried to do that.
He told me he plans to do that.
She told me she plans to do that.
He told me he ought to do that.
She told me she ought to do that.
He told me he needs to do that.
She told me she needs to do that.
He told me he needed some cash.
She told me she needed some cash.
He told me he needed more time.
She told me she needed more time.
He told me he likes to do that.
She told me she likes to do that.
He told me he likes doing that.
She told me she likes doing that.
He told me he liked to do that.
She told me she liked to do that.
He told me he liked doing that.
She told me she liked doing that.
He told me he isn't sleepy yet.
She told me she isn't sleepy yet.
He told me he hated doing that.
She told me she hated doing that.
He told me he had to work late.
She told me she had to work late.
He told me he had to walk home.
She told me she had to walk home.
He told me he had to stay home.
She told me she had to stay home.
He told me he had a job for me.
She told me she had a job for me.
He told me he forgot something.
She told me she forgot something.
He told me he enjoyed the view.
She told me she enjoyed the view.
He told me he enjoyed the show.
She told me she enjoyed the show.
He told me he doesn't eat pork.
She told me she doesn't eat pork.
He told me he doesn't eat meat.
She told me she doesn't eat meat.
He told me he didn't like dogs.
She told me she didn't like dogs.
He told me he didn't like cats.
She told me she didn't like cats.
He told me he didn't like beer.
She told me she didn't like beer.
He told me he didn't feel well.
She told me she didn't feel well.
He told me he didn't feel safe.
She told me she didn't feel safe.
He told me he didn't feel cold.
She told me she didn't feel cold.
He told me he did that in 2013.
She told me she did that in 2013.
He told me he did that for you.
She told me she did that for you.
He told me he did that already.
She told me she did that already.
He told me he couldn't help me.
She told me she couldn't help me.
He told me he couldn't do that.
She told me she couldn't do that.
He told me he couldn't breathe.
She told me she couldn't breathe.
He told me he ate way too much.
She told me she ate way too much.
He told me he appreciated that.
She told me she appreciated that.
He told everyone he was sleepy.
She told everyone she was sleepy.
He told everyone he was scared.
She told everyone she was scared.
He told everyone he was lonely.
She told everyone she was lonely.
He told everyone he was afraid.
She told everyone she was afraid.
He told everybody he was upset.
She told everybody she was upset.
He told everybody he was tired.
She told everybody she was tired.
He told everybody he was ready.
She told everybody she was ready.
He told everybody he was broke.
She told everybody she was broke.
He told everybody he was bored.
She told everybody she was bored.
He thought that he was a goner.
She thought that she was a goner.
He thought he'd be able to win.
She thought she'd be able to win.
He thought he was going to win.
She thought she was going to win.
He thought he was going to die.
She thought she was going to die.
He thought he must be mistaken.
She thought she must be mistaken.
He thinks that he's invincible.
She thinks that she's invincible.
He thinks that he's infallible.
She thinks that she's infallible.
He thinks that he's a big shot.
She thinks that she's a big shot.
He thinks that he knows it all.
She thinks that she knows it all.
He thinks that he can prove it.
She thinks that she can prove it.
He thinks he's smarter than me.
She thinks she's smarter than me.
He thinks he understands women.
She thinks she understands women.
He thinks he shouldn't do that.
She thinks she shouldn't do that.
He thinks he can do that again.
She thinks she can do that again.
He still does that, doesn't he?
She still does that, doesn't she?
He slammed the door as he left.
She slammed the door as she left.
He showed me where he found it.
She showed me where she found it.
He shouted as loud as he could.
She shouted as loud as she could.
He seems to know what he wants.
She seems to know what she wants.
He says that's where he put it.
She says that's where she put it.
He says that he's still hungry.
She says that she's still hungry.
He says that he'll wait for us.
She says that she'll wait for us.
He says that he teaches French.
She says that she teaches French.
He says that he studies French.
She says that she studies French.
He says that he studied French.
She says that she studied French.
He says that he plans on going.
She says that she plans on going.
He says that he intends to win.
She says that she intends to win.
He says that he hates to study.
She says that she hates to study.
He says that he has to do that.
She says that she has to do that.
He says that he didn't do that.
She says that she didn't do that.
He says that he can see ghosts.
She says that she can see ghosts.
He says he's working very hard.
She says she's working very hard.
He says he's planning on going.
She says she's planning on going.
He says he's not busy tomorrow.
She says she's not busy tomorrow.
He says he's never owned a car.
She says she's never owned a car.
He says he's never eaten sushi.
She says she's never eaten sushi.
He says he's never coming back.
She says she's never coming back.
He says he's hoping to do that.
She says she's hoping to do that.
He says he's getting a divorce.
She says she's getting a divorce.
He says he's done that already.
She says she's done that already.
He says he's already done that.
She says she's already done that.
He says he's afraid to do that.
She says she's afraid to do that.
He says he's a friend of yours.
She says she's a friend of yours.
He says he'll only talk to you.
She says she'll only talk to you.
He says he'll do that tomorrow.
She says she'll do that tomorrow.
He says he'll buy that for you.
She says she'll buy that for you.
He says he'll be here tomorrow.
She says she'll be here tomorrow.
He says he'll be busy tomorrow.
She says she'll be busy tomorrow.
He says he'll agree to do that.
She says she'll agree to do that.
He says he'd never leave early.
She says she'd never leave early.
He says he won't need our help.
She says she won't need our help.
He says he won't help us today.
She says she won't help us today.
He says he won't do that today.
She says she won't do that today.
He says he won't do that again.
She says she won't do that again.
He says he won't do it anymore.
She says she won't do it anymore.
He says he plans on doing that.
She says she plans on doing that.
He says he never taught French.
She says she never taught French.
He says he likes horror movies.
She says she likes horror movies.
He says he intended to do that.
She says she intended to do that.
He says he has to work tonight.
She says she has to work tonight.
He says he has to study French.
She says she has to study French.
He says he has to speak French.
She says she has to speak French.
He says he has to do that, too.
She says she has to do that, too.
He says he has nothing to hide.
She says she has nothing to hide.
He says he has no other choice.
She says she has no other choice.
He says he has a secret weapon.
She says she has a secret weapon.
He says he had to study French.
She says she had to study French.
He says he had to speak French.
She says she had to speak French.
He says he had a great weekend.
She says she had a great weekend.
He says he finished doing that.
She says she finished doing that.
He says he doesn't care at all.
She says she doesn't care at all.
He says he didn't study French.
She says she didn't study French.
He says he didn't see anything.
She says she didn't see anything.
He says he did nothing illegal.
He says he can't trust anybody.
She says she can't trust anybody.
He says he can't hear anything.
She says she can't hear anything.
He says he can do that for you.
She says she can do that for you.
He says he can do that already.
She says she can do that already.
He says he can already do that.
She says she can already do that.
He says he also has to do that.
She says she also has to do that.
He said that's not what he did.
She said that's not what she did.
He said that he's still afraid.
She said that she's still afraid.
He said that he's not doing it.
She said that she's not doing it.
He said that he's going to win.
She said that she's going to win.
He said that he's glad you won.
She said that she's glad you won.
He said that he's glad to help.
She said that she's glad to help.
He said that he's feeling fine.
She said that she's feeling fine.
He said that he'd wait and see.
She said that she'd wait and see.
He said that he'd probably win.
She said that she'd probably win.
He said that he'd pay the bill.
She said that she'd pay the bill.
He said that he'd love to help.
She said that she'd love to help.
He said that he'd look into it.
She said that she'd look into it.
He said that he'd like to help.
She said that she'd like to help.
He said that he'd go to church.
She said that she'd go to church.
He said that he'd do that, too.
She said that she'd do that, too.
He said that he'd do that soon.
She said that she'd do that soon.
He said that he'd call me back.
She said that she'd call me back.
He said that he'd been foolish.
She said that she'd been foolish.
He said that he'd been careful.
She said that she'd been careful.
He said that he'd be back soon.
She said that she'd be back soon.
He said that he'd also do that.
She said that she'd also do that.
He said that he wouldn't do it.
She said that she wouldn't do it.
He said that he wouldn't dance.
She said that she wouldn't dance.
He said that he won't marry me.
She said that she won't marry me.
He said that he wasn't worried.
She said that she wasn't worried.
He said that he wasn't unhappy.
She said that she wasn't unhappy.
He said that he wasn't thirsty.
She said that she wasn't thirsty.
He said that he wasn't so sure.
She said that she wasn't so sure.
He said that he wasn't shocked.
She said that she wasn't shocked.
He said that he wasn't serious.
She said that she wasn't serious.
He said that he wasn't retired.
She said that she wasn't retired.
He said that he wasn't nervous.
She said that she wasn't nervous.
He said that he wasn't married.
She said that she wasn't married.
He said that he wasn't jealous.
She said that she wasn't jealous.
He said that he wasn't injured.
She said that she wasn't injured.
He said that he wasn't in pain.
She said that she wasn't in pain.
He said that he wasn't healthy.
She said that she wasn't healthy.
He said that he wasn't at home.
She said that she wasn't at home.
He said that he wasn't annoyed.
She said that she wasn't annoyed.
He said that he wasn't adopted.
She said that she wasn't adopted.
He said that he was very upset.
She said that she was very upset.
He said that he was very tired.
She said that she was very tired.
He said that he was very sorry.
She said that she was very sorry.
He said that he was very lucky.
She said that she was very lucky.
He said that he was very drunk.
She said that she was very drunk.
He said that he was very broke.
She said that she was very broke.
He said that he was very bored.
She said that she was very bored.
He said that he was very angry.
She said that she was very angry.
He said that he was unemployed.
She said that she was unemployed.
He said that he was suspicious.
She said that she was suspicious.
He said that he was supportive.
She said that she was supportive.
He said that he was really mad.
She said that she was really mad.
He said that he was quite busy.
She said that she was quite busy.
He said that he was optimistic.
She said that she was optimistic.
He said that he was interested.
She said that she was interested.
He said that he was in a hurry.
She said that she was in a hurry.
He said that he was having fun.
She said that she was having fun.
He said that he was happy here.
She said that she was happy here.
He said that he was frustrated.
She said that she was frustrated.
He said that he was frightened.
She said that she was frightened.
He said that he was doing fine.
She said that she was doing fine.
He said that he was displeased.
She said that she was displeased.
He said that he was colorblind.
She said that she was colorblind.
He said that he was a Canadian.
She said that she was a Canadian.
He said that he wanted to talk.
She said that she wanted to talk.
He said that he wanted to play.
She said that she wanted to play.
He said that he wanted to help.
She said that she wanted to help.
He said that he wanted revenge.
She said that she wanted revenge.
He said that he wanted my help.
She said that she wanted my help.
He said that he wanted answers.
She said that she wanted answers.
He said that he wanted a raise.
She said that she wanted a raise.
He said that he studied French.
She said that she studied French.
He said that he should do that.
She said that she should do that.
He said that he plans on going.
She said that she plans on going.
He said that he never did that.
She said that she never did that.
He said that he needed my help.
She said that she needed my help.
He said that he needed a favor.
She said that she needed a favor.
He said that he loved baseball.
She said that she loved baseball.
He said that he likes the idea.
She said that she likes the idea.
He said that he likes swimming.
She said that she likes swimming.
He said that he liked the idea.
She said that she liked the idea.
He said that he knew the rules.
She said that she knew the rules.
He said that he intends to win.
She said that she intends to win.
He said that he heard gunshots.
She said that she heard gunshots.
He said that he has to do that.
She said that she has to do that.
He said that he hadn't done it.
She said that she hadn't done it.
He said that he had to do that.
She said that she had to do that.
He said that he had no regrets.
She said that she had no regrets.
He said that he had a headache.
She said that she had a headache.
He said that he had a hard day.
She said that she had a hard day.
He said that he had a daughter.
She said that she had a daughter.
He said that he had a contract.
She said that she had a contract.
He said that he felt wonderful.
She said that she felt wonderful.
He said that he felt reassured.
She said that she felt reassured.
He said that he felt powerless.
She said that she felt powerless.
He said that he felt neglected.
She said that she felt neglected.
He said that he felt fantastic.
She said that she felt fantastic.
He said that he felt desperate.
She said that she felt desperate.
He said that he didn't do that.
She said that she didn't do that.
He said that he did that wrong.
She said that she did that wrong.
He said that he couldn't do it.
She said that she couldn't do it.
He said he's not going to sing.
She said she's not going to sing.
He said he's home every Monday.
She said she's home every Monday.
He said he's glad you did that.
She said she's glad you did that.
He said he's glad that you won.
She said she's glad that you won.
He said he's done that already.
She said she's done that already.
He said he's been feeling sick.
She said she's been feeling sick.
He said he's been busy all day.
She said she's been busy all day.
He said he's already done that.
She said she's already done that.
He said he's afraid to do that.
She said she's afraid to do that.
He said he'll probably do that.
She said she'll probably do that.
He said he'll do that tomorrow.
She said she'll do that tomorrow.
He said he'll buy that for you.
She said she'll buy that for you.
He said he'd sign the contract.
She said she'd sign the contract.
He said he'd never leave early.
She said she'd never leave early.
He said he'd never hurt anyone.
She said she'd never hurt anyone.
He said he'd never heard of me.
She said she'd never heard of me.
He said he'd go there tomorrow.
She said she'd go there tomorrow.
He said he'd go back home soon.
She said she'd go back home soon.
He said he'd give me a massage.
She said she'd give me a massage.
He said he'd be there tomorrow.
She said she'd be there tomorrow.
He said he'd be going by train.
She said she'd be going by train.
He said he'd be busy on Monday.
She said she'd be busy on Monday.
He said he'd be back on Monday.
She said she'd be back on Monday.
He said he'd be at the meeting.
She said she'd be at the meeting.
He said he would do that again.
She said she would do that again.
He said he would come tomorrow.
She said she would come tomorrow.
He said he won't do that again.
She said she won't do that again.
He said he wasn't going to win.
She said she wasn't going to win.
He said he wasn't feeling well.
She said she wasn't feeling well.
He said he wasn't disappointed.
She said she wasn't disappointed.
He said he was willing to wait.
She said she was willing to wait.
He said he was very happy here.
She said she was very happy here.
He said he was unlikely to win.
She said she was unlikely to win.
He said he was unlikely to cry.
She said she was unlikely to cry.
He said he was told to do that.
She said she was told to do that.
He said he was tired of losing.
She said she was tired of losing.
He said he was looking for you.
She said she was looking for you.
He said he was in love with me.
She said she was in love with me.
He said he was having fun, too.
She said she was having fun, too.
He said he was going back home.
She said she was going back home.
He said he was glad to see you.
She said she was glad to see you.
He said he was glad to be here.
She said she was glad to be here.
He said he was feeling thirsty.
She said she was feeling thirsty.
He said he was feeling nervous.
She said she was feeling nervous.
He said he was extremely tired.
She said she was extremely tired.
He said he was doing just fine.
She said she was doing just fine.
He said he was aching all over.
She said she was aching all over.
He said he wanted to stay home.
She said she wanted to stay home.
He said he wanted to go to bed.
She said she wanted to go to bed.
He said he wanted some company.
She said she wanted some company.
He said he wanted more details.
She said she wanted more details.
He said he wanted a better job.
She said she wanted a better job.
He said he thought I was witty.
She said she thought I was witty.
He said he thought I was lying.
She said she thought I was lying.
He said he thought I was funny.
She said she thought I was funny.
He said he thought I might win.
She said she thought I might win.
He said he should've done that.
She said she should've done that.
He said he saw something scary.
She said she saw something scary.
He said he plans on doing that.
She said she plans on doing that.
He said he needed to stay home.
She said she needed to stay home.
He said he needed a dozen eggs.
She said she needed a dozen eggs.
He said he knew how to do that.
She said she knew how to do that.
He said he isn't likely to win.
She said she isn't likely to win.
He said he isn't likely to cry.
She said she isn't likely to cry.
He said he intended to do that.
She said she intended to do that.
He said he has nothing to hide.
She said she has nothing to hide.
He said he had to go somewhere.
She said she had to go somewhere.
He said he had somewhere to go.
She said she had somewhere to go.
He said he had quit doing that.
She said she had quit doing that.
He said he had nothing to hide.
She said she had nothing to hide.
He said he had no other choice.
She said she had no other choice.
He said he had no more details.
She said she had no more details.
He said he had fully recovered.
She said she had fully recovered.
He said he had a terrible cold.
She said she had a terrible cold.
He said he had a difficult day.
She said she had a difficult day.
He said he figured I could win.
She said she figured I could win.
He said he felt very confident.
She said she felt very confident.
He said he felt like giving up.
She said she felt like giving up.
He said he felt bad about that.
She said she felt bad about that.
He said he felt a little woozy.
She said she felt a little woozy.
He said he felt a little dizzy.
She said she felt a little dizzy.
He said he felt a little dazed.
She said she felt a little dazed.
He said he enjoyed the concert.
She said she enjoyed the concert.
He said he doesn't care at all.
She said she doesn't care at all.
He said he didn't want to talk.
She said she didn't want to talk.
He said he didn't want to sing.
She said she didn't want to sing.
He said he didn't want a party.
She said she didn't want a party.
He said he didn't want a drink.
She said she didn't want a drink.
He said he didn't study French.
She said she didn't study French.
He said he didn't speak French.
She said she didn't speak French.
He said he didn't see anything.
She said she didn't see anything.
He said he didn't need a break.
She said she didn't need a break.
He said he didn't mind walking.
She said she didn't mind walking.
He said he didn't mind waiting.
She said she didn't mind waiting.
He said he didn't hunt anymore.
She said she didn't hunt anymore.
He said he didn't drink coffee.
She said she didn't drink coffee.
He said he didn't believe that.
She said she didn't believe that.
He said he did nothing illegal.
She said she did nothing illegal.
He said he couldn't find a job.
She said she couldn't find a job.
He said he couldn't believe it.
She said she couldn't believe it.
He said he could help us today.
She said she could help us today.
He said he could do that today.
She said she could do that today.
He said he bought that for you.
She said she bought that for you.
He said more than he should've.
She said more than she should've.
He reflected on what he'd done.
She reflected on what she'd done.
He realizes he's being ignored.
She realizes she's being ignored.
He promised that he'd be there.
She promised that she'd be there.
He promised he'd keep in touch.
She promised she'd keep in touch.
He promised me he'd come early.
She promised me she'd come early.
He promised me he wouldn't cry.
She promised me she wouldn't cry.
He pretended he didn't know me.
She pretended she didn't know me.
He plays the piano, doesn't he?
She plays the piano, doesn't she?
He phoned to say he'll be late.
She phoned to say she'll be late.
He only swears when he's angry.
She only swears when she's angry.
He only does what he has to do.
She only does what she has to do.
He often cries when he's drunk.
She often cries when she's drunk.
He now knows what he has to do.
She now knows what she has to do.
He never said he would help us.
She never said she would help us.
He never said he would do that.
She never said she would do that.
He never admitted he was wrong.
She never admitted she was wrong.
He must realize what he's done.
She must realize what she's done.
He must pay for what he's done.
She must pay for what she's done.
He may go with you if he wants.
She may go with you if she wants.
He may eat as much as he wants.
She may eat as much as she wants.
He may do that if he'd like to.
She may do that if she'd like to.
He looks like he's unimpressed.
She looks like she's unimpressed.
He looks like he's unconvinced.
She looks like she's unconvinced.
He looks like he's unconscious.
She looks like she's unconscious.
He looks like he's unconcerned.
She looks like she's unconcerned.
He looks like he's lost weight.
She looks like she's lost weight.
He looks like he's intoxicated.
She looks like she's intoxicated.
He looks like he's half asleep.
She looks like she's half asleep.
He looks like he's embarrassed.
She looks like she's embarrassed.
He looks like he's discouraged.
She looks like she's discouraged.
He looks like he's been crying.
She looks like she's been crying.
He looks like he's a bit tired.
She looks like she's a bit tired.
He looks like he might be sick.
She looks like she might be sick.
He looked like he wasn't tired.
She looked like she wasn't tired.
He looked like he wasn't happy.
She looked like she wasn't happy.
He looked like he was unafraid.
She looked like she was unafraid.
He looked like he was troubled.
She looked like she was troubled.
He looked like he was stranded.
She looked like she was stranded.
He looked like he was sleeping.
She looked like she was sleeping.
He looked like he was relieved.
She looked like she was relieved.
He looked like he was prepared.
She looked like she was prepared.
He looked like he was offended.
She looked like she was offended.
He looked like he was occupied.
She looked like she was occupied.
He looked like he was homeless.
She looked like she was homeless.
He looked like he was hesitant.
She looked like she was hesitant.
He looked like he was finished.
She looked like she was finished.
He looked like he was confused.
She looked like she was confused.
He looked like he was agitated.
She looked like she was agitated.
He looked like he always looks.
She looked like she always looks.
He lives near here, doesn't he?
She lives near here, doesn't she?
He lied about why he was fired.
She lied about why she was fired.
He lied about where he grew up.
She lied about where she grew up.
He knows what he's looking for.
She knows what she's looking for.
He knows what he's going to do.
She knows what she's going to do.
He knows what he wants to hear.
She knows what she wants to hear.
He knows what he did was wrong.
She knows what she did was wrong.
He knows that he has no choice.
She knows that she has no choice.
He knows that he has a problem.
She knows that she has a problem.
He knows that he can trust you.
She knows that she can trust you.
He knows that he can do better.
She knows that she can do better.
He knows he's not going to win.
She knows she's not going to win.
He knows he should be studying.
She knows she should be studying.
He knows he isn't welcome here.
She knows she isn't welcome here.
He knew that he'd been tricked.
She knew that she'd been tricked.
He knew that he was overweight.
She knew that she was overweight.
He knew he was in deep trouble.
She knew she was in deep trouble.
He knew he should study French.
She knew she should study French.
He knew he had to do something.
She knew she had to do something.
He knew he had nothing to lose.
She knew she had nothing to lose.
He killed the tiger, didn't he?
She killed the tiger, didn't she?
He just does what he has to do.
She just does what she has to do.
He isn't very organized, is he?
She isn't very organized, is she?
He isn't very efficient, is he?
She isn't very efficient, is she?
He isn't still sleeping, is he?
She isn't still sleeping, is she?
He isn't like people say he is.
She isn't like people say she is.
He isn't home right now, is he?
She isn't home right now, is she?
He isn't happy about it, is he?
She isn't happy about it, is she?
He isn't going with you, is he?
She isn't going with you, is she?
He isn't doing the best he can.
She isn't doing the best she can.
He isn't doing anything, is he?
She isn't doing anything, is she?
He isn't disturbing you, is he?
She isn't disturbing you, is she?
He isn't as stupid as he seems.
She isn't as stupid as she seems.
He isn't as fat as I am, is he?
She isn't as fat as I am, is she?
He isn't a happy person, is he?
She isn't a happy person, is she?
He isn't a happy camper, is he?
She isn't a happy camper, is she?
She is very afraid of her father.
She is trying to find her father.
She is now as tall as her mother.
She is living with her uncle now.
She is an artist like her father.
She is afraid of her grandfather.
He insisted he was ready to go.
She insisted she was ready to go.
He helped you today, didn't he?
She helped you today, didn't she?
He helped us out when he could.
She helped us out when she could.
He helped because he wanted to.
She helped because she wanted to.
He hates this idea, doesn't he?
She hates this idea, doesn't she?
He has told me he wants to win.
She has told me she wants to win.
He has shown us what he can do.
She has shown us what she can do.
He has no idea how lucky he is.
She has no idea how lucky she is.
He has never said he was sorry.
She has never said she was sorry.
He has left, but he'll be back.
She has left, but she'll be back.
He has done the best he can do.
She has done the best she can do.
He has denied that he did that.
She has denied that she did that.
He has decided he's had enough.
She has decided she's had enough.
He has been unlucky, hasn't he?
She has been unlucky, hasn't she?
He has a black dog, doesn't he?
She has a black dog, doesn't she?
He got everything he asked for.
She got everything she asked for.
He figures that he's not alone.
She figures that she's not alone.
He felt he had to do something.
She felt she had to do something.
He doesn't think he'll do that.
She doesn't think she'll do that.
He doesn't look like he's busy.
She doesn't look like she's busy.
She doesn't look like her mother.
He doesn't look happy, does he?
She doesn't look happy, does she?
He does that because he has to.
She does that because she has to.
He does that a lot, doesn't he?
She does that a lot, doesn't she?
He does look tired, doesn't he?
She does look tired, doesn't she?
He does look tense, doesn't he?
She does look tense, doesn't she?
He does get around, doesn't he?
She does get around, doesn't she?
He died when he was very young.
She died when she was very young.
He didn't say he would do that.
She didn't say she would do that.
He didn't say anything, did he?
She didn't say anything, did she?
He didn't mention who he'd met.
She didn't mention who she'd met.
He didn't hurt anybody, did he?
She didn't hurt anybody, did she?
He didn't do what he was asked.
She didn't do what she was asked.
He didn't do what he had to do.
She didn't do what she had to do.
He did what he'd planned to do.
She did what she'd planned to do.
He did what he felt like doing.
She did what she felt like doing.
He did the only thing he could.
She did the only thing she could.
He did that while he was drunk.
She did that while she was drunk.
He did do what you said he did.
She did do what you said she did.
He did all he could do to help.
She did all she could do to help.
He deserves everything he gets.
She deserves everything she gets.
He denies he paid ransom money.
She denies she paid ransom money.
He denies he agreed to do that.
She denies she agreed to do that.
He denied he agreed to do that.
She denied she agreed to do that.
He couldn't get what he wanted.
She couldn't get what she wanted.
He couldn't buy what he needed.
She couldn't buy what she needed.
He could do it if he wanted to.
She could do it if she wanted to.
He could do anything he wanted.
She could do anything she wanted.
He claims he's never done that.
She claims she's never done that.
He claimed that he acted alone.
She claimed that she acted alone.
He claimed he tried to do that.
She claimed she tried to do that.
He can go with you if he likes.
She can go with you if she likes.
He can eat as much as he wants.
She can eat as much as she wants.
He can do anything he wants to.
She can do anything she wants to.
He bought everything he wanted.
She bought everything she wanted.
He bought everything he needed.
She bought everything she needed.
He asked why he had to do that.
She asked why she had to do that.
He apologized for what he said.
She apologized for what she said.
He already regrets what he did.
She already regrets what she did.
He already knows what he'll do.
She already knows what she'll do.
He admitted that he was scared.
She admitted that she was scared.
He admitted that he was lonely.
She admitted that she was lonely.
He admitted that he was hungry.
She admitted that she was hungry.
He admitted that he was biased.
She admitted that she was biased.
He admitted that he was afraid.
She admitted that she was afraid.
He admitted that he used drugs.
She admitted that she used drugs.
He admitted that he left early.
She admitted that she left early.
He admitted that he didn't win.
She admitted that she didn't win.
He admitted that he didn't cry.
She admitted that she didn't cry.
He admitted he'd been reckless.
She admitted she'd been reckless.
He admitted he'd been mistaken.
She admitted she'd been mistaken.
He admitted he'd been impolite.
She admitted she'd been impolite.
He admitted he'd been drinking.
She admitted she'd been drinking.
He admitted he'd been defeated.
She admitted she'd been defeated.
He admitted he'd been careless.
She admitted she'd been careless.
He admitted he wasn't prepared.
She admitted she wasn't prepared.
He admitted he was heartbroken.
She admitted she was heartbroken.
He admitted he stole the money.
She admitted she stole the money.
He admitted he knew the secret.
She admitted she knew the secret.
He admitted he doesn't do that.
She admitted she doesn't do that.
He admits that he's left early.
She admits that she's left early.
He admits that he wasn't happy.
She admits that she wasn't happy.
He acted as if he knew nothing.
He yelled as loud as he could.
She yelled as loud as she could.
He wouldn't do that, would he?
She wouldn't do that, would she?
He wondered what he should do.
She wondered what she should do.
He won't tell anyone, will he?
She won't tell anyone, will she?
He won't do that now, will he?
She won't do that now, will she?
He wishes he'd done that, too.
She wishes she'd done that, too.
He wishes he hadn't done that.
She wishes she hadn't done that.
He wishes he had a bigger car.
She wishes she had a bigger car.
He wished he'd studied harder.
She wished she'd studied harder.
He wished he hadn't said that.
She wished she hadn't said that.
He wished he hadn't done that.
She wished she hadn't done that.
He wished he had more friends.
She wished she had more friends.
He wished he had a decent job.
She wished she had a decent job.
He went to college, didn't he?
She went to college, didn't she?
He was your friend, wasn't he?
She was your friend, wasn't she?
He was told he should do that.
She was told she should do that.
He was told he has to do that.
She was told she has to do that.
He was thoughtless, wasn't he?
She was thoughtless, wasn't she?
He was stunned by what he saw.
She was stunned by what she saw.
He was shocked by what he saw.
She was shocked by what she saw.
He was lucky he could do that.
She was lucky she could do that.
He wants us to know he did it.
She wants us to know she did it.
He usually gets what he wants.
She usually gets what she wants.
He used to do that, didn't he?
She used to do that, didn't she?
He told us he'd to go with us.
She told us she'd to go with us.
He told us he'd do that again.
She told us she'd do that again.
He told me that he's unbiased.
She told me that she's unbiased.
He told me that he's unafraid.
She told me that she's unafraid.
He told me that he's ticklish.
She told me that she's ticklish.
He told me that he's prepared.
She told me that she's prepared.
He told me that he'd call you.
She told me that she'd call you.
He told me that he'd be there.
She told me that she'd be there.
He told me that he'd be alone.
She told me that she'd be alone.
He told me that he wasn't mad.
She told me that she wasn't mad.
He told me that he was unhurt.
She told me that she was unhurt.
He told me that he was thirty.
She told me that she was thirty.
He told me that he was strong.
She told me that she was strong.
He told me that he was strict.
She told me that she was strict.
He told me that he was sleepy.
She told me that she was sleepy.
He told me that he was single.
She told me that she was single.
He told me that he was scared.
She told me that she was scared.
He told me that he was lonely.
She told me that she was lonely.
He told me that he was afraid.
She told me that she was afraid.
He told me that he was a poet.
She told me that she was a poet.
He told me that he understood.
She told me that she understood.
He told me that he liked snow.
She told me that she liked snow.
He told me that he liked rain.
She told me that she liked rain.
He told me that he left early.
She told me that she left early.
He told me that he had a plan.
She told me that she had a plan.
He told me that he had a cold.
She told me that she had a cold.
He told me that he felt tired.
She told me that she felt tired.
He told me that he enjoyed it.
She told me that she enjoyed it.
He told me that he didn't win.
She told me that she didn't win.
He told me that he didn't cry.
She told me that she didn't cry.
He told me that he called you.
She told me that she called you.
He told me he's never met you.
She told me she's never met you.
He told me he's losing weight.
She told me she's losing weight.
He told me he'll be back soon.
She told me she'll be back soon.
He told me he'd rather not go.
She told me she'd rather not go.
He told me he'd never do that.
She told me she'd never do that.
He told me he'd do that later.
She told me she'd do that later.
He told me he'd do that again.
She told me she'd do that again.
He told me he'd call tomorrow.
She told me she'd call tomorrow.
He told me he'd been forgiven.
She told me she'd been forgiven.
He told me he'd been careless.
She told me she'd been careless.
He told me he'd be supportive.
She told me she'd be supportive.
He told me he'd be right over.
She told me she'd be right over.
He told me he'd be right back.
She told me she'd be right back.
He told me he'd be ready soon.
She told me she'd be ready soon.
He told me he'd already eaten.
She told me she'd already eaten.
He told me he wasn't ticklish.
She told me she wasn't ticklish.
He told me he wasn't prepared.
She told me she wasn't prepared.
He told me he wasn't offended.
She told me she wasn't offended.
He told me he was very hungry.
She told me she was very hungry.
He told me he was unimpressed.
She told me she was unimpressed.
He told me he was unconvinced.
She told me she was unconvinced.
He told me he was sympathetic.
She told me she was sympathetic.
He told me he was really busy.
She told me she was really busy.
He told me he was ready to go.
She told me she was ready to go.
He told me he was pessimistic.
She told me she was pessimistic.
He told me he was over thirty.
She told me she was over thirty.
He told me he was heartbroken.
She told me she was heartbroken.
He told me he was headed home.
She told me she was headed home.
He told me he was feeling bad.
She told me she was feeling bad.
He told me he was embarrassed.
She told me she was embarrassed.
He told me he was discouraged.
She told me she was discouraged.
He told me he was coming back.
She told me she was coming back.
He told me he wanted to leave.
She told me she wanted to leave.
He told me he wanted a lawyer.
She told me she wanted a lawyer.
He told me he used to be rich.
She told me she used to be rich.
He told me he never said that.
She told me she never said that.
He told me he needed our help.
She told me she needed our help.
He told me he likes you a lot.
She told me she likes you a lot.
He told me he liked the party.
She told me she liked the party.
He told me he liked the movie.
She told me she liked the movie.
He told me he knows the rules.
She told me she knows the rules.
He told me he knew what to do.
She told me she knew what to do.
He told me he knew how I felt.
She told me she knew how I felt.
He told me he intended to win.
She told me she intended to win.
He told me he hated Christmas.
She told me she hated Christmas.
He told me he got there first.
She told me she got there first.
He told me he found something.
She told me she found something.
He told me he didn't eat pork.
She told me she didn't eat pork.
He told me he didn't eat meat.
She told me she didn't eat meat.
He told me he did that for us.
She told me she did that for us.
He told me he could handle it.
She told me she could handle it.
He told everyone he was upset.
She told everyone she was upset.
He told everyone he was tired.
She told everyone she was tired.
He told everyone he was ready.
She told everyone she was ready.
He told everyone he was broke.
She told everyone she was broke.
He told everyone he was bored.
She told everyone she was bored.
He told everybody he was well.
She told everybody she was well.
He told everybody he was safe.
She told everybody she was safe.
He told everybody he was fine.
She told everybody she was fine.
He told everybody he was done.
She told everybody she was done.
He told everybody he was cold.
She told everybody she was cold.
He thought he'd be safe there.
She thought she'd be safe there.
He thought he heard a gunshot.
She thought she heard a gunshot.
He thinks that he's so clever.
She thinks that she's so clever.
He thinks that he'll die soon.
She thinks that she'll die soon.
He thinks that he has the flu.
She thinks that she has the flu.
He thinks that he can do that.
She thinks that she can do that.
He thinks he's in big trouble.
She thinks she's in big trouble.
He thinks he's figured it out.
She thinks she's figured it out.
He thinks he knows what to do.
She thinks she knows what to do.
He thinks he knows the answer.
She thinks she knows the answer.
He thinks he got a good price.
She thinks she got a good price.
He thinks he can probably win.
She thinks she can probably win.
He still hopes he can do that.
She still hopes she can do that.
He stayed as long as he could.
She stayed as long as she could.
He sounded like he had a cold.
She sounded like she had a cold.
He soon realized he was alone.
She soon realized she was alone.
He says that he won't do that.
She says that she won't do that.
He says that he can't do that.
She says that she can't do that.
He says that he can swim well.
She says that she can swim well.
He says someday he'll do that.
She says someday she'll do that.
He says he's tried everything.
She says she's tried everything.
He says he's ready to do that.
She says she's ready to do that.
He says he's never grown corn.
She says she's never grown corn.
He says he's in a lot of pain.
She says she's in a lot of pain.
He says he's good at swimming.
She says she's good at swimming.
He says he's good at juggling.
She says she's good at juggling.
He says he's good at baseball.
She says she's good at baseball.
He says he's glad you're here.
She says she's glad you're here.
He says he's eager to do that.
She says she's eager to do that.
He says he'll stay for dinner.
She says she'll stay for dinner.
He says he'll quit doing that.
She says she'll quit doing that.
He says he'll need to do that.
She says she'll need to do that.
He says he'll leave on Monday.
She says she'll leave on Monday.
He says he'll keep doing that.
She says she'll keep doing that.
He says he'll have to do that.
She says she'll have to do that.
He says he'll do that someday.
She says she'll do that someday.
He says he'll do that for you.
She says she'll do that for you.
He says he'll be busy tonight.
She says she'll be busy tonight.
He says he would've paid more.
She says she would've paid more.
He says he won't study French.
She says she won't study French.
He says he won't speak French.
She says she won't speak French.
He says he won't ever do that.
She says she won't ever do that.
He says he won't buy any beer.
She says she won't buy any beer.
He says he wants to walk home.
She says she wants to walk home.
He says he wants to come, too.
She says she wants to come, too.
He says he saw something else.
She says she saw something else.
He says he regrets doing that.
She says she regrets doing that.
He says he plays the recorder.
She says she plays the recorder.
He says he needs a break, too.
She says she needs a break, too.
He says he likes Chinese food.
She says she likes Chinese food.
He says he intends to do that.
She says she intends to do that.
He says he hopes that you win.
She says she hopes that you win.
He says he has plenty of time.
She says she has plenty of time.
He says he has a lot of money.
She says she has a lot of money.
He says he followed the rules.
She says she followed the rules.
He says he feels the same way.
She says she feels the same way.
He says he doesn't want to go.
She says she doesn't want to go.
He says he doesn't need money.
She says she doesn't need money.
He says he doesn't like money.
She says she doesn't like money.
He says he doesn't feel tired.
She says she doesn't feel tired.
He says he didn't see anybody.
She says she didn't see anybody.
He says he did that last week.
She says she did that last week.
He says he declined that deal.
She says she declined that deal.
He says he can't speak French.
She says she can't speak French.
He says he can't eat any more.
She says she can't eat any more.
He says he believes in ghosts.
She says she believes in ghosts.
He said what he wanted to say.
She said what she wanted to say.
He said that he's very hungry.
She said that she's very hungry.
He said that he's unimpressed.
She said that she's unimpressed.
He said that he's unconvinced.
She said that she's unconvinced.
He said that he's sympathetic.
She said that she's sympathetic.
He said that he's ready to go.
She said that she's ready to go.
He said that he's pessimistic.
She said that she's pessimistic.
He said that he's not worried.
She said that she's not worried.
He said that he's not thirsty.
She said that she's not thirsty.
He said that he's heartbroken.
She said that she's heartbroken.
He said that he's embarrassed.
She said that she's embarrassed.
He said that he's discouraged.
She said that she's discouraged.
He said that he'll try to win.
She said that she'll try to win.
He said that he'll leave soon.
She said that she'll leave soon.
He said that he'd wait for us.
She said that she'd wait for us.
He said that he'd sort it out.
She said that she'd sort it out.
He said that he'd like to win.
She said that she'd like to win.
He said that he'd do it later.
She said that she'd do it later.
He said that he'd been hungry.
She said that she'd been hungry.
He said that he wouldn't wait.
She said that she wouldn't wait.
He said that he would do that.
She said that she would do that.
He said that he would be here.
She said that she would be here.
He said that he won't do that.
She said that she won't do that.
He said that he wasn't thirty.
She said that she wasn't thirty.
He said that he wasn't strong.
She said that she wasn't strong.
He said that he wasn't sleepy.
She said that she wasn't sleepy.
He said that he wasn't single.
She said that she wasn't single.
He said that he wasn't scared.
She said that she wasn't scared.
He said that he wasn't lonely.
She said that she wasn't lonely.
He said that he wasn't hungry.
She said that she wasn't hungry.
He said that he wasn't guilty.
She said that she wasn't guilty.
He said that he wasn't coming.
She said that she wasn't coming.
He said that he wasn't bitter.
She said that she wasn't bitter.
He said that he wasn't amused.
She said that she wasn't amused.
He said that he wasn't afraid.
She said that she wasn't afraid.
He said that he was very sick.
She said that she was very sick.
He said that he was very rich.
She said that she was very rich.
He said that he was very poor.
She said that she was very poor.
He said that he was very cold.
She said that she was very cold.
He said that he was very busy.
She said that she was very busy.
He said that he was unmarried.
She said that she was unmarried.
He said that he was terrified.
She said that she was terrified.
He said that he was surprised.
She said that she was surprised.
He said that he was skeptical.
She said that she was skeptical.
He said that he was satisfied.
She said that she was satisfied.
He said that he was mortified.
She said that she was mortified.
He said that he was miserable.
She said that she was miserable.
He said that he was irritated.
She said that she was irritated.
He said that he was intrigued.
She said that she was intrigued.
He said that he was impressed.
She said that she was impressed.
He said that he was exhausted.
She said that she was exhausted.
He said that he was done, too.
She said that she was done, too.
He said that he was dog-tired.
She said that she was dog-tired.
He said that he was desperate.
She said that she was desperate.
He said that he was depressed.
She said that she was depressed.
He said that he was concerned.
She said that she was concerned.
He said that he was at school.
She said that she was at school.
He said that he was an artist.
She said that she was an artist.
He said that he was all alone.
She said that she was all alone.
He said that he wanted to win.
She said that she wanted to win.
He said that he wanted to die.
She said that she wanted to die.
He said that he wanted to cry.
She said that she wanted to cry.
He said that he planned to go.
She said that she planned to go.
He said that he needed a rest.
She said that she needed a rest.
He said that he might not win.
She said that she might not win.
He said that he might do that.
She said that she might do that.
He said that he loved me, too.
She said that she loved me, too.
He said that he loved animals.
She said that she loved animals.
He said that he likes to swim.
She said that she likes to swim.
He said that he liked my idea.
She said that she liked my idea.
He said that he liked my hair.
She said that she liked my hair.
He said that he isn't worried.
She said that she isn't worried.
He said that he isn't thirsty.
She said that she isn't thirsty.
He said that he hurt all over.
She said that she hurt all over.
He said that he felt the same.
She said that she felt the same.
He said that he felt terrific.
She said that she felt terrific.
He said that he felt terrible.
She said that she felt terrible.
He said that he felt repulsed.
She said that she felt repulsed.
He said that he felt relieved.
She said that she felt relieved.
He said that he felt rejected.
She said that she felt rejected.
He said that he felt offended.
She said that she felt offended.
He said that he felt nauseous.
She said that she felt nauseous.
He said that he felt left out.
She said that she felt left out.
He said that he felt homesick.
She said that she felt homesick.
He said that he felt helpless.
She said that she felt helpless.
He said that he felt excluded.
She said that she felt excluded.
He said that he felt confused.
She said that she felt confused.
He said that he felt betrayed.
She said that she felt betrayed.
He said that he didn't get it.
She said that she didn't get it.
He said that he did just that.
She said that she did just that.
He said that he couldn't walk.
She said that she couldn't walk.
He said that he couldn't wait.
She said that she couldn't wait.
He said that he couldn't swim.
She said that she couldn't swim.
He said that he could take it.
She said that she could take it.
He said that he could help us.
She said that she could help us.
He said that he could do that.
She said that she could do that.
He said that he can't do that.
She said that she can't do that.
He said that he can handle it.
She said that she can handle it.
He said that he believed that.
She said that she believed that.
He said he's ready to do that.
She said she's ready to do that.
He said he's not in any hurry.
She said she's not in any hurry.
He said he's going to do that.
She said she's going to do that.
He said he's glad you're back.
She said she's glad you're back.
He said he's eating lunch now.
She said she's eating lunch now.
He said he's done that before.
She said she's done that before.
He said he's done all of that.
She said she's done all of that.
He said he's been working out.
She said she's been working out.
He said he's been here before.
She said she's been here before.
He said he's always done that.
She said she's always done that.
He said he'll quit doing that.
She said she'll quit doing that.
He said he'll help us do that.
She said she'll help us do that.
He said he'll do that for you.
She said she'll do that for you.
He said he'd unlikely do that.
She said she'd unlikely do that.
He said he'd retire this year.
She said she'd retire this year.
He said he'd probably do that.
She said she'd probably do that.
He said he'd only talk to you.
She said she'd only talk to you.
He said he'd like to see more.
She said she'd like to see more.
He said he'd do that tomorrow.
She said she'd do that tomorrow.
He said he'd do that if I did.
She said she'd do that if I did.
He said he'd do that for sure.
She said she'd do that for sure.
He said he'd do that for free.
She said she'd do that for free.
He said he'd consider my idea.
She said she'd consider my idea.
He said he'd buy that for you.
She said she'd buy that for you.
He said he'd be willing to go.
She said she'd be willing to go.
He said he'd be happy to help.
She said she'd be happy to help.
He said he would stop smoking.
She said she would stop smoking.
He said he won't speak French.
She said she won't speak French.
He said he won't sing tonight.
She said she won't sing tonight.
He said he won't ever do that.
She said she won't ever do that.
He said he wasn't mad anymore.
She said she wasn't mad anymore.
He said he wasn't coming back.
She said she wasn't coming back.
He said he wasn't a terrorist.
She said she wasn't a terrorist.
He said he was very confident.
She said she was very confident.
He said he was ready to leave.
She said she was ready to leave.
He said he was good at French.
She said she was good at French.
He said he was getting sleepy.
She said she was getting sleepy.
He said he was getting hungry.
She said she was getting hungry.
He said he was getting drowsy.
She said she was getting drowsy.
He said he was feeling hungry.
She said she was feeling hungry.
He said he was doing that now.
She said she was doing that now.
He said he was asked to leave.
She said she was asked to leave.
He said he was a little tired.
She said she was a little tired.
He said he wants more details.
She said she wants more details.
He said he wanted to meet you.
She said she wanted to meet you.
He said he wanted to marry me.
She said she wanted to marry me.
He said he wanted to be early.
She said she wanted to be early.
He said he thought I was lazy.
She said she thought I was lazy.
He said he thought I was dead.
She said she thought I was dead.
He said he regrets doing that.
She said she regrets doing that.
He said he probably won't win.
She said she probably won't win.
He said he plans to go Monday.
She said she plans to go Monday.
He said he planned to do that.
She said she planned to do that.
He said he only did that once.
She said she only did that once.
He said he might possibly win.
She said she might possibly win.
He said he likes to ski, too.
She said she likes to ski, too.
He said he knew you could win.
She said she knew you could win.
He said he knew the area well.
She said she knew the area well.
He said he isn't in any hurry.
She said she isn't in any hurry.
He said he isn't going ashore.
She said she isn't going ashore.
He said he heard the gunshots.
She said she heard the gunshots.
He said he heard an explosion.
She said she heard an explosion.
He said he had to leave early.
She said she had to leave early.
He said he had fun doing that.
She said she had fun doing that.
He said he had a lot of money.
She said she had a lot of money.
He said he had a good weekend.
She said she had a good weekend.
He said he got out of the way.
She said she got out of the way.
He said he felt uncomfortable.
She said she felt uncomfortable.
He said he felt a bit nervous.
She said she felt a bit nervous.
He said he enjoyed doing that.
She said she enjoyed doing that.
He said he enjoyed being here.
She said she enjoyed being here.
He said he doesn't plan to go.
She said she doesn't plan to go.
He said he didn't want to die.
She said she didn't want to die.
He said he didn't know French.
She said she didn't know French.
He said he didn't have a plan.
She said she didn't have a plan.
He said he didn't feel hungry.
She said she didn't feel hungry.
He said he did that on Monday.
She said she did that on Monday.
He said he couldn't swim well.
She said she couldn't swim well.
He said he couldn't elaborate.
She said she couldn't elaborate.
He said he could've done that.
She said she could've done that.
He said he could probably win.
She said she could probably win.
He said he can't speak French.
She said she can't speak French.
He said he believed in ghosts.
She said she believed in ghosts.
He refused to say what he did.
She refused to say what she did.
He really is stupid, isn't he?
She really is stupid, isn't she?
He realized what he had to do.
She realized what she had to do.
He realized that he was wrong.
She realized that she was wrong.
He realized that he was dying.
She realized that she was dying.
He realized that he might die.
She realized that she might die.
He realized he was in trouble.
She realized she was in trouble.
He realized he should do that.
She realized she should do that.
He realized he had to do that.
She realized she had to do that.
He ran as quickly as he could.
She ran as quickly as she could.
He promised that he'd do that.
She promised that she'd do that.
He promised he'll check on it.
She promised she'll check on it.
He promised he'd walk the dog.
She promised she'd walk the dog.
He promised he'd speak French.
She promised she'd speak French.
He promised he'd quit smoking.
She promised she'd quit smoking.
He promised he'd be back soon.
She promised she'd be back soon.
He promised he would be there.
She promised she would be there.
He promised me that he'd come.
He promised me he'd come back.
She promised me she'd come back.
He pretended that he was sick.
He pretended he didn't see it.
She pretended she didn't see it.
He practices what he preaches.
She practices what she preaches.
He phoned just before he left.
She phoned just before she left.
He only did what he had to do.
She only did what she had to do.
He never told me he was a cop.
She never told me she was a cop.
He never told me he had a dog.
She never told me she had a dog.
He never said he'd go with us.
She never said she'd go with us.
He never had a chance, did he?
She never had a chance, did she?
He meant exactly what he said.
She meant exactly what she said.
He may have anything he wants.
She may have anything she wants.
He may do that if he wants to.
She may do that if she wants to.
He may do anything he pleases.
She may do anything she pleases.
He looks like he's suspicious.
She looks like she's suspicious.
He looks like he's interested.
She looks like she's interested.
He looks like he's having fun.
She looks like she's having fun.
He looks like he's frustrated.
She looks like she's frustrated.
He looks like he's frightened.
She looks like she's frightened.
He looks like he's distracted.
She looks like she's distracted.
He looks like he's displeased.
She looks like she's displeased.
He looks like he's determined.
She looks like she's determined.
He looks like he belongs here.
She looks like she belongs here.
He looked like he wasn't busy.
She looked like she wasn't busy.
He looked like he was worried.
She looked like she was worried.
He looked like he was unhappy.
She looked like she was unhappy.
He looked like he was trapped.
She looked like she was trapped.
He looked like he was stunned.
She looked like she was stunned.
He looked like he was shocked.
She looked like she was shocked.
He looked like he was serious.
She looked like she was serious.
He looked like he was relaxed.
She looked like she was relaxed.
He looked like he was puzzled.
She looked like she was puzzled.
He looked like he was pleased.
She looked like she was pleased.
He looked like he was nervous.
She looked like she was nervous.
He looked like he was jealous.
She looked like she was jealous.
He looked like he was healthy.
She looked like she was healthy.
He looked like he was furious.
She looked like she was furious.
He looked like he was frantic.
She looked like she was frantic.
He looked like he was excited.
She looked like she was excited.
He looked like he was curious.
She looked like she was curious.
He looked like he was certain.
She looked like she was certain.
He looked like he was baffled.
She looked like she was baffled.
He looked like he was anxious.
She looked like she was anxious.
He looked like he was annoyed.
She looked like she was annoyed.
He looked like he needed help.
She looked like she needed help.
He looked like he always does.
She looked like she always does.
He lives near you, doesn't he?
She lives near you, doesn't she?
He likes football, doesn't he?
She likes football, doesn't she?
He lied about where he'd been.
She lied about where she'd been.
He let us know he had arrived.
She let us know she had arrived.
He knows where he can find me.
She knows where she can find me.
He knows what he's up against.
She knows what she's up against.
He knows what he wants to see.
She knows what she wants to see.
He knows what he wants to say.
She knows what she wants to say.
He knows what he needs to buy.
She knows what she needs to buy.
He knows that he's in trouble.
She knows that she's in trouble.
He knows that he has to do it.
She knows that she has to do it.
He knows that he can trust us.
She knows that she can trust us.
He knows that he can trust me.
She knows that she can trust me.
He knows he's vulnerable here.
She knows she's vulnerable here.
He knows he's partly to blame.
She knows she's partly to blame.
He knows he shouldn't do that.
She knows she shouldn't do that.
He knows he shouldn't be here.
She knows she shouldn't be here.
He knows he has to be patient.
She knows she has to be patient.
He knows he can't be replaced.
She knows she can't be replaced.
He knows I'm older than he is.
She knows I'm older than she is.
He knew that he'd be punished.
She knew that she'd be punished.
He knew that he had to escape.
She knew that she had to escape.
He knew that he could do that.
She knew that she could do that.
He knew he was going to be OK.
She knew she was going to be OK.
He knew he was being insulted.
She knew she was being insulted.
He knew he was being followed.
She knew she was being followed.
He keeps saying he's innocent.
She keeps saying she's innocent.
He just did what he had to do.
She just did what she had to do.
He isn't where he wants to be.
She isn't where she wants to be.
He isn't very talented, is he?
She isn't very talented, is she?
He isn't very sociable, is he?
She isn't very sociable, is she?
He isn't very reliable, is he?
She isn't very reliable, is she?
He isn't very obedient, is he?
She isn't very obedient, is she?
He isn't to be trusted, is he?
She isn't to be trusted, is she?
He isn't sure how he got here.
She isn't sure how she got here.
He isn't still at work, is he?
She isn't still at work, is she?
He isn't so successful, is he?
She isn't so successful, is she?
He isn't so dependable, is he?
She isn't so dependable, is she?
He isn't likely to win, is he?
She isn't likely to win, is she?
He isn't likely to cry, is he?
She isn't likely to cry, is she?
He isn't going to lose, is he?
She isn't going to lose, is she?
He isn't going to help, is he?
She isn't going to help, is she?
He isn't concentrating, is he?
She isn't concentrating, is she?
He isn't big, but he's strong.
She isn't big, but she's strong.
He isn't as young as he looks.
She isn't as young as she looks.
He isn't as tough as he seems.
She isn't as tough as she seems.
He isn't as tough as he looks.
She isn't as tough as she looks.
He isn't as smart as he looks.
She isn't as smart as she looks.
He isn't as old as you, is he?
She isn't as old as you, is she?
He isn't as good as he thinks.
He isn't all that tall, is he?
She isn't all that tall, is she?
He isn't all that rich, is he?
She isn't all that rich, is she?
He isn't all that poor, is he?
She isn't all that poor, is she?
He isn't a team player, is he?
She isn't a team player, is she?
He isn't a taxi driver, is he?
She isn't a taxi driver, is she?
She is a doctor like her father.
He insisted that he was right.
She insisted that she was right.
He hopes he won't be deported.
She hopes she won't be deported.
He has told me he can do that.
She has told me she can do that.
He has to pay for what he did.
She has to pay for what she did.
He has said he should do that.
She has said she should do that.
He has said he has to do that.
She has said she has to do that.
He has done what he had to do.
She has done what she had to do.
He has done everything he can.
She has done everything she can.
He has denied that he cheated.
She has denied that she cheated.
He has all the money he needs.
She has all the money she needs.
He had things he needed to do.
She had things she needed to do.
He had a secret he was hiding.
She had a secret she was hiding.
He got wiser as he grew older.
She got wiser as she grew older.
He got first prize, didn't he?
She got first prize, didn't she?
He goes to school, doesn't he?
She goes to school, doesn't she?
He found a job that he can do.
She found a job that she can do.
He finally got what he wanted.
She finally got what she wanted.
He explained why he was there.
She explained why she was there.
He drank some beer, didn't he?
She drank some beer, didn't she?
He doesn't talk much, does he?
She doesn't talk much, does she?
He doesn't live here, does he?
She doesn't live here, does she?
He doesn't know why he's here.
She doesn't know why she's here.
He doesn't know what he'll do.
She doesn't know what she'll do.
He doesn't know what he wants.
She doesn't know what she wants.
He doesn't have what he needs.
She doesn't have what she needs.
He doesn't believe he can win.
She doesn't believe she can win.
He does what he's asked to do.
She does what she's asked to do.
He does want this, doesn't he?
She does want this, doesn't she?
He does that when he's sleepy.
She does that when she's sleepy.
He does that when he's hungry.
She does that when she's hungry.
He does like jazz, doesn't he?
She does like jazz, doesn't she?
He didn't say why he was late.
She didn't say why she was late.
He didn't say why he did that.
She didn't say why she did that.
He didn't say where he'd gone.
She didn't say where she'd gone.
He didn't say where he'd been.
She didn't say where she'd been.
He didn't resign. He got fired.
She didn't resign. She got fired.
He didn't play tennis, did he?
She didn't play tennis, did she?
He didn't know what he wanted.
She didn't know what she wanted.
He didn't hurt anyone, did he?
She didn't hurt anyone, did she?
He didn't have what he needed.
She didn't have what she needed.
He didn't do it again, did he?
She didn't do it again, did she?
He did what he was told to do.
She did what she was told to do.
He did what he intended to do.
She did what she intended to do.
He did the very best he could.
She did the very best she could.
He did that whenever he could.
She did that whenever she could.
He did that when he was drunk.
She did that when she was drunk.
He did that because he had to.
She did that because she had to.
He did that as he'd been told.
She did that as she'd been told.
He did that as he was told to.
She did that as she was told to.
He did only what he had to do.
She did only what she had to do.
He did it the way he was told.
She did it the way she was told.
He did exactly as he was told.
She did exactly as she was told.
He did everything he could do.
She did everything she could do.
He deserved everything he got.
She deserved everything she got.
He denies he broke the window.
She denies she broke the window.
He decided he needed a change.
She decided she needed a change.
He danced with you, didn't he?
She danced with you, didn't she?
He couldn't do what he wanted.
She couldn't do what she wanted.
He couldn't do that, could he?
She couldn't do that, could she?
He could quit if he wanted to.
She could quit if she wanted to.
He could do what he had to do.
She could do what she had to do.
He confessed that he did that.
She confessed that she did that.
He claims he was born in 2013.
She claims she was born in 2013.
He claims he doesn't remember.
She claims she doesn't remember.
He claimed that he didn't cry.
She claimed that she didn't cry.
He can't swim like he used to.
She can't swim like she used to.
He can't speak French, can he?
She can't speak French, can she?
He can wear anything he wants.
She can wear anything she wants.
He can take anything he wants.
She can take anything she wants.
He can speak French, can't he?
She can speak French, can't she?
He can have whatever he wants.
She can have whatever she wants.
He can have anything he wants.
She can have anything she wants.
He can do whatever he pleases.
She can do whatever she pleases.
He can do what he wants to do.
She can do what she wants to do.
He can do that if he wants to.
She can do that if she wants to.
He bought the books he needed.
She bought the books she needed.
He believed that he could win.
She believed that she could win.
He began to wish he were dead.
She began to wish she were dead.
He asked me how he could help.
She asked me how she could help.
He asked if he had to do that.
She asked if she had to do that.
He apologized for what he did.
She apologized for what she did.
He admitted that he was tired.
She admitted that she was tired.
He admitted that he was broke.
She admitted that she was broke.
He admitted that he does that.
She admitted that she does that.
He admitted he'd been naughty.
She admitted she'd been naughty.
He admitted he'd been foolish.
She admitted she'd been foolish.
He admitted he wasn't perfect.
She admitted she wasn't perfect.
He admitted he wasn't certain.
She admitted she wasn't certain.
He admitted he was very tired.
She admitted she was very tired.
He admitted he was unemployed.
She admitted she was unemployed.
He admitted he was suspicious.
She admitted she was suspicious.
He admitted he was prejudiced.
She admitted she was prejudiced.
He admitted he was overweight.
She admitted she was overweight.
He admitted he was illiterate.
She admitted she was illiterate.
He admitted he was frustrated.
She admitted she was frustrated.
He admitted he was frightened.
She admitted she was frightened.
He admitted he stole the gold.
She admitted she stole the gold.
He admitted he didn't do that.
She admitted she didn't do that.
He admitted he broke the vase.
She admitted she broke the vase.
He admits that he's done that.
She admits that she's done that.
He admits that he wasn't sure.
She admits that she wasn't sure.
He admits that he often cries.
She admits that she often cries.
He admits he's under pressure.
She admits she's under pressure.
He acted as if he didn't care.
She acted as if she didn't care.
He wondered what he could do.
She wondered what she could do.
He was very angry, wasn't he?
She was very angry, wasn't she?
He was unfriendly, wasn't he?
She was unfriendly, wasn't she?
He was told he was too short.
She was told she was too short.
He was thirteen when he died.
She was thirteen when she died.
He was amused by what he saw.
She was amused by what she saw.
He wants us to think he's OK.
She wants us to think she's OK.
He wants to go, but he can't.
She wants to go, but she can't.
He walked as far as he could.
She walked as far as she could.
He told us he'd study French.
She told us she'd study French.
He told me why he left early.
She told me why she left early.
He told me why he didn't win.
She told me why she didn't win.
He told me that he's thirsty.
She told me that she's thirsty.
He told me that he's starved.
She told me that she's starved.
He told me that he's retired.
She told me that she's retired.
He told me that he's puzzled.
She told me that she's puzzled.
He told me that he's pleased.
She told me that she's pleased.
He told me that he's nervous.
She told me that she's nervous.
He told me that he's jealous.
She told me that she's jealous.
He told me that he'd help us.
She told me that she'd help us.
He told me that he'd help me.
She told me that she'd help me.
He told me that he'd do that.
She told me that she'd do that.
He told me that he'd call me.
She told me that she'd call me.
He told me that he'd be late.
She told me that she'd be late.
He told me that he'd be here.
She told me that she'd be here.
He told me that he'd be fair.
She told me that she'd be fair.
He told me that he'd be back.
She told me that she'd be back.
He told me that he was wrong.
She told me that she was wrong.
He told me that he was upset.
She told me that she was upset.
He told me that he was tired.
She told me that she was tired.
He told me that he was tense.
She told me that she was tense.
He told me that he was sorry.
She told me that she was sorry.
He told me that he was short.
She told me that she was short.
He told me that he was ready.
She told me that she was ready.
He told me that he was lucky.
She told me that she was lucky.
He told me that he was happy.
She told me that she was happy.
He told me that he was early.
She told me that she was early.
He told me that he was dying.
She told me that she was dying.
He told me that he was drunk.
She told me that she was drunk.
He told me that he was dizzy.
She told me that she was dizzy.
He told me that he was broke.
She told me that she was broke.
He told me that he was bored.
She told me that she was bored.
He told me that he was angry.
She told me that she was angry.
He told me that he was alone.
She told me that she was alone.
He told me that he should go.
She told me that she should go.
He told me that he might win.
She told me that she might win.
He told me that he had to go.
She told me that she had to go.
He told me that he felt weak.
She told me that she felt weak.
He told me that he felt sick.
She told me that she felt sick.
He told me that he felt safe.
She told me that she felt safe.
He told me that he felt fine.
She told me that she felt fine.
He told me that he felt cold.
She told me that she felt cold.
He told me that he disagreed.
She told me that she disagreed.
He told me he'd wait and see.
She told me she'd wait and see.
He told me he'd love to help.
She told me she'd love to help.
He told me he'd look into it.
She told me she'd look into it.
He told me he'd like to help.
She told me she'd like to help.
He told me he'd do that, too.
She told me she'd do that, too.
He told me he'd do that soon.
She told me she'd do that soon.
He told me he'd call me back.
She told me she'd call me back.
He told me he'd bought a car.
She told me she'd bought a car.
He told me he'd be back soon.
She told me she'd be back soon.
He told me he'd also do that.
She told me she'd also do that.
He told me he won't marry me.
She told me she won't marry me.
He told me he wasn't worried.
She told me she wasn't worried.
He told me he wasn't thirsty.
She told me she wasn't thirsty.
He told me he wasn't so sure.
She told me she wasn't so sure.
He told me he wasn't nervous.
She told me she wasn't nervous.
He told me he wasn't married.
She told me she wasn't married.
He told me he wasn't injured.
She told me she wasn't injured.
He told me he wasn't in pain.
She told me she wasn't in pain.
He told me he was very upset.
She told me she was very upset.
He told me he was very tired.
She told me she was very tired.
He told me he was very sorry.
She told me she was very sorry.
He told me he was very happy.
She told me she was very happy.
He told me he was unemployed.
She told me she was unemployed.
He told me he was suspicious.
She told me she was suspicious.
He told me he was overweight.
She told me she was overweight.
He told me he was optimistic.
She told me she was optimistic.
He told me he was interested.
She told me she was interested.
He told me he was in a hurry.
She told me she was in a hurry.
He told me he was having fun.
She told me she was having fun.
He told me he was happy here.
She told me she was happy here.
He told me he was going home.
She told me she was going home.
He told me he was frustrated.
She told me she was frustrated.
He told me he was frightened.
She told me she was frightened.
He told me he was doing that.
She told me she was doing that.
He told me he was doing fine.
She told me she was doing fine.
He told me he was displeased.
She told me she was displeased.
He told me he wanted to talk.
She told me she wanted to talk.
He told me he wanted to quit.
She told me she wanted to quit.
He told me he wanted to help.
She told me she wanted to help.
He told me he wanted my help.
She told me she wanted my help.
He told me he studied French.
She told me she studied French.
He told me he should do that.
She told me she should do that.
He told me he saw that movie.
She told me she saw that movie.
He told me he plans on going.
She told me she plans on going.
He told me he never did that.
She told me she never did that.
He told me he needed to talk.
She told me she needed to talk.
He told me he needed my help.
She told me she needed my help.
He told me he needed a favor.
She told me she needed a favor.
He told me he likes swimming.
She told me she likes swimming.
He told me he liked the idea.
She told me she liked the idea.
He told me he liked swimming.
She told me she liked swimming.
He told me he knew the rules.
She told me she knew the rules.
He told me he heard gunshots.
She told me she heard gunshots.
He told me he had to do that.
She told me she had to do that.
He told me he had no regrets.
She told me she had no regrets.
He told me he had a headache.
She told me she had a headache.
He told me he didn't do that.
She told me she didn't do that.
He told me he did that wrong.
She told me she did that wrong.
He told me he can see ghosts.
She told me she can see ghosts.
He told me about what he saw.
She told me about what she saw.
He told everyone he was well.
She told everyone she was well.
He told everyone he was safe.
She told everyone she was safe.
He told everyone he was fine.
She told everyone she was fine.
He told everyone he was done.
She told everyone she was done.
He told everyone he was cold.
She told everyone she was cold.
He thought that he was dying.
She thought that she was dying.
He thought that he was alone.
She thought that she was alone.
He thought that he was a cat.
She thought that she was a cat.
He thought that he should go.
She thought that she should go.
He thought that he might win.
She thought that she might win.
He thought that he could win.
She thought that she could win.
He thought he'd forgotten it.
She thought she'd forgotten it.
He thought he'd be safe here.
She thought she'd be safe here.
He thought he would help out.
She thought she would help out.
He thought he was very lucky.
She thought she was very lucky.
He thought he was being cute.
She thought she was being cute.
He thought he should do that.
She thought she should do that.
He thought he had to do that.
She thought she had to do that.
He thinks that he's a genius.
She thinks that she's a genius.
He thinks that he knows best.
She thinks that she knows best.
He thinks he's related to me.
She thinks she's related to me.
He thinks he's a good singer.
She thinks she's a good singer.
He thinks he's a good person.
She thinks she's a good person.
He thinks he's a good driver.
She thinks she's a good driver.
He thinks he hears something.
She thinks she hears something.
He swore he wouldn't do that.
She swore she wouldn't do that.
He sweats when he's stressed.
She sweats when she's stressed.
He stopped what he was doing.
She stopped what she was doing.
He spends more than he earns.
She spends more than she earns.
He speaks French, doesn't he?
She speaks French, doesn't she?
He sounded like he was upset.
She sounded like she was upset.
He says that he's just eaten.
She says that she's just eaten.
He says that he wants to win.
She says that she wants to win.
He says that he plans to win.
She says that she plans to win.
He says that he never dreams.
She says that she never dreams.
He says that he didn't do it.
She says that she didn't do it.
He says he's willing to help.
She says she's willing to help.
He says he's very happy here.
She says she's very happy here.
He says he's studying French.
She says she's studying French.
He says he's not ready to go.
She says she's not ready to go.
He says he's never done that.
She says she's never done that.
He says he's good at cooking.
She says she's good at cooking.
He says he's going to resign.
She says she's going to resign.
He says he'll think about it.
She says she'll think about it.
He says he'll never go again.
She says she'll never go again.
He says he'll do that for me.
She says she'll do that for me.
He says he'll call you later.
She says she'll call you later.
He says he'd love to do that.
She says she'd love to do that.
He says he'd like to do that.
She says she'd like to do that.
He says he won't get married.
She says she won't get married.
He says he wasn't being paid.
She says she wasn't being paid.
He says he wants to meet you.
She says she wants to meet you.
He says he wants to help you.
She says she wants to help you.
He says he wanted to do that.
She says she wanted to do that.
He says he thinks we can win.
She says she thinks we can win.
He says he shouldn't do that.
She says she shouldn't do that.
He says he needs another car.
She says she needs another car.
He says he needed to do that.
She says she needed to do that.
He says he might go shopping.
She says she might go shopping.
He says he isn't ready to go.
She says she isn't ready to go.
He says he has nothing to do.
She says she has nothing to do.
He says he has a stomachache.
She says she has a stomachache.
He says he feels like crying.
She says she feels like crying.
He says he enjoys doing that.
She says she enjoys doing that.
He says he did nothing wrong.
She says she did nothing wrong.
He says he can't do that yet.
She says she can't do that yet.
He says he can help us today.
She says she can help us today.
He says he can do that today.
She says she can do that today.
He said that he's very tired.
She said that she's very tired.
He said that he's very happy.
She said that she's very happy.
He said that he's unemployed.
She said that she's unemployed.
He said that he's suspicious.
She said that she's suspicious.
He said that he's supportive.
She said that she's supportive.
He said that he's optimistic.
She said that she's optimistic.
He said that he's not sleepy.
She said that she's not sleepy.
He said that he's not hungry.
She said that she's not hungry.
He said that he's interested.
She said that she's interested.
He said that he's frustrated.
She said that she's frustrated.
He said that he's frightened.
She said that she's frightened.
He said that he's displeased.
She said that she's displeased.
He said that he's a Canadian.
She said that she's a Canadian.
He said that he'd try to win.
She said that she'd try to win.
He said that he'd look at it.
She said that she'd look at it.
He said that he'd likely win.
She said that she'd likely win.
He said that he'd been wrong.
She said that she'd been wrong.
He said that he'd be on time.
She said that she'd be on time.
He said that he wouldn't win.
She said that she wouldn't win.
He said that he wouldn't cry.
She said that she wouldn't cry.
He said that he would buy it.
She said that she would buy it.
He said that he would appeal.
She said that she would appeal.
He said that he wasn't wrong.
She said that she wasn't wrong.
He said that he wasn't upset.
She said that she wasn't upset.
He said that he wasn't tired.
She said that she wasn't tired.
He said that he wasn't sorry.
She said that she wasn't sorry.
He said that he wasn't ready.
She said that she wasn't ready.
He said that he wasn't lucky.
She said that she wasn't lucky.
He said that he wasn't happy.
She said that she wasn't happy.
He said that he wasn't drunk.
She said that she wasn't drunk.
He said that he wasn't broke.
She said that she wasn't broke.
He said that he wasn't bored.
She said that she wasn't bored.
He said that he wasn't angry.
She said that she wasn't angry.
He said that he wasn't alone.
She said that she wasn't alone.
He said that he was worn out.
She said that she was worn out.
He said that he was very sad.
She said that she was very sad.
He said that he was very mad.
She said that she was very mad.
He said that he was unbiased.
She said that she was unbiased.
He said that he was unafraid.
She said that she was unafraid.
He said that he was troubled.
She said that she was troubled.
He said that he was ticklish.
She said that she was ticklish.
He said that he was thrilled.
She said that she was thrilled.
He said that he was starving.
She said that she was starving.
He said that he was so sorry.
She said that she was so sorry.
He said that he was retiring.
She said that she was retiring.
He said that he was relieved.
She said that she was relieved.
He said that he was prepared.
She said that she was prepared.
He said that he was offended.
She said that she was offended.
He said that he was mistaken.
She said that she was mistaken.
He said that he was innocent.
She said that she was innocent.
He said that he was homesick.
She said that she was homesick.
He said that he was homeless.
She said that she was homeless.
He said that he was grateful.
She said that she was grateful.
He said that he was finished.
She said that she was finished.
He said that he was famished.
She said that she was famished.
He said that he was divorced.
She said that she was divorced.
He said that he was confused.
She said that she was confused.
He said that he was betrayed.
She said that she was betrayed.
He said that he was Canadian.
She said that she was Canadian.
He said that he wants to win.
She said that she wants to win.
He said that he wants to die.
She said that she wants to die.
He said that he wanted to go.
She said that she wanted to go.
He said that he tried to win.
She said that she tried to win.
He said that he spoke French.
She said that she spoke French.
He said that he needs a loan.
She said that she needs a loan.
He said that he needed money.
She said that she needed money.
He said that he liked skiing.
She said that she liked skiing.
He said that he knew who won.
She said that she knew who won.
He said that he isn't thirty.
She said that she isn't thirty.
He said that he isn't sleepy.
She said that she isn't sleepy.
He said that he isn't hungry.
She said that she isn't hungry.
He said that he heard a shot.
She said that she heard a shot.
He said that he had to split.
She said that she had to split.
He said that he had to leave.
She said that she had to leave.
He said that he had no vices.
She said that she had no vices.
He said that he had no money.
She said that she had no money.
He said that he had an alibi.
She said that she had an alibi.
He said that he felt wronged.
She said that she felt wronged.
He said that he felt trapped.
She said that she felt trapped.
He said that he felt snubbed.
She said that she felt snubbed.
He said that he felt seasick.
She said that she felt seasick.
He said that he felt nothing.
She said that she felt nothing.
He said that he felt nervous.
She said that she felt nervous.
He said that he felt foolish.
She said that she felt foolish.
He said that he felt cheated.
She said that she felt cheated.
He said that he felt awkward.
She said that she felt awkward.
He said that he felt at home.
She said that she felt at home.
He said that he felt amazing.
She said that she felt amazing.
He said that he feels strong.
She said that she feels strong.
He said that he feels better.
She said that she feels better.
He said that he doesn't care.
She said that she doesn't care.
He said that he didn't smoke.
She said that she didn't smoke.
He said that he didn't do it.
She said that she didn't do it.
He said that he didn't agree.
She said that she didn't agree.
He said that he did it wrong.
She said that she did it wrong.
He said that he could fix it.
She said that she could fix it.
He said that he ate too much.
She said that she ate too much.
He said he's very happy here.
She said she's very happy here.
He said he's not ready to go.
She said she's not ready to go.
He said he's never done that.
She said she's never done that.
He said he's feeling nervous.
She said she's feeling nervous.
He said he's doing just fine.
She said she's doing just fine.
He said he's also frustrated.
She said she's also frustrated.
He said he'll try to do that.
She said she'll try to do that.
He said he'll do that for us.
She said she'll do that for us.
He said he'll call you later.
She said she'll call you later.
He said he'd take care of it.
She said she'd take care of it.
He said he'd see me tomorrow.
She said she'd see me tomorrow.
He said he'd rather not swim.
She said she'd rather not swim.
He said he'd quit doing that.
She said she'd quit doing that.
He said he'd like to eat now.
She said she'd like to eat now.
He said he'd help us do that.
She said she'd help us do that.
He said he'd help me do that.
She said she'd help me do that.
He said he'd found something.
She said she'd found something.
He said he'd do that for you.
She said she'd do that for you.
He said he'd do that as well.
She said she'd do that as well.
He said he'd come back later.
She said she'd come back later.
He said he'd buy some stamps.
She said she'd buy some stamps.
He said he'd be leaving soon.
She said she'd be leaving soon.
He said he'd be here tonight.
She said she'd be here tonight.
He said he'd be glad to help.
She said she'd be glad to help.
He said he'd almost given up.
She said she'd almost given up.
He said he wouldn't be there.
She said she wouldn't be there.
He said he would write to us.
She said she would write to us.
He said he would sort it out.
She said she would sort it out.
He said he would do it again.
She said she would do it again.
He said he wasn't overweight.
She said she wasn't overweight.
He said he wasn't interested.
She said she wasn't interested.
He said he wasn't in a hurry.
She said she wasn't in a hurry.
He said he wasn't having fun.
She said she wasn't having fun.
He said he wasn't happy here.
She said she wasn't happy here.
He said he wasn't handcuffed.
She said she wasn't handcuffed.
He said he wasn't a Canadian.
She said she wasn't a Canadian.
He said he was very confused.
She said she was very confused.
He said he was uncomfortable.
She said she was uncomfortable.
He said he was unable to win.
She said she was unable to win.
He said he was ready to talk.
She said she was ready to talk.
He said he was ready to help.
She said she was ready to help.
He said he was going to work.
She said she was going to work.
He said he was going to quit.
She said she was going to quit.
He said he was going to help.
She said she was going to help.
He said he was going hunting.
She said she was going hunting.
He said he was getting tired.
She said she was getting tired.
He said he was getting antsy.
She said she was getting antsy.
He said he was feeling tired.
She said she was feeling tired.
He said he was feeling great.
She said she was feeling great.
He said he was asked to help.
She said she was asked to help.
He said he was afraid to fly.
She said she was afraid to fly.
He said he was a new student.
She said she was a new student.
He said he wants to meet you.
She said she wants to meet you.
He said he wanted to wrestle.
She said she wanted to wrestle.
He said he wanted to help us.
She said she wanted to help us.
He said he wanted to go home.
She said she wanted to go home.
He said he wanted to do this.
She said she wanted to do this.
He said he wanted to do that.
She said she wanted to do that.
He said he wanted to do more.
She said she wanted to do more.
He said he wanted to be here.
She said she wanted to be here.
He said he wanted some money.
She said she wanted some money.
He said he wanted me to stop.
She said she wanted me to stop.
He said he wanted a good job.
She said she wanted a good job.
He said he understood French.
She said she understood French.
He said he thought you'd win.
She said she thought you'd win.
He said he shouldn't do that.
She said she shouldn't do that.
He said he paid income taxes.
She said she paid income taxes.
He said he needed to do that.
She said she needed to do that.
He said he needed more money.
She said she needed more money.
He said he might not do that.
She said she might not do that.
He said he knew who did that.
She said she knew who did that.
He said he knew I was coming.
She said she knew I was coming.
He said he isn't ready to go.
She said she isn't ready to go.
He said he isn't a candidate.
She said she isn't a candidate.
He said he heard three shots.
She said she heard three shots.
He said he had to talk to me.
She said she had to talk to me.
He said he had nowhere to go.
She said she had nowhere to go.
He said he had a slight cold.
He said he felt very nervous.
She said she felt very nervous.
He said he felt the same way.
She said she felt the same way.
He said he felt like dancing.
She said she felt like dancing.
He said he felt disappointed.
She said she felt disappointed.
He said he feels like crying.
She said she feels like crying.
He said he enjoys doing that.
She said she enjoys doing that.
He said he enjoyed the party.
She said she enjoyed the party.
He said he doesn't want this.
She said she doesn't want this.
He said he doesn't feel well.
She said she doesn't feel well.
He said he didn't want to go.
She said she didn't want to go.
He said he didn't need money.
She said she didn't need money.
He said he didn't have a job.
She said she didn't have a job.
He said he didn't have a dog.
She said she didn't have a dog.
He said he didn't have a car.
She said she didn't have a car.
He said he didn't feel tired.
She said she didn't feel tired.
He said he didn't drink wine.
She said she didn't drink wine.
He said he didn't believe it.
She said she didn't believe it.
He said he did nothing wrong.
She said she did nothing wrong.
He said he could come get it.
She said she could come get it.
He said he called the police.
She said she called the police.
He said he agreed to do that.
She said she agreed to do that.
He resumed where he left off.
She resumed where she left off.
He regrets doing what he did.
She regrets doing what she did.
He realizes what he has done.
She realizes what she has done.
He realized he was a suspect.
She realized she was a suspect.
He realized he had no choice.
She realized she had no choice.
He realized he had a mission.
She realized she had a mission.
He realized he couldn't talk.
She realized she couldn't talk.
He promised he'd wait for us.
She promised she'd wait for us.
He promised he'd check on it.
She promised she'd check on it.
He promised he would do that.
She promised she would do that.
He promised he won't do that.
She promised she won't do that.
He promised me that he'd win.
She promised me that she'd win.
He pretended he wasn't there.
She pretended she wasn't there.
He pretended he was sleeping.
She pretended she was sleeping.
He pretended he was a doctor.
She pretended she was a doctor.
He pretended he had a weapon.
She pretended she had a weapon.
He never told me he loved me.
She never told me she loved me.
He needs to stay where he is.
She needs to stay where she is.
He needs to pay what he owes.
She needs to pay what she owes.
He may not like what he sees.
She may not like what she sees.
He may eat anything he wants.
She may eat anything she wants.
He made you laugh, didn't he?
She made you laugh, didn't she?
He looks like he's uncertain.
She looks like she's uncertain.
He looks like he's terrified.
She looks like she's terrified.
He looks like he's skeptical.
She looks like she's skeptical.
He looks like he's satisfied.
She looks like she's satisfied.
He looks like he's reluctant.
She looks like she's reluctant.
He looks like he's motivated.
She looks like she's motivated.
He looks like he's miserable.
She looks like she's miserable.
He looks like he's irritated.
She looks like she's irritated.
He looks like he's impressed.
She looks like she's impressed.
He looks like he's exhausted.
She looks like she's exhausted.
He looks like he's disgusted.
She looks like she's disgusted.
He looks like he's depressed.
She looks like she's depressed.
He looks like he's delighted.
She looks like she's delighted.
He looks like he's contented.
She looks like she's contented.
He looks like he's conscious.
She looks like she's conscious.
He looks like he's confident.
She looks like she's confident.
He looks like he's committed.
She looks like she's committed.
He looks like he was stunned.
She looks like she was stunned.
He looks like he saw a ghost.
She looks like she saw a ghost.
He looks like he just got up.
She looks like she just got up.
He looks like he has an idea.
She looks like she has an idea.
He looks like he always does.
She looks like she always does.
He looked like he was unhurt.
She looked like she was unhurt.
He looked like he was stoned.
She looked like she was stoned.
He looked like he was sleepy.
She looked like she was sleepy.
He looked like he was scared.
She looked like she was scared.
He looked like he was lonely.
She looked like she was lonely.
He looked like he was hungry.
She looked like she was hungry.
He looked like he was guilty.
She looked like she was guilty.
He looked like he was asleep.
She looked like she was asleep.
He looked like he was amused.
She looked like she was amused.
He looked like he was afraid.
She looked like she was afraid.
He looked as if he was angry.
She looked as if she was angry.
He likes to swim, doesn't he?
She likes to swim, doesn't she?
He likes to sing, doesn't he?
She likes to sing, doesn't she?
He likes to hunt, doesn't he?
She likes to hunt, doesn't she?
He likes oranges, doesn't he?
He likes fishing, doesn't he?
She likes fishing, doesn't she?
He likes drawing, doesn't he?
She likes drawing, doesn't she?
He likes cooking, doesn't he?
She likes cooking, doesn't she?
He liked everything he heard.
She liked everything she heard.
He lied about how old he was.
She lied about how old she was.
He knows what he's got to do.
She knows what she's got to do.
He knows what he ought to do.
She knows what she ought to do.
He knows what he needs to do.
She knows what she needs to do.
He knows that he can do that.
She knows that she can do that.
He knows he's in trouble now.
She knows she's in trouble now.
He knows he ought to do that.
She knows she ought to do that.
He knows he needs to do that.
She knows she needs to do that.
He knew what he needed to do.
She knew what she needed to do.
He knew that he had to hurry.
She knew that she had to hurry.
He knew that he couldn't win.
She knew that she couldn't win.
He knew he'd have to do that.
She knew she'd have to do that.
He knew he wouldn't be fired.
She knew she wouldn't be fired.
He knew he was being watched.
She knew she was being watched.
He knew he was being lied to.
She knew she was being lied to.
He knew he shouldn't do that.
She knew she shouldn't do that.
He knew he needed to do that.
She knew she needed to do that.
He knew more than he told us.
She knew more than she told us.
He isn't who you think he is.
She isn't who you think she is.
He isn't very likable, is he?
She isn't very likable, is she?
He isn't sure he can do that.
She isn't sure she can do that.
He isn't still hungry, is he?
She isn't still hungry, is she?
He isn't still asleep, is he?
She isn't still asleep, is she?
He isn't contributing, is he?
She isn't contributing, is she?
He isn't afraid of me, is he?
She isn't afraid of me, is she?
He isn't able to swim, is he?
She isn't able to swim, is she?
He isn't a cat person, is he?
She isn't a cat person, is she?
He isn't a bus driver, is he?
She isn't a bus driver, is she?
She is terrified of her father.
She is staying with her mother.
He insisted he was no killer.
She insisted she was no killer.
He hopes that he can do that.
She hopes that she can do that.
He hopes he won't be demoted.
She hopes she won't be demoted.
He hoped he'd be able to win.
She hoped she'd be able to win.
He hasn't called you, has he?
She hasn't called you, has she?
He has told me he'll do that.
She has told me she'll do that.
He has things he needs to do.
She has things she needs to do.
He has said he won't do that.
She has said she won't do that.
He has said he can't do that.
She has said she can't do that.
He has decided he'll do that.
She has decided she'll do that.
He has been lying, hasn't he?
She has been lying, hasn't she?
He had to admit he was wrong.
She had to admit she was wrong.
He got more than he expected.
She got more than she expected.
He got in trouble, didn't he?
She got in trouble, didn't she?
He gets mean when he's drunk.
She gets mean when she's drunk.
He gave us everything he had.
She gave us everything she had.
He gave me everything he had.
She gave me everything she had.
He gave it everything he had.
She gave it everything she had.
He found the watch he'd lost.
She found the watch she'd lost.
He found a job that he likes.
She found a job that she likes.
He explained why he was late.
She explained why she was late.
He explained why he did this.
She explained why she did this.
He explained why he did that.
She explained why she did that.
He explained how he did that.
She explained how she did that.
He doesn't say much, does he?
She doesn't say much, does she?
He doesn't know he's adopted.
She doesn't know she's adopted.
He doesn't eat pork, does he?
She doesn't eat pork, does she?
He does whatever he wants to.
She does whatever she wants to.
He does that whenever he can.
She does that whenever she can.
He does that when he's tired.
She does that when she's tired.
He does that when he's happy.
She does that when she's happy.
He does that when he's drunk.
She does that when she's drunk.
He does everything he's told.
She does everything she's told.
He didn't like what he heard.
She didn't like what she heard.
He didn't get what he wanted.
She didn't get what she wanted.
He didn't get what he needed.
She didn't get what she needed.
He didn't buy what he needed.
She didn't buy what she needed.
He did what he planned to do.
She did what she planned to do.
He did what he could to help.
She did what she could to help.
He did that when he was here.
She did that when she was here.
He did that again, didn't he?
She did that again, didn't she?
He deserves whatever he gets.
She deserves whatever she gets.
He denies that he left early.
She denies that she left early.
He denied that he left early.
She denied that she left early.
He denied he stole the money.
She denied she stole the money.
He could do that if he tried.
She could do that if she tried.
He claims that he's unbiased.
She claims that she's unbiased.
He claims that he's innocent.
She claims that she's innocent.
He claims that he didn't cry.
She claims that she didn't cry.
He claims he's taught French.
She claims she's taught French.
He claims he was brainwashed.
She claims she was brainwashed.
He claims he never said that.
She claims she never said that.
He claimed that he saw a UFO.
She claimed that she saw a UFO.
He claimed he didn't do that.
She claimed she didn't do that.
He can't win and he knows it.
She can't win and she knows it.
He can sit wherever he likes.
She can sit wherever she likes.
He can eat anything he wants.
She can eat anything she wants.
He can buy whatever he wants.
She can buy whatever she wants.
He believes he could do that.
She believes she could do that.
He assured us he'd cooperate.
She assured us she'd cooperate.
He asked if he could do that.
She asked if she could do that.
He announced he was retiring.
She announced she was retiring.
He always got what he wanted.
She always got what she wanted.
He always gets what he wants.
She always gets what she wants.
He admitted that he was weak.
She admitted that she was weak.
He admitted that he was sick.
She admitted that she was sick.
He admitted that he was lost.
She admitted that she was lost.
He admitted that he was lazy.
She admitted that she was lazy.
He admitted that he was cold.
She admitted that she was cold.
He admitted that he did that.
She admitted that she did that.
He admitted he'd been unfair.
She admitted she'd been unfair.
He admitted he was uncertain.
She admitted she was uncertain.
He admitted he was terrified.
She admitted she was terrified.
He admitted he was skeptical.
She admitted she was skeptical.
He admitted he was intrigued.
She admitted she was intrigued.
He admitted he was impressed.
She admitted she was impressed.
He admitted he was exhausted.
She admitted she was exhausted.
He admitted he was desperate.
She admitted she was desperate.
He admits he was overwhelmed.
She admits she was overwhelmed.
He admits he often does that.
She admits she often does that.
He acknowledged he was upset.
She acknowledged she was upset.
He wished he had more money.
She wished she had more money.
He waved to everyone he saw.
She waved to everyone she saw.
He wasn't sure he could win.
She wasn't sure she could win.
He was very rude, wasn't he?
She was very rude, wasn't she?
He was very late, wasn't he?
She was very late, wasn't she?
He was told he couldn't win.
She was told she couldn't win.
He was surprised, wasn't he?
She was surprised, wasn't she?
He vowed he'd never do that.
She vowed she'd never do that.
He told us he couldn't help.
She told us she couldn't help.
He told us he could do that.
She told us she could do that.
He told me why he was angry.
She told me why she was angry.
He told me that he's sleepy.
She told me that she's sleepy.
He told me that he's scared.
She told me that she's scared.
He told me that he's lonely.
She told me that she's lonely.
He told me that he's afraid.
She told me that she's afraid.
He told me that he'd buy it.
She told me that she'd buy it.
He told me that he was well.
She told me that she was well.
He told me that he was sick.
She told me that she was sick.
He told me that he was safe.
She told me that she was safe.
He told me that he was rich.
She told me that she was rich.
He told me that he was poor.
She told me that she was poor.
He told me that he was next.
She told me that she was next.
He told me that he was lost.
She told me that she was lost.
He told me that he was lazy.
She told me that she was lazy.
He told me that he was glad.
She told me that she was glad.
He told me that he was full.
She told me that she was full.
He told me that he was free.
She told me that she was free.
He told me that he was fine.
She told me that she was fine.
He told me that he was done.
She told me that she was done.
He told me that he was cold.
She told me that she was cold.
He told me that he told you.
She told me that she told you.
He told me that he loves me.
She told me that she loves me.
He told me that he liked it.
She told me that she liked it.
He told me that he knew you.
She told me that she knew you.
He told me that he felt hot.
She told me that she felt hot.
He told me that he did that.
She told me that she did that.
He told me he's very hungry.
She told me she's very hungry.
He told me he's unimpressed.
She told me she's unimpressed.
He told me he's unconvinced.
She told me she's unconvinced.
He told me he's sympathetic.
She told me she's sympathetic.
He told me he's pessimistic.
She told me she's pessimistic.
He told me he's intoxicated.
She told me she's intoxicated.
He told me he's heartbroken.
She told me she's heartbroken.
He told me he's discouraged.
She told me she's discouraged.
He told me he'd wait for us.
She told me she'd wait for us.
He told me he'd sort it out.
She told me she'd sort it out.
He told me he'd be discreet.
She told me she'd be discreet.
He told me he wouldn't wait.
She told me she wouldn't wait.
He told me he would help us.
She told me she would help us.
He told me he would do that.
She told me she would do that.
He told me he won't do that.
She told me she won't do that.
He told me he wasn't sleepy.
She told me she wasn't sleepy.
He told me he wasn't hungry.
She told me she wasn't hungry.
He told me he wasn't coming.
She told me she wasn't coming.
He told me he wasn't afraid.
She told me she wasn't afraid.
He told me he was very busy.
She told me she was very busy.
He told me he was unmarried.
She told me she was unmarried.
He told me he was uninsured.
She told me she was uninsured.
He told me he was undecided.
She told me she was undecided.
He told me he was terrified.
She told me she was terrified.
He told me he was surprised.
She told me she was surprised.
He told me he was skeptical.
She told me she was skeptical.
He told me he was satisfied.
She told me she was satisfied.
He told me he was miserable.
She told me she was miserable.
He told me he was irritated.
She told me she was irritated.
He told me he was impressed.
She told me she was impressed.
He told me he was forgetful.
She told me she was forgetful.
He told me he was exhausted.
She told me she was exhausted.
He told me he was done, too.
She told me she was done, too.
He told me he was desperate.
She told me she was desperate.
He told me he was depressed.
She told me she was depressed.
He told me he was concerned.
She told me she was concerned.
He told me he was bilingual.
She told me she was bilingual.
He told me he was at school.
She told me she was at school.
He told me he was an artist.
She told me she was an artist.
He told me he wanted to win.
She told me she wanted to win.
He told me he wanted to die.
She told me she wanted to die.
He told me he wanted to cry.
She told me she wanted to cry.
He told me he speaks French.
She told me she speaks French.
He told me he might not win.
She told me she might not win.
He told me he might do that.
She told me she might do that.
He told me he likes to swim.
She told me she likes to swim.
He told me he liked my idea.
She told me she liked my idea.
He told me he had a problem.
She told me she had a problem.
He told me he felt offended.
She told me she felt offended.
He told me he didn't get it.
She told me she didn't get it.
He told me he couldn't walk.
She told me she couldn't walk.
He told me he couldn't wait.
She told me she couldn't wait.
He told me he could take it.
She told me she could take it.
He told me he could help us.
She told me she could help us.
He told me he could do that.
She told me she could do that.
He told me he can't do that.
She told me she can't do that.
He told me he believed that.
She told me she believed that.
He thought that he had time.
She thought that she had time.
He thought he would be late.
She thought she would be late.
He thought he saw a pattern.
She thought she saw a pattern.
He thought he might do that.
She thought she might do that.
He thought he could help us.
She thought she could help us.
He thought he could do that.
She thought she could do that.
He thinks that he's in love.
She thinks that she's in love.
He thinks that he knows why.
She thinks that she knows why.
He thinks that he could win.
She thinks that she could win.
He thinks he's good-looking.
She thinks she's good-looking.
He thinks he's always right.
She thinks she's always right.
He thinks he should do that.
She thinks she should do that.
He swore he'd never do that.
She swore she'd never do that.
He swore he'd do that today.
She swore she'd do that today.
He swears he didn't do that.
She swears she didn't do that.
He sounded like he meant it.
She sounded like she meant it.
He sold everything he owned.
She sold everything she owned.
He smiled at you, didn't he?
She smiled at you, didn't she?
She shined her father's shoes.
He sent you here, didn't he?
She sent you here, didn't she?
He says that he's very rich.
She says that she's very rich.
He says that he's very busy.
She says that she's very busy.
He says that he plans to go.
She says that she plans to go.
He says that he detests war.
She says that she detests war.
He says he's planning to go.
She says she's planning to go.
He says he's not sleepy yet.
She says she's not sleepy yet.
He says he's not interested.
She says she's not interested.
He says he's not hungry yet.
She says she's not hungry yet.
He says he's not happy here.
She says she's not happy here.
He says he's heard you sing.
She says she's heard you sing.
He says he's had a hard day.
She says she's had a hard day.
He says he's good at French.
She says she's good at French.
He says he's getting hungry.
She says she's getting hungry.
He says he's a good student.
She says she's a good student.
He says he'll never give up.
She says she'll never give up.
He says he'll never do that.
She says she'll never do that.
He says he'll help us today.
She says she'll help us today.
He says he'll give it a try.
She says she'll give it a try.
He says he'll do that today.
She says she'll do that today.
He says he'll do that later.
She says she'll do that later.
He says he'll do that again.
She says she'll do that again.
He says he'll come tomorrow.
She says she'll come tomorrow.
He says he'll be a bit late.
She says she'll be a bit late.
He says he'd rather go home.
She says she'd rather go home.
He says he wouldn't do that.
She says she wouldn't do that.
He says he wants to help us.
She says she wants to help us.
He says he wants to do that.
She says she wants to do that.
He says he still needs help.
She says she still needs help.
He says he seldom does that.
She says she seldom does that.
He says he plans to do that.
She says she plans to do that.
He says he ought to do that.
She says she ought to do that.
He says he needs to do that.
She says she needs to do that.
He says he needs time alone.
She says she needs time alone.
He says he needs a vacation.
She says she needs a vacation.
He says he likes to do that.
She says she likes to do that.
He says he likes doing that.
She says she likes doing that.
He says he isn't sleepy yet.
She says she isn't sleepy yet.
He says he isn't hungry yet.
She says she isn't hungry yet.
He says he has a lot to say.
She says she has a lot to say.
He says he feels better now.
She says she feels better now.
He says he dreams in French.
She says she dreams in French.
He says he doesn't ever win.
She says she doesn't ever win.
He says he doesn't buy that.
She says she doesn't buy that.
He says he doesn't blame us.
She says she doesn't blame us.
He says he can fix anything.
She says she can fix anything.
He said that he's very busy.
She said that she's very busy.
He said that he's skeptical.
She said that she's skeptical.
He said that he's not tired.
She said that she's not tired.
He said that he's not happy.
She said that she's not happy.
He said that he's not alone.
She said that she's not alone.
He said that he's no expert.
She said that she's no expert.
He said that he's irritated.
She said that she's irritated.
He said that he's exhausted.
She said that she's exhausted.
He said that he's desperate.
She said that she's desperate.
He said that he's depressed.
She said that she's depressed.
He said that he's concerned.
She said that she's concerned.
He said that he'll be there.
She said that she'll be there.
He said that he'd try again.
She said that she'd try again.
He said that he'd failed us.
She said that she'd failed us.
He said that he'd eat fruit.
She said that she'd eat fruit.
He said that he'd been busy.
She said that she'd been busy.
He said that he would do it.
She said that she would do it.
He said that he wasn't sure.
She said that she wasn't sure.
He said that he wasn't sick.
She said that she wasn't sick.
He said that he wasn't rich.
She said that she wasn't rich.
He said that he wasn't poor.
She said that she wasn't poor.
He said that he wasn't hurt.
She said that she wasn't hurt.
He said that he wasn't full.
She said that she wasn't full.
He said that he wasn't free.
She said that she wasn't free.
He said that he wasn't done.
She said that she wasn't done.
He said that he wasn't cold.
She said that she wasn't cold.
He said that he wasn't busy.
She said that she wasn't busy.
He said that he was wounded.
She said that she was wounded.
He said that he was worried.
She said that she was worried.
He said that he was unlucky.
She said that she was unlucky.
He said that he was unhappy.
She said that she was unhappy.
He said that he was thirsty.
She said that she was thirsty.
He said that he was stunned.
She said that she was stunned.
He said that he was starved.
She said that she was starved.
He said that he was shocked.
She said that she was shocked.
He said that he was serious.
She said that she was serious.
He said that he was retired.
She said that she was retired.
He said that he was relaxed.
She said that she was relaxed.
He said that he was puzzled.
She said that she was puzzled.
He said that he was psychic.
She said that she was psychic.
He said that he was psyched.
She said that she was psyched.
He said that he was pleased.
She said that she was pleased.
He said that he was nervous.
She said that she was nervous.
He said that he was married.
She said that she was married.
He said that he was jealous.
She said that she was jealous.
He said that he was healthy.
She said that she was healthy.
He said that he was furious.
She said that she was furious.
He said that he was excited.
She said that she was excited.
He said that he was dubious.
She said that she was dubious.
He said that he was curious.
She said that she was curious.
He said that he was baffled.
She said that she was baffled.
He said that he was at home.
She said that she was at home.
He said that he was ashamed.
She said that she was ashamed.
He said that he was annoyed.
She said that she was annoyed.
He said that he was adopted.
She said that she was adopted.
He said that he wants to go.
She said that she wants to go.
He said that he walked home.
She said that she walked home.
He said that he saw nothing.
She said that she saw nothing.
He said that he plans to go.
She said that she plans to go.
He said that he may not win.
She said that she may not win.
He said that he may do that.
She said that she may do that.
He said that he likes pizza.
She said that she likes pizza.
He said that he isn't upset.
She said that she isn't upset.
He said that he isn't tired.
She said that she isn't tired.
He said that he isn't happy.
She said that she isn't happy.
He said that he isn't angry.
She said that she isn't angry.
He said that he had to work.
She said that she had to work.
He said that he had a knife.
She said that she had a knife.
He said that he freaked out.
She said that she freaked out.
He said that he felt uneasy.
She said that she felt uneasy.
He said that he felt strong.
She said that she felt strong.
He said that he felt scared.
She said that she felt scared.
He said that he felt lonely.
She said that she felt lonely.
He said that he felt hungry.
She said that she felt hungry.
He said that he felt guilty.
She said that she felt guilty.
He said that he felt better.
She said that she felt better.
He said that he feels tired.
She said that she feels tired.
He said that he feels great.
She said that she feels great.
He said that he didn't swim.
She said that she didn't swim.
He said that he didn't mind.
She said that she didn't mind.
He said that he could do it.
She said that she could do it.
He said he's ready to leave.
She said she's ready to leave.
He said he's not yet thirty.
She said she's not yet thirty.
He said he's not sleepy yet.
She said she's not sleepy yet.
He said he's not doing that.
She said she's not doing that.
He said he's not being used.
She said she's not being used.
He said he's doing that now.
She said she's doing that now.
He said he'll never do that.
She said she'll never do that.
He said he'll look after me.
She said she'll look after me.
He said he'll do that later.
She said she'll do that later.
He said he'll check into it.
She said she'll check into it.
He said he'd try to do that.
She said she'd try to do that.
He said he'd try doing that.
She said she'd try doing that.
He said he'd think about it.
She said she'd think about it.
He said he'd rather go home.
She said she'd rather go home.
He said he'd never leave me.
She said she'd never leave me.
He said he'd likely do that.
She said she'd likely do that.
He said he'd do that for us.
She said she'd do that for us.
He said he'd definitely win.
She said she'd definitely win.
He said he'd call you later.
She said she'd call you later.
He said he'd be coming back.
She said she'd be coming back.
He said he wouldn't help me.
She said she wouldn't help me.
He said he wouldn't do that.
She said she wouldn't do that.
He said he would look at it.
She said she would look at it.
He said he wasn't surprised.
She said she wasn't surprised.
He said he wasn't impressed.
She said she wasn't impressed.
He said he wasn't convinced.
She said she wasn't convinced.
He said he wasn't concerned.
She said she wasn't concerned.
He said he was very nervous.
She said she was very nervous.
He said he was still afraid.
She said she was still afraid.
He said he was really happy.
She said she was really happy.
He said he was no different.
She said she was no different.
He said he was here to stay.
She said she was here to stay.
He said he was going to win.
She said she was going to win.
He said he was going to die.
She said she was going to die.
He said he was glad to help.
She said she was glad to help.
He said he was feeling fine.
She said she was feeling fine.
He said he was disappointed.
She said she was disappointed.
He said he was appreciative.
She said she was appreciative.
He said he was all worn out.
She said she was all worn out.
He said he wants to do that.
She said she wants to do that.
He said he wanted to retire.
She said she wanted to retire.
He said he wanted ice cream.
She said she wanted ice cream.
He said he wanted a new car.
She said she wanted a new car.
He said he tried to do that.
She said she tried to do that.
He said he prefers red wine.
She said she prefers red wine.
He said he plans to do that.
She said she plans to do that.
He said he planned on going.
She said she planned on going.
He said he ought to do that.
She said she ought to do that.
He said he never felt tired.
She said she never felt tired.
He said he needs to do that.
She said she needs to do that.
He said he needed some cash.
She said she needed some cash.
He said he needed more time.
She said she needed more time.
He said he likes to do that.
She said she likes to do that.
He said he likes doing that.
She said she likes doing that.
He said he liked to do that.
She said she liked to do that.
He said he liked doing that.
She said she liked doing that.
He said he isn't thirty yet.
She said she isn't thirty yet.
He said he isn't sleepy yet.
She said she isn't sleepy yet.
He said he hasn't done that.
She said she hasn't done that.
He said he had to work late.
She said she had to work late.
He said he had to walk home.
She said she had to walk home.
He said he had to stay home.
She said she had to stay home.
He said he had a job for me.
She said she had a job for me.
He said he forgot something.
She said she forgot something.
He said he felt very sleepy.
She said she felt very sleepy.
He said he felt very lonely.
She said she felt very lonely.
He said he felt very guilty.
She said she felt very guilty.
He said he felt responsible.
She said she felt responsible.
He said he felt overwhelmed.
She said she felt overwhelmed.
He said he felt no pressure.
She said she felt no pressure.
He said he felt manipulated.
She said she felt manipulated.
He said he felt like crying.
She said she felt like crying.
He said he felt lightheaded.
She said she felt lightheaded.
He said he felt intimidated.
She said she felt intimidated.
He said he felt embarrassed.
She said she felt embarrassed.
He said he felt comfortable.
She said she felt comfortable.
He said he felt a bit woozy.
She said she felt a bit woozy.
He said he felt a bit tired.
She said she felt a bit tired.
He said he enjoyed the view.
She said she enjoyed the view.
He said he enjoyed the show.
She said she enjoyed the show.
He said he doesn't eat pork.
She said she doesn't eat pork.
He said he doesn't eat meat.
She said she doesn't eat meat.
He said he didn't like dogs.
She said she didn't like dogs.
He said he didn't like cats.
She said she didn't like cats.
He said he didn't like beer.
She said she didn't like beer.
He said he didn't know this.
She said she didn't know this.
He said he didn't feel well.
She said she didn't feel well.
He said he didn't feel safe.
She said she didn't feel safe.
He said he didn't feel cold.
She said she didn't feel cold.
He said he did that in 2013.
She said she did that in 2013.
He said he did that for you.
She said she did that for you.
He said he did that already.
She said she did that already.
He said he couldn't help me.
She said she couldn't help me.
He said he couldn't do that.
She said she couldn't do that.
He said he couldn't breathe.
She said she couldn't breathe.
He said he could do nothing.
She said she could do nothing.
He said he ate way too much.
She said she ate way too much.
He said he appreciated that.
She said she appreciated that.
He said he already did that.
She said she already did that.
He regretted what he'd done.
She regretted what she'd done.
He regrets that he did that.
She regrets that she did that.
He really is good, isn't he?
She really is good, isn't she?
He realized he wasn't alone.
She realized she wasn't alone.
He realized he had to leave.
She realized she had to leave.
He promised he'd be on time.
She promised she'd be on time.
He promised he wouldn't cry.
She promised she wouldn't cry.
He promised me he'd do that.
She promised me she'd do that.
He pretended he didn't care.
She pretended she didn't care.
He never denied he did that.
She never denied she did that.
He meant it when he said it.
She meant it when she said it.
He may leave if he wants to.
She may leave if she wants to.
He may go wherever he wants.
She may go wherever she wants.
He may go anywhere he likes.
She may go anywhere she likes.
He may do whatever he wants.
She may do whatever she wants.
He may do whatever he likes.
She may do whatever she likes.
He may do anything he wants.
She may do anything she wants.
He looks sleepy, doesn't he?
She looks sleepy, doesn't she?
He looks like he's troubled.
She looks like she's troubled.
He looks like he's thinking.
She looks like she's thinking.
He looks like he's sleeping.
She looks like she's sleeping.
He looks like he's relieved.
She looks like she's relieved.
He looks like he's prepared.
She looks like she's prepared.
He looks like he's offended.
She looks like she's offended.
He looks like he's occupied.
She looks like she's occupied.
He looks like he's in agony.
She looks like she's in agony.
He looks like he's homeless.
She looks like she's homeless.
He looks like he's hesitant.
She looks like she's hesitant.
He looks like he's finished.
She looks like she's finished.
He looks like he's confused.
She looks like she's confused.
He looks like he has a plan.
She looks like she has a plan.
He looks as if he's in pain.
She looks as if she's in pain.
He looked like he was upset.
She looked like she was upset.
He looked like he was tired.
She looked like she was tired.
He looked like he was tense.
She looked like she was tense.
He looked like he was stuck.
She looked like she was stuck.
He looked like he was sorry.
She looked like she was sorry.
He looked like he was ready.
She looked like she was ready.
He looked like he was happy.
She looked like she was happy.
He looked like he was drunk.
She looked like she was drunk.
He looked like he was dizzy.
She looked like she was dizzy.
He looked like he was bored.
She looked like she was bored.
He looked like he was awake.
She looked like she was awake.
He looked like he was angry.
She looked like she was angry.
He looked like he was alone.
She looked like she was alone.
He looked like he was alive.
She looked like she was alive.
He looked like he might cry.
She looked like she might cry.
He looked as if he was sick.
She looked as if she was sick.
He likes sports, doesn't he?
She likes sports, doesn't she?
He likes reggae, doesn't he?
She likes reggae, doesn't she?
He likes horses, doesn't he?
She likes horses, doesn't she?
He likes hockey, doesn't he?
She likes hockey, doesn't she?
He likes coffee, doesn't he?
She likes coffee, doesn't she?
He left because he was sick.
She left because she was sick.
He left as soon as he could.
She left as soon as she could.
He knows what he has to say.
She knows what she has to say.
He knows what he has to buy.
She knows what she has to buy.
He knows that he needs help.
She knows that she needs help.
He knows he's said too much.
She knows she's said too much.
He knows he's being watched.
She knows she's being watched.
He knows he's being lied to.
She knows she's being lied to.
He knows he has to buy time.
She knows she has to buy time.
He knows he has to be ready.
She knows she has to be ready.
He knows he can count on us.
She knows she can count on us.
He knew what he ought to do.
She knew what she ought to do.
He knew that he could do it.
She knew that she could do it.
He knew he was going to win.
She knew she was going to win.
He knew he was going to die.
She knew she was going to die.
He knew he was about to die.
She knew she was about to die.
He knew he had to apologize.
She knew she had to apologize.
He knew he couldn't do that.
She knew she couldn't do that.
He kissed me before he left.
She kissed me before she left.
He just told me what he did.
She just told me what she did.
He just told me he loved me.
She just told me she loved me.
He isn't where he should be.
She isn't where she should be.
He isn't what he used to be.
She isn't what she used to be.
He isn't very strong, is he?
She isn't very strong, is she?
He isn't very polite, is he?
She isn't very polite, is she?
He isn't very hungry, is he?
She isn't very hungry, is she?
He isn't very bright, is he?
She isn't very bright, is she?
He isn't sure why he's here.
She isn't sure why she's here.
He isn't sure what he'll do.
She isn't sure what she'll do.
He isn't sure if he's right.
She isn't sure if she's right.
He isn't often wrong, is he?
She isn't often wrong, is she?
He isn't good enough, is he?
She isn't good enough, is she?
He isn't fast enough, is he?
She isn't fast enough, is she?
He isn't coming back, is he?
She isn't coming back, is she?
He isn't celebrating, is he?
She isn't celebrating, is she?
He isn't as old as he seems.
She isn't as old as she seems.
He isn't as old as he looks.
She isn't as old as she looks.
He isn't as bad as he looks.
She isn't as bad as she looks.
He isn't always busy, is he?
She isn't always busy, is she?
He isn't a good cook, is he?
She isn't a good cook, is she?
She is taller than her mother.
She is staying at her uncle's.
He insisted he was innocent.
She insisted she was innocent.
He helps out any way he can.
She helps out any way she can.
He hasn't eaten yet, has he?
She hasn't eaten yet, has she?
He has told me he won't win.
She has told me she won't win.
He has told me he can't win.
She has told me she can't win.
He has done the best he can.
She has done the best she can.
He has done that, hasn't he?
She has done that, hasn't she?
He has been busy, hasn't he?
She has been busy, hasn't she?
He had no idea where he was.
She had no idea where she was.
He had everything he wanted.
She had everything she wanted.
He got everything he wanted.
She got everything she wanted.
He got everything he needed.
She got everything she needed.
He figured he could do that.
She figured she could do that.
He felt he was going to die.
She felt she was going to die.
He felt like he could do it.
She felt like she could do it.
He doesn't want it, does he?
She doesn't want it, does she?
He doesn't think he'll lose.
She doesn't think she'll lose.
He doesn't think he can win.
She doesn't think she can win.
He doesn't know where he is.
She doesn't know where she is.
He doesn't do that, does he?
She doesn't do that, does she?
He doesn't do much, does he?
She doesn't do much, does she?
He does what he can to help.
She does what she can to help.
He didn't say where he went.
She didn't say where she went.
He didn't mean what he said.
She didn't mean what she said.
He didn't know where he was.
She didn't know where she was.
He didn't know what he'd do.
She didn't know what she'd do.
He did what he wanted to do.
She did what she wanted to do.
He did what he needed to do.
She did what she needed to do.
He did the best he could do.
She did the best she could do.
He did as he was instructed.
She did as she was instructed.
He did all he could to help.
She did all she could to help.
He denied that he said that.
She denied that she said that.
He could buy what he needed.
She could buy what she needed.
He claims he didn't do that.
She claims she didn't do that.
He claimed he wasn't guilty.
She claimed she wasn't guilty.
He claimed he wasn't afraid.
She claimed she wasn't afraid.
He claimed he could do that.
She claimed she could do that.
He can't help the way he is.
She can't help the way she is.
He can leave if he wants to.
She can leave if she wants to.
He can go wherever he likes.
She can go wherever she likes.
He can go whenever he likes.
She can go whenever she likes.
He can do anything he wants.
She can do anything she wants.
He believes that he can win.
She believes that she can win.
He always said he was lucky.
She always said she was lucky.
He admitted he'd lied to me.
She admitted she'd lied to me.
He admitted he'd been wrong.
She admitted she'd been wrong.
He admitted he wasn't ready.
She admitted she wasn't ready.
He admitted he wasn't brave.
She admitted she wasn't brave.
He admitted he was troubled.
She admitted she was troubled.
He admitted he was homesick.
She admitted she was homesick.
He admitted he was homeless.
She admitted she was homeless.
He admitted he was famished.
She admitted she was famished.
He admitted he was divorced.
She admitted she was divorced.
He admitted he was confused.
She admitted she was confused.
He admits that he does that.
She admits that she does that.
He acts like he's exhausted.
She acts like she's exhausted.
He acted like he was scared.
She acted like she was scared.
He acted like he was afraid.
She acted like she was afraid.
He worked until he dropped.
She worked until she dropped.
He won't be there, will he?
She won't be there, will she?
He wished he hadn't looked.
She wished she hadn't looked.
He wears a wig, doesn't he?
She wears a wig, doesn't she?
He wasn't sleeping, was he?
She wasn't sleeping, was she?
He wasn't fighting, was he?
She wasn't fighting, was she?
He was thirty when he died.
She was thirty when she died.
He was mistaken, wasn't he?
She was mistaken, wasn't she?
He was hoping he could win.
She was hoping she could win.
He was doing what he loved.
She was doing what she loved.
He was afraid he'd be late.
She was afraid she'd be late.
He told us that he'd cried.
She told us that she'd cried.
He told us he wouldn't cry.
She told us she wouldn't cry.
He told us he loved skiing.
She told us she loved skiing.
He told us he couldn't win.
She told us she couldn't win.
He told us how he did that.
She told us how she did that.
He told me why he was late.
She told me why she was late.
He told me why he did that.
She told me why she did that.
He told me that he's upset.
She told me that she's upset.
He told me that he's tired.
She told me that she's tired.
He told me that he's ready.
She told me that she's ready.
He told me that he's first.
She told me that she's first.
He told me that he's broke.
She told me that she's broke.
He told me that he's bored.
She told me that she's bored.
He told me that he's alone.
She told me that she's alone.
He told me that he'd leave.
She told me that she'd leave.
He told me that he'd do it.
She told me that she'd do it.
He told me that he'd cried.
She told me that she'd cried.
He told me that he was shy.
She told me that she was shy.
He told me that he was sad.
She told me that she was sad.
He told me that he was mad.
She told me that she was mad.
He told me that he was hot.
She told me that she was hot.
He told me he's unemployed.
She told me she's unemployed.
He told me he's suspicious.
She told me she's suspicious.
He told me he's interested.
She told me she's interested.
He told me he's frightened.
She told me she's frightened.
He told me he'd try to win.
She told me she'd try to win.
He told me he'd look at it.
She told me she'd look at it.
He told me he'd likely cry.
She told me she'd likely cry.
He told me he'd leave soon.
She told me she'd leave soon.
He told me he'd come again.
She told me she'd come again.
He told me he'd be careful.
She told me she'd be careful.
He told me he wouldn't win.
She told me she wouldn't win.
He told me he wouldn't cry.
She told me she wouldn't cry.
He told me he wasn't upset.
She told me she wasn't upset.
He told me he wasn't tired.
She told me she wasn't tired.
He told me he wasn't sorry.
She told me she wasn't sorry.
He told me he wasn't happy.
She told me she wasn't happy.
He told me he wasn't bored.
She told me she wasn't bored.
He told me he wasn't angry.
She told me she wasn't angry.
He told me he wasn't alone.
She told me she wasn't alone.
He told me he was worn out.
She told me she was worn out.
He told me he was unbiased.
She told me she was unbiased.
He told me he was unafraid.
She told me she was unafraid.
He told me he was ticklish.
She told me she was ticklish.
He told me he was thrilled.
She told me she was thrilled.
He told me he was relieved.
She told me she was relieved.
He told me he was prepared.
She told me she was prepared.
He told me he was positive.
She told me she was positive.
He told me he was offended.
She told me she was offended.
He told me he was mistaken.
She told me she was mistaken.
He told me he was innocent.
She told me she was innocent.
He told me he was homesick.
She told me she was homesick.
He told me he was homeless.
She told me she was homeless.
He told me he was grateful.
She told me she was grateful.
He told me he was flexible.
She told me she was flexible.
He told me he was finished.
She told me she was finished.
He told me he was famished.
She told me she was famished.
He told me he was divorced.
She told me she was divorced.
He told me he was diabetic.
She told me she was diabetic.
He told me he was confused.
She told me she was confused.
He told me he was agnostic.
She told me she was agnostic.
He told me he was a doctor.
She told me she was a doctor.
He told me he was Canadian.
She told me she was Canadian.
He told me he wants to win.
She told me she wants to win.
He told me he wants to die.
She told me she wants to die.
He told me he wanted to go.
She told me she wanted to go.
He told me he wanted a dog.
She told me she wanted a dog.
He told me he tried to win.
She told me she tried to win.
He told me he spoke French.
She told me she spoke French.
He told me he needed space.
She told me she needed space.
He told me he needed money.
She told me she needed money.
He told me he isn't hungry.
She told me she isn't hungry.
He told me he had to split.
She told me she had to split.
He told me he had to leave.
She told me she had to leave.
He told me he had no money.
She told me she had no money.
He told me he felt seasick.
She told me she felt seasick.
He told me he didn't smoke.
She told me she didn't smoke.
He told me he didn't do it.
She told me she didn't do it.
He told me he didn't agree.
She told me she didn't agree.
He told me he could fix it.
She told me she could fix it.
He told me he ate too much.
She told me she ate too much.
He thought he heard a shot.
She thought she heard a shot.
He thinks that he can sing.
He thinks he's a good cook.
She thinks she's a good cook.
He thinks he got a bargain.
She thinks she got a bargain.
He thinks he could do that.
She thinks she could do that.
He swore he didn't do that.
She swore she didn't do that.
He swears he won't do that.
She swears she won't do that.
He showed me what he meant.
She showed me what she meant.
He should stay where he is.
She should stay where she is.
He should pay what he owes.
She should pay what she owes.
He says that he'll do that.
She says that she'll do that.
He says that he didn't win.
She says that she didn't win.
He says that he didn't cry.
She says that she didn't cry.
He says that he can't help.
She says that she can't help.
He says he's taught French.
She says she's taught French.
He says he's ready to help.
She says she's ready to help.
He says he's not tired yet.
She says she's not tired yet.
He says he's not concerned.
She says she's not concerned.
He says he's learned a lot.
She says she's learned a lot.
He says he's healthy again.
She says she's healthy again.
He says he's good at chess.
She says she's good at chess.
He says he's feeling tired.
She says she's feeling tired.
He says he'll do just that.
She says she'll do just that.
He says he'll come at once.
She says she'll come at once.
He says he'd rather not go.
She says she'd rather not go.
He says he'd never do that.
She says she'd never do that.
He says he won't come back.
She says she won't come back.
He says he wants to change.
She says she wants to change.
He says he used to do that.
She says she used to do that.
He says he needs more time.
She says she needs more time.
He says he likes marigolds.
She says she likes marigolds.
He says he isn't tired yet.
She says she isn't tired yet.
He says he isn't giving up.
She says she isn't giving up.
He says he has a lot to do.
She says she has a lot to do.
He says he doesn't do that.
She says she doesn't do that.
He says he does that a lot.
She says she does that a lot.
He says he can't stay long.
She says she can't stay long.
He says he can't sing well.
She says she can't sing well.
He says he can write songs.
She says she can write songs.
He says he can change that.
She says she can change that.
He said what he meant.
She said what she meant.
He said that he's unbiased.
She said that she's unbiased.
He said that he's unafraid.
She said that she's unafraid.
He said that he's ticklish.
She said that she's ticklish.
He said that he's prepared.
She said that she's prepared.
He said that he's not busy.
She said that she's not busy.
He said that he's innocent.
She said that she's innocent.
He said that he's grateful.
She said that she's grateful.
He said that he's confused.
She said that she's confused.
He said that he's Canadian.
She said that she's Canadian.
He said that he'll help us.
She said that she'll help us.
He said that he'll do that.
She said that she'll do that.
He said that he'd kill you.
She said that she'd kill you.
He said that he'd complain.
She said that she'd complain.
He said that he'd call you.
She said that she'd call you.
He said that he'd been ill.
She said that she'd been ill.
He said that he'd be there.
She said that she'd be there.
He said that he'd be early.
She said that she'd be early.
He said that he would wait.
She said that she would wait.
He said that he would help.
She said that she would help.
He said that he would come.
She said that she would come.
He said that he wasn't sad.
She said that she wasn't sad.
He said that he wasn't mad.
She said that she wasn't mad.
He said that he was unhurt.
She said that she was unhurt.
He said that he was thirty.
She said that she was thirty.
He said that he was strong.
She said that she was strong.
He said that he was sleepy.
She said that she was sleepy.
He said that he was single.
She said that she was single.
He said that he was scared.
She said that she was scared.
He said that he was lonely.
She said that she was lonely.
He said that he was eating.
She said that she was eating.
He said that he was amused.
She said that she was amused.
He said that he was afraid.
She said that she was afraid.
He said that he understood.
She said that she understood.
He said that he liked snow.
She said that she liked snow.
He said that he liked rain.
She said that she liked rain.
He said that he isn't sick.
She said that she isn't sick.
He said that he isn't busy.
She said that she isn't busy.
He said that he had a plan.
She said that she had a plan.
He said that he had a cold.
She said that she had a cold.
He said that he felt woozy.
She said that she felt woozy.
He said that he felt tired.
She said that she felt tired.
He said that he felt lucky.
She said that she felt lucky.
He said that he felt hated.
She said that she felt hated.
He said that he felt happy.
She said that she felt happy.
He said that he felt great.
She said that she felt great.
He said that he felt dizzy.
She said that she felt dizzy.
He said that he felt alone.
She said that she felt alone.
He said that he feels sick.
She said that she feels sick.
He said that he feels good.
She said that she feels good.
He said that he feels fine.
She said that she feels fine.
He said that he enjoyed it.
She said that she enjoyed it.
He said that he didn't win.
She said that she didn't win.
He said that he didn't cry.
She said that she didn't cry.
He said he's ready to help.
She said she's ready to help.
He said he's quit drinking.
She said she's quit drinking.
He said he's been forgiven.
She said she's been forgiven.
He said he'll probably win.
She said she'll probably win.
He said he'll probably cry.
She said she'll probably cry.
He said he'll do that soon.
She said she'll do that soon.
He said he'd never seen it.
She said she'd never seen it.
He said he'd never do that.
She said she'd never do that.
He said he'd do that later.
She said she'd do that later.
He said he'd do that again.
She said she'd do that again.
He said he'd come tomorrow.
She said she'd come tomorrow.
He said he'd call tomorrow.
She said she'd call tomorrow.
He said he'd been betrayed.
She said she'd been betrayed.
He said he'd be right over.
She said she'd be right over.
He said he'd be right back.
She said she'd be right back.
He said he'd be ready soon.
She said she'd be ready soon.
He said he won't go ashore.
She said she won't go ashore.
He said he wasn't offended.
She said she wasn't offended.
He said he wasn't finished.
She said she wasn't finished.
He said he wasn't Canadian.
She said she wasn't Canadian.
He said he was very sleepy.
She said she was very sleepy.
He said he was very lonely.
She said she was very lonely.
He said he was very hungry.
She said she was very hungry.
He said he was unimpressed.
She said she was unimpressed.
He said he was unconvinced.
She said she was unconvinced.
He said he was sympathetic.
She said she was sympathetic.
He said he was ready to go.
She said she was ready to go.
He said he was pessimistic.
She said she was pessimistic.
He said he was over thirty.
She said she was over thirty.
He said he was heartbroken.
She said she was heartbroken.
He said he was feeling bad.
She said she was feeling bad.
He said he was embarrassed.
She said she was embarrassed.
He said he was disoriented.
