Sami doesn't know what he did to deserve that.
Layla asked Salima to be her maid of honor at her wedding.
Layla talked to her husband.
Sami talked to his wife.
Sami kept messaging Layla but he wasn't getting anything back.
Sami talked to his friends.
Sami wanted to buy a house after his honeymoon.
Sami and Layla spent their honeymoon in Egypt.
Sami freaked out on Layla.
Sami was causing a scene.
Sami is yelling and screaming.
Sami did it once.
Sami is super drunk.
Sami and Layla went outside.
Sami happened to be walking in front of Layla.
Sami turned around and asked Layla why she was following him.
Sami knew what he did.
Sami kept asking Layla that question.
Sami is still talking about it.
Sami still doesn't know what exactly happened.
Sami said it wasn't his fault.
Sami was rejected.
Sami feels rejected.
Sami should try again.
Sami isn't only a good friend.
Sami didn't do anything to Layla to deserve that.
Sami should be mindful of the way he treats other people.
Sami lost a lot of self-confidence after that incident.
Sami went off on Layla and calld her all the worst names.
Sami completely shook my confidence in myself.
Sami got even more upset.
Sami can't let people treat him as a doormat.
Sami can't let this go on.
Sami considered this as a breakup.
Sami didn't even say goodbye.
Sami finds this really hard.
Sami wants to see more videos.
Tom went to Austria to study koalas in their natural environment.
Sami wanted to take a break.
Sami is getting married in a few months.
Sami was getting married in six months.
Sami talked about his wedding.
Sami and Layla had a big expensive wedding.
Tom was diagnosed with ASD.
Sami thinks that big expensive weddings are just a waste of money.
Sami's parents are paying for his wedding.
Sami wanted to have a big wedding.
Layla wanted to have a big over-the-top wedding.
Sami loves cruises.
Sami goes on cruises twice a year.
Sami and Layla got married on a cruise.
Sami didn't want to come.
Sami went on a cruise.
Sami is getting married on a cruise.
Sami and Layla wanted to get married on a cruise.
Layla chose her maid of honor.
Layla chose some of her best friends to be her bridesmaids.
Sami was very excited about that.
Sami said he wasn't really sure.
Sami said he was not really sure.
Sami was looking at Layla's dress.
Sami likes Layla's dress.
Sami bought Layla a wedding dress.
Sami bought Layla a wonderful wedding dress.
Sami found a good deal online.
Sami showed Layla the dress.
Sami found an affordable dress.
Sami was so busy.
What do you usually do with your friends?
Layla bought another dress.
Layla still hasn't bought a wedding dress.
Layla bought a small dress.
Sami had to do that again.
The lift seems to be out of order.
At nine in the evening, we visited the Anne Frank House.
Tom went to Austria, but he didn't see any kangaroos.
Do you want to cuddle a koala? Come to Austria!
Tom is a caregiver of a special needs child.
Tom is severely autistic, but verbal.
Tom has ASD and ADHD.
Tom was diagnosed with ASD when he was three.
At 6pm yesterday, he was at work.
This time, the nuclear test failed.
The plane is about to land.
My name is Xiao Yu.
Sami and Layla wanted to hang out.
Sami found this pretty irritating.
Sami didn't hear anything from Layla.
Sami tried to make plans with Layla.
Sami would never get back to me.
Sami was really irritated.
Sami found this so difficult.
Sami needed to calm down and not get mad about it.
Sami tried to reach out to Layla again.
Sami needs to be kind when he talks to Layla.
Sami and Layla want to get together.
Sami is heading up to Layla's area.
Sami didn't hear from Layla.
Sami didn't hear from Layla for the next couple of weeks.
Sami sounded like selfish.
Sami and Layla wanted to get together on the weekend.
Sami wasn't on Layla's wedding.
Sami was trying to convince Layla to stop smoking weed.
Sami got married in June.
Layla went to get her hair done.
Layla's sister was her hairdresser.
Layla's haidresser was her best friend.
Sami always says this to Layla.
Sami did that again.
Sami made an another attempt to hang out with Layla.
Sami was trying to be nice about it.
Sami made multiple attempts to contact Layla.
Sami bought a dress for Layla.
Layla came in to get her hair done a few weeks ago.
Sami and Layla go to the gym every Saturday.
Sami was just fed up.
Sami made the decision right then and there.
Sami is not having Layla at his wedding.
Sami should have asked Layla.
Sami was thinking about it.
Sami got back from vacation.
Sami was approaching his wedding.
Sami completely agrees with me.
Sami doesn't have Layla's message anymore.
Sami is just really disappointed.
Sami sent Layla a simple message.
Sami doesn't like confrontation.
Layla doesn't like drama.
Sami wrote Layla back.
Sami considered inviting Layla to his wedding party.
Sami was upset about it.
Sami felt so much better after he did that.
Sami was so happy about that.
Sami learned who his real friends were.
Sami has moved on and has learned.
Sami doesn't want you in his life anymore.
Sami is better off alone.
Sami won't agree with me.
Sami was still making attempts to contact Layla.
Sami has known Layla for sixteen years.
Sami gave details about that.
Sami likes these kinds of videos.
Sami was welcoming the guests.
Sami was the florist for our wedding.
Sami needed flowers.
Sami was our family florist.
Sami did a wonderful job.
Sami nearly cried.
Sami created magic with flowers.
Sami doesn't have to worry about this.
Sami made an appointment with the florist.
Sami was so busy at work.
Sami was traveling.
Sami bought Layla six red roses.
Unfortunately, the character you play is killed off at the very start of the play.
Tom lives in the very heart of the city.
Fresh blows the breeze, and broader grows the bay, / and on the cliffs is seen Minerva's fane.
He has something for you.
It's a day like any other.
We furl the sails, and shoreward row amain. / Eastward the harbour arches, scarce descried. / Two jutting rocks, by billows lashed in vain, / stretch out their arms the narrow mouth to hide. / Far back the temple stands, and seems to shun the tide.
Tom has a hostile attitude.
Sami knows what Layla wants.
Sami was supposed to send us a price estimate.
Sami got the price list.
Sami spent a month trying to call Layla.
Sami paid for the wedding himself.
Sami got his price estimate.
Sami mailed the price list to Layla's address.
Sami couldn't believe how expensive those flowers were.
Sami's flowers cost a third of the wedding budget.
Sami received lots of flowers on his wedding day.
Sami doesn't have time to write this.
Layla's sister was her maid of honor.
Sami invited Layla and six other family members to the wedding.
Sami was feeling OK after that.
Sami called Layla six days before his wedding.
Sami went on a cruise in the Carribean.
Sami can pay the bill tomorrow.
Sami gave Layla his credit card number.
Sami didn't come to take the flowers.
Sami has to pay for this.
Sami was a little late.
Sami's phone wasn't working.
Sami made sure everything was set up right.
Sami will make another video.
Sami was trying to get some of that stuff done.
Sami took the flowers to the living room.
Sami took Layla's flowers upstairs.
Sami put Layla's bouquet in his room.
Sami bought Layla a wonderful bouquet.
Sami tried so hard to keep himself together.
Layla saw her future husband.
Sami was trying to keep his cool.
Sami doesn't want to say anything.
Sami's bouquet was ugly as hell.
Sami knows nothing about flowers.
Sami ordered flowers.
Sami ordered a bouquet.
Sami's bouquet cost six hundred dollars.
Sami brought the bouquet in.
Sami was already freaking out.
Sami has already taken his anxiety medication.
Sami took his anxiety medication.
Sami didn't want to think about it.
Sami was too busy trying to fix the computer.
Sami was trying to get ready.
Sami was ready to take pictures.
Sami took pictures with Layla.
Sami ruined the birthday party.
Sami hit Layla on her wedding day.
Sami was arrested on his wedding day.
Sami savagely beat his sister on his wedding day.
Sami was arrested on his sister's wedding day.
Layla married an extremely violent man.
Sami tried to make the bouquet look nice.
Sami hates these flowers.
Sami put the bouquet all together.
Sami was a total asshole.
Sami's flowers dried out.
Sami wrote several reviews about the movie.
Sami could have done better himself.
Sami doesn't have any interesting stories to tell.
Sami's story has been all over the news.
Sami's story has been all over Facebook.
Sami and Layla live in Egypt.
Sami remembers it perfectly.
Sami arrived for his appointment.
Sami arrived with six other people.
Sami had a style consultant.
Layla wanted to try the dress on.
Layla was trying on the dresses.
Layla tried on the dress twice.
Layla tried on the dress several times.
Layla tried on several dresses.
Sami can't describe how nice Layla was.
Sami paid for that dress in full.
Sami bought Layla an expensive dress.
Sami was over twice my age.
Sami is wrong.
Sami hired a sales consultant.
Sami is taking Layla's money.
Layla paid for the wedding dress in full.
Sami couldn't wait to see Layla in that wedding dress.
Layla didn't try that dress on again.
Layla didn't try the dress on in that store.
Sami came out of the meeting.
Sami asked Layla where she got her wedding dress from.
Layla didn't get her dress from that store.
Sami closed his clothing store down.
Sami's clothing store closed down.
Sami closed his other store down.
Sami closed his store.
Sami's store was closing.
Sami came out of work.
Sami went to Layla's store.
Sami also told me the same thing.
Sami had to close his store down.
Sami wanted to grow his hair long.
Sami's store was empty.
Sami stuck a note on the window.
Sami left Layla some money.
Sami and Layla were trying to do the same thing.
Sami was filming a new video.
Sami asked Layla what the cross meant.
Sami didn't even place an order.
Sami didn't even order a dress.
Sami processed the payment.
Sami was sent a form to fill out.
Sami's bank sent him a form to fill out.
Sami placed an order for six suits.
Sami can't just decide overnight.
Sami was fully aware of the situation.
Sami continued to take appointments and take people's orders and money.
Sami disappeared from Cairo.
Sami never took responsibility for what he had done.
Sami was left panicking.
Sami had enough time to rectify things.
Sami didn't know where the dress was.
Sami saved the good news until the end.
Sami stayed at work.
Sami lives about minutes away from me.
Sami placed the order.
Sami is an absolute angel.
Sami replied to the message.
Sami doesn't need to post things like these.
Sami just wants to say a few things.
Sami ruined the lives of so many people;
Sami should have stopped taking appointments.
Sami should have stopped taking orders.
Sami should have stopped taking people's money.
Sami was talking to his wedding photographers.
Sami has seen Layla's other videos.
Sami has another story about this.
Sami couldn't get himself to do it.
Layla was a hairstylist.
Sami was thinking about this.
Sami finds this so ridiculous.
Layla had her hair bleeched.
Sami is coming, too.
Sami kept using that computer.
Sami can't say no to this.
Sami changed my life.
Sami wanted to give Layla a chance.
Sami enjoyed his work.
Sami wanted to give Layla a second chance.
Sami begged Layla to give him another chance.
Layla booked a consultation.
Sami drove Layla to the hair salon.
Sami loves the place.
Sami lived in a beautiful house.
Sami does a good job.
Sami walked up to the receptionist.
Sami wanted coffee.
Sami offered Layla coffee.
Layla was the assistant of the stylist.
Layla is the assistant of the haistylist.
Layla is getting her hair done.
Sami's hair was in a bad condition.
Layla misses having long hair.
Layla's hair was really long and strong.
Layla was talking about her hair.
Sami was reading a magazine.
Sami was not very happy.
Sami started rolling his eyes.
Sami didn't do anything to you.
Sami gave a pretty simple explanation.
Sami doesn't think Layla is a hairstylist.
Sami was looking at my hair.
Sami wanted to touch my hair.
Sami wasn't talking in terms that I understood.
Sami didn't know specific hairstyling terms.
Sami didn't expect Layla to do this.
Layla will do Salima's hair.
Tom is 13, but he still believes in Santa.
Layla got her hair done at Salima's salon.
Layla went to Salima's salon to ger her hair done.
Layla is doing her hair.
Layla was doing her hair in the bathroom.
Layla was dying her hair.
Layla bleeched her hair again.
Layla charged Salima six hundred dollars for that.
Layla's hair was already bleeched.
Sami got a haircut.
Sami gets a haircut every month.
Sami refused to work with Layla.
Sami is a psychopath.
Sami just turned around and left.
Sami went to the receptionist and checked out.
Sami needs to book an appointment first.
Sami booked an appointment for Saturday.
Sami booked an appointment for Layla.
Sami doesn't want to be there.
Sami may have to wait for another month.
Sami has to think about it.
Sami didn't even explain why.
Sami never called the police.
Sami was terrible.
Sami and Layla are so crazy.
Mennad booked an appointment.
Sami didn't cut his hair.
Sami had his hair dyed.
Sami has to be next to Layla.
Sami has to stand next to Layla.
Sami had to sit next to Layla.
Sami can see it.
Layla went to another hair salon.
Sami can follow Layla on Twitter.
Sami's link took Layla to a porn website.
Layla loves having pink hair.
Layla had pink hair at the time.
Sami wanted to go to another hair salon.
Sami wanted to get that fixed.
Sami is calling that number.
Sami was on the phone with that lady.
Sami is on the phone with Layla.
Sami doesn't really understand this.
Sami has a very basic understanding of this.
Sami doesn't know anything about girls.
Sami was totally OK with that.
Sami was done processing the payment.
Sami dyed his hair blue.
Sami had a stack of magazines to read.
Sami had stacks of old newspapers in his room.
Sami didn't have any hair on his head at all.
Layla messed up Salima's hair.
Sami's hair was falling off.
Sami was losing his hair.
Sami burned Layla's hair.
Sami felt that burning sensation.
Sami didn't feel anything at all.
Layla trusts her hairdresser.
Layla trusted her hairstylist.
Layla spent six hours at the hair salon.
Sami still has hair.
Sami is completely bald.
Sami wants to do this again.
Sami said this on the phone.
Sami was just so scared.
Sami was dreading this whole thing.
Sami was just mortified.
Sami is so terrified.
Sami's hair was blue.
Sami didn't want this at all.
Sami was so panicked.
Sami took a picture of Layla's hair for his portfolio.
Sami has wasted all this time doing nothing.
Sami has wasted all this time learning nothing.
Layla ruined Salima's hair.
Sami's hair was so terrible.
Sami's hair will take forever to grow back.
Sami got his money back.
Sami asked for his money back.
Sami's hair looked fine.
Sami got the money.
Sami didn't want to deal with that anymore.
Sami's hair was almost black.
Sami's hair was so bad.
Sami's hair is still healing.
Sami hates air conditioners.
Sami has to sit away from the air conditioner.
Sami never turns the air conditioner on.
Sami's air conditioner is broken.
Sami didn't really know that.
Sami loved having his hair blue.
Sami is kind of terrified of this.
Sami continued watching the video.
Sami is in a very bad mood.
Sami should proceed with caution.
Layla had a terrible experience at that hair salon.
Sami kept watching.
Layla wanted to get her hair dyed.
Layla wanted to get her hair trimmed.
Layla got her hair trimmed.
Layla booked a hair appointment.
Sami was feeling really fine.
Sami figured out this alone.
Layla could have trimmed her hair herself.
Sami didn't seem very confident.
Sami sat down in that chair.
Layla came in for a hair trim.
Layla can trim Salima's hair.
Sami is doing this.
Sami didn't purchase any products from the hair salon.
Sami didn't have any intention to get anything from the hair salon.
Sami's hair was so soft.
Sami recommended Layla some products.
Sami's hair felt super silky.
Sami's hair feels silky.
Sami revealed many interesting things in his video.
Sami was brushing his hair.
Sami cut his finger.
Sami cut his finger and went to get a bandaid.
Sami's bloody bandaid fell onto Layla's desk.
Sami pretended like he didn't see the condom.
Sami was brushing Layla's hair.
Layla has been brushing her hair for half an hour.
Sami wasn't even done yet.
Layla's hair trip took over an hour.
Sami didn't do anything with it.
Sami loves Layla's long hair.
Sami didn't have a single clue about that.
Sami was brushing my hair.
Sami's heart sank to his stomach.
Sami finished brushing his hair.
Layla was finally done with her hair.
Sami let Layla see the puppies.
Layla's hair was down to her belly button.
Layla's hair was her baby.
Layla was very protective about her hair.
Sami learned his lesson the hard way.
Sami should never say no to this.
Sami has plenty of money.
Sami's wig well on Layla's lap.
Sami had a bad haircut.
Sami was resting his hand on the table.
Sami was resting his arm on that shelf.
Sami liked his hair that way.
Sami became a famous YouTuber.
Sami was burping all the time.
Sami collected wigs.
Sami's wig fell off.
Sami wore his wig out.
Sami didn't wear his wig on a daily basis.
Sami's hair was growing back.
Sami's hair looked a mess.
Sami wanted to cut his hair really short.
Layla had Salima in 2006.
Layla has just given birth.
Layla had Salima last month.
Sami goes there all the time.
Layla goes to that salon to get extensions.
Layla goes to that salon all the time.
Sami likes Farid's haircut.
Sami will go there.
Sami called Layla's hair salon.
Sami got Layla a deal.
Sami got Layla a good deal.
Layla was nursing her baby every two hours.
Sami was in a hurry.
Sami explained Layla his situation.
Layla was still nursing.
Layla got her hair done at that salon.
Sami went there the very next day.
Sami was fifteen minutes early.
Sami came up to the door.
Layla went inside the salon.
Sami was in the back of the room.
Sami was sitting in the lobby area.
Sami was reading a magazine in the lobby area.
Sami started to explain why he was there.
Layla called one of the salon people to come and do Salima's hair.
Sami will come in soon.
Sami sat there by himself for ten minutes.
Sami went to get donuts.
Sami was the owner of the hair salon.
Sami sat at the front desk, eating peanuts.
Sami waited for Layla while she was washing her hair.
Layla spent six hours in the shower.
Sami left for a little.
Sami was on his iPad.
Sami was texting his sister.
Sami does a really good job.
Sami was asking Layla strange questions.
Sami uploaded a picture of Layla.
Layla gets her hair done every Saturday.
Sami will be with you in five minutes.
Layla came in to do my hair.
Sami will drop me off.
Sami wasn't supposed to come today.
Sami was Layla's age.
Sami was getting her hair done.
Sami went over to the other side of the salon.
Layla just wanted to get her hair done.
Sami hasn't finished.
Layla started straightening Salima's hair.
Layla's boyfriend was a drug dealer.
Sami was cheating on his girlfriend.
Layla wanted her hair to be really short.
Layla has just been born.
Sami showed Layla a few pictures that he had on Instagram.
Layla wanted her hair really short.
Layla wants her hair really short.
Sami had a tiny towel wrapped around his neck.
Sami handed Layla a mirror.
Sami wants to touch Layla's hair.
Sami hoped Layla knew what she was doing.
Sami's hair looks alright.
Sami gave Layla back the mirror.
Layla was still straightening Salima's hair.
Sami gave Layla his business card.
Sami got out of Layla's hair salon.
Sami's mouth dropped open.
Sami doesn't even notice that.
Sami's hair is ridiculously ugly.
Sami put up his hoodie.
Sami didn't want anyone to see his hair.
Sami hates Layla's hair.
Sami's haircut is not that bad.
Sami's haircut isn't that bad.
Sami let Layla see his haircut.
Sami's hair looks a mess.
Sami's hair looks OK.
Sami's hair looks fine.
Layla could fix Salima's hair.
Layla didn't like that salon.
Sami doesn't want Layla to go back to that salon.
Sami's hair was just a mess.
Sami's hair is a mess.
Sami tried to cut his hair.
Sami wore a wig.
Sami wore a stupid wig.
Sami's hair looked bad.
Sami's hair looked horrible.
Sami's hair looks better now.
Sami's hair looks better.
Sami is the owner of the salon.
Layla wouldn't recommend that hair salon to anyone.
Sami wears his wig all the time.
Sami wore his wig all the time and he loved it.
Sami started wearing wigs.
Sami never wore a wig.
Sami was a cosmetologist.
Sami had never done this before.
Sami and Layla use the same hair products.
Sami is interested in seeing this.
Sami kept on watching.
Layla came to Salima to get her hair done.
Layla wanted to go back to her natural hair color.
Sami has no idea what I am talking about.
Sami has no idea what I'm talking about.
Sami showed the product to Layla.
Sami's hair was a little bit darker.
Sami probably has no idea what that means.
Sami wasn't exaggerating.
Sami was robbed of thousands of dollars.
Layla's jewelry was stolen.
Sami doesn't like to live with secrets.
Sami wasn't hiding anything.
Sami's dirty secrets were eating away at him.
Sami tried to make excuses.
Sami is really naive.
Sami was really naive and liked to believe that everyone was a nice person.
Sami hates that more.
Sami just listened.
Sami said that Layla was a liar.
Sami stole so much from Layla.
Sami needed those things.
Sami is not upset about that.
Sami was so hurt.
Sami moved across the country from Ontario to British Columbia.
Sami was planning on selling the furniture.
Sami wanted a country house.
Sami wanted to live in a cottage.
Sami wanted to live in the countryside.
Sami bought an apartment in Cairo.
Layla had boxes of makeup.
Layla buys a lot of makeup with her own money.
Sami buys Layla a lot of makeup.
Layla loves makeup.
Sami gave the cops some names.
Sami hung out with crappy people.
Sami was done in time.
Sami was able to pack everything himself.
Sami should have let us know.
Sami is in the living room.
Sami wished he had done this.
Sami doesn't want this to happen to anybody else.
Sami offered the cops drinks.
Sami lived in a big house.
Sami was living in a studio apartment.
Sami was a rich guy.
Layla loves beauty products.
Sami hasn't even thought about it.
Sami offered the construction workers drinks.
Sami never offers guests alcoholic drinks.
Sami doesn't drink wine.
Sami just doesn't like to talk about this.
Sami is so proud of it.
Sami's wife loved makeup.
Sami sat there, thinking.
Sami sold makeup products.
Sami sold beauty products online.
Sami took the boxes to Layla.
Sami was so nice to me.
Sami is so nice to Layla.
Sami was playing music and laughing.
Sami was so stressed out.
Sami was doing the work so quickly.
Sami is very professional.
Sami isn't smart.
Sami paid a lot of money for that move.
Sami was constantly offering drinks to his guests.
Sami deserves recognition for this.
Sami gave Layla a lot.
Sami is talking to them.
Sami talked to them about this.
Sami labeled every box.
Sami had boxes and boxes full of things.
Sami has a storage unit in that buidling.
Sami's boxes were marked and tagged.
Sami wouldn't be able to steal anything from Layla.
Sami packed the bins.
Sami didn't think twice about it.
Sami never texted me.
Sami agreed to do that.
Sami thought everyone was nice.
Sami stayed in Cairo for like a week.
Sami got very angry with me.
Sami wasn't polite.
Sami will handle it later.
Sami talked a lot.
Sami needs you to sign this paper.
Sami isn't signing anything.
Sami counted the boxes.
Sami counted the boxes twice.
Sami started calling the company.
Sami gave the box to Layla.
Sami put Layla makeup into a different box.
Sami's boxes were gone.
Sami's boxes were missing.
Sami lost half of his luggage.
Sami was missing a lot of stuff.
Sami's suitcases were gone.
Sami blamed it on Layla.
Sami started going through all the boxes.
Sami doesn't have any other option.
Sami didn't accuse anyone of anything.
Sami would never call anyone a liar.
Sami would never call anyone a thief.
Sami stole Layla's tiny suitcase.
Sami had two dogs in his back seat.
Sami bought a new watch.
Sami bought himself a watch.
Sami's watch was gone.
Sami didn't do a very intelligent thing.
Sami's perfumes were missing.
Sami didn't document where everything was.
Sami's perfumes were gone.
Sami packed that box separately.
Sami things that were very sentimental for him in that box.
Sami called at midnight.
Sami made a very comprehensive list of the items.
Sami didn't lose a box.
Sami didn't lose any box.
Sami's perfume was stolen.
Sami lost a suitcase.
Sami's suitcase has a tag on it.
Sami's suitcase was tagged.
Sami's suitcase wasn't documented.
Sami found this really crappy.
Sami doesn't even understand how this is possible.
Sami said this happened to him.
Sami could have done something to prevent that.
Sami shouldn't pack his things in front of Layla's kids.
Sami shouldn't pack his things in front of his roommates.
Sami moved across the country.
Sami shouldn't pack his things in front of Farid.
Sami bought the most expensive perfumes.
Layla needed a new foundation.
Sami let Layla know what he put in the suitcase.
Sami shouldn't have put that camera in the suitcase.
Sami asked Layla to move out that night.
Sami filmed the video for YouTube.
Sami filmed the video yesterday.
Sami filmed the video for his YouTube channel.
Sami had a really good experience with his roommates.
Sami hoped that.
Sami never uses a computer mouse.
Sami was trying to figure out where Layla lived.
Sami set Layla a trap.
Sami was living there permanently.
Sami lived in one of Layla's apartment.
Sami shared the kitchen.
Sami's bedroom was the size of a closet.
Sami's bedroom was very small.
Sami's bedroom was ridiculously small.
Sami saw Layla's apartment.
Sami needed to make a decision.
Sami invited Layla to the wedding.
Sami had to move into the apartment.
Sami helped Layla move.
Sami was moving in.
Sami seems nice.
Sami's roommate came back.
Sami got there later on.
Sami helped Layla move her stuff.
Sami acted like he was not there.
Sami acted like he wasn't there.
Sami just continued to talk and talk and talk.
Sami didn't smile.
Sami didn't try to say anything.
Sami didn't even try to say anything.
Sami is a talkative person.
Sami saw Layla almost every day.
Sami had a racist roommate.
Sami won't be able to stay there.
Sami wouldn't be able to stay there.
Sami had no cleaning skills.
Sami took out the trash.
Sami has already taken the trash out.
Sami threw stuff everywhere.
Sami made his own meals.
Sami didn't really have time.
Sami's entire apartment smelt awful.
Sami's apartment stank.
Sami left food scaps on the counters.
Sami left crumbs all over the floor.
Sami sat on the counter.
Sami stood on the counter.
Sami left the kitchen a mess.
Sami hates roaches.
Sami left food and stuff everywhere.
Sami cleaned up the kitchen.
Sami was still in the kitchen.
Sami cleaned up everything.
Sami was cleaning up the kitchen.
Sami bought some cleaning supplies.
Sami came to wash the dishes.
Sami washed the dishes.
Sami has two roommates.
Sami was going to wait.
Sami's kitchen got dirty again.
Sami cleaned the kitchen up again.
Sami did that on multiple occasions.
Sami doesn't know what Layla wants him to do.
Sami broke his toe.
Sami wanted to know how Layla broke her toe.
Sami won't tell you. That's private.
Sami's toe was still hurting.
Sami's toe was broken.
Sami was limping around.
Sami was waiting to see the doctor.
Sami lives in the other room.
Sami didn't know what bleech was.
Sami was with his roommate.
Sami was hanging out with his roommates.
Sami just didn't care at all.
Sami messages his roommate.
Sami didn't even ask me if I was OK.
Sami was afraid of heights.
Sami got irritated.
Sami knows that some people have fears.
Sami was causing even more issues.
Sami moved his bed into the living room.
Sami's living room is next to the kitchen.
Sami's living room is a mess.
Sami broke his fricking toe.
Sami wouldn't survive this.
Sami had no issue with Layla.
Sami got a six-day break.
Sami was enjoying his three-day weekend.
Sami broke his foot.
Sami said that he broke his toe.
Sami broke his toe, not his leg.
Sami and Layla didn't have sex in that house.
Sami and Layla never had sex in that hotel room.
Sami came in and turned on the lights.
Sami woke up earlier than I did.
Sami turned on the lights in the living room.
Sami turned the lights of the living room.
Sami was trying to sleep.
Sami sat at the kitchen table.
Sami and Layla were playing a card game.
Sami was trying to walk.
Sami was planning on moving out that summer.
Sami got approved.
Sami didn't tell his roommates.
Sami was messing with Layla's things.
Sami is moving out this day.
Sami doesn't remember what it was.
Sami moved out six days later.
Sami is going to finish this story tomorrow.
Sami finished his video inside.
Sami knows the combination to the safe.
Sami needed to go to bed early.
Sami didn't get home until six.
Sami was watching Spiderman.
Layla loves Disney princesses.
Sami needs to get some work done.
Sami doesn't really enjoy that.
Layla started to do her hair.
Sami needs to wash his hair.
Sami's clothes were on the toilet.
Sami has a huge storage closet.
Sami has a tiny apartment in Cairo.
Sami had a tiny apartment.
Sami's room was a bit larger.
Sami wasn't working.
Sami hates wasps.
Sami's clothes were on the floor.
Sami's YouTube video's are getting pretty long.
Sami doesn't need to move out.
Sami had a bad roommate.
Sami had issues with his roommate.
Sami is very calm.
Sami is very patient.
Sami's kitchen was always disgusting.
Sami asked Layla and Farid to have another meeting.
Sami didn't want to do his chores.
Sami is taking out the trash.
Sami left Layla a nicely worded message.
Tom is seeking an ASD diagnosis for his son.
Sami was getting his stuff out of the kitchen.
Sami was very old.
Sami didn't like Layla either.
Sami decided to stay.
Sami decided to stay there.
Sami's shower curtain was disgusting.
Sami's story was very boring.
Sami left the towel on the floor in the hallway.
Sami's towels stank.
Sami's towels are wet and stink.
Sami is trying to be nice.
Sami put the condoms on the counter.
Sami left the condoms on the counter.
Sami had to move out.
Sami and Layla don't know each other.
Sami and Layla do not know each other.
Sami and Layla come from the same town.
Sami and Layla were incoming freshmen.
Sami and Layla met each other in Cairo.
Sami and Layla didn't really talk much after that.
Sami and Layla started to develop a friendship.
Sami and Layla started going to dinner together.
Sami was over here.
Sami will bring Layla with him.
Sami was nervous meeting new people.
Sami was judgmental.
Sami just brushed off his shoulders.
Sami ran errands for Layla.
Sami had a very nice roommate.
Sami's shoes didn't fit Layla.
Sami needed to return those shoes.
Sami took Layla to the mall to return those shoes.
Sami drove Layla to the mall to return those shoes.
Sami can't take Layla to the mall today.
Sami was hanging out with them more and more.
Layla started creating some drama in school.
Sami asked Layla for advice.
Sami gave Layla some advice.
Sami was treating Layla so badly.
Sami kept hanging out with them.
Sami and Layla were not that close.
Sami and Layla weren't that close.
Sami and Layla never had deep conversations.
Sami and Layla were just friends.
Sami didn't seem to care about that.
Sami did not seem to care about that.
Sami was telling me about that.
Sami started messing with Layla.
Sami thought that would be funny.
Sami lived on the sixth floor.
Sami found trash in the hallway.
Sami told them to stop.
Sami wasn't going to stop.
Sami was very immature.
Sami lived across from us.
Sami created this mess.
Sami was kind of pissed.
Sami wanted to do something.
Sami kept denying everything.
However, the work is finished.
I hate you all as you are.
He is waiting for his brother at the river.
I don't remember where you dwel.
Yesterday's weather was very bad.
If you need a pen, I can lend you one.
I need a Ghardia carpet.
They didn't invite her.
He does this perfectly.
Whatever she eats, she will not get a perfect body.
What is happening in Ukraine?
He is younger than me.
Germany declared war on Poland.
I will travel abroad.
How is bread made?
Tom will never forget the moments he passed with Marie.
Today, I went to Wizgan.
Wake up, don't sleep.
Can I sleep?
The teacher who is speaking to you is a very experienced one.
I just want to talk a while with you.
I am years old and I speak fluently languages.
Your sister knows well what I am speaking about.
In Canada, people speak English and French.
She knows speaking French fluently.
I told him to stop speaking, but he goes on.
Where can I talk with you?
I think there still is a chance that'll happen.
My way of looking at things is not at all similar to other people; for a long time, people have criticized my point of view.
Which cities are you all going to?
Why have you come only now?
War is like a raging fire.
A strange woman was standing in the doorway.
It shocked me!
We had an in-depth discussion about the problem.
I may not object to him going.
Too much nitrogen is just as harmful as too little.
His way of thinking is commonplace.
His way of thinking is formulaic.
Crustaceans have antennae.
I didn't know that wasn't supposed to happen.
Hold on! I am coming right now!
They must be carefull.
Values melt like snow in the sun!
He is corrupt.
Layla was a drama queen.
Layla was a drama queen in high school.
Sami was around fifeen or sixteen.
Sami was going into the sophomore year of high school.
Sami has always been a very creative person.
Layla wore rainbow socks.
Sami wanted to dress like those people.
Sami liked gloves.
Sami liked being different.
Sami is still like that today.
Layla used to wear rainbow socks.
Layla used to like gloves.
Sami just did not care what other people thought.
In life, good and evil clash relentlessly.
Sami was living his best life.
Sami wanted to do a change.
Sami changed his look.
Sami lost a lot of hair.
Sami had natural hair.
Sami bought Layla hair products.
Sami would buy Layla hair products.
Sami was on a hair forum.
Sami joined a hair forum.
Sami wanted Layla to take better care of her hair.
Sami left Layla that responsibility.
Sami had to cut his hair.
Sami was serious about that.
Layla's hair has a potential to grow.
Sami was ordered to shave his head.
Sami shaved the back of his head.
Sami know that Layla was one of those people.
Sami didn't care how crazy he looked.
Sami would get picked on by older boys.
Layla looked so cute.
Sami asked Layla about it.
Sami found that stupid.
Sami went shopping for school clothes.
Sami and Layla went shopping together.
Sami was so fashionable.
Sami thought he was so fashionable.
Sami and Layla went on a huge shopping trip.
Layla's hair has grown a little bit since that hair salon incident.
Sami's mom was at work.
Sami has been looking on YouTube for years for this cartoon.
Sami uses YouTube.
Sami uploaded the video yesterday.
Sami wanted to cut his hair.
Sami waited for his mom to come home.
Sami needs to go to the barbershop.
Sami took Layla to the barbershop.
Sami has been thinking of shaving his head.
Layla doesn't trust a lot of people with her hair.
Layla doesn't trust anybody with her hair unless they know what they are doing.
Sami never had a barber's license.
Sami has known Layla for a while.
Layla did her best friend's hair.
Sami doesn't look crazy.
Sami was so dehydrated.
Sami had his whole head shaved.
Sami had his head shaved.
Sami hasn't done this yet.
Sami and Layla were chilling in the cafeteria.
Sami came off the bus.
Sami was taking pictures and putting them on Facebook.
Sami doesn't use Facebook anymore.
Sami said that Facebook died.
Layla is pregnant now.
Sami didn't use Facebook.
Sami was whispering shit about me.
Sami was the talk of the sophomore grade.
Sami was the talk of the high school.
Sami ruined it.
Layla and Salima were cheerleaders.
Sami grew up with Layla.
Layla was super attractive.
Layla and Salima had perfect bodies.
Sami wanted Layla and Salima to be cool with him.
Sami was in love with a cheerleader.
Sami didn't fuck with that.
Sami changed.
Sami is a completely different person than the crazy asshole he was in high school.
Sami is a completely different person now.
Sami is gonna make so much more friends.
Sami is going to make so much more friends.
Sami was in the courtyard.
Sami bounced from clique to clique.
Sami was cool with those people.
Sami's school was very cliqued up.
Sami was dating a white girl.
Sami loved anime.
Sami's clique merged with Layla's.
Layla was holding her ponytail up.
Layla was copying Salima's style.
Layla copied Salima's style.
Layla was the most popular girl in school.
Layla's hair came back so healthy.
Layla's hair grew back so healthy.
Sami went back to his barber.
Sami knows Layla and Salima.
Sami was really involved in that.
Sami was involved in sports.
Sami shaved Layla's head.
Sami has to do his job.
Sami was so fucking heated.
Sami grew his hair back.
Layla and Salima are very pretty.
The goat is the poor man's cow.
Sami made a separate video on that.
Sami was pissed for like a week.
Sami is so pissed off.
Sami imitated little things that Farid did.
Sami would imitate little things that Farid did.
Sami was doing that, too.
Sami inspired Farid to do this.
Sami is in his new apartment.
Sami is in a new environment.
Sami sold the furniture.
Sami sold some of the furniture.
Sami wanted his furniture back.
Sami was a part of the KKK.
Sami came across this information.
Sami got the information he needed.
Sami is a KKK Grand Dragon.
Sami and Layla were having a nice time.
Sami got a call from his brother.
Sami only calls me when something is not right.
Sami started rebelling a lot.
Sami hit Layla up in the middle of the night.
Sami only hits me up when something is fucking wrong.
Sami is turning sixteen in six days.
Sami respects that.
Sami is calling me and I have to pick up.
The pigeon flew away with a message attached to his paw.
Sami is on a cruise.
Sami and Layla are on a cruise.
Sami remembers the name of the documentary.
Sami wanted to marry a Muslim woman.
Sami found a clip of the documentary.
Sami couldn't understand Layla's anger.
Sami was looking for that clip on YouTube.
Sami didn't want to defame anyone.
Sami's neighborhood was on that documentary.
Sami watched the documentary with Layla.
Sami will go over there.
Sami and Layla went over there.
Sami paused the documentary.
Sami was sitting on the couch with the TV paused.
Any carrion lying around is visited by the hyena.
Sami just moved out of that apartment.
Sami sold his apartment to Layla.
Sami was familiar with the area.
Sami's building was right next to Layla's building.
Sami doesn't like Muslims.
Sami said that he didn't like Jewish people.
Sami was so prejudiced towards several races.
Sami doesn't have a problem with black people.
Sami was a neo-Nazi.
Sami said that he didn't like Muslims.
Vultures eat carrion.
Sami went inside Layla's apartment.
Sami had Nazi decorations in his apartment.
Sami had hateful views.
Sami's front bumper was fucked up.
Sami was talking about his status in the KKK.
Sami was a Grand Dragon in the KKK.
Sami is a former KKK member.
Sami was seen in a picture holding an assault rifle.
Sami posted a picture of Layla on Facebook.
Sami was still working at Walmart.
Sami lived in a dorm room.
Sami was making hate speeches.
Sami posted hateful notes around campus.
Sami was super nervous.
The owl hunts the rats.
Sami saw tons of cops in the area.
Sami said that racism was very common in his city.
Sami lives right next to me.
Sami says hello to me in the morning.
Sami saw Layla leaving her apartment.
Sami's video made Layla feel unsafe.
Sami didn't get charged.
Sami makes YouTube videos.
Sami is making a YouTube video.
Sami still has a few months to live here.
Sami took part in an anti-KKK protest.
Sami made a video about this guy.
Sami thinks about it.
Sami talked about it with his mom.
Sami made significant changes.
The owl eats meat.
I don't often eat bananas.
Sami vandalized Layla's car.
Sami noticed little changes.
Sami was interviewing Layla.
Sami was trying to be a little bit more sympathetic.
Sami doesn't even know why he hates certain people.
Sami kept doing it.
Sami brought his kids to KKK meetings.
Sami was happy to move out.
Sami didn't want to be around somebody like that.
Sami didn't know where I lived.
Sami really didn't give a fuck.
Sami was kicked out of the campus.
Sami did a background check on Layla.
Sami allowed Layla to live here.
It seemed like an eternity to me.
Sami wrote a review on that movie.
Aart acted like he didn't notice that Emma was racist.
Sami was OK with that.
Sami wanted to know that.
Sami found out that his neighbor was a Grand Dragon in the KKK.
Sami had very extreme points of view.
Sami found out his neighbor was in the KKK.
Sami thought about his safety.
Sami should think about his safety before he does anything.
Sami can hurt you.
Sami moved far away.
Sami is in an unfamiliar area.
Sami is interested in hearing that.
Sami was interesting in hearing that story.
Sami was invited, too.
Sami e-mailed Layla back, introducing himself.
Sami gave Layla some basic information.
Sami and Layla were discussing what their likes and dislikes were.
Sami and Layla were planning how their room would be.
Sami's building was the only one that didn't have air conditioning.
Sami bought a gigantic fan.
Sami had two fridges.
Sami brought a fridge.
Sami had a big fridge.
Sami came home for six days.
Sami drove Layla up to school.
Sami helped Layla unload her stuff.
Sami checked everything.
Sami and Layla hugged.
Sami hugged Layla.
Sami hugged Layla's mom.
Sami moved into his dorm room.
Sami showed Layla around campus.
Sami had classes in the afternoon.
Sami would wake up at six a.m.
Sami prayed and meditated.
Sami surfed the Internet.
Sami had assignments he had to finish up before class.
Sami had to go to class.
Sami wasn't a morning person.
Sami was not a morning person.
Sami had to take a shower.
Sami needs to get up.
Sami went to class.
Sami had minutes to get to class.
Sami was trying to wake Layla up.
Sami had only one class on Friday.
Sami was taking a nap in the dorm room.
Sami made friends really quickly.
Sami was with his friends.
Sami and Layla came in.
Sami was talking crap about Layla.
Sami is Egyptian-American.
Sami is an international student.
Sami was born in Canada to Egyptian parents.
Sami said very hurfful things.
Sami was very to himself.
Sami was really nice to me.
Sami let Layla and her friends hang out in his room.
Sami isn't staying long.
Sami and Layla wanted to have their privacy.
Sami gave Layla and her friends snacks.
Sami fed Layla and her friends.
Sami was nice to Layla and her friends.
Sami heard her.
Sami can live there.
Sami started getting a massive headache.
Sami carried a bookbag.
Sami's head was pounding.
Sami started clapping.
Sami touched Layla's hand gently.
Sami's body hurt so bad.
Sami can't find Layla anywhere.
Sami is the graduate resident mentor.
Sami was the graduate resident mentor of Layla's dorm.
Sami came with Layla and Salima.
Sami's roommate was there, too.
Sami has to go to the hospital this morning.
Sami tried to call the hospital that Layla was in.
Sami was perfectly fine.
Sami used to get severe headache.
Sami has never had a migraine headache.
Sami didn't call anybody to come pick him up.
Sami was given a taxi voucher to call a taxi.
Sami's taxi was prepaid.
Sami is the nurse who tended to Layla.
Sami wouldn't be here today without Layla.
Sami was sound asleep in his bed.
Sami saw Layla being carried out on a stretcher.
Sami and Layla were freaking out.
Sami was genuinely worried about Layla.
Sami always talked to them.
Sami didn't care where Layla was.
Sami never asked questions.
Sami possibly put something in Layla's food and she didn't know it.
Sami brought Layla food every other week.
Sami and Layla lived in the same building.
Sami and Layla went to get lunch.
Sami went to Layla's room first.
Sami went to his room to drop off his stuff.
Sami was standing at Layla's desk.
Sami ran out of the room.
Sami was completely dumbfounded.
Sami was talking to the hall director.
Sami was the residence hall director.
Sami saw Layla pouring something in his drink.
Sami didn't want to take his backpack to the dining room.
Layla was really a witch.
Sami reported this to the hall director.
Sami requested to be removed from that room.
Sami said that our relationship was fine.
Sami's request was rejected.
Sami didn't trust Layla anymore.
Sami took a nap in Layla's room while she wasn't there.
Sami didn't like Layla napping in his bed.
Sami didn't like Layla napping in his room.
Sami broke into Layla's room to have a nap while she wasn't there.
Sami needed Layla's room.
Sami lives in a diverse area.
Sami was causing Layla problems.
Sami is still talking smack about Layla.
Sami caught Layla talking smack about him.
Sami had a problem with Layal.
Sami wanted to go to sleep at six.
Sami broke everything.
Sami really pissed Layla off.
Sami wasn't doing anything about it.
Sami wanted to be moved to another room.
Sami's hands were tied.
Sami's hands were practically tied.
Sami could see how miserable Layla was.
I usually eat by myself.
Sami doesn't want to deal with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to deal with Layla anymore.
Sami was in the studio, working on the project.
Sami's project requires a lot of time.
Sami found people sleeping in his bed.
Sami was sitting on my desk.
Layla took Salima's makeup without permission.
Layla used Salima's nail polishes without permission.
Layla used Salima's makeup without permission.
Sami came into the room and found the beer.
Sami didn't want to be on disciplinary probation.
Sami didn't bring alcohol into his room.
Sami got sick from the smell of alcohol.
Sami revoked Layla's rights to use his driveway.
Sami was going to the gym six times a week.
Sami was so adamant about losing weight.
Sami cried practically every single day because of that.
Sami's room was really hot.
Sami didn't allow his roommate to use his fridge.
Sami was putting alcohol in Layla's fridge.
Sami and Layla used the same fridge.
Sami took sixty percent of the room.
Sami lived on sixty percent of the room.
Sami moved his stuff back.
Sami got so angry with me.
Sami was hanging out with Layla's friend.
Sami was watching a movie in the lounge.
Sami and his friends were watching the news in the lounge.
Sami went to take a shower.
Sami got undressed.
Sami unlocked the door.
Sami took Layla's towel.
Sami wanted to change his password.
Sami paid the sixty dollars.
Sami did a mini-presentation on a book he read.
Sami asked Layla to read that book.
Sami was in the room.
Sami doesn't know when Layla is getting back.
Sami has a presentation in the morning.
Sami came in about an hour and a half later.
Sami came in with a friend.
Sami and Farid are great friends now.
Sami and Layla were not on good terms.
Sami and Layla weren't on good terms.
Sami found the light switch.
Sami turned on everything.
Sami slammed the door open and that woke Layla up.
Sami was trying to sleep because he had to wake up at six a.m.
Sami got ready for his presentation.
Sami started talking about Layla's hair and how he didn't like it.
Sami was talking crap about me.
Sami decided to confront Layla about it.
Sami came back from the bathroom.
Sami wrung the loofa really well.
Sami's loofa was dripping.
Sami didn't wring his loofa well.
Sami's loofa was still wet.
Sami came back screaming.
Sami is not the type of person to physically hurt people.
Sami isn't the type of person to physically hurt people.
Sami got really angry.
Sami is not to be trusted.
Sami isn't to be trusted.
Sami is literally insane.
Sami didn't love Layla.
Sami was fighting with other people.
Sami came to fight me twice.
Sami tried to get away from Layla.
Sami didn't try to do anything.
Sami isn't listening to you.
Sami is trying to help you.
Sami brought his dad here to come and fight me.
Sami came to fight me.
Sami came on Saturday to make sure Layla were there.
Sami threatened Layla again.
Sami won't be able to get into any school in the state.
Sami will sue Layla.
Sami decided to sue Layla.
Sami doesn't know what's up.
Sami was standing in front of his mirror.
Sami was complaining about how fat he was.
Sami wondered why Layla hated him so much.
Layla was skinny and pretty.
Sami had a good relationship with his siblings.
Sami has problems.
Sami has a lot of self-esteem issues.
Sami had a lot of self-esteem issues when he was in high school.
Sami was also shy.
Sami was very psychologically abusive to Layla.
Sami is really jealous.
Layla was very jealous of Salima.
Layla was jealous of Salima.
Sami had bipolar disorder.
Sami was on suicide watch.
Sami was dead on the floor.
Sami is a good roommate.
Sami wanted Farid to be his roommate for second year.
Sami wondered why Layla was laughing.
Sami refused to be Farid's roommate again.
Sami is trying to get better.
Sami was so toxic to people.
Sami is so toxic and rude.
Sami has a lot of work to do.
Sami tried to fight me multiple times.
Sami asked Farid to be his roommate.
Sami doesn't think that this is the best thing for Layla to do.
Sami is going to hate living with Layla.
Sami was going to regret it.
Sami blasts music all the time.
Sami wanted to transfer out.
Sami was unhappy.
Sami doesn't like Layla anyways.
Sami never had to see Layla's face again.
Sami tried to hug Layla but she pushed him away.
Sami had a really bad roommate.
Tom loves maths.
Tom loves mathematics.
They rolled the couscous of Mazigh's wedding party.
At nightfall, people go home.
I'd rather play tennis than swim.
The owl is a nocturnal animal.
Hybridization concerns the mule.
The lion is the king of the forest.
The jackal is full of mischief.
The giraffe's neck is long.
The ox is the male of the cow.
Sami knows what this video is going to be about.
Sami saw Layla's picture on Twitter.
Sami and Layla started following each other on Instagram.
Sami and Layla knew each other from college.
Sami wasn't here last semester.
Sami wasn't doing anything there.
Sami wasn't really doing anything there.
Sami was walking to his room.
Sami was riding his bicycle.
Sami was walking towards the gate.
Sami was going up the steps.
Sami asked Layla what she was doing there.
Does he speak English, French, or German?
Sami and Layla wanted to go to the same school.
Sami and Layla talked about everything.
Sami and Layla talked for like six hours.
Sami and Layla went to a party.
Sami and Layla wanted to go to some party.
Sami and Layla went to some party.
Sami doesn't date Layla anymore.
Sami will give you his number.
Sami is staying here for the weekend.
Can he speak English, French, or German?
Sami saw Layla at the party.
Sami gave Layla some liquor.
Sami went about his business.
Sami and Layla have been texting.
Sami and Layla shared the same bathroom.
Sami is in his bedroom.
Sami is going to move out.
Sami was rooming with Farid.
Sami wanted to replace Farid.
Sami used to stay there.
Sami knows somebody who can do this.
Sami was Farid's last roommate.
Sami's roommate was moving out.
Sami has been complaining about that.
Sami has always had bad roommates.
Sami was tyring to help Layla out.
Sami gave Layla his room number.
Sami had no idea.
Sami had six classes that day.
Sami was coming.
Sami put the key in the door to open it.
Sami let Layla come in.
Sami and Layla can do this now.
Sami doesn't know how to use the washing machine.
Sami let Layla use his stuff.
Sami has always complained about his roommates.
Sami has always had shitty roommates.
Sami broke Layla's heart.
Sami will never do that again.
Sami and Layla were getting to know each other.
Sami was Layla up at six every single morning.
Sami said it was an emergency.
Sami can't do that here.
Tom won't be coming back here.
Sami started getting so rude.
Sami was so thirsty.
Sami was fully dressed.
Sami went to the grocery store.
Sami found this very strange.
Sami was so tired.
Sami had to make a six-hour drive to Cairo.
Sami left his charger in his room.
Sami realized that he left his charger in the room.
Sami needed to go back to his room to get his charger.
Sami wondered why Layla was out at that time of night.
Sami is very, very tired.
Sami should be asleep.
Sami had classes in the morning.
Sami was bragging all the time.
Sami is Farid's other roommate.
Layla is doing her makeup.
Layla wanted to watch Salima while she was doing her makeup.
Layla asked Salima if she could watch her while she was doing her makeup.
Sami should have taken pictures of Layla's room.
Sami didn't read Layla's text message.
Sami stays here.
Sami got the towels for free.
Sami left Layla a note.
Sami and Layla will go to a restaurant.
Sami knows this girl.
Sami didn't have a bathroom in his room.
Sami was obviously annoyed.
Sami had a penis and Layla had a vagina.
Sami couldn't do anything at the time.
Sami kept speaking to me.
Sami wouldn't give Layla anything.
Sami was always asking for something.
Sami spoke to me.
Sami came back in his room.
Sami is washing his hands.
Sami needs to wash his hands.
Sami's hands smell of shit.
Sami saw Layla's shoes.
Sami was hanging out with a bunch of weirdos.
Sami was making noise.
Sami knew that Layla wasn't asleep.
Sami knew that Layla was hearing that.
Sami took Layla's tissue.
Sami was stealing Layla's tissue.
Sami was using Layla's tissue.
Sami stole Layla's tissue rool.
Sami searched everywhere.
Tom took his trousers off.
Tom took off his trousers.
Sami went to wash his face.
Sami washed his face and brushed his teeth.
Sami brushes his teeth before and after breakfast.
Sami hates brushing his teeth before breakfast.
Sami is coming down here.
Sami was getting pissed off.
Sami heard the door slam.
Sami was stealing Layla's toothpaste.
Sami heard Layla talking about that.
Sami knew Layla was talking about him.
Tom is watching telly.
Sami started to get mad.
Sami started to get aggressive.
Sami started making some verbal threats.
Sami was making verbal threats.
Sami called the police on his roommate.
Sami was a weirdo.
Sami has been watching Layla for months.
Sami saw Layla standing in front of his buidling.
Sami was talking on the phone in front of Layla's building.
Sami tried to fake a robbery.
Sami was on that campus.
Sami tried to steal Layla's new shoes.
Sami needs to watch his back.
Sami knows everything about Layla.
Sami and Layla need to watch their backs.
Sami had no evidence to hide.
Sami's mom is here.
Sami's mom is there.
Sami does nothing.
Sami always does this.
Sami has multiple YouTube channels.
Sami is a liar.
Sami told me that Layla was a liar.
Sami was still lying.
Sami needs to watch for Layla.
Sami knows about this.
Sami's academic career was a lie.
Sami told Farid how Layla was crazy.
Sami always wins.
Sami was constantly crazy.
Sami couldn't go to sleep.
Sami was up.
Sami was already up.
Sami turned the TV off.
Sami heard all that noise.
Sami knew it wasn't Layla.
Sami sat inside his room.
Sami asked Layla to be quiet.
Sami was nasty.
Sami was being nasty.
Sami didn't do anything to Layla.
Sami knew that Layla didn't love him.
Sami was trying to apologize.
Sami was trying to go to sleep.
Sami doesn't sleep.
Sami slept during the day.
Sami always wakes Layla up.
Sami stays up all night.
Sami and Layla were up.
Sami and Layla were still up.
Sami was trying to get some rest.
Sami didn't think so.
Sami isn't talking to Layla anymore.
Sami was tyring to compromise with Layla.
Sami was causing nothing but problems.
Sami has been bullying Layla for months.
Tom is getting married this autumn.
Sami said this to me.
Sami is up now.
Sami likes to fight.
Sami bought a pair of sneakers.
Sami was really pissed off.
Sami could knock your head off your shoulders.
Sami took Layla to the living room.
Sami was sick of Layla complaining about Farid.
Sami was tired of Layla complaining all the time.
Sami was a filthy person.
Layla was the cleanest girl walking.
Sami and Layla were talking a shower together.
Sami just took another shower.
Sami hates taking showers.
Sami hates all that shit.
Sami never takes showers.
Sami never showers.
Sami hates water.
Sami made a joke.
Sami noticed.
Sami's apartment smelt.
Sami's car smelt.
Sami's dog pooped in Layla's car.
Sami has been dealing with this for months.
Sami was in Egypt at the time.
Sami turned on the air conditioner.
Potato crisps are my favourite.
Layla's makeup was coming off because she was sweating.
Sami needs to do this outside.
Sami and Layla were pissed.
Sami turned off the air conditioner.
Sami was disrespectful to Layla.
Sami needs to let me know right now.
Sami has no problem.
Sami hates the way that air freshener smells.
Sami's apartmetn smells horrible.
Sami put the air freshener in the bathroom.
Sami wanted to do this.
Sami doesn't do what people want him to do.
Sami doesn't listen to other people.
Sami had roommates.
Sami was never respectful to me.
Sami was never respectful to Layla.
Sami kept talking about this.
Sami doesn't clean up.
Sami is nasty.
Sami was fed up and could take it no more.
Sami was fed up and couldn't take it anymore.
Sami knows about everything.
Sami knows about Layla's text messages.
Sami knows about it all.
Sami is not coming back.
Sami got a visa.
Sami wasn't coming back.
Sami was escorted out.
Sami doesn't have class this morning.
Sami reported Layla to the cops.
Sami wanted to move into that vacant room.
Sami wasn't in that room.
Sami messed with Layla's stuff.
Sami would mop the floor with Farid.
Sami's spring break started on Saturday.
Sami made Layla cry.
Sami hated the apartment.
Sami already hates this apartment.
Sami was nothing but disrespectful.
Sami needs to watch his stuff.
Sami was with his other roommate.
Sami didn't know Layla was in there.
Sami was always eavesdropping on Layla.
Sami was always in that room.
Sami thought Layla was talking about him.
Sami was still in bed.
Sami felt like Layla was disrespecting him.
Sami talked about how dirty Layla was.
Sami collected candles.
Sami was talking about hair products.
Sami doesn't know what Layla is trying to do.
Sami got too close.
Layla doesn't have time for drama.
Layla didn't have time for drama in college.
Sami heard the whole thing.
Sami saw Layla and her friend.
Sami and Layla were just arguing.
Sami had to make a statement, too.
Sami came from my hood.
Sami remembers that girl.
Sami did that that morning.
Sami thought something was wrong with Layla.
Sami forgot Layla's room number.
Sami and Layla slept in this room.
Sami didn't want to handle that.
Sami won't go into details.
Sami doesn't want to watch the video.
Sami was kind of upset.
Sami thought that was OK.
Sami was talking to one of his co-workers.
Sami ended up watching the video.
Sami finished watching the video.
Sami has committed suicide.
Sami committed suicide, as well.
Sami was a singer from Cairo.
Sami filmed his last video on Saturday.
Sami had to put this video on his channel.
Sami wanted to help people.
Sami was teaching at high school.
Sami felt unimportant.
Layla is beautiful in her own way.
Sami was so lost.
Sami felt he wasn't needed in the world.
Sami felt he wasn't important.
Sami wanted to help Layla.
Sami wanted to let Layla know that she wasn't alone.
Sami didn't want to do something that he would regret.
Sami is going to do something that he will regret.
Sami has a diary.
Sami remembered this happening.
Sami remembers what happened exactly.
Sami's grandma passed away when he was in college.
Sami didn't expect Layla to die at such a young age.
Sami used to go running every morning.
Sami went running every morning.
Layla was my mom's friend.
Sami was always at the church that Layla used to go to.
Sami was a little bit younger than his cousin.
Sami heard about it.
Layla tutored a couple of kids.
Sami became close with Layla.
Layla tutored kids in the neighborhood.
Sami would smile all the time.
Sami's laugh was so contagious.
Sami was just bubbly.
Sami wanted to be Farid's friend.
Sami made CD's.
Sami got two CD's for six dollars.
Sami and Layla were hanging out and joking around.
Sami plays basketball.
Sami stopped coming to church.
Sami didn't come to church.
Sami didn't see Layla for a few months.
Sami came to church.
Sami came up and gave me a hug.
Sami was going into business.
Sami became a professional basketball player.
Sami had his birthday around that time.
Sami was on Myspace.
Sami's Myspace page is still there.
Sami messaged Layla on Myspace.
Sami didn't reply anymore.
Sami heard his mom crying.
Sami was standing in the hallway, next to the kitchen.
Sami committed suicide last night.
Sami was just in shock.
Sami remembers every single moment he spent with Layla.
Sami had so much potential.
Sami doesn't want to believe it.
Sami's sister came down.
Sami and Layla were crying.
Sami wrote an article.
Sami doesn't need to explain what he did.
Sami never knew what Layla was going through.
Sami always thought Layla was smarter than that.
Sami was really tall.
Sami much taller than Layla.
Sami was just sixteen.
Sami ruined his life and the lives of people around him.
Sami was writing Layla letters.
Sami wanted to write someting but he didn't know what.
Sami won't be able to stop.
Sami has been to several funerals.
Sami's mom passed away.
Sami went to a funeral.
Sami is always smiling.
Sami's entire school was at his funeral.
Sami is a kid Layla's age.
Sami killed himself at sixteen.
Sami died at six.
Sami's little sister passed away when she was just six.
Sami's funeral was the worst day of my life.
Sami and Layla were close to Farid.
Sami lived where Layla was buried.
Sami passed away unexpectedly.
Sami didn't have anything.
Sami remembers where Layla was buried.
Sami is buried here.
Sami was buried there.
Sami knew he was in that area.
Sami couldn't find Layla's grave.
Sami and Layla just held each other and cried.
Sami and Layla held each other and prayed.
Sami could do anything he wanted to.
Sami had the whole package.
Sami didn't believe in himself.
Sami had no idea why Layla killed herself.
Sami was hiding his feelings.
Sami laughs a lot.
Sami knows that Layla laughs a lot.
Sami doesn't have to worry about his problems anymore.
Sami transferred his problems to Layla.
Layla is a mom now.
Sami can't tell his parents anything.
Sami doesn't feel the same way.
Sami doesn't understand anything Layla was going through.
Sami couldn't get what I was going through.
Sami understands better now.
Sami was having trouble with this.
Sami doesn't have to be so perfect.
Sami is glad Layla is back.
Sami doesn't like to mention this.
Sami didn't hear about this anymore.
Sami is more interested in this.
Sami doesn't want to tell people about it.
Sami isn't alone.
Sami heard a train in the background.
Sami is not alone.
Sami needs to speak to someone.
Sami can call the hotline.
Sami won't tell anyone else.
Sami will do everything he can to speak to Layla.
Sami would never leave Layla alone.
Sami cares about Layla's feelings.
Sami smiles and makes eye contact with everyone.
Sami felt small and insignificant.
Sami and Layla were kind to one another.
Sami wanted to affect people positively.
Sami should be aware of the situation.
Sami was feeling so sad.
Sami doesn't think this is important.
Sami won't be mentioning that.
Sami won't be mentioning anything.
Sami got so emotional.
Sami could hear a baby in the background.
Sami started to do a video.
Sami didn't wish any ill on Layla.
Sami has known Layla since she was probably six years old.
Sami and Layla go to church together.
Sami and Layla went to the church picnic.
Sami came back up.
Sami remembered telling that to Layla.
Sami wanted to feel included.
Sami stayed at home.
Sami was staying in the dorm.
Sami lived at a motel.
Sami introduced Layla to his best friend.
Sami got a bad vibe from Layla.
Sami sensed something was wrong.
Sami said he got a bad vibe from Layla.
Sami made friends with other freshmen.
Sami and Layla would go to parties.
Sami's house is an hour from where our school is.
Sami has never done drugs in his life.
Sami stayed in the car.
Sami and Layla stood there.
Sami never does drugs.
Sami thinks Layla is smoking weed.
Sami doesn't have to be around them.
Sami's friends smoke weed.
Sami doesn't like weed.
Sami was very loyal to his friends.
Sami was serious in college.
Sami talked about basketball.
Sami was popular in college.
Sami told Layla everything that was going on in his relationship with Salima.
Sami cares about me.
Sami was taking it with a grain of salt.
Sami didn't know Layla was telling everyone about that.
Sami told everyone else.
Sami and Layla got along so well.
Sami and Layla brought their kids.
Sami put Layla down a lot.
Sami got really jealous.
Layla was so blonde.
Sami said that in front of everyone.
Sami and Layla grew up near each other.
Sami and Layla knew each other from church.
Sami grew up in the ghetto.
Sami doesn't like to confront people in front of everybody else.
Sami's city was bad.
Sami was moving to a better area.
Sami would notice little strange things.
Sami didn't tell Layla about his relationship with Salima.
Sami had a friend who was a girl.
Sami and his friends were all talking.
Sami believed Layla was in heaven.
Sami believes Layla.
Sami was saying something.
Sami was in hell.
Sami believed Layla was in hell.
Sami believes that dogs go to heaven.
Sami and Layla are still sitting here.
Sami was talking to himself.
Sami wouldn't treat Layla this way.
Sami was so done with Layla.
Sami should have worded it differently.
Sami didn't even deserve a reply.
Sami saw Layla there.
Sami and Layla had mutual friends.
Sami has been talking about Layla.
Sami came up to me and started talking to me about Layla.
Sami walked by Layla and said nothing.
Sami wanted to let Layla know that he knew that she was talking about him.
Sami stopped talking to Layla completely.
Sami became friends with his roommate.
Sami slept in Layla's living room.
Sami's daughters were annoying.
Sami was trying to be around Layla.
Sami isn't good for Layla.
Sami is coming to see Layla.
Layla took off her earrings.
Sami was talking about Layla for no reason.
Sami was talking shit about Layla for no reason.
Sami and Layla are like our brothers.
Sami isn't the only one.
Sami brought Layla there.
Sami cared about you.
Sami and Layla sat together.
Sami went there the next day.
Sami wondered why Layla was sitting next to Farid.
Sami said bye and left.
Sami was done speaking to Layla.
Sami's Arabic was perfect.
Sami has to do it again.
Sami got really pissed off about that.
Sami was still speaking to Layla.
Sami left Layla at the bus stop.
Sami didn't speak to Layla anymore.
Sami doesn't hold grudges.
Sami has gotten married.
Sami did Layla wrong.
Sami and Layla aren't going to be friends again.
Sami and Layla are not going to be friends again.
Sami deleted Layla front his friends list.
Sami was talking about Layla, too.
Sami is nice.
Sami and Layla talked a little.
Sami deleted me as a friend.
Sami sent Layla a friendship request.
Sami and Layla are adult now.
Sami asked to be my friend again.
Sami has kids.
Sami never really reached out to Layla.
Sami is either bipolar or crazy.
Sami doesn't need that anymore.
Sami doesn't trust anyone.
Sami learned a valuable lesson.
Sami taught Layla a valuable lesson.
Sami is going to be teaching this year.
Sami is teaching this year.
Sami will never go there again.
Sami did a horrible job.
Sami thanked Layla so much for the gift card.
Sami doesn't want to explain the story.
Sami doesn't recommend anyone to go there.
Sami looked at Layla's hand.
Sami couldn't see it.
Sami couldn't see that star.
Layla's nail salon opens at nine.
Layla wanted to get her nails done.
Layla got her nails done.
Layla was doing her nails.
Sami was behind the desk.
Sami wrote down his name.
Sami told Layla to write down her name.
Layla has been to nail salons before.
Sami should come back.
Sami didn't move until six.
Sami didn't leave until six o'clock.
Sami left for a minute.
Sami walked out the door.
Sami was in front of me.
Layla wants to get her nails done.
Sami can get it for you.
Sami can get that book for you.
Layla wants pink gel nails.
Layla wanted clear gel nails.
Sami doesn't care about the price.
Sami can pay for it.
Sami was kind of rude.
Layla didn't want to wear pink gel polish.
Sami shouldn't be arguing with customers.
Sami didn't say that.
Sami was already sitting there.
Sami had to tell Layla several times that what she was doing was wrong.
Sami didn't have enough to pay for it.
Sami thought Layla didn't have enough to pay for it.
Sami thought that was going to be too long.
Sami looked at Layla's nails.
Sami has a bad habit.
Sami's nails are so short.
Sami has always bitten his nails.
Sami still has nails.
Sami's hands were tiny.
Sami's hands are small.
Sami bit his nails all the way down to the nail bed.
Sami knows he is not a professional.
Layla's fake nails were really big.
Layla's fake nails were pretty short.
Layla can't cut her hair too short.
Layla's fake nakes are pretty short.
Sami was just trying to be nice.
Sami always says that.
Sami was filing his nails.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is getting upset at him.
Sami was very nice.
Sami had the nerve to look at me like I was crazy.
Sami was looking at Layla like she was crazy.
Sami was wiggling his fingers.
Sami told Layla to go wash her hands.
Sami really liked that color.
Sami doesn't know what that color is called.
Sami was sitting in front of the fan.
Layla's fake fingers were horrible.
Sami was out of there six minutes later.
Sami did a bad job.
Sami told his sister about this.
Sami doesn't even plan on going back there.
Sami could never fix that.
Layla wrote a horrible review about that nail salon.
Layla showed her false nails to Sami.
Layla's false nails are all different lengths.
Layla's false nails are horrible.
Sami has a family reunion to go to this weekend.
Layla is getting her nails done.
Layla got her false nails cut down.
Layla went to a nail salon.
Sami took Layla to a nail salon.
Sami was charged extra.
Layla was charged extra for getting her nails done.
Sami does a horrible job.
Layla was messing up people's nails.
Layla is messing up people's hair.
Sami will never set foot there again.
Sami enjoys Layla's stories.
Sami thought it wasn't important to mention.
Sami visited Layla for a few weeks.
Sami wasn't really getting along with his mom.
Sami and Layla were clashing all the time.
Sami visited his wife for a few weeks.
Sami is down there for a few weeks.
Layla is going to come back pregnant.
Layla missed her period and was getting a little worried.
Layla took a pregnancy test and it came back negative.
Layla didn't want to get pregnant.
Layla was relieved that she wasn't pregnant.
Sami keeps forgetting things and remembering things.
Sami had to work overnight.
Sami drove Layla to the airport.
Sami had to drive Layla to the airport that morning.
Sami dropped Layla off at the airport.
Sami ended up getting home at six.
Sami and Layla were walking around Walmart.
Sami was so hungry.
Sami wanted to eat anything he saw.
Sami was on his way home.
Sami felt so weak and so hungry.
Sami has never been this hungry in his life.
Layla still shared a room with her sister.
Sami sprayed some perfume when he got home.
Sami thought Layla was pregnant.
Sami found Layla's pregnancy test.
Sami doesn't know Layla is pregnant.
Layla denied the fact that she was pregnant.
Sami was feeling a little off.
Layla needs to get another pregnancy test.
Layla's pregnancy test came up positive.
Sami was so supportive.
Layla was not expecting to get pregnant.
Layla wasn't expecting to get pregnant.
Sami will call Layla first.
Sami needs to tell Layla.
Layla told Sami that she was pregnant.
Sami asked Layla to stop joking.
Sami thought it was still a dream.
Layla is sure she is pregnant.
Sami knew that Layla was pregnant.
Layla's mom knew that she was pregnant.
Sami just kept denying.
Sami asked Layla to take a pregnancy test.
Layla went to the toilet to take a pregnancy test.
Sami was not ready.
Layla went to the bathroom to take the preganncy test.
Layla showed Sami her pregnancy test.
Layla took the pregnancy test again.
Layla is going to take the pregnancy test again.
Sami asked Layla to take the pregnancy test again.
Layla peed on the stick and it came up positive.
Sami is still in the bathroom.
Layla's pregnancy test was positive.
Sami remembers Layla crying.
Sami was engaged but he wasn't married yet.
Sami and Layla didn't want to have a baby before getting married.
Sami started crying, too.
Sami is gonna have to tell Layla's father.
Sami is going to have to tell Layla's father.
Sami really disappointed Layla.
Sami was very supportive.
Sami always expected Layla to be supportive.
Sami really did not expect that from Layla.
Sami really didn't expect that from Layla.
Sami expected Layla to be angry.
Sami didn't tell Layla right away.
Sami had to stop what he was doing.
Sami came down to his room.
Sami had a family, too.
Sami had six sons from his first marriage.
Sami knew the situation that I was in.
Sami has never seen his dad cry before in his life.
Sami loves the baby.
Sami still loves you.
Sami will always be here for Layla.
Layla's parents found out that she was pregnant.
Sami wanted to make the wedding really big.
Sami and Layla were already planning to get married.
Sami and Layla were already planning to get married anyways.
Layla's parents were so supportive.
Sami really thanks God for his parents.
Sami and Layla are not married yet.
Layla ended up pregnant.
Sami will never find out.
Sami has kids now.
Layla was pregnant with Sami.
Layla was watching pregnancy videos.
Layla got pregnant by Sami.
Sami filmed his first YouTube video in 2016.
Sami was still a baby.
Sami's computer was stolen.
Sami didn't back up his computer hard drive.
Sami has two amazing little boys.
Sami is just so perfect and I love him.
Sami enjoyed watching those videos.
Sami didn't have any suggestions.
Tom was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome.
When Tom went to primary school he was assigned a learning support assistant.
Tom is hyperlexic.
When animals sate themselves, they quarrel in the stable.
Don't be afraid, I am not wicked.
I needed your help, but I couldn't find you.
The tallest animal in the world is the giraffe.
It's not politically correct to make fun of someone's disability.
That's not how you do it, you numskull!
The orchestra entered on the downbeat of the conductor's baton.
The Scottish Reel should be played with a strong downbeat on the first note of each bar.
The Central Bank issued a downbeat assessment of the economic prospects for the next financial year.
Everyone was exhausted, so the party was a somewhat downbeat affair.
My classmate, Xiao Ming, has strong managerial capability.
Waves crashing against the coast.
Yes, I'll come at once.
Is this lady a saleswoman?
I turned into a small alleyway.
You remind me so much of Tom.
You remind me so much of Mary.
I missed the train by a hair's breadth.
I've eaten it.
He turned and waved to me.
I wonder how long this will last.
Tom usually wears glasses only when he reads.
Even you couldn't answer.
I like Danish beer.
Tom usually only wears glasses when he reads.
Tom only wears glasses for reading.
Tom usually wears glasses when he reads.
Even Tom wasn't able to answer the teacher's questions.
They told us to wait here.
They told us that we should wait here.
What did you hope to find?
What were you hoping to find?
Where's the cellphone?
Where are we going to eat tonight?
Mary immediately recognized his voice. It was Tom!
Mary immediately recognized Tom's voice.
Tom immediately recognized Mary's voice.
Tom played Moonlight Sonata on the piano.
Tom played Moonlight Sonata at his high school recital.
Tom sat at the piano and played Moonlight Sonata.
Moonlight Sonata was composed by Beethoven.
Tom was moved by the music.
Mary was moved by the music.
Tom refused to leave without Mary.
The cat got your tongue?
There are eight notes in an octave.
Tom listened to classical music.
Please, turn the page.
Please go to the next page.
Today I can see the mountain clearly.
I'm really sorry. I seem to have lost your umbrella.
Concerning this word, each expert has a different point of view.
It wasn't until after visiting Australia that I realized Japan was so small.
Sami thinks I am lying.
Sami thinks I'm lying.
Sami has two kids. One is Layla and she is sitting right here, and the other is Farid.
Sami is married and has two kids.
Sami explained what happened.
Sami went to visit his fiancee.
Sami and Layla had a lot of time to just hang out.
Sami had actually lived in the Cairo area.
Sami spent like a month there.
Sami and Layla went everywhere.
Sami and Layla had a lot of fun.
Sami and Layla hung out together for the first week of vacation.
Sami and Layla hung out together for the first week of spring break.
Sami and Layla were around the same age.
Sami and Layla were just sitting around.
Sami and Layla had nothing to do.
Sami was at the corner store.
Sami was thinking of something to do.
Sami's store is a little bit different.
Sami walked to the window.
Sami's store is really small.
Sami was on the opposite side.
Sami told me what he wanted and I got it for him.
Sami wanted to drink some soda.
Sami has two younger sisters.
Sami was back in the house.
Sami went back to get his stuff.
Sami and Layla were waiting in line.
Sami waited for five or six minutes.
Sami was up to something.
Sami heard someone walking.
Sami wanted to know what Layla was texting.
Sami is nosy.
Sami hates nosy people.
Sami didn't look up to see who it was.
Sami moved to the other side.
Sami is moving to the other side.
Sami looked up and saw Layla.
Sami looked he was on drugs.
Sami was almost six feet.
Sami was giving Layla a weird look.
Sami got his food.
Sami walked back to the house.
Sami got something to eat.
Sami was still hungry.
Sami's store is literally right across the street.
Sami ordered his food.
Sami was sitting next to a tall guy.
Sami didn't want to tell you.
Sami was sitting right next to Layla.
Sami was behind me.
Sami was jerking off behind Layla.
Sami couldn't believe Layla did that.
Sami didn't want Layla to follow him home.
Sami was super sketchy.
Sami was waiting for his food.
Sami had a surveillance camera at his store.
Sami played the surveillance video.
Sami wasn't even looking at that.
Sami didn't look up.
Sami was texting.
Sami heard the attic door open.
Sami followed us from the store to our apartment building.
Sami was free to do whatever he wanted to do.
Sami moved to the side.
Sami is on drugs.
Sami pulled out his dick.
Sami slapped his dick on the table.
Sami was younger than Layla.
Sami was leaving the store.
Sami stayed outside.
Sami told the police what happened.
Sami doesn't know where that store is.
Sami lives down the street.
Sami will meet you there.
Sami gave the police his permanent house address.
Sami walked really fast.
Sami is in shock.
Sami was talking to two female officers.
Sami was inside the store.
Sami told the police officers everything.
Sami lives a couple blocks away.
Sami wants to file a police report.
Sami never went to Walmart again.
Sami never did drugs.
Sami's parents are kind of strict.
Sami had very strict parents.
Sami deleted everything.
Sami has to redo this video.
Sami does a lot of videos.
Sami is really into fitness.
Sami loves Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami and Layla made a video together.
Sami gets paid from YouTube.
Sami loves YouTube.
Sami does YouTube as a hobby.
Sami is talking to his friends.
Sami does YouTube just for the money.
Sami is trying to scam Layla.
Sami is a scammer.
Sami helped Layla succeed.
Sami has a social security number.
Sami has nothing against those girls.
Sami got tagged in an Instagram picture.
Sami tagged Layla in the Instagram picture.
Sami reposted Layla's Instagram picture.
Sami and Layla were working together.
Sami found that really cool.
Sami seemed he knew what he was doing.
Sami posted the pictures on Instagram.
Sami put the pictures up on Instagram.
Sami won't check out the pictures.
Sami texted Layla back again.
Sami won't be interested.
Sami wrote me back.
Sami didn't have all the details.
Sami asked for more details.
Sami received the e-mail.
Sami needs to take a quiz in order to become a member of the group.
Sami was part of the group.
Sami asked Layla simple questions.
Sami answered all the questions.
Sami doesn't upload videos on his YouTube channels.
Sami has over sixty thousand subscribers on YouTube.
Sami will be doing a group Skype meeting.
Sami messaged Layla right back.
Sami is going home for the holidays.
Sami has crap to do.
Sami got home Saturday.
Sami will be busy there.
Sami is traveling.
Sami is traveling with his kids.
Sami is gonna be in the car with Layla.
Sami is going to be in the car with Layla.
Sami and Layla wanted to start a new group on Facebook.
Sami heard Layla's kids in the background.
Sami read the text message.
Sami is in the car with his parents and kids.
Sami doesn't know how to write that.
Sami didn't expect Layla to be so nice.
Sami didn't reply to that.
Sami's message didn't deserve a reply.
Sami will stay home.
Sami is staying home today.
Sami stayed home for a couple of hours.
Sami will stay home on Saturday.
Sami wasn't interested in that anymore.
Sami finished his Skype conversation.
Sami and Layla agreed on this.
Sami and Layla have agreed on this.
Sami heard this from Layla.
Sami will have to pay sixty dollars.
Sami will use the money for that.
Sami's Facebook group isn't that big.
Sami has a cooking channel on YouTube.
Sami is in the group.
Sami has to speak to the person in charge.
Sami was in charge of the Facebook group.
Sami communicated with other people.
Sami doesn't want to be part of that at all.
Sami is giving money to Layla.
Sami doesn't know where the money is going.
Sami called Layla after the Skype meeting.
Sami is really not interested.
Sami wanted to keep it nice.
Sami found that so fishy.
Sami wasn't interested to get himself into this.
Sami signed a contract.
Sami doesn't need a contract.
Sami received some messages from Layla.
Sami received some text messages from Layla.
Sami advised Layla not to sign that contract.
Sami doesn't recommend doing that.
Sami only has sixty subscribers on YouTube.
Sami is making six thousand dollars a month on YouTube.
Sami does this as a hobby.
Sami doesn't do this to make money.
Sami filmed this really quickly.
Sami was trying to scam people.
Sami had good intentions.
Sami is trying to scam people.
Sami can't see this.
Sami can't hear this.
Sami got a new camera.
Sami has got a new camera.
Sami has a professional camera now.
Sami is using a professional camera.
Sami wants to get that camera.
Sami wants to buy that camera.
Sami's camera is pretty pricey.
Sami is so busy now.
Sami doesn't know yet.
Sami will be teaching in two weeks.
Sami didn't pass one of the tests.
Sami retook the test.
Sami took the test Friday.
Sami took a pretty pricey test.
Sami finished his license degree.
Sami will be teaching in Cairo.
Sami started looking for a daycare.
Sami found a good daycare.
Sami started looking for a daycare in that area.
Sami didn't have time to schedule a visit.
Sami went to check out the daycare.
Sami will be soon teaching in the same area.
Sami was sitting in the car for a few minutes.
Sami can come in as well.
Sami buzzed Layla in.
Sami's office was a complete mess.
Sami's office was a big mess.
Sami was in one of the seats.
Layla was holding her baby.
Sami opened the closets.
Sami's closet just looked a mess.
Sami finished telling the cops everything.
Sami will come back and get you.
Sami knew that Layla didn't work there.
Sami doesn't work there.
Sami mailed Layla a check.
Sami was very unprofessional.
Sami didn't come to answer the phone.
Sami showed Layla Farid's room.
Sami had a really big room.
Sami's living room was split in three sections.
Sami's kids were running around.
Sami was arguing on the phone.
Sami was yelling at someone.
Sami was on the phone, yelling at someone.
Sami didn't fully close the door.
Sami was on the phone, yelling.
Sami told Layla to be quiet.
Sami knocked on the door and told Layla to be quiet.
Sami was trying to explain to us everything that was going on.
Sami brought a pack of diapers.
Sami bought a pack of diapers.
Sami did not expect that.
Sami's mat was disgusting.
Sami's mat was filthy.
Sami's mat was dirty and it smelt.
Sami was in there with his kids.
Sami's soccer ball was dirty.
Sami didn't really like that.
Sami's toys were old and dirty.
Sami started walking us to the other side of the house.
Sami was holding a baseball bat.
Sami put the box in Layla's office.
Sami crossed paths with Layla and Farid.
Sami saw Layla's room.
Sami walked into Layla's room.
Sami's room was a little bit smaller.
Sami was playing with Legos.
Sami wouldn't play with something like that.
Sami wouldn't play with toys like that.
Sami kept writing.
Sami seemed unorganized.
Sami was writing on that sheet of paper.
Sami has already seen enough.
Sami didn't need to ask any more questions.
Sami walked into that room.
Sami took Layla to the playground area.
Sami built a little house for his kids in the backyard.
Sami has a gym area in his house.
Sami is interested.
Sami went back into the car.
Sami questioned everything.
Sami questioned everything about Layla.
Sami's office was completely crazy.
Sami wasn't acting professionally at all.
Sami wouldn't send any of his kids there.
Sami wrote his name on a diaper.
Sami was completely shocked.
Sami visited Layla's daycare.
Sami didn't find a daycare for his children.
Sami didn't find an affordable daycare for his children.
Sami needs to wait until he gets his degree.
Sami has to wait until he gets his degree.
Sami has never been to any daycare.
Sami's food is healthy.
Sami is going to love the food.
Sami knows that Layla is going to love the food.
Sami was so excited for his kids to go to that daycare.
Layla's makeup was wearing off.
Layla's makeup was coming off.
I had one beer!
Sami put up the video on YouTube.
Sami feels a little more comfortable talking about it now.
Sami and Layla wanted to have twins.
Sami put a link to Layla's YouTube channel on his Facebook page.
Sami is not going to come to work tomorrow.
Sami married one of the twin sisters.
Sami wanted to do a video about that.
Sami will be student-teaching.
Sami chose a different school to work with.
Sami didn't like the teacher.
Sami will student-teach in two different locations.
Sami will student-teach in two different schools.
Sami didn't have to worry about transportation.
Sami applied to a middle school to work there.
Sami applied to a middle school to teach there.
Sami had a lot of credentials.
Sami got expelled later.
Sami went to meet that lady.
Sami waited for Layla in the lobby.
Sami had an appointment with the principal.
Sami's secretary was there.
Sami took it the wrong way.
Sami always took it the wrong way.
Sami told me a little bit about himself.
Sami was home-schooled.
Sami was unqualified.
Sami has never been in an elementary school before.
Sami wasn't set for the job.
Sami's kids were home-schooled.
Sami can't go into details.
Sami signed a confidentiality agreement.
Sami would complain about the principal and the other teachers.
Sami would always complain about that.
Sami can't help other teachers.
Sami is doing his job right.
Sami talked about the principal a lot.
Sami wasn't good enough.
Sami taught in a predominently Caucasian school.
Sami has never complained about Layla.
Sami used to make Layla's lunch.
Sami eats a peanut butter sandwich every day.
Sami likes peanut butter.
Sami eats a peanut butter sandwich every single day.
Sami would complain about everything.
Sami would complain about everyone.
Sami is new to the area.
Sami asked for the name of a restaurant.
Sami had to leave the room.
Sami was talking crap about the principal.
Sami does remember this.
Sami is not fit for this job.
Sami is a special education teacher.
Sami was a general education teacher.
Sami has been working there for six months.
Sami knew I was a special education teacher.
Sami didn't attened any special education meetings.
Sami didn't attend any meeting.
Sami isn't sure yet what he wants to do.
Sami doesn't care what's going on outside.
Sami would say hi and Layla wouldn't reply.
Sami's room was really cold.
Sami talked about his parents.
Sami attended the parent-teacher conference.
Sami was talking about the teacher.
Sami hates me.
Sami sat down first.
Sami pushed Layla's chair away from him.
Sami isn't good enough.
Sami finished teaching.
Sami got more used to teaching.
Sami was slow.
Sami was too slow.
Sami wasn't good enough, no matter what he did.
Sami student-taught for a year.
Sami was getting his master's degree.
Sami took education.
Sami wanted to take education.
Sami wants to take psychology.
Sami was doing everything Layla wanted him to do.
Sami should already know.
Sami had to go to that meeting.
Sami was studying-teaching.
Sami has to go with Layla to that meeting.
Sami wanted to listen to Layla's new album.
Sami listened to Adele.
Sami didn't want to listen to rap.
Sami was putting on his coat to leave.
Sami was supposed to walk the kids out.
Sami was sitting at Layla's desk.
Sami started eating the cookie.
Sami likes chocolate, too.
Sami was eating the donuts.
Sami ate six donuts.
Sami was staring at Layla while she was eating the donuts in front of him.
Sami was eating the donuts in front of the kids while they were just staring.
Sami finished eating the donuts.
Sami will do better next time.
Sami does that in front of the kids.
Sami walked the kids out to their parents.
Sami won't do it again next week.
Sami knew what he had did.
Sami went too far.
Sami was rude to everybody.
Sami was rude to Layla's parents.
Sami needs to get his things together.
Sami obviously had mental issues.
Sami obviously had issues.
Sami didn't have time to get everything together.
Sami did everything he was supposed to do.
Sami had a great time.
Sami works with me.
Tom was diagnosed with autism and severe depression.
I need another one, but I've no money now.
I'm a bark eater.
Iskandar is my best friend.
They are close friends.
Faris and Saiful are close friends.
She is not a virgin anymore.
I am still single.
He still managed to write a letter even when his hands are shaking.
I am not sure this sound of Azan is coming from which mosque.
The holiday trip to Tanjung Jara will be joined by all of the course's participants.
I do not know who else loves you more than I do.
Please make a sentence by using this word.
Teacher, please allow me to go to the washroom.
I am going to the washroom for a while.
I wonder, when would your father return?
I promise I will settle this debt next month.
He is not a virgin anymore.
Everybody but me was against that plan.
How common is it to see kangaroos and koalas in Austria?
Sami needed to get his things together.
Sami had some issues.
Sami did not like me.
Sami called a substitute teacher.
Sami had to write everything down on his pad.
Sami had a great time with Layla.
Sami allowed Layla to work with Farid.
Sami left his desk.
Sami left his desk and never returned.
Sami never mentioned it.
Sami came towards the evening.
Sami didn't care who did it.
Sami asked Layla to fix the door.
Sami had nothing to wear.
Sami knew he crossed the line too far.
Sami took the kids to lunch.
Sami moved something in the room.
Sami never says "thank you."
Sami picked two students.
Sami wrote down our names.
Sami was the student of the month.
Sami wasn't allowed to touch that paper.
Sami called up the wrong name.
Sami crossed the line too far with Layla.
Sami is making money off of this.
Sami isn't going to get in trouble for this.
Sami thanked Layla for saying so.
Sami told the principal.
Sami thought I did it.
Sami suggested this.
Sami should have said this to Layla.
Sami was always trying to be nice to Layla.
Sami called Layla's principal.
Sami saw Layla at the state fair.
Sami saw Layla before she saw him and he turned around.
Sami knows it was me.
Sami took all of that crap.
Sami recommended Layla to Farid.
Sami remembered Layla saying that.
Sami was having trouble.
Sami didn't come here.
Sami was being really nice to the kids.
Sami's kids gravitated toward Layla.
Sami didn't give Layla anything.
Sami gave Layla a card.
Sami didn't want me to leave.
Sami was kind.
Sami felt so bad for those kids.
Sami has some issues.
Sami saw Layla at a fair.
Sami automatically turned around.
Sami turned around super fast.
Sami's daughter was standing next to Layla.
Sami was standing next to Layla's daughter.
Sami recommended Layla to the professor.
Sami told Layla exactly how Farid was.
Sami didn't help Layla at all with that situation.
Sami didn't help Layla at all.
Sami said negative things about Layla.
Sami worked with so many people.
Sami left the school.
Sami is still teaching today.
Sami was able to learn a lot of things.
Sami smiles all the time.
Sami thinks Layla is crazy.
Sami never got paid for that.
Sami never got paid because he was student-teaching.
Sami would never ever student-teach with Layla again.
Sami will vote for Layla.
Sami has seen crazier things.
Sami hoped to never see Layla again in his life.
Sami did that a few years ago.
Sami is still interested.
Sami has a letter.
Sami was reading letters.
Sami was reading letters that people had sent to him.
Layla was the sweetest girl ever.
Sami was scared of heights.
Sami wasn't scared of heights.
Sami wanted to climb that mountain.
Sami climbed that tall tree.
Sami challenged Farid to climb the tallest tree in the park.
Sami's family were Christians.
Sami was a die-hard Christian.
Sami knows that this may sound crazy to you.
Sami didn't allow Layla to listen to music.
Sami was always listening to Christian radio stations.
Sami was listening to Christian rock.
Sami had a tutoring business.
Sami tutored Layla's kids.
Sami had a really good friend from our church.
Sami burned CD's.
Sami could burn any CD he wanted.
Sami knew everything about Michael Jackson.
Sami is Layla's mentor.
Sami gave the CD to Layla.
Sami gave Layla the money.
Sami gave Layla the two CD's.
Sami was a teenager.
Sami switched CD's very fast.
Sami didn't have that option.
Sami was around the house.
Sami got his CD's out.
Sami listened to the CD's till midnight.
Sami said that was his favorite song.
Sami went to see his cousin in Egypt.
Sami went there for the weekend.
Sami is going to go to Egypt.
Sami brought his CD's.
Sami took his CD's to Egypt.
Sami let Layla bring her CD's.
Sami asked Layla to go and get his CD's.
Sami stacked his CD's inside a book.
Sami doesn't have an innocent face.
Sami had such an innocent face.
Sami met Layla at the first floor.
Sami was trying to get inside the car.
Sami was heading to the car.
Sami didn't let Layla see that book.
Sami opened the book and a CD's fell out.
Sami bought a blank CD.
Sami called his sister, Layla.
Sami called his older sister, Layla.
Sami was doing something right.
Sami can help Layla.
Sami wanted to figure out what was in those CD's.
Sami went up to the fridge.
Sami knew that his days were numbered.
Sami put the Michael Jackson CD in first.
Sami listened to the song for ten seconds.
Sami knew it was over.
Sami was going to be crucified.
Sami cannot even touch Layla.
Sami can't even touch Layla.
Sami was punished for three months.
Sami has never listend to Michael Jackson since then.
Sami thought Layla was cute.
Sami won't forget that punishment.
Sami will never forget that punishment.
Sami was probably fifteen or sixteen at the time.
Sami lied to his mom.
Sami recognized that Layla was lying.
Sami came back and slapped Layla.
Sami can't trust Layla as far as he can see her.
Sami is gonna be around me.
Sami is going to be around me.
Sami made Layla wear a leash.
Sami asked Layla to wear that leash.
Sami took Layla grocery shopping.
Sami lived on the other side of the island.
Sami was on the other side of the aisle.
Sami was walking around the supermarket.
Sami was getting so upset.
Sami asked Layla to stop that.
Sami asked Layla to stop it.
Sami has got to be creative.
Sami has been through a lot of punishment.
Sami was teaching.
Sami doesn't want to do anything.
Sami mentioned that towards the end of the video.
Sami was a high school Arabic teacher.
Sami taught Arabic at a Christian school.
Sami taught at a Christian school.
Sami had videos playing in his office.
Sami sat next to us.
Sami created the video.
Sami found this so interesting.
Sami sent Layla the link.
Sami sent Layla the link to the video.
Sami took a screenshot on his phone.
Sami will show that to his students.
Sami found this a great idea.
Sami had to go to the doctor's with his son.
Sami took his son to the doctor's.
Sami won't be able to understand it.
Sami needs to teach his students this.
Sami had his students watch the video.
Sami was gone for the whole day.
Sami forgot why he did that.
Sami was there most of the time.
Sami and Layla were doing the same thing.
Sami wanted his students to take notes.
Sami watched every single video of the playlist.
Sami showed the video to his students.
Sami is already watching the video.
Sami showed the video to Layla.
Sami asked Layla to watch that video.
Sami took a picture.
Sami's students were watching the video.
Sami was talking about the Super Bowl.
Sami said the word "ass."
Sami is Christian.
Sami is Jewish.
Sami was washing his hair.
Sami talked about creation.
Sami is talking about evolution.
Sami was still mentioning.
Sami taught biology.
Sami really likes that word.
Sami had to turn the TV off.
Sami apologized to the principal.
Sami is going to be fired from the school.
Layla is the principal's daughter.
Sami is out of the job.
Sami ran over to Layla's office.
Sami showed his students the wrong video.
Sami made another video about creation.
Sami decided to denounce Christ and become an atheist.
Sami decided to become an atheist.
Sami became an atheist.
Sami found that so embarrassing.
Sami watched the entire video.
Sami must think I'm crazy.
Sami is cursing.
Sami was talking about evolution.
Sami apologized to every single one of those students.
Sami converted to Islam.
Sami let the principal know what happened.
Layla wore winter rain boots.
Sami put on his sneakers.
Sami was in that building, teaching.
Sami was wearing boots.
Sami was wearing two different sneakers.
Sami has three different sets of sneakers.
Sami ran out to his car.
Sami was in his classroom.
Sami ran to the locker room to switch his sneakers.
Sami couldn't believe that he did that.
Sami had many questions about that.
Sami's store is still open to this day.
Sami was wearing blue socks.
Sami was locked in for an entire hour.
Sami stepped inside that room.
Sami did the detective work.
Sami doesn't have to wait so long.
Sami made a quick video about it.
Sami always eats at that cafeteria.
Sami didn't bring lunch from home.
Sami brought a salad from home.
Sami ate pizza at the cafeteria.
Sami was sitting there, talking with the teachers.
Sami didn't eat anything either.
Sami ate a salad.
Sami had food poisoning.
Sami's food makes Layla sick.
Sami never eats the cafeteria food.
Sami cooked dinner for the kids.
Sami could barely get up.
Sami came back out.
Sami started to get dressed.
Sami went to the bathroom again.
Sami has just talked about that.
Sami talked about food poisoning.
Sami met Layla in the parking lot.
Sami didn't know what was going on with him.
Sami started throwing up.
Sami was in the classroom with the kids.
Sami had to do some office things.
Sami went out of the room.
Sami was working with a group of six kids.
Sami's stomach was hurting.
Sami was working with three co-workers.
Sami started sweating.
Sami was looking at the door.
Sami met Layla at the door.
Sami felt like he was about to drop and pass out.
Sami can go home now.
Sami wasn't in there.
Sami went to grab his stuff.
Sami explained the same thing to Layla.
Sami started student-teaching.
Sami wasn't supposed to miss any faculty meeting.
Sami missed the meeting.
Sami knows he has a meeting today.
Sami didn't want to get in trouble with his grades.
Sami doesn't need to be here.
Sami and Layla went back home.
Layla called her husband and told him.
Sami brought the kids early from daycare.
Sami put the kids to sleep.
Sami obviously got the message.
Sami is staying home with me.
Sami played.
Sami started to feel better.
Sami texted his teacher to let him know that he was sick.
Sami didn't get sick.
Sami doesn't wish that on anyone.
Sami finished filming the video.
Sami eats the cafeteria food.
Sami made peanut butter sandwiches.
Sami was able to get over it.
Sami doesn't care about Thanksgiving.
Sami loves Christmas.
Sami looked into the back of Layla's mouth.
Sami started feeling a little pain.
Layla nursed her daughter.
Layla was nursing.
Sami started to feel pain.
Sami usually does this.
Sami felt a lot of pain.
Sami cleaned his mouth.
Sami knows what it is.
Sami was so much pain for a couple of days.
Layla is a wonderful lady.
Sami doesn't make YouTube videos.
Sami wanted to show love to Layla.
Sami was a wonderful roommate.
Layla was Sami's homegirl.
Sami and Layla both had their own separate rooms.
Sami had his own room.
Sami stood in the middle.
Sami and Layla shared the same toilet.
Sami shared the toilet with three other roommates.
Sami used the toilet every single day.
Sami's toilet was really dirty.
Sami was concerned.
Sami wasn't really in the room that much.
Sami did talk to Layla.
Sami found this so annoying.
Sami's toilet is really dirty.
Sami saw Layla on campus.
Sami doesn't have time for it.
Sami was really annoyed.
Sami had to deal with that problem constantly.
Sami had his own toilet.
Sami had a toilet in his room.
Sami opened the bathroom door.
Sami looked straight at the toilet seat.
Sami didn't know exactly what to do.
Sami never knocked on the door.
Sami has never been the person to go to counselors.
Sami wanted to handle the situation without getting anybody in trouble.
Sami got a little crazy.
Sami had to go through that.
Sami could do whatever he wanted.
Sami would do whatever he wanted.
Sami was walking down the hall.
Sami was packing up his stuff.
Sami had enough of it.
Sami really had enough.
Sami didn't want to clean the toilet.
Sami knows Layla is in there.
Sami isn't leaving any time soon.
Sami did a horrible thing.
Sami should never have done that.
Sami looked fine.
Sami seemed OK.
Sami was in an apartment.
Sami and Layla were living together.
Sami and Layla split the light bill.
Sami's apartment was hot.
Sami turned the AC on.
Sami turned the air conditioner on.
Sami kept the air conditioner off.
Sami had had enough.
Sami wanted to make that clear.
Sami closed his door.
Sami wasn't hearing anything.
Sami was not hearing anything.
Sami wanted to have Layla fined.
Sami got fined.
Sami snitched on Layla for having a dog in that apartment.
Sami had a pitbul.
Sami and Farid started to go through roommate issues.
Sami was overreacting.
Sami was really pissed about it.
Sami never snitched on Layla.
Sami was a sibling of Layla's.
Sami was a sibling of mine.
Sami snitched on me.
Sami didn't understand why Layla was reacting in that type of way.
Sami was living in that house.
Sami didn't know how to handle that.
Sami and Layla weren't talking.
Sami and Layla apologized.
Sami apologized and things got better.
Sami had to let Layla know.
Sami will wait.
Sami was supposed to be looking nice.
Sami was new at the time.
Sami was a server for six years.
Sami loves reading comments on his videos.
Sami had a really mean manager.
Sami's managers literally hated him.
Sami is obviously not the best employee there.
Sami didn't say where he worked.
Sami worked there for a really long time.
Sami started working at that bar.
Sami started a new job.
Sami was working at a bar.
Sami was really familiar of how Layla did things at the bar.
Sami didn't sell anything.
Sami and Layla were pretty cool.
Sami hated me so much.
Sami took things so seriously.
Sami was so strict.
Sami wanted to watch a hockey game.
Sami made the schedule.
Sami had a life outside of that restaurant.
Sami waited for a few minutes.
Sami and Layla are sitting there.
Sami talked to me.
Sami is a great server.
Sami is not from this part of the country.
Sami is from the South.
Sami is very efficient.
Sami was sweeping.
Sami was sweeping the kitchen area.
Sami was trying to be a good employee.
Sami was a terrible worker.
Sami was just trying to be a good employee.
Sami worked there for a while.
Sami took Layla to a fine dining place.
Sami owned a restaurant.
Sami came in frequently.
Sami didn't see Layla that much.
Sami was preparing a salad.
Sami is waiting for his food.
Sami is not out there.
Sami was in the kitchen, doing his work.
Sami is going to hate me.
Sami has been waiting for Layla.
Sami was one of the owners of the restaurant.
Sami's table was on the other side of the room.
Sami should have told Layla what was up.
Sami was so patient.
Sami felt really terrible about that.
Sami quit on Saturday.
Sami ended up looking like an idiot.
Sami was flustered.
Sami almost got fired.
Sami was wearing a sombrero.
Sami had thick moustaches.
Sami wanted to hear about that.
Sami was working at a restaurant at the time.
Sami worked as a server there.
Sami worked as a server and bartender there.
Sami's restaurant stayed open until two in the morning.
Sami wanted to work that day.
Sami had several shots of tequila.
Sami had his eyes set on that.
Sami stood outside.
Sami gave Layla a bottle of tequila.
Sami wanted a beer.
Sami wanted to dip out early.
Sami drinks.
Sami drank a ton of margaritas.
Sami was playing a game.
Sami hated me from the very first day he met me.
Sami worked nights and Layla worked days.
Sami is working with me.
Layla was so bitchy and opinionated.
Sami gave Layla the title of manager.
Sami noticed that Layla was there.
Sami ran into a bunch of friends from high school.
Sami saw many familiar faces at the bar.
Sami is their friend.
Sami served Layla a free shot of tequila.
Sami is having fun.
Sami was having fun at the bar.
Sami was already full-blown drunk.
Sami punched himself in the face.
Sami was still wearing his sunglasses.
Sami kept his sunglasses on.
Sami knew that Layla was drunk.
Sami gave Layla a free drink.
Sami put the money in the tip jar.
Sami's head was getting very fuzzy.
Sami put the money back in the register.
Sami was a big partier.
Sami poured a beer, then poured a shot into it.
Sami needed to tell Layla something.
Sami is gonna be in trouble tomorrow.
Sami is going to be in trouble tomorrow.
Sami reported this to the manager.
Sami has his sunglasses on.
Sami was putting the money in his tip jar.
Sami is having fun at the bar.
Sami was talking to his friends.
Sami was so drunk.
Sami was serving people.
Sami didn't need Layla anymore.
Sami was waiting for that time.
Sami gave Layla a piece of paper.
Sami handed Layla a piece of paper.
Sami was too drunk.
Sami was waiting for his manager.
Sami gave the money to his manager.
Sami's friends were there.
Sami was too drunk to drive home.
Sami was obviously too drunk to drive home.
Sami woke up to the smell of barbecue.
Sami tried calling his manager but he was not responding.
Sami's manager was so mad at him.
Sami was getting tipped fat that night.
Sami and Layla were standing on the patio, talking.
Sami gave Layla a job.
Sami gave Layla sixty dollars back.
Sami almost got fired on the 5th of July.
Sami worked as a server in restaurants.
Sami didn't want to miss that.
Sami wished Layla luck.
Sami kept watching the video.
Sami's YouTube videos are sponsored by Walmart.
Sami was working for them.
Sami kept all his information stored on his phone.
Sami was obsessed with that app.
Sami downloaded that app for free.
Sami has been watching Layla's videos for a while.
Sami always talked about his ex-girlfriend.
Sami and Layla had a horrendous breakup.
Sami's accident never happened.
Sami was dating a girl before Layla.
Sami worked at the same restaurant as Layla.
Sami went to college before Layla.
Sami moved back.
Sami trashed Layla's apartment.
Sami found out that Layla went back to her ex-boyfriend.
Sami was working at that restaurant.
Sami wasn't working there anymore.
Sami has worked there for a while.
Sami worked there for a little while.
Sami said something like that.
Sami wondered why Layla was so weird.
Sami has a story for you.
Sami worked there with his girlfriend.
Sami was texting other girls.
Sami had to work.
Sami needs to talk to the manager.
Sami was crying so hard.
Sami had the reputation for having dated that prostitute.
Sami worked at a different restaurant.
Layla started off as a hostess at the restaurant where Sami worked at.
Sami was standing right next to Layla.
Sami got used answering the office phone.
Sami worked for the restaurant for a little while.
Sami started serving at the restaurant.
Sami was trained to be a server.
Sami was serving a couple.
Sami was serving that table.
Sami took Layla's order.
Sami took the check and walked away.
Layla was the sweetest sweetheard ever.
Sami has just started serving.
Sami was drinking a drink that looked like a cocktail but it didn't have alcohol in it.
Sami's tray tipped over and fell.
Sami just stood there, frozen.
Layla had a navy-blue dress on.
Sami spilled a tray of drinks on a young lady.
Sami ruined Layla's prom.
Sami spilled a drink on Layla's prom dress.
Sami mentioned that at the beginning of the video.
Sami got a little tired of that.
Sami wanted to hear all about it.
Sami was traveling a lot to go visit Layla.
Sami has just finished visiting Layla.
Sami missed his flight.
Sami landed in Cairo around six p.m.
Sami had a sick feeling in his stomach.
Sami is an anxious traveler.
Sami got to the airport.
Sami's flight is gonna be delayed.
Sami's flight is going to be delayed.
Sami was sitting in the terminal, waiting for his flight.
Sami was trying to stay busy.
Sami was getting visibly annoyed.
Sami can't do anything to change the situation.
Sami's flight has been delayed again.
Sami is around Layla's age.
Sami's flight was super quick.
Sami turned his phone back on.
Sami turned his phone off.
Sami landed in Cairo.
Sami's flight from Cairo to Toronto has been canceled.
Sami was getting off the plane.
Sami was walking to the terminal.
Sami split ways with Layla.
Sami is losing his mind.
Sami's flight was the very last flight to Cairo that night.
Sami's flight was canceled.
Sami talked to the gate agent.
Sami waited in a line of probably fifty to sixty people.
Sami was screaming at the gate agents.
Sami's flight has been canceled.
Sami talked to a different gate agent.
Sami was screaming out at the airport.
Sami was walking to the next gate.
Sami has some bad news.
Sami's flight is full.
Sami's flight is leaving at six.
Sami needed to figure out what to do.
Sami isn't supposed to be on that flight.
Sami's flight was full.
Sami has to go home.
Sami was stranded at that airport.
Sami was stranded in Cairo.
Sami could be there for sixteen hours.
Sami was flying back to Cairo.
Sami's flight was leaving in thirty minutes.
Sami took that flight and went home.
Sami got on that flight.
Sami got on the wrong flight.
Sami had no toothbrush.
Layla had no makeup.
Sami got on the flight.
Sami breathed a sigh of relief.
Sami was playing a hockey game that night.
Sami helped Layla out so much.
Sami still hasn't heard from Layla.
Sami was dating Layla at the time.
Layla was dating that guy at the time.
Sami was so exhausted.
Sami's flight is at six in the morning.
Sami finally got back to his house at six in the morning.
Sami called the lady who was watching his dog.
Sami had a huge farm in Ontario.
Sami called the airline.
Sami was trying to reschedule his flight.
Sami has to buy a new ticket.
Sami was just young and dumb.
Sami took another flight.
Sami used all of his money on that plane ticket.
Sami was so broke at the time.
Sami waited until the prices dropped down.
Sami went to that store.
Sami was wearing those glasses regularly.
Sami got stranded in Cairo.
Sami tried to open the airplane door.
Sami can probably hear that.
Sami was interested in hearing that.
Sami took that trip a year ago.
Sami was Farid's best Facebook friend.
Sami had just moved to Cairo the day before.
Sami has been driving for six days straight.
Sami felt a little bit stressed.
Sami stopped at a cafe for a glass of wine.
Sami and Layla were incredibly drunk.
Sami and Layla were incredibly loud.
Sami boarded the plane.
Sami checked in.
Sami checked in and boarded the plane.
Sami saw Layla in the cafe.
Sami never talked about it.
Sami had claustrophobia.
Sami sat in an aisle seat.
Sami chose an aisle seat.
Sami picked an aisle seat.
Sami sat in the first aisle seat.
Sami sat in the first available aisle seat.
Sami was reeking of alcohol.
Sami needed drinks.
Sami needs to get some drinks.
Sami was sitting in the window seat.
Sami's plane hasn't even taken off.
What do you feel for me?
What concerns most people is the air they breathe, the food they eat and the water they drink - water that helps to grow the food they eat.
Buying an apartment is both exciting and scary.
Where are the newspapers?
I'm giving him my phone number.
I'm giving her my phone number.
The little cat is sitting on the trash.
Where is your key?
"I am about to melt," said the stone to the root ball. She replied, "What about me?"
Doing your best is better than doing nothing at all.
A glass of water will do you good.
We will start work soon.
I am the only one in the group who can not speak French.
Let's think about the worst that can happen.
Switzerland is the country of the railways.
Did you taste the chicken?
I will not be able to do this without your help.
Where is the pen?
I know, I know.
Tom came into my office and closed the door.
Every day I get up at o'clock.
We are going to move house, but I still don't know where we are moving to.
In China, southern people eat rice as staple food; northern people eat wheaten food as staple food.
If I knew you were sick, I would have gone to the hospital to pay you a visit.
His son has talent, but cannot pass the college entrance exam.
His upper body looks like it has the shape of an inverted triangle; standing there, he seems extremely handsome!
Shanghai is so prosperous; notably it was after the port was opened for trade one hundred and sixty years ago that things started to change.
You smell it. Do five spice tea eggs smell good?
Juan died from tuberculosis.
Sami told us another crazy story about his crazy life.
Sami scammed Layla out of money.
Sami has been watching this channel for a while.
Sami hasn't seen that.
Sami didn't want to name that company.
Sami was super angry.
Sami was vengeful.
Sami didn't necessarily do anything illegal.
Sami didn't do anything illegal.
Sami worked for a clothing company.
Sami loved Layla's tutorials.
Sami loved Layla's YouTube tutorials.
Sami loved Layla's videos.
Sami loved Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami loved Layla's job.
Sami wanted to do a video.
Sami paid the minimum price.
Sami's company is based in Egypt.
Sami answered e-mails.
Sami is an Arabic translator.
Sami received the first e-mail back from Layla.
Sami heard a lot about those products.
Sami wanted to try those products.
Sami did a video.
Sami was paid through Paypal.
Sami did another video with Layla.
Sami wrote back.
Sami hated those products.
Sami really enjoyed the clothing.
Sami got free clothes.
Sami's YouTube channel performed really well.
Sami owned several companies.
Sami was e-mailing so many different customers.
Sami was used to that.
Sami thinks it's great.
Sami did several videos.
Sami did several videos with Layla.
Sami gave Layla a discount.
Sami was done doing those videos.
Sami loved seeing those videos.
Sami was super honest about it.
Sami really enjoyed these clothes.
Sami got paid next to nothing.
Sami got contacted again by that company.
Sami did two videos about that.
Sami loved Christmas.
Sami wore a sweater.
Sami offered Layla a good salary.
Sami doesn't have the budget.
Sami was super busy.
Sami really loved seeing that.
Sami isn't going to make a video.
Sami tried the clothes on.
Sami doesn't have access to those e-mails anymore.
Sami got an e-mail from his company.
Sami is coming after Christmas.
Sami made another video about that.
Sami canceled the order.
Sami didn't send the package on time.
Sami is doing a video.
Sami sent Layla the link to his video.
Sami asked Layla to put his logo in her video.
Sami was helping Layla out.
Sami made the video public.
Sami was waiting for Layla's e-mail.
Sami isn't paying Layla.
Sami is going to be paid for that video.
Sami's payment will be sent soon.
Sami found that really annoying.
Sami knows what is going on.
Sami paid you already.
Sami hasn't received any payment from the company.
Sami started e-mailing Layla regularly.
Sami didn't get a notification for a payment.
Sami didn't get paid.
Sami asked Layla to pay him.
Sami accidentally deleted the e-mail.
Sami ended up blocking Layla.
Sami was so mad at himself for not screenshotting Layla's e-mails.
Sami was looking at his e-mail history.
Sami sent over sixty e-mails to Layla.
Sami is planning on suing this company.
Sami was blocked by Layla.
Sami got e-mails from sixteen different girls.
Sami was never paid for the work that he did for Layla.
Sami is not making a video.
Sami was paid for the video.
Sami betrayed his co-workers.
Sami worked at a restaurant.
Sami ended up quitting.
Sami has never met Layla before.
Sami never forgets this.
Sami worked at a mall.
Sami kept calling Layla "darling."
Sami was paying all of Layla's bills.
Sami was there for the daytime service.
Sami was a nice guy.
Sami didn't need to work.
Sami didn't have the need to work.
Sami was always complaining.
Sami wanted to go and hang out with his family.
Sami doesn't want to do this job.
Sami offered to do that job.
Sami had the money to do it.
Sami just took the money and didn't complain.
Sami started catching wind of Layla offering to pay people to cover for her.
Sami took Layla's shift that night.
Sami constantly called Layla.
Sami asked Layla to work for him.
Sami offered to pay Layla to take his shift.
Sami hated the night shift.
Sami picked up Layla's shift.
Sami would joke about it.
Sami was scheduled that night.
Sami doesn't want to work tonight.
Sami wanted to make extra money.
Sami was very busy during the day.
Sami was very busy during the day at work.
Sami is on the phone and he wants to talk to you.
Sami was losing money.
Sami can't work tonight.
Sami didn't want to work that night.
Sami offered Layla sixty dollars.
Sami kept asking Layla to work for him.
Sami was getting so sick of Layla doing this.
Sami likes the way Layla thinks.
Sami was pretty busy.
Sami is on the phone and he wants to talk to Layla.
Sami called Layla every single weekend.
Sami wants Layla to work for him.
Sami wants Layla to work for him tonight.
Sami came to my home to bring me the money.
Sami came to my work to bring me the money.
Sami will pay you.
Sami will come to your house right now and bring you the money.
Sami gave Layla the night off.
Sami was so sick and tired of Layla.
Sami was covering Layla's shifts.
Sami took the night off.
Sami loved his manager so much.
Sami brought Layla the money.
Sami did something really bad.
Sami's shift was covered.
Sami is never at work.
Sami is literally never at work.
Sami got a text.
Sami got a text and it was from Layla.
Sami worked that night.
Sami was walking around the mall.
Sami wasn't working that night.
Sami was literally so angry.
Sami worked together for another six months after that.
Sami got over it and we started talking again.
Sami certainly doesn't feel bad about it.
Sami has been uploading six videos per week this month.
Layla was wearing a sweater with flowers on it.
Sami will be doing two science videos a week instead of one.
Sami wanted to follow Layla on YouTube.
Sami said he was still single.
Sami told Layla he was still single.
Sami had absolutely no idea.
Sami didn't want to expose anyone.
Sami was working at the bar that night.
Sami went to the area where Layla lived.
Sami would always go there.
Mennad visited Cairo.
Sami can't smoke here.
Sami can't some in this bar.
Sami and Layla are both servers.
Sami decided to walk into the bar.
Sami was wearing a cowboy hat.
Sami sat down right next to me.
Sami wasn't paying much attention to Layla.
Sami was talking about wedding songs.
Layla chose a beautiful wedding song for her wedding.
Layla chose a really sad song for her wedding.
Sami danced with his daughter.
Sami was really mistreated by his father.
Sami went to Layla's wedding.
Layla danced with her dad.
Sami gave other examples.
Sami was the cowboy that was sitting next to Layla.
Sami sat directly next to me.
Sami and Layla were just talking about music.
Sami was chiming in as well.
Sami and Layla were talking about cars and Farid was chiming in as well.
Sami has worked for the best of the best.
Sami is so rude.
Sami offered Layla a drink.
Sami is much better than you.
Sami has done music before.
Sami was talking about his band.
Sami has a band.
Sami and Layla have been married for almost six years.
Sami said marriage was a very touchy subject for him.
Sami didn't see himself getting married.
Sami didn't have anybody in mind.
Sami didn't really spend much time thinking about that.
Sami was profusely apologizing.
Sami didn't do anything crazy.
Sami didn't go into much detail.
Sami felt very bad for Layla.
Sami's ex-wife is married now.
Sami was texting his wife.
Sami was typing something on his cellphone.
Layla was texting her husband.
Sami was trying to show me the picture without showing it to Layla.
Sami was much older than Layla.
Sami doesn't come here often.
Sami is moving back to Cairo in like six days.
Sami was hoping he and Layla could hang out and spend some time together.
Sami is moving in six days.
Sami seems like a great guy.
Sami found Layla very attractive.
Sami came with Layla.
Sami looked so familiar.
Sami has seen Layla before.
Sami saw Layla on TV.
Sami didn't recognize Layla at all.
Sami recognized Layla from that TV show.
Sami's name sounded so familiar.
Sami was on that show.
Sami remembers Farid and his ex-wife.
Sami never contacted that person.
Sami saw Layla all over the tabloids.
Sami was a super nice guy.
Sami will find a great girl some day.
Sami started replaying things that Layla had said to him.
Sami returned the lost dog to its owner.
Sami was interested in hearing that story.
Sami attended college.
Sami had a better option.
Sami's university wasn't too far from his house.
Sami was dating an ex.
Sami lived in an on-campus apartment.
Sami had an apartment to himself.
Sami's apartment was a couple floors down.
Sami stayed in his apartment.
Sami spent the majority of the time at Layla's apartment.
Sami used to eat ice cream every single night.
Sami couldn't fall asleep without ice cream.
Sami used to go to the grocery store every single night.
Sami's campus is downtown.
Sami was driving home from the gym.
Sami had to go there every night.
Sami will come with you.
Sami went to that grocery store.
Sami and Layla are arguing.
Sami found a little dog in his backyard.
Sami lives in a cold area.
Sami is looking for his dog.
Sami was asking about his dog.
Sami has to find this dog's owner.
Sami hasn't seen anyone.
Sami doesn't know anyone.
Sami could be kicked out of his apartment.
Sami didn't want to leave that dog out in the cold.
Sami brought the dog to his own apartment.
Sami bought some food for the dog from the grocery store.
Sami was going up in the elevator.
Sami hid the little dog in his jacket.
Sami's dog slept in the bed with him.
Sami named the dog "Farid."
Sami took the dog to the animal shelter.
Sami spent an entire hour on the phone with Layla.
Sami found a lost dog on the beach.
Sami took the lost do to an animal shelter.
Sami was on the phone with Layla for ever.
Sami's dog is missing.
Sami's dog was found.
Sami was trying to reunite that dog with its owner.
Sami doesn't know where that dog came from.
Sami isn't allowed to have a dog in that on-campus apartment.
Sami was very rednecky.
Sami's cat popped its head out of his jacket.
Sami has a dog in his jacket.
Sami was taking the dog to the animal shelter.
Sami lost his dog a couple of weeks ago.
He dug his own grave.
Sami said that that dog was his.
Sami was about to start crying himself.
Sami was about to start crying.
Sami brought the dog home.
Sami handed that dog to Layla.
Sami's dog was in Layla's arms.
Sami reunited that dog with its owner.
Sami was on his way back.
Sami was on his way back from the gym.
Sami went to a convenience store.
Sami got some snacks from a convenience store.
Sami never takes that door.
Sami took the elevator.
Sami spent the night with Layla's dog.
Sami told me that this was his dog.
Layla was hysterically crying.
Sami was sobbing.
Sami found his dog.
Sami ended up finding his dog.
Sami lived across the street from the grocery store.
Sami can't bring the dog in his on-campus apartment.
Sami put flyers of his lost dog on every single building.
Sami found Layla's dog on a busy road.
Sami and Layla ended up becoming friends on Facebook.
Sami was trying to steal Layla's dog.
Sami said the dog was reunited with his owner.
Sami got his dog back.
Sami's story had a happy ending.
Sami helped reunite a dog with its owner.
Sami did his best.
Sami did his best to help Layla find her lost dog.
Sami vlogged every single night.
Sami is wearing glasses.
Sami has never been here before.
Sami's story is 100% accurate.
Sami's story really happened.
Sami didn't know his grandfather well.
Sami went to his grandfather's funeral.
Sami comes from a family of six kids.
Sami doesn't really know that side of the family very well.
Sami didn't know Layla's kids.
Sami and Layla were the same age.
Sami went to that Christmas party together.
Sami doesn't really know that branch of the family.
Sami's family is really rich.
Sami's family is filthy rich.
Sami felt like it was very important to mention that.
Sami and his siblings got together for the Christmas party.
Sami went to a very big mall in Cairo.
Sami went to a huge mall in Cairo.
Sami got ready for the Christmas party that night.
Sami has never been to that mall.
Sami was shopping in this mall.
Sami went to a Christmas store.
Sami bought Layla a Christmas sweater.
Sami's sweater is the ugliest sweater I have ever seen in my entire life.
Sami rejected this lifestyle.
Sami's grandfather really rejected that lifestyle.
Sami has a picture from that night.
Sami was getting ready for that party.
Sami was ready to go to the party.
Sami was holding a Christmas party.
Sami fell in love with that song.
Sami had so much fun.
Sami has never been to Layla's house.
Sami parked his car and gave his keys to the valet.
Sami wore a very nice sweater.
Sami could feel everyone's eyes on him.
Sami was walking in.
Sami was a relative of ours.
Sami didn't like Layla's sweater.
Sami made his way to the bar.
Sami reached into his wallet and gave the bartender his ID.
Sami barely turned sixteen.
Sami barely made it.
Sami is sixteen as well.
Sami gave the bartender his ID.
Sami didn't know us.
Sami was that annoying person at the party.
Sami loves talking.
Sami walked over to that girl and introduced himself.
Sami was standing in front of Layla.
Sami overheard Layla and Farid talking about that.
Sami dropped out college.
Sami wondered where he was.
Sami overheard Layla and Farid talking about the inheritance.
Sami overhead Layla and Frid talking about the money.
Sami was in a huge living room.
Sami was in Layla's group.
Sami was not born in June.
Sami wasn't born in June.
Sami was standing with Layla's group.
Sami was so loud.
Sami was so loud and everyone was staring at him.
Sami didn't really know anyone else.
Sami loved Layla's voice.
Sami's kids did a song performance.
Sami is ready to go home.
Sami insisted that all of the children take part in this.
Sami is singing a song.
Sami spent the rest of the night with Layla.
Sami just stood in a corner.
Sami knew this branch of the family very well.
Sami didn't want to be rude to his parents.
Sami hasn't been back there since.
Sami didn't like the party.
Sami was at an engagement party.
Sami was at that party and he didn't even know the person who was getting engaged.
Sami is uploading a new video.
Sami was really protective of his friends.
Sami came to Layla's engagement party.
Sami has seen Layla at different parties.
Sami and Layla have never had a conversation.
Layla is an angel.
Sami's Christmas tree is already up.
Sami loves Christmas festivities.
Sami was holding an engagement party for his daughter.
Sami had to bring sixty bucks.
Sami paid his portion.
Sami didn't really know anyone.
Sami is a friend of a friend.
Sami started getting e-mails from Layla.
Sami was planning a surprise for his daugther at her engagement party.
Sami just not that type of person.
Sami isn't going to be able to do that.
Layla will make you lose your mind.
Sami planned a flash mob for Layla's wedding party.
The humidity is killing me.
Sami lives in a gigantic house.
Sami and Layla are having a great time.
Sami drove for several hours.
Sami and Layla were having drinks.
Sami and Layla drank two bottles of ros.
Sami can spot a douchebag from a mile.
Sami wanted to ask Layla something.
Sami really thinks you're cute.
Sami wasn't into Layla.
Sami couldn't hide it.
Layla called her boyfriend.
Sami was with his friend, Farid.
Sami and Layla sat in a row together.
Sami literally knew no one at the party.
Sami literally knew no one there.
Sami sat next to a couple.
Sami is a social person.
Sami literally knew no one.
Sami was very inebriated.
Sami is very sweet.
Sami sat next to a married couple.
Sami kept trying to get Layla to sign up to Facebook.
Sami appreciated that.
Sami was at that party by himself.
Sami and Layla didn't start dating until six months later.
Sami was having a great time.
Sami was drinking a glass of ros.
Sami smelt a very unpleasant smell.
Sami noticed the smell.
Sami came back and sat with me.
Sami pooped his pants.
Sami and Layla were joking back and forth about that.
Sami received an e-mail.
Sami got back to the house.
Sami went to the house.
Sami headed back in.
Sami decorated the backyard.
Sami's party was really nice.
Sami was so silly.
Sami was following us around.
Sami didn't make Layla feel unwelcomed.
Sami decided to do it.
Sami congratulated his students.
Sami shat his pants.
Sami and Layla started dancing.
Sami joined the flash mob.
Sami started to drink water.
Sami took an Uber.
Sami has already left the party.
Sami kept following us around everywhere.
Sami told Layla to go away.
Sami wanted to be nice.
Sami and Layla were talking about birthdays.
Sami's birthday was six days after Christmas.
Sami's birthday party was the worst.
Sami's birthday is on Christmas.
Sami likes to celebrate Halloween.
Sami flew off the handle.
Aart made a racist statement in front of me.
Sami was holding a glass of champagne.
Sami poured the glass of champagne on Layla's shoes.
Sami was laughing very loudly.
Sami can take Layla home.
Sami wanted to stay a little bit longer.
Sami ended up getting arrested.
Sami was arrested in his Al Capone costume on Halloween.
Sami uploaded six new videos last week.
Sami made that video to attack Layla.
Sami doesn't want to get in trouble anymore.
Sami is gonna be sixteen years old in two and a half months.
Sami is going to be sixteen years old in two and a half months.
Sami was sixteen when his little brother was born.
Sami saw a message pop up.
Sami had a messgae pop up. It was from Layla.
Sami looked at the address.
Sami lives in a really nice area of town.
Sami waited outside, in the car.
Sami lives in a gigantic mansion.
Sami is in his mid-to-late sixties.
Sami opened the door to his house.
Sami's house was eerie and dark.
Sami's house was dark.
Sami's house seemed dark.
Sami's house seemed eerie.
Sami was trying to suppress his fear.
Sami needed a job.
Sami showed Layla around his mansion.
Sami was a very social guy.
Sami found that hard to explain.
Sami was just frozen.
Sami couldn't run.
Sami showed Layla his entire house.
Sami had six bedrooms upstairs.
Sami's balcony overlooks the entire backyard.
Sami asked Layla weird questions.
Sami considers himself a free spirit.
Sami was just trying to get a job.
Sami couldn't see any of them.
Sami's windows were closed.
Sami hired people to work at his parties.
Sami married a cocktail waitress.
Sami was interested in working at those parties.
Layla was there for a nannying job interview.
Sami was looking for that.
Sami's kid was watching a movie.
Sami felt stupid.
Sami headed down to the basement.
Sami has an elevator in his mansion.
Sami was in an elevator.
Sami will love Layla's kid.
Sami shouldn't be dumb like me.
Sami was typing a message.
Sami's son was in there, quietly watching a movie.
Sami had a small movie theater in his mansion.
Sami had a huge office in his mansion.
Sami had a huge pool in his mansion.
Sami considered himself an atheist.
Layla had nothing to do with childcare.
Sami contacted Layla on a website.
Sami needed to leave.
Sami opened up the garage door.
Sami ran up the drive way.
Layla told everything to her boyfriend.
Sami will never have to go back there.
Sami died that night.
Sami spent the majority of his life in Egypt.
Sami died in a mass shooting.
Sami and Layla can be friends.
The sadness will go away.
Sami and Layla are new here.
I've lost them.
My brothers' names are Axel, Hatus and Arthur Kalel.
Sami is so good at doing this.
Sami's friends are in jail.
Sami looks like someone I know.
Sami had a job at a restaurant.
Sami had too many memories to share.
Sami downloaded the video for Layla.
Sami still can't believe to this day that this story is true.
Sami was really interested.
Sami worked in the kitchen.
Sami was out of prison.
Sami worked at a bad restaurant.
Sami would never say anything.
Sami hired a new kitchen guy.
Sami stood out to me because he had the same name as my brother.
Sami's manager was coming.
Sami isn't going to be coming in anymore. He has been fired.
Sami is going to prison for like sixteen years.
Sami is never going to say this.
Sami and Layla hung out all the time.
Sami and Layla always ate together.
Sami and Layla always worked together.
Sami and Layla are having so much fun.
Sami and Layla will be working together tomorrow.
Sami was working that day.
Sami's manager hated him.
Sami's father hated us.
Sami hated us.
Sami made it up.
Sami followed a very strict system.
Sami didn't care about the rules back then.
Sami followed a very rigorous system.
Sami was standing at the counter.
Sami was the lookout.
Sami has got to hide anything he is doing.
Sami did this literally every week for like literally a year.
Sami did funny things on Instagram.
Sami did a similar thing.
Sami loved that song.
Sami got in so much trouble.
Sami was screaming out Layla's name.
Sami got so annoyed.
Sami thought it was so funny.
Sami was in tears all the time.
Sami is another server.
Sami is a bit older than Layla.
Sami was a little creepy.
Sami knew Layla and loved her.
Sami didn't show up for work that day.
Sami just quit.
Sami showed up a few days after that.
Sami isn't working.
Sami hasn't shown up for a couple of shifts.
Sami is missing.
Sami said that Layla was missing.
Sami thought Layla was dead.
Sami walked in through the door.
Sami went to jail and didn't tell anyone.
Sami worked with us.
Sami went to jail for a little bit.
Sami had to go away for a little while.
Sami has forgotten Layla's name.
Sami caled Layla "Lily."
Sami called me "Layla."
Sami told Layla that his name wasn't "Farid."
Sami is one of the kitchen guys.
Sami knew her name.
Sami is the most awkward human on the planet.
Sami was maybe sixteen at the time.
Sami made a really bad decision that night.
Sami saw a girl pop up on his Instagram.
Sami can't remember the timeline.
Sami came back to visit Cairo.
Sami has two home provinces: Ontario and British Columbia.
Layla was dating someone.
Sami came back to visit.
Sami stayed at his old apartment.
Sami didn't live there anymore.
Sami drank some cheap drinks.
Sami walked over to the bar.
Sami couldn't even smell it.
Sami went to the bar.
Sami and Layla were hanging out at the bar.
Sami came to meet us.
Sami and Layla ordered drinks.
Sami has just freshly turned sixteen.
Sami was hilarious.
Sami wasn't my type.
Layla was bragging about how amazing her boyfriend was.
Layla talked about how her relationship with her boyfriend was so strong.
Sami talked about how he used to live there.
Sami thinks Layla is really cute.
Layla knows that every guy says that.
Sami was talking about the amazing things that he did at work.
Sami's girlfriend was so snarky.
Sami was watching a scary movie.
Sami kept getting closer to me.
Sami was whispering things in my ear.
Layla was annoyed by Sami.
Sami ate breakfast with his dad.
Sami is in a relationship now.
Sami is the happiest man in the world.
Sami didn't take any of this seriously.
Sami was really cute.
Sami and Layla were both single.
Sami gave me his number.
Sami didn't hear back from Layla.
Sami lives in Cairo and Layla lives in Toronto. They are not close to each other.
Sami never heard from Layla again after that.
Sami was moving from Cairo to Alexandria.
Sami said that was the year of unlucky love for him.
Sami posted a new video on YouTube.
Sami is going to film another video.
Sami posted a little clip on YouTube.
Sami and Layla lived far apart.
Sami and Layla lived a world apart.
Sami and Layla live half a world apart.
Sami was waiting for Layal.
Sami was sitting in the parking lot, waiting for Layla.
Sami was talking about Layla in the video.
Sami forgot Layla's phone number.
Sami forgot Layla's number.
Sami went through his phone contacts and found Layla's number.
Sami started putting two and two together.
Sami is someone who knows Layla.
Sami tells stories about his life on his YouTube channel.
Sami still follows Layla on Snapchat.
Sami unfollowed Layla on Snapchat.
Sami doesn't watch YouTube.
Sami went on Layla's Facebook.
Sami is a brilliant person.
Sami knows Layla's full name.
Sami sent a picture.
Sami immediately wrote to Layla.
Sami was so mortified.
Sami couldn't stop laughing.
Sami's story got jucier.
Sami's story started to get juicy.
Sami was sipping his glass of wine.
Sami is not going to let Layla do that.
Sami isn't going to let Layla do that.
Sami is the "Sami" from Facebook.
Sami still watched Layla's YouTube videos.
Sami met Layla when he was in Cairo.
Sami sent the link to over sixty of his Facebook friends.
Sami is making YouTube videos.
Mennad submitted the story to a local newspaper.
Sami was messaging like sixteen people at one time.
Sami is gonna be so sad.
Sami hid from his friend.
Sami is talking to another girl.
Sami sent Layla questions.
Sami doesn't know many people who do YouTube.
Sami was getting ready to meet his friend for lunch break.
Sami was posting song lyrics on his Facebook page.
Sami doesn't know their names.
Sami went to Layla's work.
Sami has just seen the list.
Sami still has Layla's number.
Sami is gonna come find me and kill me.
Sami is going to come find me and kill me.
Sami still followed Layla on Snapchat.
Sami told stories about his life on his YouTube channel.
Sami doesn't know how Facebook works.
Sami loved Layla so much.
Sami's full name was his Snapchat name as well.
Sami found Layla on Snapchat.
Layla had some sexy pictures on Instagram.
Sami wanted to know what he had to do next.
He went in the opposite direction.
James went in the opposite direction.
Let's not talk about religion, OK?
The coffee's ready.
I value your candor.
Don't you think my nose is beautiful?
I used to feel like that.
I just wanted to say "Hi".
Tom flipped his phone open.
Tom still has a flip phone.
You should never leave your makeup on overnight.
I understand you better than she does.
I understand you better than he does.
I'm the only one who understands you.
I work as a secretary on a farm.
I work in a Welsh school.
I am an unemployed teacher.
I'm a secretary.
I am a Welsh-speaking actor in a theatre.
Bring them something to eat.
Reading and writing in Kabyle has become our duty.
Come to me!
My wife has too much work.
My hope is gone, I do not know where it is.
I did not see or hear anything.
They were active.
I did not sleep until sunrise.
Don't let anybody in.
When it came to boyfriends, she was more interested in beefcake than brains.
He had a beefcake physique that suggested he spent half his life in the gym.
To spice up the design, he added some decorative shapes with a dingbat font.
The head of the cult was a total dingbat with some really crazy beliefs.
These days, it seems that any dingbat who's starred in a couple of films feels qualified to run for President.
I hope you'll get by.
Only a total grinch could object to kids having fun, even if they are making a bit of noise.
The politicians who made these cuts in social welfare must be hard-hearted grinches.
When it comes to Christmas I'm a bit of grinch - I can't stand all the present giving and compulsory cheerfulness.
His inflammatory speech could be construed as an act of war.
The new immigration law shouldn't be construed as an excuse not to meet our obligations to genuine refugees.
She could construe irregular Latin verbs without a moment's hesitation.
He had no original ideas of his own - everything was purloined from other writers.
She had a collection of luxurious towels purloined from the world's finest hotels.
He made some money on the side by purloining secrets from his employer and selling them to the competition.
Chinese phone companies are beginning to make serious inroads into the US market.
If the government is serious about making inroads into the backlog of asylum applications, they should allocate additional funding.
She could never find the motivation to make significant inroads into the work piling up in her in-tray.
She had a posh accent, a private education, and a wardrobe of preppy clothes.
She had a posh accent, an expensive private education, and a wardrobe full of preppy clothes.
It was a snobbish club full of preppy airheads.
Don't you have a place to live?
You helped me out.
You've been helping me out.
For tomorrow, I had other plans.
I had other plans for tomorrow.
For tomorrow, I have other plans.
I have other plans for tomorrow.
They all turned their backs on him.
Spend the night with us, and I'll take you in the morning.
Stay the night with us, and I'll take you in the morning.
They are fakes.
They are forged.
They are counterfeit.
They are fake.
Do you have a place to live?
I'll give you two hours to get ready.
I feel that she's here somewhere.
I feel that she's somewhere around here.
Something was hanging on the coat rack.
I didn't know she loved me.
I didn't know that she loved me.
It's not very nice.
It's not very pleasant.
It's not very polite.
I didn't know he liked me.
I didn't know that he liked me.
Observe the speed limits!
Respect the speed limits!
Keep to the speed limits!
Siberia is one of the green lungs of the planet.
We could not agree on anything.
We couldn't agree about anything.
We could not agree about anything.
Do you think I don't know what you and Tom were talking about?
Do you think I don't know why you divorced?
The beginning of the story is interesting.
The start of the story is interesting.
Tom and Mary were on board the Mayflower.
Tom is something of a poet.
Do not laugh at the weak-minded and the disabled.
Don't tell lies to people.
I dreamt I found a million dinars.
Do not be evil.
He is a shepherd, like his father.
He's better than me in everything.
Did you see her often?
You can't even change a nappy.
Tom loves potato crisps.
Layla was Sami's pregnant child.
Who's that cute girl?
I've never heard this word in my village.
When will we travel to France?
Who's that fat man?
We are in my family.
Listen when your teacher is speaking.
Write with the right hand.
Why didn't you go with your mother?
Come on, it'll be fun.
Tom grew up without running water.
Tom is a total beginner.
How about some music?
That's something I try not to think about.
You two go ahead.
What do you guys want to eat?
It's a symbol of friendship.
Tom likes to smile.
Mary likes to smile.
Could you bake a cake like that?
Tom drew a picture of a squirrel.
Tom drew a picture of a squirrel on the cake.
Tom and Mary have nothing in the world except each other.
Tom and Mary had nothing in the world except each other.
He was wearing enormous size clodhoppers.
How do you expect me to turn this clumsy clodhopper into an athlete?
She was such a good dancer she made him feel like a clodhopper.
Tom was harsh and unkind to Mary.
We have just read the book.
We've just read the book.
Tom is fishing.
Tom hummed along.
The elephant is a powerful animal.
Tom hummed along as Mary sang.
I already have a lot of requests.
The summer holidays are over.
I'm half dead.
Your son is a real hero.
My first car was red.
I'm a little hoarse.
We had to think about it first.
Tom hummed along with the song.
Where can it have disappeared to?
There are cherry trees next to the hedge.
I have a sandwich to eat.
Tom cross-examined the witness.
The lawyer cross-examined the witness.
Oswald has a black hamster.
I'm looking for inspiration to create new sentences.
Pedro died after a prolonged illness.
Pedro survived.
At Christmas and Easter the church is packed.
This is a sugar bowl.
I forgot where I put the umbrella.
You were only doing your job.
Whatever it takes!
At any cost!
They are playing together.
Give me some more coffee please.
I like your horse.
I'll show you the town.
Tomorrow we'll go to the mountains.
Please wake me at six am.
Please wake me at six in the morning.
They traveled by boat.
After many sacrifices we have finally reached our goal.
This pillow is softer than the other one.
Is it true that you kissed her?
Is it true that you kissed him?
Is it true that you kissed Mary?
No one understands you like I do.
I'm just trying to understand you.
Tom rested his chin in his hands.
I'll tell you a story tomorrow. I promise.
He was willing to give up everything for her.
Tom was willing to give up everything for Mary.
Isn't that overkill?
Tom is better at this than I am.
You're better at this than I am.
There are many dangers ahead.
Many dangers lie ahead.
Which is the tallest mountain in Europe?
The movie isn't as good as the book.
The first girl I ever kissed was Mary.
The first boy I ever kissed was Tom.
Tom was the first boy I ever kissed.
I like the Catalan language.
I want to learn Breton.
Tomorrow I will apply for the Kurdish course.
Sami baptised his children.
Sami got baptised.
Sami became rich.
Sami is rich now.
Sami will explain.
Sami won six thousand dollars.
Sami was going to one of his cousins' wedding.
Sami loves Layla to death.
Sami and his wife love music.
Sami can't use any of those.
Sami kept waiting.
Sami kept checking.
Sami kept checking the prices.
Sami doesn't make a ton of money.
Sami would do the same for me.
Sami and Layla arrived around the same time.
Sami and Layla left around the same time.
Sami didn't know Egypt was so beautiful.
Sami's flight home was scheduled through Cairo.
Sami was going to travel with his cousin and his friend.
Sami was one of the last people to leave.
Sami was going back to leave.
Sami checked in for his flight.
Sami was talking to a gate agent.
Sami argued with the gate agent.
Sami was arguing with the gate agent.
Sami had a very heavy bag.
Sami checked his bags.
Sami's bag was super heavy.
Sami didn't have his laptop.
Sami checked his bag.
Sami was checking his bag.
Sami was looking for volunteers.
Sami was interested in volunteering.
Sami needs to get home.
Sami used to travel a lot.
Sami would always do it.
Sami gave up his seat.
Sami heard his dad's voice.
Sami's flight is not leaving until tomorrow morning.
Sami is flying back with his cousin.
Sami doesn't have a bag.
Sami was sitting at the gate, waiting to board the plane.
Sami gave up his seat on that flight.
Sami was assigned a seat on that plane.
Sami's friends started to show up.
Sami came to the front.
Sami just wanted to leave.
Sami jumped up out of his seat.
Sami is not coming tomorrow.
Sami was watching Layla's dog.
Sami just got married yesterday.
Sami is coming to stay with us for the night.
Sami hung up with them.
Sami was rich.
Sami was talking to the gate agent.
Sami can't buy that bag.
Sami couldn't get his bag back.
Sami came to pick me up.
Sami had the best night in his life.
Sami and Layla talked about the wedding.
Sami drank beer by the pool.
Sami drank beer.
Sami was sitting by the pool.
Sami was standing by the pool.
Sami said goodbye.
Sami didn't have to check his bags.
Sami gave up his seat again.
Sami really needs to go home.
Sami is wearing the same things as yesterday.
Sami isn't going to say anything.
Sami will let you know.
Sami hasn't checked in yet.
Sami was given two drink tickets.
Sami got a thousand-dollar flight voucher.
Sami hasn't shown up.
Sami was reaching into his pocket.
Tom will let you know.
Sami had two drinks on that flight.
Sami didn't see Layla's last video.
Sami was very ill.
Sami wanted to do that video.
Sami was interested in seeing that video.
Sami is not going to lie.
Sami isn't going to lie.
Sami was in the mood to do something fun.
Sami is getting older.
Sami lived in Ontario.
Sami was in the mood to have a really wild crazy evening.
Sami and Layla got together for Christmas.
Sami was known to go out.
Sami never goes to bars.
Sami was in the mood to do that.
Sami had six drinks.
Sami went to a bar.
Sami doesn't want to offend anyone.
Sami got in an Uber.
Sami hopped in an Uber.
Sami doesn't want to be alone.
Sami was still out by midnight.
Sami stopped at the place he was supposed to stop.
Sami was looking for an Uber.
Sami was waiting in a huge line.
Sami got in line.
Sami is waiting in line.
Sami doesn't know who that is.
Sami paid sixty dollars.
Sami will pay for it later.
Laughs best who laughs last.
Sami waited for like fifteen minutes.
Sami and Layla celebrated the New Year's countdown at a bar.
Sami was just standing there, trying to kill time.
Sami is very friendly.
Layla has just finished her hair.
Sami was checking ID's.
Sami was a bouncer.
Sami was the bouncer and he was checking ID's.
Sami celebrated the New Year with Layla.
Sami celebrated the New Year at a bar.
Sami is paying cash.
Sami didn't even think about that.
Sami doesn't have cash.
Sami doesn't have cash on him.
Sami was taking cash.
Sami paid cash to get in.
Sami paid cash to get into the bar.
Sami got his car ready.
Sami worked at the register.
Sami was so confused.
Sami's manager came up.
Sami can't hear Layla because the music is so loud.
Sami shouldn't look down.
Sami went to his friends.
Sami didn't pay them.
Sami paid sixty dollars to get into that bar.
Sami was letting everyone in.
Sami was in front of Layla.
Sami is in front of Layla.
Sami kept checking his phone every minute.
Sami had another friend who was bartending.
Sami gave Layla a glass of champagne.
Sami was the bartender.
Layla is a grandma.
Layla is an old lady.
Sami drank some wine and threw up the whole night.
Sami wanted another round.
Sami and Layla wanted another round.
Sami was drinking his drink.
Sami took his sixth shot.
Sami was waiting for the countdown.
Sami bought a bunch of balloons.
Sami pulled the string down.
Sami was just staring.
Sami felt really bad for them.
Sami paid a lot of money for that.
Sami finished his glass of champagne.
Sami bought Layla a shot.
Sami pretended he was taking his shot.
Sami didn't buy Layla another shot.
Sami was surrounded by drunk people.
Sami and Layla were screaming at each other.
Sami doesn't go out.
Sami didn't go out.
Sami went to a house party.
Sami is having a party at his place.
Sami is just too old.
Sami had something to do in the morning.
Sami has totally forgotten.
Sami needed to go home.
Sami took an Uber home.
Sami closed the app.
Sami closed the app and reopened it.
Sami just wanted to get home.
Sami took a sixty-dollar Uber ride home.
Sami hopes Layla is happy.
Sami is already in his pyjamas.
Sami wanted to know more about Layla's daily life.
Sami and Layla were reminiscing on that time.
One more step and you're dead!
Come on, Ali, don't be silly.
Sami died in a snowstorm.
Sami was contacted by Al-Jazeera.
Sami was working at a restaurant in Cairo.
Sami likes snow.
Sami lived there at the time.
Sami said it didn't often snow like that.
Sami drove a salt truck.
Sami couldn't go to school because roads were closed down.
Sami couldn't go to school because of the snowstorm.
Sami can't remember if he talked about this or not.
Sami lived in a small town.
Sami didn't take this route to work.
Sami was giving updates on the weather.
Sami's restaurant was in the mall.
Sami can access the restaurant from the mall.
Sami said the mall was closed.
Sami's restaurant was in the mall but it had its own entrance.
Sami was in a cul-de-sac.
Sami couldn't get out of his neighborhood.
Sami's restaurant was still open.
Sami was there by himself.
Sami has a shovel.
Sami delivered Layla her pizza.
Sami was working underneath the house.
Sami ordered the pizza.
Sami and Layla were shoveling the path.
Sami was stranded in the snow.
Sami needs to come.
Sami needs to come in today.
Sami said the entire mall was closed.
Sami picked Layla up and they were on their way to work.
Sami and Layla were on their way to work.
Sami came to get me.
Sami asked for the name of the general manager.
Sami wants to know where this place is.
Sami's restaurant stayed open.
Sami got stranded in the snow.
Sami is from Ontario and drives in the snow all the time.
Sami hired one cook.
Sami kept the doors locked and pretended he was closed.
Sami makes sixty dollars an hour.
Sami drove around the mall.
Sami's car ran off the road and got stuck.
Sami was looking through the windows.
Sami doesn't need to risk his life.
Sami wanted to eat at a restaurant.
Sami tried to get into the store but the door was locked.
Sami stayed open.
Sami's store stayed open.
Sami unlocked the doors.
Sami pretended that he was busy.
Sami is not working.
Sami was stuck in a gigantic snowstorm.
Sami had no customers that day.
Sami hired a new bartender.
Sami was standing and talking.
Sami was about to explode.
Layla was the only woman there.
Sami said it so rude.
Sami was walking away.
Sami was back there.
Sami is not even getting paid for this.
Sami was driving me home.
Sami checked that Facebook post again.
Sami had so many private messages.
Sami is going to take care of you.
Sami has just seen your post.
Sami would love to help you in any way he can.
Sami doesn't want to be on the news.
Sami's restaurant is going to be open.
Sami's restaurant was the only business open at the mall.
Sami shouldn't take Layla too seriously.
Sami subscribed to my YouTube channel.
Sami got robbed.
Sami wanted to know more about that job.
Sami has got a lot of stories.
Sami told us a funny story.
Sami kept watching Layla's video.
Sami was the bar manager.
Sami moved to another place.
Sami was having a really bad night.
Sami is working there now.
Sami was the person that hired me.
Sami started working there in June.
Sami was bossing Layla around.
Sami and Layla went to a bar.
Sami is going to leave.
Sami didn't want Layla to leave.
Sami doesn't want Layla to leave.
Sami was making out with Layla.
Sami was bossing Layla around the entire night.
Sami was sucking face with Layla.
Sami was waiting for a cab to come get him and it never did.
Sami and Layla were too drunk to drive home.
Sami was waiting for a cab.
Sami was waiting for a cab to come get him.
Sami was waiting for a cab to come pick him up.
Sami took a dump.
Sami takes a dump every morning.
Sami is my favorite person in the entire world.
Sami does a lot of things.
Sami didn't like you.
Sami was very easily manipulated.
Sami worked at different restaurants.
Sami would be surprised.
Sami's restaurant was always in shambles.
Sami talked to us.
Sami told me everything.
Sami had sixty pieces of silverware to roll.
Sami taught Layla how to roll the silverware.
Sami learned how to roll the silverware.
Sami needs to roll the silverware.
Sami is going to get fired.
Sami didn't have any silverware.
Sami needs to roll the silverware before he leaves.
Sami needs to roll the silverware before he gets off work.
Sami's kids are my worst nightmare.
Sami remembered asking Layal.
Sami went to get me a Starbucks.
Sami sent Layla to get him a Starbucks.
Sami paid his co-workers to work for him.
Sami pays his co-workers to work shifts for him.
Sami pays his co-workers to work his shifts for him.
Sami hated Layla right away.
Sami is a normal good person.
Sami pretended he was a customer.
Sami has been working here since June.
Sami is a bit older.
Layla is a hostess.
Sami always talked about money.
Sami stole money from people's wallets.
Sami's cash is gone.
Sami didn't have cameras in his restaurant.
Layla's husband was in prison.
Sami started an affair with another cook.
Sami thought he was safe.
Sami came back at the end of his shift.
Sami was trying real hard to find ways to catch the robber.
Sami has been robbed.
Sami got in a car accident.
Sami was driving to the bank.
Sami deposited all the cash at the bank.
Sami goes to the bank every week.
Sami got out of his car.
Sami's car was surrounded by people.
Sami gave Layla the bag.
Sami knew that the bag was in there.
Sami sent Layla to the bank.
Sami knew Layla had a bag.
Sami knew Layla had a bag with money.
Sami only stole the bag with the money.
Layla is the woman Sami was having an affair with.
Sami was the guy Layla was having an affair with.
Sami wanted to see more videos.
Sami is vlogging his life.
Sami will tell you the story.
Sami doesn't live at the airport.
Sami's first flight was from Toronto to Cairo.
Sami's first flight was from Toronto, Canada, to Cairo, Egypt.
Sami can still make it.
Sami's flight landed in Cairo.
Sami was going to have to wait for longer.
Sami's flight was going to leave in six minutes.
Sami is going to miss his flight.
Sami has six minutes.
Sami was waiting for the doctor.
Sami always has medical issues.
Sami got off the plane.
Sami couldn't get off the plane earlier.
Sami got off the plane last.
Sami's flight leaves in six minutes.
Sami's plane landed in terminal six.
Sami needs to get from terminal one to terminal six in ten minutes.
Sami is in one of the largest airports in the world.
Sami did that before boarded.
Sami's plane was boarding.
Sami lost all hope.
Sami didn't even know what gate his flight was at.
Sami worked at the airport.
Sami can walk.
Sami is running.
Sami ran all the way across that airport.
Sami was running through the airport.
Sami was running with a backpack.
Sami ran as fast as he could.
Sami was running fast.
Sami was close.
Sami's plane is leaving in six minutes.
Sami needed to keep running.
Sami has six minutes to get there.
Sami walked out onto the tarmac.
Sami's flight is supposed to leave in six minutes.
Sami was full-on sprinting.
Sami was sprinting with a backpack.
Sami ran up to Layla.
Sami was at the counter.
Sami asked Layla later.
Sami was checking the tickets.
Sami shut the door for good.
Sami came around the corner.
Sami got on that plane.
Sami was sweating and felt disgusting.
Sami was so proud.
Sami made it on the plane.
Sami is still in Cairo.
Sami's luggage is still in Cairo.
Sami is still wearing the same shirt.
Sami felt disgusting.
Sami tried to follow Layla home.
Sami's neighbor was a sexual predator.
Sami doesn't know how to subscribe.
Sami was in middle school at the time.
Sami has just moved to a new neighborhood.
Sami was waiting for the bus on the opposite side of the street.
Sami was only in sixth grade.
Sami didn't want Layla to cross the street.
Sami could be hit by cars.
Sami has just moved into his new place.
Sami has just moved into his new house.
Sami already knew those people.
Sami was walking to his bus stop.
Sami was an old black man.
Sami was standing at the mailbox, getting his mail.
Sami was on his way to school.
Sami was a kid at the time.
Sami was super social.
Sami is very social.
Sami became a very introverted kid.
Sami didn't trust people.
Sami doesn't trust strangers.
Sami has never seen Layla.
Sami was coming home from school.
Sami is coming home from school.
Sami lives in a condo.
Sami is the owner of the condo.
Sami was walking home by himself.
Sami's house was closer to the school.
Sami felt somebody behind him.
Sami saw a man with a dog.
Sami turned around and saw a man with a dog.
Sami didn't chase Layla.
Sami was outside, walking his dog.
Sami said it like that.
Sami didn't touch the girl.
Sami didn't ask Layla if she wanted to go anywhere with him.
Sami said it was a misunderstanding.
Sami stopped seeing Layla for a little way.
Sami was going to that bus stop.
Sami was across the street, walking his dog.
Sami is a creepy guy.
Sami is across the street.
Sami didn't see Layla after that.
Sami didn't have his dog. He was just walking by himself.
Sami a lady to walk him home.
Sami was freaked out by that old guy.
Sami was still following us.
Sami was walking Layla home.
Sami was walking around in circles.
Sami was getting freaked out.
Sami is bigger than us.
Sami doesn't have any weapons on him.
Sami went home after that.
Sami told his mom about that incident again.
Sami is a sex offender.
Sami was the only black kid that lived in the whole neighborhood.
Sami owned a condo.
Sami's picture popped up on a sex offender website.
Sami was a sex offender.
Sami did what he wanted to do.
Sami's mom couldn't drive him to work.
Sami can't do this now.
Sami is a sex offender and he should not be around children.
Sami was caught in the act of doing something.
Sami printed out the picture.
Sami followed me around the neighborhood.
Sami was usually the first person at the bus stop.
Sami walked up to the bus stop.
Sami was chilling at the bus stop.
Sami and Layla were just chilling at the bus stop.
Sami walked with the kids.
Sami was just standing there, staring.
Sami started walking towards Layla's apartment.
Sami is going to handle this himself.
Sami wanted to handle this himself.
Sami went to the property manager.
Sami talked to the property manager.
Sami wanted to talk to the owner of the property.
Sami shouldn't be around children.
Sami is a sex offender and it's a violation for him to be around children.
Sami was really sick.
Sami had a sixteen year old girlfriend.
Sami isn't supposed to be around kids.
Sami isn't supposed to be around children.
Sami is a sex offender and isn't supposed to be around kids.
Sami is a sex offender and isn't supposed to be around children.
Sami was doing some creepy shit.
Sami should have called the police instead of me.
Sami and Layla were hanging out at the bus stop.
Sami was a confirmed risk to our community.
Sami does this shit all the time.
Sami has filmed this.
Sami's video is sponsored.
Sami doesn't believe in it.
Sami heard his dog crying.
Sami ruined his hair.
Layla has Brazilian curly hair.
Sami loves the curl patterns of Layla's hair.
Sami doesn't have any gel.
Sami was a sophomore in high school.
Sami moved to my neighborhood.
Sami and Layla were both very similar.
Sami was very simple.
Sami was super simple.
Layla thought she was the trendiest bitch on the planet.
Sami was into drinking.
Sami was into smoking.
Sami was into smoking weed.
Sami wanted to skip school.
Sami is gonna skip school.
Sami is going to skip school.
Sami skipped school first.
Sami missed the bus and he can't go to school.
Sami wasn't at school.
Sami wanted to skip school, too.
Sami leaves way before Layla leaves.
Sami knew he could get away with it.
Sami saw the bus coming.
Sami hid behind some bushes.
Sami's bar was right in front of Layla's house.
Sami's bus left at around six a.m.
Sami was sitting at the bar which was facing Layla's house.
Sami and Layla were hanging out at the gazebo.
Sami had a gazebo in his backyard.
Sami and Layla sat at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla were talking at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla chilled at the gazebo.
Sami got in the car and left.
Sami snuck out before Layla.
Sami ruined Layla's plan.
Sami went in the house.
Sami forgot some folders at home.
Sami never forgets something.
Sami never forgot anything.
Sami was on the computer.
Sami and Layla were talking all day.
Sami lives in his parents' apartment.
Sami came home from school at six.
Sami skipped school again.
Sami was sitting in the house.
Sami and his twin sisters came home.
Sami and Layla pretended like nothing ever happened.
Sami went to school today.
Sami was doing something he wasn't supposed to be doing.
Sami was giving himself away.
Sami was very punctual.
Sami was talking about what happened at school that day.
Sami and Layla started smoking weed.
Sami wasn't a stoner.
Sami started experimenting with smoking weed.
Sami and Layla met at the gazebo.
Sami went to the gazebo and sat there.
Sami couldn't see us.
Sami's heart was beating so heart.
Sami was shitting himself.
Sami is caught.
Sami definitely saw us.
Sami heard the sliding door close.
Sami heard the glass door open.
Sami and Layla got in the car and left.
Sami and Layla were just sitting there and waiting.
Sami just sat in the car.
Sami came back into his drive way.
Sami thinks he's caught.
Sami thinks he's in trouble.
Sami thinks he is caught.
Sami thinks he is in trouble.
Sami is going to die today.
Sami drove us to school.
Sami waited for like thirty minutes.
Sami didn't go back into Layla's house.
Sami and Layla found a spot to smoke weed at.
Sami and Layla don't do shit like that.
Sami let me and Layla know about that.
Sami built a gazebo in his backyard.
Sami knows what Layla did.
Sami knows what Layla does.
Sami had to have seen us that day.
Sami and Layla were smoking at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla never skipped school again.
Sami and Layla were drinking tea at the gazebo.
Sami skipped school so many times.
Sami did skip school after that.
Sami went to the gazebo.
Sami skipped school and never got caught.
Sami skipped school and got caught.
In Algeria, people know a lot of languages.
As Arabic, Hebrew is written from right to left.
What food do you like most?
Sami found this really funny.
Sami can see my face all the time.
Sami was trying to fix that.
Sami should follow Layla on Instagram.
Sami is there most of the time.
Sami kept watching the movie.
Sami got dumped.
Sami dumped his girlfriend.
Sami got dumped by Layla.
Sami was that new boy that moved to town.
Sami moved to our school.
Sami loved Layla's Southern accent.
Sami played baseball.
Sami and Layla danced to the Titanic song.
Sami was Layla's neighbor.
Sami was trying to be respectful.
Sami was just trying to be respectful.
Sami dumped Layla for Salima.
Sami prepared a meal for Layla.
Sami was waiting for his girlfriend.
Sami embarrassed Layla in front of all her girlfriend.
Sami was Layla's Southern sweetheart. They were both from Alabama.
Layla was crying for the entire lunch break.
Sami wanted Layla to feel the pain that he had felt.
Sami was ruining Layla's day.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla since elementary school.
Sami started daring Layla.
Sami and Layla literally never spoke.
Sami and Layla never interacted with each other.
Sami and Layla sometimes talked on the phone.
Sami wanted to hold Layla's hand on the playground.
Sami didn't want to hold Layla's hand.
Sami didn't want to interact with Layla.
Sami talked to Layla after recess.
Sami smelt like metal.
Sami grabbed Layla's hand without any warning.
Sami wasn't ready for that step.
Sami moved to town.
Sami isn't going to do this.
Sami is done with Layla.
Sami was rejecting Layla's calls.
Layla didn't want to be Sami's girlfriend for Valentine's day.
Sami was probably cheating on Layla in high school.
Layla had a Valentine.
Sami isn't going to go down like this.
Sami got dumped in college.
Sami was in so much trouble for this.
Sami was so excited to be doing this.
Sami was watching Barney in his spare time.
Sami can't remember what song he sang that day.
Sami was so mean in elementary school.
Sami is pretty sure this is how it happened.
Sami auditioned for the part and he got it.
Layla was such an evil little girl.
Sami is the real Zorro and Farid is his backup.
Sami is the main Zorro in the movie and Farid is his backup.
Sami has been looking for that book.
Sami tells us funny stories of things that happened to him.
Sami is in middle school.
Sami is still in middle school.
Sami was absolutely in love with his next door neighbor.
Sami played the trumpet in the band.
Sami started sixth grade.
Sami was desperately in love with Layla.
Sami is swimming in the pool.
Sami performed a beautiful rendition of a Michael Jackson song.
Sami can walk there.
Sami can walk there and he doesn't need a ride.
Sami was walking every day to school with his new girlfriend.
Sami and Layla walked to school together.
In summer, it is hot.
Layla is a pretty talkative girl.
Sami was super shy.
Sami was very quiet.
Sami wand Layla walked to school together.
In winter, it snows a lot.
Sami didn't have an ounce of feelings for Layla.
Sami probably didn't have an ounce of feelings for Layla.
Sami's parents drove him to school.
Sami's father was a musician.
Sami played the CD.
Sami knew all the words of the song.
Sami wants to impress Layla.
Sami is walking home.
Sami started dating Layla a couple of weeks into the school year.
Sami did it on purpose.
Sami made matters worse.
Sami's dad drove him back to school.
Sami was blaring the music.
Sami was blaring that song.
Sami was dancing to that song.
Sami wanted to go to another planet.
Layla ended up getting herself a little boyfriend.
Sami and Layla ended up talking.
Sami and Layla talked the entire way to school.
Sami's story is not funny.
Aart's racist stories are not funny.
Aart's racist comments are not funny.
Aart's racist stories aren't funny.
Aart's racist comments aren't funny.
Sami was standing right here.
Sami was on the very edge.
Sami passed Layla's house.
Sami started screaming so loud.
Sami's neck was bleeding.
Sami just got shot.
Sami thinks he just got shot.
Sami's windows were open.
Sami ran in.
Sami got shot.
The sun rises from the east and sets in the west.
Sami ran into the house.
Sami is screaming in pain.
Sami ended up going home.
Sami heard his name over the intercom.
Sami shot Layla with a BB gun.
Sami was walking there.
Sami and Layla gave separate accounts.
Sami shot at us with a BB gun.
Sami is going to be arrested.
Sami's friend just got shot.
Sami gave Layla a BB gun.
Sami moved to Cairo, Egypt.
Sami can't remember when this happened.
Sami was a super cutie.
Sami and Layla had classes together.
Layla used to get sick of boys so quickly.
Sami didn't feel it.
Sami will call that number.
Sami was riding the bus every day with Layla.
Sami met Layla a week before Valentine's Day.
Sami couldn't go hang out with Layla.
Sami couldn't talk on the phone.
Sami couldn't talk on the phone with Layla.
Sami dumped Layla on Valentine's Day.
Sami gave Layla presents.
Sami needed to write Layla a note.
Sami wrote Layla a note and left it in her locker.
Sami showed up at school.
Sami bought a teddy bear for Layla.
Sami hated me in middle school.
Sami and Layla didn't speak for years.
Sami was an evil person.
Sami briefly mentioned that he was in a relationship with Layla.
Sami's story backfired on him.
Sami's lies backfired on him.
Sami thinks it's hilarious.
Sami was slandering Layla's name.
Sami was interested in hearing the story.
Sami started from the beginning.
See you next year!
Sami met Layla through a mutual friend and they hit it off.
Sami and Layla have been through a lot.
Sami turned sixteen when he was dating Layla.
Sami dated Layla for a good solid year.
Sami and Layla said "I love you" to each other within six days of dating.
Sami was super cool to me.
Sami was really impressed.
Sami wasn't really impressed.
Sami told Layla "I love you" within like a week.
Sami made Layla feel less feminine.
Sami was partying.
Sami and Layla have been dating for a few months.
Sami was planning something special for Layla.
Layla cried herself to sleep.
Sami went to work on April fool's day.
Sami forgot it was April fool's day.
Sami got a text on his phone from his girlfriend.
Sami texted his girlfriend back.
Sami's joke really hurt Layla.
Sami was hanging up the phone.
Sami phoned his mom.
Sami and Layla hit their year mark.
Layla really loves this person.
Sami never said "I love you."
Sami talked Layla out of it.
Sami and Layla were hanging out that night.
Sami got really drunk.
Sami's family are really big partiers.
Sami was always drinking.
Sami was riding home.
Sami was crying in the car.
Sami was replaying it in his head over and over again.
Sami wasted six years of his life dating Layal.
Sami knows that Layla loves him.
Sami doesn't remember what he said in the car.
Sami encouraged Layla a little bit.
Sami worships the ground Layla walks on.
Sami thinks he is in love with Layla.
Sami has been in live with Layla since they started dating.
Layla has never been with a guy for over a year.
Sami doesn't want to waste his time.
Sami wants Layla to love him.
Sami doesn't know what love is.
Sami likes spending time with Layla.
Sami's relationship with Layla didn't last long after that.
Sami went to a basketball game.
Sami was just a floppy gummy drunk mess.
Sami didn't deserve Layla.
Sami wanted Layla to give him a chance to prove himself because he loved her.
Sami was going to dump Layla.
Sami can't put up with Layla's bullshitting.
Sami can't put up with Layla's BS.
Sami doesn't respect Layla's feelings.
Sami knows he deserves better than this.
Sami is not the person for Layla.
Sami cheat on Layla.
Sami got out of that relationship.
Sami and Layla's relationship was so toxic.
Sami had a lot of love to give.
Sami needs to move on.
Sami was laughing at himself.
He invited her to his wedding party.
I got it!
Sami is going to see it.
Sami said this before.
Sami just doesn't care anymore.
Sami finds this very confusing.
Sami's behavior isn't normal.
Sami's behaviour isn't normal.
Sami stopped doing that.
Sami missed the first bus.
Sami started working at this job.
Sami started working at a restaurant.
Sami was really rude about this.
Sami was just living his life.
Sami had a girlfriend that worked with us.
Sami and Layla are really cute together.
Sami and Layla hung out with the group.
Sami and Layla were a very cute couple.
Sami let his guard down.
Sami was such a sweet loving boyfriend to Layla.
Sami was a little brat.
Layla started dating a guy that she worked with.
Sami was horrible to Layla.
Sami became friends with Layla's boyfriend.
Sami told Layla to run away.
Sami would house parties at his house all the time.
Sami was staying at home.
Layla doesn't have a boyfriend anymore.
Sami was literally devastated.
Sami took the breakup so hard.
Sami was just sobbing.
Sami became obsessed with his weight.
Sami became obsessed with his image.
Sami didn't like to talk about it a lot.
Sami became a self-centered douchy guy.
Layla was dating a guy long distance.
Sami had something to say about it.
Sami wondered why Layla was dating Farid.
Sami is dating Layla because he likes her.
Sami works for me.
Sami and Layla have started to drift apart.
Sami was walking around the building.
Sami was so shallow.
Sami moved out of the state temporarily.
Sami moved back to his hometown.
Sami hasn't seen Layla in forever.
Sami was just jealous of this other guy.
Sami would text Layla constantly.
Sami was really flirtatious.
Sami went to his favorite sushi place.
Sami and Layla went to their favorite restaurant.
Sami and Layla were catching up about everything.
Sami looked like he had lost weight.
Sami should keep doing that.
Sami told Layla about his trip.
Sami met a girl when he was on vacation.
Layla was literally perfect.
Sami misinterpreted it.
Layla is usually the last person to know when someone has feelings for her.
Sami has met new people on vacation.
Sami has met new friends on vacation.
Layla's boobs are amazing.
Sami's body is amazing.
Sami found this really confusing.
Sami and Layla were flirting.
Sami was glad Layla was back.
Sami really liked Layla's body.
Sami's body is so athletic.
Sami has so many pictures of Layla.
Sami showed Layla some nudes.
Sami wanted Layla to see Salima.
Sami was showing Layla Salima's nudes.
Sami found this so disgusting.
Sami shouldn't show this to Layla.
Sami was so ready to get out of there.
Sami left his wallet in his car.
Sami has cash right here.
Sami left and Layla never saw him again.
Sami deleted Layla on everything.
Sami hated Emma for her racist comments.
Sami hated Layla for her homophobic comments.
Sami doesn't deserve Layla's love.
Sami doesn't deserve this happiness.
Sami was glad Layla was out of his life.
Sami doesn't want to miss Layla's videos.
Sami told us another crazy story.
Sami has a Facebook account.
Sami talked about dating.
Sami has many dating stories.
Sami knows you're already here.
Sami has an amazing website.
Sami is an Amazon junkie.
Sami went on the website and logged in.
Sami didn't buy this sweater through Amazon.
Sami went to the website.
Sami squished the mosquito.
Sami was very reckless and stupid.
Sami was a bad boy.
Sami mentioned this in one of his videos.
Sami was with someone else.
Sami and Layla were co-workers.
Sami and Layla were making out.
Sami was talking about his ex.
Sami never stopped talking about his ex.
Sami and Layla were together for years.
Sami and Layla were really close.
Sami found out that Layla had another boyfriend.
Sami was just so naive.
Sami shouldn't talk about that much.
Sami finds this really sad.
Sami was at Layla's place, drinking.
Sami was driving Layla home.
Sami was searching through Layla's iPod.
Sami wanted to play that song.
Sami wants to play that song right now.
Sami was singing every word at the top of his lungs.
Sami dedicated this song to Layla.
Sami was crying about his ex-girlfriend.
Sami started being interested in someone else.
Sami has been seeing a girl from work.
Sami doesn't know how to say this.
Sami has been seeing another girl.
Layla has been seeing someone else.
Sami doesn't know how to say this in Arabic.
Sami used to say this quote.
Sami was happy for Layla.
Sami and Layla were so friends.
Sami was the guy Layla was dating at the time.
Sami said: "I love you."
Sami did love Layla.
Sami doesn't feel OK.
Sami is still in his sixties.
Sami never said it to me.
Sami never said this to Layla.
Sami clicked on a random video.
Sami clicked on a random link.
Sami said this at the end of his video.
Sami should stay right where he is.
Sami was probably sixteen when he first met Layla.
Sami finds this really boring.
Sami met Layla through a friend of a friend in high school.
Sami knew girls from another high school.
Layla thought Sami was super cute.
Sami has never talked about this.
Sami never talked about that.
Sami had a few penpals.
Sami sent Layla a letter.
Sami was really unhappy about it.
Sami and Layla were planning on their children's names.
Sami and Layla started messaging on Myspace.
Sami and Layla had a very flirtatious relationship.
Sami and Layla were perfect for each other.
Sami and Layla have known each other for six years.
Sami and Layla haven't seen this.
Sami went through this.
Sami was single intentionally.
Sami started messaging Layla again.
Sami was always like that.
Sami moved out of state to be with Layla.
Sami held the phone.
Sami moved somewhere to be with his girlfriend.
Sami was so romantic.
Sami started talkig about what was going on with him.
Sami hated moving.
Sami moves so often.
Sami and Layla had a failed relationship.
Sami told this to his doctor.
Sami wanted to stay single.
Sami focused so much on this.
Sami never had this problem.
Sami didn't talk to Layla for like six years.
Sami is there and he's listening.
Sami is there and he is listening.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla in like six years.
Sami never responded to that last message.
Sami never received that last message.
Sami never read that last message.
Sami never saw that last message.
Sami wanted to take Layla out.
Sami has changed a lot in six years.
Sami talked about his exes very frequently.
Sami and Layla had a romantic relationship.
Sami and Layla finally met up.
Sami says this happened later but he doesn't remember how much later.
Sami's phone died.
Sami didn't read the whole message.
Sami called his best friend.
Sami looked Layla up on Facebook.
Sami was the light of Layla's life.
Layla didn't know Sami had a girlfriend.
Sami wanted to make this happen.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla since.
Sami shouldn't go anywhere yet.
Sami is so nervous.
Sami was so nervous and he didn't know why.
Sami loves Layla's entertaining videos.
Tom dreamed that he was dreaming.
Tom dreamed that Mary had abandoned him.
Sami has had a lot of time to process everything.
Sami didn't really want to talk about this.
Sami's story may help other people.
Sami experienced this phenomenon.
Layla was in a relationship with this person.
Sami has just gotten out of a relationship.
Sami didn't know where he wanted to live.
Layla wanted to have a boyfriend.
Sami lived in Egypt with his mom.
He was teasing her.
Layla had a boyfriend.
Sami and Farid were the best of friends.
Sami finished high school.
Sami finished highs school.
Sami never saw anything.
Tom dreamed that Mary had left him.
Sami went to Egypt six times that year.
Sami and Layla started texting back and forth.
Sami and Layla had plans to meet up.
Sami and Layla were tired all the time.
Sami told Layla that he was falling for her.
Sami and Farid were best friends again.
Sami and Layla would watch movies together.
Sami was falling for Layla.
Sami would tell Layla that all the time.
Sami and Layla got really, really close.
Sami was falling for me.
Sami has been in love with Layla since he was sixteen.
Sami never stopped being in love with Layla.
Layla was Sami's dream girl.
Sami is gonna make Layla his.
Sami is going to make Layla his.
Layla is amazing.
Sami and Layla had a kid.
Sami's kid and Layla became very close.
Layla fell for Sami's kid.
Sami was obsessed with Layla's kids.
Sami and Layla were around each other all the time.
Sami and Layla just picked up just where they left off.
Sami went to pick up Layla's son from school.
Sami waited in the car.
Sami drew a little car.
What did you dream?
Sami didn't see his mom very much.
Sami loved Layla's kids so much.
Layla is always so fashionable.
I'm sure he's sleeping soundly.
I'm sure they're sleeping soundly.
I'm sure she's sleeping soundly.
Layla wanted to move on and find someone else.
Sami isn't into this.
Sami was showering Layla with affection.
Sami and Layla were playing hide and seek.
Sami was secretly on the phone with someone.
Sami has been cheated on before.
Sami had that feeling.
Sami sent Layla romantic novels through texts.
Sami's texts were romantic novels.
Sami's alarm kept going off.
Sami's alarm went off.
Sami is not interested in her.
Sami isn't interested in her.
Sami filled out some paperwork.
Sami was a parent to me.
Sami and Layla were sitting on the couch, watching a show.
Sami and Layla are going to hang out tomorrow.
Sami wants to see Layla tomorrow.
Sami and Layla will see each other tomorrow.
Sami and Layla were play-fighting.
Sami was trying to leave but Layla kept pulling him back and kissing him.
Sami didn't have a good morning text from Layla.
Tom handed his keys to the valet.
Tom handed his keys to the parking attendant.
Sami and Layla were texting around the clock.
Sami texted Layla "good morning."
Sami said that something was weird.
Sami was texting Layla throughout dinner.
Sami dropped by Layla's house.
This restaurant has valet parking.
Layla was Sami's fiancee at the time.
Sami and Layla are having a baby today.
Sami said something was really wrong.
Sami called Layla to make sure everything was OK.
Sami tried calling Layla's mom.
Sami was active on Facebook.
Sami knocked on the door and there was no response.
Sami never heard from her again.
Layla was falling in love for this person.
Sami went through the worst breakup of his life.
Layla was crying because she saw Sami so upset.
Sami never heard from that guy again.
Sami is just not feeling this anymore.
Sami is no longer in love with Layla.
Sami needed months to adjust to this.
Sami was literally heartbroken.
Sami was heartbroken.
Sami got himself in such a horrible situation.
Sami got used to this.
Sami used to text Layla emojis.
Sami and Layla texted each other emojis.
Sami controls everything.
Sami used to run off with his mom's phone.
Sami can't dodge bullets.
Sami was thankful that this happened.
Sami was Layla's partner in crime.
Sami ended up getting cheated on.
Sami doesn't eat bacon.
Sami was in a really good mood.
Sami was having a really good day.
Sami was taking care of Layla.
Sami brought Layla a bottle of water.
Sami was extremely rude and condescending.
Sami was very happy.
Sami was not feeling that at all.
Sami wasn't feeling that at all.
Sami was looking over the menu.
Sami doesn't understand any of this.
Sami just doesn't understand any of this.
Sami wanted to order the cheapest thing on the menu.
Sami ordered the most expensive thing on the menu.
Sami asked a ton of different questions.
Sami asked a lot of questions.
Sami and Layla both ordered.
Sami started snickering.
Sami heard Layla snickering.
Sami was making fun of me.
Sami has to deal with this.
Sami deals with this all the time.
Sami ate his food.
Sami was minding his own business.
Sami said the food was disgusting.
Sami can't describe how rude Layla was.
Sami is shaking again.
In mathematics, a quiver is a digraph.
Sami was extremely rude to Layla.
Sami was extremely rude to the waitress.
Sami told the kitchen to remake that customer's order.
Sami checked on Layla.
Sami's pasta was overcooked.
Sami wanted to try something else.
Sami went over to the kitchen.
Sami was very apologetic.
Sami wanted to eat for free.
Sami wasn't being rude.
Sami was writing down an order.
Sami has seen this musical.
Sami walked past Layla's table.
Sami turned over and looked at Layla.
Sami was pointing to Layla.
Sami was pointing to Layla and laughing at her.
Sami went over there to talk to Layla.
Sami was asking questions about the menu.
Sami brought food to Layla.
Sami was extremely rude and condescending to Layla.
Sami asked the waiter to box up his pasta to take away.
Sami didn't bother to ask Layla about that.
Sami gave Layla a couple of gift cards.
Sami took the box home.
Sami stormed out the door.
Sami left a tip on the table.
Sami wasn't expecting a tip.
Sami was hoping for a tip.
Sami left a note for Layla.
Sami left this note for Layla.
Sami left a note on the table.
Sami needs to learn how to deal with such assholes.
Sami was really funny today.
Sami used to do this.
Sami is Layla's ex.
Sami rang the bell.
Sami used to do really nasty things.
Sami didn't lift the toilet seat up.
Sami peed on the floor.
Sami lived his life.
Sami did whatever made him happy.
Sami woke up early in the morning.
Sami pulled his pants down and sat in the toilet seat.
Sami and Layla fought about this.
She was willing to give up everything for him.
Sami took a piece of toilet paper and wiped off the toilet seat.
Layla sat in the toilet seat and peed.
Sami had an excessive sweating problem.
Sami had to wash the sheets every single night.
Sami didn't like to sleep with the sheet on the bed.
Sami hates the smell of sweat.
Sami's sheets were soaking wet.
Mennad's pillow is soaking wet.
Sami had to wash his sheets every day.
Sami's sheets literally stank.
Sami washed his sheets every single day.
Sami eats in the middle of the night.
Sami could not go to sleep unless he ate ice cream.
Sami loves vanilla ice cream.
Sami ate the ice cream in the kitchen.
Sami's ice cream melted.
Sami's ice cream started to melt.
Sami spent sixteen dollars a day on ice cream.
Sami ate ice cream in the morning.
Sami was eating ice cream.
Sami was addicted to ice cream.
Sami had eczema.
Sami was itching himself.
Sami took a bath.
Sami was so neglectful of his eczema.
Sami bit his nails.
Sami asked Layla to scratch his back.
Sami took the remote control and used it to scratch his back.
Sami scratched his back with the remote control.
Sami was a goofy funny guy.
Sami could not take it anymore.
Sami climbs trees.
Sami can climb trees.
Sami climbed a tree.
Sami sliced a sheet with his toe nailes.
Layla was dating a guy.
Sami didn't have the best hygiene.
Sami never flossed.
Sami brushed his teeth every morning.
Sami has to brush his teeth.
Sami forgot to brush his teeth.
Sami and Layla spent more time togehter.
Sami has bad breath.
Sami told Layla she had bad breath.
Sami's breath smells so bad.
Tom is stealing.
Tom is beautiful.
Mary is cooking.
Mary doesn't believe in God.
Mary tricked Tom.
Why are there no messengers of God nowadays?
The baby is ill and his mother is worried.
Since this baby has been crying all the day, then he must be ill.
His eyes were red.
Martin Luther King was assassinated in 1963.
The natives of America are the Amerindians.
Nobody knows how Adolf Hitler died.
Yidir is a teacher of Berber.
Yidir teaches at the middle school.
When you get out of the toilet, wash your hands.
His house is full of flies.
Tom dabbled in magic.
Mary dabbled in magic.
Mary denied that she had dabbled in magic.
This water is polluted, do not drink it.
This hotel has valet parking.
Tom had an air of mystery about him.
Tom has an air of mystery about him.
Mary had an air of mystery about her.
Mary has an air of mystery about her.
Who's that pregnant woman?
Their illicit romance was both dangerous and exciting.
She dreamed of their future together.
Tom dreamed of their future together.
Mary is better at this than I am.
Tom snapped out of his reverie.
The workers are exhausted.
Mary is a dialogue police officer.
I won't repeat this, so listen carefully.
They're empty.
My son has become a man.
Go back!
Step aside!
Use the dustbin.
Keep your clothes clean.
Wipe your mouths.
Rinse your hands.
There is a lot of milk in the jar.
There is little milk in the jar.
There is enough milk in the jar.
He can't cope with his parent's death.
He can't cope with the remorse.
Only Tom understood me, and he misunderstood me.
Your cooking smells good.
Your cooking smells good, Tom.
I don't know what you're cooking, but it smells really good.
Something sure smells good.
"Something sure smells good," said Tom walking into the kitchen.
What are you cooking? It smells good.
Something smells good. What are you cooking?
Tom did not respond to my question.
I can smell something cooking.
Tom could smell something cooking.
The gravy was thick.
This gravy is very thick.
Tom savoured the moment.
The kitchen always smells good when Tom is around.
That food is yummy.
For everything to stay the same, everything must change.
I ordered tourmalinated quartz last week.
My positive self-talk creates my reality.
See you later, Mother.
Hello, Mother.
Thank you, Mother.
Hello Kaiulani.
Comparing with cars, I prefer taking the train.
What would you all like to eat?
He is an author and a politician.
Your opinions are out of touch with reality.
Have you all eaten?
Tomorrow a new year will begin.
Please bring a glass of beer.
We ridiculed him because of that thing.
I sat on chewing gum.
At nightfall I like following the tradition of taking a walk along the lakeside.
The internet is not connecting.
May God protect you against all diseases!
May God heal him from cancer!
There are three sides to every story.
You must understand it.
As a father of two sons, it's nice to see that my sons like to do the same things as I do.
They do the same things as I did when I was a child.
Sami likes doing it.
Sami liked doing this.
Sami thinks that's so beautiful.
Sami is not a professional.
Layla is just a regular girl.
Sami will never reveal Layla's identity.
Sami read a message from Layla.
Sami was reading a message from himself to Layla.
Sami doesn't have very many people to talk to about this.
Sami was addicted to painkillers.
Sami and Layla have been on and off for six years.
Sami doesn't fully trust Layla.
I don't like ra music.
This conference is good.
His father was a member of Communist Party.
She kissed him and slapped him across the face.
Layla dated a drug addict.
Sami said that getting paid at that bar was like pulling teeth.
Sami has done videos on this topic in the past.
Sami suffered from that.
Sami suffered from the disease of addiction.
Sami understood Layla's motives for doing this.
Sami was in a relationship on and off with Layla.
Layla was in a relationship on and off with someone who had drug issues.
Layla was in a relationship on and off with someone who had drinking issues.
Sami and Layla really loved each other at the beginning.
Sami was a really weird person.
Sami was the son of a drug addict.
Sami is a different person.
Sami developed an eating disorder.
Sami wasn't able to control Layla.
Sami's eating disorder was life-threatening.
Sami had a lot of guilt.
Sami took pills.
Sami was taking those pills.
Sami didn't have much of an appetite because he was taking those pills.
Sami began using steroids.
Sami suffered from all the typical side effects that came with steroids.
Sami thought that was really weird.
Sami opened up the bag.
Sami used steroids.
Sami had a life-time supply of steroids.
Sami googled it and found out what it was.
Sami had tons of syringes at home.
Sami threw the syringes in the trash.
Sami was allergic to telling the truth.
What is her name?
Sami was going to sue Layal.
Sami stole Layla's illegal drugs.
Sami sued Layla because she stole his drugs.
Sami is totally unfamiliar with that cocktail of medication.
Sami absolutely needs this drug.
Sami pretended like it wasn't happening.
Sami chose to overlook all of those things.
Sami came from an extremely abusive household.
Sami was so mistreated.
Sami took sleeping pills every day.
Sami's son stole his sleeping pills again.
Sami used his mom's bathroom.
Sami stole his mother's pills.
Sami's son stole his pills.
Sami found Layla's pills.
Sami found Layla's pills and stole them.
Sami was just trying to convince himself that Layla was OK.
Sami became a psychotic paranoid.
Sami talked about that in a separate video.
Sami was being cheated on.
Sami knew Layla was lying to him about everything.
Sami was doing that at the time.
Sami filled the teddy bear with pills.
Sami went through Layla's phone.
Sami and Layla knew the same people.
Sami needs those pills.
Sami was selling pills to Layla.
Sami bought those pills from a co-worker.
Sami felt so isolated.
Sami felt so afraid to talk to people about it.
Sami is so paranoid.
Sami chose to keep it a secret.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's pills.
Sami could hear Layla chewing on those pills.
Sami was afraid of that guy.
Sami was afraid of talking to Layla.
Sami recommended visiting that website.
Sami hasn't heard of it.
Sami could go there.
Sami's anxiety isn't as bad as mine.
Sami felt so guilty.
Sami wanted to get help.
Sami and Layla's relationship didn't work out.
Sami was having an online relationship with someone who was underage.
Layla was in a relationship with an addict.
Sami wanted Layla to know that she was not alone.
Sami wanted Layla to know that she wasn't alone.
Sami wanted to go back and hug that girl.
Sami can overcome this.
Layla never believed that she could survive without Sami.
Sami was mentally ill.
Sami didn't want to get emotional in the video.
Sami has moved past it.
Sami was involved.
Sami wants to watch the video.
Sami shared his story with us.
Sami showed Layla the love he had for her.
Sami wound up in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami sought help for his mental health issues.
Sami spoke out against the stigma against mental health issues.
Sami suffered from a mental illness.
Sami wanted to kill himself.
Sami had mental health issues.
Sami talked about abuse and manipulation.
Sami is suffering immensely with different health issues.
Sami will get into that later.
Sami is not going to give you details on that.
Sami isn't going to give you details on that.
Sami loved the idea of rebelling.
Sami was such a bad kid.
Sami was a brute.
Sami pretended that he was drunk.
Sami wanted to be heard and seen.
Sami went back to his mother's place.
Sami was abused by his mother.
Sami went back with his mother.
Sami rejected that.
Sami didn't want to live with his mother.
Sami was feeling so much anxiety.
Sami messaged his mother.
Sami came home from work early.
Sami took Layla back with him.
Sami was kicking and screaming.
Sami's son was kicking and screaming.
Sami and Layla were worried about Farid.
Sami was raised in an abusive household.
Sami did the best thing that he could to help Layla.
Sami fought with his father.
Sami was kicking his father off of him.
Sami was screaming and kicking his father off of him.
Sami cannot go back there.
Sami would fight to his death to avoid going back there.
Sami would fight to his death to avoid going back to jail.
Sami had nightmares.
Sami didn't want to go back with his father.
Sami was back in his hometown.
Sami didn't want to live with his parents.
Sami pulled up to a hospital.
Sami went into the hospital.
Sami wanted to go to bed.
Sami was beaten down mentally.
Sami turned eighteen and moved out.
Sami was mentally and emotionally exhausted.
Sami was given a psychiatric evaluation.
Sami was living in my house.
Sami was extremely abusive.
Sami photocopied pages of Layla's private journal.
Sami found Layla's journal and read it.
Sami read Layla's journal entirely.
Sami read the entire thing.
Sami had a psychiatric appointment.
Sami wasn't aware of what was going on.
Sami was falling asleep.
Sami was shivering.
Sami got bad grades.
Sami realized it.
Sami's parents showed up to take him back home.
Sami didn't use those words.
Sami was pushed out of the room.
Sami was separated from his parent.
Sami was pulled away to the psychiatric ward.
Sami was in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami said this to the doctor.
Sami could use his shoe laces to hang himself.
Sami could hear people outside the room crying and screaming.
Sami explained Layla how everything worked.
Sami did that every single day.
Sami threw all of his friends under the bus.
Sami wouldn't throw his friends under the bus.
Sami doesn't think Layla needs to be in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami had to deal with it.
Sami wanted Layla to be in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami was a crazy person.
Sami needed psychiatric help.
Sami met many amazing people.
Sami committed violent crimes.
Sami was sexually abused.
Sami tried to escape from the psychiatric hospital.
Sami struggled with illness.
Sami used many abuse techniques.
Sami felt comfortable talking about that.
Sami watched many videos that night.
Sami apologized for making that video.
Sami felt that need to apologize.
Sami talked about a real life experience.
Sami should just sit down and be quiet.
Sami can probably see this.
Sami is talking about a serious topic today.
Sami read many news articles about this.
Sami doesn't care what her name is.
Sami didn't care what her name was.
Sami thought a lot about that.
Sami told us about his own experiences.
Sami is speaking for himself.
Sami watched these videos again.
Sami felt angry and sad for those women.
Sami didn't shut his laptop.
Sami was the victim of a sexual assault.
Sami was sexually assaulted for the first time at sixteen years old.
Sami had an older brother.
Sami was a freshman in high school.
Sami was so cool and so cute.
Sami knew Layla's little sister.
Sami might know about Layla.
Sami fell asleep early at the party.
Sami has decided he had enough.
Sami went to sleep in Layla's room.
Sami went up to Layla's room.
Sami turned on the light in Layla's room.
Sami needs to change the light bulb in the morning.
Sami was lying on top of Layla.
Sami didn't say anything at all.
Sami was whispering weird things in Layla's ear.
Sami was probably just drunk.
Sami was drunk and he didn't know what he was doing.
Sami began to pay attention to Layla.
Sami is trying to contact Layla.
Sami didn't even know that what that man did to him was sexual assault until he was an adult.
Sami fought a drunk guy.
Sami was a bad kid in school.
Sami was just a normal guy.
Sami talked about rape culture.
Sami said that Layla's dress was going to be a distraction to her classmates.
Sami remembered what he did.
Sami didn't remember what he did.
Sami assaulted me.
Sami literally assaulted me.
Sami was sexually assaulted again.
Sami went to this hotel.
Sami left his phone outside.
Sami left his lighter outside.
Sami asked Layla to come out and help him.
Layla was not raped.
Layla was assaulted but she was not raped.
Sami gave Layla a ride home.
Sami was begging me to come and stay with him at his house.
Sami was begging Layla to stay with him.
Sami tried to do something.
Sami needs to get out of that car.
Sami was thinking about what had happened.
Sami was scheduled to work the next morning.
Sami just quit and never showed up again.
Sami's situation is a billion times worse than Layla's.
Layla was sexually assaulted by a drunk man.
Layla got her ass smacked in the middle of a concert.
Sami was arrested, tortured, and even got his ass smacked.
Sami kissed Layla back.
Sami was a child and had absolutely no idea that that was sexual assault.
Sami tried to rape Layla.
Sami won't be able to talk about that.
Sami will not be able to talk about that.
Sami is not a bad person.
Sami isn't a bad person.
Sami started dating Layla a couple of years ago.
Sami and Layla dated for a long time.
Sami and Layla's relationship needed to end.
Sami and Layla's toxic relationship needed to end.
Sami and Layla were out that night.
Sami texted Layla sixty times in a row and she never replied.
Sami doesn't know who I am.
Sami doesn't even know Layla's friends.
Sami doesn't know any of Layla's friends.
Sami's phone rang a couple of times.
Sami's phone didn't ring again.
Sami ran into Layla everywhere he would go.
Sami went to a pizza restaurant.
Sami opened the door to his Uber and find Layla in there.
Sami was really good friends wit Farid.
Sami was talking about her.
Sami was friends with Layla's friends.
Layla is a nice girl.
Sami is also crazy.
Sami would see Layla a lot.
Sami felt really bad for Layla.
Sami was trying to move on.
Sami didn't expect Layla to be there.
Sami was in that area of the bar.
Sami's girlfriend was really pretty.
I wonder what happened to Atlantis.
What happened to Atlantis?
Sami took a picture of Layla and her boyfriend.
Sami doesn't know her.
Sami was dating Farid's ex-girlfriend.
Sami would just stare at me.
Sami made out with Layla just now.
Sami made out with Farid's girlfriend just now.
Sami was trying so hard to get Layla jealous.
Sami was sitting near Layla.
Sami was friends with a lot of Farid's friends.
Sami tried to put his arm around Layla.
Sami wasn't joking.
Sami was joking around.
Layla was desperate to get Sami's attention.
Sami ordered his drink.
Tom claims to have found the lost city of Atlantis.
Does she smoke?
Is she smoking?
Sami had a good time with Layla.
Sami didn't hear the things Farid and Layla were saying to each other.
Sami won't stop.
Sami will not stop.
Sami wouldn't stop.
Sami didn't want to cause a drama.
Sami can leave now.
Sami must leave now.
Sami said my name.
Sami said Layla's name one more time.
Sami should leave both of us alone.
Sami looks stupid right now.
Layla was jealous that Sami had a new girlfriend.
Sami has broken Layla's heart.
Sami started yelling and making a sense.
Sami came up and physically moved Layla away from Salima.
Sami got Layla out of the bar.
Sami was just shaking.
Sami could have gotten arrested.
Layla was about to get in a fight with another girl.
Sami was done with this.
Sami is one of my best friends and I love him so much.
Sami just wanted to meet Layla.
Sami is a loser.
Sami called Layla when she was halfway home.
Sami's mom came.
Sami forgot this.
Layla was my boyfriend's mom.
Sami was ungrateful to Layla.
Sami and Layla started dating.
Sami was very warm and welcoming.
Layla would introduced Salima to people as his daughter-in-law.
Sami's addiction affected Layla's life.
Sami didn't know Layla drank.
Sami was sober all the time.
Sami and Layla broke up a lot.
Sami and Layla had an on-and-off relationship.
Sami and Layla were always in and out of each other's life.
Sami treats Layla like shit.
Sami texted Layla while she was in school.
Sami came to the school.
Sami left this at Layla's house.
Sami bought this for Layla on Christmas.
Sami opened the package.
Sami wrote all those horrible words.
Sami and Layla did that six times.
Sami and Layla were doing things all the time together.
Sami was driving and swerving all over the road.
Sami opened up the lid to the mug.
Sami was drinking vodka.
Sami was driving us all over town.
Sami doesn't have to be in this car.
Sami didn't want to hear about anything.
Sami's mom lived in Egypt at the time.
Sami wanted to come.
Sami wants to come.
Sami and Layla should know each other.
Sami got pulled over for speeding.
Sami was in the back seat, screaming at the police officer.
Sami saw my face.
Sami was asked to step out of the car.
Sami went to check on his mom.
Sami's room smelt of alcohol.
Sami was super broke.
Sami didn't have money to get his car fixed.
Sami took Layla to the airport.
Sami was getting ready to get in his car.
Sami can fix Layla's car.
Sami and Layla ended up breaking up.
Sami got text messages every single day from Layla.
Sami took Layla's car without telling her.
Sami was going to sue Layla for the money that he owed her.
Sami is asking you to pay him.
Sami was literally terrified.
Sami blocked Layla's number.
Sami had a crazy mom.
A coward dies a thousand deaths, a hero dies but one.
Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.
This is one of my favorite quotes.
This is one of Tom's favorite quotes.
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.
Tom wrote an inspirational quote on the chalkboard.
The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.
Did you take your pills this morning?
Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.
Tom did some quick math.
I did some quick math.
Tom did some quick math in his head.
He plays footbal every day.
The Fibonacci sequence can be found in nature.
Sometimes, he plays handball.
Each number in the Fibonacci sequence is the sum of the two numbers that precede it.
Fibonacci spirals can be found on pine cones.
This tree has many branches.
This bank has many branches.
The Fibonacci sequence of numbers is found widely in nature.
Tom collected some pine cones in the forest.
That's hard to swallow.
Are complex numbers real?
Imaginary numbers are real.
Are numbers real?
Men need to feel important.
Which is the best? Boxing or karate.
Tom doesn't understand fractions.
Mary tried to explain fractions to Tom by using a pie as an analogy.
Tom ate 100% of the pie.
He's never been KO'd.
Tom ate half of the pie.
Tom ate half of the pie. How much of the pie is left?
That makes me feel old.
"It makes me feel old." "That's because you're old."
I figured, why not?
Female students outnumber male students on campus.
Female students slightly outnumber male students.
He was extremely good-looking.
Mary bit her lip.
She was extremely forward.
Tom moved his cursor.
What are your favorite books?
Tom left me for another woman.
Mary left me for another man.
Tom had never realized just how lovely Mary really was.
Tom had never realized just how lovely Mary was.
Tom had never realized just how pretty Mary really was.
Tom had never realized just how beautiful Mary really was.
Have you spoken since?
That statistic is completely made up.
80% of statistics are completely made up.
Mary and Kate often shop together.
Mary and Kate often go shopping together.
This is more efficient.
Doing it this way is more efficient.
That's a bit of an oversimplification.
Let me just do a quick check.
He's a pathetic jerk.
Tom likes jerky.
They talked for hours.
Tom bent over backwards to please Mary.
She bent over backwards to please him.
Tom tore off the band-aid.
This time, it's different.
Okay, you win.
Mary ripped off the large bandage.
Tom ripped off the band-aid.
He's definitely hiding something.
She's definitely hiding something.
Tom is definitely hiding something.
You can find somebody else to help you.
It would probably be a good idea.
It seems like he's hiding something.
It seems like she's hiding something.
Looking for a midnight snack?
It's a fascinating theory.
Tom loves learning more than anything else.
It's clear that something more is going on.
Tom was convinced that something more was going on.
She's just pretending to be your friend.
Tom is just pretending to be your friend.
I didn't know Tom had a sense of humor.
I didn't know you had a sense of humor.
He has something to hide.
She has something to hide.
Don't you think that's a little convenient?
Don't you think that's a little too convenient?
Don't you think it seems a little convenient?
Don't you think it's more than a little convenient?
I see no reason not to.
Tom made a lowball offer.
What you're saying makes no sense.
His ploy almost succeeded.
Tom's ploy almost suceeded.
Her ploy almost succeeded.
They know something we don't.
He knows something we don't.
Tom knows something we don't.
Tom knows something I don't.
Tom knows something Mary doesn't.
You have quite the imagination.
That's a little too convenient, don't you think?
Mary is lamenting Tom's death.
It all started in Boston.
It all started when I first met Tom.
A messenger reports that the enemy is approaching.
I'm spending the evening with Tom.
Isn't Tom your cat?
I couldn't keep my mind off of Tom.
I couldn't keep my mind off of him.
I couldn't keep my mind off of her.
I couldn't keep my mind off of Mary.
You've outdone yourself this time.
He just wanted to get rid of me.
Tom just wanted to get rid of me.
She just wanted to get rid of me.
Ever since Tom died, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Mary died, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Mary passed away, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Tom passed away, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Tom left me, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Mary left me, things haven't been the same.
An army of sheep led by a lion is better than an army of lions led by a sheep.
Our house has three bedrooms.
Give this hat to your mother!
The toilet paper is used up.
The temperature at the North Pole is different from at the South Pole.
He has no filter for what he says.
Go and see!
Please consider that the maximum doesn't exist in some circumstances.
Today I had four exams.
On the border, there is a stretch of agricultural land.
She is with her parents.
You were duped by him.
Could you show me the way to the town hall, please?
My name's Tom, and you?
How is this word pronounced, sir?
I will never eat much when I am about to sleep.
Hello and thank you.
Good morning, what is your name?
Good morning, Mother.
Good morning and thank you.
Is your name Slender Warrior?
Big Charlies mothers name is Red Woman.
His name is Kii.
In French and in English, it is called Canada.
You and I are really good friends.
Go, Kaiulani.
Speak, Kawika.
Abranis is a Kabyle rock band.
Dihya wants a beer.
All the shops will be closed tomorrow.
Sami isn't here to ruin your day.
Sami doesn't know anything about me.
Layla was living in a condo with one of her girlfriends.
Tomorrow the Chinese national team play against the Korean national team in their home arena.
The teacher played music using a recorder.
I think this photo was taken five months ago.
Those dogs will not stop barking.
Fatima is drunk.
It is hot. Bring the electric fan.
Andaz Uzzal is a Kabyle metal band.
Sami's stories have happy endings.
Sami said that this story was worth sharing.
Sami loved animals.
Sami was living in a condo.
Ali Amrane is a Kabyle rock singer.
Sami rentend a room from Layla.
Sami lived in a condo complex.
Sami had his own parking spot.
Sami lived in an apartment complex.
Sami's neighbor was a sex offender.
Sami lives across from us.
Sami shared a parking lot with the Bakirs.
Sami's dog would never stop barking.
Sami's dog would literally never stop barking.
Sami never thought a think of it.
Sami knows what we are talking about.
Sami's window faced the parking lot.
Sami was living in that condo complex.
Sami's parents owned a condo complex.
Sami's dog never stops barking.
Sami's dog is outside.
Sami's dog was outside all night.
Sami started getting a little concerned.
Sami's dogs were barking.
Sami peeked through the gates.
Sami left food and water for his dog.
Sami started getting really frustrated.
Sami needed to do something about this.
Sami's dog was euthanized.
Sami's dog was caught and sent to a pond where it was euthanized.
Sami talked to the police department.
Sami complained about Layla's dogs.
Sami doesn't know someone else he could speak to.
Amar Amarni is a Kabyle artist.
Sami is gonna take care of it.
Sami was on his way home from work.
Sami didn't even bother.
Sami's dogs are bothering Layal.
Sami has been giving those dogs food and water for weeks.
Sami filled up his dog's water dish.
Sami sprayed his dogs with water to keep them cool.
Sami had his animals taken away from him.
Sami said that no one lived there.
Sami never saw a car park there.
Sami isn't doing anything about it.
Sami's gate was locked.
Sami called back the police department.
Sami got back to the police department.
Detective Bakir was so happy to take that case on.
Layla stayed at her boyfriend's house.
Sami and Layla were chilling in the backyard.
Sami immediately started crying.
Sami can save those dogs.
Sami has a mailbox.
Sami will keep you posted.
Sami found Layla's dog.
Sami's entire backyard was covered in feces and urine.
Sami just started sobbing.
Sami cared for his dogs.
Sami gave his dogs to Layla.
Sami's new dog has been in Layla's family for six years.
Sami was forced by the police to surrender his dog.
Sami didn't allow dogs into his apartment.
Sami said this didn't affect him.
Sami has been watching Layla's YouTube channel for a while.
Sami hasn't seen any of Layla's previous videos.
Sami worked at that job for six years.
Sami hated rude customers.
Sami has gotten to know everyone really well.
Sami knows everything about that company.
Sami could barely move.
Sami loved all of them.
Sami was a very tough guy.
Sami went to prison.
Sami is a guy you wouldn't like to mess with.
Sami was coming into work.
Sami was working in the kitchen that day.
Sami has been to prison.
Sami was getting ready.
If I find him, I'll kill him.
Sami was supposed to have a meeting.
Sami has been robbed last night.
Sami wasn't even paying attention.
Sami was robbed at knife point.
Sami had a knife in his hand.
Sami was held up with a gun.
Sami robbed a restaurant.
Sami wanted to hear Layla's reaction.
Sami robbed a restaurant with a gun.
Sami will never forget it.
Sami hated that manager.
Sami didn't respect the manager.
Sami got drunk at work.
Sami did drugs at work.
Sami was the manager's favorite.
Sami wasn't even a manager.
Sami had some power.
Sami trained Layla.
Sami was eating his lunch.
Sami introduced himself to the new people.
Sami was eating asleep.
Sami was literally falling asleep.
Sami and Layla are both addicts.
Sami wasn't an addict.
Sami wasn't making fun of that situation.
Sami was smoking weed in front of his co-worker.
Sami was hired to roll silverware at the restaurant.
Sami had some silverware to roll.
Sami was rolling silverware.
Sami was doing his best.
Sami did his thing.
Sami showed back up.
Sami has just cleaned the silverware.
Sami said hi to Layla again.
Sami said hello to me.
Sami was with another girl that we worked with.
Sami comes in early.
Sami never knew who I was the entire time we worked there.
Sami had crazy co-workers.
Sami has crazy customers.
Sami drank a lot of lemonade.
Sami mixed that drink with lemonade.
Sami wasn't keeping track.
Sami hasn't eaten enough.
Sami was standing at his table.
Sami blacked out at work.
Sami quickly learned his lesson.
Sami was too drunk to wait tables.
Sami was slurring his words.
Sami needs to go home and go to bed.
Sami was drinking with us.
Sami's manager was drinking with him.
Sami was new here.
Sami is Layla's ex-boyfriend.
Sami made several videos about this in the past.
Sami and Layla were in a serious relationship.
Sami has no shortage of stories to tell about this.
Sami is trying to focus on that chapter of Roosevelt's life.
Sami is watching my YouTube channel.
Sami knows what Layla is going through.
Sami found my YouTube channel.
Sami found my videos on YouTube.
Sami found my YouTube videos.
Sami didn't know how Layla found his YouTube videos.
Sami and Layla ended their relationship.
Sami would call Layla even when he had a new girlfriend.
Sami has a new girlfriend.
Anzar is the lord of the rain.
Sami tells all his girlfriends about Layal.
Sami would tell all his new girlfriends about Layla.
Sami worked with that girl.
Sami used to work at that restaurant.
Sami was known for sleeping with literally every girl that worked at that office.
Sami knows about you.
Sami always talked about Layla.
Sami was dating someone else.
Sami and Layla finally broke up in 2006.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for six months.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for the last several years.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for several years.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for more than six months.
Sami saw a name that looked familiar.
Sami recognized Layla's first name but didn't recognize the last name.
Sami cheated on Layla with a minor.
Sami did really crazy abusive things.
Sami's face went white when he looked down at his phone and saw Layla's number.
Sami wanted to know Layla's full name.
Sami started panicking a little bit.
Sami got a response back.
Sami is typing.
Sami was writing a really long paragraph.
Sami made videos about Layla on YouTube.
Sami changed his YouTube channel name.
Sami changed the name of his YouTube channel.
Sami found Layla's Snapchat.
Sami couldn't find Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami didn't want any contact with Layla.
Sami didn't respond to Layla.
Sami never heard this.
Sami was a master manipulator.
Sami came from a family of master manipulators.
Sami was good at manipulating people.
Sami had an opportunity to help.
Sami had an opportunity to help Layla.
Sami felt manipulated.
Sami lived through it.
Sami wasn't trying to ruin Layla and Farid's relationship.
Sami wanted to run.
Sami shouldn't look back.
Sami cheated on me with a minor.
Sami was chatting with a minor.
Sami dated a sixteen year old girl when he was twenty six.
Sami discussed this with Layla.
Sami extended his hand for help.
Sami wanted to block Layla on Facebook.
Sami went on with his life.
Sami got engaged.
Sami wasn't upset at all.
Sami is engaged.
Sami has been messaging Layla on Snapchat.
Sami obviously didn't listen to anything Layla said.
Sami shouldn't make the same mistakes Layla made.
Sami took Layla's hand.
Sami was messaging young girls online.
Sami was talking about his sex life.
Sami wanted to see more videos about that.
Sami caught Layla cheating.
Sami caught Layla cheating on her husband.
Sami caught Layla cheating on him.
Sami told us a new crazy story about aliens.
Sami caught his girlfriend cheating on him.
Sami met Layla on Halloween 2006.
Layla dressed as a zombie ballerina on Halloween.
Sami is the guy Layla was dating at the time.
Sami was one of Layla's friends.
Sami was the nicest guy ever.
Sami has recently gotten a girlfriend.
Sami wanted to meet this girl.
Sami has anything against gays.
Sami said it was freezing outside.
Sami didn't take a taxi.
Sami found a ton of people there.
Layla looks so cute.
Sami was really talkative.
Sami kept to himself a little bit.
Sami and Layla seemed a really good match.
Sami had his hands in his pockets.
Sami and Layla were making out at the party.
Sami and Layla were kissing at the party.
Sami and Layla made out at the party.
Layla wore a tutu.
Sami was trying ot be as quick as he could.
Sami yelled back.
Sami yelled and Layla yelled back.
Sami couldn't control it.
Sami doesn't dislike this girl but she is giving him really weird vibes.
Sami had plans to go to that bar.
Sami and Layla had plans to go to that bar.
Sami's Uber showed up.
Sami called an Uber.
Sami's car was so nice and warm.
Sami was complaining that it was too hot in the car.
Sami gets really angry when he sees this.
Sami doesn't really know her.
Sami was waiting outside the bar.
Sami found a line outside the bar.
Sami was sitting behind us.
Sami was complaining about how miserably cold he was.
Sami and Layla were arguing through their teeth.
Sami and Layla were bickering.
Sami and Layla were bickering in the back seat.
Sami drank six drinks that night.
Sami wasn't really that drunk.
Sami dreads going out.
Sami dreads going out at night.
Sami pulled out his phone in the middle of our conversation.
Sami pulled out his phone and started taking pictures.
Sami's phone isn't working.
Sami wanted Layla to take his picture.
Sami took a picture of us.
Sami took a couple pictures of Layla on his phone.
Sami can take a picture of us.
Sami had his phone in his hand.
Sami found that really entertaining.
Sami started paying more attention to me.
Layla doesn't want to get attention from women. She's straight.
Sami tried to make up with Layla.
Sami touched Layla's lower back.
Sami is probably just drunk.
Sami goes to the bathroom every ten minutes.
Sami and Layla have been dating for like a week.
Sami and Layla haven't seen each other for like a week.
Sami bought Layla a Christmas present.
Sami wanted to surprise Layla with a present.
Sami and Layla were passionately making out.
Sami and Layla were aggressively making out.
Sami and Layla had plans to go out the next night.
Sami and Layla had plans to go out on Halloween.
Sami is going out tonight.
Sami isn't going to go out tonight.
Sami can't go out without Layla.
Sami found a ton of people down there.
Sami was with the bartender.
Sami got more drinks at that bar.
Sami was sucking face with another girl.
The town of Ath Douala is located in Tizi Ouzou.
Sami caught Layla sucking face with Farid.
Sami's brother was with us.
Sami has seen Layla several times.
Sami's back was facing us.
Layla is Sami's new girlfriend.
Sami has to say something.
Sami remembers Layla from last night.
Sami was just standing there, stunned.
Sami must have mistaken this girl with someone else.
Sami is dating my best friend.
Sami doesn't even know who these guys are.
Sami ran up to the bathroom.
Sami tried to chase after Layla and talked to her.
Sami was sick last night.
Sami and Layla were with Farid last night.
Sami was yelling at my girlfriend.
Sami started showing Layla a bunch of pictures of his girlfriend.
Sami was super apologetic.
Sami is a really nice guy.
Sami needs to leave.
Sami stayed with Layla until Christmas.
Sami didn't believe us.
Sami was just drunk.
Sami isn't dating this girl anymore.
Sami enjoyed Layla's stories.
Anzar's fiancee is beautiful.
Leonardo Fibonacci was born in the city of Pisa.
Sami is not going to watch the video.
Sami wrote a response back.
Sami was really flattered.
Sami has seen Layla's video.
Sami is still watching Layla's YouTube video.
Sami sent the link to his video to a group chat.
Sami had a Cinderella story with Layla.
Sami was going through the list.
Sami wanted to make fun of Layla.
Sami shouldn't mess with Layla.
Sami wanted to get Layla and Farid together.
Sami was messing with them.
Mennad and Baya ended up becoming friends.
Sami is the nicest guy ever.
Sami's manager was following this whole fiasco.
Sami would hide from his friends.
Sami isn't going to believe it.
Sami wondered why Layla cared so much.
Sami sent Layla some questions.
Sami used to do that all the time.
Sami sent Layla questions about her relationship with Farid.
Sami went to his bank.
Sami couldn't find the checkbook.
Sami couldn't find his checkbook.
Sami lost his checkbook.
Sami left his checkbook at Layla's office.
Sami thought he lost his checkbook.
Sami left his checkbook in Layla's car.
Sami dropped his checkbook in Layla's car.
Sami had his own group.
Sami and Layla had a clique in high school.
Layla ended up getting pregnant by Sami.
Sami wanted to know more about Layla's past.
Kurt Cobain died on April in Seattle.
Sami was dating other girls.
Sami did a YouTube series.
Sami needs to clarify that.
Sami felt the need to clarify that.
Sami and Layla were only fifteen or sixteen at the time.
Sami was forbidden to talk to Layla.
Sami had dinner with his whole family.
Sami and Layla were in the kitchen cooking practically all day.
Sami's mom wasn't there.
Sami still has no idea what Layla is doing.
Sami has to leave early.
Sami has to get out of my house.
Sami has been drinking in his room.
Sami spilled a bottle of alcohol in the room.
Sami saved that dog's life.
Sami saved those dogs' lives.
Sami and Layla are getting married this week.
Sami and Layla lost touch.
Sami is very old.
Sami got a friend request from Layla.
Sami and Layla had a cute relationship.
Sami wasn't on Facebook.
Sami was not on Facebook.
Sami and Layla started messaging.
M'hamed Issiakhem is a famous Kabyle artist.
Layla was so beautiful.
Sami was so handsome.
Sami was peeing on the toilet seat.
Sami put the toilet seat down.
Sami stood on a stool.
Sami was scratching his back with a butter knife.
Sami never clipped his toe nails.
Sami has long toe nails.
Sami used to be addicted to diet coke.
Sami and Layla would joke about it.
Sami hasn't brushed his teeth in six days.
Sami hasn't showered in six days.
Sami hasn't brushed his teeth in two days and hasn't showered in six.
Sami went back up to sleep.
Sami wonders what is going on.
Sami is lying on his stomach.
Sami made his way over to Layla.
Sami's dad called Layla's dad.
Sami and Layla wrote letters to each other.
Sami is going to have a day off.
Sami is coming to pick you up.
Sami needed to take a day off.
Sami didn't want to be open today.
Sami had a young manager.
Sami's manager is young.
Sami is a young manager.
Sami doesn't get along with his manager.
Sami was hanging out with his manager.
Sami was dating his manager.
Sami started dating his manager.
Sami's house is so far away.
If you have a newborn boy, call him Tom.
Sami can have the night off.
Sami lived in a cul-de-sac.
Sami is a middle-schooler now.
Layla was dating a new guy.
Layla was dating a new person.
Layla was dating someone else.
Sami and Layla started dating in June.
Sami and Layla haven't said "I love you" to each other yet.
Layla was in love with him.
Sami wasn't supposed to be the one to say it.
Layla wasn't supposed to be the one to say "I love you" first.
Sami was very loving and kind and sweet when he was with me.
Sami was too scared to talk about it.
Sami accidentally said "I love you" to Layla.
Sami was wrongly admitted to a mental hospital.
Sami spent six days in a mental hospital.
Sami met Layla in a mental hospital.
Sami was wrongfully admitted to a mental hospital.
Sami felt like it was a good choice.
Sami feels insulted.
A pregnant woman shouldn't smoke.
Sami is in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami has been through a similar thing.
Sami was going through a similar situation.
Sami has severely struggled with mental healt issues.
Sami was ill and he needed help.
Sami never told the truth.
Sami bought a protein powder.
Sami found Layla's steroids and he threw them away in the trash.
Sami was in the back patio area.
Sami tried everything.
Sami's audience was 60% women.
Sami was waiting for Layla to come out.
Sami got a message on Instagram.
Sami wanted to know what to do next.
Sami was texting his best friends about it.
Sami felt bad for that guy.
Sami kept hitting Layla up.
Sami thinks about it every night.
Sami was enjoying his bath.
Sami made an update to a previous video.
Sami left something at Layla's house.
Sami has been getting a ton of new followers on Facebook.
Sami had tons of followers on Facebook.
Sami needs to find Layla on Facebook.
Sami found Layla on Facebook.
Sami added Layla on Snapchat.
Sami was really puzzled.
Sami was messing with us.
Sami must be a friend of Layla's.
Sami and Layla are messaging each other.
Sami is pretty drunk.
Sami's wife was there with him.
Sami was a bit younger than Layla.
We will deal with it when it happens.
Sami wasn't a bad person.
Sami's youngest daughter was my age.
Sami was very sharp-tongued.
Sami was paying special attention to Layal.
Sami didn't mean to be rude.
Sami didn't want to interrupt that.
Sami backed away.
Sami was tickling Layla's back.
Sami was really tired and he needed to go to bed.
Sami shut the door and locked it.
Sami didn't know how to handle that situation.
Sami had school the next morning.
Sami's room was upstairs.
Sami war running downstairs.
Sami was walking down the stairs.
Sami was trying to make his way down the stairs.
Sami was asleep on the couch by himself.
Sami was trying to find his shoes.
Sami didn't open his phone.
Sami is still asleep on the couch.
Sami got back from school.
Sami was pretty drunk.
Sami just said hello and continued walking.
Sami went out later that night.
Sami went to town.
Sami was staying with a friend.
Sami took Layla to his side of town.
Sami drove back to his side of town.
Sami has been texting Layla all day.
Sami doesn't want to hang out with his co-workers.
Sami and Layla showed up together.
Sami was still paying attention to Layla.
Sami isn't nice at all.
Sami went back to his friend's house.
Sami ate a pizza at a pizza place.
Sami was going to go to bed.
Sami needed to go to bed.
Sami needed to be up early.
Sami lived with his friend.
Sami slept in the guest bedroom.
Sami was trying to fall asleep.
Sami was banging so loud.
Sami put in his headphones and watched some videos to fall asleep.
Sami was getting ready in the bathroom.
Sami is sitting in the bathroom.
Sami was sitting in the bathtub.
Sami and Layla came out of that room together.
Sami and Layla were trying to sneak out.
Sami and Layla started a secret relationship that night.
Sami wanted to be in a relationship with Layla.
Sami got out of that situation.
Sami is in a relationship.
Sami stuck to his morals.
Sami owes me money.
Sami has been so friendly and so kind.
Sami is moving to a new place.
Sami started working with us.
Sami was a big drug dealer.
Sami never came back again.
Sami is never gonna say this.
Sami said that was a truly iconic moment of his life.
Sami and Layla weren't scheduled together.
Sami was so annoying and so loud.
Sami had drugs in his car.
Sami is the sweetest, most adorable human.
Sami and Layla started working together.
Sami was so animated.
Sami was so excited and positive.
Sami didn't want to tell Layla his name.
Sami arrived and clocked in.
Sami continued to call Layla "Lily" until she quit.
Sami lived in a gigantic house.
Sami is so drunk.
Sami is slurring his words.
Sami is not here to judge you.
Sami worked at this restaurant.
Sami had a reputation at that restaurant for being not the best worker.
Sami always had new Nikes.
Sami always had new clothes.
Sami wasn't in the mood to work.
Sami worked a double shift.
Sami handed the cash to his manager.
Sami charged Layla six hundred dollars.
Sami is a pretty good negotiator.
Sami hosted a lot of parties at his house.
Sami kept talking about that house.
Sami has a party house in Cairo.
Sami didn't see a dog anywhere.
Sami didn't see a child anywhere.
Sami got a little more worried.
Sami started to get a little more worried.
Aksil killed Uqba.
Sami's backyard is the size of a soccer field.
Sami was hosting crazy parties.
Sami was scanning the backyard.
Sami wanted to wait outside.
Sami and Layla's relationship is so toxic.
Sami and Layla heard the noise and looked at each other.
Sami and Layla went inside.
Sami opened his car door.
Sami's dog was running around all over the place.
Sami loved dogs more than anything in the world.
Sami is going inside.
Sami's dog didn't have any identification.
Sami's dog sat on Layla's lap.
Sami's dog didn't have a collar.
Sami's dog was shaking.
Sami dog found a lost dog in the parking lot.
Sami ran a marathon in the Sahara desert.
Sami was getting in bed.
Sami made Layla a snack.
Sami was hungry and wanted a snack.
Sami was in a foggy haze.
Sami called from his manager's cellphone.
Sami is about to be fired.
Sami never got his degree.
Sami found a daycare that he did like.
Sami cleaned the toilet.
Sami wasn't financially in a good situation.
Sami paid the rest of the rent.
Sami ran track.
Sami never ran track again.
Sami needs to let Layla know.
Sami has used Skype for years.
Sami is still using Skype.
Sami is still on Skype.
Sami knows what Skype is.
Sami complained about the noise in the background.
Sami was listening to the recording but he also complained about the noice in the background.
Sami's battery was running low.
Sami didn't want to get into details.
Sami has recently graduated.
Sami listened to Christian music.
Sami bought Christian CD's.
Sami could only listen to Christian radio stations.
Sami made more videos.
Sami knows what to expect.
Sami is going back to sleep.
Sami and Layla were always together.
Sami was around a lot.
Sami was seen there a lot.
Sami hung out there a lot.
Sami told Layla not to hang out with Farid.
Sami was mutual friends with Layla and Farid.
Sami wondered what Layla was up to.
Sami was saying all that stuff about Layla.
Sami overheard Layla and Farid.
Sami overhead his parents talking about divorce.
Sami never accepted Layla's apology.
Sami went to church and came back.
Sami went to dinner.
Sami went back to his dorm room.
Sami was sitting in darkness.
Sami turned off all the lights.
Sami gained sixty pounds.
Sami and Layla were minors.
Sami had his soap but not his loofah.
Sami went to get his loofah.
Sami never takes a shower without a loofah.
Sami's loofah was disgusting.
Sami's loofah was dirty.
Sami's loofah stank.
Sami's loofahs smell.
Sami wiped the toilet with Layla's loofah.
Sami was on that recording.
Sami is trying to poison Layla.
Sami is going to get Layla expelled.
Sami is going to report Layla.
Sami is going to get Layla fired.
Sami put Layla's toothbrush in the sink.
Sami didn't try to poison Layla.
Sami knows that Layla doesn't like him.
Sami has been kind this entire time.
Sami could snap on Layla at any moment.
Sami was emptying his store.
Sami didn't know what was happening there.
Sami was waiting for a letter.
Sami wanted to make sure it really worked.
Sami is extremely rude.
Sami didn't put Layla's things in the correct room.
Sami refused to help Layla.
Sami was a complete asshole.
Sami didn't notice the bouquet.
Sami is a total douchebag.
Sami hates the bouquet.
Sami is being rude to family.
Sami is being belligerant.
Sami wanted to have fun.
Sami is a friend of mine.
Layla stole Salima's look.
Sami doesn't consider himself a celebrity.
Sami went to spend his summers in Ontario.
Sami went to school in Egypt.
Sami found the book very interesting.
Sami couldn't get the vision in his head.
Sami went to the event.
Sami flew to Cairo to attend a networking event.
Sami's mother was super sweet.
Sami tried to socialize a little bit.
Sami only knows Layla from social media.
Sami was in the break room.
Sami was smoking a cigarette in the break room.
Sami walked into the break room.
Sami was eating a snack in the break room.
Sami is a customer service agent.
Sami lives in a little ghost town.
Sami lives in a quieter neighborhood.
Sami moved out of this apartment.
Sami is not trying to jeopardize Layla's life.
Aart lives in a very racist area.
Sami had a dog and a whole bunch of cats.
Sami's cats have collars on them.
Sami put collars on his cats.
Mennad kept his cats inside his house.
Sami moved into Layla's building.
Sami dumped the box on Layla's porch.
Sami's cat was pissing on Layla's patio.
Sami's cat took a dump on Layla's doormat
Sami's cat shat on Layla's doormat.
Sami's patio smelt of ammonia.
Sami doesn't know Layla's personality well.
Sami and Layla are looking at each other.
Sami hung up in my face.
Sami walked over to Layla's desk and gave her a flower.
Sami did a lot of stuff like that.
Sami hid in the bathroom closet.
Sami got his first tattoo when he was sixteen.
Sami forgot the gun was there.
Sami said that loud.
Sami likes horror movies.
Sami and Layla are just making small talk.
Sami didn't want to smoke Layla's weed.
Sami ate a cockroach.
Sami's fridge teemed with small cockroaches.
Sami didn't scare me.
Sami's friend has been murdered.
Sami was smoking weed and his memory was shit.
Sami was short on money.
Sami didn't have any oil.
Sami can buy food with this money.
Sami wanted to buy one.
Sami wanted some money to buy weed.
Sami needs some money to buy weed.
Sami will buy weed with the money.
Sami is going to be weed with the money.
Sami bought this from the liquor store.
Sami is going to the liquor store.
Sami saw Layla with her purse open.
Sami got sent home for being intoxicated.
Sami couldn't drive that night.
Sami gave Layla caffeine pills.
Sami took some caffeine pills.
Sami smelt of weed.
Sami's room reeked of weed and alcohol.
Sami needed to cover that stench of weed.
Sami set up a new Facebook account.
Sami didn't accept Layla's friend request on Facebook.
Sami needs to try again.
Sami is not familiar with this series.
Sami is not familiar with this show.
Sami isn't familiar with this series.
Sami will never be an actor.
Sami isn't familiar with this show.
Sami stole from the cash register.
Sami's burglary was a huge fiasco.
Sami's robbery was a huge fiasco.
Sami tried to rob a bank.
Sami's heist was a huge fiasco.
Sami liked Layla's personality.
Sami isn't talking about other people.
Sami is interested in Layla's life.
Sami doesn't blame you because you weren't here when this happened.
Chuck Norris can press F13.
Sami was wet.
Layla came into the salon.
Sami was literally shocked.
Sami kept talking about it.
Sami has a car now.
Sami noticed that Layla made significant changes.
Sami doesn't know where you live.
Sami is familiar with that neighborhood.
Sami never came outside again.
Sami fixed his car bumper.
Sami had to walk a good long distance to get to his apartment.
Sami fixed his car.
Sami didn't know exactly where Layla lived.
Sami's jacket smelt like burning plastic.
Sami smelt so bad.
Sami slept in his car and he smelt so bad.
Sami had his nipples pierced.
Sami wanted to have his nipples pierced.
Sami didn't leave the school.
Sami was the worst bully to have.
Sami gave Layla shoes.
Sami was tired all the time.
Sami can't notice that.
Sami is making noise.
Sami is just playing.
Sami was gone for six days.
Sami never uses a towel.
Sami said he knew that girl.
Sami put the towel in the trash can.
Sami asked Layla to take the trash out.
Sami took the trash out.
Sami put the tip money into the register.
Sami got a check.
Sami got a paycheck.
Sami's desk was there.
Sami works Monday through Friday.
Sami has never been in a situation like that.
Sami had an emergency.
Sami and Layla said they were friends but I was pretty sure they were smashing.
Sami and Layla say they are friends but I'm pretty sure they're smashing.
Sami had to take his medication.
Sami and Layla were leaving really early.
Sami totalled his father's car.
Sami totalled his dad's pick-up truck.
Sami drove Layla's blue Ford Focus.
Sami should have left Layla alone.
Sami wasn't in that hotel room.
Sami was not in that hotel room.
Sami and Layla were smashing.
Sami and Layla are smashing in a hotel room.
Sami likes Hispanic girls.
Sami can't drink tequila.
Sami doesn't drink tequila.
Sami was on another couch, over there.
Sami and Layla were kissing on the couch.
Sami and Layla were making out on the couch.
Sami and Layla were smashing on the couch.
Sami and Layla were sucking face on the couch.
Sami and Layla were having sex on the couch.
Sami and Layla were fucking on the couch.
Sami had cameras.
Sami needs to move out.
Sami found a place to rent.
Layla got her nails done at Sami's salon.
Sami needs to get an apartment.
Sami was talking shit about me when I wasn't there.
Jesus was born in before Chuck Norris.
Sami had an envelope.
Sami never smoked a cigarette in his life.
Sami opened the envelope and found some paystubs in it.
Sami gave Layla her last check.
Sami is trying to move out.
Sami was very outspoken.
Sami doesn't need this job.
Sami didn't need a ride.
Sami could go to work at McDonald's with Layla.
Sami is not arguing.
Sami isn't arguing.
Sami needs the other paystubs.
Sami didn't like me even more.
Sami came up to me and started to yell in my ear.
Sami wanted to confront Layla's ass.
Sami quit that night.
Sami came at the beginning of Layla's shift.
Sami heard that Layla had been talking about him.
Sami is a US citizen.
Sami became an Egyptian citizen.
Sami is upset with me.
Sami will give Layla her paystubs.
Sami thinks he knows everything that's going on.
Sami could report Layla to the cops.
Sami is smashing his female co-workers.
Sami was looking confused.
Sami was packing his shit in this box.
Sami packed his shit and left the office.
Sami was fired because he was black.
Sami was renting out rooms.
Sami is not a gossiper.
Sami doesn't listen to rumors.
Sami's children are 30+ years old.
Sami was really terrified.
Sami's phone was about to die.
Sami's computer was his only way of communication in that house.
Sami skipped the whole school year.
Sami was performing the song.
Sami can come back tomorrow.
Sami was done with his presentation.
Sami showed Layla how to sign some basic ASL phrases.
Sami will be in trouble.
Sami was released from Bakir prison.
Sami got a little percentage off.
Sami used to do that.
Sami shouldn't have done this.
Sami gave Layla a piece of candy.
Sami died while at work.
Sami was a medical examiner.
Layla flatironed her wig.
Sami was an emotionless person.
Sami fucked Layla.
Sami fucked his manager.
Sami fucked many girls.
Sami was fucking that girl.
Sami never changed.
Sami fucked multiple bitches.
Layla didn't get pregnant by Sami.
Sami stepped on the dog's tail.
Sami's gate was open.
Sami thought he lost his dog.
Sami was trying to sneak into the house.
Sami gave Layla's video a thumbs-up.
Sami owned the business.
Sami owned a condo in Cairo.
Sami and his kids sat around.
Perhaps it is real.
Sami read some sections of the Bible.
Sami memorized an entire section of the Bible.
Sami is not an artistic person.
Sami isn't a creative person.
Sami was touching my things.
Sami did a lot of fighting on behalf of other people.
Sami couldn't believe he was in that situation.
Sami couldn't sit there for an hour.
Sami took Layla to the pool.
Sami went to the community pool.
Sami was crossing the street.
Sami casually called Layla his girlfriend.
Sami a sixteen year old boy.
Sami likes seafood.
Sami dropped the oysters on the floor.
Sami knew that Layla was very flirtatious.
Sami ended up finding about the affair.
Sami and Layla argued the whole drive.
Sami lives in another state.
Sami lives in another province of Canada.
Sami is not affiliated with any thieves.
Sami is one of Layla's little brothers.
Sami and Layla live in the same apartment complex.
Sami and Layla are younger than me.
Sami is not affiliated with those punks.
Sami heard Layla say that.
Sami was at the wrong place, at the wrong time.
Sami charged his camera a little bit.
Sami had a look inside.
Sami didn't try to hit Layla back.
Sami was being friendly.
Sami needed money for the rent.
Sami isn't going to live with Layla.
Sami isn't going to be my roommate.
Sami was smiling in our faces.
Sami passed away peacefully at home.
Sami was nice enough to come with me.
Sami stayed at a hotel.
Sami invited Layla to his grandfather's funeral.
Sami wasn't invited to the funeral.
Sami is having a seizure.
Sami was taken to the ER.
Sami used ecstasy.
Sami was taken to the emergency room.
Sami dropped a pill inside Layla's soda.
Sami hasn't done drugs for quite a while.
Sami wanted Layla to be high like her.
Sami could have committed suicide.
Layla was Sami's pregnant daughter.
Sami has a hard time trusting people.
Sami doesn't like sharing drinks with friends.
Sami did this to me.
Sami is an old friend.
Sami could barely carry that suitcase.
Sami didn't call the police.
Sami and Layla were both busy.
Sami was pretty freaked out, to say the least.
Sami started reading the e-mail.
Sami will send Layla an e-mail.
Sami offered Layla dollars.
Sami brought a grocery bag.
Sami hates this word.
Sami hates Layla's dogs.
Sami hated that name.
Sami is really sick.
Sami is sick of it.
Sami had to help Layla.
Sami never tweeted about it.
Sami texted his friends.
Sami found that so funny.
Sami got a new e-mail from Layla.
Sami and Layla were living their lives.
Sami e-mailed me at my business e-mail.
Sami has managers.
Sami has a business e-mail.
Sami gave Layla his business e-mail.
Sami went through the video description box.
Sami e-mailed that back to me.
Sami still doesn't understand this.
Sami called Layla pretty much every fifteen minutes.
Sami is filing a lawsuit against Layla.
Sami has been harassing Layla all day.
Sami got that call.
Sami was sued by the IRS.
Sami got a voice mail.
Sami has been receiving these calls every fifteen minutes.
Sami's e-mail box was flooded with messages.
Sami received a call from the IRS.
He hid the money under his clothes.
He's taking everything he owns with him.
She's taking everything she owns with her.
He took all my things with him.
She took all my things with her.
Tom and Mary boarded the ship.
Sami was trying to scam Layla.
Sami never answers an unknown number call.
Sami accidentally answered an unknown number call.
Sami's battery was dead.
Sami's insistant calls drained Layla's phone battery.
Sami's phone was dying.
Sami ignored Layla's call.
Sami didn't answer Layal's call.
Sami answered the phone and said "hello" and there was nothing on the other end.
Sami thought the whole thing was so weird.
Sami doesn't think that these things are correlated.
Sami has finally got Layla.
Sami and Layla started laughing.
Sami was maniacally laughing.
Sami thinks it's weird.
Sami is going to the grocery store.
Sami finds this so weird.
Sami still doesn't know what to do about it.
Sami thinks it's too weird.
Sami is getting more clever with his scams.
Sami answered the unknown number call.
Sami didn't know how to explain this.
Sami changed clothes.
Sami filmed a new video.
Sami was pushing the door from the other side.
Sami has mentioned this before.
Sami heard that growling noise.
Sami is going to sleep on the couch.
Sami left his room.
Sami knew he wasn't alone.
Sami could feel that something else was in the room.
Sami had sleep paralysis.
Sami could hear everything.
Sami is staying with his mom.
Sami filmed this video in his room.
Sami broke his camera.
Sami started getting rude.
Sami saw the videos.
Sami asked Layla if she could babysit his kid for her.
Sami has a lot of experience with kids.
Sami really wants to talk about it.
Sami heard things creaking.
Sami was the top of his class.
Sami loves scary stories.
Sami was fascinated by the story.
Sami tried to read as much as he possibly could.
Sami is just confused.
Sami met Layla, his wife, in high school.
Sami was taken completely by surprise.
Sami tried to make Layla change her mind.
Sami lives close to Layla's hometown.
Mennad told Baya that they could be friends after they broke out.
Sami did the same thing.
Sami was at a local bar.
Sami didn't recognize Layla at first.
Sami made his way across the bar and hugged Layla.
Sami was back in town mid-semester.
Sami thought nothing of it.
Sami left me behind.
"I'm spending the evening with Tom." "Isn't Tom your cat?"
Sami went to a movie theater.
Sami has been in an accident.
Sami couldn't remember specific memories from his childhood.
Sami and Layla hung out again soon after.
Sami wasn't going back to school in Egypt.
Sami wanted to stay here.
Sami and Layla want to have six kids.
Sami decided to go.
Sami and Layla had a ridiculous argument that night.
Sami didn't understand why he had that argument with Layla and he's still processing it.
Sami dumped me right after he graduated.
Sami told me about his life.
Sami was still feeling abused.
Sami fell in love with Egypt.
Sami was married with six kids.
Sami ended the conversation there and immediately left.
Sami was trying to piece all this together.
Sami has to tell Layla this story.
Sami's efforts were appreciated.
Sami had dozens of missed calls and texts.
Sami was not happy.
Sami was taking the kids to school.
Sami wasn't happy.
Sami needed to investigate.
Sami didn't recognize Layla's number.
Sami can't talk now.
Sami went to work on Saturday.
Sami got nothing done.
Sami didn't have any issues at home.
Sami wasn't on the guest list.
Sami checked the list.
Sami never showed up.
Sami is ignoring them.
Sami just ignored them.
Sami can't leave his kids behind.
Sami wants to confront Layla.
Sami can explain everything.
Sami had plans to kill Layla.
Sami believes this story to be true.
Sami stayed in my car.
Sami was disappointed.
Sami was in the car.
Sami told Layla the story exactly as it happened.
Sami needs to keep that story as close to the truth as possible.
Sami was feeling ashamed and embarrassed.
Sami and Layla met after dinner.
Sami found this story on Reddit.
Sami couldn't focus on anything.
Sami wanted to read the second part of the story.
Sami is reading the post.
Sami is reading Layla's post.
Sami has been reading all of the comments.
Mennad is still at his girlfriend's house.
Sami sent Layla a bunch for Chinese characters.
Sami assumed that Layla was a homeless person.
Sami likes tongue twisters.
Sami's landlady has passed away.
Sami will stay in this house until the end of the month.
Sami never heard back from Layla.
Sami is obviously shocked.
Sami cut his family visit short.
Sami was kicked out by his parents.
Sami was originally from Egypt.
Sami's Arabic is OK.
Sami didn't understand my message.
Sami called at about six p.m.
Sami lives in the west of the city.
Sami knew that we were living there illegally.
Sami returned to that house to pick up some of his belongings.
Sami said the noise was coming from above.
Sami has been there for six days.
Sami locked the door and was too scared to leave the room.
Sami didn't read my previous message.
Sami said there was a police car outside.
Sami was sent to that house.
Sami will get back to you as soon as possible.
Sami felt awful hanging up on Layla.
Sami can't read Chinese character.
Sami is still trapped in his room.
Sami phoned the police and gave them all the details about the situation.
Sami begged Layla to tell him what happened.
Sami couldn't disclose any information about the case.
Sami could barely hear Layla.
Sami couldn't just leave them there.
Sami drove back to the house.
Sami has a kitchen knife.
Don't worry, your mother is alive.
Sami left the door wide open.
Sami hears it.
Notice how I play this game.
Layla was wearing her nightgown.
Sami will never forget Layla's face.
Sami saw the face of the ghost.
Sami had pale skin.
Sami read the note.
Sami rushed past me.
Sami found no one in the house.
Sami was clutching a cup of tea.
Sami couldn't stop shivering.
Sami searched the house and found nothing.
Sami stole what he wanted and left.
Sami didn't take anything of value from Layla's room.
Sami wasn't there when the police checked his house.
Sami's room was a mess.
Sami can't get the image of that ghost out of his head.
Sami is still there, hiding somewhere.
Sami read everything.
Sami needed to take a break.
Sami said he was covered with goose pimples.
Sami said he was covered with goosebumps.
Sami misled Layla.
Sami wasn't telling the entire truth.
Sami needs to get himself out of this situation.
Sami moved in last year.
Sami needs to know a little bit more about Layla and her background.
Sami lived in Egypt alone.
Sami regularly sends money back to his family in Egypt.
Sami needed to send more money to Layla.
Sami was immediately skeptical about Layla's story.
Sami used the story as an excuse to hike up his rent.
Sami and Layla had a loud argument in the hallway.
Sami left Layla with no place to live.
Sami didn't read Layla's first post.
Sami's girlfriend can't stay over.
Sami got a text from her.
Sami thought that was funny.
Sami kept accusing me of lying.
Sami was at work that evening.
Sami was checking his phone intermittently.
Sami was overcome with the mixture of anger and panic.
Sami is gonna die anyways.
Sami is going to die anyways.
Shout as loud as you can and he will not hear you because he is 100% deaf.
Sami didn't answer the phone.
Sami was outraged.
Sami could hear the rain in the background.
Sami heard a woman screaming.
Sami heard Layla weeping.
Sami had no idea where Layla was.
Sami was implicated in the accident.
Sami finally mustered up the courage to call the police.
Sami knew Layla was long dead before the police told him.
Sami loved the entire story.
Sami doesn't like the ending of the story.
Sami had a confession to make.
Sami read the whole thing.
Sami took a week off.
Have a nice lunch.
Sami posted this a few days ago.
Sami was totally shocked.
Hello, sir.
Sami is super excited.
Sami loves Layla's work so much.
Sami wants to read more.
Sami grabbed himself a drink and a snack and went upstairs to watch the movie.
Sami slept inside.
Sami slept in that empty house.
Sami kept the light on.
Sami and Layla became accustomed to that.
Sami almost had a panic attack.
Sami is such a baby.
Sami didn't have any physical interaction with Layla.
Sami doesn't know how long this will last.
Sami survives off meager portions of bread and water.
Sami heard Layla breathing heavily behind him.
Sami is the only person that I see regularly.
Sami was always smiling.
Sami wanted to see Layla suffer.
Sami was trembling in fear.
Sami got dressed up as best he could.
Sami wished he could see Layla more often.
Sami didn't go to the bathroom.
Sami saw the pale face of a ghost.
Sami knew that Layla hated him the most.
Sami's story baffled us.
Sami was there when Layla died.
Sami was on the phone with Layla.
Sami keeps coming back.
Sami is totally wrong.
Sami tried to leave the house.
Sami knows Layla would never leave him alone.
Sami was watching the game.
Sami is really curious about that.
Sami tried to kill her.
Sami was obsessed with this story.
Sami showed signs of mental illness.
Sami hasn't heard of this story.
Sami loves stories like these.
Sami is really being creepy.
Sami is really excited to read this story.
Sami is currently living in a large city in Cairo.
Sami decided to rent a room.
Sami is Egyptian and he's really nice.
Sami lives in a quiet house and it's really the perfect atmosphere for studying.
It's a bit more complicated than that.
Sami could hear the wind howling.
Sami is coming over next week.
Sami was going to come over.
Sami texted her again.
Sami asked for permission.
Tom has not yet come back from the forest.
Sami is coming over next Saturday.
Sami was back from work.
Tom is limping a little.
Sami drives out of the city for work.
Sami didn't get a response immediately.
Sami called Layla at approximately six p.m.
Sami didn't get any message from Layla.
Sami was in an accident.
Sami was not expecting that.
Sami isn't expecting that.
Sami wasn't too concerned.
Sami was not too concerned.
Sami ended up calling the police.
Sami is staying at a hotel.
Sami's Arabic isn't normally this bad.
Who(m) did you give your phone number to?
Sami is staying at a hotel tonight.
Sami said he was hungry.
Sami sent the text to me by accident.
Sami wants to go home.
Sami started to write back.
Sami answered the call.
Sami was speaking in a weird way.
Sami can't read those Chinese characters.
Sami made me very angry.
Sami was really surprised.
Sami never responds.
Sami went back to his reading.
Sami became more and more concerned that Layla still hadn't showed up.
Sami found that a little bit weird.
Sami began whispering something that sounded like my name.
Sami was whispering Layla's name.
Sami began whispering.
Sami was whispering something.
He couldn't keep his mind off her.
Sami immediately ran to the door and locked it.
She couldn't keep her mind off him.
Sami started beating on the door.
Tom couldn't keep his mind off Mary.
Sami was staring at the door.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla since.
Tom couldn't keep his mind off of Mary.
Sami left Layla's bedroom.
Sami never contacted the police.
Sami wanted to leave the room.
Sami was speaking.
Sami's message was posted in June, 2006.
He couldn't keep his mind off of her.
Sami wrote the message.
Sami was on an assignment.
Sami read Layla's post.
Sami didn't turn off the light.
She couldn't keep her mind off of him.
Sami was feeling pretty groggy.
Sami realized the door was locked.
Sami is making coffee.
Tom couldn't keep his eyes off of her.
Tom couldn't keep his eyes off of Mary.
Sami's car wasn't parked outside.
Sami was totally fricking wrong.
Sami was overcome with hunger.
Sami's door was open just a crack.
Sami could tell that there was something wrong.
Sami had white teeth.
Sami was breathing heavily.
Sami was choking on water.
Mary couldn't keep her eyes off of Tom.
Mary couldn't keep her eyes off of Tom for very long.
Sami had his mobile phone in his right hand.
Sami thundered after Layla down the hall.
Sami didn't dare to look back.
Sami ran until he made it to the next cafe.
Sami is coming to pick me up.
If you didn't know, now you know.
Sami was feeling so shaken up that he could barely move.
Sami still hasn't responded.
She sat beside him silently.
Sami didn't really understand what I was saying.
Tom sat silently beside Mary.
Sami noticed a sudden change in Layla's tone.
He was entranced by her beauty.
Don't be afraid; nothing will happen to you as long as you are next to me.
Sami asked Layla to confirm her license plate number.
Sami was killed in a hit-and-run accident Saturday night.
Sami was living in that house illegally.
Tom was entranced by Mary's beauty.
Sami is living in Layla's house.
Sami's corpse had been robbed before the police found it.
Sami's messages were written in Arabic.
Sami used a translator.
Sami used an online translator.
Sami may be a homeless person.
Sami robbed corpses.
Layla was Sami's landlady.
Sami wanted to meet me in person.
Sami is here now.
The crowd burst into a standing ovation.
The crowd burst into laughter.
Sami asked me to call him back.
Sami is starting to feel much better.
Sami received this text message.
Sami is still talking about food.
Sami kept using Arabic.
Sami phoned the police to let them know.
Sami's stories are so entertaining.
Sami watched those videos constantly.
Tom is a pedophile.
Sami saw a squirrel on the road.
Sami didn't think that was an interesting thing to talk about.
Sami used to live in a military town.
Sami walked into the apartment building.
Sami tells very cool and interesting stories.
Sami and Layla smiled.
Sami is going to love those videos.
Sami is a crazy weirdo.
Sami was a weird guy.
Sami and Layla lived in a military town.
Layla is married and it's a military.
Sami had zero dollars to spend on anything.
Sami had zero cents to spend on anything.
Sami didn't expect to see Layla there.
Sami lives in my apartment building.
Sami goes to that neighborhood all the time.
Sami was being followed by a crazy stalker.
Sami's car was rusty.
Sami's car was beat down.
Sami's car isn't blue.
Sami saw Layla several times after this.
Sami is going to die now.
Sami turned around and saw his mom.
Donald Trump is as blond as Boris Johnson.
Sami and Layla are following me.
Sami wasn't aware enough of the situation.
Sami thought it was a coincidence.
Sami never bought anything while he was in there.
I didn't eat as much meat as you did.
Sami didn't buy anything.
Sami needed something but he was afraid to ask.
Sami ran to his car.
Sami wasn't far behind me.
Sami saw Layla leave Walmart.
Sami found that kind of strange.
Sami didn't say anything to his mom.
Sami drove to his apartment complex.
This ring costs as much as this car.
Sami and Layla didn't think much of it.
Sami has a husky.
Sami walked his dog all the time.
Sami went on a walk with his dog.
Sami lives in my apartment complex.
Sami went for a walk.
Sami was walking through the neighborhood.
Sami walked his dog through that neighborhood.
Drink at least a glass of water if you can't have lunch.
Sami saw Layla's rusty broken-down little car.
Sami and Layla lived in a small town.
Sami has a nice house.
Sami doesn't like to make judgments.
Sami continued his walk.
Sami walked back out.
Sami's car was seen driving through the neighborhood.
Sami assumed he was being watched.
Sami kept seeing that car everywhere.
Sami and Layla have similar looking cars.
Sami took down his trash to the dumpster.
Sami saw the blue car coming down the road.
Sami drove past Layla's apartment building.
Sami and Layla made eye contact for about two seconds.
Sami made eye contact with me.
Sami didn't know what made that noise.
Sami's story is so weird.
Sami made a sharp turn around.
Sami made such a hard stop that his wheels squeaked.
Sami opened the dumpster and threw the trash.
Sami was walking back to his apartment building.
Sami wanted to kill me.
Sami wanted to ask me a question.
Sami was lost and needed to ask for directions.
Sami has seen that car all over town.
Sami threw his trash into the dumpster.
Sami started walking really quickly.
Sami came running after me.
Sami immediately turned around and saw Layla.
Sami didn't know what was happening here.
Sami looked like he had just seen a ghost.
Sami didn't know what to say to Layla.
Sami asked Layla if she had a boyfriend.
Sami started at that man.
Sami held Layla's hand.
Sami followed Layla into her apartment building.
Sami has seen Layla a lot today.
Sami found this hard to explain.
Sami has to go.
Sami started walking up the stairs.
Sami didn't want to give Layla his number.
Sami just stood there and stared at me.
Sami just sat there and stared at me.
Sami was going to the sixth floor.
Sami told his wife what had just happened.
Sami was so livid.
Sami is scary.
Sami is creepy.
Sami and Layla ran outside.
Sami jumped into his car, started it, and drove off.
Sami followed me into my apartment building.
Sami didn't know what Layla wanted.
Sami lives over there.
Sami followed Layla into the buidling.
Sami was in Layla's apartment complex.
Sami's dog needs a fur cut so badly.
Sami was going to Disneyland.
They asked us to do that.
One shouldn't drink alcohol while driving.
He doesn't smoke and he doesn't practise any sport.
I think that this computer is infected by a virus.
Here are the thieves who stole the wallet of that old woman.
Some people hurt other people and still complain!
Blood is a red liquid that flows through arteries and veins.
Tom is lamenting Mary's death.
Tom makes bad use of his strength.
I love you more than Mary does.
I seem to have my eyes full of sand.
Tom said that Mary had run away before he arrived.
In a few years, we'll all be dead.
Tom is twelve years old.
This custom is still observed today.
We will be very happy if we have another daughter.
I will be very happy if I see you.
We will be very happy if we have another child.
Tom writes more correctly than Mary.
Mary writes more correctly than Tom.
Tom and Mary want to have two sons.
Don't you want to have another son?
Mary is expecting a new baby.
I'll fill your cup.
The T-shirt is clean enough.
The T-shirt isn't clean enough.
Give me the T-shirt.
I want you to be loved.
Although the ships were heavy, they sailed quite quickly.
Death seemed to be better than this task.
It's hard to find.
Have you ever been a soldier?
Have you ever been a teacher?
Today I walked eight miles.
Tom is deaf in his right ear.
Mary is deaf in her left ear.
Mary is very much like her mother.
Tom is very different from his father.
Mary is very different from her mother.
Tom is lame in his right foot.
Mary is lame in her left foot.
Tom deserves punishment.
Let the doctor be old, and the barber young.
Knowledge has no enemy except an ignorant person.
No littering.
My little jokes are not to his taste.
Did anybody force you to do that?
I saw her carrying the bags.
Hearing these words, Tom laughed.
I saw him carrying books.
He's taking a little food with him.
Mary wants to return to her country.
Tom wants to return to his country.
The sky became black.
I see the sun setting every day.
I see the sun rising every day.
France is my second country.
He is taking a few clothes with him.
I was born before you.
Early computer programs were written on punch cards.
The world is full of interesting problems.
The world is full of interesting people.
The world is full of unsolved problems.
My hearing is not as good as it used to be.
My sight is not as good as it used to be.
Tom's hearing is not as good as it used to be.
Tom created a new folder on his computer.
Tom renamed the folder.
Tom's curiosity was piqued.
Mary's curiosity was piqued.
The scientists gathered data.
The scientists analyzed the data they had gathered.
Don't you want to have another child?
It's all in here.
"It's all in here," said Tom pointing to his head.
Tom and Mary want to have two children.
He and I are going to the gym.
Im going to Washington.
Were about to go to Gallup.
Are you two going to Phoenix?
He's tired.
I stop hoeing again and again because it keeps starting to rain.
Is this the road to Window Rock?
Mother, I am going to Shiprock.
Are you going to Shiprock?
I am going to Shiprock.
My mother, I am going to Shiprock.
How many years did Tom do that?
Sami said someone tried to break into his house this morning.
Sami is more active on Instagram.
Sami doesn't really want to talk about this.
Sami was out of town all the time at the time this happened.
Sami was in his dad's house by himself.
Sami and Layla live in the same neighborhood.
Sami and Layla moved there.
Sami and Layla have lived there forever.
Sami and Layla lived in a cul-de-sac.
Sami worked until late that night.
Sami's shift starts at the beginning of the night.
Sami doesn't watch Layla's vlogs.
Sami has a dog and her name is Layla.
Sami fell asleep at midnight.
Sami woke up to his dog's barking.
Sami's dog was in the driveway.
Sami's dog knows Layla.
Sami started walking down the hallway.
Sami looked at his dog.
Sami's dog was snarling.
Sami sat there and listened.
Sami stood there and listened.
Sami heard a scratching noise.
Sami is unclocking the door.
Sami didn't hear any banging.
Sami heard banging.
Sami grabbed his phone and called 911.
Sami didn't see anyone there.
Sami is opening the blinds.
Sami was being killed.
Sami saw headlights coming.
Sami drove down the main road.
Sami's car pulled up to Layla's driveway.
Sami can hear the noise now.
Sami literally freaked out.
Sami lost his mind.
Sami saw the silhouette of a person.
Sami woke up the the barking.
Sami went to the frontdoor.
Sami can see you.
Sami heard someone jingling the door.
Sami was covered in chills.
Sami was so afraid to talk about this.
Sami literally saved us.
Sami's car literally took off.
Sami looked around the property.
Sami said Layla was so nice.
Sami hid under Layla's house.
Sami never fell back asleep for days.
Sami never tells people where he lives.
Sami stood there and he could hear that noise.
Sami went all the way down to the bottom of the cul-de-sac.
Sami's dog was already barking.
Sami's dog must have heard something.
Sami's dog was barking because he heard something.
Sami didn't wake up.
Sami was genuinely scared.
Sami always loves reading that.
Sami always loves reading comments on his videos.
Sami posts videos every Saturday.
Sami said this happened last week.
Sami called the cops on Layla and her friends.
Sami lives in the worst part of town.
Sami struggled with the disease of addiction.
Sami wanted to live in this area.
Sami still lives in this area.
Sami loves the house itself, but he hates this area.
Sami hates white people.
Sami is watching a TV show.
Sami fell asleep at about ten.
Sami cracked his window to have some fresh air come in.
Sami fell asleep at about ten o'clock.
Sami's cat was jumping all over me.
Sami snapped his fingers and Layla woke up.
Sami heard tires screetching.
Sami was probably going at sixty miles an hour.
Sami drove past really fast.
Sami heard the tires squealing.
Sami heard the voice of a male.
Sami heard screaming and cussing.
Sami and Layla had a very heated conversation.
Sami fell back asleep.
Sami heard a beer bottle shattering.
Sami heard a woman's voice.
Sami kept hearing that noise.
Sami drove past Layla's house.
Sami went down the street.
Sami heard the same thing.
Sami heard a man's voice.
Sami ended up falling back asleep.
Sami lives in my neighborhood.
Sami had crazy neighbors.
Sami saw Layla's recent videos.
Sami calls the cops on everyone.
Sami didn't want that to happen.
Sami hasn't made any noise.
Sami started getting a little more uneasy.
Sami was having a fight with his wife.
Sami's threats made Layla's blood run cold.
Sami was screaming at the top of his lungs.
Sami is being tortured.
Sami got ready to go to work.
Sami's mind started racing to every crazy scenario.
Sami was waiting for the police to show up.
Sami was obviously exhausted.
Have you ever been stuck in a lift?
Sami was screaming at somebody.
Sami's house is really small.
Sami shut the door behind him.
Sami googled the local police station.
Sami called the emergency number.
Sami watched a lot of crime shows.
Sami wanted to call the cops anonymously.
Sami obviously needed help.
Sami didn't call anyone else.
Sami called the police station.
Sami is not exactly sure where Layla is.
Sami was driving down the street.
Sami was so uninterested.
Sami deals with this type of call all the time.
Sami just doesn't know who he can trust.
Sami preferred to be anonymous.
Sami didn't give his address to the police.
Sami was driving very fast.
Sami heard a couple of cars drive by.
Sami isn't allowed to do that.
Sami didn't know if he was allowed to do that.
Sami's dog barks at everything.
Sami could hear the noise so well.
Sami's window was cracked.
Sami told the cops this whole story.
Sami started hysterically laughing.
Sami found the story really funny.
Sami just started laughing.
Sami started laughing as well.
Sami texted his other roommate.
Sami asked Layla to wake him up.
Sami made some popcorn.
Sami is thinking about it.
Sami got into a fight with Farid.
Sami does a lot of his Christmas shopping at Target.
Sami was in the check-out line.
We found a nail stuck in the tyre.
Sami was behind Layla.
Sami was standing in line behind that woman.
Sami was standing in a check-out line.
Sami picked the shortes check-out line.
Sami is not going to pay for that.
Sami changed the price.
Sami wanted to punch Layla in the face.
Sami was super rude.
Sami wasn't supposed to pay this much.
Sami has zero patience to people who are rude to him.
Sami has zero patience to people who are rude to him at work.
Sami was yelling at the waitress.
Sami is yelling at the cashier.
Sami walked away from the check-out line.
Sami stood in line, waiting.
Layla was the nicest and sweetest girl ever.
Layla was the nicest waitress with the patience of a goddess.
Sami paid the normal price.
Sami has to try this next time.
Sami can download this app.
Sami pulled out his phone.
Sami pulled out his phone and asked Layla to show him how to download the app.
Sami made everyone in the line wait.
Sami argued with the cashier and made everyone in the line wait.
Sami could still hear Layla behind him.
Richard Dawkins is a famous atheist.
"Get to bed quickly!" Tom ordered Layla.
Richard Dawkins is an atheist.
"Tom has cancer," his doctor said.
Tom drove his children to football practice.
Dalila is the best student in our school.
What do the news say today?
In North Africa, there are not jaguars.
I don't understand why people kill each other since there is room for everybody on Earth.
He understands at a glance.
Sami's children were watching.
Sami was cussing in front of my mom.
Sami was short of a few dollars.
Sami didn't have enough money.
Sami was standing at the cash register.
Sami won't take the money.
Sami worked there as a cashier.
Sami worked at Walmart as a cashier.
Sami should be ashamed of himself.
Sami was literally shaking.
Sami bought gifts.
Sami won't respond.
Sami told Layla to keep the change.
Sami's behavior changed after that.
Sami is still the exact same person.
Sami posts six new videos per week.
Sami swore on his daughter's life that he didn't do that.
Sami was a customer from hell.
Sami wanted to hear the story.
Layla worked there with her boyfriend at the time.
Sami worked for a chain restaurant.
Sami's company was constantly getting rid of managers.
Sami has been working there.
Sami showed up on a Saturday night.
Sami was getting ready to leave.
Sami wasn't really a manager.
Sami and Layla sat down.
Sami doesn't want to be judgmental.
Sami was a little rednecky.
Sami walked up to Layla's table.
Sami was a little older than me.
Sami was probably a little older than me.
Sami was asking how much everything cost.
Sami was asking a lot of questions about the liquors.
Sami asked me many questions.
Sami needed more time.
Sami deals with that a lot.
Sami says it takes a to piss him off.
Sami never smiled at me.
Sami hates redneck names.
Sami has worked for this restaurant for so long.
Sami can do it for you.
Sami ordered a steak.
Sami wanted his steak well done.
I love him as the apple of my eye.
Sami was a sassy redneck.
Sami came in here to eat.
I love her as the apple of my eye.
Sami's food isn't here.
Sami shouldn't test Layla.
Sami talked to me like I was a piece of shit.
Sami didn't understand why it was taking so long.
Sami was enjoying everything.
Sami said that his steak was like rubber.
Sami's steak was well done.
Sami was talking bullshit.
Tom doesn't really like Sami.
Sami was just looking for trouble.
Sami's steak was overcooked.
Sami's steak was undercooked.
Sami hated the sauce.
Sami was still being polite to the customer.
Sami ate an entire dish.
Sami paid the bill.
Sami paid the steak.
Sami continued to eat the steak.
Sami and Layla tried ganging up on me.
Sami is so livid.
Sami didn't see Layla for the entire night.
Sami literally didn't see Layla for the entire night.
Sami doesn't need to curse at me to get what he wants.
Sami tried to leave without paying.
Sami can't go back in there.
Sami called Layla a bitch to her face.
Sami was verbally abusing Layla.
Sami can't go back.
Sami asked somebody else to do it.
Sami cursed at the server.
Sami gave Layla free food.
Sami was my boyfriend at the time.
Sami did all of that.
Sami gave the cards to Layla.
Sami has to get out now.
Sami cursed at one of our servers.
Sami doesn't tolerate that.
Sami did actually say it.
Layla is a fucking bitch.
Sami had the worst temper.
Sami was getting so mad.
Sami has to get up and leave right now.
Sami wondered what hole Layla crawled out of.
Sami just shut the door.
Sami had a horrible job experience there.
Sami laughed at Layla's misfortunes.
Sami works at Walmark or Wakmart or whatever you wanna call it.
Sami got a job there.
Sami got a cool job.
Sami needed to put gas in his car.
Sami didn't support Layla financially.
Sami never supported Layla financially.
Sami has been hired.
Sami started his first shift on Saturday.
Sami worked at the outdoor pool.
Sami started his new job at the outdoor pool.
Sami was really shy.
Sami is really shy when he starts a new job.
Sami was so nervous.
Sami's manager doesn't seem very nice.
Sami was been hired here.
Sami handed Layla a polo shirts.
Sami said polo shirts are so unattractive.
Sami was getting ready to change into his uniform.
Sami took off his shirt.
Sami accidentally put his shirt in the sink and soaked it.
Sami was more upset.
Sami will never come back.
Sami put on his wet shirt and left.
Sami could ruin Layla's life.
Sami said that was the better job he had ever had.
Sami used to wait tables for six years.
Sami worked at that restaurant for over six months.
Sami worked there for like six years.
James Allison and Tasuku Honjo won the Nobel prize in medicine.
Sami was dating a girl that worked with us.
Sami works at a restraurant.
Sami hated me from the very start.
Sami was livid with me all the time.
Sami ordered an appetizer.
Sami put the plates on the table.
Sami brought the plates to the table.
Sami didn't bring plates to the table.
Sami came out of the kitchen, holding an appetizer.
Sami doesn't know how it works here.
Sami is supposed to bring plates to the table before the food comes out of the kitchen. This is how we do things here.
Sami walked away and went about his night.
Sami ordered another appetizer.
Sami brought the appetizer to the wrong table.
Sami took the appetizer to the wrong table.
Sami was waiting six different tables.
Sami was getting yelled at.
Sami and Layla are in the kitchen.
Sami knows you are coming.
Sami and Layla ran into each other.
Sami talked to another manager.
Sami hated his manager.
Sami ended up working there.
Sami worked in restaurants before.
Sami had his fair share of horrible customers.
Sami moved back here to Cairo.
Sami and Layla worked at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami looked at the front door.
Sami was doing his Christmas shopping.
Sami was fairly young.
Sami wants to come in.
Sami needs to make this quick.
Sami needs to speed this up.
Sami and Layla are in a hurry.
Sami was very rude the entire time.
Sami was not nice at all.
Sami is not nice at all.
Sami wasn't nice at all.
Sami was taking the order.
Sami had no control over that.
Sami was in the middle of something.
Sami took the order from that table.
Sami was taking the order from that table.
Sami brought the food out to us.
Sami brought the food to us.
Sami is eating his food.
Sami was talking to Layla about something.
Sami turned around and it was Layla again.
Sami was so mad that his lip started twitching.
Sami followed Layla back to the table.
Sami heated the food up for Layla.
Sami needs to speak to the manager.
Sami went to get his manager.
Sami talked to Layla for a minute.
Sami took all the food away.
Sami was not happy with them.
Sami was so livid that he wanted a new server.
Sami didn't go back over there.
Sami will be taking care of Layla.
Sami was making such a scene.
Sami was really busy at the restaurant.
Sami ended up leaving.
Sami was on his way out.
Sami bumped past me as he was walking out.
Sami stormed out of the restaurant.
Sami bumped past me as he was storming out of the restaurant.
Sami has already subscribed to this channel.
Sami doesn't even want to talk about that.
Sami could get fired for this.
Sami didn't want to through anyone under the bus.
Sami isn't going to name any names.
Sami started to work at that restaurant.
Sami hasn't worked at a restaurant for years.
Sami knew how things worked there.
Sami was working an extra serving job.
Sami was working a serving job.
Sami met the manager.
Sami's manager didn't seem too much older than him.
Sami's printer is broken.
Sami came back a week later.
Sami was talking to the manager.
Sami wanted Layla to meet the new manager.
Sami is waiting for Layla to come back.
Sami came with me.
Sami was walking in the direction Layla was walking.
Sami sat in the seat.
Sami sat in the booth.
Sami is interviewing me.
Sami wanted to hire Layla.
Sami printed off some papers.
Sami printed out some photos.
Sami's reaction was so awkward.
Sami has already been hired.
Sami is hired.
Sami didn't communicate with his managers.
Sami doesn't have time to go through all of them.
Sami wasn't doing his job.
Sami wouldn't show up.
Sami was really busy a lot of the time.
Sami was a dishwasher.
Sami's restaurant was closing.
Sami has been there over six hours.
Sami was about to lose his mind.
Sami was getting really angry.
Sami was called there.
Sami isn't someone you want to cross when things go wrong.
Sami is about to snap.
Sami was cleaning dishes.
Sami was getting ready to cook the food.
Sami washed hundreds of dishes.
Sami's manager walked away.
Sami just absolutely snapped.
Sami broke hundreds of dollars worth of dishes.
Sami ended up firing Layla.
Sami was suspended from work for a couple of weeks.
Sami was on the verge of having a breakdown.
Sami was incredibly unprofessional.
Sami knows exactly what we are talking about.
Sami has no idea what you are talking about.
Sami didn't confirm anything.
Sami drank a lemonade.
Sami was getting drunk at work.
Sami filled the glass with wine.
Sami drank red wine.
Sami's manager knew about it.
Sami had a cool manager.
Sami was drinking all the lemonade at the restaurant.
Sami used to drink lemonade.
Sami drank most of the wine at the restaurant.
Sami has no idea.
Sami has many more stories to tell about that restaurant.
Sami is really excited about that.
Sami's video isn't sponsored.
Sami's video is not sponsored.
Sami gave us a recap of his experience with that company.
Sami is not sure about how to pronounce that name.
Sami had bad experiences as well.
Sami ordered a t-shirt.
Sami was the same all the time.
Sami got his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami mispronounced Layla's name.
Sami was trying to get better about that.
Sami was super nervous about the test.
Sami is super nervous about tomorrow.
Sami and Layla were in their sixties.
Sami had done a lot of interviews.
Layla didn't want to be pregnant.
Sami was very independent.
Sami worked for a corporation.
Sami was in the oil and gas industry.
Sami had a lot of money.
Sami got very spoilt.
Sami got free lunch once a week.
Sami delivered newspapers every single morning.
Sami was very spoilt at his job.
Sami was very spoilt at that company.
Sami was twice my age.
Layla dated Sami's brother.
Sami was so drunk that his son had to come pick him up from the bar.
Sami was extremely unprofessional.
Sami came to work hungover.
Sami is very immature.
Sami's manager was very unprofessional.
Sami's manager was very immature.
Sami drunk too much the night before.
Sami started liking his job less and less.
Sami didn't want to have Layla as his superior.
Sami tried to move to a different department.
Sami ended up moving to a different department.
Sami hates this manager.
Sami said that he hated that manager and didn't want to be under him.
Sami can't work with Layla because she is unprofessional.
Sami was quite frank with me.
Sami stayed in his position.
Sami is so unreliable and unprofessional.
Sami hates both of you.
Sami backed the decision of the other managers.
Sami is fine with staying in his original position.
Sami felt the same way.
Sami was not happy about it.
Sami tried to talk Layla out of it.
Sami gained a lot of knowledge.
Sami has so much experience.
Sami knows what his work is worth.
Sami tried to work this problem out.
Sami cannot do this anymore.
Sami started having a terrible pain.
Sami's gum is all swollen.
Sami's wisdom teeth are coming out.
Sami quit this job.
Sami's insurance was cancelled.
Sami has never had a cavity in his life.
Sami's wisdom teeth were coming out.
Sami's densist didn't have any appointments available that day.
Sami paid for this out of his pocket.
Sami was running against the clock.
Sami hated his job.
Sami needed to get his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami's office was super far.
Sami had his wisdom teeth extracted.
Sami had his wisdom teeth extracted that day.
Sami got his appointment scheduled.
Sami was really concerned about that.
Sami's dentist is way across town.
Sami has a dentist appointment.
Sami didn't need somebody to drive him.
Sami's insurance benefits ran out.
Sami was on the fifth or sixth floor.
Sami paid fifty or sixty bucks.
Sami paid that.
Sami didn't even want to go to the dentist.
Sami didn't want to go to the dentist.
Sami had all of my info.
Sami waited there for over an hour.
Sami wondered what was taking so long.
Sami was a dental hygenist.
Sami's doctor came in.
Sami said hi to me and my mom.
Sami barely looked at us.
Sami was just supposed to follow Layla.
Sami followed Layla to the back of the room.
Sami didn't even look up at me.
Sami filled out the intake form.
Sami wanted to get his wisdom teeth extracted.
Sami started getting a weird feeling.
Sami wanted his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami literally read my mind.
Sami was telling me this.
Sami doesn't play.
Sami took me down the hall.
Sami took five or six photos.
Sami went up to the receptionist's desk.
Sami's doctor came.
Sami was kind of an asshole.
Sami apologized for the word.
Sami needed to get his wisdom teeth extracted.
Sami didn't want to get his teeth shifted because of his wisdom teeth.
Sami had his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami had a very routine surgery.
Sami was looking at me sideways.
Sami just doesn't have time.
Sami's wisdom teeth hurt him so bad.
Sami was making a decision on his own.
Sami knows you are concerned.
Sami knows you're concerned.
Sami wanted to get his teeth removed.
Sami is there for a reason.
Mennad came with Baya for her doctor appointment.
Sami can't come back.
Sami can't come in.
Sami couldn't come in to see it.
Sami can't come in to see it.
Sami called Layla because he needed her.
Sami was doing that around the kids.
Sami was not even talking to me.
Sami wasn't even talking to me.
Sami has always had an issue with this.
Sami has always been in and out of hospital for surgeries.
Sami listens to me.
Sami hasn't done this for years.
Sami couldn't even look at it.
Sami can't see a needle go into his skin.
Sami started looking away.
Sami gave it a first try.
Sami turned the opposite way.
Sami mentally prepared himself.
Sami felt the needle press up against his skin.
Sami had a needle in his hand.
Sami refused to do this job.
Sami suffered in silence.
Sami has been doing this for years.
Sami ripped needle out of Layla's hand.
Sami uses this to get his blood pressure.
Sami knows what he is doing.
Sami knows what he's doing.
Sami is going to trust Layla.
Sami felt a needle hit his skin.
Sami left the room, frustrated.
Sami was super frustrated.
Sami was annoying Layla.
Sami was trying to tell Layla that.
Sami has a lot more experience than Layla.
Sami did not make it.
Sami didn't make it.
Sami started freaking out of his head.
Sami was on the other side of the wall.
Sami will have to figure out an other way.
Sami was holding Layla's hand really hard.
Sami looked at me in my eyes.
Sami isn't being dramatic.
Sami stuck the needle into his hand.
Sami moved the chair to the right.
Sami is being dramatic.
Sami felt so weird.
Sami wanted to leave immediately.
Sami called his mom back there.
Sami's thoughts started jumbling.
Sami shut his eyes.
Sami is up.
Sami could hear the dentist talking to the receptionist.
Sami's tongue was swollen.
Sami heard Layla say this clear as day.
Sami heard it clear as day.
Sami heard footsteps coming back into his room.
Sami did that real quick.
Sami lifted the blanket.
Sami's hand was swollen.
Sami's fingers were huge.
Sami led Layla's mom into her room.
Sami should be waking up in a few minutes.
Sami was glad everything went well.
Sami heard his mom talking in that room.
Sami heard the entire conversation.
Sami was just pretending.
Sami's mouth was numb.
Sami's mouth was numb and he couldn't talk.
Sami tried to talk but he couldn't.
Sami couldn't understand me.
Sami has his phone in his hand.
Sami was pointing at the phone.
Sami lifted up the blanket.
Sami's hand was ballooned up so big.
Sami's face changed.
Sami put the blanket down.
Sami understood what Layla was trying to say.
Sami started calming down.
Sami was talking to the receptionist.
Sami never told us what happened to his hand.
Sami walked up to the bad and snatched the blanket off.
Sami didn't understand what was going on.
Sami knew exactly what happened in that room.
Sami was under anaesthesia.
Sami's hand is all swollen up.
Sami is completely dehydrated.
Sami surely didn't know about it.
Sami hid his swollen hand from his mom.
Sami was trying to talk.
Sami needs to go right now.
Sami's benefits covered most of the surgery.
Sami's benefits will cover his surgery.
Sami never heard from that man again.
Sami gave Layla's restaurant a bad review.
Sami couldn't find Layla's practise anywhere.
Sami was pregnant with Sami's son.
Sami is pregnant with Sami's daughter.
Sami is going back to the dentist.
Sami went back to the dentist to get the rest of his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami got the rest of his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami was in a committed relationship.
Sami was in a committed relationship and he doesn't date anymore.
Sami laughed at my misfortune.
Sami ditched Layla.
Sami did this because he was drunk.
Sami made six videos about this.
Sami got his revenge on Layla.
Sami is happy for Layla.
Sami and Layla started flirting casually at work.
Sami started dating Layla shortly after that.
Sami and Layla are making out.
Sami and Layla made out at parties.
Sami and Layla wanted to make out.
Sami and Layla stayed in touch with Farid.
Sami has probably experienced stuff like this before.
Sami felt the timing wasn't right.
Sami is single and Layla is in a really serious relationship.
Sami always wanted to know that.
Sami and Layla were always busy.
Layla pretty much cried every day.
Sami had a really horrible breakup.
Layla had a breakup with the guy she was in loved with.
Sami really wanted to see Layla.
Sami was in a different province.
Sami was in a different state.
Sami sent Layla a screenshot of the e-mail.
Sami bought a flight ticket to come and see Layla.
Sami wanted Layla to come to him.
Sami should have bought Layla a plane ticket.
Sami and Layla took initiatives to make this happen.
Sami wanted Layla to come.
Sami wants Layla to come to Egypt.
Sami needed to do this.
Sami could have left that night.
Sami will text you when he can.
Sami was typing a text.
Sami doesn't want you to come.
Sami was too drunk to drive.
Sami was too drunk to do that.
Sami closed his phone.
Sami put everything away.
Sami texted Layla afterwards.
Sami isn't mad at you at all.
Sami read the Facebook post.
Sami is the one who has to do this.
Sami is not a bad guy.
Sami has always been curious about it.
Sami isn't a bad guy.
Sami just laughed at it and walked away.
What time does your plane leave tomorrow?
Sami finished talking to his neighbor.
Sami lives in a crazy neighbor.
Sami was filming a video.
Sami filmed a lot of videos.
Sami lives in a very hot area.
Sami's dog loves to be outside.
Sami has a big hairy dog.
Sami left his dog outside for the rest of the day.
Sami was filming videos.
Sami doesn't live there.
Sami has a fence around his backyard.
Sami saw a head come over the wall.
Sami's dog was not moving.
Sami's dog wasn't listening.
Sami's dog wasn't moving.
Sami's dog was not listening.
Sami was walking closer to the edge.
Sami was walking closer to the wall.
Sami hoisted himself over the wall.
Sami's dog went crazy.
Sami came from the yard.
Sami was directly behind me.
Sami's eyes were so big.
Sami jumped into my yard.
Sami ran back inside.
Sami moved really quickly.
Sami knew who that was.
Sami will call the cops.
Sami is calling the cops on you.
Sami knows what I mean.
Sami was barbecuing in a park.
Sami won't agree with Layla.
Sami called an emergency number.
Sami tried this.
Sami went into his neighbor's backyard.
Sami was just trying to help.
Sami came from the neighbor's yard.
Sami will call you if anything happens.
Sami saw the police officers standing there.
Sami didn't inform Layla.
Sami was just trying to help Layla.
Sami seemed very dishevelled and confused.
Sami hated the day that Layla was born.
Sami apologized profusely.
Sami is busy working inside.
Sami went next door and talked to his neighbors.
Sami was trying to do the right thing.
Sami was just trying to do the right thing.
Sami wished he had never called.
Sami was trying to help them.
Sami was trying to help the cops.
Sami turned on the camera to film that.
Sami turned on the camera again.
Sami is my next door neighbor.
Sami has issues with his dog getting in the neighbor's yard.
Sami felt so stupid.
Sami's dog was ready to kill.
Sami was about to jump.
Sami never made eye contact with Layla.
Sami's mom was dying.
Sami heard gunfire.
Sami wasn't acting crazy.
Sami is probably insane.
Sami doesn't have a dog.
Sami doesn't even have a dog.
Sami had six dogs.
Sami goes to Cairo every month.
Sami already knows this.
Sami's memory cards weren't working.
Sami is going to try it again for you.
Sami's memory cards were not working.
Sami is interested in hearing this.
Sami pronounced the name wrong.
Sami needs to watch this video.
Sami is part of the story.
Sami started to explain everything.
Layla has never been to any high school party.
Layla has never been to a school dance.
Sami and Layla have been together for six months.
Sami was getting ready to graduate.
Sami attended the high school event.
Sami wanted to go to the prom dance.
Sami was a little jealous.
Sami's mom did not like Layla.
Sami knew that Layla was talking to Farid.
Sami and Layla were in the middle of an argument.
Sami is not paying attention in school.
Sami is being crazy.
Sami's mom didn't let him go to the party.
Sami can't go to Layla's prom.
Layla's mom didn't let her go to Sami's prom.
Sami can't go to prom.
Sami's grades have been slipping.
Sami still goes to that shitty school.
Sami made me feel better.
Sami and Layla didn't go to Farid's prom.
Sami and Layla talked about it for a very long time.
Sami didn't want to make Layla miserable.
Sami wanted his daughter to be happy.
Sami needs to trust Layla.
Sami was lying to his mom.
Sami doesn't have a problem.
Sami wanted to go with Layla.
Sami had a curfew.
Sami and Layla were so confused.
Sami and Layla can go.
Sami didn't have that luxury.
Sami went to Layla's prom dinner.
Sami talked to his mom after school.
Sami invited a girl from another school to his prom.
Sami's parents work downtown.
Sami would really love to be there.
Sami bought Layla a prom dress.
Sami met Layla at a Starbucks.
Sami and Layla stopped at a few places.
Sami went on foot.
Sami went to different stores.
Sami went shopping with his stepdad.
Layla couldn't find a dress to wear for the prom.
Sami's boutique is still there.
Sami's boutique is the oldest in town.
Sami's boutique was empty.
Sami's boutique was closed.
Sami's boutique is in a mall.
Sami's prom is tomorrow.
Layla needed a dress.
Layla's dress was not Salima's size.
Sami can wear anything he likes.
Layla wanted a red dress.
Layla wore a blue dress.
Layla wore a cute little dress.
Layla's dress wasn't that expensive.
Layla's dress wasn't too expensive.
Sami found Layla a wonderful dress.
Layla has a dress.
Layla wore a short dress.
Layla had the dress but not the shoes.
Sami goes to the mall almost every day.
Sami decided to give it a try.
Layla tried on the dress and the shoes at the same time.
Layla's dress fit perfect.
Sami wanted Layla to try on the dress and the shoes at the same time.
Layla's shoes were so high.
Sami started to film himself.
Sami is still in the dressing room.
Sami's stepdad is sitting right there.
Sami started to walk.
Sami tried to walk, but he couldn't.
Sami felt so ugly.
Sami played the video in slow motion.
Sami wanted to die of embarrassment.
Sami is one of our employees.
Sami lost his balance and fell.
Sami decided against those shoes.
Sami hates Layla's dress.
Sami never told Layla about that.
Sami drove us there.
Sami drove Layla to the mall.
Sami drove Layla to Farid's boutique.
Sami didn't want Layla out past midnight.
Sami wanted to go with us.
Sami is gonna ride with us.
Sami's brother is gonna ride with us, too.
Sami is going to ride with us.
Sami was super independent.
Sami doesn't have patience.
Sami's brother is going to ride with us, too.
Sami is going by himself.
Sami didn't care but his mom cared.
Sami is going to come with me.
Layla is coming to the prom but she doesn't have a date.
Layla wanted to come to the prom but she didn't have a date.
Sami needed shoes.
Sami needs shoes.
Sami let Layla go to the prom.
Sami isn't on the guest list.
Layla was trying to be cute.
Layla was not sexy.
Layla wasn't trying to be sexy.
Sami was jumping around.
Layla isn't trying to be sexy. She's just trying to be cute.
Sami doesn't have a date.
Sami and Layla have been on and off for six months.
Sami is sick of Layla.
Sami immediately started texting Layla.
Layla found Salima a date for the prom dance.
Sami likes Layla a lot.
Sami is cute.
Sami wanted to know how tall Layla was.
Sami never really paid any attention to Layla's height.
Sami was super tall.
Sami is super tall.
Sami could barely sleep because he was so excited.
Sami has never been to a high school party.
Sami was in his bathroom.
Sami's girlfriend was super tall.
Sami finally got there.
Sami and Layla were so nervous.
Layla was wearing a prom dress.
Sami was in a business suit.
Sami brought Layla a rose.
Sami gave Layla a red rose.
Sami brought Layla a yellow rose.
Sami never met Layla.
Sami will be here at midnight.
Sami promised his mom to come home before midnight.
Sami didn't even go inside Layla's house.
Sami is just taking pictures.
Sami and Layla are taking pictures.
Sami stood next to Layla.
Sami looked cute.
Sami got all excited.
Sami wants to see what Layla looks like.
Sami saw Layla tense up.
Sami looked over at me.
Sami made himself very clear.
Sami was losing his shit.
Sami is much shorter than Layla.
Sami comes from a shitty school.
Sami's school is very different.
Sami didn't remember how tall Layla was.
Sami told Layla he was five, nine.
Sami was lying about his height.
Sami lied about his height.
Sami lied about his age.
Sami doesn't understand me.
Sami is super short.
Sami was super fat.
Sami started a fight.
Sami isn't prepared for this.
Sami is not prepared for this.
Sami is not going to attend prom.
Sami is not going to attend prom with Layla.
Sami isn't going to attend prom with Layla.
Sami will go to prom by himself.
Sami had dinner with all of his friends.
Sami is Layla's date.
Sami was looking at Layla sideways.
Sami didn't use that camera.
Sami has never been in this situation.
Sami doesn't know how to handle this situation.
Sami is still really embarrassed about it.
Sami thanked his friends for their love and support.
Sami wore a regular black suit.
Sami is not taking Layla home.
Sami isn't taking Layla home.
Sami unbuttoned a few buttons of his shirt.
Sami and Layla were already there.
Sami knows Layla's friends.
Sami's date was there.
Sami's date hasn't come yet.
Sami was Layla's high school crush.
Sami was Layla's Egyptian high school crush.
Sami did not like me for obvious reasons.
Sami didn't like me for obvious reasons.
Layla was one of Sami's female friends.
Layla is not looking for drama.
Layla isn't looking for drama.
Sami said hi to everybody.
Sami and Layla are sitting next to each other.
Sami and Layla are having a lot of fun at the party.
Sami is one of them.
Sami is one of us.
Sami didn't even look.
Sami is looking.
Layla didn't want drama.
Sami started to talk all aloud to make sure that Layla was hearing.
Sami didn't even look over there.
Sami was trying to enjoy himself at the party.
Sami heard a girl say that.
Sami just ignored me.
Sami stayed with me this entire time.
Without a thought!
Don't bite your nails!
Of course, go ahead.
Of course, proceed.
Whom did you send the first letter to?
I have never seen a lion in front of my eyes.
I enjoy watching football on TV.
The United States is Canada's evil twin.
Ask him if he wants to go with us.
Sami thought Layla heard him.
Sami obviously didn't hear that.
Sami dated Layla for six months before Salima.
Sami and Layla are no longer together.
Sami and Layla still live together in Cairo.
Sami doesn't even want to be here.
Sami and Farid got into a fight.
Sami needed the money.
Sami paid for his food.
Sami handed the check over to Layla.
Sami passed the bill to me.
Sami opened the envelope.
Sami looked at the cash.
Sami paid half of the bill.
Sami was completely caught off guard.
Layla's date paid for the food.
Sami couldn't stand Layla's sister.
Sami paid for Layla's meal.
I promised him to keep it a secret.
You should really tell him.
Aeroplanes are expensive.
Planes are expensive.
Everyone at the party was named Tom.
How is your name spelt?
How is your name pronounced?
The wind blew and took away everything in the yard.
Make more effort to understand this text.
Sami didn't open it.
Sami passed the check to me.
Sami opened the book.
Sami was drinking some stuff.
Sami paid sixty bucks.
Sami looked at the money.
Sami wanted Layla to pay half of the bill.
Sami paid for my meal.
Sami wanted me to pay half.
Sami paid his own half of the bill.
Sami paid his half of the meal.
Sami paid his own half of the meal.
Sami could not stand Layla's mom.
Sami should pay for Layla's meal because he is her date.
Sami didn't want to embarrass Layla.
Sami isn't paying for the meal.
Sami can't allow that to happen.
Sami doesn't need you paying for his meal.
Sami doesn't need you paying for his food.
Sami turned red.
Sami will pay for the meal.
Sami didn't want me to pay for the food.
Sami didn't want Layla to pay for the meal.
Sami and Layla left the restaurant together.
Sami shouldn't have handed that check to Layla.
Sami was so confused and embarrassed.
Sami embarrassed Layla and that's ridiculous.
Sami was fucking weird.
Sami is weird and I don't like him.
Sami wasn't a good person.
Sami kept embarrassing Layla.
Sami didn't like being treated that way.
Sami and Layla are mu be
Sami started walking towards that building.
Sami's house was on our left.
Sami saw Layla at the restaurant.
Sami left the mall.
Sami came out of the limo.
Sami and Layla weren't doing anything.
Sami still regrets this.
Sami wondered what Layla was doing.
Sami was doing something in the bathroom.
Sami was staring at that girl.
Sami wouldn't stop staring at Layla.
Sami would not take his eyes off Layla.
Sami noticed this.
Sami felt super insecure.
Sami decorated the apartment.
Sami's apartment looked like a nightclub.
Sami's apartment really looked like a club.
Sami's apartment really looks like a nightclub.
Sami took those pictures down.
Sami just continued sitting there, staring at Layla.
Sami wore blue gloves.
Sami wanted to chill here for a minute.
Sami and Layla kept looking at Farid.
Sami and Layla will have a lot of fun.
Sami wasn't wearing those shoes.
Sami and Layla didn't want to dance at the party.
Sami was on the dance floor.
Sami was dancing on the dance floor.
Sami went home before it got too late.
Sami wanted to get home before it got too late.
Sami met Layla outside.
Sami was driving across town.
Sami didn't talk to Layla's mom.
Sami was coming to pick me up.
Sami grabbed the handle and tried to open the door.
Sami never opened the door for Layla.
Sami was being gentlemanly to Layla.
Sami started playing music.
Sami wanted to make sure it wasn't late.
Sami was getting along with his girlfriend.
Sami and Layla started making out in the back seat.
Layla felt Sami's hand on her leg.
Sami showed us his prom picture.
Sami started raising Layla's dress.
Sami got super uncomfortable.
Sami's hand started traveling up Layla's hand.
Sami was kissing Layla.
Sami tried not to freak out.
Sami got very nervous.
Sami got super nervous.
Sami wanted some sort of action.
Layla didn't want to make out with Sami.
Sami didn't want to embarrass Layla in front of her best friend.
Sami doesn't want to embarrass Layla in front of her mom.
Sami is whispering in Layla's ear.
Sami's heart started beating so fast.
Sami's mom called.
Sami used to pass out all the time.
Sami passed out at church.
Sami passed out at school.
Sami saw Layla pass out.
Sami touched Layla in front of her friends.
Sami had nothing else to do.
Sami heard what I said.
Sami stopped kissing Layla.
Sami pretended to be passed out.
Sami said this happened all the time.
Sami passed out in the car.
Sami got to his mom's house.
Sami was super annoyed.
Sami felt so embarrassed.
Sami was very disappointed.
Sami was so excited to see Layla.
Sami feels so defeated.
Sami feels so sad.
Sami felt so humiliated.
Sami feels so humiliated.
Sami was ashamed.
Sami isn't a normal kid.
Sami is not a normal kid.
Sami needs to get over it.
Sami shouldn't do that. He's not ready.
Sami's kisses caused Layla to panick.
Sami and Layla were sucking face in the back seat.
Sami never goes to prom with Layla.
Sami felt he was not ready to do that.
Sami isn't comfortable with that.
Sami doesn't care what everybody else is doing.
Sami doesn't care what everybody else does.
Sami didn't care what Layla wanted him to do.
Sami didn't care what everybody else did.
Sami showed us his prom photo.
Layla was pretty as fuck.
Sami will understand this.
Sami sent us beautiful photos.
Sami bought a cowboy hat.
Sami dressed as a Texas cowboy.
Sami doesn't even know where Layla came from.
Sami needed those videos.
Sami downloaded some videos for Layla.
Sami was in a shitty school.
Sami had a few classes with Layla.
Sami had lunch with us.
Sami met Layla a year later.
Sami was living in that area.
Sami lived there for over a year.
Sami hates Layla's older sister.
Layla was Sami's older sister.
Sami and Layla never chilled and never talked.
Sami was a very troubled teenager.
Sami went through a lot as a teenager.
Sami has been suspended I don't know how many times.
Sami fought all the time.
Sami got into that fight.
Sami grabbed his camera and started filming the fight.
Sami was like a ticking timebomb.
Sami didn't want an issue with Farid.
Sami and Layla have been together since freshman year.
Sami and Layla have been together for almost six years.
Sami will fight you.
Sami can fight you.
Sami was on the basketball team.
Sami was super tall for a high school kid.
Sami played basketball and he was super tall.
Sami was super tall and was on the basketball team.
Sami tried to talk to that girl.
Sami's puppy is gonna need a name.
Sami's puppy is going to need a name.
Sami went home by bus.
Sami's bus came.
Sami and Layla went to the bus stop together.
Sami's bus is so crowded.
Sami sat on the floor, in the aisle of the bus.
Sami lives a block away.
Sami didn't get off the bus.
Sami get off on the second stop.
Sami accidentally missed his stop.
Sami and Layla got off the bus.
Sami has to get off here.
Sami and Layla got off the bus together.
Sami lives in this condo.
Sami's sister is here.
Sami wore a blue jacket.
Sami missed the first stop.
Sami missed his stop and had to get off on the next one.
Sami was looking at Layla's sister.
Sami is staring at Layla's sister.
Sami walked past us.
Sami almost broke his neck.
Sami saw it with his own eyes.
Sami and Layla were seen walking together.
Sami and Layla decided to go to the mall together.
Sami and Layla were just window shopping.
Sami had a store in the mall.
Sami sold hoodies and sweaters.
Sami went down to Layla's store.
Sami wanted this.
Sami saw him.
Sami saw Layla's face.
Sami doesn't need to be in this mess.
Sami kept looking at the hoodies.
Sami was present.
Sami doesn't even go to school.
Sami is a senior.
Sami looked older.
Sami and Layla started making small talk.
Sami and Layla were having small talk.
Sami didn't want to miss the bus.
Sami got so excited.
Sami's original plan went out the window.
Sami started to get annoyed with Layla.
Sami's sister is in high school.
Sami's sister is still in middle school.
Sami put the hoodie on the counter.
Sami would love to know that.
Sami doesn't even have a girlfriend.
Sami beat the shit out of so many boys in high school.
Sami and Layla together are a recipe for disaster.
Sami talked about Layla a lot.
Sami couldn't stop.
Sami would talk about this all the time.
Sami made a good impression on Layla's parents.
Sami doesn't remember whether it was a Friday or a Saturday.
Sami was walking past with all of his friends.
Sami's parents have decided to divorce.
Sami went to the movies.
Sami and Layla decided to go to the movies.
Sami and Layla were at the bus stop.
Sami was just having a lot of fun.
Sami went to the parking lot.
Sami was standing on the curb.
Sami was trying to keep himself calm.
Sami stood in front of Layla.
Sami will have to explain this.
Sami was talking shit about Layla's sister.
Sami wasn't trying to have an issue with Layla.
Layla is my sister's friend.
A bright red ladybird landed on my fingertip.
Sami wasn't even trying to hear me.
Sami was completely confused.
Sami talked to Layla first.
Sami needs to listen carefully.
Sami is not looking at Layla.
Sami is scared of Farid.
Sami fucking lost it.
Sami doesn't have anything to do here.
Sami was punching at Layla.
Sami and Farid were punching each other blindly.
Sami and Farid were fighting.
Sami hit Layla in her ear.
Sami couldn't hear.
Sami punched Layla right in her ear.
Sami stopped next to us.
Sami slowed down and stopped next to us.
Sami called the police on Layla for public disturbance.
Layla's hair was everywhere.
Sami reached into his pocket and pulled out a knife.
Sami was brushing in hair in the car.
Sami's ear was hurting really bad.
Sami had a really bad migraine.
Sami's ear hurt so bad.
Layla went back to school, hoping the drama was over.
Sami saw Layla pass by.
Sami had a scar on his lip.
Sami knew about the fight.
Sami's friends know about the fight.
Sami was cussing at Farid's sister.
Sami fought for Layla.
Sami saw the entire thing.
Sami knows what happened there.
Sami doesn't want this to keep happening.
Sami went home bleeding.
Sami started going to a different school.
Sami started going to another school.
Sami and Farid fought each other.
His jumper is grey.
Grasp it carefully.
Grasp it with caution.
There are three men and two women in this room.
If you give me the apple, Helen, more beautiful than all other women, will be yours.
There is nobody in this room.
I'll help you on one condition.
How big will the house you want to buy be?
I want to buy a house as big as that of my brother.
Tom is very good at maths.
When we were young, we used to go swimming in the river.
Frailty, thy name is woman!
Neither a borrower nor a lender be: For loan oft loses both itself and friend; And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.
Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
"If you get your Baccalaureate, I'll buy you a bike," the father told his son.
I have very small apples in my pocket.
Tom created a new file on his computer.
Tom renamed the file.
Tom created a new shortcut.
Tom bookmarked his favorite website.
People like spring.
He just talks, he don't discern.
This man discerns well.
The Frecciarossa can reach speeds of up to 190mph.
You can't demonstrate anything.
I would like to live a century.
The dolphin jumped out of the water.
He doesn't want to die.
He walks barefooted.
Today, I'm staying at home.
Yesterday, I slept early.
Mary covered her shoulders before entering the church.
The dolphins leapt out of the water.
I won't be extinct.
Tom impressed the empress.
The empress was not impressed.
The emperor was not impressed.
This screen has wide bezels.
This screen has thin bezels.
I was wondering if you could introduce me to Tom.
I was wondering if you could introduce me to Mary.
I was wondering if you could introduce me to your friend.
"How do I look?" "You look perfect."
Tom had a growth spurt.
Tom received fan mail.
The famous actress received fan mail.
Yesterday you promised to do everything.
Yesterday you promised to do everything I asked.
You promised to do that yesterday.
You promised you'd do that yesterday.
Yesterday, you promised you'd do that for me.
They gathered nuts in the forest.
Tom and Mary gathered nuts in the forest.
They whispered among themselves.
The boys whispered among themselves.
The girls whispered among themselves.
The boys gossiped.
The girls gossiped.
How can I prove my innocence?
I didn't know you felt that way.
I didn't know you felt that way about me.
I didn't know you felt that way about Mary.
Tom's hands slipped around her waist.
Tom's hands slipped around Mary's waist.
The Frecciarossa can reach speeds of up to kilometers per hour.
The principal called Tom into his office.
The school principal called Tom into his office.
The principal called Mary into his office.
I thought you would be pleased.
You're not marrying Tom?
Mary felt light-headed.
Tom felt light-headed.
Why are guys so immature?
Tom was surrounded by dolphins.
I appreciate your kind words.
I was a fool. I'm sorry.
Turn your brain off.
Turn your brain off and enjoy the show.
Turn your brain off and enjoy the movie.
May I ask a favour from you?
May I ask a favor from you?
Why are guys so competitive?
Why are guys so insensitive?
Why do guys always have to act so tough and macho?
Why do girls talk all the time?
Why are girls so obsessed with clothes?
Why are girls so cute?
Tom was laughing at her.
Mary was laughing at him.
I get happy as I go to school.
For instance, even if you aren't practicing everyday you could still be studying.
Only ever reading books like you do is bad for your health.
Mountains are dangerous when they are very snowy.
I can't say that's the result I was hoping for.
That's a school.
That's tall.
If you don't wear clothes, you'll catch a cold, you know?
Put the rest of the roses in some water, please!
I accept you.
I guess I'll just do some homework by my lonely self or something...
The person ruling from the shadows was Mary.
Mike's hobby was collecting pictures of underboob.
You know sperm's actually pretty bitter when you think about it. Even the people who like it are going to have limits.
Sorry, but I hate 80s music.
I doubt that you are percent fluent in French.
He lived all his life poor.
She asked for divorce because she's always beaten.
Since her husband doesn't respect her, she asked him for divorce.
Who's this Tom we're speaking about on Tatoeba?
On Tatoeba, you can learn various languages.
This is a glass for drinking water.
This is money I made with my work.
Sami reads medical books.
Porsanger is a trilingual municipality.
Anton Szandor Lavey founded the Church of Satan.
Tom joined the Church of Satan.
Tom entered the Church of Satan.
Tom introduced Mary into the Church of Satan.
Tom and Mary entered the Church of Satan.
Sami went through it.
Sami was childish.
Sami had to deal with this.
Sami needs to quit smoking.
Sami was still best friends with Farid at the time.
Sami was working full time.
Sami was at a shitty school.
Sami hates that school.
Sami started it.
Sami was a freshman in high school at the time.
Sami played basket ball in the second half of the school year.
Sami was also super all.
Sami went to my school.
Sami super sweet.
Sami was sweet.
Sami and Layla rode the same buses.
Sami and Layla have been for months.
Sami and Layla ended up dating.
Sami told me about what was happing in his family.
Sami lives on the second floor.
Sami was trying to sneak out.
Sami kept hearing that tapping on the window.
Sami heard tapping on the window.
Layla snuck out to go talk to Sami.
Sami helped Layla through a lot.
Sami was one of them.
Sami was the leader.
Sami was their leader.
Sami snuck out in the middle of the night to go talk to Layla.
Sami snuck out in the middle of the night to go hang out with Layla.
Sami wasn't doing that.
Sami was not doing that.
Sami didn't believe in our relationship.
Sami didn't tell anybody.
Sami was very laidback.
Sami and Layla butted heads about this.
Sami was not talkative but if you spoke to him, he would talk to you.
Sami is very nice to Layla.
Sami never talked about our relationship.
Sami was so friendly.
Sami noticed that a few times.
Sami looked really friendly.
Sami didn't have anything to talk about.
Sami talked to girls.
Sami wasn't trying to cheat or flirt.
Sami was cheating and flirting.
Sami was flirting and cheating on Layla.
Sami doesn't have issues with girls.
Sami sat on the gym floor.
Sami had to sit in that particular position.
Sami and Layla were in the same row.
Sami was behind that girl.
Sami is a boy that I have never met before.
Layla was a really pretty girl.
Sami felt very insecure about this.
Sami is still very young.
Sami was younger than us.
Sami doesn't really like talking about this.
Sami started forgetting about it.
Sami never communicated with Layla.
Sami and Layla had a fight.
Sami had photography class.
Sami and Farid are fighting.
Sami and Layla were in high school.
Sami was consumed by the argument he had had with Layla that morning.
Sami feels like this is going to last for ever.
Layla was not in love with him.
Layla wasn't in love with him.
Sami needs to really think about it.
Sami was teaching me everything that I needed to learn to be a good photographer.
Sami was a professional.
Sami couldn't even think.
Sami was consumed by what had happened that morning.
Sami was stupid.
Sami decided to leave his class.
Sami asked the teacher for a hall pass.
Sami asked the teacher for a bathroom pass.
Sami would sometimes hang out out there.
Sami can't go out.
Sami missed his photography class.
Sami loves photography class.
Sami wanted to jump off the balcony.
Sami was on the balcony.
Sami went back to the library.
Sami's heart was beating so fast.
Sami saw a cluster of kids standing on the balcony.
Sami was sitting on the floor.
Sami recognized Layla's shoes.
Sami went back to that area.
Sami would die if he doesn't talk to Layla.
Sami saw Layla's feet.
Sami prepared himself.
Sami had a computer on his lap.
Sami was sitting super close to Layla.
Sami was sitting so close to Layla that their thighs were touching.
Sami felt like his heart was breaking.
Sami could see what was happening.
Sami looked at him sideways.
Sami knew that I loved Layla.
Sami is really embarrassed.
Sami embarrassed Layla in front of Salima.
Sami was visibly upset.
Sami was trying to hold back tears.
Sami is sitting next to Layla.
Sami is with that bitch.
Sami can sense that.
Sami was so emotional.
Sami is so upset.
Sami heard footsteps behind him.
Sami heard his name and turned around.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is upset with him.
Sami and Layla argued every day.
Sami makes me feel like I'm crazy.
Sami was sitting right next to that bitch.
Sami could hear Layla's footsteps going down the stairs.
Sami had a feeling.
Sami had an intuition.
Sami wasn't paying attention in class.
Sami was my homie.
Sami found this so ridiculous.
Sami ended up figuring it out.
Sami does this after school.
Sami did something with Layla.
Sami and Layla stayed together for the rest of the school year.
Sami and Layla wanted to stay together for the rest of senior year.
Sami doesn't care about me.
Sami simply doesn't care.
Sami and Layla want to break up.
Sami and Layla were walking down the hallway, walking hands.
Sami and Layla have been talking for six months now.
Sami and Layla were talking about something.
Sami ended up moving to Cairo.
Sami was not in love with Layla.
Sami wasn't in love with Layla.
Sami and Layla were together for a few months then they broke up.
Sami and Layla were in college.
Tidy your room.
Shut your left eye.
Get your tongue out.
Daisy Hamilton was a private detective.
This is the search for Lorna.
Every morning she went to her office to wait for phone calls or open the door to clients needing her services.
She was thirty years old and had been a detective for the past two years.
Daisy wasn't very well known yet but occasionally people telephoned her from the advertisement she had put in the local newspaper.
One morning at about eleven o'clock someone knocked on her office door.
It was a fat lady who wore a fur around her neck.
"Hello, can I help you?" Daisy asked the lady. "Please come and sit down."
Sami and Layla have been together for a few months.
Sami waited for years.
Sami was going to school every day.
Sami has got his own car.
Sami has his own job.
Sami has hiw own car.
Sami hasn't seen Layla for years.
Sami reconnected with Layla.
Sami reconnected with is ex.
Sami knew Layla and Farid.
Sami used to tell his crazy stories to Layla.
Sami and Layla were chilling at the bus stop.
Sami was working on something.
Sami had one of his textbooks open.
Sami heard that voice.
Sami was upset with her.
Sami is an adult now and he is in college.
Sami is an adult now and he's in college.
Sami and Layla are adults now.
Sami remembers Layla's brother.
Sami and Layla were talking and laughing.
Sami walked us to the car.
Sami hugged me.
Sami and Layla usually go home together.
Sami found us.
Sami knows everything.
Sami is my friend now.
Sami was walking down the hallway with Layla.
Sami looked back and when he saw Layla walking down the hallway with Farid, his face fell.
Sami recognized Layla's face.
Sami and Layla were not in a serious relationship.
Sami and Layla weren't in a serious relationship.
Sami remembers you.
Sami reached over and grabbed Layla's hand.
Sami and Layla were back together.
Sami and Layla wanted to stay together.
Sami is doing his own thing.
Sami tried to defuse the situation.
Sami just sat there, staring at Layla.
Sami and Layla changed the subject.
Sami started walking off with Layla.
Sami was pulling Layla by her hand.
Sami took off with Layla.
Sami and Layla are so ridiculous.
Sami didn't change at all.
Sami still acted like he was in high school.
Sami had no idea Layla even went to school.
Sami never sees Layla.
Sami didn't have class that day.
Sami met Layla there.
Sami met Layla in the mall.
Sami and Layla were in a small park area.
Sami was on his way to his class.
Sami heard girls laughing really loud.
Sami looked up and saw a group of girls.
Sami was looking right at me and he was laughing.
Sami wondered who those girls were.
Sami dated many girls in high school.
Sami immediately went into defense mood.
Layla grabbed her purse and stood up.
Sami was taller than me.
Layla was a tall-ass girl.
Sami stopped talking about Layla.
Sami comes every Saturday.
Sami has an issue with Layla.
Sami doesn't have an issue with me.
Sami has an issue with you.
Sami and Layla broke up in sophomore year.
Sami is not going to put up with this again.
Sami isn't going to put up with this again.
Sami was arguing with a girl.
Sami is about to be sixteen.
Sami doesn't care now.
Sami knows messy bitches like Layla.
Sami was pushing it.
Sami is really disrespecting it and I can't put up with this.
Sami and I can do that.
Sami kept telling me that.
Sami doesn't know anything about you.
Sami doesn't give a shit about it.
Sami said my name and everyone turned around.
Layla doesn't care about your boyfriend.
Sami and I are adults now.
Sami is stupid and immature.
Sami told me what he wanted to do.
Sami told Layla what he wanted to do.
Sami ended up walking away.
Sami was at the beach.
Sami was reading a book at the beach.
Sami had an issue with me.
Sami stopped this.
Sami is still mad.
Sami doesn't give a shit but Layla still does.
Sami still gives a shit about this.
Sami is really childish.
Sami was in high school back then.
Sami looked like a child.
Sami acted like a child.
Sami looks and acts like a child.
Sami knows everything about the inner workings of this organization.
Sami was texting me super late at night.
Sami loves Layla's hat.
Sami needs to put a face to this name.
Sami would not be here without you.
Sami was a really good friend of mine.
Sami and Layla have been friends for six years.
Sami liked being single.
Sami enjoyed being single.
Layla was single and she had a child.
Layla was a single mom.
Sami was the finest person to go party with.
Sami has a group of three best friends.
Sami was part of that group.
Sami and Layla's relationship lasted for a little more than a year.
Sami used to hang out with Layla and her friends.
Sami started to hang out more with Layla.
Sami moved to near where Layla and I lived.
Sami started worrying about his friend.
Sami would always hold two jobs at a time;
Sami didn't want to be in a relationship.
Sami is extremely intelligent.
Sami was super smart.
Layla was very guarded.
Sami was so young.
Sami had a daughter.
Sami has to make sacrifices.
Sami stayed focused.
Sami could not go anywhere without Layla.
Layla was very dark.
Sami was very blunt. He had no filter.
Sami graciously thanked Layla for that.
Sami couldn't make up his mind.
Sami did not play the game.
Sami was not good at flirting.
Sami didn't play the game.
Sami was such a good worker.
Sami was so unbelievably excited for Layla.
Sami had two jobs at the time.
Sami was really busy all the time.
Sami and Layla were texting each other every day.
Sami and Layla would check on each other.
Sami has been playing basketball during the summer.
Sami likes playing football.
Sami played flag football.
Layla liked supporting Sami and his team.
Sami has always done this.
Sami had a flag football game on Saturday.
Sami went to Farid's flag football game.
Sami texted me.
Sami has always worried about Layla.
Sami has always wanted Layla to be happy.
Sami and Layla need to go on a date.
Sami was excited for Farid and Layla.
Sami didn't tell me a whole lot about Layla.
Sami knows Layla's cousin.
Sami seemed very normal.
Sami went through Layal's Facebook pictures.
Sami texted me the next day.
Sami was infamous for that shit.
Sami came up with an excuse.
Sami would do that all the time.
Sami said his daughter was sick.
Sami has never seen Layla in a relationship.
Sami invited Layla to come chill.
Sami and Layla were drinking wine.
Sami started getting very close to Layla.
Sami kept talking about Layla.
Sami said that he liked Layla a lot.
Sami started hearing from Layla less and less.
Sami was still working at the bar.
Sami texted Layla really late.
Sami never got a response.
Sami was serving at the bar.
Sami was serving some customers.
Sami put an angry emoji in his message.
Sami was not a chat person.
Sami wasn't a chat person.
Sami was not a Facebook person.
Sami wasn't a Facebook person.
Sami works all night during the weekend.
Sami wouldn't say this.
Sami wasn't concerned with Layla.
Sami was not concerned with Layla.
Sami was in that apartment.
Sami worked in Ontario to make more money.
Sami worked all the time.
Sami didn't even know that.
Sami kept looking at his phone.
Sami got really busy at the bar.
Sami was asking more questions.
Sami was being weird.
Sami decided to take a break.
Sami missed me a lot.
Sami knew that I had a stepson.
Layla was like my older sister.
Sami was there for me when I needed.
Sami said something stupid.
Layla has always made it a point not to have kids until she was married.
Layla has always made it a point not to have kids until she was ready.
Sami wanted Layla to get finish college and get her career started.
Sami was six years younger than Layla.
Sami and Layla are not going to have kids.
Sami wanted Layla to have kids with Farid.
Sami doesn't want to have kids with Layla.
Sami was texting his best friend.
Sami is paraphrasing here.
Sami doesn't remember verbatim what Layla wrote in the text message.
Sami doesn't talk like this.
Sami and Layla don't talk to each other like this.
Sami wondered why Layla would text him.
Sami sent Layla screenshots of Farid's messages.
Sami started texting Layla that night.
Sami texted me back six days later.
Sami had a sick feeling.
Sami would never respond to me.
Sami wanted to meet Layla for lunch.
Sami and Layla were both free for brunch.
Sami used to go to Layla's house.
Sami started asking about that.
Sami didn't get a response.
Layla has a man now.
Sami might be over there.
Sami and Layla didn't talk at all.
Sami and Layla did not talk at all.
Sami's birthday month came around.
Sami has to see Layla.
Sami hit me up a week before his birthday.
Layla was planning a girls' night without her boyfriend.
Sami was acting so weird.
Sami wanted to make sure everything was OK.
Sami was going to drop all of us off.
Sami drove everyone home.
Sami had Layla drop him off at his cousin's house.
Sami was still getting ready.
Sami was done getting ready.
Sami and Layla took a shot together.
Sami wanted to introduce Layla to Farid.
Sami gave his daughter a hug.
Sami was so fucking rude.
Sami heard Layla calling him.
Sami is so ugly.
Sami saw me watching TV.
Sami can't stand it when a man speaks to a woman like that.
Sami needs to apologize for his rude-ass behavior.
Sami was yellin at Layla on her birthday.
Sami was trying to introduce Layla to one of his best friends.
Sami was really cordial.
Sami shook hands with Layla.
Sami doesn't like Layla's boyfriend.
Layla doesn't like Sami's girlfriend.
Sami doesn't want Layla to ruin Farid's birthday.
Sami and Layla were taking shots.
Sami and Layla took pictures on the balcony.
Sami was the DJ.
Sami was playing all the songs that we were requesting.
Sami didn't have any more drinks after eleven.
Sami learned that from Layla.
Sami stopped drinking.
Sami had a terrible hangover.
Sami was super dehydrated.
Sami didn't seem to have a moment to talk to Layla.
Sami rode with us there.
Sami was the only person that was dropped off there.
Sami got into the SUV.
Sami got into Layla's SUV.
Sami was pretty much disappearing.
Sami doesn't know if he is going to see his friend again.
Sami isn't exaggerating.
Sami read the text messages.
Sami checked his text messages.
Sami couldn't get over it.
Sami can't stop thinking about that.
Sami showed Layla his phone.
Sami placed his elbow there.
Sami grabbed Layla's phone and started going through her text messages.
Sami was reading a text message while he was driving.
Sami is trying to tell me the truth.
Sami sent those messages to Layla.
Sami started going at Layla.
Layla would cry when she was angry.
Sami and Layla started fighting in the car.
Sami and Layla were arguing in the car.
Sami texted Layla's friend.
Sami needs to know the truth.
Sami thought he was being funny.
Sami and Layla were going at each other.
Sami was looking at me like he wanted to kill me.
Sami was looking at me through the rear view mirror.
Sami didn't even know me.
Sami hadn't even met me yet at the time.
Sami could still hear Layla and Farid arguing.
Sami could still hear Layla and Farid fighting.
Sami kept Layla in the dark.
Sami would never keep Layla in the dark.
Sami is not that kind of friend.
Sami isn't that kind of friend.
Sami told her what happend.
Sami texted Layla that morning.
Sami texted Layla that night.
Sami was giving Layla the silent treatment.
Sami was running errands for Layla.
Sami wanted to talk to Layla about those text messages.
Sami was driving when Layla called him.
Sami found Layla's call and he palled over to call her back.
Sami deleted the messages.
Sami expected me to believe this.
Sami didn't recognize any of those text messages.
Sami texted Layla more than once.
Sami started using strange emojis.
Sami deleted the entire conversation.
Sami was offended.
Sami will pretend like this didn't happen.
Sami wanted to know that story.
Mennad came over to my house on the weekend.
Sami is coming over tonight.
Sami is gonna be here.
Sami is going to be here.
Sami started fighting with Layla.
Sami apologized to Layla for accusing her of stealing his watch.
Sami doesn't have anything to apologize for.
Sami doesn't have shit to apologize for.
Sami apologized to Farid's girlfriend.
Sami apologized over something he didn't do.
Sami shouldn't apologize to Layla over something he didn't do.
Sami cannot believe that Layla did this.
Sami insulted Layla's intelligence with that story.
Sami came to Layla to face her in person.
Sami apologized to Layla's boyfriend.
Sami was so heartbroken.
Sami doesn't need to apologize to Layla.
Sami doesn't need to come over.
Sami's friendship with Farid is worth more than his relationship with this bitch.
Sami knows that his friendship with Farid is worth more than his relationship with that bitch.
Sami sent me that shit off of Layla's phone.
Sami and Layla both knew it.
Sami will never go over there and apologize to Layla.
Sami isn't expecting Layla to believe this.
Sami is working on hisn second YouTube channel.
Sami created a second YouTube channel.
Sami's room is super echoing.
Sami has a lot of fans.
Sami wants to try it.
Sami wanted to try it.
Sami wants to have some fun.
Sami wondered why Layla was saying this.
Sami was going to name this video "Layla."
Sami thinks that might work.
Sami is getting ready.
Sami didn't want Layla to do this.
Mennad does this type of shit with his friends.
Sami didn't stop filming.
Sami didn't have school that day.
Sami and Layla didn't know that.
Sami was hanging out with the neighborhood kids.
Sami was older than all of his friends.
Sami and Farid were like best friends at the moment.
Sami didn't have a problem with Layla.
Layla was talking to multiple dudes at the same time.
Sami came over after school.
Sami went over Layla's house.
Sami has to leave the room.
Sami listed to Layla with all her drama.
Sami and Layla were chilling at his house.
Sami knew Layla's mom.
Sami did this during the school year.
Sami and Layla were spending a lot of time together.
Sami started noticing some changes in Layla.
Layla wore a ton of makeup.
Layla was getting in Salima's head.
Layla was wearing makeup.
Layla texted her boyfriend on the phone.
Sami is a women chaser.
Layla's boyfriend came over.
Sami and Layla hung out for the rest of the day.
Is your father at home?
Sami started hanging out with Layla a lot.
Sami started noticing that Layla was getting up pretty early in the morning.
Sami had a friend to hang out with.
Sami wanted to hang out with Layla.
Sami came over on Saturday.
Sami got up early in the morning.
Sami let Layla and Farid in.
Sami and Layla have been talking about this for a good two hours.
Layla and her man would fight a lot.
Sami and Layla started talking about that.
Sami just wanted to forget about it.
Sami just wanted to forget about Layla.
Sami and Layla wanted to go to the mall.
Sami rode the city bus.
Sami started getting ready.
Sami has taken off and gone home.
Sami has brought his friends.
Sami and Layla were having so much fun.
Sami was wearing a stupid uniform.
Sami got free food.
Layla was talking to that dude.
Sami stayed there for a long time.
Sami wanted to go to the movies but he didn't have money.
Sami and Layla were sitting next to each other, doing their own thing.
Sami wondered why Layla cared about that.
Sami was asking Layla about her little sister.
Sami's brother had a crush on Layla.
Sami's co-worker had a crush on Layla's sister.
Sami went to my sister's school.
Sami never caught Layla cheating.
Sami never caught Layla cheating on him.
Layla is one of your sister's best friends.
Sami and Layla fought for some reason.
Sami dated Layla's sister.
Sami asked Layla if she knew Farid.
Sami knew who Layla was.
Layla was giving BJ's to the dudes of the football team in the locker room.
Sami wants to talk to his sister tonight.
Sami and Layla were making fun of Farid.
Sami's school and Layla's school were so close to each other.
Layla has been giving blow jobs to the dudes of the football team in the locker room.
Sami got a lot more upset.
Sami didn't know how to handle it.
Sami cared a lot about what other people thought about him.
Sami got that reputation.
Sami didn't want Layla to hang out with that girl.
Sami started talking shit.
Sami was kidding around about Layla's sister.
Sami didn't want to upset Layla.
Sami needs to go now.
Sami needs to go talk to Layla.
Sami didn't like people making fun of Layla.
Sami's bus wasn't coming for another fifteen minutes.
Sami started disrespecting Layla.
Sami didn't want Layla to be associated with that.
Sami said it was just speculation.
Sami was hanging out with that girl.
Sami and Layla didn't get along all the time.
Sami genuinely loved Layla.
Sami can't change people.
Sami really needed to stop.
Sami loved Layla's sister.
Sami had a soft spot for Layla.
Sami's bus arrived.
Sami's bus was full.
Sami and Layla were still talking about that.
Sami can do whatever he wants to do.
Sami can't control Layla.
Sami sat right in front of us.
Sami sat right in front of an old couple.
Sami kept staring at that old couple.
Sami decided to get off on the second stop.
Sami passed the first stop and got off on the second one.
Sami was walking on the sidewalk.
Sami recognized one of the girls as Layla.
Sami dressed exactly the same way as his friend.
Sami got off on the next stop.
Sami asked the bus driver to stop.
Sami let Layla off the bus.
Sami hopped off the bus.
Sami jumped off the bus.
Sami knew exactly why Layla was so mad.
Sami pretended like she didn't hear me.
Sami was running after Layla.
We're out of sweets.
Sami rolled down his window.
Sami was talking to my little sister.
Sami started running faster.
Sami finally looked at me.
Sami is going to need that.
Sami is gonna need that.
Sami and Layla both started laughing at me.
Sami stood shocked.
Sami decided to put on a temporary tattoo on his right shoulder.
Sami came over to my house.
Sami was tired of Layla talking bad about him.
Sami walked away with Layla.
Sami and Layla were in this shit together.
Sami thinks Layla is the problem.
Sami dressed ridiculously.
Sami just wanted to know what it felt like.
Sami has never had a moment like that.
Sami isn't really proud of this.
Sami is not subscribed to my YouTube channel.
Sami isn't subscribed to my YouTube channel.
Sami was really excited to tell this story.
Layla is a makeup artist.
Sami never saw Layla's beautiful face.
Sami never drinks alcohol.
Sami is growing up.
Sami has no clue about Layla's past.
Sami watched those videos.
Sami doesn't know what time of Layla's life she is talking about.
Sami doesn't know what time of Layla's life she's talking about.
Layla jumped a girl.
Sami has been preaching for years that this isn't the right thing to do.
Sami listened to the end.
Sami listened to the recording to the end.
Sami's school was the worst school that I have ever attended in my life.
Sami went to a lot of school.
Sami's school was the worst I have ever set my foot in.
Sami doesn't go to that school.
Sami was my main issue.
Sami transferred over to that school.
Sami transferred over to that school in the middle of the year.
Sami didn't know that school.
Sami sat back and observed.
Sami saw Layla every day in his classes.
Sami has been going to that school for six months.
Sami knew people at that school.
Layla was a popular girl at high school.
Sami had natural green eyes.
Layla had beautiful curly hair.
Sami doesn't like friends like that.
Sami never really said anything to Layla.
Sami was in most of my classes.
Layla was the new girl.
Layla was the new girl in class.
Sami didn't want to give me a chance.
Sami was super disrespectful.
Layla seemed to be more popular than Salima in that high school.
Sami got a special interest in Layla.
Sami knew deep down that Layla did not like him.
Sami knew deep down that Layla didn't like him.
Sami tried to embarrass Layla in front of the whole class.
Layla's hair wasn't natural.
Sami started a problem with Layla.
Sami started sitting by Layla.
Sami doesn't like anybody in this school.
Sami didn't let Layla into his personal life.
Sami and Layla didn't like each other.
Sami was making his own friends outside Layla's clique.
Sami would argue a lot.
Sami always had something to say.
Sami figured out Layla's tactic.
Sami wants to get attention.
Sami's teacher was notified.
Layla had an issue with that girl.
Sami did not play.
Sami was packing his backpack.
Sami was at his locker.
Sami didn't want to be part of anything.
Sami came around the corner, screaming.
Sami stopped and started yelling.
Sami didn't want to fight.
Sami didn't even know what was going on.
Sami was cussing Layla.
Sami had his own combination lock.
Sami hit Layla with a hammer in the face.
Sami stepped forward.
Sami can come to talk to me face to face.
Sami started losing his shit.
Sami started to back away.
Sami brought all of his friends to try to intimidate Farid.
Sami thought Layla was losing her mind.
Sami loves those photos so much.
Sami had most of Layla's classes.
Sami and Layla were watching a movie.
Sami heard the word "movie."
Sami sat on my left.
Sami's desk looks like an "L."
Sami has a desk like that.
Sami put his backpack on his left.
Sami sat around Layla.
Sami watched the entire movie.
Sami finished his assignment.
Sami looked over and didn't see Layla.
Sami grabbed his backpack and headed to the cafeteria.
Sami and Farid were still best friends.
Sami couldn't leave school.
Sami's sixth period is gym.
Sami was waiting for her.
Sami's locker was next to mine.
Sami was waiting for Layla to get off class.
Sami was rummaging through his backpack.
Sami was throwing shit out of his locker.
Sami's iPhone disappeared.
Sami listens to music every single chance he got.
Sami lost his iPod.
Sami can't find his iPod.
Sami lived by me at the time.
Sami was so desperate to find his iPod.
Sami's iPod was not there.
Sami's iPod wasn't there.
Sami was frantic.
Sami's teacher was sitting at his desk by himself.
Sami doesn't need any help.
Sami has a blue iPod.
Sami put his iPod in his pocket.
Sami's iPod is gone.
Sami put his iPod in his backpack.
Sami will get a warning.
Sami was wandering the halls without a pass.
Sami stole Layla's iPod and sold it to Farid.
Sami was a really good friend.
Sami started talking to Layla's friend.
Sami doesn't know where his iPod is.
Sami was sitting there this whole time.
Sami doesn't even know what color Layla's iPod is.
Sami has a brand new iPod.
Sami had an iPod.
Sami doesn't know who stole his iPod.
Sami has the same iPod as Layla.
Sami's backpack was on the floor.
Sami had a red iPod.
Sami went to the principal.
Sami is not in the cafeteria.
Sami isn't in the cafeteria.
Sami stole this iPod from Layla.
Sami couldn't believe that that was happening.
Sami thought about that for too long.
Sami got more and more angry.
Sami stole from me.
Sami stole from Layla.
Sami stole my iPod.
Sami was on a mission to find Layla.
Sami was at lunch with Layla.
Sami didn't say anything to them.
Sami stole Layla's iPod.
Sami was coming for you.
Sami's iPod was stolen.
Layla was tired of drama.
Layla was tired of high school drama.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's iPod.
Sami was in the locker room.
Sami was changing in the locker room.
Sami heard a locker shut.
Sami was in the gym locker room.
Sami was standing at the mirror.
Sami hid the stolen iPod in his locker.
Undoubtedly.
Sami didn't deny anything.
Sami was completely silent.
Sami kept yelling for a good solid minute.
Sami walked up to me and started yelling in my ear.
Sami isn't coming out of the stall. He's taking a massive dump.
If your baby coughs, take him to the doctor.
Sami was pulling shit out of Layla's backpack and throwing it all across the room.
Sami found his iPod in Layla's backpack.
Sami wanted his iPod back.
Sami had an expensive iPod.
Sami bought an iPod for Layla.
These grapes are delicious.
Sami's hands were all red.
Sami made it to class on time.
Sami got his iPod back.
Sami tried to steal Layla's iPod.
Sami reported Layla to the principal for stealing his iPod.
Sami was very little.
Sami was five foot.
This orange is sour.
Sami was the greatest friend I have ever had in high school.
Sami's teacher made him have a seat next to Layla.
Sami was marked present in sixth period class.
Sami and Layla were in separate classes.
Sami tried to jump a girl in school.
Her skin is harsh.
Sami and Layla left the office together.
Sami and Layla left the principal's office together.
Sami found his iPod in Layla's car.
This room is large.
Sami had gym class.
Sami tried to fight with me about that.
Sami wouldn't let Layla talk to him like that.
His house is clean.
Sami lost his iPod again.
Sami left his iPod in Layla's room.
Sami broke Layla's iPod.
Sami was accused of trying to jump a girl in school.
Sami was always so anxious.
It will cost you a dear.
Her hair is smooth.
This woman's hair is smooth.
He is drunk, that's why he staggers.
He climbed up a tree.
If there is an earthquake, stand on the threshold of your room.
Can you lend me some money? ... Of course, friend.
Tom is so lazy that he can not even serve water for himself.
Eat less to become slim.
One fresh beer, please!
Get out of my room, son of a bitch!
Sami is used to hearing that.
Sami hated his stepdad.
Sami is Layla's ex-stepdad.
Sami is on Instagram.
Sami showed Layla so much love and support.
Sami thanked Layla for her patience and support.
Sami told us a very juicy story about Layla and Farid's relationship.
Sami actually cares about that.
Sami lived with his stepsister.
Sami didn't know why Layla react like that.
Sami answered some of my questions.
Sami has to talk to his mom.
Sami should keep that in mind.
Sami needs to get out of there.
Sami didn't understand why Layla was so nervous.
Layla has been a single mother for years for me and my brother.
Sami had a great weekend.
Sami met Layla and her father when he was sixteen years old.
Layla was single for a lot of years.
Sami was single for years and years and years.
Sami was very focused on his kids and career.
Sami was focused on his career.
Sami has never seen his mom.
Sami has never seen that part of his mom.
Sami wanted to see his mom happy.
Sami should give his puppy a permanent name.
Sami and Layla each had two daughters.
Sami met Layla's daughter.
Sami wanted Layla to meet his daughter.
Layla found her Prince Charming.
Sami was tired of seeing Layla like that.
Layla was tired of seeing Salima heartbroken.
Sami had a full-time job.
Sami really wanted something or someone to make him happy.
Sami seemed like the perfect guy.
Sami flew under my radar.
Sami could make Layla laugh.
Sami made Layla forget her pain.
Sami seemed like a good dad.
Sami raised a daughter by himself.
Sami was a godly man.
Sami wore a uniform.
Sami had respect for Layla.
Sami made such a big decision so fast.
Sami wondered why Layla made such a big decision so fast.
Sami made friends in this school.
Layla found the man she was looking for.
Sami never talked to anybody else.
Sami was my dad.
Sami doesn't know my dad.
Sami is not my dad.
Sami doesn't care who Layla is.
Sami isn't my dad.
Sami didn't have a parent for so many years.
Layla didn't trust men.
Sami doesn't really care about getting close to his stepfather.
Sami doesn't need a father.
Sami wants to make Layla happy.
Layla wanted to find a father figure to her daughter.
Sami knew where Layla came from.
Sami started getting really close to Layla.
Sami didn't want to share his mom with any other mom. In fact, never wanted her to remarry.
Layla was my mother.
Sami had a mom.
Sami was never close to his mother.
Sami was never close to his mom.
Sami had a mother.
Sami didn't want his mom to be someone else's mom, too.
Sami never disrespected his stepfather.
Sami wanted to make his mother happy.
Sami wanted to make his mom happy.
Layla is a whore.
Layla is afraid of rats.
Sami doesn't like dogs.
Serve some juice to Tom.
I don't need a father like you.
Tom is the head scientist.
Tom is the head researcher.
Tom is the lead researcher.
Tom is the principal investigator.
Tom is the head of the laboratory.
Tom is the head of the research group.
Tom received a grant from the National Science Foundation.
This research was made possible by a grant from the National Science Foundation.
This project was made possible by a grant from the National Science Foundation.
Tom is one of Mary's research assistants.
Tom was awarded a research grant by the National Science Foundation.
Mary is seething with rage she feels unable to express.
Starvation does not give food.
Starvation feeds nobody.
Where can I check in my luggage?
I could stand to lose a few pounds.
I stayed there for four weeks.
I don't want you to feel pressured.
Feel free to say no.
Language is contextual.
No one knew that except Tom.
Nobody knew that except Tom.
Nobody knew that but Tom.
Tom was the only one who knew that.
Tom was the only one who didn't know that.
I'll be right back with more coffee.
They seem to speak in different languages randomly.
I forget the spelling.
You need to stop hoarding animals.
His name is Junior.
This muscular, German tourist is the shit. He has four huge shots of whiskey lined up to finish after dinner.
The wiener dog got loose.
Sami likes wild strawberries.
Sami likes garden strawberries.
He got up early in order not to miss the train.
Her baby was ill, so she did not sleep all the night.
How can I switch on this tablet?
Who do you think you are so as you speak to me that way?
Sami wasn't ready for that.
Sami isn't ready for that.
Sami called his stepdad "Dad."
Sami didn't want to call his stepfather "Dad."
Sami took offense to it.
Sami has never called anybody "Dad."
Sami doesn't feel like he can call his stepdad "Dad."
Sami called Farid "Dad."
Sami didn't have bad feelings towards his stepdad.
Sami's mother was always very strict.
Sami's mom was always very organized.
Sami was more understanding.
Sami was a little bit more understanding about that.
Layla is a teenage girl.
Layla as already acting like she was eighteen.
Layla talks to boys in school.
Sami went through his daughter's room and things.
Sami didn't want Layla to feel any different.
Sami has been doing this since he went to high school.
Layla was going through her teenage years.
Sami and Layla started bumping heads.
Sami called my mom "Mom."
Sami made Layla feel good.
Sami didn't want to get caught.
Sami started realizing that Layla was dating a drug addict.
Sami knows this situation.
Sami's stepdad didn't want to be too invasive.
Layla is your mother.
Sami is going to love and treat Layla like his own daughter.
Sami taught Layla a lot of things.
Sami is there for Layla.
Sami talked to Layla for hours.
Sami was blowing smoke at Layla's ass.
Sami was working overtime.
Sami doesn't have to do that anymore.
Sami needed a mother for his daughter.
Sami did an amazing job with Layla.
Sami wants this to work.
Sami's mom was a hard mom on him.
Sami caught Layla with boys.
Sami found notes from boys inside Layla's backpack.
Sami was pretty receptive.
Sami disciplined Layla.
Sami started taking Layla for therapy.
Sami knew that Layla was going through a lot.
Sami got the help of the church.
Sami was supported by his church.
Sami and Layla went to family counciling.
Sami's mom punished him.
Sami's mom didn't allow him to do this.
Sami had a lot more respect for Layla than Farid did.
Sami told Layla to stop that.
Sami didn't want to get in trouble.
Sami has a gay friend.
Sami was gay.
Sami rides my bus.
Sami met Layla's gay friend.
Sami knows that Farid is gay.
Sami kept messing up.
Sami tried to get me in trouble.
Sami doesn't know who is lying.
Sami's problems started affecting Layla as well.
Sami never called Layla late at night.
Sami used to call Layla late at night.
Sami started hiding things from Layla.
Sami had to start hiding things from Layla.
Sami got in trouble for that.
Sami was Layla's school boyfriend.
Sami doesn't care about this nasty shit.
Sami and Layla were having a very innocent date.
Sami tried to make it seem very terirble.
Sami was afraid to move.
Sami was testing Layla's patience.
Sami kept a close eye on Layla.
Sami wanted to hurt himself.
Sami started getting really tired of it.
Sami got tired of repeating himself.
Sami got tired of parenting.
Sami is going to do it anyways.
Sami is not a quitter.
Sami doesn't care if Layla is listening or not.
Sami and Layla would fight about how to handle their son, Farid.
Sami doesn't time for this.
Sami wanted to enjoy his life.
Sami and Layla had different mindsets about how to handle that situation.
Sami was extremely emotionally abusive towards Layla.
Sami got in Layla's face and started yelling at her.
Sami was abusing Layla and calling her every name in the book.
Sami heard Layla and Farid fight all day.
Sami and Layla are going to fight.
Sami was suppressing his feelings.
Sami snapped at her.
Sami was tired of being treated like that.
Layla's mom was her best friend.
Sami felt he was ready for that.
Sami was honest with Layla and told her no.
Layla is a woman and she knows.
Layla is a woman.
Sami chose to do that.
Sami would protect his mom to the ends of the earth.
Sami went through hell to make Layla safe.
Sami had to make that decision.
Sami has seen his mom suffer and struggle.
Sami and Layla would fight every day.
Layla is not Sami's mother.
Sami beat Layla every day.
Layla is not your mother.
Layla is not your mom.
Sami finally told Layla the truth.
Sami would be really mean.
Sami forgot who he was and what he was worth.
Sami was trying to find happiness.
Sami came into Layla's life and made her forget who she was.
Sami doesn't want to be the next person.
Sami hurt Layal's feelings.
Sami seemed really genuine.
Sami believes in second chances but he doesn't believe in umpteenth chances.
Sami would always put Layla down.
Sami doesn't talk about her.
Sami never talks about his mom.
Sami doesn't know who his father is.
Sami is gonna be abused.
Sami is going to be abused.
