I don't think that Tom wanted to talk about that.
I don't think that Tom understands that.
I don't think Tom understands me.
I don't think that Tom understands me.
I don't think Tom understands French.
I don't think that Tom understands French.
I don't think that Tom told Mary the truth about what happened.
I don't think that Tom sees it that way.
I don't think that Tom said that.
I don't think Tom remembers what happened.
I don't think that Tom remembers what happened.
I don't think Tom really said that.
I don't think that Tom really said that.
I don't think that Tom really liked that.
I don't think Tom realizes how rude he's being.
I don't think Tom needs to be here.
I don't think that Tom needs to be here.
I don't think that Tom needed to hear that.
I don't think that Tom needed to be here.
I don't think Tom made a wise decision.
I don't think Tom looks like his brother.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary went to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary went to Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary likes living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary likes living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary left Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary left Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to swim.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to swim.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like John.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like John.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows why I went to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I went to Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I like living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I like living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I left Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I left Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like to swim.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like to swim.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like Mary.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like him.
I don't think Tom knows who to give that to.
I don't think that Tom knows who to give that to.
I don't think Tom knows who stole his bicycle.
I don't think that Tom knows who stole his bicycle.
I don't think that Tom knows who painted that picture.
I don't think Tom knows who owns his apartment building.
I don't think that Tom knows who owns his apartment building.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary's boyfriend is.
I don't think Tom knows who broke the window.
I don't think that Tom knows who broke the window.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary works.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary went to school.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went to school.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary went to college.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went to college.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary was born.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary was born.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wanted to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wanted to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary lives.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary learned French.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary learned French.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary is going to school.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is going to school.
I don't think Tom knows where I went to college.
I don't think that Tom knows where I went to college.
I don't think Tom knows where I was born.
I don't think that Tom knows where I was born.
I don't think Tom knows where I wanted to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where I wanted to go.
I don't think Tom knows where I want to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where I want to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where I live.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary's birthday is.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary's birthday is.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will be there.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will be there.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary was in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary was in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when it happened.
I don't think that Tom knows what's going to happen.
I don't think that Tom knows what's been happening here.
I don't think that Tom knows what'll happen.
I don't think Tom knows what to say.
I don't think that Tom knows what to say.
I don't think that Tom knows what to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what to do about that.
I don't think Tom knows what to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what to buy.
I don't think Tom knows what time the party is going to start.
I don't think that Tom knows what time the party is going to start.
I don't think Tom knows what time the meeting will start.
I don't think that Tom knows what time the meeting will start.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary's train will be arriving.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary's train will be arriving.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary woke up this morning.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary woke up this morning.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary wants him to meet her.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary wants him to meet her.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary is planning to leave.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary is planning to leave.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary is going to arrive at the station.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary is going to arrive at the station.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary got home last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary got home last night.
I don't think Tom knows what time I'm planning to leave.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I'm planning to leave.
I don't think Tom knows what time I'm going to arrive at the station.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I'm going to arrive at the station.
I don't think Tom knows what time I woke up this morning.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I woke up this morning.
I don't think Tom knows what time I want him to meet me.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I want him to meet me.
I don't think Tom knows what time I got home last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I got home last night.
I don't think Tom knows what needs to be done.
I don't think that Tom knows what needs to be done.
I don't think Tom knows what my opinion is.
I don't think that Tom knows what my opinion is.
I don't think Tom knows what my blood type is.
I don't think that Tom knows what my blood type is.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary's opinion is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's opinion is.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary's favorite flower is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's favorite flower is.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary's blood type is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's blood type is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to say.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary told John.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary told John.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary said to John.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary said to John.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is making for dinner.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is making for dinner.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary does for a living.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary did.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary did last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary did last night.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary bought yesterday.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary bought yesterday.
I don't think Tom knows what kind of shoes he should buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of shoes he should buy.
I don't think Tom knows what kind of music Mary likes.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of music Mary likes.
I don't think Tom knows what kind of car Mary drives.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of car Mary drives.
I don't think Tom knows what I'm making for dinner.
I don't think that Tom knows what I'm making for dinner.
I don't think Tom knows what I want him to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want him to do.
I don't think Tom knows what I told Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what I told Mary.
I don't think Tom knows what I said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what I said to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows what I do for a living.
I don't think that Tom knows what I do for a living.
I don't think Tom knows what I did last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what I did last night.
I don't think Tom knows what I bought yesterday.
I don't think that Tom knows what I bought yesterday.
I don't think Tom knows what he should do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he should do.
I don't think Tom knows what he should be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what he should be doing.
I don't think Tom knows what he ought to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he ought to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he has to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what happened.
I don't think that Tom knows what happened to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is already married.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm not single anymore.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm married.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm already married.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows much about that.
I don't think Tom knows much about me.
I don't think that Tom knows much about me.
I don't think that Tom knows much about Boston.
I don't think Tom knows much about Austrlia.
I don't think that Tom knows much about Austrlia.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is already married.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows I'm not single anymore.
I don't think Tom knows I'm married.
I don't think Tom knows I'm in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows I'm already married.
I don't think Tom knows I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows I used to be married.
I don't think Tom knows I used to be married to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows I that used to be married.
I don't think Tom knows I that used to be married to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows how to speak French.
I don't think that Tom knows how to cook very well.
I don't think Tom knows how much time that's going to take.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time that's going to take.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time he'll need to get that done.
I don't think Tom knows how much that's going to cost.
I don't think that Tom knows how much that's going to cost.
I don't think Tom knows how much money he has in the bank.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money he has in the bank.
I don't think Tom knows how much milk Mary drinks every day.
I don't think that Tom knows how much milk Mary drinks every day.
I don't think Tom knows how much he drank last night.
I don't think that Tom knows how much he drank last night.
I don't think Tom knows how much coffee Mary drinks every day.
I don't think that Tom knows how much coffee Mary drinks every day.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary feels about that.
I don't think Tom knows how many loaves of bread he is supposed to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows how many loaves of bread he is supposed to buy.
I don't think Tom knows how many eggs his mother wants him to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows how many eggs his mother wants him to buy.
I don't think Tom knows how many cats Mary has.
I don't think that Tom knows how many cats Mary has.
I don't think that Tom knows French.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how that happened.
I don't think Tom is sincere.
I don't think that Tom is sincere.
I don't think Tom is Mary's son.
I don't think that Tom is honest.
I don't think Tom is having fun.
I don't think Tom is a plumber.
I don't think that Tom has any idea why that happened.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what happened.
I don't think that Tom expected that to happen.
I don't think Tom did what you think that he did.
I don't think that Tom did what you think that he did.
I don't think Tom did what you think he did.
I don't think that Tom did what you think he did.
I don't think Tom did what you said he did.
I don't think that Tom did what you said he did.
I don't think that Tom did what Mary said he did.
I don't think Tom did his homework by himself.
I don't think Tom ate all the bananas.
I don't think this is a good time to do this.
I don't think this car was made in Germany.
I don't think there's enough room in the canoe for all three of us.
I don't think there's anything left to fix.
I don't think the Giants will be the champions this year.
I don't think that that's yours.
I don't think that that's wise.
I don't think that that's why Tom left.
I don't think that that's why Tom isn't here.
I don't think that that's what's causing the problem.
I don't think that that's what you wanted to do.
I don't think that that's what you should be doing.
I don't think that that's what you intended.
I don't think that that's what you intended to do.
I don't think that that's what we should be doing.
I don't think that that's what Tom said.
I don't think that that's what Tom meant.
I don't think that that's what Tom meant at all.
I don't think that's what people really think that.
I don't think that that's what people really think that.
I don't think that that's what I need.
I don't think that that's very likely to happen.
I don't think that that's very funny.
I don't think that that's true at all.
I don't think that that's Tom's.
I don't think that that's the whole story.
I don't think that that's the way it works.
I don't think that that's the solution.
I don't think that that's the right call.
I don't think that that's the problem.
I don't think that that's the point.
I don't think that that's the plan.
I don't think that that's the case.
I don't think that that's the answer.
I don't think that that's such a good idea.
I don't think that that's such a big problem.
I don't think that that's such a big deal.
I don't think that that's strange.
I don't think that that's right.
I don't think that that's realistic.
I don't think that that's quite true.
I don't think that that's quite right.
I don't think that that's possible.
I don't think that that's necessary yet.
I don't think that that's mine.
I don't think that that's likely to happen.
I don't think that that's legal.
I don't think that that's helping.
I don't think that that's going to work.
I don't think that that's going to stop Tom.
I don't think that that's going to happen today.
I don't think that that's going to happen soon.
I don't think that that's going to ever happen.
I don't think that that's funny.
I don't think that that's funny at all.
I don't think that that's fair at all.
I don't think that that's exactly what Tom agreed to do.
I don't think that that's even possible.
I don't think that that's enough.
I don't think that that's correct.
I don't think that that's appropriate.
I don't think that that's an option.
I don't think that that's allowed.
I don't think that that's allowed here.
I don't think that that's accurate.
I don't think that that's a very good idea.
I don't think that that's a reasonable request.
I don't think that that's a real word.
I don't think that that's a real diamond.
I don't think that that's a good reason.
I don't think that that's a good idea.
I don't think that that's a good idea right now.
I don't think that that's a factor.
I don't think that that's a coincidence.
I don't think that that'll work.
I don't think that that'll still be a problem.
I don't think that'll make much difference.
I don't think that that'll make much difference.
I don't think that that'll happen.
I don't think that that'll happen until tomorrow.
I don't think that that'll happen today.
I don't think that that'll happen to us.
I don't think that that'll happen anymore.
I don't think that that'll happen again.
I don't think that that'll ever happen.
I don't think that that'll ever happen again.
I don't think that that'll do any good.
I don't think that that'll continue.
I don't think that that'll be possible at all.
I don't think that that'll be necessary.
I don't think that that'll be a problem.
I don't think that that would ever happen.
I don't think that that would cost very much.
I don't think that that would cost much.
I don't think that that would bother Tom too much.
I don't think that that would be wise.
I don't think that that would be the right thing to do.
I don't think that that would be such a good idea.
I don't think that that would be good.
I don't think that that would be appropriate.
I don't think that that would be a great idea.
I don't think that that would be a good idea.
I don't think that that works.
I don't think that that will fly.
I don't think that was a coincidence.
I don't think that that was a coincidence.
I don't think that that should be done.
I don't think that that really happened.
I don't think that matters much.
I don't think that that matters much.
I don't think that that matters much, Tom.
I don't think that that makes any sense.
I don't think that that happened.
I don't think that that game's much fun.
I don't think that that counts.
I don't think that that could happen.
I don't think that that changes anything.
I don't think that that can be fixed.
I don't think that that actually happened.
I don't think technology provides us with everything we need.
I don't think that that story is true.
I don't think Mary looks like her mother.
I don't think that Mary looks like her mother.
I don't think that it's going to happen.
I don't think that it's going to happen tonight.
I don't think that it's going to happen today.
I don't think that it's going to happen that way.
I don't think that it'll happen.
I don't think that it'll happen again.
I don't think it can happen.
I don't think I'll be able to solve this problem by myself.
I don't think I want to go to college.
I don't think I look like my father.
I don't think I deserved the punishment I got.
I don't think that either of us wants that to happen.
I don't think that anything bad is going to happen.
I don't think that any of us are happy about what happened.
I didn't think that Tom's performance was very good.
I don't think that Tom knows what he did was wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows that what he did was wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary thinks he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary thinks he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary isn't happy.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary isn't happy.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary isn't Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary isn't Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is upset.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is upset.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is unhappy.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is unhappy.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is in love with him.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is in love with him.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is a Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is a Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm not Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm not Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm hungry.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm hungry.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm here.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm here.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows I think he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows that I think he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows I have three cats.
I don't think that Tom knows that I have three cats.
I don't think that Tom knows I hate him.
I don't think that Tom knows that I hate him.
I don't think that Tom knows I don't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows that I don't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows he's adopted.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's adopted.
I don't think Tom knows what he did was wrong.
I don't think Tom knows Mary thinks he's stupid.
I don't think Tom knows Mary isn't happy.
I don't think Tom knows Mary isn't Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is upset.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is unhappy.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is in love with him.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is a Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think Tom knows I'm not Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows I'm hungry.
I don't think Tom knows I'm here.
I don't think Tom knows I'm Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows I think he's stupid.
I don't think Tom knows I have three cats.
I don't think Tom knows I hate him.
I don't think Tom knows I don't like him.
I don't think Tom knows he's adopted.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what Mary needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what Mary needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what Mary has to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what Mary has to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what he has to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what he has to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what Mary wants to do.
Do you still think about Tom?
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what Mary needs to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what Mary has to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what he needs to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what he has to do.
I don't think Tom knows what he did wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows what he did wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows that.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he did wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he did wrong.
I don't think that Tom is that weird.
I don't think that Tom is small enough to crawl through that hole.
I don't think Tom is rich enough to buy that house.
I don't think that Tom is rich enough to buy that house.
I don't think that Tom is responsible for that.
I don't think that Tom is married.
I don't think Tom is in Australia now.
I don't think that Tom is in Australia now.
I don't think that Tom is here.
I don't think Tom is here today.
I don't think that Tom is here today.
I don't think that Tom is going to like that.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary next week.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary next week.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think Tom is going to be there.
I don't think that Tom is going to be there.
I don't think that Tom is capable of that.
I don't think Tom is all that busy today.
I don't think that Tom is all that busy today.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will be here today.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will be here today.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will know the answer.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will help us.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that I've ever eaten anything you would consider disgusting.
I don't think that I've ever eaten anything that you would consider disgusting.
I don't think I've ever eaten anything you would consider disgusting.
I don't think that I should tell Tom I'm going to Boston.
I don't think that I should tell Tom that I'm going to Boston.
I don't think I should tell Tom I'm going to Boston.
I don't think that I've ever done anything that would cause my parents to want to punish me.
I don't think I'd be that interested in doing something like that.
I don't think that I'd be that interested in doing something like that.
I don't think that I can get you to understand how difficult that is.
I think I wouldn't be able to wear something like that to work.
I think that I wouldn't be able to wear something like that to work.
I don't think Tom has enough money to buy everything he needs.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to buy everything he needs.
I don't think I'd be able to wear something like that to work.
I don't think that I'd be able to wear something like that to work.
I don't think we should tell Tom that we're going to Boston.
I don't think that we should tell Tom that we're going to Boston.
I don't think I have the experience necessary for that job.
I don't think that I have the experience necessary for that job.
I don't think that I'll have too much of a problem with that.
I don't think we should tell Tom we're going to Boston.
I don't think that we should tell Tom we're going to Boston.
I don't think that I can wear something like that to work.
I don't think we should go to Australia next month.
I don't think that we should go to Australia next month.
I don't think Tom has any friends living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom has any friends living in Boston.
I don't think I should go to Australia next summer.
I don't think that I should go to Australia next summer.
I don't think that I have what it takes to be a teacher.
I don't think we should go to Boston next weekend.
I don't think that we should go to Boston next weekend.
I don't think that I've heard that word in a long time.
I don't think that I'll be able to get that done today.
I don't think that I'd ever make a mistake like that.
I don't think that I've ever heard that joke before.
I don't think I should go to Boston next week.
I don't think that I should go to Boston next week.
I don't think I need to read the instructions.
I don't think that I need to read the instructions.
I don't think I have to read the instructions.
I don't think that I have to read the instructions.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy that.
I don't think we should go there by ourselves.
I don't think that we should go there by ourselves.
I don't think I can wait until Tom gets here.
I don't think that I can wait until Tom gets here.
I don't think that I'm that much of a complainer.
I don't think that I need to explain that to Tom.
I don't think that I have to explain that to Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be that simple.
I don't think I should tell Tom about that.
I don't think that I should tell Tom about that.
I don't think I need to ask for Tom's help.
I don't think that I need to ask for Tom's help.
I don't think I like Tom as much as you do.
I don't think that I like Tom as much as you do.
I don't think that it'll be all that difficult.
I don't think that I'll sing that song tonight.
I don't think that I can do anything like that.
I don't think that we should drink this water.
I don't think that it's going to be that easy.
I don't think that I've changed all that much.
I don't think I should say anything more.
I don't think that I should say anything more.
I don't think that I should attend that event.
I don't think that Tom has enough experience.
I don't think I'd do anything like that.
I don't think that I'd do anything like that.
I don't think that I have that kind of time.
I don't think that I can help you with that.
I don't think I can wait until Monday.
I don't think that I can wait until Monday.
I don't think that I'd be that interested.
I don't think I can be there by 2:30.
I don't think that I can be there by 2:30.
I don't think that I could tell Tom that.
I don't think I can wait until 2:30.
I don't think that I can wait until 2:30.
I don't think that I'd like that at all.
I don't think that I can wait that long.
I don't think we should eat this.
I don't think that we should eat this.
I don't think that it'll come to that.
I don't think that it'll be that easy.
I don't think that it works like that.
I don't think that I'm ready for that.
I don't think that I said any of that.
I don't think that it works that way.
I don't think that I should eat this.
I don't think that I can handle that.
I think I can be there by 2:30.
I think that I can be there by 2:30.
I don't think that it's that simple.
I don't think I need your help.
I don't think that I need your help.
I don't think that I deserved that.
I don't think that it's that easy.
I don't think that I ordered that.
I don't think that I can eat that.
I don't think that it's that bad.
I don't think that I want that.
I don't think that I said that.
I don't think that I like that.
I don't think that anyone would agree with that statement.
I don't think that anybody would agree with that statement.
I don't think anyone would agree with that statement.
I don't think anybody would agree with that statement.
I don't think that anybody has tried that before.
I don't think that anyone has tried that before.
I don't think that anybody has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think that anyone has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think that anybody has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think that anyone has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think anybody has tried that before.
I don't think anybody has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think anyone has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think anybody has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think anyone has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think that anyone would want to see that movie more than once.
I don't think that anybody would want to see that movie more than once.
I don't think anyone would want to see that movie more than once.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary said she's going to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary said that she's going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary said she's going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary said that she's going to do.
Tom has decided he'll do that.
Tom has decided he'll ask Mary to do that.
Tom has decided that he'll ask Mary to do that.
It's a pity you weren't able to do that.
It's a pity that you weren't able to do that.
It's a pity Tom wasn't able to do that.
It's a pity that Tom wasn't able to do that.
I suggest we do that.
I suggest that we do that.
I hope I'll get a chance to do that again.
I hope that I'll get a chance to do that again.
You know as well as I do there's no chance that Tom will do that.
You know as well as I do there's no chance Tom will do that.
I do that every chance that I get.
I did that every chance that I got.
I hope that I get a chance to do that again.
I hope that I get a chance to do that.
I hope that I get the chance to do that.
I hope that I have the chance to do that.
I hope that I have the chance to try doing that.
I hope that you get the chance to do that.
I wish that I had the chance to do that.
I wish that I had the chance to try doing that.
I wish that we had the chance to do that.
I wish that we had the chance to try doing that.
I'm glad that I had a chance to do that.
I think that I'm going to get a chance to do that.
I think I'm going to get a chance to do that.
I think that I'm going to get the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think I'm going to get the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to get the chance to do that tomorrow.
I think I'm going to get the chance to do that tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to have the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think I'm going to have the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to have the chance to do that.
I think I'm going to have the chance to do that.
I think I'm never going to be given the chance to do that.
I think that I'm never going to be given the chance to do that.
I think I'm never going to get the chance to do that.
I think that I'm never going to get the chance to do that.
I don't think I'll ever be given the chance to do that.
I don't think that I'll ever be given the chance to do that.
I don't think I'll get a chance to do that.
I don't think that I'll get a chance to do that.
I just want to see if I can do that.
I just want to see whether I can do that.
I don't think you'll get a chance to do that.
I don't think that you'll get a chance to do that.
Do you think there's any chance you'll be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance you can do that?
Do you think there's any chance that you can do that?
Do you think there's any chance you'll do that?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll do that?
Do you think there's any chance you'll have to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll have to do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom can do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom can do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will have to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will have to do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will want to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will want to do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will need to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will need to do that?
Tom hopes that he'll get a chance to do that again.
I think there's a good chance that Tom will do that.
I think that there's a good chance that Tom will do that.
I think there's a good chance Tom will do that.
I think that there's a good chance Tom will do that.
There's not much chance Tom will do that.
There's not much chance that Tom will do that.
There's a very good chance I'll do that.
There's a very good chance that I'll do that.
There's a good chance Tom will do that for us.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that for us.
There's a good chance Tom will know how to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will know how to do that.
There's a good chance Tom was the one who did that.
There's a good chance that Tom was the one who did that.
There's a chance Tom won't be able to do that.
There's a chance that Tom won't be able to do that.
I don't think there's any chance I'll be able to do that.
Tom hoped Mary would do that.
I do that whenever I get the chance.
I do that whenever I get the chance to.
There's still a chance Tom will do that.
There's still a chance that Tom will do that.
I think we'll get the chance to do that this afternoon.
I think that we'll get the chance to do that this afternoon.
I didn't really think Tom would be able to do that.
I didn't really think that Tom would be able to do that.
I didn't really think that Tom would do that.
Give someone else a chance to do that.
Give somebody else a chance to do that.
Do you think that there's a chance that Tom will do that?
Do you think there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Do you think that there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Do you still think there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Do you still think that there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
I hope Tom gets the chance to do that.
I hope that Tom gets the chance to do that.
Is it possible I'll actually get a chance to do that?
Is it possible that I'll actually get a chance to do that?
What are the chances Tom would want to do that?
What are the chances that Tom would want to do that?
What are the chances Tom would do that?
What are the chances that Tom would do that?
What are the chances Tom will do that?
What are the chances that Tom will do that?
What're the chances I'll be able to do that?
What're the chances that I'll be able to do that?
What're the chances Tom will do that?
What're the chances that Tom will do that?
What're the chances Tom will be able to do that?
What're the chances that Tom will be able to do that?
What're the chances Tom will want to do that?
What're the chances that Tom will want to do that?
What're the chances Tom will want to do that with us?
What're the chances that Tom will want to do that with us?
What're the chances Tom will have to do that?
What're the chances that Tom will have to do that?
Do you think that there's a chance Tom will do that?
There's a very good chance that it was Tom who did that.
There's a good chance Ithat won't be able to do that.
Is there any chance you'll do that tomorrow?
Is there any chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Is there any chance Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Is there any chance that Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Do you think that Tom would do that if he had the chance?
Do you think that Tom would do that again if he had the chance?
I don't think that Tom knows I hardly ever do that.
I don't think that Tom knows I don't often do that.
I don't think Tom knows I hardly ever do that.
I don't think Tom knows I don't often do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think we should even try to do that.
I don't think we should even try doing that.
I don't think we should even consider doing that.
I don't think Tom would ever do that kind of thing.
I don't think that Tom will like doing that.
I don't think that Tom will forget to do that.
I don't think that Tom will enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom was the one who did that.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wants to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary had to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary had to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary did that.
I don't think Tom knows why I wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I need to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I need to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I have to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I have to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I had to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I had to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I didn't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I didn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I did that.
I don't think Tom knows why he should do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why he should do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who has to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who did that.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary wants to do that.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary did that.
I don't think Tom knows when I want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows when I want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows when I did that.
I don't think that Tom knows when I did that.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows I'm planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take him to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take him to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time he'll need to do that.
I don't think Tom is the one who did that.
I don't think that that's the safest way to do that.
I don't think that that's the right way to do that.
I don't think either Tom or Mary has ever done that.
I don't think doing that would be such a good idea.
I don't think doing that would be such a bad idea.
I don't think doing that would be a very good idea.
I don't think doing that would be a bad idea.
I don't think doing that is such a good idea.
I don't think doing that's a very good idea.
I don't think that doing that's a very good idea.
I don't think doing that is a very good idea.
I don't think doing that's a good idea.
I don't think that doing that's a good idea.
I don't think doing that is a good idea.
I don't think doing that's a bad idea.
I don't think that doing that's a bad idea.
I don't think doing that is a bad idea.
I don't think that Tom is going to want to do that.
I don't think Tom is going to like doing that.
I don't think that Tom is going to like doing that.
I don't think Tom is going to enjoy doing that.
I don't think that Tom is going to enjoy doing that.
I don't think that Tom has to do that today.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will do that.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will want to do that.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will help us do that.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think I'll have too much trouble doing that.
I don't think that I'll have too much trouble doing that.
I don't think I'd be that interested in doing that.
I don't think that I'd be that interested in doing that.
I don't think that I have enough time to do that today.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that now.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that now.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that by myself.
I don't think we should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think that we should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that with Tom.
I don't think I should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think that I should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think we should do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we should do that by ourselves.
I don't think I'd want to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd want to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I can help you do that today.
I don't think we should do that with Tom.
I don't think that we should do that with Tom.
I don't think that I should do that by myself.
I don't think I ought to do that anymore.
I don't think that I ought to do that anymore.
I don't think I should do that with Tom.
I don't think that I should do that with Tom.
I don't think I need to do that anymore.
I don't think that I need to do that anymore.
I don't think that I have to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom has done that before.
I don't think that Tom has done that before.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that.
I don't think that I should do that anymore.
I don't think I ought to do that today.
I don't think that I ought to do that today.
I don't think I should do that inside.
I don't think that I should do that inside.
I don't think that I need to do that today.
I don't think that I have to do that today.
I don't think we should do that here.
I don't think that we should do that here.
I don't think I should do that today.
I don't think that I should do that today.
I don't think I can help you do that.
I don't think that I can help you do that.
I don't think I'd do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd do that by myself.
I think I could probably do that.
I think that I could probably do that.
I don't think that I ought to do that.
I don't think that I have to do that.
I don't think that I could do that.
I don't think that I'd do that.
I don't think that anyone would agree to do that.
I don't think that anybody would agree to do that.
I don't think anyone would agree to do that.
I don't think anybody would agree to do that.
I don't think that anybody has tried doing that before.
I don't think that anyone has tried doing that before.
I don't think that anybody has tried to do that before.
I don't think that anyone has tried to do that before.
I don't think anybody has tried doing that before.
I don't think anyone has tried doing that before.
I don't think anybody has tried to do that before.
I don't think anyone has tried to do that before.
I don't think that Tom has done that as many times as Mary.
I don't think that Tom has done that as many times as Mary has.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you're planning to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you're planning to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you're planning to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you're planning to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you plan to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you plan to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you plan to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you plan to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you're planning on doing that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you're planning on doing that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you're planning on doing that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you're planning on doing that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went Australia.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went Australia.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went Australia last month.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went Australia last month.
I don't think that I can buy that for you.
I don't think that I can do that.
I don't think I can be here all day.
I don't think that I can be here all day.
I don't think that I can answer that.
I don't think I can answer that question.
I don't think that I can answer that question.
I don't think that I can afford that.
I don't think I can afford to buy that.
I don't think that I can afford to buy that.
I don't think I can afford to buy something like that.
I don't think that I can afford to buy something like that.
I don't think that anyone would disagree with that statement.
I don't think anybody would disagree with that statement.
I don't think that anybody would disagree with that statement.
I don't think that a native speaker would ever say it that way.
I don't think that a native French speaker would say it that way.
I don't think that your plan will work.
I don't think that your plan is feasible.
I don't think that your name's Tom.
I don't think that your mother will like it.
I don't think that your approach will work.
I don't think that you've understood what I said.
I don't think that you've got much choice.
I don't think I have much choice.
I don't think that I have much choice.
I don't think that I have enough money.
I don't think that you've ever met Tom.
I don't think you've ever done that.
I don't think that you've ever done that.
I don't think that I've ever done that.
I don't think you've done that as many times as I have.
I don't think that you've done that as many times as I have.
I don't think Tom has done that as many times as I have.
I don't think that Tom has done that as many times as I have.
I don't think Tom has done that as many times as Mary.
I don't think Tom has done that as many times as Mary has.
I don't think that you've broken any bones.
I don't think you've done that right.
I don't think that you've done that right.
I don't think you're finished yet.
I don't think that you're finished yet.
I don't think that you've been listening to me.
I don't think you've been paying attention.
I don't think that you've been paying attention.
I don't think that you're wrong.
I don't think that you're right.
I don't think that you're ugly.
I don't think that you're trying very hard to find Tom.
I don't think you're doing that the right way.
I don't think that you're doing that the right way.
I don't think you're doing that correctly.
I don't think that you're doing that correctly.
I don't think that you're trying hard enough.
I don't think that you're the right person for the job.
I don't think that you're the kind of person who would do that.
I don't think that you're the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who would do that.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think that you're telling the truth.
I don't think that Tom was telling the truth.
I don't think that you're supposed to be here.
I don't think that I'm supposed to be here.
I don't think that we're supposed to be here.
I don't think that Tom is supposed to be here.
I don't think that you're smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think that I'm smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think that Tom is smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think that you're sick.
I don't think that Tom is sick.
I don't think that you're schizophrenic.
I don't think that you're ready.
I don't think that you're ready to do that.
I don't think that you're ready to do that yet.
I don't think that I'm ready.
I don't think that I'm ready to do that.
I don't think that I'm ready to do that yet.
I don't think that you're lying.
I don't think that you're in any danger.
I don't think that you're heartless.
I don't think that you're going to need me to help you anymore.
I don't think you're going to need my assistance anymore.
I don't think that you're going to need my assistance anymore.
I don't think that you're going to be able to do that.
I don't think that you're funny.
I don't think that you're fit to be a teacher here.
I don't think that you're fat.
I don't think that you're crazy.
I don't think that you're boring.
I don't think that you're being reasonable.
I don't think that you're being realistic.
I don't think that you're being objective.
I don't think that you're being honest.
I don't think that you're as good of a driver as you say you are.
I don't think you're as good of a driver as Tom.
I don't think that you're as good of a driver as Tom.
I don't think that you're allowed to do that.
I don't think that you're allowed to do that here.
I don't think that you'll win.
I don't think that you'll make it.
I don't think that you'll like this.
I don't think that you'll like this movie.
I don't think you'll like this book.
I don't think that you'll like this book.
I think that you'll like this movie.
I think that you'll like this book.
I don't think that you'll like the alternative.
I don't think that you'll have to wait for more than three hours.
I don't think you'll have to wait as long as I did.
I don't think that you'll have to wait as long as I did.
I don't think that you'll have the time to do that today.
I don't think that you'll have the same problems I had.
I don't think that you'll have much fun doing that.
I don't think that you'll get it.
I don't think that you'll ever be able to do that.
I don't think that you'll do that.
I don't think that you'll die today.
I don't think that you'll be permitted to do that.
I don't think that you'll be disappointed.
I don't think that you'll be allowed to do that.
I don't think that you'll be able to win.
I don't think that you'll be able to persuade Tom to do that.
I don't think that you'll be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think that you'll be able to do that.
I don't think that you'd understand.
I don't think that you'd understand it.
I don't think that you'd recognize Tom anymore.
I don't think that you'd like it.
I don't think that you'd enjoy it.
I don't think that you'd enjoy doing that.
I don't think that you'd do that.
I don't think that you'd be able to do that.
I don't think that you would do that.
I don't think that you want to know the answer.
I don't think that you want to hear about my problems.
I don't think that you understand.
I don't think that you understand what this means.
I don't think that you understand what this means to me.
I don't think that you understand what I'm trying to say.
I don't think that you understand the situation.
I don't think you understand what's happening.
I don't think that you understand what's happening.
I don't think you understand what's going on.
I don't think that you understand what's going on.
I don't think you understand the problem.
I don't think that you understand the problem.
I don't think that you understand me.
I don't think that you understand how much this means to me.
I don't think that you understand how important this is.
I don't think that you understand how important this is to me.
I don't think that you two should get married.
I don't think that Tom and Mary should get married.
I don't think that you tried hard enough.
I don't think you've tried hard enough.
I don't think that you've tried hard enough.
I don't think that you should've left early.
I don't think that you should've done that.
I don't think that you should worry so much.
I don't think that you should try to do that by yourself.
I don't think that you should try doing that by yourself.
I don't think that you should trust Tom too much.
I don't think that you should tell Tom what to do.
I think that you should tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that you should tell Tom the truth.
I think that you should tell Tom the truth.
I don't think that you should tell Tom how to do that.
I don't think that you should spend any more time trying to do that.
I don't think that you should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think that you should see Tom anymore.
I don't think that you should say any more.
I don't think that you should quit your job.
I don't think that you should marry Tom.
I don't think that you should leave.
I don't think you should leave until tomorrow.
I don't think that you should leave until tomorrow.
I don't think that you should have done that.
I don't think that you should go.
I don't think that you should go there.
I don't think that you should go there with Tom.
I don't think that you should go there by yourself.
I don't think that you should go there by car.
I don't think that you should get married.
I don't think that you should follow Tom's advice.
I don't think you should do what Tom tells you to do.
I don't think that you should do what Tom tells you to do.
I think that you should do what Tom tells you to do.
I don't think that you should eat so much junk food.
I don't think that you should drive.
I think that you should drive.
I don't think that you should do that with Tom.
I don't think that you should do that today.
I don't think that you should do that now.
I don't think that you should do that here.
I don't think that you should do that by yourself.
I don't think that you should do it.
I don't think that you should call Tom.
I don't think that you should be doing that.
I don't think that you should be doing that now.
I don't think that you should be doing that here.
I don't think that you should be doing that by yourself.
I don't think that you should be alarmed.
I don't think that you should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think that you should agree to do that.
I don't think that you said anything wrong.
I don't think that you really want to know.
I don't think that you really want to do that.
I don't think that you really understand.
I don't think you really understand what needs to be done.
I don't think that you really understand what needs to be done.
I don't think you really understand what I'm trying to say.
I don't think that you really understand what I'm trying to say.
I don't think that you really need to do that.
I don't think you really need to do that today.
I don't think that you really need to do that today.
I don't think that you really have to do that.
I don't think you really have to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that you really have to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that you realize what you've done.
I don't think that you realize what you're suggesting.
I don't think that you realize what you're saying.
I don't think that you realize how much I miss you.
I don't think that you ought to.
I don't think that you ought to do that.
I don't think you ought to do that here.
I don't think that you ought to do that here.
I don't think you ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think that you ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think you ought to do that by yourself.
I don't think that you ought to do that by yourself.
I don't think you ought to do that until this afternoon.
I don't think that you ought to do that until this afternoon.
I don't think that you need to worry so much.
I don't think you need to worry about that anymore.
I don't think that you need to worry about that anymore.
I don't think you need to worry about what might happen.
I don't think that you need to worry about what might happen.
I don't think you need to worry about tomorrow.
I don't think that you need to worry about tomorrow.
I don't think you need to worry about Tom.
I don't think that you need to worry about Tom.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom anything.
I don't think you need to tell Tom everything.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom everything.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you're going to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you're going to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you're going to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you're going to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you're planning to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you're planning to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you plan to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you plan to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you did.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you did.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you're going to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you're going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what needs to be done.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what needs to be done.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what he needs to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what he needs to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what he has to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what he has to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary did.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary did.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary is planning to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary is planning to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary plans to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary plans to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that you need to say anything more.
I don't think that you need to do that.
I don't think you need to help me anymore.
I don't think that you need to help me anymore.
I don't think you need to do anything more.
I don't think that you need to do anything more.
I don't think you need to help us today.
I don't think that you need to help us today.
I don't think you need to do that if you don't want to.
I don't think that you need to do that if you don't want to.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you did that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you did that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why Mary isn't here.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why Mary isn't here.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you want to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you want to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you have to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you have to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you need to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you need to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why Mary wasn't here yesterday.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why Mary wasn't here yesterday.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you weren't here on Monday.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you weren't here on Monday.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why he wasn't invited to Mary's party.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why he wasn't invited to Mary's party.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you didn't do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you didn't do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you were absent yesterday.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you were absent yesterday.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you don't like Mary.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you don't like Mary.
I don't think that you should take Tom to Boston with you.
I don't think that you should go to Boston.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston last week.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston last week.
Veganism is a way of living that seeks to exclude, as far as possible and practicable, all forms of exploitation of, and cruelty to, animals for food, clothing and any other purpose.
I don't think that we're going to be able to catch the train you want to catch.
I don't think that we're going to be able to catch the train that you want to catch.
I don't think we're going to be able to catch the train you want to catch.
I don't think we're going to be able to catch the train that you want to catch.
I don't think that we'll have any problem with raising the money we need.
I don't think that we'll have any problem with raising the money that we need.
I don't think we'll have any problem with raising the money that we need.
I don't think that you need to do that today.
I don't think that you need to change.
I don't think that you need to be doing this.
I don't think that you need to be at tomorrow's meeting.
I don't think that you need it.
I don't think that you know what you're asking.
I don't think that you know what you want.
I don't think that you know anything.
I don't think that you heard what I said.
I don't think that you heard me.
I don't think that you have to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't think that you have to do that.
I don't think that you have to do that today.
I don't think that you have the heart.
I don't think that you have the guts.
I don't think that you have much choice.
I don't think that you have anything to worry about.
I don't think that you have any other choice.
I don't think that you have all the facts.
I don't think that you have a choice.
I don't think that you fully understand the consequences.
I don't think that you did this.
I don't think that you did this by yourself.
I don't think that you did a very thorough job.
I don't think that you did a very good job.
I don't think that you could persuade Tom to do that.
I don't think that you could persuade Tom not to do that.
I don't think that you could ever do that by yourself.
I don't think that you could do that.
I don't think that you can win.
I don't think that you can stop Tom from doing that.
I don't think that you can ignore this problem anymore.
I don't think that you can do this.
I don't think that you can do that.
I don't think that you can do that without my help.
I don't think that you can do that by yourself.
I don't think that you can count on Tom.
I don't think that you can convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think that you can change it.
I don't think that you can beat me.
I don't think that you and I'll be able to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that you and I can do that by ourselves.
I don't think that what you're doing is legal.
I don't think that what you need has been invented yet.
I don't think that what we did made any difference.
I don't think that what we did helped.
I don't think that what Tom said was true.
I don't think that what Tom said was accurate.
I don't think that what Tom said made any sense.
I don't think that what Tom did was wrong.
I don't think that we've seen the last of Tom.
I don't think that we've got much time.
I don't think that we've ever met.
I don't think that we've been introduced.
I don't think that we've been helping Tom enough.
I don't think that we've actually met.
I don't think that we're welcome here.
I don't think that we're going to do that.
I don't think we're going to see Tom today.
I don't think that we're going to see Tom today.
I don't think that we're welcome around here anymore.
I don't think that we're there yet.
I don't think that we're right for each other anymore.
I don't think that we're ready.
I don't think that we're ready to leave yet.
I don't think that we're ready to do that yet.
I don't think that we're meant for each other.
I don't think that we're losing.
I don't think that we're going to need Tom's help.
I don't think we're going to need to do that.
I don't think that we're going to need to do that.
I don't think we're going to have to do that.
I don't think that we're going to have to do that.
I don't think that we're going to make it.
I don't think we're going to make it there on time.
I don't think that we're going to make it there on time.
I don't think that we're going to make it to your party.
I don't think we're going to do that today.
I don't think that we're going to do that today.
I don't think we're going to do that with Tom.
I don't think that we're going to do that with Tom.
I don't think we're going to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we're going to do that by ourselves.
I don't think we're going to do that until next week.
I don't think that we're going to do that until next week.
I don't think that we're going to be able to do that.
I don't think we're going to be able to be there.
I don't think that we're going to be able to be there.
I don't think that we're going to be able to be at your party tonight.
I don't think that we're getting anywhere.
I don't think that we're capable of doing that.
I don't think that we're alone.
I don't think we're alone in this cave.
I don't think that we're alone in this cave.
I don't think that we're allowed to do that.
I don't think we'd be allowed to do that.
I don't think that we'd be allowed to do that.
I don't think that we'll win.
I don't think that we'll see Tom again.
I don't think that we'll see each other again.
I don't think we'll see each other again until October.
I don't think that we'll see each other again until October.
I don't think that we'll reach Boston before dark.
I don't think that we'll need to ask Tom to help us do that.
I don't think that we'll need to ask Tom to do that for us.
I don't think that we'll meet again.
I don't think we'll meet again for a long time.
I don't think that we'll meet again for a long time.
I don't think that we'll have enough time.
I don't think we'll have enough time to do that.
I don't think that we'll have enough time to do that.
I don't think we'll have enough time to finish doing this today.
I don't think that we'll have enough time to finish doing this today.
I don't think that we'll find anyone who can do that for us.
I don't think we'll find anyone who can help us.
I don't think that we'll find anyone who can help us.
I don't think we'll find anyone who can help us do that.
I don't think that we'll find anyone who can help us do that.
I don't think that we'll ever know.
I don't think we'll ever know what happened.
I don't think that we'll ever know what happened.
I don't think we'll ever know what happened to Tom.
I don't think that we'll ever know what happened to Tom.
I don't think we'll ever know why Tom did that.
I don't think that we'll ever know why Tom did that.
I don't think we'll ever know why Tom didn't do that.
I don't think that we'll ever know why Tom didn't do that.
I don't think we'll ever know what Tom really did.
I don't think that we'll ever know what Tom really did.
I don't think that we'll do that.
I don't think we'll do that here.
I don't think that we'll do that here.
I don't think we'll do that while we're in Boston.
I don't think that we'll do that while we're in Boston.
I don't think we'll do that with Tom.
I don't think that we'll do that with Tom.
I don't think we'll do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we'll do that by ourselves.
I don't think we'll do that anytime soon.
I don't think that we'll do that anytime soon.
I don't think we'll do that in the near future.
I don't think that we'll do that in the near future.
I don't think we'll do that this week.
I don't think that we'll do that this week.
There's no denying Tom is clever.
There's no denying Tom is a good swimmer.
I don't think that we'll be able to win.
I don't think we'll be able to help you.
I don't think that we'll be able to help you.
I don't think we'll be able to help you today.
I don't think that we'll be able to help you today.
I don't think we'll be able to do that until the day after tomorrow.
I don't think that we'll be able to do that until the day after tomorrow.
I don't think that we'll be able to solve this problem without a little help.
I don't think we'll be able to solve this problem.
I don't think that we'll be able to solve this problem.
I don't think that we'll be able to hang out together tonight.
I don't think that we'll be able to do that.
I don't think that we were spotted.
I don't think that we were seen.
I don't think that we were invited to Tom's party.
I don't think that we were followed.
I don't think that we were confused.
I don't think that we want to know.
I don't think we want to know all the details.
I don't think that we want to know all the details.
I don't think really we want to know all the gory details.
I don't think that really we want to know all the gory details.
I don't think that we should wait.
I don't think that we should wait any longer.
I don't think that we should try doing that again.
I don't think that we should trust Tom.
I don't think we should do that again.
I don't think that we should do that again.
I don't think we should do that anymore.
I don't think that we should do that anymore.
I don't think we should do that now.
I don't think that we should do that now.
I don't think we should do that until next month.
I don't think that we should do that until next month.
I don't think that we should touch anything.
I don't think that we should tell Tom what Mary did.
I don't think we should tell Tom what Mary did yesterday.
I don't think that we should tell Tom what Mary did yesterday.
I don't think that we should tell Tom about what we did.
I don't think we should tell anyone just yet.
I don't think that we should tell anyone just yet.
I don't think that we should tell anybody just yet.
I don't think that we should tell anybody about this yet.
I don't think we should tell anybody about what happened here today.
I don't think that we should tell anybody about what happened here today.
I don't think that we should stop right now.
I don't think that we should stay.
I don't think that we should stay here.
I don't think we should stay here any longer.
I don't think that we should stay here any longer.
I don't think we should stay in Boston much longer.
I don't think that we should stay in Boston much longer.
I don't think that we should stay here much longer.
I don't think that we should stay at this hotel.
I don't think we should stay at the same hotel where we stayed last time.
I don't think that we should stay at the same hotel where we stayed last time.
I don't think we should stay at the same hotel that we stayed at last time.
I don't think that we should stay at the same hotel that we stayed at last time.
I don't think we should stay at the same hotel we stayed at last time.
I don't think that we should stay at the same hotel we stayed at last time.
I'll go out to eat.
When we were kids, we always wanted to grow up. Now that we have grown up, we wish we were aware of it.
Living in a foreign land is a life lesson.
I don't think that we should shut the window.
I don't think we should leave the door unlocked.
I don't think that we should leave the door unlocked.
I don't think we should lock the door.
I don't think that we should lock the door.
I don't think we should open the windows.
I don't think that we should open the windows.
I don't think that we should rely on Tom too much.
I don't think that we should leave yet.
I don't think we should leave until Tom gets here.
I don't think that we should leave until Tom gets here.
I don't think that we should hang around.
I don't think that we should go yet.
I don't think that we should go to Tom's party.
I don't think that we should go this way.
I don't think that we should go outside today.
I don't think that we should go outside in this storm.
I don't think that we should get involved.
I don't think that we should even consider buying a new car at this time.
I don't think that we should do that yet.
I don't think that we should do that the way your suggesting.
I don't think that we should do that the way you've suggested.
I don't think that we should do that the way you're suggesting.
I don't think that we should do that the way Tom told us to.
I don't think that we should delay doing that any longer.
I don't think we should do that today.
I don't think that we should do that today.
I don't think that we should compromise.
I don't think that we should buy this.
I don't think that we should be talking to each other.
I don't think that we should be talking about this.
I don't think that we should be talking about this right now.
I don't think that we should be talking about this here.
I don't think that we should be fighting.
I don't think that we should be doing this.
I don't think we should be doing this now.
I don't think that we should be doing this now.
I don't think that we should ask Tom to pay for everything.
I don't think that we should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think that we should agree to do that.
I don't think that we really need to do this.
I don't think that we really need to do that.
I don't think that we really have to do that.
I don't think that we ought to do that.
I don't think we ought to be doing this right now.
I don't think that we ought to be doing this right now.
I don't think that we ought to be doing this.
I don't think that we need to worry.
I don't think we need to worry about that now.
I don't think that we need to worry about that now.
I don't think that we need to wait for Tom.
I don't think that we need to do that.
I don't think we need to do that this week.
I don't think that we need to do that this week.
I don't think that we need to do that today.
I don't think that we need to do it.
I don't think that we need this.
I don't think we need to buy this.
I don't think that we need to buy this.
I don't think that we need this anymore.
I don't think that we need permission to do this.
I don't think we need permission to do that.
I don't think that we need permission to do that.
I don't think that we kept score.
I don't think we have to worry about anyone showing up tonight.
I don't think that we have to worry about anyone showing up tonight.
I don't think that we have to worry about anybody showing up tonight.
I don't think that we have to wait for Tom.
I don't think that we have to stay here any longer.
I don't think we'll need to stay here much longer.
I don't think that we'll need to stay here much longer.
I don't think that we have to go any further.
I don't think that we have to do this.
I don't think that we have to do this now.
I don't think that we have to do that.
I don't think we have to do that this morning.
I don't think that we have to do that this morning.
I don't think that we have to do that today.
I don't think that we have to do anything else.
I don't think we have to do anything else today.
I don't think that we have to do anything else today.
I don't think that we have much time.
I don't think that we have enough time.
I don't think that we have enough time to do that.
I don't think that we have enough money.
I don't think we have enough money to buy everything we need.
I don't think that we have enough money to buy everything we need.
I don't think that we have enough food.
I don't think that we have enough food to feed everyone.
I don't think that we have anything to explain.
I don't think that we have any choice.
I don't think we have any choice but to do that.
I don't think that we have any choice but to do that.
I don't think that we have a choice.
I don't think that we did that right.
I don't think that we did it right.
I don't think that we could do that.
I don't think that we could do that even if we tried.
I don't think that we can wait any longer.
I don't think we can wait much longer.
I don't think that we can wait much longer.
I don't think we can wait until October.
I don't think that we can wait until October.
I don't think we can wait until 2:30.
I don't think that we can wait until 2:30.
I don't think we can wait until Monday.
I don't think that we can wait until Monday.
I don't think we can wait until tomorrow.
I don't think that we can wait until tomorrow.
I don't think that we can expect someone else to solve our problems.
I don't think that we can expect somebody else to solve our problems.
I don't think that we can do that without everyone's help.
I don't think that we can do that without everybody's help.
I don't think we can do that without everyone's help.
I don't think we can do that without everybody's help.
I don't think that Tom would've tried to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom would've tried doing that by himself.
I don't think that we can trust Tom as much as we used to.
I don't think that we can trust Tom anymore.
I don't think that we can take care of ourselves.
I don't think that we can see each other anymore.
I don't think that we can pull this off.
I don't think that we can make an exception.
I don't think that we can get home by Monday.
I don't think that we can get home by 2:30.
I don't think we can expect somebody else to solve our problems.
I don't think that we can eat this.
I don't think that we can do this.
I don't think we can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think that we can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think that we can do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we can do that by Monday.
I don't think that we can do that by 2:30.
I don't think that we can do anything right now.
I don't think that we can do anything for Tom.
I don't think we can afford to buy a car right now.
I don't think that we can afford to buy a car right now.
I don't think that we can afford it now.
I don't think that TV will ever take the place of books.
I don't think that traveling by train is as safe as it used to be.
I don't think Tom knows how to play chess.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play chess.
I don't think that Tom's plan is feasible.
I don't think Tom's jokes are very funny.
I don't think that Tom's jokes are very funny.
I don't think that Tom's jokes are particularly funny.
I don't think Tom's jokes are funny.
I don't think that Tom's jokes are funny.
I don't think that Tom's French pronunciation is very good.
I don't think that Tom wrote anything.
I don't think that Tom would've swum by himself.
I don't think that Tom would've permitted you to do that.
I don't think that Tom would've let you do that.
I don't think that Tom would've had the courage to do that.
I don't think that Tom would've done that.
I don't think that Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I don't think that Tom would've done that for me.
I don't think that Tom would've allowed you to do that.
I don't think that Tom would want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think that Tom would understand.
I don't think that Tom would try to kill us.
I don't think that Tom would try to do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom would still be willing to do that.
I don't think that Tom would still be nervous.
I don't think that Tom would still be mad.
I don't think that Tom would still be jealous.
I don't think that Tom would still be downstairs.
I don't think that Tom would still be awake.
I don't think that Tom would still be angry.
I don't think that Tom would remember me.
I don't think that Tom would really want to do that.
I don't think that Tom would really do that.
I don't think that Tom would permit you to do that.
I don't think that Tom would permit me to do that.
I don't think that Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom would mind.
I don't think that Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
I don't think that Tom would mind it if you stayed for a couple of days.
I don't think that Tom would mind it if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would mind if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would mind if we did that.
I don't think that Tom would mind if I used his bicycle.
I don't think that Tom would mind helping you.
I don't think that Tom would mind doing that.
I don't think that Tom would mind doing that for you.
I don't think Tom would make a very good teacher.
I don't think that Tom would make a very good teacher.
I don't think that Tom would make a very good husband.
I don't think that Tom would make a very good boss.
I don't think that Tom would likely do that.
I don't think that Tom would like to do that.
I don't think that Tom would like living here.
I don't think Tom would like living here very much.
I don't think that Tom would like living here very much.
I don't think that Tom would like it very much if I used his electric beard trimmer without his permission.
I don't think that Tom would like it if we did that.
I don't think that Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom would like it if I did that.
I don't think that Tom would like doing that.
I don't think that Tom would like Boston.
I don't think that Tom would lie.
I don't think that Tom would lie to you.
I don't think that Tom would let you win.
I don't think that Tom would let you drive his car.
I don't think that Tom would let you do that.
I don't think Tom would let you do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would let you do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would let me win.
I don't think that Tom would let me ride his horse.
I don't think that Tom would let me kiss him.
I don't think that Tom would let me help him.
I don't think that Tom would let me drive.
I don't think that Tom would let me drive his new sports car.
I don't think that Tom would let me do that.
I don't think that Tom would let me borrow his car.
I don't think that Tom would let Mary win.
I don't think that Tom would let Mary drive.
I don't think that Tom would let Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom would enjoy doing that.
I don't think that Tom would leave his wife.
I don't think that Tom would hire a private detective.
I don't think that Tom would help us do that.
I don't think that Tom would help me with my homework.
I don't think that Tom would help me do that.
I don't think that Tom would help Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom would have the courage to do that.
I don't think that Tom would have fun doing that.
I don't think that Tom would forget to do that.
I don't think that Tom would ever really do that.
I don't think that Tom would ever marry someone like Mary.
I don't think that Tom would ever let me read his diary.
I don't think that Tom would ever leave his wife.
I don't think that Tom would ever forget you.
I don't think that Tom would ever do that.
I don't think that Tom would ever do that again.
I don't think that Tom would ever consider doing that.
I don't think that Tom would ever be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom would enjoy this movie.
I don't think that Tom would do what you said he did.
I don't think that Tom would do this.
I don't think that Tom would do this kind of thing.
I don't think that Tom would do that on purpose.
I don't think that Tom would do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom would do such a thing.
I don't think that Tom would deny it.
I don't think that Tom would care if you did that.
I don't think Tom would care if you did that today.
I don't think that Tom would care if you did that today.
I don't think Tom would care if you did that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would care if you did that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would care if Mary did that.
I don't think Tom would care if Mary did that by herself.
I don't think that Tom would care if Mary did that by herself.
I don't think that Tom would care if I did that.
I don't think Tom would care if I did that with him.
I don't think that Tom would care if I did that with him.
I don't think Tom would care if I did that now.
I don't think that Tom would care if I did that now.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to lend me his new bicycle.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to lend me his guitar.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to help us.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to help us do that.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be welcomed.
I don't think that Tom would be upset if I did that.
I don't think that Tom would be tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom would be surprised if I did that.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do that alone.
I didn't think Tom would be so tired.
I didn't think that Tom would be so tired.
I didn think Tom would be so happy.
I didn't think that Tom would be so happy.
I don't think Tom would be so discouraged.
I don't think that Tom would be so discouraged.
I don't think Tom would be so busy.
I don't think that Tom would be so busy.
I don't think that Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be opposed to doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be nervous doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be motivated to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be mad if you did that.
I don't think Tom would be mad if you did that without him.
I don't think that Tom would be mad if you did that without him.
I don't think that Tom would be late unless he had a very good reason.
I don't think that Tom would be jealous.
I don't think that Tom would be interested.
I don't think that Tom would be interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be interested in buying any of Mary's paintings.
I don't think that Tom would be impressed.
I don't think Tom would be impressed by what you did.
I don't think that Tom would be impressed by what you did.
I don't think that Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be here if he didn't want to be.
I don't think that Tom would be here if he didn't need to be.
I don't think that Tom would be here if he didn't have to be.
I don't think that Tom would be happy doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be doing that if he didn't want to.
I don't think that Tom would be doing that if he didn't need to.
I don't think that Tom would be doing that if he didn't have to.
I don't think that Tom would be discouraged.
I don't think Tom would be busy.
I don't think that Tom would be busy.
I don't think that Tom would be bored if you told him about your trip.
I don't think that Tom would be angry if you did that.
I don't think Tom would be angry if you did that without him.
I don't think that Tom would be angry if you did that without him.
I don't think that Tom would be amused by what's going on.
I don't think that Tom would be afraid to do that.
I don't think Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I don't think that Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I don't think that Tom would be afraid of something like this.
I don't think that Tom would be absent if he weren't sick.
I don't think that Tom would be able to help us.
I don't think that Tom would be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom would approve.
I don't think that Tom would allow you to do that.
I don't think Tom would allow you to do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would allow you to do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would allow me to do that.
I don't think Tom would allow me to do that here.
I don't think that Tom would allow me to do that here.
I don't think that Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own.
I don't think that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own.
I don't think that Tom would agree.
I don't think that Tom would agree with you.
I don't think Tom would agree to do that.
I don't think that Tom would agree to do that.
I don't think that Tom will win.
I don't think that Tom will want your old bicycle.
I don't think that Tom will want to go to the zoo with us.
I don't think that Tom will want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think that Tom will want to go drinking with us.
I don't think that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think Tom will want to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will want to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will wait very long.
I don't think that Tom will wait until tomorrow to do that.
I don't think that Tom will swim.
I don't think that Tom will study French next year.
I don't think that Tom will stay very long.
I don't think Tom will stay much longer.
I don't think that Tom will stay much longer.
I don't think that Tom will say yes.
I don't think that Tom will resign.
I don't think that Tom will like the soup I made.
I don't think that Tom will like the soup that I made.
I don't think that Tom will like doing that alone.
I don't think that Tom will like doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom will like doing that alone.
I don't think Tom will like doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will have to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom will have to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom will have to do that alone.
I don't think Tom will have to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom will go to Australia next month.
I don't think that Tom will go to Australia next month.
I don't think Tom will go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think that Tom will go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think that Tom will remember me.
I don't think that Tom will really win.
I don't think that Tom will really do that.
I don't think that Tom will put up much of a fight.
I don't think that Tom will permit you to do that.
I don't think that Tom will permit me to do that.
I don't think that Tom will permit Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom will pass today's history test.
I don't think that Tom will notice.
I don't think Tom noticed we were there.
I don't think that Tom noticed we were there.
I don't think that Tom will need to do that.
I don't think that Tom will need our help.
I don't think Tom will need your help.
I don't think that Tom will need your help.
I don't think I'll need your help.
I don't think that I'll need your help.
I don't think that Tom will mind.
I don't think that Tom will make it.
I don't think that Tom will lose.
I don't think that Tom will listen to you.
I don't think that Tom will likely win.
I don't think that Tom will likely do that.
I don't think Tom will likely do that anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom will likely do that anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom will likely cry.
I don't think that Tom will likely be able to do that very well.
I don't think that Tom will like you.
I don't think that Tom will like this.
I don't think Tom will like this cake.
I don't think that Tom will like this cake.
I don't think that Tom will like this place.
I don't think Tom will like the soup that I made.
I don't think that Tom will like me.
I don't think that Tom will like Mary.
I don't think that Tom will like Boston.
I don't think that Tom will know how to do that.
I don't think that Tom will kiss Mary.
I don't think that Tom will hurt Mary.
I don't think that Tom will help me with my homework.
I don't think that Tom will hear us.
I don't think that Tom will have to do that.
I don't think that Tom will have the time to do that today.
I don't think Tom will have the time to do that with us today.
I don't think that Tom will have the time to do that with us today.
I don't think that Tom will have any problems.
I don't think Tom will have any problem doing that.
I don't think that Tom will have any problem doing that.
I don't think that Tom will go to Boston next weekend.
I don't think Tom will go to Boston with us next weekend.
I don't think that Tom will go to Boston with us next weekend.
I don't think that Tom will give you the keys.
I don't think that Tom will give us any trouble.
I don't think that Tom will give it back.
I don't think that Tom will get the job, because he doesn't have enough experience.
I don't think that Tom will get fired.
I don't think Tom will get fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom will get fired, at least not this week.
Do you think anybody would care if we didn't do that?
I don't think that Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I don't think that Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks that he will.
I don't think Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I don't think Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks that he will.
I don't think that Tom will cry.
I don't think Tom will come to school today.
I don't think that Tom will come to school today.
I don't think that Tom will come in this morning.
I don't think that Tom will come back.
I don't think that Tom will change.
I don't think that Tom will care whether I do that or not.
I don't think that Tom will believe us.
I don't think Tom will believe that really happened.
I don't think that Tom will believe that really happened.
I don't think that Tom will believe Mary.
I don't think that Tom will believe it.
I don't think that Tom will be worried.
I don't think Tom will be worried about us.
I don't think that Tom will be using this.
I don't think Tom will be using his umbrella today.
I don't think that Tom will be using his umbrella today.
I don't think that Tom will be upset.
I don't think Tom will be upset about that.
I don't think that Tom will be upset about that.
I don't think that Tom will be up at this time of night.
I don't think Tom will be too tired to go dancing.
I don't think that Tom will be too tired to go dancing.
I don't think that Tom will be too much help.
I don't think that Tom will be tired.
I don't think that Tom will be through doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom will be thrilled.
I don't think Tom will be thrilled about what happened.
I don't think that Tom will be thrilled about what happened.
I don't think Tom will be thrilled about that.
I don't think that Tom will be thrilled about that.
I don't think that Tom will be there.
I don't think that Tom will be the next one to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be the last one to do that.
I don't think Tom will be the last one here.
I don't think that Tom will be the last one here.
I don't think that Tom will be the first one to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be sympathetic.
I don't think that Tom will be suspicious.
I don't think that Tom will be surprised.
I don't think Tom will be surprised that that happened.
I don't think that Tom will be surprised that that happened.
I don't think Tom will be surprised that happened.
I don't think that Tom will be surprised that happened.
I don't think that Tom will be successful.
I don't think that Tom will be stubborn.
I don't think that Tom will be strict.
I don't think that Tom will be sleeping when we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be scared.
I don't think that Tom will be safe here.
I don't think that Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be reasonable.
I don't think that Tom will be ready.
I don't think Tom will be ready to leave when we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be ready to leave when we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be ready to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be ready to do that until next year.
I don't think that Tom will be punished.
I don't think Tom will be punished for doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be punished for doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be punctual.
I don't think that Tom will be present.
I don't think that Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom will be prepared.
I don't think Tom will be prepared to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be prepared to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be picky.
I don't think that Tom will be permitted to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be overwhelmed.
I don't think that Tom will be obedient.
I don't think that Tom will be nervous.
I don't think that Tom will be nervous doing that.
I don't think Tom will be nervous about that.
I don't think that Tom will be nervous about that.
I don't think that Tom will be motivated to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be mad.
I don't think Tom will be mad at you.
I don't think that Tom will be mad at you.
I don't think that Tom will be lonely.
I don't think that Tom will be late.
I don't think Tom will be late the next time.
I don't think that Tom will be late the next time.
I don't think that Tom will be last.
I don't think that Tom will be jealous.
I don't think that Tom will be interested.
I don't think that Tom will be interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be in his office tomorrow morning.
I don't think that Tom will be in his office on Monday.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next winter.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next week.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next summer.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next spring.
I don't think that Tom will be impressed.
I don't think Tom will be impressed by what Mary did.
I don't think that Tom will be impressed by what Mary did.
I don't think that Tom will be impatient.
I don't think that Tom will be hungry.
I don't think that Tom will be honest.
I don't think that Tom will be home this evening.
I don't think that Tom will be home on Monday.
I don't think that Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be here.
I don't think that Tom will be here until after 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be here until 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be here today.
I don't think that Tom will be here this morning.
I don't think that Tom will be here on time.
I don't think that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be going to Boston with Mary.
I don't think that Tom will be furious.
I don't think that Tom will be frightened.
I don't think that Tom will be forgiven.
I don't think that Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think Tom will be as stubborn this time as he was the last time.
I don't think that Tom will be as stubborn this time as he was the last time.
I don't think Tom will be as picky as Mary usually is.
I don't think that Tom will be as picky as Mary usually is.
I don't think Tom will be the first one to leave.
I don't think that Tom will be the first one to leave.
I don't think Tom will be the first one to fall asleep.
I don't think that Tom will be the first one to fall asleep.
I don't think Tom will be more careful the next time he does that.
I don't think that Tom will be more careful the next time he does that.
I don't think Tom will be here early.
I don't think that Tom will be here early.
I don't think that Tom will be first.
I don't think that Tom will be fired.
I don't think Tom will be fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom will be fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be finished by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be fair.
I don't think that Tom will be embarrassed.
I don't think that Tom will be early.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that with me.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that today.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that anymore.
I don't think Tom will be doing that alone.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that alone.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that again.
I don't think that Tom will be disobedient.
I don't think that Tom will be discreet.
I don't think that Tom will be discouraged.
I don't think that Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I don't think that Tom will be cooperative.
I don't think that Tom will be confused.
I don't think that Tom will be coming in this morning.
I don't think that Tom will be coming back.
I don't think that Tom will be cold.
I don't think that Tom will be careless.
I don't think that Tom will be careless this time.
I don't think Tom will be by himself.
I don't think that Tom will be by himself.
I don't think that Tom will be busy.
I don't think that Tom will be busy tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I don't think that Tom will be busy this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom will be busy next week.
I don't think that Tom will be bored.
I don't think that Tom will be barefoot.
I don't think that Tom will be back.
I don't think that Tom will be back until tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be back soon.
I don't think Tom will be back in time for dinner.
I don't think that Tom will be back in time for dinner.
I don't think Tom will be back before 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be back before 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be awake when you get home.
I don't think that Tom will be awake when I get home.
I don't think that Tom will be awake now.
I don't think that Tom will be awake at this time of night.
I don't think that Tom will be at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom will be at school tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be at school today.
I don't think that Tom will be at home tonight.
I don't think that Tom will be at home this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom will be asleep.
I don't think that Tom will be asleep when we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be as grouchy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom will be as enthusiastic about doing that as you seem to be.
I don't think Tom will be as careless the next time he does that.
I don't think that Tom will be as careless the next time he does that.
I don't think that Tom will be as careful as he should be.
I don't think that Tom will be as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think Tom will be as busy as you think he'll be.
I don't think that Tom will be as busy as you think he'll be.
I don't think that Tom will be as busy as he thinks he'll be.
I don't think that Tom will be arrested.
I don't think that Tom will be angry.
I don't think that Tom will be amused.
I don't think that Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I don't think that Tom will be alone.
I don't think that Tom will be allowed to do that.
I don't think Tom will be allowed to do that today.
I don't think that Tom will be allowed to do that today.
I don't think Tom will be allowed to do that again.
I don't think that Tom will be allowed to do that again.
I don't think that Tom will be afraid.
I don't think that Tom will be absent.
I don't think that Tom will be able to walk for two or three days.
I don't think that Tom will be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to help us.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do what you're asking him to do.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that without some help.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that very well.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that again.
I don't think that Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to convince Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be able come tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will allow you to do that.
I don't think that Tom will allow us to do that.
I don't think that Tom will allow me to do that.
I don't think that Tom will allow Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom will agree.
I don't think that Tom will agree with you.
I don't think that Tom will agree to do that.
I don't think that Tom will actually do that.
I don't think that Tom was wrong.
I don't think that Tom was worried.
I don't think that Tom was very happy.
I don't think Tom was very happy to see me.
I don't think that Tom was very happy to see me.
I don't think that Tom was upset.
I don't think that Tom was unfair.
I don't think that Tom was trying to escape.
I don't think that Tom was truthful.
I don't think that Tom was through doing that.
I don't think that Tom was thirsty.
I don't think that Tom was the first one to do that.
I don't think Tom was the first one here today.
I don't think that Tom was the first one here today.
I don't think that Tom was tempted.
I don't think that Tom was tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom was talking about me.
I don't think that Tom was sympathetic.
I don't think that Tom was supportive enough.
I don't think that Tom was successful.
I don't think that Tom was stubborn.
I don't think that Tom was so busy today.
I don't think that Tom was sleepy.
I don't think that Tom was sincere.
I don't think that Tom was shy.
I don't think that Tom was shocked.
I don't think Tom was shocked when he saw that happening.
I don't think that Tom was shocked when he saw that happening.
I don't think that Tom was serious.
I don't think Tom was serious about that.
I don't think that Tom was serious about that.
I don't think that Tom was scared.
I don't think that Tom was satisfied.
I don't think Tom was satisfied with the results.
I don't think that Tom was satisfied with the results.
I don't think that Tom was right.
I don't think that Tom was respectful enough.
I don't think that Tom was reasonable.
I don't think that Tom was ready.
I don't think that Tom was ready to do that.
I don't think that Tom was present.
I don't think that Tom was present at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom was prepared.
I don't think that Tom was pleased.
I don't think that Tom was particularly pleased to see me.
I don't think that Tom was offended.
I don't think Tom was offended by that.
I don't think that Tom was offended by that.
I don't think that Tom was nervous.
I don't think that Tom was motivated.
I don't think that Tom was motivated to do that.
I don't think that Tom was mistaken.
I don't think Tom was mistaken about that.
I don't think that Tom was mistaken about that.
I don't think that Tom was mad.
I don't think that Tom was lying.
I don't think Tom was lying about that.
I don't think that Tom was lying about that.
I don't think that Tom was listening very carefully.
I don't think that Tom was late.
I don't think that Tom was kidding.
I don't think that Tom was joking.
I don't think Tom was joking about that.
I don't think that Tom was joking about that.
I don't think that Tom was jealous.
I don't think that Tom was involved.
I don't think that Tom was involved in the scandal.
I don't think Tom was involved in that incident.
I don't think that Tom was involved in that incident.
I don't think that Tom was intrigued.
I don't think that Tom was intoxicated.
I don't think that Tom was intimidated.
I don't think that Tom was interested.
I don't think that Tom was interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom was intentionally being disrespectful.
I don't think that Tom was in.
I don't think that Tom was in Boston.
I don't think that Tom was impressed.
I don't think that Tom was hurt.
I don't think that Tom was honest.
I don't think that Tom was home.
I don't think that Tom was home on Monday.
I don't think that Tom was hesitant to do that.
I don't think that Tom was here.
I don't think Tom was here at that time.
I don't think that Tom was here at that time.
I don't think that Tom was helpful.
I don't think that Tom was happy.
I don't think that Tom was frightened.
I don't think Tom was frightened by that.
I don't think that Tom was frightened by that.
I don't think that Tom was first.
I don't think that Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom was fair.
I don't think that Tom was expecting you to do that.
I don't think that Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
I don't think that Tom was expecting you to do that for him.
I don't think that Tom was expecting Mary to do that for him.
I don't think that Tom was exhausted.
I don't think that Tom was excited.
I don't think that Tom was embarrassed.
I don't think that Tom was early.
I don't think that Tom was drunk.
I don't think that Tom was downstairs.
I don't think that Tom was done.
I don't think that Tom was doing that.
I don't think that Tom was disrespectful.
I don't think that Tom was disappointed.
I don't think Tom was disappointed with the results.
I don't think that Tom was disappointed with the results.
I don't think that Tom was determined to do that.
I don't think that Tom was depressed.
I don't think that Tom was curious.
I don't think that Tom was correct.
I don't think that Tom was confused.
I don't think that Tom was careful enough.
I don't think that Tom was busy yesterday.
I don't think that Tom was boring.
I don't think that Tom was bored.
I don't think that Tom was being unfair.
I don't think that Tom was being truthful.
I don't think that Tom was being sincere.
I don't think that Tom was being sarcastic.
I don't think Tom was being honest.
I don't think that Tom was being honest.
I don't think Tom was being fair.
I don't think that Tom was being fair.
I don't think that Tom was barefoot.
I don't think that Tom was awake.
I don't think Tom was at home.
I don't think that Tom was at home.
I don't think that Tom was asleep.
I don't think that Tom was as generous as he should've been.
I don't think Tom was as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom was as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom was annoyed.
I don't think that Tom was angry.
I don't think that Tom was amused.
I don't think that Tom was amused by what was going on.
I don't think that Tom was alone.
I don't think that Tom was afraid.
I don't think that Tom was absent.
I don't think Tom is as shy as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as shy as Mary.
I don't think Tom is as shy as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as shy as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is amused by what's going on.
I don't think Tom intentionally did that.
I don't think that Tom intentionally did that.
I don't think Tom expected you to do that.
I don't think that Tom expected you to do that.
Sami is Layla's trainer.
Sami ordered some stuff and it was on the way.
Sami is going to the post office.
Sami's camera is still on.
Sami's camera was on.
Sami still has some more t-shirt.
Sami ordered something.
Sami saw Layla's last video.
Sami served at a nightclub.
Sami heard about the incident.
Sami's life isn't that interesting.
Sami's life is not that interesting.
Sami was a very Americanized Egyptian guy.
Sami is an Egyptian guy.
Sami's wife worked at the restaurant with him.
Sami was serving during the dinner setting.
Sami doesn't want to say that girl's real name.
Sami is also Egyptian.
Sami wasn't a legal citizen.
Sami's restraurant is closed now.
Sami was the only documented legal citizen working in that facility.
Sami did whatever Layla said.
Sami was an asshole to anybody.
Sami got into the country by marriage.
Sami was the person who trained me.
Sami was my trainer.
Sami was only there for a few days.
Sami took the tip money off the table.
Sami was stealing the tip money.
Sami doesn't know anything about taxes.
Sami has already paid his taxes.
Sami was gullible.
Sami has been working there for a while.
Sami knows this, too.
Sami was gone somewhere.
Sami wanted to buy some more ingredients.
Sami has got a bottle of wine.
Sami kept the bottle of wine in his car.
Sami was drinking wine in his car.
Sami stole a bottle of wine from the restaurant.
Sami put the bottle of wine in his car.
Sami was stealing wine from the restaurant he worked at.
Sami was doing a pretty good job.
Sami was actually doing a pretty good job.
Sami was scared of doing something wrong.
Sami started giggling.
Sami ate Layla's food.
Sami wanted that.
Sami took food off Layla's plate and ate it.
Sami was taking food off Layla's plate.
Sami is six years older than me.
Sami was like fifteen, sixteen.
Sami was alcoholic.
Sami came to work sweating.
Sami stole beer from the restaurant kitchen.
Sami had been drinking.
Sami was drunk as fuck.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that alone.
I don't think Tom wants to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom speaks French as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom speaks French as well as Mary does.
I don't think Tom speaks French as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom speaks French as well as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom should've done that by himself.
I don't think that Tom should've done that alone.
I don't think Tom should've done that by himself.
I don't think Tom should've done that alone.
I don't think that Tom should do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom should do that alone.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom plays the oboe as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom plays the oboe as well as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that alone.
I don't think Tom ought to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom ought to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that alone.
I don't think Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom needs to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that alone.
I don't think Tom needed to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom needed to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom likes doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom likes doing that alone.
I don't think Tom likes doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom likes doing that alone.
I don't think that Tom likes anyone.
I don't think that Tom likes anybody.
I don't think Tom likes anyone.
Sami ate all the food.
I don't think that Tom knows that you were helping me.
I don't think that Tom knows that you have a boyfriend.
I don't think that Tom knows that we're here.
I don't think that Tom knows that we still have a lot to do.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary shouldn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary should do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary knows how to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary has to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom knows that I've never done that before.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm Mary's brother.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm Mary's boyfriend.
I don't think that Tom knows that I still have this.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's supposed to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's not supposed to park there.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's not supposed to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's going to be fired.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's going to be arrested.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't do that here.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows that he has to do that today.
I don't think that Tom liked the song you wrote about him.
I don't think that Tom liked the song that you wrote about him.
I don't think Tom liked the song that you wrote about him.
I don't think that Tom knows you're here.
I don't think that Tom knows that you're here.
I don't think Tom knows that you're here.
I don't think that Tom knows why you did that alone.
I don't think that Tom knows why you did that by yourself.
I don't think Tom knows why you did that alone.
I don't think Tom knows why you did that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought the dress she's wearing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought the dress that she's wearing.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary bought the dress that she's wearing.
I don't think that Tom knows what you're planning to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what you're planning on do.
I don't think Tom knows what you're planning on do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is planning to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is planning on doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what I'm planning to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what I'm planning on doing.
Tom ate all the food that I had stashed.
Sami's wife is here.
Sami is only here during breakfast.
Sami wondered why Layla was there.
Sami noticed that Farid's wife was there.
Sami's wife was there.
Sami's wife was staring at Layla.
Sami is lying as fuck.
Sami collected the tips.
Sami said he didn't know that.
Sami knew about the bottle of wine.
Sami won't do this again.
Sami will fire Layla.
Sami wants to fire Layla.
Sami didn't want to penalize Layla.
Sami came in a little bit later.
Sami is doing his stuff.
Sami can't stop walking.
Sami stole from the restaurant.
Sami stole from Layla's restaurant.
Sami got a call six days later from a number he didn't know.
Sami answered the call and it was Layla.
Sami said that as polite as he could.
Sami isn't Layla's friend. He's her co-worker.
Sami is not Layla's friend. He is her co-worker.
Sami's food tastes like shit.
Sami had hard feelings.
Sami went to an Indian grocery store.
Sami contacted the owner of the restaurant.
Sami stole all of Layla's shit.
Sami stole all of Layla's stuff.
Sami trained Layla to steal.
Sami's camera is trash.
Sami needs a tripod to film this video.
Sami said he saw a ghost.
Sami is wasting time.
Sami has had a paranormal experience.
Sami remembers this story.
Sami used to live in a one-hundred year old house.
Sami talked to himself.
Sami was talking back and forth with a ghost.
Sami doesn't remember seeing anything.
Sami saw some shit in that haunted house.
Sami will never forget that mental image.
Sami isn't talking about that.
Sami is not talking about that.
Sami has apparently got some time to waste.
Sami moved to his sixth apartment in Cairo in 2006.
Sami lives in a really quiet neighborhood.
Sami's neighborhood was relatively new.
Sami isn't part of the story.
Sami cut a hole in the ceiling.
Sami's room was right here.
Sami's bathroom was in the middle.
Sami and Layla were in the living room.
Sami didn't feel OK.
Sami and Layla were sitting in the living room, watching TV.
Sami and Layla were watching TV in the living room.
Sami bust out, laughing.
Sami knew nothing about that.
Sami and Layla were laughing.
Sami saw the cabinet door in the kitchen slam open.
Sami and Layla were shocked.
Sami woke up his mother.
Sami was going to use that rice for dinner.
Sami was going with Layla.
Sami was already so used to that happening.
Sami was already so used to that.
Sami will be more safe there.
Sami will be more safe in his bedroom.
Sami had a laptop at the time.
Sami started smelling soda.
Sami drank dark soda all the time.
Sami's grandfather passed away.
Mennad never had wine in his house.
Sami was trying to warn Layla.
Sami felt like that noise was a warning.
Sami was attracted to this.
Sami never gravitated around wine.
Sami wanted to stay in his room.
Sami walked past the bathroom and didn't notice anything strange.
Sami walked by the bathroom and didn't hear anything.
Sami passed the bathroom door and didn't hear anything weird.
Sami really doesn't know what this is.
Sami looked behind him.
Sami saw a ghost behind him.
Sami turned around and saw a ghost behind him.
Sami's dog pooped in the laundry room.
I don't think that Tom knows there's still work to do.
I don't think that Tom knows that there's still work to do.
I don't think Tom knows that there's still work to do.
I don't think that Tom knows everyone's name yet.
I don't think that Tom knows everybody's name yet.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who's able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone who's able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody who's able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone who can do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who can do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone here.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody here.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone at our school.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody at our school.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who is able to do that.
Sami said that the ghost he saw had the body of a toddler.
Sami was talking about the ghost he saw.
Sami didn't believe in ghosts.
Sami isn't sensitive to things like that.
Sami is not sensitive to things like that.
Sami started selling Layla's body for money.
Sami had a mentally challenged daughter.
Sami started selling the body of his mentally challenged daughter for money.
Sami is a cruel monster.
Sami blurred out Layla's face in the video.
Sami blurred out Layla's name in his video.
Sami met that girl in 2006.
Sami and Layla are really close friends.
Sami was at Layla's house every single day.
Sami and Layla were waiting for the bus together.
Sami lives in this part of Cairo.
Sami lived in a big city.
Sami and Layla didn't see each other often.
Sami's parents worked.
Sami said that both of his parents worked.
Sami moved to Layla's side of town.
Sami has changed a little bit.
Sami and Layla were so close.
Layla got her first girl moment when she was twelve.
Sami was talking about things that Farid didn't do until he was probably seventeen or eighteen.
Sami was talking about girls.
Layla wanted to sneak out and go to a nightclub.
Layla was very boy-crazy.
Sami and Layla stopped chilling.
Layla was already smashing dudes when she was twelve.
Sami hasn't seen Layla in a long time.
Sami isn't going to say his real name.
Sami was trying to fuck everything.
Sami texted Layla in the morning.
Sami should text Layla about this.
Sami sent Layla a picture of Farid.
Layla was not that type of girl to get in any trouble.
Layla wasn't that type of girl to get in any trouble.
Layla got involved with that boy.
Sami just kept talking to Layla.
Sami was mentally challenged.
Sami tried to kidnap a mentally challenged woman.
Sami started selling his daughter's body for money.
Sami was being held hostage for a whole month.
Sami made Layla smoke weed.
Sami would beat Layla every day.
Sami was involved in this event.
Sami's only friend was Farid.
Sami gave Layla food.
Sami was collecting money from the local prostitutes.
Sami was a pimp.
Sami had a sister.
Layla looked very similar to Sami's sister.
Sami was rescued by the police.
Sami was arrested with his girlfriend.
Sami couldn't even count money.
Layla was sold into slavery.
Sami can't count money.
Mennad watched the news.
Sami was in a jumpsuit and handcuffs.
Sami really didn't look remorseful.
Sami knows that Layla is not a bad person.
Sami knows that Layla isn't a bad person.
Sami became so cold and heartless.
Layla was trying to be motherly to Sami's children.
Sami was trying to be motherly to Sami's kids.
Sami deleted his Facebook.
Sami had a mentally challenged sister.
Sami wanted to sell his mentally challenged sister into slavery.
Sami was mentally disabled.
Sami is evil.
Sami has a choice.
Sami had a choice.
Sami kept watching the news.
Sami is still sitting in his cell.
Sami put Layla through much pain and suffering.
Sami was caught smoking weed.
Sami doesn't make up these stories. They are real.
Sami is in this story, too.
Sami made a two-part video about this.
Sami was around sixteen at the time.
Sami has multiple sexual partners.
Sami used to work nights.
Sami snuck out at night.
Sami come home before six in the morning.
Sami was typing something.
Sami has some weed.
Sami is getting in Layla's car.
Sami went to Layla's apartment.
They were right about everything.
Sami went to Layla's apartment to smoke some weed.
Sami was hanging out in Layla's apartment.
Sami didn't want to smoke weed in his apartment.
Sami never kept weed in his apartment.
Sami didn't want to buy weed.
Sami didn't buy weed that night.
Sami drove through Layla's neighborhood.
Sami didn't see any cops.
Sami parked his car in Layla's apartment complex.
Sami parked his car in the parking lot of Layla's apartment complex.
Sami starts giggling every time he smokes weed.
Sami found some weed in Layla's closet.
Sami needed some money to buy weed.
Sami needed money to buy some weed.
Sami gave Layla some money to buy weed.
Sami was looking back at me.
Sami gave Layla money to buy some weed.
Sami started smoking weed at sixteen.
Sami kept smoking weed.
Sami still smokes weed.
Sami smoked weed in front of his children.
Sami was smoking weed and talking.
Sami is smoking weed and drinking.
Sami was smoking weed in his office.
Sami stole Layla's weed.
Sami never gets in trouble.
Sami was smoking weed in the back seat.
Sami was smoking weed in the school bathroom.
Sami is smoking weed in the park.
Sami was tired of that.
Sami saw the cops.
Sami didn't see any cops in the neighborhood.
Sami's license was suspended.
Sami wasn't a big drinker.
Sami was drinking most of the alcohol.
Sami doesn't drink much.
Sami gave his ID to the cop.
Sami was quiet as fuck.
Sami stopped yelling.
Sami asked Layla why she was there.
Sami doesn't have a driver's license yet.
Sami was being quiet.
Sami's mom was in the military.
Sami was being so beligerant.
Sami wanted us to go to jail.
Sami's driver's license is suspended.
Sami came back to the car.
Sami's license is suspended.
Sami shouldn't be here.
How long have you been watching them?
Sami's car was searched.
Sami was next to me.
Sami kept crying.
Sami gave the cop a fake ID.
Sami's ID isn't fake.
Sami was from Egypt.
Sami caught Layla smoking weed.
Sami can't drive now.
Sami can't take his mom's car.
Sami is spending the night here.
Sami has been smoking weed all night.
Sami started yelling at the cop.
Sami got arrested immediately.
Sami just wanted to go home.
Sami wants to smoke a blunt.
Sami drove Layla's car to his house.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's car.
Sami and Layla both looked at Farid.
Sami was scared as fuck.
Sami quit smoking weed.
Sami doesn't want to smoke weed.
Sami never got caught again.
Sami was smoking weed in public places.
Sami was caught smoking weed in a public place.
I need a hair gel dispenser on my belt.
Dont get discouraged!
Sleep cures all.
Sami stole a new car.
Sami's birthday was yesterday.
Sami loves you, guys.
Sami was soo cool.
Sami and Layla chilled.
Sami was live on Facebook.
Some teachers instinctively know how to play favorites to manipulate the other students.
Sami still watches Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami wasn't part of that group.
Sami started talking to Layla's sister.
Sami invited Layla to his sixteenth birthday.
Sami invited Layla to his 16th birthday.
Sami was over there a lot.
Sami and Layla hung out a lot.
Sami wants to invite Layla to his apartment.
Tom's eyebrows are quite bushy.
Sami has an Ford Focus.
Sami and Layla were chilling in his apartment.
Sami has a car.
Sami had a car.
Sami needs to handle this first.
Sami had a friend that worked at that dealership.
Sami and Layla were going to the same high school.
Sami worked at that car dealership.
Sami is a car thief.
Sami is an experienced car thief.
Sami is a professional car thief.
Due to the Norman invasion of England, a large percentage of the English language is actually French.
Sami talked to his manager about that.
Sami was running back and forth.
Sami was sitting in his office.
Sami came over and talked to us.
Sami is taking Layla's car.
Sami can't leave his car here.
Sami's car was at Layla's house.
Sami took his car to the dealership to have it checked.
Sami was stuck in the middle of the desert.
Sami was stranded in the middle of nowhere.
Sami sped off.
Sami has never done this before.
Sami's store closes before six.
Sami walked past the reception.
Sami is having a shitty day.
Sami tried to steal a car from the dealership parking lot.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone who does that.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who does that.
I don't think Tom knows anyone who does that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody who does that.
I don't think that Tom is the person you should be talking to.
I don't think that Tom is the person that you should be talking to.
I don't think Tom is the person that you should be talking to.
I don't think that Tom is as selfish as everyone thinks he is.
I don't think that Tom is as selfish as everybody thinks he is.
I don't think Tom is as selfish as everyone thinks he is.
I don't think Tom is as selfish as everybody thinks he is.
I don't think that Tom is nosy.
I don't think that Tom is nosey.
I don't think Tom is nosey.
I don't think that Tom is as crazy as some people think.
I don't think that Tom is as crazy as some people think he is.
I don't think Tom is as crazy as some people think.
I don't think Tom is as crazy as some people think he is.
I don't think that Tom is as smart as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as smart as Mary is.
I don't think Tom is as smart as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as Mary is.
I don't think Tom is as rich as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as influential as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as influential as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as handsome as John.
I don't think that Tom is as handsome as John is.
I don't think Tom is as handsome as John is.
I don't think that Tom is as good-looking as John.
I don't think that Tom is as good-looking as John is.
I don't think Tom is as good-looking as John is.
I don't think that Tom is as fast as me.
I don't think that Tom is as fast as I am.
I don't think that Tom is as creative as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as creative as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom has as many friends as Mary.
I don't think that Tom has as many friends as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom has anyone to help him.
I don't think that Tom has anybody to help him.
I think Tom has ulterior motives.
I think that Tom has ulterior motives.
I don't think that Tom does that as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom does that as well as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom can play the violin as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom can play the violin as well as Mary can.
Sami walked back into the supermarket.
I don't think Tom can play the violin as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom can play the violin as well as Mary can.
I don't think that this is the one I that lost.
I don't think that this is the one I lost.
I don't think this is the one I that lost.
I don't think that there's anybody who hates Tom.
I don't think that there's anyone who hates Tom.
I don't think there's anybody who hates Tom.
I don't think that there's anybody in the world who's done what I've done.
I don't think that there's anyone in the world who's done what I've done.
I don't think there's anybody in the world who's done what I've done.
I don't think that there's anybody in the classroom.
I don't think that there's anyone in the classroom.
I don't think there's anybody in the classroom.
I don't think that there's anyone there.
I don't think that there's anybody there.
I don't think there's anyone there.
I don't think that there'll be any problem.
I don't think that there will be any problems.
I don't think that there's a doctor here.
I don't think that there is a doctor here.
Sami was still in there.
Sami hit Layla's car on purpose.
Tom is a bipedal great ape and he enjoys drinking various concoctions of fermented grains after his daily time-based enslavement.
Sami's car alarm system is broken.
Sami's car was stolen.
Sami sat in the office with the girls.
Sami was in the room with Layla.
Sami just sat there.
Sami was going to get caught.
Layla picked up her purse and left the room.
Sami saw Layla's car pull up.
Sami slammed the door close.
Sami slammed the car door close.
Sami parked the stolen car in a different neighborhood.
Mennad took the car back to Baya's house.
Sami told Layla to park the car like that.
Sami is experienced at stealing cars.
Sami taught Layla how to steal cars.
Sami doesn't know who stole his car.
Sami was caught trying to steal Layla's car.
Sami returned Layla's car.
Sami stole a car every week.
Dont fool yourself. Grain is grass. Dont waste your money on fodder.
Tom is a Romani manele singer.
Tom likes to curse in Romanian.
Dont use such vulgarity!
I am a Viking.
Do you have a plan B?
We need a plan B.
I doubt it can get any worse.
I doubt that it can get any worse.
I doubt things can get any worse.
I doubt that things can get any worse.
I don't think that many people can say they're satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that many people can say they are satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that it's worth the price you paid for it.
I don't think that it's worth the price that you paid for it.
I don't think it's worth the price you paid for it.
I don't think it's worth the price that you paid for it.
I don't think that it's worth the price they're asking.
I don't think that it's worth the price that they're asking.
I don't think it's worth the price that they're asking.
I don't think that it's just me who thinks that what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think that it's just me who thinks what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think it's just me who thinks that what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think it's just me who thinks what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to convince Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to convince Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to find Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to find Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think it's fair to single Tom out.
I don't think that it's fair to single Tom out.
I don't think that it's fair to single out Tom.
I don't think that it's anyone's fault.
I don't think that it's anybody's fault.
I don't think it's anyone's fault.
I don't think that it's a hard decision.
I don't think that it's a difficult decision.
I don't think that it'll be difficult to for me do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard to for me do that.
I don't think that it'll be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard to do that.
I don't think that it'll be difficult for you to do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard for you to do that.
I don't think that it'll be difficult for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it would be hard to do that.
I don't think that it would be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case.
I don't think that it will rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case.
I don't think that it'll rain this afternoon.
I don't think that it will rain this afternoon.
I don't think that I've made enough spaghetti for everybody.
I don't think that I've made enough spaghetti for everyone.
I don't think I've made enough spaghetti for everybody.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody try it before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone try it before.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody try it before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody try doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone try doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody try doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone try doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody do that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone do that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody do that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone do that before.
Sami bought a wig for sixty dollars.
Layla was in love with that wig.
Layla was obsessed with that wig.
Sami snuck into Layla's house.
Sami doesn't get caught.
Sami never got caught.
Sami is in high school now.
Sami was in high school at the time.
Sami was still in high school at the time.
Sami is still in high school.
Sami didn't give a fuck anymore.
Sami felt so at peace.
Sami didn't care anymore.
Sami and Layla were at the beginning stages of their friendship.
Sami's parents loved Layla.
Sami loved Layla's parents.
Sami was that type of kid.
Sami was always grounded.
Sami was grounded for insignificant reasons.
Sami is often grounded by his parents.
Sami still hasn't done it.
Sami was grounded for a month.
Sami was grounded by something so insignificant.
Sami was grounded by his mom.
Sami got grounded by his stepfather.
Sami gave Layla no privacy.
Sami didn't give any privacy to his daughters.
Sami was always getting grounded for the stupidest shit.
Sami couldn't leave the house. He was grounded.
Sami was grounded.
Sami and Layla were chilling in her house.
Sami started taking pictures for Tumblr.
Sami is taking pictures for Instagram.
Sami doesn't remember what he did.
Sami tried to sneak into Layla's house.
Sami can't come over.
Sami is grounded.
Sami is grounded and can't come over.
Sami can't come over because he is grounded.
Sami can't come over because he's grounded.
Sami was really bored.
Sami had to go home.
Sami and Layla messaged each other.
Sami had a family computer in the living room.
Sami had a laptop in his room.
Sami grounded his daugther for six weeks.
Sami was grounded for six days.
Sami grounded his stepdaughter.
Sami couldn't go to his house.
Sami didn't get grounded.
Sami doesn't let people in his house at all.
Sami didn't let people in his house either.
Sami's mother was very laid-back.
Sami doesn't even remember why he got grounded.
Sami's punishment was really extreme.
Sami threw remote controls at Layla.
Mennad isn't going into Layla's house.
Sami is going to Layla's house.
Sami and Layla were both upstairs.
Sami's living room is downstairs.
Sami was downstairs as well.
Sami had a big bedroom upstairs.
Sami's twins slept in this room.
Sami's twins slept in the big room.
Sami heard the front door unlock.
Sami and Layla both got silent and looked at each other.
Sami was caught in Layla's house.
Sami got caught in Layla's house.
Sami will tell another story after this one.
Sami got in the closet.
Sami hid in Layla's closet.
Sami got into the closet.
Sami hid himself behind the clothes in Layla's closet.
Sami hid Layla in his closet.
Sami was going downstairs.
Sami was moving downstairs.
Sami ruined the trust between Layla and Farid.
Sami's mom was six years younger than my mom.
Sami doesn't like Layla's family.
Sami was in a romantic relationship with Layla.
Sami fucked up the trust between Layla and Farid.
Sami smelt shoes.
Sami was sweating in that closet.
Sami came in the closet.
Sami spent the night, hidden in the closet.
Sami is going to get Layla out of there.
Sami was trying to get Layla out of there.
Sami found Layla hiding in his closet.
Mennad snuck in people's houses.
Sami is calling your mom.
Sami opened the back door.
Sami just kept running.
Sami ran down the stairs.
Sami's room was open.
Sami opened the patio door.
Sami's back door is open.
Sami's door made a strange noise.
Sami was opening the door.
Sami started tiptoeing down the stairs.
Sami tiptoed down the stairs.
Sami ran out that back door.
Sami ran his ass home.
Sami ran out the door.
Sami was nobody's brother.
Sami didn't get caught that time.
Sami got caught that time.
Sami has only been friends with Layla for six months.
Sami was in the house the whole time.
Sami smoked weed in Layla's room.
I don't think I've ever met anybody like you.
I don't think that I've ever met anyone like you.
I don't think that I've ever met anybody like you.
I don't think I've ever hated anybody so much.
I don't think that I've ever hated anyone so much.
I don't think that I've ever hated anybody so much.
I don't think that I've bought everything that I need.
I don't think that I've bought everything I need.
I don't think I've bought everything that I need.
I don't think I'm the person that you're looking for.
I don't think that I'm the person you're looking for.
I don't think that I'm the person that you're looking for.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that by alone.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that by alone.
I don't think I should've left before Tom.
I don't think that I should've left before Tom did.
I don't think that I should've left before Tom.
I don't think I should've left before Tom did.
I think Tom likes strawberry ice cream.
I think that Tom likes strawberry ice cream.
I think Tom always wears a helmet when he rides his motorcycle.
I think that Tom always wears a helmet when he rides his motorcycle.
I don't think that it's necessary for me to sound like a native speaker. I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't think that I'll ever sound like a native speaker and I don't really think I need to.
I don't think it was fair for Tom to get paid while the rest of us worked for free.
I don't think that it was fair for Tom to get paid while the rest of us worked for free.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I don't think that there's going to be any food left by the time we get to Tom's party.
I don't think Tom will know whether he can do that or not until he tries doing it.
I don't think that Tom will know whether he can do that or not until he tries doing it.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants to buy with the money her father gave her.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to buy with the money her father gave her.
I don't think that Tom is the only one who doesn't have enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't think that I'll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much I try.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to paint his house.
I don't think it's a very good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think that it's a very good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to get his car painted.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to get his car painted.
I don't think that it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella with me, just in case.
I don't think that it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella just in case it does.
I don't think Tom knows how much it'll cost to stay in Boston for a week.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost to stay in Boston for a week.
I don't think Tom knows how many hours it'll take him to drive to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows how many hours it'll take him to drive to Boston.
I don't think Tom is the type of person who would do something like that.
I don't think that Tom is the type of person who would do something like that.
I don't think that I've ever heard either Tom or Mary complain about anything.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to reroof his house.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to reroof his house.
I don't think that I'll be able to translate this document without your help.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to get a visa.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to get a visa.
I don't think I'll be lonely anymore, now that you're all here with me.
I don't think that I'll be lonely anymore, now that you're all here with me.
I don't think that the gun is loaded, but you should still be very careful.
I don't think many people can say they're satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that it's a good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think that it really matters who does this as long as it gets done.
I don't think it really matters who does that as long as it gets done.
I don't think that it really matters who does that as long as it gets done.
I don't think that Tom really has enough time to finish writing the report.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think it's a very good idea for you to go Boston by yourself.
I don't think that it's a very good idea for you to go Boston by yourself.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary needs to do the day after tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary needs to do the day after tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried about what Tom might do.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried about what Tom might do.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that it would take more than minutes to clean your room.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm planning on doing that next weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm planning on doing that next weekend.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to do that.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I don't think that I want to answer any more of your questions right now.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this matter with you.
I don't think there's any need for Tom to come to the office today.
I don't think that there's any need for Tom to come to the office today.
I don't think that Tom wanted to show us the pictures on his smartphone.
I don't think Tom realizes how long we've spent doing that already.
I don't think that Tom realizes how long we've spent doing that already.
I don't think Tom knows how many hours he's going to have to wait.
I don't think that Tom knows how many hours he's going to have to wait.
I don't think that I'll have enough time to do everything I want to do.
I don't think that there's any way I can get this report done on time.
I don't think that married people should have secrets from each other.
I don't think it's a very good idea for you to hang out with Tom.
I don't think that it's a very good idea for you to hang out with Tom.
I don't think it's a coincidence that Tom and Mary are both here.
I don't think that it's a coincidence that Tom and Mary are both here.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary worked when she was in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary worked when she was in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants to do tomorrow afternoon.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to do tomorrow afternoon.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary thinks he should do about that.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary thinks he should do about that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can speak French better than he can.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can speak French better than he can.
I don't think that Tom has time today to do everything he needs to do.
I don't think that I'd be interested in buying any of Tom's paintings.
I don't think that I should tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom needs to do that today.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom needs to do that today.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this at this time.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this at this time.
I don't think there's any harm in telling you about what we did.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you about what we did.
I don't think that it's a good idea for you to go Boston by yourself.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is going to do this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is going to do this afternoon.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I don't think Tom knows how much money was stolen from the safe.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money was stolen from the safe.
I don't think that Tom is the only one who had to go to the hospital.
I don't think Tom is going to get fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom is going to get fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom has been doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom complain about Mary's cooking.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain about Mary's cooking.
I don't think I'm going to be able to do that without some help.
I don't think that I'm going to be able to do that without some help.
I don't think that this old car will make it to the top of the hill.
I don't think there's any way I can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this any further.
I don't think my ex-girlfriend and I'd ever start dating again.
I don't think that my ex-girlfriend and I'd ever start dating again.
I don't think it's important for Tom to attend today's meeting.
I don't think that it's important for Tom to attend today's meeting.
I don't think it's going to be hard to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think it's going to be hard to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think it's going to be easy to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think it would be a smart idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that it would be a smart idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think Tom knows how long it's going to take to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how long it's going to take to do that.
I don't think Tom knows for certain when Mary will be arriving.
I don't think that Tom knows for certain when Mary will be arriving.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to do that.
I don't think Tom is strong enough to lift that box by himself.
I don't think that Tom is strong enough to lift that box by himself.
I don't think Mary will be happy living with her mother-in-law.
I don't think that Mary will be happy living with her mother-in-law.
I don't think that I'll be able to make myself understood in French.
I don't think there's any way I can do that without your help.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that without your help.
I don't think there's any way I can do that without some help.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that without some help.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom has to do that today.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom has to do that today.
I don't think it would be a smart idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think that it would be a smart idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think it would be a good idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that it would be a good idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think Tom likes living in Boston as much as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom likes living in Boston as much as Mary does.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is supposed to be doing now.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to be doing now.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary and John are fighting about.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary and John are fighting about.
I don't think Tom knows what I want him to do for me tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want him to do for me tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows how long he'll have to stay in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows how long he'll have to stay in Boston.
I don't think that Tom is the right person for this particular job.
I don't think that I'll be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think I'd ever be able to do that as fast as Tom does.
I don't think that I'd ever be able to do that as fast as Tom does.
I don't think that I'd be able to forgive Tom if he did that to me.
I don't think I can translate this document without your help.
I don't think that I can translate this document without your help.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this right now.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this right now.
I don't think that there's any need for Tom to attend the meeting.
I don't think it'll take very long to do that if you help me.
I don't think that it'll take very long to do that if you help me.
I don't think it'll be possible to do that without some help.
I don't think that it'll be possible to do that without some help.
I don't think it would be safe for Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think that it would be safe for Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think it would be a good idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think that it would be a good idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom should drive home since he's been drinking.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing today.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing today.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is supposed to do tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to do tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has to do tomorrow morning.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do tomorrow morning.
I don't think Tom knows that he's not supposed to park there.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he'll be doing tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he'll be doing tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has time to buy everything he needs to buy.
I don't think that Tom has any friends who like mountain climbing.
I don't think that I've ever met anybody who knows how to do that.
I don't think that I've ever heard you complain about the weather.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain about the weather.
I don't think I'll likely do that if you don't do it with me.
I don't think that I'll likely do that if you don't do it with me.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that outside in the winter.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that outside in the winter.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this with Tom.
I don't think that there's any need for me to attend the meeting.
I don't think there's any harm in telling you what happened.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you what happened.
I don't think that it's a good idea for you to hang out with Tom.
I don't think it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case.
I don't think that Tom lied to us, but I know Mary thinks he did.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go next weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go next weekend.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary expects him to do for her.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary expects him to do for her.
I don't think Tom knows how much it'll cost to go to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost to go to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows for certain when Mary will get here.
I don't think that Tom is going to want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you eat his piece of cake.
I don't think Tom has enough time to write the report today.
I don't think that Tom has enough time to write the report today.
I don't think Tom has any idea what Mary has to do tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary has to do tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever played tennis together.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever gone swimming together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever gone swimming together.
I don't think that I've ever met anyone who knows how to do that.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what you've asked me to do.
I don't think there's any harm in telling you what Tom did.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you what Tom did.
I don't think Tom really has time to help you this morning.
I don't think that Tom really has time to help you this morning.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is planning on doing that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary has to do that by herself.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has to do that by herself.
I don't think Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing now.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing now.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to buy for her.
I don't think Tom knows for certain when Mary will do that.
I don't think that Tom knows for certain when Mary will do that.
I don't think Tom is interested in going to Boston with us.
I don't think that Tom is interested in going to Boston with us.
I don't think that Tom is as wealthy as most people think he is.
I don't think that I've ever been this close to falling in love.
I don't think I'm drunk enough to enjoy this kind of music.
I don't think that I'm drunk enough to enjoy this kind of music.
I don't think I'll be able to do what I wanted to do today.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what I wanted to do today.
I don't think this is how we're supposed to be doing this.
I don't think that this is how we're supposed to be doing this.
I don't think that this is an appropriate time to discuss this.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom needs to do that.
I don't think that it's safe to go out in this kind of weather.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think Tom realizes how well Mary can speak French.
I don't think that Tom realizes how well Mary can speak French.
I don't think that Tom realizes how long it'll take to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is doing that by herself.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is doing that by herself.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary went to the concert with.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to be doing.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is going to do tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is going to do tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows how much it'll cost to get a visa.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost to get a visa.
I don't think Tom knows how long he'll be in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows how long he'll be in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he ought to be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he ought to be doing.
I don't think that Tom is the type of person who would do that.
I don't think that I've ever heard you complain about anything.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain about anything.
I don't think that I'll be able to finish doing this by myself.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this today.
I don't think that it's possible to do this without some help.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to convince Tom.
I don't think it'll take very long to paint your bicycle.
I don't think that it'll take very long to paint your bicycle.
I don't think it'll take long for us to paint this fence.
I don't think that it'll take long for us to paint this fence.
I don't think it'll take long for me to fix that for you.
I don't think that it'll take long for me to fix that for you.
I don't think that Tom wants to spend any more time in Boston.
I don't think that Tom really enjoys playing tennis with Mary.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary has to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to help Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help Mary do that.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to do that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary usually goes swimming.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary usually goes shopping.
I don't think that Tom could've done that without Mary's help.
I don't think Tom can deal with the situation by himself.
I don't think that Tom can deal with the situation by himself.
I don't think Tom and Mary will get married anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will get married anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are ever going to get married.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what Tom wants me to do.
I don't think that I would have ever said what you say I said.
I don't think that this is the time or place to discuss this.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom has to do that.
I don't think that there is any way I can win this triathlon.
I don't think that our French teacher is a very good teacher.
I don't think it's a very good idea to do that with Tom.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that with Tom.
I don't think that it'll be too long before we see Tom again.
I don't think that it would work as well as you might expect.
I don't think Tom should've let Mary do that by herself.
I don't think that Tom should've let Mary do that by herself.
I don't think that Tom really knows how to do that very well.
I don't think Tom realizes just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think that Tom realizes just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think that Tom realized just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary dropped out of college.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to help him do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help him do that.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to do that with him.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that with him.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary can do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go swimming.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go swimming.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary learned how to drive.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will leave for Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows what the homework assignment is.
I don't think that Tom knows the reason Mary is absent today.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary wants to do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows how to cook sweet and sour pork.
I don't think that Tom knows how to cook sweet and sour pork.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly when Mary will get home.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he should be doing.
I don't think Tom knows as much about this as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom knows as much about this as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom is tall enough to reach the top shelf.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as most people think he is.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have finished doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever done that together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary go swimming together anymore.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are ever going to be friends.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried about that.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried about that.
I don't think I'm going to be able to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'm going to be able to do that by myself.
I don't think I'll have time to help you this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll have time to help you this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll go out today because it's quite cold.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what you want me to do.
I don't think that I understand why Tom is trying to do that.
I don't think that it's safe to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think it would be wise to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that it was fair for Tom to get all the money.
I don't think Tom should've let Mary do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom should've let Mary do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom really plans on doing that this week.
I don't think Tom really meant what he said about Mary.
I don't think that Tom really meant what he said about Mary.
I don't think Tom really meant to do that this morning.
I don't think that Tom really meant to do that this morning.
I don't think Tom really has to do that this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that this afternoon.
I don't think Tom really enjoyed doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really enjoyed doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary has been ignoring him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has been ignoring him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary dropped out of school.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary and John are fighting.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to do that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary likes dogs or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is thirsty or not.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go fishing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go fishing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary usually goes skiing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought her computer.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary got back from Boston.
I don't think Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary would like him to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary will do this evening.
Sami has been working on the YouTube video for six days.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary will do this evening.
Layla wore six different outfits for the video.
Sami worked in that department.
Sami always burps when he's filming a video of himself.
Sami is burping.
Sami had another cousin named Layla.
Layla is super sweet.
Sami rode a city bus.
Sami can go to work.
Sami is going to work.
Sami needs a car to survive in this city.
Sami always bothers Layla to drive him to work.
Sami doesn't want to bother Layla to drive him to work.
Layla was looking gorgeous.
Sami needed his own car.
Sami and Layla rode the bus together.
Sami worked working that shift.
Sami hated that late shift.
Sami hates early shifts.
Sami was super exhausted.
Sami and Layla have the same schedule.
Sami clocked in six minutes after Layla.
Sami made himself a coffee.
Sami's office didn't have a cafeteria.
Sami ate some cheese.
Sami never eats turkey.
Sami was drenched head to toe.
Sami lives in a small ghost town with a bunch of junkies.
Sami took his shoes off in the office.
Sami was looking at Farid.
Sami took his socks off.
Sami took his socks off in front of everybody.
I don't think that I'll win.
I don't think that I'll cry.
I don't think that I'm fat.
I don't think that I snore.
I don't think that Tom has enough time to do that.
I don't think that Tom has as many stamps as I do.
I don't think that Tom has any plans for tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has any idea where Mary is.
I don't think that Tom ever gets anywhere on time.
I don't think that Tom ever considered doing that.
I don't think that Tom enjoys hanging out with us.
I don't think that Tom can help you do that today.
I don't think that Tom can hear what we're saying.
I don't think I've forgotten to buy anything.
I don't think that I've forgotten to buy anything.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried.
I don't think that I'll make it to school on time.
I don't think that I'll have to do that by myself.
I don't think I'll go to Australia this year.
I don't think that I'll go to Australia this year.
I don't think that I'll be in my office on Monday.
I don't think that I'll be at home this afternoon.
I don't think I'd let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think that I'd let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that again.
I don't think I want to study French anymore.
I don't think that I want to study French anymore.
I don't think I want to know what Tom thinks.
I don't think that I want to know what Tom thinks.
I don't think I should've done that with Tom.
I don't think that I should've done that with Tom.
I don't think that they're who they say they are.
I don't think that they're capable of doing that.
I don't think that they'll permit you to do that.
I don't think that they'll permit Tom to do that.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that.
I don't think that it's smart for you to do that.
I don't think that it's silly for you to do that.
I don't think it's good for Tom to go alone.
I don't think that it's good for Tom to go alone.
I don't think that it'll be that easy to do that.
I don't think that it would be unsafe to do that.
I don't think that it would be stupid to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom wants any help doing that.
I don't think that Tom wants any help doing that.
I don't think Tom should do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really meant what he said.
I don't think that Tom really enjoyed doing that.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about that.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about that.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about Mary.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about Mary.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that outside.
I don't think that Tom likes hanging out with us.
I don't think Tom likes chocolate ice cream.
I don't think that Tom likes chocolate ice cream.
I don't think that Tom liked your song very much.
I don't think that Tom knows you as well as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary was crying.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary isn't here.
I don't think that Tom knows who built his house.
I don't think that Tom knows who baked this cake.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is going.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary has gone.
I don't think Tom knows what you want to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what you want to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do.
I don't think Tom knows the whole truth yet.
I don't think that Tom knows the whole truth yet.
I don't think that Tom knows my telephone number.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried you are.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how to ride a horse.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about this.
I don't think Tom knows all the details yet.
I don't think that Tom knows all the details yet.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary didn't do that.
I don't think Tom is through doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom is through doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom is the philosophical type.
I don't think that Tom is the one who needs help.
I don't think that Tom is planning on helping us.
I don't think that Tom is going to need our help.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that again.
I don't think that Tom is cut out to be a lawyer.
I don't think that Tom is coming back here today.
I don't think Tom heard me calling his name.
I don't think that Tom heard me calling his name.
I don't think that Tom has time to do that today.
I don't think Tom has sold anything all day.
I don't think that Tom has sold anything all day.
I don't think that Tom has ever seen this before.
I don't think that Tom has ever had a girlfriend.
I don't think that Tom has ever done that before.
I don't think that Tom has ever been here before.
I don't think that Tom has ever been a bartender.
I don't think that Tom has as much money as I do.
I don't think that Tom got much sleep last night.
I don't think Tom feels the same way you do.
I don't think that Tom feels the same way you do.
I don't think that Tom could handle the pressure.
I don't think that Tom could get Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy any car.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will get married.
I don't think I've forgotten to do anything.
I don't think that I've forgotten to do anything.
I don't think that I've ever done that by myself.
I don't think I'm going to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'm going to do that with Tom.
I don't think I'll likely do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll likely do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll be needing anything else.
I don't think that I'll be in Boston next winter.
I don't think that I'll be able to sleep tonight.
I don't think that I'll be able to pass the test.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that today.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that again.
I don't think I'd like to live in Australia.
I don't think that I'd like to live in Australia.
I don't think I'd like to be married to Tom.
I don't think that I'd like to be married to Tom.
I don't think I'd like doing that by myself.
I don't think that I'd like doing that by myself.
I don't think I'd like being married to Tom.
I don't think that I'd like being married to Tom.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't think that this is what you think it is.
I don't think that this is going to be much fun.
I don't think that this is exactly what we need.
I don't think that this is any of your business.
I don't think that this armchair is comfortable.
I don't think that they'll permit me to do that.
I don't think that they'll allow you to do that.
I don't think that they'll allow Tom to do that.
I don't think that there should be any problems.
I don't think that the roses will bloom so soon.
I don't think that it's wise for you to do that.
I don't think that it's safe to go out at night.
I don't think that it's safe for you to do that.
I don't think that it's safe for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's likely to rain tomorrow.
I don't think that it's anything to worry about.
I don't think that it's anything to laugh about.
I don't think it'll take long wash the car.
I don't think that it'll take long wash the car.
I don't think that it'll be possible to do that.
I don't think that it'll be easy for me do that.
I don't think that it would be wrong to do that.
I don't think that it would be risky to do that.
I don't think that it would be legal to do that.
I don't think that it would be cheap to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to talk about Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to see you anymore.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom should go back to Boston.
I don't think Tom said anything about that.
I don't think that Tom said anything about that.
I don't think that Tom really wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that.
I don't think that Tom really enjoys doing that.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary was fired.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is scared.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is crying.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary does that.
I don't think Tom knows where you did that.
I don't think that Tom knows where you did that.
I don't think that Tom knows where his keys are.
I don't think that Tom knows where he should be.
I don't think that Tom knows what's in this box.
I don't think that Tom knows what he has to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has done.
I don't think Tom knows what I want to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows much about sailing.
I don't think that Tom knows much about fishing.
I don't think that Tom knows how to use an iron.
I don't think that Tom knows how to drive a car.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about horses.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about Boston.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't do that.
I don't think that Tom is still married to Mary.
I don't think that Tom is particularly handsome.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to give it back.
I don't think that Tom is determined to do that.
I don't think that Tom is capable of doing that.
I don't think Tom is being very reasonable.
I don't think that Tom is being very reasonable.
I don't think that Tom is as stupid as he looks.
I don't think that Tom has to go anywhere today.
I don't think Tom has to decide that today.
I don't think that Tom has to decide that today.
I don't think that Tom has to decide right away.
I don't think that Tom has to apologize to Mary.
I don't think Tom has ever been happy here.
I don't think that Tom has ever been happy here.
I don't think Tom has broken any rules yet.
I don't think that Tom has broken any rules yet.
I don't think that Tom has any ulterior motives.
I don't think that Tom has any plans for Monday.
I don't think that Tom can take care of himself.
I don't think that Tom and Mary know each other.
I don't think that Mary would leave her husband.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom complain.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain.
I don't think that I've ever been so frightened.
I don't think that I'm ready for a relationship.
I don't think that I'm going to like this party.
I don't think I'm going to like doing that.
I don't think that I'm going to like doing that.
I don't think I'm going to like being here.
I don't think that I'm going to like being here.
I don't think that I'm going to do that anymore.
I don't think I'll likely do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll likely do that with Tom.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to do that.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that.
I don't think that I'll be doing that by myself.
I don't think that I'll be able to eat all this.
I don't think that I'll be able to convince Tom.
I don't think I'd make a very good teacher.
I don't think that I'd make a very good teacher.
I don't think I'd like to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd like to do that with Tom.
I don't think I'd like living in Australia.
I don't think that I'd like living in Australia.
I don't think I'd like doing that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd like doing that with Tom.
I don't think that I would've gone there by car.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that you.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that you.
I don't think that I want to go rowing with Tom.
I don't think I should've done that inside.
I don't think that I should've done that inside.
I don't think I need to be here any longer.
I don't think that I need to be here any longer.
I don't think that they'll allow me to do that.
I don't think that they would've done anything.
I don't think that there's much to worry about.
I don't think that there's anything in the box.
I don't think there's any way out of here.
I don't think that there's any way out of here.
I don't think that there is any way I can help.
I don't think that the post office is open yet.
I don't think that post offices are open today.
I don't think that my life is very interesting.
I don't think that it's a good idea to do that.
I don't think it'll take long to fix that.
I don't think that it'll take long to fix that.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that.
I don't think that it would be safe to do that.
I don't think that it would be rude to do that.
I don't think that it would be easy to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that either.
I don't think Tom wanted to do that alone.
I don't think Tom trusts very many people.
I don't think that Tom trusts very many people.
I don't think Tom should go outside today.
I don't think that Tom should go outside today.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom really plans to do that.
I don't think that Tom really meant to do that.
I don't think that Tom really has time to help.
I don't think that Tom ought to have done that.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that inside.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that either.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about me.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about me.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that either.
I don't think that Tom lives in Boston anymore.
I don't think Tom likes spinach very much.
I don't think that Tom likes spinach very much.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is now.
I don't think that Tom knows what to do either.
I don't think that Tom knows what he'll do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary will do.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want to do.
I don't think that Tom knows much about sports.
I don't think that Tom knows all the rules yet.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is in Boston.
I don't think that Tom is reluctant to do that.
I don't think that Tom is ready to do that yet.
I don't think that Tom is qualified to do that.
I don't think that Tom is permitted to do that.
I don't think that Tom is obligated to do that.
I don't think that Tom is motivated to do that.
I don't think Tom is interested in sports.
I don't think that Tom is interested in sports.
I don't think that Tom is good enough for Mary.
I don't think Tom is doing that right now.
I don't think that Tom is doing that right now.
I don't think that Tom is desperate to do that.
I don't think that Tom is coming to our rescue.
I don't think that Tom is back from Boston yet.
I don't think that Tom has to be here tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has much longer to live.
I don't think that Tom has everything he wants.
I don't think that Tom has everything he needs.
I don't think Tom has ever visited Boston.
I don't think that Tom has ever visited Boston.
I don't think Tom has ever talked to Mary.
I don't think that Tom has ever talked to Mary.
I don't think that Tom has ever studied French.
I don't think that Tom has ever been to Boston.
I don't think that Tom has anything in his bag.
I don't think that Tom has a steady girlfriend.
I don't think that Tom did what you say he did.
I don't think that Tom did what he said he did.
I don't think Tom could hear Mary singing.
I don't think that Tom could hear Mary singing.
I don't think that Tom can walk without a cane.
I don't think Tom can play golf very well.
I don't think that Tom can play golf very well.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy a car.
I don't think that I've ever seen you so upset.
I don't think that I've ever seen you so happy.
I don't think I'll go to Boston this year.
I don't think that I'll go to Boston this year.
I don't think that I'll be in Boston next week.
I don't think that I'll be doing that with Tom.
I don't think I'd make a very good father.
I don't think that I'd make a very good father.
I don't think that I'd ever be able to do that.
I don't think that I want to do that right now.
I don't think I want to do that by myself.
I don't think that I want to do that by myself.
I don't think this makes very much sense.
I don't think that this makes very much sense.
I don't think that there's anything we can do.
I don't think that there's any way I can help.
I don't think that it's Tom who's the problem.
I don't think it'll take long to do that.
I don't think that it'll take long to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to see you again.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that again.
I don't think that Tom wanted to say anything.
I don't think that Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom should go there by car.
I don't think that Tom should do that outside.
I don't think that Tom should do that anymore.
I don't think Tom saw what we were doing.
I don't think that Tom saw what we were doing.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that again.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that today.
I don't think that Tom needs much help at all.
I don't think that Tom needed to talk so loud.
I don't think that Tom knows why you did that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is here.
I don't think Tom knows who he can trust.
I don't think that Tom knows who he can trust.
I don't think Tom knows what's happening.
I don't think that Tom knows what's happening.
I don't think that Tom knows what you've done.
I don't think that Tom knows how you did that.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried I am.
I don't think that Tom knows how to tie a tie.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play golf.
I don't think that Tom knows how sick Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how rich Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can't drive.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't drive.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can do that.
I don't think that Tom is very good at skiing.
I don't think that Tom is prepared to do that.
I don't think that Tom is planning to help us.
I don't think Tom is older than he looks.
I don't think that Tom is older than he looks.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to drive.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to drink.
I don't think Tom is interested in opera.
I don't think that Tom is interested in opera.
I don't think that Tom is good enough for you.
I don't think Tom is free this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom is free this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom is finished doing that.
I don't think Tom is being very truthful.
I don't think that Tom is being very truthful.
I don't think that Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I don't think that Tom has to work on Mondays.
I don't think that Tom has to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom has a driver's license.
I don't think that Tom expected me to do that.
I don't think that Tom even knows where he is.
I don't think that Tom did that intentionally.
I don't think Tom cares why you did that.
I don't think that Tom cares why you did that.
I don't think that Tom can do that by himself.
I don't think that Mary is as pretty as Alice.
I don't think I've ever seen you so busy.
I don't think that I've ever seen you so busy.
I don't think that I've ever seen you do that.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom do that.
I don't think that I've ever been here before.
I don't think that I'm needed here any longer.
I don't think I'm going to see Tom today.
I don't think that I'm going to see Tom today.
I don't think I'm going to do that today.
I don't think that I'm going to do that today.
I don't think that I'm going to do that again.
I don't think that I'll permit Tom to do that.
I don't think I'll need to do that today.
I don't think that I'll need to do that today.
I don't think I'll need to do that again.
I don't think that I'll need to do that again.
I don't think that I'll make it to your party.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that today.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that today.
I don't think I'll have to do that today.
I don't think that I'll have to do that today.
I don't think that I'll get any sleep tonight.
I don't think I'll ever understand women.
I don't think that I'll ever understand women.
I don't think that I'll ever get used to this.
I don't think that I'll be doing that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that.
I don't think that I'll be able come tomorrow.
I don't think I'd like to live in Boston.
I don't think that I'd like to live in Boston.
I don't think that I'd like doing that at all.
I don't think that I'd ever want to live here.
I don't think I'd ever do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd ever do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd enjoy living in Boston.
I don't think I would do that after dark.
I don't think that I would do that after dark.
I don't think that I want to go there anymore.
I don't think that I want to do that with you.
I don't think that I want to do that with Tom.
I don't think I should trust Tom anymore.
I don't think that I should trust Tom anymore.
I don't think that this will be enough money.
I don't think that this was such a good idea.
I don't think that this movie is interesting.
I don't think that this is the best solution.
I don't think that this is going to work out.
I don't think that this is going to help any.
I don't think that the weather will clear up.
I don't think that it's wise to do that here.
I don't think that it's necessary to do that.
I don't think that it's any of your business.
I don't think that it'll snow this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom wants to sing with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that here.
I don't think that Tom should do that either.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that.
I don't think Tom ought to do that here.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that here.
I don't think Tom misses Mary very much.
I don't think that Tom misses Mary very much.
I don't think that Tom knows why you're here.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went.
I don't think that Tom knows what's in there.
I don't think that Tom knows what's going on.
I don't think that Tom knows what time it is.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants.
I don't think Tom knows that we're here.
I don't think that Tom knows how to have fun.
I don't think that Tom knows how lucky he is.
I don't think Tom knows any details yet.
I don't think that Tom knows any details yet.
I don't think that Tom is trying hard enough.
I don't think that Tom is through doing that.
I don't think that Tom is tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to get fired.
I don't think that Tom is competitive enough.
I don't think that Tom is being very helpful.
I don't think Tom is as old as he looks.
I don't think that Tom is as old as he looks.
I don't think that Tom is allowed to do that.
I don't think that Tom has what he wants yet.
I don't think that Tom has very many options.
I don't think that Tom has very many friends.
I don't think that Tom has very long to live.
I don't think that Tom has to do that either.
I don't think that Tom has many weekends off.
I don't think that Tom has many friends here.
I don't think that Tom has ever been in love.
I don't think that Tom has any classes today.
I don't think that Tom has a graduate degree.
I don't think that Tom has a criminal record.
I don't think Tom cares where he sleeps.
I don't think that Tom cares where he sleeps.
I don't think that Tom can understand French.
I don't think that Tom can help us with this.
I don't think Tom bought anything today.
I don't think that Tom bought anything today.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are divorced.
I don't think that I've seen you here before.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom laugh.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom laugh.
I don't think that I've ever been this happy.
I don't think that I'm drunk enough for this.
I don't think that I'm cut out to be captain.
I don't think that I'm cut out for city life.
I don't think that I'll need to say anything.
I don't think I'll likely do that today.
I don't think that I'll likely do that today.
I don't think that I'll have time to do that.
I don't think that I'll allow Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd permit Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd mind doing this again.
I don't think I'd mind doing that again.
I don't think that I'd mind doing that again.
I don't think I'd like living in Boston.
I don't think that I'd like living in Boston.
I don't think I'd ever do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd ever do that with Tom.
I don't think I would do that by myself.
I don't think that I would do that by myself.
I don't think that I want to see Tom anymore.
I don't think I should've left so early.
I don't think that I should've left so early.
I don't think I should help you do that.
I don't think that I should help you do that.
I don't think this stain will come out.
I don't think that this stain will come out.
I don't think that this is such a good idea.
I don't think that this is helping anything.
I don't think that this is a very good idea.
I don't think things can get any worse.
I don't think that things can get any worse.
I don't think that there's any life on Mars.
I don't think that it's wise to do that now.
I don't think that it's up to you to decide.
I don't think that it's too late to do that.
I don't think that it's possible to do this.
I don't think that it's possible to do that.
I don't think that it's going to rain today.
I don't think that it'll be easy to do that.
I don't think it matters who does that.
I don't think that it matters who does that.
I don't think Tom will be back by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be back by 2:30.
I don't think Tom wants to leave today.
I don't think that Tom wants to leave today.
I don't think that Tom wants to eat with us.
I don't think that Tom wanted us to do that.
I don't think that Tom should've left early.
I don't think that Tom should worry so much.
I don't think Tom should do that alone.
I don't think that Tom should do that again.
I don't think Tom should be here today.
I don't think that Tom should be here today.
I don't think that Tom really wants to know.
I don't think that Tom needs very much help.
I don't think that Tom likes Mary very much.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm scared.
I don't think that Tom knows much about art.
I don't think that Tom knows about this yet.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary very well.
I don't think that Tom is telling the truth.
I don't think that Tom has too many friends.
I don't think that Tom has to do that again.
I don't think that Tom has to come tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has one of these yet.
I don't think that Tom has his phone on him.
I don't think that Tom has health insurance.
I don't think that Tom has broken any rules.
I don't think that Tom has a microwave oven.
I don't think that Tom has a girlfriend now.
I don't think that Tom ever used to do that.
I don't think that Tom ever really loved me.
I don't think Tom even has an umbrella.
I don't think that Tom even has an umbrella.
I don't think that Tom does that very often.
I don't think that Tom did anything with it.
I don't think that Tom can speak any French.
I don't think that Tom can play the trumpet.
I don't think that Tom can handle the truth.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are related.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are married.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are engaged.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom smile.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom smile.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom sing.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom sing.
I don't think that I've ever eaten dog meat.
I don't think that I've ever been this busy.
I don't think that I've done anything wrong.
I don't think that I'm permitted to do that.
I don't think that I'll tell Tom about this.
I don't think that I'll be doing that again.
I don't think I'll be able to fix that.
I don't think that I'll be able to fix that.
I don't think that I'd make a very good spy.
I don't think that I'd like you as a friend.
I don't think that I'd be very good company.
I don't think that I'd allow Tom to do that.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that.
I don't think I would do that with Tom.
I don't think that I would do that with Tom.
I don't think that I should let you do that.
I don't think that this is such a big deal.
I don't think that this food is fit to eat.
I don't think that there was any harm done.
I don't think it's up to us to decide.
I don't think that it's up to us to decide.
I don't think that it's such a big problem.
I don't think that it's any of my business.
I don't think that it would be a good idea.
I don't think Tom would understand it.
I don't think that Tom would understand it.
I don't think that Tom told Mary the truth.
I don't think that Tom should've done that.
I don't think Tom needs any more help.
I don't think that Tom needs any more help.
I don't think that Tom needs any more hats.
I don't think that Tom needs a new bicycle.
I don't think that Tom likes you very much.
I don't think that Tom knows why he's here.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows what you want.
I don't think that Tom knows what he wants.
I don't think that Tom knows the truth yet.
I don't think that Tom knows the rules yet.
I don't think that Tom knows how bad it is.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary died.
I don't think that Tom knows his neighbors.
I don't think that Tom knows all the rules.
I don't think that Tom knows French at all.
I don't think that Tom is smarter than you.
I don't think that Tom is going to make it.
I don't think that Tom is going to help us.
I don't think that Tom is going to hear us.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here.
I don't think that Tom is being reasonable.
I don't think that Tom is ambitious enough.
I don't think that Tom is Mary's boyfriend.
I don't think that Tom intended to do that.
I don't think Tom helped Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom helped Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom has to work anymore.
I don't think that Tom has to say anything.
I don't think that Tom has to pay anything.
I don't think that Tom has to decide today.
I don't think that Tom has passed away yet.
I don't think that Tom has much experience.
I don't think that Tom has flood insurance.
I don't think that Tom has a full-time job.
I don't think that Tom ever talked to Mary.
I don't think that Tom enjoyed the concert.
I don't think that Tom did that on purpose.
I don't think that Tom can wait any longer.
I don't think Tom can help us do that.
I don't think that Tom can help us do that.
I don't think Tom ate anything at all.
I don't think that Tom ate anything at all.
I don't think that I've forgotten anything.
I don't think that I'm allowed to help you.
I don't think that I'll need too much help.
I don't think that I'll need any more help.
I don't think that I'll ever see Tom again.
I don't think that I'll ever do that again.
I don't think that I'll ever be happy here.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that.
I don't think that I'd have fun doing that.
I don't think that I was aggressive enough.
I don't think that I want to talk about it.
I don't think that I want to see Tom again.
I don't think that I want to eat right now.
I don't think that I want to do that today.
I don't think I want to do that here.
I don't think that I want to do that here.
I don't think that I should really do that.
I don't think I can go swimming today.
I don't think that I can go swimming today.
I don't think that this weather will hold.
I don't think that this is Tom's umbrella.
I don't think that they'll let me do that.
I don't think that there's anything there.
I don't think that it's safe to swim here.
I don't think that it's my decision alone.
I don't think that it's going to work out.
I don't think that it's a problem anymore.
I don't think that Tom trusts many people.
I don't think that Tom told Mary anything.
I don't think Tom meant what he said.
I don't think that Tom meant what he said.
I don't think Tom made that story up.
I don't think that Tom made that story up.
I don't think that Tom likes me very much.
I don't think that Tom knows how to drive.
I don't think that Tom knows how to dance.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is here.
I don't think Tom is married anymore.
I don't think that Tom is married anymore.
I don't think that Tom is listening to me.
I don't think that Tom is home on Mondays.
I don't think that Tom is happy right now.
I don't think that Tom is going to resign.
I don't think that Tom is going to Boston.
I don't think that Tom is fit for the job.
I don't think that Tom is being sarcastic.
I don't think that Tom is being realistic.
I don't think Tom is alone right now.
I don't think that Tom is alone right now.
I don't think that Tom is able to do that.
I don't think that Tom has to go in there.
I don't think that Tom has much free time.
I don't think that Tom has any money left.
I don't think that Tom has any experience.
I don't think that Tom has any bad habits.
I don't think that Tom has a lot of money.
I don't think that Tom feels the same way.
I don't think that Tom expected me to win.
I don't think that Tom ever could do that.
I don't think that Tom even knows my name.
I don't think that Tom enjoyed doing that.
I don't think that Tom did that correctly.
I don't think that Tom did anything wrong.
I don't think that Tom could've done that.
I don't think that Tom could ever do that.
I don't think that Tom can really do that.
I don't think that Tom can hear very well.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom cry.
I don't think that I've ever been happier.
I don't think that I'm ready to leave yet.
I don't think that I'm likely to be fired.
I don't think that I'm being unreasonable.
I don't think that I'm as creative as Tom.
I don't think that I'm allowed to do that.
I don't think that I'll play tennis today.
I don't think that I'll go to Tom's party.
I don't think that I'll get there on time.
I don't think I'll do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll be busy next week.
I don't think that I'll be able to fix it.
I don't think that I'd be able to do that.
I don't think I want to study French.
I don't think that I want to study French.
I don't think that I should've left early.
I don't think that I should let you drive.
I don't think that this rain will let up.
I don't think that this makes much sense.
I don't think that this is the right one.
I don't think that this is how it's done.
I don't think that this is a coincidence.
I don't think that there is life on Mars.
I don't think that the zoo is open today.
I don't think that people should do that.
I don't think that it's going to be easy.
I don't think that it's a very good idea.
I don't think that it'll be hot tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom wants to see Mary.
I don't think Tom usually does that.
I don't think that Tom usually does that.
I don't think that Tom tried hard enough.
I don't think that Tom took us seriously.
I don't think Tom saw us doing that.
I don't think that Tom saw us doing that.
I don't think that Tom needs a bodyguard.
I don't think that Tom lives around here.
I don't think that Tom likes living here.
I don't think that Tom liked the concert.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows where he is.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want.
I don't think that Tom knows the details.
I don't think that Tom knows how to cook.
I don't think that Tom is very assertive.
I don't think that Tom is going anywhere.
I don't think that Tom is claustrophobic.
I don't think that Tom is careful enough.
I don't think that Tom is being truthful.
I don't think that Tom is active anymore.
I don't think that Tom has to work today.
I don't think that Tom has done that yet.
I don't think that Tom has been disloyal.
I don't think that Tom enjoys doing that.
I don't think that Tom enjoys being here.
I don't think Tom enjoyed the movie.
I don't think that Tom enjoyed the movie.
I don't think that Tom does that anymore.
I don't think Tom cares what you do.
I don't think that Tom cares what you do.
I don't think Tom can help us today.
I don't think that Tom can help us today.
I don't think that Tom can do that today.
I don't think that Tom can be left alone.
I don't think that Tom agreed to do that.
I don't think that I've ever lied to Tom.
I don't think that I'll ever get married.
I don't think that I'll ever be forgiven.
I don't think I'll do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be here tomorrow.
I don't think that I'd ever eat dog meat.
I don't think that I want to do that now.
I don't think that I should've done that.
I don't think that this makes any sense.
I don't think that the bank is open yet.
I don't think that so, but I'm not sure.
I don't think that it's such a big deal.
I don't think that it's such a bad idea.
I don't think it's a hard decision.
I don't think that it's a good decision.
I don't think that it'll be any problem.
I don't think that it can get any worse.
I don't think that Tom wants to see you.
I don't think that Tom misses Mary much.
I don't think that Tom meant to do that.
I don't think that Tom likes to do that.
I don't think that Tom likes doing that.
I don't think that Tom knew Mary either.
I don't think that Tom is very talented.
I don't think that Tom is very reliable.
I don't think that Tom is uncomfortable.
I don't think that Tom is schizophrenic.
I don't think that Tom is being sincere.
I don't think Tom is angry anymore.
I don't think that Tom is angry anymore.
I don't think Tom is afraid of you.
I don't think that Tom is afraid of you.
I don't think that Tom has met Mary yet.
I don't think that Tom has any children.
I don't think that Tom has a girlfriend.
I don't think that Tom did that tonight.
I don't think Tom cares what we do.
I don't think that Tom cares what we do.
I don't think Tom cares about that.
I don't think that Tom cares about that.
I don't think Tom cared about that.
I don't think that Tom cared about that.
I don't think that Tom can teach French.
I don't think Tom can help you now.
I don't think that Tom can help you now.
I don't think that I've seen you before.
I don't think that I've got much choice.
I don't think that I've ever hugged Tom.
I don't think that I've changed so much.
I don't think that I've broken any laws.
I don't think that I'm going to see Tom.
I don't think that I'm going to make it.
I don't think that I'm going to do that.
I don't think that I'll need to do that.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that.
I don't think I'll have to do that.
I don't think that I'll have to do that.
I don't think that I'll ever understand.
I don't think that I'll do that anymore.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that.
I don't think I would do that here.
I don't think that I would do that here.
I don't think that this is working out.
I don't think that this is a good idea.
I don't think that they're coming back.
I don't think that prices will go down.
I don't think that it'll snow tomorrow.
I don't think that it was Tom and Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to see me.
I don't think that Tom still does that.
I don't think that Tom liked the movie.
I don't think Tom lied about that.
I don't think that Tom lied about that.
I don't think Tom is still single.
I don't think that Tom is still single.
I don't think Tom is still asleep.
I don't think that Tom is still asleep.
I don't think that Tom is going to win.
I don't think that Tom is disorganized.
I don't think that Tom is disappointed.
I don't think that Tom is conservative.
I don't think that Tom is being honest.
I don't think that Tom is ambidextrous.
I don't think Tom is absent today.
I don't think that Tom is absent today.
I don't think that Tom has any friends.
I don't think that Tom has any enemies.
I don't think Tom has an umbrella.
I don't think that Tom has an umbrella.
I don't think that Tom enjoys swimming.
I don't think Tom cares very much.
I don't think that Tom cares very much.
I don't think Tom can help us now.
I don't think that Tom can help us now.
I don't think that Tom bought anything.
I don't think that Tom agrees with you.
I don't think that I'm ready to go yet.
I don't think that I'm going to resign.
I don't think that I'll pass this exam.
I don't think that I'll likely do that.
I don't think that I'll get in trouble.
I don't think I'll dance with Tom.
I don't think that I'll dance with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be able to win.
I don't think that I'd like to do that.
I don't think that I'd like doing that.
I don't think that I'd let Tom do that.
I don't think that I'd change anything.
I don't think this is very funny.
I don't think that this is very funny.
I don't think that things will change.
I don't think that they're bad people.
I don't think that it's really broken.
I don't think that it's going to hurt.
I don't think that it's even possible.
I don't think that it's a coincidence.
I don't think that it's a big problem.
I don't think that it was an accident.
I don't think that it was Tom's fault.
I don't think that Tom wants to leave.
I don't think that Tom wants any help.
I don't think that Tom told the truth.
I don't think that Tom should be here.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry.
I don't think that Tom needs our help.
I don't think that Tom needs any help.
I don't think that Tom likes swimming.
I don't think that Tom likes baseball.
I don't think that Tom knows anything.
I don't think that Tom killed himself.
I don't think that Tom killed anybody.
I don't think that Tom is very bright.
I don't think that Tom is trustworthy.
I don't think that Tom is through yet.
I don't think that Tom is sympathetic.
I don't think that Tom is still alive.
I don't think that Tom is retired yet.
I don't think that Tom is replaceable.
I don't think that Tom is intoxicated.
I don't think that Tom is intimidated.
I don't think that Tom is interesting.
I don't think that Tom is intelligent.
I don't think that Tom is incompetent.
I don't think that Tom is heartbroken.
I don't think that Tom is embarrassed.
I don't think that Tom is discouraged.
I don't think that Tom is coming back.
I don't think that Tom is charismatic.
I don't think that Tom is adventurous.
I don't think that Tom had to do that.
I don't think that Tom ever does that.
I don't think that Tom enjoys bowling.
I don't think that Tom drank anything.
I don't think that Tom did that right.
I don't think that I'm unapproachable.
I don't think I'm ready to leave.
I don't think that I'm ready to leave.
I don't think that I'll go to college.
I don't think I'll ever meet Tom.
I don't think that I'll ever meet Tom.
I don't think that I'll do that today.
I don't think that I'll do that again.
I don't think that I'll be doing that.
I don't think that I should trust Tom.
I don't think that this is realistic.
I don't think that this is necessary.
I don't think that this is a setback.
I don't think that this is a problem.
I don't think that this is Tom's hat.
I don't think that there's a problem.
I don't think that my life is boring.
I don't think that it's weird at all.
I don't think that it's just a stunt.
I don't think that it's funny at all.
I don't think that it means anything.
I don't think that Tom understood me.
I don't think that Tom speaks French.
I don't think that Tom sold anything.
I don't think that Tom said anything.
I don't think that Tom recognized me.
I don't think that Tom likes to swim.
I don't think that Tom likes spinach.
I don't think that Tom is very lucky.
I don't think that Tom is unfriendly.
I don't think that Tom is unemployed.
I don't think that Tom is suspicious.
I don't think that Tom is successful.
I don't think that Tom is so strange.
I don't think that Tom is prejudiced.
I don't think that Tom is overweight.
I don't think that Tom is optimistic.
I don't think that Tom is interested.
I don't think that Tom is happy here.
I don't think that Tom is going away.
I don't think that Tom is frightened.
I don't think that Tom is downstairs.
I don't think that Tom is doing that.
I don't think that Tom is disgusting.
I don't think that Tom is dependable.
I don't think that Tom is colorblind.
I don't think that Tom is busy today.
I don't think Tom is asleep yet.
I don't think that Tom is asleep yet.
I don't think Tom is asleep now.
I don't think that Tom is asleep now.
I don't think that Tom is aggressive.
I don't think Tom is a Canadian.
I don't think that Tom is a Canadian.
I don't think that Tom has a brother.
I don't think that Tom enjoys hiking.
I don't think that Tom could do that.
I don't think that Tom can hear Mary.
I don't think that Mary is beautiful.
I don't think that I've slept enough.
I don't think that I've ever met Tom.
I don't think that I'm uninteresting.
I don't think that I'm unimaginative.
I don't think that I'm overemotional.
I don't think that I'm narrow-minded.
I don't think that I'm materialistic.
I don't think that I'll go to Boston.
I don't think that I'll ever do that.
I don't think that I'll do that here.
I don't think that I was disobedient.
I don't think that I want to do that.
I don't think that I want to be here.
I don't think that I should tell you.
I don't think that I should help you.
I don't think that this makes sense.
I don't think that they're teachers.
I don't think they believed us.
I don't think that they believed us.
I don't think that it's fair at all.
I don't think that it's a good idea.
I don't think that it's a bad thing.
I don't think that it's Tom's fault.
I don't think that it'll get better.
I don't think that it'll be too hot.
I don't think that it would be fair.
I don't think that it was a mistake.
I don't think that Tom likes to ski.
I don't think that Tom is unmarried.
I don't think that Tom is satisfied.
I don't think that Tom is ready yet.
I don't think that Tom is qualified.
I don't think that Tom is organized.
I don't think that Tom is obstinate.
I don't think that Tom is miserable.
I don't think that Tom is listening.
I don't think that Tom is irritated.
I don't think that Tom is impressed.
I don't think that Tom is dishonest.
I don't think that Tom is desperate.
I don't think that Tom is depressed.
I don't think that Tom is dangerous.
I don't think that Tom is conscious.
I don't think that Tom is confident.
I don't think that Tom is concerned.
I don't think that Tom is conceited.
I don't think that Tom is competent.
I don't think that Tom is committed.
I don't think that Tom is breathing.
I don't think that Tom is bilingual.
I don't think Tom is awake yet.
I don't think that Tom is awake yet.
I don't think that Tom is available.
I don't think that Tom is a bad guy.
I don't think that Tom is a bad boy.
I don't think that Tom has died yet.
I don't think that Tom did anything.
I don't think that Tom can help you.
I don't think that Tom ate anything.
I don't think that I'm overreacting.
I don't think that I'll get the job.
I don't think that I'll ever retire.
I don't think that I'll do that now.
I don't think that I'd ever do that.
I don't think that I understand you.
I don't think that this is working.
I don't think that this is for you.
I don't think that they've seen us.
I don't think that they're married.
I don't think that they dislike me.
I don't think that they believe us.
I don't think that my life is easy.
I don't think that it's your fault.
I don't think it's very funny.
I don't think that it's very funny.
I don't think it's so strange.
I don't think that it's so strange.
I don't think that it's reasonable.
I don't think that it's odd at all.
I don't think that it's impossible.
I don't think that it's convincing.
I don't think that it's a big deal.
I don't think that it's a bad idea.
I don't think that it'll take long.
I don't think that it was my fault.
I don't think that Tom wants to go.
I don't think that Tom understands.
I don't think that Tom trusts Mary.
I don't think that Tom should sing.
I don't think that Tom kissed Mary.
I don't think that Tom killed Mary.
I don't think that Tom is ticklish.
I don't think that Tom is thrilled.
I don't think that Tom is stubborn.
I don't think that Tom is reliable.
I don't think that Tom is prepared.
I don't think that Tom is mistaken.
I don't think that Tom is involved.
I don't think that Tom is innocent.
I don't think that Tom is homesick.
I don't think that Tom is homeless.
I don't think that Tom is friendly.
I don't think that Tom is finished.
I don't think that Tom is divorced.
I don't think that Tom is diabetic.
I don't think that Tom is confused.
I don't think that Tom is careless.
I don't think that Tom is busy now.
I don't think that Tom is bluffing.
I don't think that Tom is barefoot.
I don't think that Tom is autistic.
I don't think that Tom is at fault.
I don't think that Tom is arrogant.
I don't think that Tom is annoying.
I don't think that Tom is Canadian.
I don't think that Tom helped Mary.
I don't think that Tom even saw me.
I don't think Tom can help us.
I don't think that Tom can help us.
I don't think that Tom can hear us.
I don't think that Tom can hear me.
I don't think that Tom believed us.
I don't think that Tom believed me.
I don't think that I'm the problem.
I don't think that I'm introverted.
I don't think that I'm a bad loser.
I don't think that I'd like Boston.
I don't think that I would do that.
I don't think that this is enough.
I don't think that it's important.
I don't think that it's dangerous.
I don't think that it's a problem.
I don't think that it'll work out.
I don't think that it ever worked.
I don't think that Tom understood.
I don't think that Tom made it up.
I don't think that Tom lives here.
I don't think that Tom likes Mary.
I don't think that Tom left early.
I don't think that Tom is worried.
I don't think that Tom is unlucky.
I don't think that Tom is thirsty.
I don't think that Tom is strange.
I don't think that Tom is serious.
I don't think that Tom is selfish.
I don't think that Tom is retired.
I don't think that Tom is pleased.
I don't think that Tom is outside.
I don't think that Tom is nervous.
I don't think that Tom is jealous.
I don't think that Tom is engaged.
I don't think that Tom is dressed.
I don't think that Tom is devious.
I don't think that Tom is correct.
I don't think that Tom is bipolar.
I don't think that Tom is annoyed.
I don't think that Tom is adopted.
I don't think that Tom is a loser.
I don't think that Tom heard Mary.
I don't think that Mary is pretty.
I don't think that I'm very petty.
I don't think that I'm very funny.
I don't think that I'm unbeatable.
I don't think that I'll be scared.
I don't think that I'll be lonely.
I don't think that I was followed.
I don't think that I want to know.
I don't think that this is right.
I don't think that this is funny.
I don't think that they liked me.
I don't think that they heard us.
I don't think that they did this.
I don't think that it's worth it.
I don't think that it's possible.
I don't think it's over yet.
I don't think that it's over yet.
I don't think that it's my fault.
I don't think that it'll be easy.
I don't think that it ever works.
I don't think that it affects us.
I don't think that Tom shot Mary.
I don't think that Tom likes you.
I don't think that Tom is stupid.
I don't think that Tom is strong.
I don't think that Tom is strict.
I don't think that Tom is stingy.
I don't think that Tom is sneaky.
I don't think that Tom is sleepy.
I don't think that Tom is skinny.
I don't think that Tom is single.
I don't think that Tom is scared.
I don't think that Tom is normal.
I don't think that Tom is lonely.
I don't think that Tom is insane.
I don't think that Tom is guilty.
I don't think that Tom is greedy.
I don't think that Tom is crying.
I don't think that Tom is coming.
I don't think that Tom is boring.
I don't think that Tom is asleep.
I don't think that Tom is afraid.
I don't think that Tom is absent.
I don't think that Tom heard you.
I don't think that Tom hates you.
I don't think that Tom has a car.
I don't think that Tom eats pork.
I don't think that Tom does that.
I don't think that Tom can dance.
I don't think that I've mellowed.
I don't think that I'll go today.
I don't think that I'll be early.
I don't think that I'll be bored.
I don't think that I'll be alone.
I don't think that this is real.
I don't think that they're safe.
I don't think that they need me.
I don't think that they like me.
I don't think that it's too bad.
I don't think that it's strange.
I don't think that it's serious.
I don't think that it's just me.
I don't think that it's a trick.
I don't think that it's a trend.
I don't think that Tom suffered.
I don't think that Tom meant it.
I don't think that Tom likes me.
I don't think that Tom likes it.
I don't think that Tom is wrong.
I don't think that Tom is weird.
I don't think that Tom is upset.
I don't think that Tom is tough.
I don't think that Tom is timid.
I don't think that Tom is ready.
I don't think that Tom is pushy.
I don't think that Tom is lying.
I don't think that Tom is lucky.
I don't think that Tom is funny.
I don't think that Tom is drunk.
I don't think that Tom is crazy.
I don't think that Tom is broke.
I don't think that Tom is brave.
I don't think that Tom is bossy.
I don't think that Tom is bored.
I don't think that Tom is blind.
I don't think that Tom is awake.
I don't think that Tom is angry.
I don't think that Tom is alone.
I don't think that Tom is alive.
I don't think that Tom heard me.
I don't think that Tom did this.
I don't think that Tom can wait.
I don't think that I'm stubborn.
I don't think that I'm neurotic.
I don't think that I'm immature.
I don't think that I'm handsome.
I don't think that I'll make it.
I don't think that I'll do that.
I don't think that I'll be late.
I don't think that I'll be cold.
I don't think that I'd kiss Tom.
I don't think that I want to go.
I don't think that I understand.
I don't think that it's a wolf.
I don't think that it was fair.
I don't think that it mattered.
I don't think that Tom is well.
I don't think that Tom is weak.
I don't think that Tom is ugly.
I don't think that Tom is sure.
I don't think that Tom is slow.
I don't think that Tom is safe.
I don't think that Tom is rich.
I don't think that Tom is nuts.
I don't think that Tom is nice.
I don't think that Tom is next.
I don't think that Tom is mean.
I don't think that Tom is lost.
I don't think that Tom is lazy.
I don't think that Tom is hurt.
I don't think that Tom is home.
I don't think that Tom is high.
I don't think that Tom is free.
I don't think that Tom is done.
I don't think that Tom is dead.
I don't think that Tom is cute.
I don't think that Tom is cool.
I don't think that Tom is cold.
I don't think that Tom is back.
I don't think that Tom can win.
I don't think that I'll change.
I don't think that I'd like it.
I don't think that it's right.
I don't think that it's funny.
I don't think that it'll work.
I don't think that it'll snow.
I don't think that it'll rain.
I don't think that it matters.
I don't think that Tom saw us.
I don't think that Tom is shy.
I don't think that Tom is sad.
I don't think that Tom is old.
I don't think that Tom is mad.
I don't think that Tom is fat.
I don't think that Tom did it.
I don't think that I'm biased.
I don't think that I'll dance.
I don't think that I'd fit in.
I don't think that it's true.
I don't think that it's time.
I don't think that it's over.
I don't think that it's good.
I don't think that it's fair.
I don't think that it's cold.
I don't think that Tom is up.
I don't think that Tom is in.
I don't think that Tom cares.
I don't think that Tom cared.
I don't think that I'm wrong.
I don't think that I'm alone.
I don't think that I'll lose.
I don't think that it's odd.
I don't think that it's Tom.
I don't think that it helps.
I don't think that Tom lied.
I don't think Tom knows that we still have a lot to do.
I don't think Tom knows that he's going to be arrested.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't do that here.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary likes apple pie or not.
I don't think Tom knows how worried you are about that.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried you are about that.
I don't think that Tom knows how long the meeting will last.
I don't think Tom knows any of Mary's Canadian friends.
I don't think that Tom knows any of Mary's Canadian friends.
I don't think that Tom is good-looking, but he's a nice guy.
I don't think Tom is going to let you do that with him.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you do that with him.
I don't think Tom is as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom is as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think Tom has the strength to do that nowadays.
I don't think that Tom has the strength to do that nowadays.
I don't think Tom has any idea what he should be doing.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what he should be doing.
I don't think Tom had to do that, but he did it anyway.
I don't think that Tom had to do that, but he did it anyway.
I don't think that Tom could've done that without some help.
I don't think that Tom can convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will ever get back together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever traveled together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever kissed each other.
I don't think that Tom actually did his homework by himself.
I don't think that Mary is as beautiful as her older sister.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried about Tom.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried about Tom.
I don't think I'll have time to help you do that today.
I don't think that I'll have time to help you do that today.
I don't think that I'll be ready to do that until next year.
I don't think I'll be as early tomorrow as I was today.
I don't think that I'll be as early tomorrow as I was today.
I don't think that I'll be able to talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think that I'll be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I don't think that I'll be able to finish the job by myself.
I don't think that I'd be able to do that without your help.
I don't think that this is anything you'd be interested in.
I don't think that this is an unreasonable request to make.
I don't think that these guys really want to hear Tom sing.
I don't think that there's any way I can get there on time.
I don't think there's any way I can do that by myself.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that by myself.
I don't think that television will take the place of books.
I don't think it'll take very long to do that for you.
I don't think that it'll take very long to do that for you.
I don't think it would be wise to do that by yourself.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that by yourself.
I don't think Tom would be willing to lend us his car.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to lend us his car.
I don't think Tom understood what we wanted him to do.
I don't think that Tom understood what we wanted him to do.
I don't think Tom studied very much for the last test.
I don't think that Tom studied very much for the last test.
I don't think Tom should go out by himself after dark.
I don't think that Tom should go out by himself after dark.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom really enjoys doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really enjoys doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom needed to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think that Tom loves Mary as much as she loves him.
I don't think that Tom knows why the meeting was postponed.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary went to the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is scared of his dog.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is scared of his dog.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is afraid of his dog.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid of his dog.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary and John are arguing.
I don't think that Tom knows who can do that and who can't.
I don't think that Tom knows whether he can do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows where he should be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows where he should be doing that.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go skiing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go skiing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought her bicycle.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's gotten himself into.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary thinks he should do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has to do on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do on Monday.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has to do in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows the reason why Mary is absent.
I don't think that Tom knows the man who's talking to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows how much the ticket will cost.
I don't think Tom knows how long that's going to take.
I don't think that Tom knows how long that's going to take.
I don't think that Tom knows how he's going to do that yet.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what needs to be done.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he has to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he has to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary won't be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who'd do that.
I don't think Tom is finished writing that report yet.
I don't think that Tom is finished writing that report yet.
I don't think that Tom is feeling very well this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom has very much experience doing that.
I don't think Tom has the strength to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom has the strength to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom has gotten around to doing that yet.
I don't think that I'm the only one here who speaks French.
I don't think that I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd be able to do that without any help.
I don't think that this sentence is grammatically correct.
I don't think there's any way I can help you do that.
I don't think that there's any way I can help you do that.
I don't think there should be any problem doing that.
I don't think that there should be any problem doing that.
I don't think there is any excuse for Tom's behavior.
I don't think that there is any excuse for Tom's behavior.
I don't think that the weather will clear up anytime soon.
I don't think that it was what we did that made Tom angry.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that this morning.
I don't think that Tom realizes how difficult this job is.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wasn't at his party.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is tired or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary can swim or not.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary put her suitcases.
I don't think Tom knows what movie you want to watch.
I don't think that Tom knows what movie you want to watch.
I don't think that Tom knows what it's like to be in love.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is doing right now.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing right now.
I don't think Tom knows what I want him to do for me.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want him to do for me.
I don't think Tom knows that he has to do that today.
I don't think Tom knows how to safely use a chainsaw.
I don't think that Tom knows how to safely use a chainsaw.
I don't think Tom knows how good a guitarist Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a guitarist Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can't understand French.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't understand French.
I don't think that Tom is going to study French next year.
I don't think Tom has any idea what needs to be done.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what needs to be done.
I don't think that Tom can do what you've asked him to do.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy the car he wants.
I don't think that Tom and Mary like each other very much.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I don't think I've ever seen you do that by yourself.
I don't think that I've ever seen you do that by yourself.
I don't think that I've ever heard you play guitar before.
I don't think that I'll stay until the end of the concert.
I don't think I'll ever be able to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to do that by myself.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd mind eating Chinese food every day.
I don't think I'd like to do that with Tom by myself.
I don't think that I'd like to do that with Tom by myself.
I don't think that this kind of cheese is very expensive.
I don't think that this is going to be a problem anymore.
I don't think this is enough food to feed all of us.
I don't think that this is enough food to feed all of us.
I don't think that this city is as safe as it used to be.
I don't think that the pain will ever completely go away.
I don't think it's going to be hard to convince Tom.
I don't think it's going to be easy to convince Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to convince Tom.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to do that.
I don't think it's as important as Tom thinks it is.
I don't think that it's as important as Tom thinks it is.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that here.
I don't think Tom wanted Mary to do that by herself.
I don't think that Tom wanted Mary to do that by herself.
I don't think Tom should've left as early as he did.
I don't think that Tom should've left as early as he did.
I don't think that Tom should be the captain of our team.
I don't think that Tom really plans to do that this week.
I don't think Tom really meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom really meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom really likes doing that very much.
I don't think Tom needs to tell Mary how to do that.
I don't think that Tom needs to tell Mary how to do that.
I don't think Tom needs to show Mary how to do that.
I don't think that Tom needs to show Mary how to do that.
I don't think that Tom likes you as much as you like him.
I don't think Tom likes living here as much as I do.
I don't think that Tom likes living here as much as I do.
I don't think that Tom likes doing this as much as we do.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wants him to leave.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary did that on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary did that on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is busy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will visit Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will leave Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of person Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary expects him to do.
I don't think Tom knows that he's going to be fired.
I don't think Tom knows how worried I am about that.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried I am about that.
I don't think that Tom knows how to do the breast stroke.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary managed to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he ought to do.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what has to be done.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost.
I don't think that Tom knows as many people here as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows about those kinds of things.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about classical music.
I don't think that Tom is the one who needs to apologize.
I don't think Tom is going to need our help anymore.
I don't think that Tom is going to need our help anymore.
I don't think Tom is as stubborn as you think he is.
I don't think that Tom is as stubborn as you think he is.
I don't think Tom is as strange as Mary said he was.
I don't think that Tom is as strange as Mary said he was.
I don't think that Tom has the time to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom has ever seen one of these before.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to buy a new car.
I don't think Tom bought anything at the mall today.
I don't think that Tom bought anything at the mall today.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom do that by himself.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom do that by himself.
I don't think that I'll ever sound like a native speaker.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be in my office tomorrow morning.
I don't think that I'll be able to visit you next Monday.
I don't think I'll be able to get there before 2:30.
I don't think that I'll be able to get there before 2:30.
I don't think that I'll be able to get in there with Tom.
I don't think that I would've had the courage to do that.
I don't think that I understand what Tom is trying to do.
I don't think that this is the best time to talk to Tom.
I don't think that this is the best time for us to talk.
I don't think this is enough food for three people.
I don't think that this is enough food for three people.
I don't think that they actually get much of a discount.
I don't think that these are Tom's and Mary's umbrellas.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this.
I don't think that there is any need for you to explain.
I don't think that it's anything we need to worry about.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that now.
I don't think it would be wise to do that with Tom.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that with Tom.
I don't think Tom wants to talk to Mary about that.
I don't think that Tom wants to talk to Mary about that.
I don't think Tom really wants to know what we did.
I don't think that Tom really wants to know what we did.
I don't think Tom really has time to do that today.
I don't think that Tom really has time to do that today.
I don't think that Tom knows why you want me to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like dogs.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary called the police.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary expects from him.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary did last weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary did last weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows much about classical music.
I don't think that Tom knows as much about this as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary isn't very happy here.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can understand French.
I don't think Tom is the right person for this job.
I don't think that Tom is the right person for this job.
I don't think that Tom is the one who wrote this report.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of guy who'd do that.
I don't think that Tom is in the mood to work right now.
I don't think that Tom is going to be a problem anymore.
I don't think Tom is as lazy as people think he is.
I don't think that Tom is as lazy as people think he is.
I don't think that Tom has what it takes to be the boss.
I don't think that Tom has studied French for very long.
I don't think that Tom has met either of Mary's sisters.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what should be done.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what has to be done.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary has to do.
I don't think that Tom has any friends who speak French.
I don't think that Tom has any friends here except Mary.
I don't think that Tom has a lot of teaching experience.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have anything in common.
I don't think that Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I don't think I've ever seen you this happy before.
I don't think that I've ever seen you this happy before.
I don't think that I've ever seen you this drunk before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anything so beautiful.
I don't think that I'm hungry enough to eat all of this.
I don't think that I'm ever going to be able to do that.
I don't think that I'll have the time to help you today.
I don't think I'll ever be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think that I'll ever be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be able to pass the examination.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what I want to do.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what I need to do.
I don't think I'll allow Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think that I'll allow Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think this is how we should be doing this.
I don't think that this is how we should be doing this.
I don't think that this is as funny as you think it is.
I don't think that they expected us to arrive so early.
I don't think there's any way I can do that today.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that today.
I don't think there's any need for Tom to do that.
I don't think that there's any need for Tom to do that.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you now.
I don't think it's just me who disagrees with Tom.
I don't think that it's just me who disagrees with Tom.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to find Tom.
I don't think it'll take long to paint this fence.
I don't think that it'll take long to paint this fence.
I don't think it'll take long to fix that for you.
I don't think that it'll take long to fix that for you.
I don't think that it would be safe for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it would be a smart idea to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't think Tom understood what he needed to do.
I don't think that Tom understood what he needed to do.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom really has to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary isn't here today.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is scared of him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid of him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't eat meat.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm scared to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm scared to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows whether to do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary went on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary studies French.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary studied French.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary parked the car.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary parked her car.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary graduated from.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary goes to school.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's going to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is trying to do.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about Australia.
I don't think Tom knows that you have a boyfriend.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm Mary's boyfriend.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the saxophone.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money was stolen.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money Mary makes.
I don't think Tom knows how good a lawyer Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a lawyer Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows how good a dancer Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a dancer Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he should do.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he has to do.
I don't think that Tom knows either Mary or her sister.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about folk music.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can play the bassoon.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can play the bassoon.
I don't think that Tom is the right person for the job.
I don't think that Tom is saying what he really thinks.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you leave early.
I don't think that Tom is aware of his own limitations.
I don't think Tom has what it takes to be teacher.
I don't think that Tom has what it takes to be teacher.
I don't think that Tom has very many friends in Boston.
I don't think that Tom has to worry about Mary anymore.
I don't think that Tom has to tell Mary how to do that.
I don't think that Tom has to go to school next Monday.
I don't think that Tom has to get up so early tomorrow.
I don't think Tom has to get up as early tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has to get up as early tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has much experience in teaching.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary is doing.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary has done.
I don't think that Tom could hear what you were saying.
I don't think that Tom could do that without some help.
I don't think that Tom can do that without Mary's help.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have to work on Monday.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are brother and sister.
I don't think I've ever seen you this busy before.
I don't think that I've ever seen you this busy before.
I don't think that I've ever made any serious mistakes.
I don't think that I've ever heard of anyone named Tom.
I don't think that I'll have the time to do that today.
I don't think that I'll be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I should tell Tom what I have to do.
I don't think that this rain will let up anytime soon.
I don't think that this is a good time to talk to Tom.
I don't think it'll take long for me to fix that.
I don't think that it'll take long for me to fix that.
I don't think that it would be wise to argue with Tom.
I don't think that it would be interesting to do that.
I don't think that it would be a good idea to do that.
I don't think that Tom wanted to go with us yesterday.
I don't think that Tom understands what you're saying.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that alone.
I don't think Tom really did that all by himself.
I don't think that Tom really did that all by himself.
I don't think Tom needed to be here this morning.
I don't think that Tom needed to be here this morning.
I don't think that Tom loves me as much as I love him.
I don't think that Tom likes you the way you like him.
I don't think Tom likes baseball as much as I do.
I don't think that Tom likes baseball as much as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary kept doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is ignoring him.
I don't think Tom knows why I did that by myself.
I don't think that Tom knows why I did that by myself.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows who he can trust anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows whether it's true or not.
I don't think that Tom knows where the post office is.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to live.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary came to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's shoe size is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is really like.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is looking for.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is going to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is doing today.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing today.
I don't think Tom knows very much about baseball.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about baseball.
I don't think Tom knows that you were helping me.
I don't think that Tom knows much about his neighbors.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is coming or not.
I don't think that Tom knows how to tie his shoes yet.
I don't think that Tom knows how to speak French well.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the trombone.
I don't think that Tom knows how to do that very well.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time he'll need.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money was taken.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary feels about him.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly where Mary lives.
I don't think that Tom knows either of Mary's sisters.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about carpentry.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows any other way to do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here until 2:30.
I don't think that Tom is going to be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom is difficult to get along with.
I don't think Tom heard you knocking on the door.
I don't think that Tom heard you knocking on the door.
I don't think Tom has to work on Mondays anymore.
I don't think that Tom has to work on Mondays anymore.
I don't think that Tom has much experience doing that.
I don't think that Tom has as much money as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom has any idea where Mary is now.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary will do.
I don't think that Tom has any friends here in Boston.
I don't think that Tom did anything about the problem.
I don't think that Tom could do that even if he tried.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I don't think that Tom and Mary recognized each other.
I don't think that Tom and I can do that by ourselves.
I don't think I'll have time to help you do that.
I don't think that I'll have time to help you do that.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to do that again.
I don't think that I'll be present at today's meeting.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that again.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that again.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be able to get this stain out.
I don't think that I'll be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think that there's any way Tom could do that.
I don't think the roses will bloom anytime soon.
I don't think that the roses will bloom anytime soon.
I don't think it's unethical for you to do that.
I don't think that it's unethical for you to do that.
I don't think it's necessary for you to do that.
I don't think that it's necessary for you to do that.
I don't think it's necessary for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's necessary for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's dangerous for you to do that.
I don't think it'll take long for us to do that.
I don't think that it'll take long for us to do that.
I don't think it would be wise to do that today.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that today.
I don't think it would be impossible to do that.
I don't think that it would be impossible to do that.
I don't think Tom wants to sing with us tonight.
I don't think that Tom wants to sing with us tonight.
I don't think that Tom wants to be my friend anymore.
I don't think Tom understood what was happening.
I don't think that Tom understood what was happening.
I don't think Tom speaks French as well as I do.
I don't think that Tom speaks French as well as I do.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that today.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that again.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that today.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that today.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that again.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom likes watching baseball on TV.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help him.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is right now.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's talking about.
I don't think that Tom knows what he needs to do yet.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm Mary's brother.
I don't think that Tom knows how to use a slide rule.
I don't think that Tom knows how to run the business.
I don't think that Tom knows how much Mary loves him.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a cook Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows how badly Mary was hurt.
I don't think that Tom knows how badly Mary was hurt.
I don't think Tom knows his neighbors very well.
I don't think that Tom knows his neighbors very well.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is still in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't speak French.
I don't think that Tom is flexible enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is ever going to pay you back.
I don't think Tom is as stupid as you say he is.
I don't think that Tom is as stupid as you say he is.
I don't think that Tom is as stupid as he used to be.
I don't think Tom is as rich as you said he was.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as you said he was.
I don't think that Tom has to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has time to talk to you today.
I don't think that Tom has the confidence to do that.
I don't think that Tom has overstepped his authority.
I don't think that Tom has ever done that by himself.
I don't think that Tom has as much time as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom has as much free time as I do.
I don't think that Tom has any experience doing that.
I don't think that Tom could've done that any better.
I don't think that Tom can stop Mary from doing that.
I don't think that Tom can do that without some help.
I don't think that Tom and Mary go swimming together.
I don't think that Mary would ever leave her husband.
I don't think I'm going to do that anytime soon.
I don't think that I'm going to do that anytime soon.
I don't think that I'll ever go back to Boston again.
I don't think that I'll ever get used to Korean food.
I don't think that I'll ever get tired of doing this.
I don't think that I'll buy this. It's too expensive.
I don't think I'll be doing that this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll be doing that this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll be able to go swimming today.
I don't think that I'll be able to eat anything else.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't think that this is the right way to do this.
I don't think that this has anything to do with Tom.
I don't think that this chain will stand the strain.
I don't think there's very much to worry about.
I don't think that there's very much to worry about.
I don't think that there's any risk of losing today.
I don't think that most of us could do what Tom did.
I don't think that it's possible for you to do that.
I don't think that it's necessary for us to do this.
I don't think that it's necessary for us to do that.
I don't think it's important for us to do that.
I don't think that it's important for us to do that.
I don't think it's going to be hard to do that.
I don't think it's going to be easy to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to do that.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that.
I don't think that it'll be easy for you to do that.
I don't think that it'll be easy for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it would be expensive to do that.
I don't think that it would be dangerous to do that.
I don't think it would be a problem to do that.
I don't think that it would be a problem to do that.
I don't think that it worthwhile doing such a thing.
I don't think that Tom wants to go swimming with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to go swimming with me.
I don't think Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom understood what was going on.
I don't think that Tom understood what was going on.
I don't think Tom understood what I was saying.
I don't think that Tom understood what I was saying.
I don't think that Tom should eat so much junk food.
I don't think that Tom rides his motorcycle anymore.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that here.
I don't think that Tom really planned on doing that.
I don't think Tom ought to do that in the dark.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that in the dark.
I don't think that Tom knows why you didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is mad at him.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is here today.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is here today.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who taught Mary French.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will be here.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will be back.
I don't think that Tom knows what's wrong with Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what's really going on.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to eat.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing now.
I don't think Tom knows very much about Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about Boston.
I don't think Tom knows that I still have this.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is busy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows how to ride a unicycle.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play backgammon.
I don't think that Tom knows how to get to my place.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about fishing.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about farming.
I don't think that Tom knows any of the details yet.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about alligators.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to do that yet.
I don't think Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom is going to be too much help.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here tomorrow.
I don't think Tom is going to Boston next week.
I don't think that Tom is going to Boston next week.
I don't think that Tom is ever going to get married.
I don't think Tom heard Mary shouting his name.
I don't think that Tom heard Mary shouting his name.
I don't think that Tom has to go to school tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has to do that until October.
I don't think that Tom has to be at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom has the willpower to do that.
I don't think that Tom has as much patience as I do.
I don't think Tom cares who comes to his party.
I don't think that Tom cares who comes to his party.
I don't think that Tom can find the time to do that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have much in common.
I don't think Tom and Mary are married anymore.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are married anymore.
I don't think that I've seen you around here before.
I don't think that I've ever heard this song before.
I don't think I'll get in trouble if I do that.
I don't think that I'll get in trouble if I do that.
I don't think I'll ever get used to doing this.
I don't think that I'll ever get used to doing this.
I don't think that I'll be the first one to do that.
I don't think that I'll be awake when Tom gets home.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that again.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that in the rain.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that in the rain.
I don't think that I snore, but I'm not really sure.
I don't think that this is the only way to do this.
I don't think that this is the best way to do this.
I don't think that this is an unreasonable request.
I don't think that things will change anytime soon.
I don't think that they've found out about Tom yet.
I don't think that they'll accept these conditions.
I don't think that there's anything to worry about.
I don't think that there's any way out of this one.
I don't think that there's any way Tom can do that.
I don't think that the house is as big as we hoped.
I don't think that it's going to rain this evening.
I don't think that it's ethical for you to do that.
I don't think it'll take very long to do that.
I don't think that it'll take very long to do that.
I don't think it'll be too hot this afternoon.
I don't think that it'll be too hot this afternoon.
I don't think it'll be any problem to do that.
I don't think that it'll be any problem to do that.
I don't think that it would be possible to do that.
I don't think that it really matters who does this.
I don't think it really matters who does that.
I don't think that it really matters who does that.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that yesterday.
I don't think Tom understood the instructions.
I don't think that Tom understood the instructions.
I don't think that Tom understands what's going on.
I don't think that Tom really knows how to do that.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that again.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary was arrested.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary quit her job.
I don't think that Tom knows where his umbrella is.
I don't think that Tom knows what's bothering Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's going to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he should do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what he has to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary needs to do.
I don't think Tom knows much about basketball.
I don't think that Tom knows much about basketball.
I don't think that Tom knows much about alligators.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play this game.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the cello.
I don't think Tom knows anything about Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows any of Mary's friends.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can speak French.
I don't think Tom is strong enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is strong enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is likely to tell the truth.
I don't think that Tom is interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom is in his office on Mondays.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you do that.
I don't think Tom is going to help us do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to help us do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom is going to be here all day.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here all day.
I don't think Tom has told us the whole truth.
I don't think that Tom has told us the whole truth.
I don't think that Tom has time to talk to you now.
I don't think that Tom has those kinds of problems.
I don't think that Tom has the strength to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the patience to do that.
I don't think that Tom has as much patience as you.
I don't think that Tom has as many friends as I do.
I don't think that Tom has anything to worry about.
I don't think that Tom has any teaching experience.
I don't think Tom has any friends who do that.
I don't think that Tom has any friends who do that.
I don't think that Tom has any friends his own age.
I don't think that Tom has any brothers or sisters.
I don't think that Tom can stop me from doing that.
I don't think that Tom can do that without my help.
I don't think that Tom can deal with the situation.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy a car yet.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy a car yet.
I don't think that Mary is as pretty as her sister.
I don't think that I'm the best person for the job.
I don't think that I'm going to be able to do that.
I don't think I'm allowed to help you do that.
I don't think that I'm allowed to help you do that.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think I'll have time to do that today.
I don't think that I'll have time to do that today.
I don't think that I'll be the next one to do that.
I don't think that I'll be the last one to do that.
I don't think that I'll be doing that anytime soon.
I don't think that I'll be awake when you get home.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that anymore.
I don't think I'll allow Tom to do that today.
I don't think that I'll allow Tom to do that today.
I don't think that I'd have the courage to do that.
I don't think that I'd ever want to live in Boston.
I don't think that I'd be interested in doing that.
I don't think that I want to study French with you.
I don't think I should've done that by myself.
I don't think that I should've done that by myself.
I don't think this movie is very interesting.
I don't think that this movie is very interesting.
I don't think that these ink stains will come off.
I don't think there's any way I can help you.
I don't think that there's any way I can help you.
I don't think that there's any significant damage.
I don't think that there is any way I can do that.
I don't think that the police will ever catch Tom.
I don't think that my gift meant very much to Tom.
I don't think it's going to be hard to find Tom.
I don't think it's going to be easy to find Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to find Tom.
I don't think that it would be ethical to do that.
I don't think Tom wants to go swimming today.
I don't think that Tom wants to go swimming today.
I don't think Tom wants to eat lunch with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to eat lunch with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom should've let Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom should ask Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom really did that by himself.
I don't think Tom realizes how young Mary is.
I don't think that Tom realizes how young Mary is.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about money.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about money.
I don't think Tom meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary isn't happy.
I don't think that Tom knows who did that to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows who did that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows who did that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary's father is.
I don't think Tom knows where I used to live.
I don't think that Tom knows where I used to live.
I don't think Tom knows what you want to eat.
I don't think that Tom knows what you want to eat.
I don't think that Tom knows what he needs to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows much about Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows how to read or write.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the oboe.
I don't think that Tom knows how much Mary weighs.
I don't think that Tom knows how deep the pool is.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary got injured.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary as well as I do.
I don't think that Tom is finished doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom is cut out to be a teacher.
I don't think Tom is committed to doing that.
I don't think that Tom is committed to doing that.
I don't think that Tom is able to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom has very many friends here.
I don't think that Tom has to go there by himself.
I don't think Tom has time today to help you.
I don't think that Tom has time today to help you.
I don't think that Tom has time to help you today.
I don't think that Tom has the stamina to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the courage to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the ability to do that.
I don't think that Tom has much money in the bank.
I don't think Tom has ever visited Australia.
I don't think that Tom has ever visited Australia.
I wasn't on the same bus as Tom.
I wasn't on the same bus as Tom was.
I did it right every time.
I told Tom who Mary's father is.
I don't feel any pressure.
Tom was obviously excited.
I don't really have a job.
I told Tom why I had to do that.
I don't want to miss that.
Tom was obviously jealous.
I don't want to stop here.
I told Tom why I should do that.
I don't want you to do it.
Tom was obviously nervous.
I feel honored to be here.
I told Tom why I went to Boston.
I have the right to speak.
Tom was obviously pleased.
I lost weight last winter.
I told Tom why Mary wasn't here.
I need to do that tonight.
Tom was obviously puzzled.
I pretended to be reading.
I told Tom what I thought of him.
I still look for bargains.
Tom was obviously tempted.
I want to get there early.
I told Tom why I didn't like him.
I wasn't on the right bus.
Tom was obviously worried.
I wouldn't say no to that.
I wanted to do something for Tom.
I'd rather be watching TV.
Tom tried to deescalate the situation.
The police officer tried to deescalate the situation.
Tom used his communication skills to resolve the conflict.
This town only has one grocery store.
Tom was arrested by an off-duty police officer.
The perpetrator was arrested by an off-duty police officer.
The police officer resolved the situation without resorting to violence.
Tom resolved the situation without resorting to violence.
Tom had a temper tantrum.
Tom fell on his hands and injured his wrist.
I don't want to hurt you. I want to help you.
Tom was shot by a police officer.
This is lovely.
Tom threw a temper tantrum.
Tom is a plainclothes police officer.
Tom was arrested by a plainclothes police officer.
The criminal was arrested by a plainclothes police officer.
There's a trampoline in the backyard.
Tom wanted to impress his girlfriend.
Tom said that he wanted to impress his girlfriend.
I'm excited about this project.
I'm very excited about this project.
This animal has four feet.
Tom said he couldn't do what I asked.
After he was chosen as consul, Scipio was sent to Africa.
Those roses aren't as beautiful as these.
Tom said that he couldn't do what I asked.
Tom said that he couldn't do what I asked him to do.
Tom said he couldn't do what I asked him to do.
If you can't go to an English-speaking country to study, perhaps you can find an English native speaker living nearby who can help you learn English.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook I keep hidden where I don't think anybody can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook I keep hidden where I don't think that anybody can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook I keep hidden where I don't think that anyone can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook that I keep hidden where I don't think that anybody can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook that I keep hidden where I don't think anybody can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook that I keep hidden where I don't think that anyone can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook that I keep hidden where I don't think anyone can find it.
I asked him where he parked his car.
I think I made a wrong turn.
It didn't seem to bother him.
It didn't seem to bother her.
Take the children into the house.
Take the children inside.
How did she get involved?
How did he get involved?
How did you get involved with her?
How did you get involved with him?
How did you get involved with Tom?
How did you get involved?
Why did you get involved in this project?
Do you know how Tom got involved?
I told Tom that it would be better if he didn't get involved.
I told Tom it would be better if he didn't get involved.
The doctors assured Tom that he would be fine.
The doctors assured Tom that Mary would be fine.
Tom got involved in a fight last night.
The doctor assured Tom that Mary would be fine.
I told Tom not to get involved.
Tom didn't make the cut.
How did you find out about us?
He didn't want to stop kissing her.
She didn't want to stop kissing him.
It didn't seem to bother her a bit.
It didn't seem to bother her at all.
It didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
Getting involved with Tom was a mistake.
You're living in the past!
Her eyes were red.
Tom's eyes were red.
Mary's eyes were red.
I didn't want him to stop kissing me.
I didn't want her to stop kissing me.
Mary didn't want Tom to stop kissing her.
He'll probably never forgive me.
She'll probably never forgive me.
Tom will probably never forgive me.
He doesn't listen to anybody but himself.
She doesn't listen to anybody but herself.
Tom doesn't listen to anybody but himself.
Tom doesn't care about anybody but himself.
Mary doesn't care about anybody but herself.
What happened to the ancient Romans?
What happened to ancient Rome?
It didn't seem to bother her in the least.
It didn't seem to bother him in the least.
It didn't seem to bother Tom in the least.
I wonder what happened between her and Tom.
I wonder what happened between Tom and Mary.
I wonder what happened to ancient Rome.
She wore a red cheongsam.
Mary wore a red dress to the party.
Mary was wearing a red dress when I saw her yesterday at the supermarket.
It's not often that Mary wears a red dress, but she's wearing one today.
I wonder what happened to the ancient Romans.
Tom doesn't play video games as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't often play video games.
I wonder what happened to Tom's car.
I wonder what happened to all the donuts that were here.
I wonder what happened at Tom's house last night.
I wonder who gave Tom that black eye.
Any word from Tom?
No one suspected anything like this.
No one suspected anything.
Nobody suspected a thing.
Nobody suspected you.
I've always suspected that you might've studied karate.
I've always suspected you might've studied karate.
You don't think I scared Tom, do you?
You don't think that I scared Tom, do you?
I don't think anybody really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anybody really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anyone really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anyone really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anybody really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anybody really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anyone really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anyone really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anybody would want to read this book more than once.
I don't think that anybody would want to read this book more than once.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I want to buy.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I need to buy.
I don't think that anyone would want to read this book more than once.
I don't think I need to tell Tom about what we're planning to do.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom about what we're planning to do.
I don't think I realized how much I loved you until you left me.
I don't think that I realized how much I loved you until you left me.
I don't think I realized how much I loved you until we broke up.
I don't think that I realized how much I loved you until we broke up.
I don't think I need to tell Tom that Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom that Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think I could stand to spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think that I could stand to spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think anybody has ever done something like this before.
I don't think that anybody has ever done something like this before.
I don't think I need to tell Tom that he needs to study harder.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom that he needs to study harder.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary is ever going to get married.
I don't think anyone has ever done something like this before.
I don't think that anyone has ever done something like this before.
I don't think that I really understand. Could you explain it again?
I don't think I can be happy here if you weren't here with me.
I don't think that I can be happy here if you weren't here with me.
I don't think anybody could've done that better than you did.
I don't think that anybody could've done that better than you did.
I don't think that I can move this bookcase without a little help.
I don't think I can find the time to do that until next week.
I don't think that I can find the time to do that until next week.
I don't think anyone could've done that better than you did.
I don't think that anyone could've done that better than you did.
I don't think anybody suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anybody suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think I'd be able to convince Tom to do that for us.
I don't think that I'd be able to convince Tom to do that for us.
I don't think I should buy anything else until after payday.
I don't think that I should buy anything else until after payday.
I don't think I have the willpower to stop eating junk food.
I don't think that I have the willpower to stop eating junk food.
I don't think anyone suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anyone suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anybody's lived in this house in a long time.
I don't think Tom had anything to do with the bank robbery.
I don't think that Tom had anything to do with the bank robbery.
I don't think I'd be able to convince Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'd be able to convince Tom to do that again.
I don't think I need to tell Tom Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I want.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I need.
I don't think I enjoy playing chess as much as you seem to.
I don't think that I enjoy playing chess as much as you seem to.
I don't think anyone's lived in this house in a long time.
I don't think that anyone's lived in this house in a long time.
I don't think that any of you realize the significance of this.
I don't think I need to tell Tom he needs to study harder.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom he needs to study harder.
I don't think I enjoy watching baseball as much as you do.
I don't think that I enjoy watching baseball as much as you do.
I don't think that I can apply for a job anywhere. I'm too old.
I don't think I should need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I should need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think I can move this bookcase without your help.
I don't think that I can move this bookcase without your help.
I don't think I can move this bookcase without some help.
I don't think that I can move this bookcase without some help.
I don't think that I can afford to buy the kind of car I want.
I don't think anybody really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think that anybody really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think anybody has lived in this house for years.
I don't think that anybody has lived in this house for years.
I don't think anybody could've done better than you did.
I don't think that anybody could've done better than you did.
I don't think that any of you realize the importance of this.
I don't think Tom had anything to do with what happened.
I don't think that Tom had anything to do with what happened.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that right now.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that right now.
I don't think that I enjoy doing this as much as you seem to.
I don't think I can do that until the Monday after next.
I don't think that I can do that until the Monday after next.
I don't think that I can do everything I've been asked to do.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary has ever been in love.
I don't think anyone really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think that anyone really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think that anyone has lived in this house for years.
I don't think anyone could've done better than you did.
I don't think that anyone could've done better than you did.
I don't think anybody suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anybody suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think anybody really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think that anybody really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think I'll finish all this work this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll finish all this work this afternoon.
I don't think I know the boy that's sitting over there.
I don't think that I know the boy that's sitting over there.
I don't think I have to tell you why this is important.
I don't think that I have to tell you why this is important.
I don't think I could spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think that I could spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think that I can play the guitar as well as you can.
I don't think that being poor is anything to be ashamed of.
I don't think anyone suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anyone suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think anyone really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think that anyone really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think anybody would consider Tom good-looking.
I don't think that anybody would consider Tom good-looking.
I don't think anybody else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anybody else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think I'd be able to get Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'd be able to get Tom to do that again.
I don't think I should borrow any more money from Tom.
I don't think that I should borrow any more money from Tom.
I don't think I know the man that's playing the drums.
I don't think that I know the man that's playing the drums.
I don't think I know the boy who's sitting over there.
I don't think that I know the boy who's sitting over there.
I don't think that I enjoyed doing that as much as you did.
I don't think I enjoy swimming as much as you seem to.
I don't think that I enjoy swimming as much as you seem to.
I don't think that anyone would consider Tom good-looking.
I don't think anyone else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anyone else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think anybody suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anybody suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think anybody really expected you to be here.
I don't think that anybody really expected you to be here.
I don't think I'll need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'll need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think I'll have to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'll have to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think I'll have time to do that until Monday.
I don't think that I'll have time to do that until Monday.
I don't think I'd be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think I know the man who's playing the drums.
I don't think that I know the man who's playing the drums.
I don't think I enjoyed the movie as much as you did.
I don't think that I enjoyed the movie as much as you did.
I don't think that I could've done that without your help.
I don't think I could do what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think that I could do what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think that I could afford to buy a car like Tom's.
I don't think that I can love two people at the same time.
I don't think that I can afford to buy a new computer now.
I don't think either Tom or Mary will do that today.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary will do that today.
I don't think anyone suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anyone suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anyone really expected you to be here.
I don't think I should ask Tom to do that right now.
I don't think that I should ask Tom to do that right now.
I don't think I really need to read this right away.
I don't think that I really need to read this right away.
I don't think I really need to do that until Monday.
I don't think that I really need to do that until Monday.
I don't think I know the girl that's talking to Tom.
I don't think that I know the girl that's talking to Tom.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that today.
I don't think that I ever knew what Tom did for a living.
I don't think that I can do that any better than you can.
I don't think that I can do that any better than Tom can.
I don't think that I can convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think anybody really thought Tom was happy.
I don't think that anybody really thought Tom was happy.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom this angry before.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom this angry before.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom riding a unicycle.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom riding a unicycle.
I don't think I should need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that I should need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think I really need to read this right now.
I don't think that I really need to read this right now.
I don't think I really had to do that this morning.
I don't think that I really had to do that this morning.
I don't think I know the girl who's talking to Tom.
I don't think that I know the girl who's talking to Tom.
I don't think I have the willpower to stop smoking.
I don't think that I have the willpower to stop smoking.
I don't think I have the willpower to quit smoking.
I don't think that I have the willpower to quit smoking.
I don't think that I could forgive myself if I did that.
I don't think I can move to Boston until next year.
I don't think that I can move to Boston until next year.
I don't think that I can find the time to do that today.
I don't think that I can do what you're asking me to do.
I don't think that anyone really thought Tom was happy.
I don't think anybody really thought Tom was busy.
I don't think that anybody really thought Tom was busy.
I don't think anybody really expected you to help.
I don't think that anybody really expected you to help.
I don't think anybody noticed what you were doing.
I don't think that anybody noticed what you were doing.
I don't think anybody has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think that anybody has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think anybody else wants to do that today.
I don't think that anybody else wants to do that today.
I don't think I know anybody who can speak French.
I don't think that I know anybody who can speak French.
I don't think that I have time to explain it right now.
I don't think I have time to do that this morning.
I don't think that I have time to do that this morning.
I don't think I have time to do that before lunch.
I don't think that I have time to do that before lunch.
I don't think that I have ever been this hungry before.
I don't think that I have enough money to pay the bill.
I don't think that I could ever get used to this smell.
I don't think that doing that would be worth our time.
I don't think that anyone really thought Tom was busy.
I don't think that anyone really expected you to help.
I don't think anyone noticed what you were doing.
I don't think that anyone noticed what you were doing.
I don't think anyone has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think that anyone has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think anyone else wants to do that today.
I don't think that anyone else wants to do that today.
I don't think anybody noticed what we were doing.
I don't think that anybody noticed what we were doing.
I don't think anybody noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anybody noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that any of us will get rich doing this.
I don't think that I should go out on a day like this.
I don't think I should buy anything else for Tom.
I don't think that I should buy anything else for Tom.
I don't think I should ask Tom to do that for us.
I don't think that I should ask Tom to do that for us.
I don't think I need to tell Tom about our plans.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom about our plans.
I don't think that I need Tom's permission to do that.
I don't think I like what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think that I like what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think I know the answer to that question.
I don't think that I know the answer to that question.
I don't think that I know anyone who can speak French.
I don't think that I know all the lyrics to this song.
I don't think I can finish all this work by 2:30.
I don't think that I can finish all this work by 2:30.
I don't think anyone noticed what we were doing.
I don't think that anyone noticed what we were doing.
I don't think anyone noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anyone noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think anybody suspected you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anybody suspected you weren't Tom.
I don't think anybody has ever done this before.
I don't think that anybody has ever done this before.
I don't think Tom wants to do that this morning.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that this morning.
I don't think I'd be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think I need to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't think that I need to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't think I need to wear a tie to the party.
I don't think that I need to wear a tie to the party.
I don't think I need to tell Tom why I did that.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom why I did that.
I don't think I know the boy sitting over there.
I don't think that I know the boy sitting over there.
I don't think that I have the time to help you today.
I don't think that I enjoy fishing as much as you do.
I don't think I could ever live in Boston again.
I don't think that I could ever live in Boston again.
I don't think that I could do that without your help.
I don't think I can stay in Boston until Monday.
I don't think that I can stay in Boston until Monday.
I don't think I can convince Tom to sing for us.
I don't think that I can convince Tom to sing for us.
I don't think you should borrow money from Tom.
I don't think that you should borrow money from Tom.
I don't think that anyone suspected you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anyone has ever done this before.
I don't think anybody really knows the real me.
I don't think that anybody really knows the real me.
I don't think anybody noticed what I was doing.
I don't think that anybody noticed what I was doing.
I don't think Tom can do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom can do that without our help.
I don't think I really need to do that for Tom.
I don't think that I really need to do that for Tom.
I don't think I really have to do that anymore.
I don't think that I really have to do that anymore.
I don't think that I need to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think I know the man playing the drums.
I don't think that I know the man playing the drums.
I don't think that I know anybody who speaks French.
I don't think that I have to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think I have the energy to do that now.
I don't think that I have the energy to do that now.
I don't think I have any choice but to do that.
I don't think that I have any choice but to do that.
I don't think I could talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think that I could talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think you have to do that by yourself.
I don't think that you have to do that by yourself.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary will do that.
I don't think anything can be done about that.
I don't think that anything can be done about that.
I don't think that anyone really knows the real me.
I don't think anyone noticed what I was doing.
I don't think that anyone noticed what I was doing.
I don't think anybody really wants to do that.
I don't think that anybody really wants to do that.
I don't think anybody has told Tom what to do.
I don't think that anybody has told Tom what to do.
I don't think that I really had to do that for Tom.
I don't think that I realized how much I loved you.
I don't think that I look anything like my brother.
I don't think that I know anyone who speaks French.
I don't think that I know anyone named Tom Jackson.
I don't think that I have the willpower to do that.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that.
I don't think that I could do that even if I tried.
I don't think that I can stop Tom from going there.
I don't think that I can do this without your help.
I don't think that I can do that without your help.
I don't think that I can do that without some help.
I don't think I can be happy here if you left.
I don't think that I can be happy here if you left.
I don't think anyone really wants to do that.
I don't think that anyone really wants to do that.
I don't think anyone has told Tom what to do.
I don't think that anyone has told Tom what to do.
I don't think that any more students want to come.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom here before.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom here before.
I don't think that I should borrow any more money.
I don't think I really need to do that today.
I don't think that I really need to do that today.
I don't think I really have to do that again.
I don't think that I really have to do that again.
I don't think I know the girl talking to Tom.
I don't think that I know the girl talking to Tom.
I don't think I know anybody who can do that.
I don't think that I know anybody who can do that.
I don't think that I have what you're looking for.
I don't think that I have to spell it out for you.
I don't think I could've done that on my own.
I don't think that I could've done that on my own.
I don't think I could've done that by myself.
I don't think that I could've done that by myself.
I don't think I could ever do that by myself.
I don't think that I could ever do that by myself.
I don't think that I can talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think that I can stop Tom from doing that.
I don't think that I can keep Tom from doing that.
I don't think that I can find the time to do that.
I don't think that doing that would be dangerous.
I don't think anybody notices what Tom does.
I don't think that anybody notices what Tom does.
I don't think anybody else wants to do that.
I don't think that anybody else wants to do that.
I don't think Tom needs to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom needs to do that for Mary.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that for Mary.
I don't think Tom has to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom has to do that by himself.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom doing that.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom doing that.
I don't think I really needed to do what I did.
I don't think that I really needed to do what I did.
I don't think I really have to do that here.
I don't think that I really have to do that here.
I don't think I needed to do that yesterday.
I don't think that I needed to do that yesterday.
I don't think I need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom to do that.
I don't think I know anyone who can do that.
I don't think that I know anyone who can do that.
I don't think that I have to tell Tom to do that.
I don't think that I have the stamina to do that.
I don't think that I have the ability to do that.
I don't think I have everything that I need.
I don't think that I have everything that I need.
I don't think that I have enough time to do that.
I don't think that I could do that kind of thing.
I don't think that I can swim as well as you can.
I don't think I can do that faster than you.
I don't think that I can do that faster than you.
I don't think I can do that faster than Tom.
I don't think that I can do that faster than Tom.
I don't think I can do that better than you.
I don't think that I can do that better than you.
I don't think I can do that better than Tom.
I don't think that I can do that better than Tom.
I don't think that I can do everything by myself.
I don't think I can convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I can convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I can afford to buy a car now.
I don't think that his proposals amount to much.
I don't think everybody here has done that.
I don't think that everybody here has done that.
I don't think that doing that would be much fun.
I don't think that anyone notices what Tom does.
I don't think anyone else wants to do that.
I don't think that anyone else wants to do that.
I don't think anybody would really do that.
I don't think that anybody would really do that.
I don't think anybody noticed what you did.
I don't think that anybody noticed what you did.
I don't think anybody noticed what Tom did.
I don't think that anybody noticed what Tom did.
I don't think anybody knows about that yet.
I don't think that anybody knows about that yet.
I don't think anybody else could do my job.
I don't think that anybody else could do my job.
I don't think anybody could've stopped Tom.
I don't think that anybody could've stopped Tom.
I don't think Tom has to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom has to do that right now.
I don't think Tom could do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom could do that by himself.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom with Mary.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom with Mary.
I don't think I really have to do that now.
I don't think that I really have to do that now.
I don't think I ought to do that right now.
I don't think that I ought to do that right now.
I don't think I know that woman over there.
I don't think that I know that woman over there.
I don't think that I know anybody who does that.
I don't think I know Tom as well as you do.
I don't think that I know Tom as well as you do.
I don't think I have the energy to do that.
I don't think that I have the energy to do that.
I don't think that I could explain it right now.
I don't think that I could do what Tom is doing.
I don't think that I can swim across this river.
I don't think that I can explain the difference.
I don't think you need to do that anymore.
I don't think that you need to do that anymore.
I don't think everyone here has done that.
I don't think that everyone here has done that.
I don't think doing that would be any fun.
I don't think that doing that would be any fun.
I don't think that anyone would really do that.
I don't think that anyone noticed what you did.
I don't think that anyone noticed what Tom did.
I don't think anyone knows about that yet.
I don't think that anyone knows about that yet.
I don't think that anyone else could do my job.
I don't think anyone could've stopped Tom.
I don't think that anyone could've stopped Tom.
I don't think that anybody's going to help you.
I don't think anybody thinks you're crazy.
I don't think that anybody thinks you're crazy.
I don't think anybody noticed what we did.
I don't think that anybody noticed what we did.
I don't think that anybody can help me anymore.
I don't think that an exception should be made.
I don't think I'll need an umbrella today.
I don't think that I'll need an umbrella today.
I don't think that I should go there by myself.
I don't think that I should decide until later.
I don't think that I should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think I ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think I need your help doing that.
I don't think that I need your help doing that.
I don't think that I need to wear a coat today.
I don't think I need to go shopping today.
I don't think that I need to go shopping today.
I don't think that I need to do anything today.
I don't think that I know anyone who does that.
I don't think I have to do that right now.
I don't think that I have to do that right now.
I don't think I follow what you're saying.
I don't think that I follow what you're saying.
I don't think that I could ever live in Boston.
I don't think that I could ever commit suicide.
I don't think that I can survive in this place.
I don't think that I can stop Tom from leaving.
I don't think I can stay here much longer.
I don't think that I can stay here much longer.
I don't think that I can make it to your party.
I don't think I can do that before Monday.
I don't think that I can do that before Monday.
I don't think you should do that anymore.
I don't think that you should do that anymore.
I don't think everybody knows what to do.
I don't think that everybody knows what to do.
I don't think that children should drink beer.
I don't think that anything's going to change.
I don't think anyone's going to help you.
I don't think that anyone's going to help you.
I don't think that anyone thinks you're crazy.
I don't think that anyone noticed what we did.
I don't think that anyone can help me anymore.
I don't think anybody was here yesterday.
I don't think that anybody was here yesterday.
I don't think that anybody else wants to come.
I don't think that any of this is appropriate.
I don't think Tom knows that I love Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows that I love Mary.
I don't think Tom could handle the truth.
I don't think that Tom could handle the truth.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom dancing.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom dancing.
I don't think that I should buy anything else.
I don't think that I really needed to do that.
I don't think that I really need to read this.
I don't think that I need your help right now.
I don't think I need to help Tom do that.
I don't think that I need to help Tom do that.
I don't think that I need to help Tom anymore.
I don't think I need to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I need to do that with Tom.
I don't think I need to do anything else.
I don't think that I need to do anything else.
I don't think that I like this game very much.
I don't think that I have the energy for this.
I don't think that I have much longer to live.
I don't think I had to do that yesterday.
I don't think that I had to do that yesterday.
I don't think I could've done that alone.
I don't think that I could've done that alone.
I don't think that I could ever do this again.
I don't think I could ever do that again.
I don't think that I could ever do that again.
I don't think you need to do that again.
I don't think that you need to do that again.
I don't think that everyone knows what to do.
I don't think that anyone was here yesterday.
I don't think anyone else wants to come.
I don't think that anyone else wants to come.
I don't think anybody saw us doing that.
I don't think that anybody saw us doing that.
I don't think anybody does that anymore.
I don't think that anybody does that anymore.
I don't think Tom will do that with you.
I don't think that Tom will do that with you.
I don't think Tom knows that I love you.
I don't think that Tom knows that I love you.
I don't think Tom knows that I love him.
I don't think that Tom knows that I love him.
I don't think that I need to worry about Tom.
I don't think that I did what you said I did.
I don't think that I can hold on much longer.
I don't think that I can do this without you.
I don't think that I can do this without Tom.
I don't think you should do that again.
I don't think that you should do that again.
I don't think that doing that would be safe.
I don't think that doing that would be rude.
I don't think that doing that would be good.
I don't think anyone saw us doing that.
I don't think that anyone saw us doing that.
I don't think anyone does that anymore.
I don't think that anyone does that anymore.
I don't think anybody has told Tom yet.
I don't think that anybody has told Tom yet.
I don't think that anybody else has noticed.
I don't think any of us should do that.
I don't think that any of us should do that.
I don't think that any of this is important.
I don't think I should do that for Tom.
I don't think that I should do that for Tom.
I don't think that I really need to do that.
I don't think that I really have to do that.
I don't think I need to go there today.
I don't think that I need to go there today.
I don't think that I like what you're doing.
I don't think I like what Tom is doing.
I don't think that I like what Tom is doing.
I don't think I know anybody in Boston.
I don't think that I know anybody in Boston.
I don't think I have everything I need.
I don't think that I have everything I need.
I don't think that I could live without you.
I don't think that I could do what Tom does.
I don't think that I can help you very much.
I don't think that I can help you on Monday.
I don't think I can get along with Tom.
I don't think that I can get along with Tom.
I don't think that I can get Tom to do that.
I don't think that I can ever be happy here.
I don't think that doing that would be fun.
I don't think that doing that is necessary.
I don't think children should be here.
I don't think that children should be here.
I don't think that anyone has told Tom yet.
I don't think that anyone else has noticed.
I don't think that anybody can help me now.
I don't think I should dance with Tom.
I don't think that I should dance with Tom.
I don't think that I really have a problem.
I don't think that I really had to do that.
I don't think I ought to do that here.
I don't think that I ought to do that here.
I don't think I need to do that again.
I don't think that I need to do that again.
I don't think I need Tom's permission.
I don't think that I need Tom's permission.
I don't think that I like Tom's suggestion.
I don't think that I know anyone in Boston.
I don't think that I have to do that again.
I don't think that I have one of those yet.
I don't think that I could ever eat a worm.
I don't think that I can trust you anymore.
I don't think that I can trust Tom anymore.
I don't think that I can get there in time.
I don't think that I can do that right now.
I don't think that I can do that by myself.
I don't think everybody has given up.
I don't think that everybody has given up.
I don't think that even Tom could do that.
I don't think that doing that would be OK.
I don't think that doing that is much fun.
I don't think anyone can help me now.
I don't think that anyone can help me now.
I don't think anybody saw us do that.
I don't think that anybody saw us do that.
I don't think that Tom will do that today.
I don't think that I should do that again.
I don't think I should be here today.
I don't think that I should be here today.
I don't think that I really matter to you.
I don't think I need your help today.
I don't think that I need your help today.
I don't think I need to do that here.
I don't think that I need to do that here.
I don't think that I have to tell you why.
I don't think that I have time to do that.
I don't think that I could do that to Tom.
I don't think I can wait much longer.
I don't think that I can wait much longer.
I don't think that I can live without you.
I don't think I can leave that early.
I don't think that I can leave that early.
I don't think that I can get through this.
I don't think that I can do anything else.
I don't think everyone has given up.
I don't think that everyone has given up.
I don't think everybody is here yet.
I don't think that everybody is here yet.
I don't think anyone saw us do that.
I don't think that anyone saw us do that.
I don't think anybody will like Tom.
I don't think that anybody will like Tom.
I don't think that anybody was satisfied.
I don't think that anybody could do that.
I don't think Tom knows I love Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows I love Mary.
I don't think I've broken any rules.
I don't think that I've broken any rules.
I don't think that I need to lose weight.
I don't think that I hurt Tom's feelings.
I don't think that I heard you correctly.
I don't think that I have any bad habits.
I don't think that I could live with Tom.
I don't think that I can walk any faster.
I don't think that I can wait any longer.
I don't think I can stay any longer.
I don't think that I can stay any longer.
I don't think that I can do this anymore.
I don't think that I can do that tonight.
I don't think that I can do that for you.
I don't think that everyone is here yet.
I don't think that enough is being done.
I don't think that banks are open today.
I don't think that anything will change.
I don't think that anything can be done.
I don't think that anyone will like Tom.
I don't think that anyone was satisfied.
I don't think anyone could do that.
I don't think that anyone could do that.
I don't think Tom knows I love you.
I don't think that Tom knows I love you.
I don't think Tom knows I love him.
I don't think that Tom knows I love him.
I don't think that I like you very much.
I don't think I did that very well.
I don't think that I did that very well.
I don't think that I did that correctly.
I don't think that I did anything wrong.
I don't think that I could've done that.
I don't think that I could ever do that.
I don't think that I can move to Boston.
I don't think I can fix this today.
I don't think that I can fix this today.
I don't think that anything is missing.
I don't think anybody can do this.
I don't think that anybody can do this.
I don't think that anybody can do that.
I don't think that any of us should go.
I don't think Tom's story is true.
I don't think that Tom's story is true.
I don't think Tom is a good actor.
I don't think that Tom is a good actor.
I don't think that I needed to do that.
I don't think that I need a coat today.
I don't think I know anybody here.
I don't think that I know anybody here.
I don't think that I impressed anybody.
I don't think that I have one of those.
I don't think that I can do this alone.
I don't think that I can do this again.
I don't think that I can do that today.
I don't think that I can be happy here.
I don't think that anything is broken.
I don't think that anyone can do this.
I don't think anyone can do that.
I don't think that anyone can do that.
I don't think that I need to tell you.
I don't think that I need a bodyguard.
I don't think that I like you anymore.
I don't think that I know anyone here.
I don't think that I impressed anyone.
I don't think I have what I need.
I don't think that I have what I need.
I don't think that I have enough time.
I don't think that his story is true.
I don't think everybody gave up.
I don't think that everybody gave up.
I don't think that anything's broken.
I don't think that anybody knows yet.
I don't think that anybody does that.
I don't think I passed the test.
I don't think that I passed the test.
I don't think that I passed the exam.
I don't think that I need a new coat.
I don't think that I know the answer.
I don't think I know that woman.
I don't think that I know that woman.
I don't think that I have any choice.
I don't think that I can leave early.
I don't think that I can do that now.
I don't think that I can do anything.
I don't think that I can afford this.
I don't think that I broke any rules.
I don't think that everyone gave up.
I don't think that anything changes.
I don't think anyone knows yet.
I don't think that anyone knows yet.
I don't think that anyone does that.
I don't think that I should be here.
I don't think I know that girl.
I don't think that I know that girl.
I don't think that I had to do that.
I don't think that I could stand it.
I don't think that I agree with you.
I don't think that I like Tom much.
I don't think I know that man.
I don't think that I know that man.
I don't think I know that guy.
I don't think that I know that guy.
I don't think I know that boy.
I don't think that I know that boy.
I don't think that I impressed Tom.
I don't think that I have a choice.
I don't think that I did very well.
I don't think that I can handle it.
I don't think anybody saw us.
I don't think that anybody saw us.
I don't think that I should dance.
I don't think that I can help you.
I don't think that I can fix this.
I don't think that I can eat this.
I don't think that anyone saw us.
I don't think that I deserved it.
I don't think that I can do this.
I don't think that I belong here.
I don't think that I need to go.
I don't think that I can fix it.
I don't think that I can do it.
I don't think that I need one.
I don't think that I like you.
I don't think that I know you.
I don't think that I know Tom.
I don't think that I hurt Tom.
I don't think that I can stay.
I don't think that I can move.
I don't think that I like it.
I don't think that I follow.
Everybody is afraid.
I didn't even know that you had a girlfriend.
I didn't even know that you had a boyfriend.
Are you guys going to be OK?
Someone could be watching us.
Nobody is watching us.
Nobody was watching us.
Tom isn't easily offended.
You stay here. Everybody else go outside.
I think we should stay indoors today.
I think that we should stay indoors today.
I don't think that anyone could have done better than you did.
I don't think that anyone could have stopped Tom.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that he wanted.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that he wanted.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he needed.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that needed.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he needed.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that needed.
I suspect that that isn't going to happen.
I suspect that that's not going to happen.
I suspect that both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know something is going on.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know that something is going on.
I suspect Tom and Mary know something is going on.
I suspect Tom and Mary know that something is going on.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know that something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect Tom and Mary know something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect Tom and Mary know that something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary doesn't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary doesn't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary used to be in prison.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary used to be in prison.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary can't understand French.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary can't understand French.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary doesn't want to do that.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary used to be in prison.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary can't understand French.
I suspect that Tom knows he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect that Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect that Tom knows he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect that Tom knows that he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect Tom knows he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect Tom knows that he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect Tom knows he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything you say.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything that you say.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything you tell him.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything that you tell him.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything you say.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything that you tell him.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary she needs to do that today.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary that she needs to do that today.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary she needs to do that today.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary that she needs to do that today.
I have no reason to think what Tom said isn't true.
I have no reason to think that what Tom said isn't true.
What makes you think Tom was the one who stole your money?
What makes you think that Tom was the one who stole your money?
You don't think that Tom suspects anything, do you?
Tom suspects Mary and I are plotting something.
The police suspected that there was a connection between the abandoned car and the dead body found three miles away.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't as eager to do that now as they were yesterday.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't as eager to do that now as they were yesterday.
Tom suspected that Mary was the one who had spilled coffee on his computer.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised when John walked into the room.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised when John walked into the room.
We suspect someone murdered Tom and just made it look like suicide.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he's going to Boston.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he's going to Boston.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary about what happened to him yesterday.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary about what happened to him yesterday.
I suspect Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that by themselves.
Tom began to suspect Mary was planning a surprise birthday party.
The police suspect the burglar got in through an unlocked window.
After a bit of googling, I suspect what you said may not be true.
The police suspect one was one of the people robbed the bank.
The police suspect that one was one of the people robbed the bank.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning on doing that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that yesterday.
I suspect Tom and Mary want us to help them do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want us to help them do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the ones who told John to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who told John to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the ones who told John about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who told John about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning on doing that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that tomorrow.
When did you first suspect that it was Tom who stole your money?
I suspect Tom is likely to do that while he's in Australia.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that while he's in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary want to do that as soon as possible.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want to do that as soon as possible.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't have to do that by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't have to do that by themselves.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the ones who'll have to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who'll have to do that.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he did that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he did that.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that when he's in Australia.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that when he's in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning to do that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning to do that yesterday.
I suspect Tom and Mary were able to do that by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were able to do that by themselves.
Tom suspected that Mary was the one who had broken the window.
I suspect Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
I suspect that Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
I suspect Tom can't understand French as well as you can.
I suspect that Tom can't understand French as well as you can.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised when that happened.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised when that happened.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning to do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning to do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to do that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to do that.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that while he's in Boston.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that while he's in Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't speak French to each other.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't speak French to each other.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't going to do that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't able to do that very well.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't able to do that very well.
I suspected Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I suspected that Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to Boston.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to Boston.
I suspect Tom will do that next week or the week after.
I suspect that Tom will do that next week or the week after.
I suspect Tom is unaware of what's happening in Boston.
I suspect that Tom is unaware of what's happening in Boston.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that when he's in Boston.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that when he's in Boston.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that by himself.
I suspect Tom didn't really have to be there yesterday.
I suspect that Tom didn't really have to be there yesterday.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised by what happened.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised by what happened.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he wants to do that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he wants to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that with Mary.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that with Mary.
I suspect Tom will come to Boston in the near future.
I suspect that Tom will come to Boston in the near future.
I suspect Tom is ready to leave on a moment's notice.
I suspect that Tom is ready to leave on a moment's notice.
I suspect Tom is going to be there tonight with Mary.
I suspect that Tom is going to be there tonight with Mary.
I suspect Tom doesn't do that as often as he used to.
I suspect that Tom doesn't do that as often as he used to.
I suspect Tom and Mary need to do that sometime today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary need to do that sometime today.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't need to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't need to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't going to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that today.
I suspect Tom and Mary are sick of each other by now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are sick of each other by now.
Tom's teacher suspected Tom had cheated on the test.
Tom's teacher suspected that Tom had cheated on the test.
The police suspect Tom also murdered his first wife.
I suspect Tom went to Boston last weekend with Mary.
I suspect that Tom went to Boston last weekend with Mary.
I suspect Tom can't understand French all that well.
I suspect that Tom can't understand French all that well.
I suspect Tom and Mary want us to help them do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want us to help them do that.
Tom suspected that Mary and John were dating each other.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't need to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't need to do that today.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't have to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't have to do that today.
Tom began to suspect that something wasn't quite right.
I suspected Tom was disappointed with the results.
I suspected that Tom was disappointed with the results.
I suspected Tom had never actually ever done that.
I suspected that Tom had never actually ever done that.
I suspect Tom would do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom would do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect Tom would do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom would do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything you tell him.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything that you say.
I suspect Tom needs to do that sometime this week.
I suspect that Tom needs to do that sometime this week.
I suspect Tom did that just to get some attention.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised to see John.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised to see John.
I suspect Tom and Mary want us to help them today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want us to help them today.
I suspect Tom and Mary need to do that right away.
I suspect that Tom and Mary need to do that right away.
I suspect Tom and Mary both have to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both have to do that today.
Tom suspected Mary was the one who had done that.
Tom suspected that Mary was the one who had done that.
The police suspect Tom was trying to poison Mary.
I suspect Tom will do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom will do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect Tom will do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom will do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect Tom doesn't do his homework by himself.
I suspect Tom and Mary do that from time to time.
I suspect that Tom and Mary do that from time to time.
Why do you suspect Tom was the one who did that?
I suspect Tom would be interested in doing that.
I suspect that Tom would be interested in doing that.
I suspect Tom isn't going to do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom isn't going to do that by himself.
I suspect Tom is still in love with his ex-wife.
I suspect that Tom is still in love with his ex-wife.
I suspect Tom has to do that sometime this week.
I suspect that Tom has to do that sometime this week.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I suspect Tom and Mary were there by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were there by themselves.
I suspect Tom and Mary are skeptical about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are skeptical about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are scared of each other.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are scared of each other.
I suspect that they water down the beer in that pub.
I suspect Tom will probably regret what he did.
I suspect that Tom will probably regret what he did.
I suspect Tom is unaware of what Mary has done.
I suspect Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
I suspect Tom didn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning to get married.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't in Australia now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't in Australia now.
I suspected Tom had never actually done that.
I suspected that Tom had never actually done that.
I suspected Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspected that Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspected Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspected that Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspected Tom didn't really have to do that.
I suspected that Tom didn't really have to do that.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he did that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he did that.
I suspect Tom won't help Mary do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom won't help Mary do that anymore.
I suspect Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect Tom expects me to help Mary do that.
I suspect that Tom expects me to help Mary do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom can't do that without some help.
I suspect that Tom can't do that without some help.
I suspect Tom and Mary are worried about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are worried about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are running a con game.
Police suspect the kidnappers could be armed.
I suspected something like this might happen.
I suspected Tom had fallen in love with Mary.
I suspect Tom won't want to do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom won't want to do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I suspect that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I suspect Tom is waiting for us in the lobby.
I suspect that Tom is waiting for us in the lobby.
I suspect Tom is the one who stole the money.
I suspect Tom has to go to Boston next month.
I suspect that Tom has to go to Boston next month.
I suspect Tom has never done that by himself.
I suspect that Tom has never done that by himself.
I suspect Tom has finished doing that by now.
I suspect that Tom has finished doing that by now.
I suspect Tom has agreed to do that for Mary.
I suspect that Tom has agreed to do that for Mary.
I suspect Tom expects me to help him do that.
I suspect that Tom expects me to help him do that.
I suspect Tom didn't really need to be there.
I suspect that Tom didn't really need to be there.
I suspect Tom can't understand French at all.
I suspect that Tom can't understand French at all.
I suspect Tom and Mary went to Boston by car.
I suspect that Tom and Mary went to Boston by car.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't busy right now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't busy right now.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both really tired.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both really tired.
I suspect Tom and Mary agree with me on this.
I suspect that Tom and Mary agree with me on this.
I always suspected Tom was a little paranoid.
Tom had no reason to suspect Mary was lying.
The police suspect Tom poisoned Mary's food.
I suspected that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money.
I suspect Tom won't want to do that with us.
I suspect that Tom won't want to do that with us.
I suspect Tom won't want to dance with Mary.
I suspect that Tom won't want to dance with Mary.
I suspect Tom won't wait until we get there.
I suspect that Tom won't wait until we get there.
I suspect Tom won't need to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom won't need to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom knows who Mary's boyfriend is.
I suspect that Tom knows who Mary's boyfriend is.
I suspect Tom isn't likely to do that today.
I suspect that Tom isn't likely to do that today.
I suspect Tom is up to his old tricks again.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom has to go to Boston next week.
I suspect that Tom has to go to Boston next week.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that again.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that again.
I suspect Tom doesn't often do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't often do that anymore.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't go to Boston last week.
I suspect that Tom didn't go to Boston last week.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
I suspect Tom and Mary are wrong about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are wrong about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are right about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are right about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are ready to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
Tom suspected it was too late to help Mary.
Tom suspected Mary had cheated on the test.
Tom began to suspect Mary was lying to him.
Tom began to suspect that Mary was lying to him.
The police suspected Tom was a drug dealer.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary who did that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary who did that.
I suspect Tom will come to Boston by plane.
I suspect that Tom will come to Boston by plane.
I suspect Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I suspect that Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't speak French at work.
I suspect that Tom doesn't speak French at work.
I suspect Tom can do that without any help.
I suspect that Tom can do that without any help.
Tom began to suspect that Mary would leave him.
I suspect that it was Tom who broke the window.
I suspect Tom won't wait very much longer.
I suspect that Tom won't wait very much longer.
I suspect Tom won't need to do that again.
I suspect that Tom won't need to do that again.
I suspect Tom went to Boston last weekend.
I suspect that Tom went to Boston last weekend.
I suspect Tom does that from time to time.
I suspect that Tom does that from time to time.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't very hungry.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't very hungry.
I suspect Tom and Mary are ready to leave.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are ready to leave.
Tom began to suspect that something was wrong.
I suspect Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I suspect that Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I suspect Tom isn't the one who did that.
I suspect that Tom isn't the one who did that.
I suspect Tom is downstairs, watching TV.
I suspect that Tom is downstairs, watching TV.
I suspect Tom is a cold-blooded murderer.
I suspect Tom and Mary were busy all day.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were busy all day.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both mistaken.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both mistaken.
I suspect Tom and Mary are a bit puzzled.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are a bit puzzled.
I suspected that Tom wouldn't be able to win.
I suspect Tom won't be doing that today.
I suspect that Tom won't be doing that today.
I suspect Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I suspect Tom is in his office, working.
I suspect that Tom is in his office, working.
I suspect Tom didn't do this by himself.
I suspect that Tom didn't do this by himself.
Didn't you suspect Tom was lying to you?
I suspect Tom won't do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom won't do that by himself.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I can't help suspecting Tom lied to us.
I can't help suspecting that Tom lied to us.
Tom suspected his father was dyslexic.
Tom suspected Mary had a crush on him.
I suspect you know why I'm here today.
I suspect that you know why I'm here today.
I suspect Tom wasn't really surprised.
I suspect that Tom wasn't really surprised.
I suspect Tom isn't telling the truth.
I suspect Tom isn't in Boston anymore.
I suspect that Tom isn't in Boston anymore.
I suspect Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I suspect that Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are successful.
I suspected Tom was lying about that.
I suspected that Tom was lying about that.
I suspect Tom will hate what you did.
I suspect that Tom will hate what you did.
I suspect that Tom will do that next week.
I suspect Tom lied to you about that.
I suspect that Tom lied to you about that.
I suspect Tom knows where Mary lives.
I suspect that Tom knows where Mary lives.
I suspect Tom isn't ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom isn't ready to do that.
I suspect Tom is tired of doing that.
I suspect that Tom is tired of doing that.
I suspect Tom is prepared to do that.
I suspect that Tom is prepared to do that.
I suspect Tom can do that on his own.
I suspect that Tom can do that on his own.
I suspect Tom can do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom can do that by himself.
Tom suspected Mary was lying to him.
I suspect that you don't need to do that.
I suspect that you don't have to do that.
I suspect Tom is worried about that.
I suspect that Tom is worried about that.
Tom suspected Mary was using drugs.
Tom suspected that Mary was using drugs.
I suspect that you've already done that.
I suspect Tom will hate doing that.
I suspect that Tom will hate doing that.
I suspect Tom is in love with Mary.
I suspect Tom is at home, sleeping.
I suspect that Tom is at home, sleeping.
I suspect Tom has done that before.
I suspect that Tom has done that before.
Tom suspected that something was wrong.
I suspect what Tom said was a lie.
I suspect that what Tom said was a lie.
I suspect Tom won't do that today.
I suspect that Tom won't do that today.
I suspect Tom is right about that.
I suspect that Tom is right about that.
I suspect Tom is ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom is ready to do that.
I suspect Tom cheated on the test.
Tom suspected that it might be a trap.
I suspect Tom wasn't really sick.
I suspect that Tom wasn't really sick.
I suspect Tom knows this already.
I suspect that Tom got what he wanted.
I suspect Tom did that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom did that yesterday.
Tom suspected Mary was involved.
I suspect that you know why I'm here.
I suspect Tom will be back soon.
I suspect that Tom will be back soon.
Tom suspected that Mary was kidding.
I suspected Tom was a Canadian.
I suspected that Tom was a Canadian.
I suspect Tom wasn't surprised.
I suspect that Tom wasn't surprised.
I suspected that this would happen.
I suspect that this was deliberate.
Tom suspected Mary was lying.
I suspected it was too late.
I suspected that it was too late.
I suspected Tom was unhappy.
I suspected that Tom was unhappy.
I suspect you won't like it.
I suspect that they're all gone.
I suspect that Tom knows more.
I suspect Tom was lying.
I suspect that Tom was lying.
I suspect that you're wrong.
I suspect that you're right.
I suspect that Tom is a spy.
A lawn needs to be mowed regularly and in the right way.
I'm glad that I wasn't the one who had to tell Tom that his wife had been killed.
Tom had a sneaking suspicion Mary had met up with John after the party.
I think all the coffee that I've been drinking in the afternoon is why I haven't been sleeping well.
Tom backed his car up to check, but the raccoon that he'd run over was as dead as a doornail.
Tom knew Mary wasn't very likely to be able to do what she was trying to do.
Instead of focusing on the ways that we're different, let's focus on the ways that we're similar.
I didn't know Tom was the one who taught you how to play the ukulele.
Tom didn't realize Mary didn't have enough money to buy food for her children.
At that time, Tom didn't know that Mary was the one he'd eventually get married to.
Tom knew Mary was very unlikely to be able to do what she wanted to do.
Tom didn't seem to care Mary didn't do what he asked her to do.
Tom knew Mary wasn't likely to be ready when he got to her house.
It's an unfinished novel.
I have absolute faith in you.
Who do you usually go to the movies with?
Next year I will return to Macao.
Ken has a lot more books than you.
She breaks out in hives if she eats shellfish.
Tom has a lot more books than you.
Everyone knows that they like each other.
Everybody knows that they like each other.
Everybody knows they like each other.
Everyone knows Tom and Mary like each other.
Everybody knows that Tom and Mary like each other.
Everybody knows Tom and Mary like each other.
Both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
Tom and Mary have both been hurt.
Did you know that that was going to happen?
Did you know that that was happening?
Did you know that that was there?
Did you know that that would happen?
Did you know your air conditioner is broken?
Did you know your brake lights are out?
Did you know your door was open?
Did you know your oven doesn't work?
Did you know your socks don't match?
Did you not know that that was going to happen?
Do your neighbors know your house is haunted?
Do your parents know you're here?
Tom and Mary know something interesting is about to happen.
Tom and Mary know that something interesting is about to happen.
I suspected Tom liked boys.
Did you all not know that that was going to happen?
Didn't you know that that was going to happen?
Didn't you know that that would happen?
How could I know that that was going to happen?
How did we not know that that this was going to happen?
How did you know that that was going to happen?
How did you know that that would happen?
How do you know that that'll happen?
I didn't know that that was going to happen.
I didn't know that that was supposed to happen.
I didn't know that that would happen.
I know that that can't really happen.
I know that that won't happen again.
I know that that won't happen anytime soon.
I know that that won't happen today.
We both know that that's unlikely to happen.
We know that that won't happen anymore.
We know that that's never going to happen.
You know that that's not going to happen, don't you?
You know that that's what's going to happen.
Both of us knew that that would happen.
I knew that that would happen.
I knew that that was going to happen.
I knew this would happen again.
We knew that that was bound to happen.
We knew that that might happen.
Obviously, I knew that that was going to happen.
I always knew one day this would happen.
We all knew it would happen sooner or later.
Both Tom and Mary know that that isn't likely to happen.
How could Tom know that that was going to happen?
How could Tom not know that that was going to happen?
How did Tom know that that was going to happen?
How did Tom know that that would happen?
I didn't know that something like this could happen.
I happen to know Tom can't speak French.
I happen to know Tom sold his car last week.
I know something bad is going to happen.
I know something bad is likely to happen.
I want Tom to know I didn't mean for this to happen.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that that won't happen anytime soon.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that that won't happen today.
Tom and Mary both know that that isn't likely to happen.
Tom claims he didn't know that that was going to happen.
Tom didn't know that that was going to happen.
Tom didn't know that that would happen.
Tom doesn't know that that won't happen anytime soon.
Tom doesn't know that that won't happen today.
You know that that isn't likely to happen, don't you?
Sami isn't in the mood to do this now.
Sami graduated in June.
Sami just graduated high school.
Sami did that all the time.
Sami went with Layla to get her first tattoo.
Sami really doesn't remember Layla.
Sami wanted to go to a party.
Sami invited Layla to a party.
Mennad is in Cairo.
Sami knows the Cairo area.
Sami lives in a very suburban area.
Sami didn't have a motorbike.
Sami and Layla rolled up to the party.
Both Tom and Mary know that that's unlikely to happen.
Tom and Mary both know that that's unlikely to happen.
Sami parked his car in Layal's parking spot.
Sami could park anywhere.
Mennad has a parking space near his house.
Sami looked like a baby.
Sami and Layla just turned sixteen.
Sami drove there by himself.
Sami was just walking around the party.
Sami didn't know how to describe it.
Sami caught Layla off guard.
Sami is drunk as fuck.
Sami has brought his hookah in a backpack.
Sami and Layla don't even care.
Sami was smoking the hookah.
Sami hated the party.
Sami walked in with his girlfriend.
Sami had long dreadlocks.
Sami came literally out of nowhere.
Sami came out of nowhere.
Sami and Layla were smoking the hookah.
Sami doesn't know how old Layla was at the time.
Sami was so insecure.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is so insecure.
Sami doesn't want anyone to talk to his girlfriend.
Sami didn't want anyone to talk to his bitch.
Sami was talking to everybody at the party.
Sami left his girlfriend alone.
Sami is talking to Farid's girl.
Sami was talking to Farid's girlfriend.
Sami and Layla are still talking.
Sami and Layla were talking in the kitchen.
Sami saw his girlfriend talking to a boy.
Sami saw his girlfriend talking to dude at the party.
Sami looked so scared.
Sami pulled his shirt off.
Sami saw the gun.
Sami saw Layla's gun.
Sami put the hookah back into his backpack.
Sami had a gun.
Sami started walking towards his car.
Sami's car was in the garage.
Sami was walking with his girlfriend.
Sami hates this work environment.
Sami and Layla ride the same bus.
Sami hit Layla's brand new car.
Sami bought a brand new car.
Sami has a brand new car.
Sami has a brand new Ford Focus.
Sami hit somebody's car with Layla's car.
Sami hit somebody's Ford with Layla's car.
Sami was stealing from Layla.
Sami smacked Layla in the face.
Sami was smashing his female co-workers.
Sami works at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami totalled Layal's Ford Focus.
Sami did the morning shift.
Sami never usually does the morning shift.
You know that that isn't going to happen, don't you?
You and I both know that that isn't going to happen.
Didn't you know Tom did that?
Didn't you know Tom didn't like Mary?
Didn't you know Tom was here?
Did you know carp eat tadpoles?
Didn't you know Tom is afraid of you?
Didn't you know Tom had a dog?
Did you know rotten eggs float?
Didn't you know Tom is in Boston now?
Didn't you know Tom would win?
Didn't you know that that was there?
Did you know that that's from Boston?
Did you know that Tom bought a condominium?
Didn't you know I used to do that?
Didn't you know Tom was Canadian?
Did you know mosquitoes have teeth?
Didn't you know Tom also speaks French?
Didn't you know that that was happening?
Didn't you know Tom saw you doing that?
Didn't you know Tom wouldn't win?
Didn't you know your door was open?
Didn't you know Tom is a French teacher?
Didn't you know Tom was a painter?
Didn't you know oil floats on water?
Didn't you know Tom was going to Boston?
Didn't you know Tom was an ex-con?
Didn't you know Tom spent time in prison?
Did you know men can get breast cancer?
Didn't you know Tom would be here?
Did you know peanuts aren't really nuts?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be here?
Didn't you know Tom has lots of cats?
Didn't you know Tom is from Boston?
Sami likes the night shift way better.
Didn't you know I used to be a taxi driver?
Did you know Tom is good at making coffee?
Did you know that Tom is good at making coffee?
Didn't you know Tom isn't Canadian?
Didn't you know peanuts aren't really nuts?
Didn't you know your taillights weren't working?
Didn't you know Tom could play the guitar?
Didn't you know Tom moved to Boston?
Didn't you know very few people actually do that?
Didn't you know Tom owned a scooter?
Didn't you know you were supposed to help me do that?
Did you know there's a rumor going around that you two are dating?
Did you know in Japan, if you have a tattoo, you won't be allowed to bathe in many of the hot spring resorts?
Sami started in the morning.
Sami had the rest of the day to himself.
Sami was leaving in his car.
Sami is ready to leave.
Sami was ready to leave that bitch.
Sami put his car in reverse.
Sami wasn't the best driver.
Sami was not the best driver.
Sami was not a good driver.
Sami wasn't a good driver.
Sami wanted to see what Layla was doing.
Sami wasn't even looking.
Sami turned around to look behind him.
Sami has an expensive car.
Sami had an expensive German car.
Sami had a Volkswagen.
Sami bought a BMW.
Sami is gonna be poor.
Sami is going to be poor.
Sami's insurance is already high.
Sami was getting paid dirt money.
Sami got out of Layla's car.
Sami knew Layla was a doctor.
Sami had a little name tag on his shirt.
Sami was obviously in the wrong.
Sami saw the damage.
Sami's car is blue.
Sami has a blue car.
Sami and Layla did the same thing.
Sami is so fucked.
I once knew a girl that snorted every time that she laughed.
I just got a letter from someone that I knew a long time ago.
That portrait reminds me of someone that I knew a long time ago.
Sami's wing mirror was dangling off his car.
Sami looked at Layla's car.
Sami looked at Layal's face.
Sami really can't afford this car.
Sami works at this Egyptian restaurant right here.
Sami's car is more fucked than Layla's.
Sami is going to pay for this.
Sami needed to pay more attention.
Sami doesn't know cars.
Sami found Layal's car in the driveway.
Sami found Layla's car in the parking lot.
Sami is paying for it.
Sami taped the wing mirror.
Sami just sat in his car.
Sami said that fixing his car was going to cost him six hundred dollars.
Sami told me this years ago.
Sami realized that he needed to do that.
Sami needed a lot of money to fix his car.
Sami needed a lot of money to get his car fixed.
Sami was so fricking poor.
Sami destoryed Layal's confidence.
Sami smacked into Layla's car.
Sami's car is six times more expensive than Layla's.
Sami is irritated.
Sami is living in a house.
Sami is living with his parents.
Sami is not always this hostile.
Sami is just irritated.
Sami is about to move out of this neighborhood.
Sami was doing weird shit.
Sami lives in that building.
Sami is going to post this video.
Sami's mom is a cat lady.
Sami's house smells of cat shit.
Sami's apartment reeks of cat shit.
Sami's apartment is disgusting.
Sami complained about that.
Sami was driving Layla to the gas station.
Sami drinks gallons of water.
Sami doesn't have any water.
Sami isn't trying to kill himself.
Sami isn't trying to kill himself or anybody else.
Sami's car was on the patio.
Sami didn't have a problem with that.
Sami wasn't bothered by Layla's cats.
Sami lives in that apartment.
Sami lived in an apartment.
Sami didn't say it like that.
Sami said it in a sarcastic way.
Sami took pictures of Layla's car.
Sami has only been here for six months.
Sami just moved into the building.
Sami's apartment smells of ammonia.
Sami's apartment smells of piss.
Sami's house smells of cat piss.
Sami's bed smells of bed.
Sami came to the car.
Sami walked out of his building.
Sami was wearing pyjamas.
Sami's cat was following Layla.
Sami's cat had a collar.
Sami lived with an elderly couple.
Sami was fresh out of jail.
Sami and Layla would see each other all the time.
Sami was in our building.
Sami just move there.
Sami and I were chilling.
Sami's cats were outside.
Sami's cat came out of his house.
Sami's cat was taking a shit right outside of my house.
Sami's cat was taking a shit in my backyard.
Sami took pictures of his cat taking a shit.
Sami bought cat food for his cats.
Sami got mad.
Sami was holding a mug in his hand.
Sami shouldn't bring that shit over here.
Sami's house smelt like urine.
Sami's cat pissed on my doormat.
Sami looked at me through the window.
Sami quickly closed the blinds.
Sami does that, too.
Sami was looking for his phone.
Sami watched that from his car.
Sami's cat took a shit in the hallway.
Sami's building was smelling of urine.
Sami is a nice person.
Sami called animal control.
Sami threw stones at Layla's cat.
Sami swept up that trash.
Sami fed his cats in the backyard.
Sami posted the message on the forum.
Sami brought the cats in his house.
Sami's cats looked scruffy.
Sami let the cat in his house.
Sami has his own apartment.
In rainy day, you have to drive your car slowly.
Tom is a black-haired man.
Sami is here somewhere.
Sami is a real pussy.
Sami is really tall.
Sami is working on it.
Sami liked it.
Sami liked this.
Sami has posted the video.
Sami didn't want to confuse Layla.
Sami won't watch the video.
Sami isn't watching the video.
Sami set the bathroom on fire.
Sami got fire, as you guys know.
Sami highly recommends you to watch this video.
Sami needs to make a list.
Sami doesn't know what's going on.
Sami does not know what is going on.
Sami has told Layla already.
Sami watched the original video.
Sami watched this video before he watched Layla's.
Sami can't say why.
Sami knew that something was going on.
Sami knows that something is going on.
Sami met Layla right after Christmas.
Sami was trying to guess where Layla worked.
Sami was desperate for cash.
Sami worked for Walmart.
Sami worked for a pretty big company.
Sami knows Layla personally.
Sami is drinking tea.
Sami was drinking some tea.
Sami got one of the girls pregnant at the job.
Sami was smashing one of the girls at the job.
Sami wanted to work at Walmart.
Sami will never be broke again.
Sami swore to himself that he would never be broke again.
Sami is broke already.
Sami is broke again.
Sami paid his rent early.
Sami did this to relieve his stress.
Sami wanted to keep Layla awake.
Sami tried to keep Layla awake.
Sami never expected this.
Sami is going to need this.
Sami is gonna need this.
Sami got a gift card.
Sami was rewarded by his company.
Sami drank black coffee.
Sami knows people like that in college.
Sami went to college to get a degree.
Sami wants to get a degree.
Sami wanted to get a degree.
Sami was sitting next to us.
Sami learned this in college.
Sami needs that cafeine to keep going.
Sami was going to his annual appointment with his doctor.
Sami was downing and downing coffee.
Sami drinks a lot of coffee.
Sami is too young for this.
Sami needs to sober.
Sami drank sugar-free Red Bull.
Sami had to be at work at six p.m.
Sami said that was illegal.
Sami no longer smoked weed.
Sami doesn't want to smoke weed tonight.
Sami decided to quit smoking weed.
Sami smoked weed at the job.
Sami smoked weed at work.
Sami reeked of weed.
Sami smelt like a weed farm.
Sami hired people within his family.
Sami had a family business.
Sami was a janitor.
Sami was super polite.
Sami is around my age.
Sami dumped that into the big trash can.
Sami was friendly.
Sami found this in the bathroom.
Sami has to clean the bathroom.
Sami found Layla's panties behind the bathroom doro.
Sami found some cocaine in the bathroom.
Sami knows what cocaine looks like.
Sami knew what weed looked like.
Sami knew what weed smelt like.
Sami was snorting cocaine.
Sami was doing cocaine at work.
Sami sold some weed to the janitor.
Sami sells weed in high school.
Sami sold weed in school.
Sami was caught selling weed in school.
Sami earned a lot of money selling weed.
Sami wanted to dispose of the weed.
Sami needs to dispose of the weed.
Sami and Layla had that conversation a few days later.
Sami was doing drugs on the premices.
Sami and Layla both smoked weed.
Sami didn't smoke weed anymore.
Sami didn't smoke any weed anymore.
Sami stopped smoking weed for six months.
Sami couldn't stop smoking.
Sami couldn't stop smoking weed.
Sami just couldn't stop smoking weed.
Sami said he couldn't stop smoking weed.
Sami works the night shift.
Sami knew that Layla was smoking weed.
Sami usually smokes weed.
Sami can smell weed from a mile away.
Sami reported Layla to the supervisor.
Sami was smoking weed at his desk.
Sami is smoking weed in his office.
Sami clocked in at six a.m.
Sami had burn marks.
Sami put the blunt on the floor.
Sami locked himself in the bathroom to smoke a blunt.
Sami was in there, smoking weed.
Sami was in there, smoking weed, and he tried to cover it up by smoking a cigarette.
Sami called the fire department to put the fire out.
Sami didn't smoke in the bathrooms.
Sami never smokes in the bathrooms.
Sami knows that everyone smokes weed here.
Sami was selling weed to his students.
Sami found some trans people really attractive.
Sami went to a unisex bathroom.
Sami smokes weed at the job.
Sami loves to read what his followers think.
Sami loves to read what his YouTube followers think.
Sami never stole anything.
Sami has just recorded a new video.
Sami is done filming.
Sami was hired before Layla got fired.
Sami can't take his vacation during peak season.
Sami worked in the loss prevention department.
Sami is a professional scammer.
Sami did a separate video on that.
Sami stole a credit card.
Sami started working at six.
Sami hasn't noticed that.
Sami doesn't have any money to buy Christmas presents for his family.
Why do you keep provoking them?
Sami asked Layla to give him his money back.
Sami pretended that his shit was stolen.
Sami pretended that his stuff was stolen.
Sami said this in a private video.
Sami's name was there.
Sami wanted to buy something from Walmart.
Sami went to YouTube.
Sami went to youtube.com.
Sami probably doesn't know what Walmart is.
Sami doesn't want to reveal too much.
Sami was nervous that his students wouldn't like that.
Sami tried to steal some shit.
Sami was trying to steal shit.
Sami checked that manually.
Sami definitely needs this.
Sami lied.
Sami had to manually check this.
Sami checked the order and said it was good.
Sami needs to check the order.
Sami heard an airplane.
Sami lives near the airport.
Sami is the only person who thinks like that.
Sami checked the order himself.
Sami came into work at six.
Sami needed to be escorted out of the building.
Sami committed a crime and he went to work the next day.
Sami clocked in.
Sami didn't see the cops.
Sami is not in the room.
Sami isn't in the room.
Sami saw the cops outside.
Sami talked the the boss.
Sami went straight to Layla.
Sami can't reveal this information.
Sami stole some sensible credit card information from his company.
Sami was reviewing orders.
Sami was reviewing credit card disputes.
Sami went up to Layla and started yelling at her.
Sami stole a gift card.
Sami stole Layal's gift card.
Sami lost his gift card.
Sami forgot his gift card at the office.
Sami didn't ask Layla to do anything.
Sami wrote the wrong shipping address.
Sami is not going to know.
Sami isn't going to know.
Sami went to Walmart to buy this.
Sami needed to go to Walmart to buy this.
Sami needed to go to Walmart to buy that.
Sami had six credit cards.
Sami had a gift card.
Sami found Layla's credit card.
Sami took the bus to the bank.
Sami was given his money bank.
Sami has to go to his bank.
Sami left the room with the cops.
Sami was ignoring them.
Sami was waiting for the cops.
Sami dug even further.
Sami googled Layla's name.
Sami had a criminal record.
Sami didn't know that Farid was an ex-con.
Sami's girlfriend was an ex-con.
Sami has recently been hired.
Sami was in handcuffs.
Sami was in a room.
Sami wanted to see what Layla looked like.
Sami is a shoplifter.
Sami robbed some shit from Walmart.
Sami stole from the job.
Sami knew Layla personally.
Sami actually knew Layla personally.
Sami is not familiar with this cartoon.
Sami isn't familiar with this cartoon.
Sami wanted to keep this going.
Sami didn't want to disclose the name of the company.
Sami wants you to do it.
Sami is a major scammer.
Sami was talking to a customer.
Sami was on the phone, talking to a customer.
Sami was transferred from customer service.
Sami didn't even introduce himself.
Sami was on the phone with somebody else.
Sami heard that Layla had been having issues.
Sami doesn't know the customer's name.
Sami doesn't have the order number.
Sami didn't want to help that customer.
Sami transferred the call to his boss.
Sami can't say that.
Sami really likes peanuts.
Sami really liked clocks.
Sami has a clock collection.
Sami didn't say this on the phone.
Sami had some weird infatuation for cows.
Sami is taller than you.
Sami was comparing Layla to his wife.
Sami weighs pounds.
Layla is not your wife.
Layla isn't your wife.
Sami wanted to buy a watch.
Sami was watching that show.
Sami can not give you his address.
Sami cannot give you his address.
Sami is living in a hotel room right now.
Sami spends all his money on clocks.
Sami is obsessed with clocks.
Sami was glad to hear how dedicated Layla was for animals.
Sami can't pay rent.
Sami can't pay rent because he's always buying books.
Sami and Layla had kids.
Sami and Layla had children.
Sami had to download that, too.
Sami bought Layla a clock.
Sami can't send any pictures to Layla.
Sami didn't want to make Layla uncomfortable.
Sami cannot send any pictures to Layla.
Sami doesn't live in Cairo.
Sami had to disconnect that call.
Sami caught somebody stealing at the office.
Sami begged Layla not to hang up.
Sami liked black girls.
Sami lost his job that day.
Sami found that inappropriate.
Sami was being prejudiced.
Sami doesn't even know what Layla looked like.
Sami had a different speaking voice on the phone.
Sami talks proper on the phone.
Sami talks proper.
Sami trained his voice to do that.
Sami trained his voice to do that accent.
Sami continued to call over and over and over again.
Sami made a lot of orders.
Sami used to call Layla's job all the time.
Aart tried to bomb Layla's job.
Sami caught Layla and Salima smashing.
Sami caught two girls smashing at work.
Sami caught Layla smashing another girl.
Sami didn't know Layla was lesbian.
Aart tried to bomb Layla's office.
Aart is a fucking racist.
Sami wants to use the bathroom.
Sami found a lesbian couple smashing in the bathroom.
Sami isn't talking about them.
Layla is married to a woman.
Sami said that Layla and Salima were married.
Sami said that Layla and Salima were a lesbian couple.
Sami and Layla rode together.
Sami and Layla eat together.
Sami took a shit.
Sami found hair on the floor.
Sami's toilet is more disgusting than the gas station toilet.
Sami was the only one there.
Sami thought he was the only one there.
Sami was cleaning up after himself.
Some things you can't change, no matter how unfair they are.
Sami sat on that disgusting toilet seat.
Sami walked out of the bathroom stall.
Sami was taking a shit in the bathroom.
Sami took a shit in that toilet stall.
Sami started to piss.
Sami caught Layla smashing a girl in the toilet.
Sami was taking a shit.
Sami was having a shit.
Sami heard another moan.
Sami heard a moan.
Sami flushed the toilet and walked out of the stall.
Sami was washing his hands.
Sami started running the water.
Sami thought that Layla was fucking someone.
Sami was fucking.
Sami was fucking in his room.
Sami was a peeping tom.
Sami was bisexual.
Sami had his gay moments.
Sami met a lesbian married couple.
Sami and Layla fucked in the bathroom.
Sami wasn't wearing pants.
Sami was sitting on the toilet.
Sami sat his bare ass in that disgusting toilet seat.
Sami watched for a few seconds.
Sami probably watched for a few minutes.
Sami found tissue paper all over the place.
Sami was dirty as fuck.
Sami's toilet was dirty as fuck.
Sami walked back to the sink.
Sami's bathroom was disgusting.
Layla and Salima were fingerbanging.
Sami went up there.
Sami wanted to shave his head.
Sami was shaving his head.
Sami was ready to do that.
Sami walked in there.
Sami went back to the sink.
Sami kept the sink running.
Sami doesn't know anything about the gay community.
Sami and Layla are on the floor.
Layla walked in on two girls smashing in the bathroom.
Sami is feeling so much better.
Sami was feeling so much better than he did before.
Sami wanted to get noticed on YouTube.
Sami was really fucking gross.
Sami curses a lot.
Sami looks similar to Richard Gere.
Sami and Layla got hired at the same time.
Sami didn't really know if Layla and Salima were sisters or not.
Sami and Farid look similar.
Sami was trying to be Layla's friend.
Layla has a nice style about her.
Sami's style was so unique.
Sami gravitated around Layla.
Sami found Layla very pretty.
Sami didn't get what I was saying.
Layla wore a really nice wig.
Sami comes to work every other day.
Layla and Salima were sisters.
Sami does his job every day.
Sami was talking to customers in a rude way.
Sami was rude to customers.
Sami wasn't satisfied.
Sami's service was rated.
Sami got a bad score.
Sami is talking to a customer.
Layla was a lesbian.
Sami was very gender-fluid.
Sami had a little crush on Layla.
Sami is way more confrontational than Layla.
Layla was interested in women.
Sami doesn't want to make Layla uncomfortable.
Sami was tired of me.
Sami's response caught Layla off guard.
Sami doesn't consider himself part of the gay community.
Sami is bisexual and doesn't consider himself part of the gay community.
Sami found this gross.
Sami never said that.
Sami was loud as fuck.
Sami is loud.
Sami was offending Layla.
Sami doesn't like the biscuits.
Sami is just doing his work.
Sami turned his desk around.
Sami was facing Layla.
Sami puked all in front of me and Layla.
Sami kept puking.
Sami got vomit on his chest and pants.
Layla might be pregnant.
Sami was puking.
Layla had a really pretty face.
Layla did have a really pretty face.
Sami cleaned up his desk.
Sami called the janitor.
Sami had to clean his office up.
Sami found this disgusting.
Layla had a baby.
Sami was hired during the holiday season.
Sami will not let Layla go.
Layla hasn't been pregnant before.
Sami likes babies.
Sami is wearing a hoodie.
Sami isn't wearing a shirt.
Sami is not wearing a shirt.
Layla just bought this wig.
Layla bought this wig from Amazon.
Sami's wig is shitty.
Sami got a wig from Amazon.
Sami bought two wigs from Amazon.
Layla likes long wigs.
Layla bought a blonde wig.
Sami passed away around six years ago.
Sami had a really funny time with Layla.
Sami doesn't like this wig.
Sami doesn't like Layla's wig.
Sami's neighborhood was well lit.
Sami came to Layla's neighborhood to hang out.
Sami lived in a neighborhood where there were multiple pools.
Sami had a class with Layla in senior year.
Sami's and Layla's last names started with B.
Sami was older.
Sami was a senior in high school.
Sami probably failed.
Sami probably died.
Sami knows Layla since high school.
Sami would pick on Layla because she was so quiet.
Sami didn't want to talk to people.
Sami asked Layla to leave him alone.
Sami asked Layla to leave Salima alone.
Sami was a few months older than Layla;
Sami was picking on Layla's younger sister.
Sami was six months older than Layla.
Sami and Layla went trick-or-treating together.
Sami doesn't remember the nickname he gave Layla.
Sami gave the math teacher a nickname.
Sami doesn't remember the nickname he gave the math teacher.
Sami liked soccer.
Sami is gonna be the main character of the story.
Sami was the ringleader.
Sami is going to be the main character of the story.
Sami is familiar with Cairo.
Sami is a redneck.
Sami was telling that to everybody.
Sami doesn't know how long this has been going on.
Sami used to pick on me.
Sami wasn't as close to Layla as Farid was.
Sami's mom was cool, too.
Sami blended in with the clique.
Sami quickly blended in with the clique.
Sami tried to blend in with the clique.
Sami called Farid "fag."
Sami drove a pick-up truck with a confederate flag on it.
Sami was a black dude.
Sami wore pink girly shirts.
Sami hung out with white rednecks.
Sami was in the back of the pick-up truck.
Sami is so weird.
Sami was so weird.
Sami was on the passenger side of the truck.
Sami was sitting in the passenger seat of the truck.
Sami knows Layla, too.
Sami was very flamboyant but not gay.
Sami was very gender-fluid but not gay.
Sami was talking to white rednecks.
Sami and Layla were being casual.
Sami was being casual with his students.
Sami was chilling with a bunch of white rednecks.
Sami showed us Layla's house.
Sami drove down that road.
Sami took pictures with a confederate flag.
Sami posted the pictures on the Internet.
Sami was seen with a confederate flag.
Sami was seen carrying a Nazi flag.
Sami had a soccer ball.
Sami lent Layla his soccer ball.
Sami ran out of the car.
Sami threw the bottle on the floor.
Sami dropped his phone on the dirt.
Sami was fighting.
Sami was beating the fuck out of Layla.
Sami was not muscular.
Sami was beating the fuck out of Farid's ass.
Sami was beating the shit out of Farid's ass.
Sami ran to the truck.
Sami kicked one of the cops.
Sami started bleeding profusely.
Sami needed to stop.
Sami drove to the hospital.
Sami was recording it.
Sami knows that Layla recorded the fight.
Sami was talking about his neighborhood.
Sami had to get stitches.
Sami needed to get stitches.
Sami was downloading porn videos.
Sami was a fucking mess.
Sami pulled up.
Sami has just died.
Sami is going to judge you anyway.
Sami was dancing naked.
Sami found this funny.
Sami has never seen my face before.
Sami has just done some stupid shit.
Sami is usually the black sheep of the family.
Sami was the black sheep of the family.
Sami and Layla were just chilling.
Sami and Layla were watching YouTube together.
Sami and Layla were watching YouTube videos.
Sami and Layla haven't lived together for six years.
Sami has just got his first little job.
Sami was just very spoilt.
Sami's car is newer than my car.
Sami liked that.
Sami doesn't have a job.
Sami had a big car.
Sami is tall, so he needs a big car.
Sami played football.
Sami doesn't really know how to talk to girls.
It's not as scary as you think.
Tom looked a bit worried.
Monkeys love bananas.
Tom loves bananas.
Mary also likes bananas.
No one really cares what you have to say.
I hope I made the right decision.
I hope you won't take this the wrong way.
I hope he didn't take that too hard.
I hope Tom didn't take that too hard.
I hope Tom didn't take it too hard.
I'm sorry, but there's no other way.
You can have as many as you want.
He didn't want to tell me.
She didn't want to tell me.
I couldn't help overhearing a bit of your conversation.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation.
Tom was a little disheartened.
Mary was a little disheartened.
Mary slammed the phone down.
Tom slammed the phone down.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation with Tom.
Tom didn't want to tell me.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation with him.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation with her.
Tom is in his late teens.
Tom spilled some tea on the table.
Mary is in her late teens.
Tom is in his early forties.
Tom and Mary sipped their tea in silence.
Tom sipped his tea in silence.
Lately, nostalgia has been a common topic.
I forgot to take care of that.
Will it help?
Can you make a small change?
Tom has too many social obligations.
It seems like it's backwards.
I just can't stop.
You've lied to me before.
You've lied to me before. Why should I trust you now?
I've had all that I can eat.
I know I have to be better.
I know I have to do better.
I know that I have to do better.
I tell people all the time they should do that.
I tell people all the time that they should do that.
I did the very best I could.
I did the very best that I could.
Tom did the very best he could.
Tom did the very best that he could.
I can't help but think we're doing this wrong.
I can't help but think that we're doing this wrong.
I can't help but think we're making a mistake.
I can't help but think that we're making a mistake.
I know a lot of people who wish they were richer.
I know a lot of people who wish that they were richer.
Tom said I didn't have to do that today.
Tom said that I didn't have to do that today.
I know we have what it takes.
I know that we have what it takes.
Didn't you know Tom was going out with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom was in Boston last week?
Didn't you know Tom was in Boston last year?
Didn't you know Tom was seeing someone else?
Didn't you know Tom would be here this week?
Didn't you know Tom and I are Mary's parents?
Didn't you know Tom isn't really from Boston?
Didn't you know Tom and I often sing together?
Didn't you know Tom isn't planning to do that?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't having a good time?
Didn't you know Tom and I had to do that alone?
Didn't you know Tom had a house on Park Street?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be here today?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't paid for doing that?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't planning to do that?
Didn't you know Tom and I often travel together?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary often eat together?
Didn't you know Tom passed away three years ago?
Didn't you know Tom and I often do that together?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary often sing together?
Didn't you know Tom isn't planning on doing that?
Didn't you know Tom is an extremely gifted artist?
Didn't you know Tom was going to Boston with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't planning on doing that?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary often travel together?
Didn't you know Tom was going to do that with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary often do that together?
Didn't you know Tom said he wasn't going to do that?
Didn't you know Tom doesn't understand French at all?
Didn't you know Tom saw you in the park this morning?
Didn't you know Tom passed away about three years ago?
Didn't you know that Tom passed away about three years ago?
Didn't you know Tom was going to go fishing with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom was planning to go to Boston with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be in Boston all week?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be in Boston this week?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were writing a novel together?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be in Boston next October?
Didn't you know Tom was planning to attend today's meeting?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't planning to attend today's meeting?
Didn't you know Tom would be upset if he saw you kissing Mary?
Don't you know that everyone is talking about us?
Don't you know everyone is talking about us?
Don't you know everybody is talking about us?
I wanted to let you know that I'd be late.
I want you to know that I'll work very hard.
I want everybody to know that I'm not a murderer.
I want everybody to know that I'm not the one who did that.
I want everyone to know that I'm not the one who did that.
I want everyone to know about what happened.
I want everybody to know about what happened.
I think you know that that isn't true.
I think you know that that's not true.
I think you know that isn't true.
You're the only person I know who owns a gun.
You're the only person that I know who owns a gun.
You're the only person I know who likes getting up early in the morning.
You're the only person that I know who likes getting up early in the morning.
You're the only person that I know who never complains about the food here.
You're the only person that I know who has ever visited Boston.
You're the only person I know who has ever visited Boston.
You're the only person that I know who doesn't like bananas.
You're the only person I know who doesn't like bananas.
You're the only person that I know who can't swim.
You're the only Canadian I know who doesn't like bacon.
You're the only Canadian that I know who doesn't like bacon.
You should let Tom know that that's not going to happen.
You should let Tom know that that isn't going to happen.
We now know that that isn't true.
We now know that that's not true.
We now know that isn't true.
I need to know that someone cares.
Tom needs to know that someone cares.
Tom needs to know that somebody cares.
I need to know someone cares.
I need to know somebody cares.
Tom needs to know someone cares.
Tom needs to know somebody cares.
How many people do you know who don't have health insurance?
How many people do you know who can speak French?
I know you know I know.
I know you know I know Tom knows.
I know that you know that I know that Tom knows.
I know that you'll forgive me.
I know that you'll learn a lot.
I know that you're rich.
I know that we're not supposed to do that.
I know that we aren't supposed to do that.
I know we're not supposed to do that.
I know we aren't supposed to do that.
I know that we're not supposed to be doing this.
I know that we aren't supposed to be doing this.
I know that you're learning French at school.
I know that you're in love with me.
I know that you're busy.
I know that the last thing that you want to do is help me.
I know that the last thing that you want to do is hurt me.
I know the last thing that you want to do is help me.
I know the last thing you want to do is hurt me.
I know the last thing that you want to do is hurt me.
I know the last thing you want to do is help me.
I know that that'll be hard to do.
I know that that'll be difficult to do.
I know that'll be hard to do.
I know that'll be difficult to do.
I know that it's highly unlikely I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
I know it's highly unlikely I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
I know it's highly unlikely that I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
I know that it's hard to do that.
I know that it's difficult to do that.
I know it's hard to do that.
I know it's difficult to do that.
I know that it's highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me, but I still need to ask at least once.
I know that it's highly unlikely we'll see any whales today.
I know that it's highly unlikely that we'll see any whales today.
I know that it's highly unlikely we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
I know that it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
I know that it's highly unlikely anyone would be willing to help me.
I know that it's highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me.
I know that it's highly unlikely anyone knows me.
I know that it's highly unlikely that anyone knows me.
I know that it's highly unlikely anybody knows me.
I know that it's highly unlikely that anybody knows me.
I know that it's highly unlikely anyone can help me.
I know that it's highly unlikely that anyone can help me.
I know that it's highly unlikely anybody can help me.
I know that it's highly unlikely that anybody can help me.
I know I did nothing wrong.
I know that I can't do that as well as you.
I know that I can't do that as well as you can.
I know that I can't do that as well as Tom.
I know that I can't do that as well as Tom can.
I'm sure I calculated the bill correctly.
I'm sure that I calculated the bill correctly.
I know that I'm a good teacher.
I know that that's not worth doing.
I know that that isn't worth doing.
I know that isn't worth doing.
I know that that isn't why you're here.
I know that that's not why you're here.
I know that isn't why you're here.
I know that that isn't the reason you're here.
I know that that's not the reason you're here.
I know that isn't the reason you're here.
I know that's not the reason you're here.
I know that that isn't what you want.
I know that that's not what you want.
I know that that isn't true.
I know that that's not true.
I know that that isn't the truth.
I know that that's not the truth.
I know that that isn't how it really is.
I know that that's not how it really is.
I know that that isn't enough.
I know that that's not enough.
I know that that's no good.
I know that that's my ticket.
I know that that's impossible.
I know that that's important to you.
I know that isn't what you want.
I know that isn't true.
I know that isn't how it really is.
I know that isn't enough.
We know that if we have this problem, then everyone else has this problem, too.
We know if we have this problem, then everyone else has this problem, too.
We know if we have this problem, then everybody else has this problem, too.
We know that that isn't true.
We know that that's not true.
We know that isn't true.
You know that that's not true.
You know that that isn't true.
You know eventually everyone's going to know about this.
You know eventually everybody's going to know about this.
You know that eventually everyone's going to know about this.
You know that that isn't true, don't you?
You know that that's not true, don't you?
You know that isn't true, don't you?
You know that's not true, don't you?
You know that that isn't right.
You know that that's not right.
You know that isn't right.
You know that that isn't right, don't you?
You know that that's not right, don't you?
You know that isn't right, don't you?
You know that's not right, don't you?
You know that that isn't possible, don't you?
You know that that's not possible, don't you?
You know that that isn't possible.
You know that that's not possible.
I just want to let you know that I think that you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know I think that you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
I hope that you know that the last thing I want to do is hurt you.
I hope that you know that the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I hope that you don't mind my mentioning this, but you know that I love you.
I hope you know that the last thing that I want to do is hurt you.
I hope you know that the last thing that I want to do is go there without your permission.
Who else do you know who can speak French?
I don't want anybody to know that I'm rich.
I don't want anybody to know I'm rich.
I don't want anyone to know I'm rich.
How do you know that you aren't mistaking me for someone else?
How do you know that you aren't mistaking me for somebody else?
How do you know that you're not mistaking me for someone else?
Why do you think you need a bodyguard?
Why do you think that you need a bodyguard?
How do you know that that isn't true?
How do you know that that's not true?
How do we know that that isn't true?
How do we know that that's not true?
How do you know that isn't true?
How do you know that's not true?
How do we know that isn't true?
How do we know that's not true?
How do I know that you aren't just telling me what I want to hear?
How do I know you aren't just telling me what I want to hear?
How do I know you're not just telling me what I want to hear?
How do I know that you aren't going to try to kill me?
How do I know you aren't going to try to kill me?
How do I know you're not going to try to kill me?
I didn't know you'd be there.
I didn't know you would be there.
I didn't know that somebody was watching me.
I didn't know that somebody was following me.
I didn't know that I was adopted until I was thirteen years old.
I didn't know I was adopted until I was thirteen.
I didn't know I was adopted until I was thirteen years old.
Don't you know you are the laughingstock of the whole town?
Don't you know Tom passed away three years ago?
Don't you know that Tom passed away three years ago?
Did you even know you could buy apples at that store?
We women want you men to know we don't agree with you.
Those who know me know I can't speak French.
Those who know me know that I can't speak French.
Those who know me know I can't do that.
Those who know me know that I can't do that.
Those who know me know I won't do that.
Those who know me know that I won't do that.
Those who know me know I'm pretty good at doing that.
Those who know me know that I'm pretty good at doing that.
Those who know me know I'm pretty good at chess.
Those who know me know that I'm pretty good at chess.
How were we supposed to know something had happened to you?
I wanted to let you know I'd be late.
I want you to know you can trust me.
I want you to know I'll do that for you.
I want you to know that I'll do that for you.
I want you to know I don't like doing things like that.
I want you to know that I don't like doing things like that.
I want you to know I'll always love you.
I want you to know I'll be here as long as you need me.
I want you to know that I'll be here as long as you need me.
I want you to know I'll work very hard.
I want you to know I meant every word I said.
I want you to know I love you.
I want you to know I can't be there tomorrow.
I want you to know I believe you.
I just want you to know I don't believe you.
I just want you to know that I don't believe you.
I want you all to know I'll never change.
I want you all to know I don't understand French very well.
I want you all to know that I don't understand French very well.
I want to know what I'm doing is right.
I want the whole world to know we're in love.
I want the whole world to know we're going to get married.
I want everybody to know I'm not a murderer.
I want everyone to know I'm not a murderer.
I think you should know I don't really like you very much.
I think you should know I don't understand French very well.
I think you should know that I don't understand French very well.
I think you should know I can't do that.
I think you should know that I can't do that.
I think you should know I have to do that today.
I think you should know that I have to do that today.
I think you should know I won't do that.
I think you should know that I won't do that.
I think you should know I won't do that for you.
I think you should know that I won't do that for you.
I think you should know I can't go with you tomorrow.
I think you should know that I can't go with you tomorrow.
I think you know we need to hurry.
I think you know we need to do that.
I think you know that we need to do that.
I think you know we need to do that today.
I think you know that we need to do that today.
I think you know we need to buy some more food.
I think you know that we need to buy some more food.
I think you know we have to do that.
I think you know that we have to do that.
I think you know we have to do that today.
I think you know that we have to do that today.
I think you know we have to help Tom.
I think you know that we have to help Tom.
I think you know we have to help Tom do that.
I think you know that we have to help Tom do that.
I think you know Tom isn't going to be here today.
I think you know that Tom isn't going to be here today.
I think you know Tom isn't going to do that.
I think you know that Tom isn't going to do that.
I think you know Tom isn't going to do that unless you help him.
I think you know that Tom isn't going to do that unless you help him.
I think you know Tom isn't planning to do that.
I think you know that Tom isn't planning to do that.
I think you know that that's not a good idea.
I think you know that that's inappropriate.
I think you know that that's impossible.
I think you know that'll be impossible to do.
I think you know that that'll be impossible to do.
I think you know we can't do that.
I think you know that we can't do that.
I think you know that's impossible to do.
I think you know that that's impossible to do.
I think most people know peanuts aren't nuts.
I think I know girl over there.
Do they know we know?
I suppose you already know that that's my car.
I should let you know I'm not optimistic.
You should let Tom know that's not going to happen.
You should let Tom know that isn't going to happen.
You should know that that's impossible.
Most people know sea water is undrinkable.
Most people know sea water isn't drinkable.
Most people know that sea water isn't drinkable.
Many people don't know peanuts aren't nuts.
Many people don't know antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases.
We now know that that was a lie.
You never look angry, even though I know sometimes you are.
I needed to know you were OK.
I need to know you're doing what we asked you to do.
You must know I snore.
Tom might not know we're here.
Tom might know we're here.
Tom needs to know we're here.
Tom needs to know that we're here.
Tom probably knows we're here.
Tom probably knows that we're here.
It means a lot to me to know you want me to stay.
It means a lot to me to know you care.
It means a lot to me to know that you care.
It means a lot to me to know you love me.
It means a lot to me to know that you love me.
It means a lot to me to know you did that just for me.
It means a lot to me to know that you did that just for me.
Tom let us know he had arrived.
Tom let us know that he had arrived.
Tom let us know he would do that.
Tom let us know that he would do that.
Tom let Mary know he would do that.
Tom let Mary know that he would do that.
Tom let me know he would do that.
Tom let me know that he would do that.
Tom let us know he wouldn't do that.
Tom let us know that he wouldn't do that.
Tom let Mary know he wouldn't do that.
Tom let Mary know that he wouldn't do that.
Tom let me know he wouldn't do that.
Tom let me know that he wouldn't do that.
Tom let us know he couldn't do that.
Tom let us know that he couldn't do that.
Tom let Mary know he couldn't do that.
Tom let me know he couldn't do that.
Tom let us know he could do that.
Tom let us know that he could do that.
Tom let Mary know he could do that.
Tom let Mary know that he could do that.
Tom let me know he could do that.
Tom let me know that he could do that.
Tom let us know he didn't want to do that.
Tom let us know that he didn't want to do that.
Tom let Mary know he didn't want to do that.
Tom let Mary know that he didn't want to do that.
Tom let me know he didn't want to do that.
Tom let me know that he didn't want to do that.
Tom let us know he wanted to do that.
Tom let us know that he wanted to do that.
Tom let Mary know he wanted to do that.
Tom let me know he wanted to do that.
Tom let us know he needed to do that.
Tom let us know that he needed to do that.
Tom let Mary know he needed to do that.
Tom let Mary know that he needed to do that.
Tom let me know he needed to do that.
Tom let me know that he needed to do that.
Tom let us know he needs do that.
Tom let us know that he needs do that.
Tom let Mary know he needs do that.
Tom let Mary know that he needs do that.
Tom let me know he needs do that.
Tom let me know that he needs do that.
Tom let us know he didn't like to do that.
Tom let us know that he didn't like to do that.
Tom let Mary know he didn't like to do that.
Tom let Mary know that he didn't like to do that.
Tom let me know he didn't like to do that.
Tom let me know that he didn't like to do that.
Tom let us know he didn't like doing that.
Tom let us know that he didn't like doing that.
Tom let Mary know he didn't like doing that.
Tom let Mary know that he didn't like doing that.
Tom let me know he didn't like doing that.
Tom let me know that he didn't like doing that.
I know your work isn't easy.
I know you've been waiting for this.
I know you're very angry.
I know you're vegetarians.
I know you're upset right now.
I know you're uncomfortable.
I know you're the boss.
I know that you're the boss.
I know you're Canadian.
I know that you're Canadian.
I know that you can't speak French.
I know you don't know how to speak French.
I know that you don't know how to speak French.
I know you don't like Boston.
I know that you don't like Boston.
I know you're still in love with me.
I know you're smart.
I know you're disappointed.
I know you're currently writing a book.
I know you're conservative.
I know you're bluffing.
I know you're a teacher.
I know that you're doing your best.
I know you're having trouble in French class.
I know that you're having trouble in French class.
I know you wouldn't do something like that.
I know you wouldn't do that.
I know that you won't do that.
I know you'll learn a lot.
I know you'll forgive me.
I know that you'll do that.
I know you'll have a lot of fun.
I know that you'll have a lot of fun.
I know you'll enjoy this movie.
I know that you'll enjoy this movie.
I know you'll be able to do that.
I know that you'll be able to do that.
I know you won't be here tomorrow.
I know that you won't be here tomorrow.
I know you won't like this movie.
I know that you won't like this movie.
I know you won't be in Boston next week.
I know that you won't be in Boston next week.
I know you won't be in Australia next year.
I know that you won't be in Australia next year.
I know you don't have an umbrella.
I know that you don't have an umbrella.
I know you were unimpressed.
I know you weren't impressed.
I know that you weren't impressed.
I know you want me back.
I know you still want to see me.
I know you still want to be with me.
I know you still want to do that.
I know that you still want to do that.
I know you still think about me.
I know you still do that.
I know that you still do that.
I know you still can't do that very well.
I know that you still can't do that very well.
I know you still miss me.
I know you tried your hardest.
I know that you tried your hardest.
I know you play the drums.
I know you can't play the guitar.
I know that you can't play the guitar.
I know you live here.
I know you don't like coffee.
I know that you don't like coffee.
I know you don't like chocolate.
I know that you don't like chocolate.
I know you lied.
I know you weren't lying.
I know that you weren't lying.
I know that you didn't do that.
I know you were in Boston last weekend.
I know that you were in Boston last weekend.
I know you were in Australia the year before last.
I know that you were in Australia the year before last.
I know you lied to me the other day.
I know you have issues with your mom.
I know you hate your job.
I know you feel helpless.
I know you don't speak French.
I know you don't speak French very well.
I know you don't often leave early.
I know you don't do that.
I know that you don't do that.
I know you don't do that anymore.
I know that you don't do that anymore.
I know you don't live here anymore.
I know that you don't live here anymore.
I know that you don't like Tom.
I know you don't like me as much as you like Tom.
I know that you don't like me as much as you like Tom.
I know you don't like Tom as much as you like Mary.
I know that you don't like Tom as much as you like Mary.
I know you don't like me anymore.
I know that you don't like me anymore.
I know you don't care what happens.
I know that you don't care what happens.
I know you don't care what happens to me.
I know that you don't care what happens to me.
I know you can take care of yourselves.
I know that you can take care of yourselves.
I know you aren't stupid.
I know that you aren't really busy.
I know you aren't enjoying yourself here.
I know that you aren't enjoying yourself here.
I know you aren't ready.
I know you aren't ready to do that.
I know that you aren't ready to do that.
I know you aren't ready to leave.
I know that you aren't ready to leave.
I know you're a vegetarian.
I know that you're a vegetarian.
I know you're Canadians.
I know that you're Canadians.
I know you're rich.
I know that I'm supposed to do that.
I know we're not supposed to be doing this.
I know I'm supposed to do this.
I know that I'm supposed to do this.
I know you're learning French at school.
I know Tom is in love with me.
I know that Tom is in love with me.
I know you're in love with Tom.
I know that you're in love with Tom.
I know you all are cowards.
I know you're cowards.
I know that you're cowards.
I know you're a coward.
I know that you're a coward.
I know that that would make you happy.
I know that that would make me happy.
I know that that won't work.
I know what I did was really stupid.
I know we still love each other.
I know we can take care of ourselves.
I know we can help.
I know that we can do that if we try.
I know we can do this if we try.
I know that we can do this if we try.
I know that that wasn't what I was supposed to do.
I know that that wasn't the right thing to do.
I know that that wasn't the answer you wanted.
I know that that wasn't correct.
I know that that was a mistake.
I know this is the beginning of the end.
I know this is strange.
I know this is important.
I know this is important for us all.
I know this has been difficult for you.
I know this doesn't really matter.
I know this doesn't interest you.
I know things haven't been easy for you.
I know there will be a lot of good food at the picnic.
I know there was a big church here.
I know that that sounds naive.
I know that that sounds crazy.
I know that that sounds idiotic.
I know something horrible has happened.
I know something bad has happened.
I know something horrible will happen.
I know that something horrible will happen.
I know something bad will happen.
I know that something bad will happen.
I know someone in your position wouldn't do something like that.
I know some people value my work.
I know some people appreciate my work.
I know some of your students don't like you.
I know Tom is Canadian.
I know that Tom is Canadian.
I know Mary is cute.
I know that Mary is cute.
I know Mary is beautiful.
I know Tom has been busy.
I know that Tom has been busy.
I know that you've been busy.
I know Tom is asleep.
I know Tom doesn't know who I am.
I know that Tom doesn't know who I am.
I know you don't know who I am.
I know that you don't know who I am.
I know plenty of guys want to go out with you.
I know lots of people want to do that.
I know that lots of people want to do that.
I know lots of people don't want to do that.
I know that lots of people don't want to do that.
I know lots of people can do that.
I know that lots of people can do that.
I know lots of people are able to do that.
I know that lots of people are able to do that.
I know nothing lasts forever.
I know most people here hate me.
I know most people here don't like me very much.
I know most people here can't speak French.
I know that most people here can't speak French.
I know most people here can speak French.
I know that most people here can speak French.
I know most people here don't like fishing.
I know that most people here don't like fishing.
I know most people here don't like doing that.
I know that most people here don't like doing that.
I know most people here don't like swimming.
I know that most people here don't like swimming.
I know most people here don't eat meat.
I know that most people here don't eat meat.
I know most people here will need to do that.
I know that most people here will need to do that.
I know most people here want to leave.
I know that most people here want to leave.
I know money isn't everything.
I know that that means a lot to you.
I know Mary loves me.
I know Mary is pretty.
I know Mary is more beautiful than I am.
I know life is short.
I know that that job wasn't easy.
I know it's there.
I know it's the truth.
I know it's inevitable.
I know it's inevitable that that'll happen.
I know that it's inevitable that that'll happen.
I know that you weren't the one who did that.
I know you were the one who did that.
I know that you were the one who did that.
I know you weren't the ones who did that.
I know that you weren't the ones who did that.
I know it sounds crazy, but you've got to believe me.
I know it is highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me, but I still need to ask at least once.
I know it's highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me, but I still need to ask at least once.
I know it's highly unlikely we'll see any whales today.
I know it's highly unlikely that we'll see any whales today.
I know it's highly unlikely we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
I know it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
I know it's highly unlikely anyone would be willing to help me.
I know it's highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me.
I know it's highly unlikely anyone knows me.
I know it's highly unlikely that anyone knows me.
I know it's highly unlikely anybody knows me.
I know it's highly unlikely that anybody knows me.
I know it's highly unlikely anyone can help me.
I know it's highly unlikely that anyone can help me.
I know it's highly unlikely anybody can help me.
I know it's highly unlikely that anybody can help me.
I know that that isn't good.
I know I've changed.
I know I'm supposed to enjoy this class, but I don't.
I know I'm stingy.
I know I'm sometimes obstinate.
I know I'm sometimes obnoxious.
I know I'm safe.
I know I'm replaceable.
I know I'm ready.
I know I'm overweight.
I know I'm a little overweight.
I know that I'm a little overweight.
I know I'm not ready.
I know I'm not ready to do that yet.
I know that I'm not ready to do that yet.
I know I'm lazy.
I know I'm a bit lazy.
I know that I'm a bit lazy.
I know I'm dying.
I know I'm crazy.
I know I'm a little crazy.
I know that I'm a little crazy.
I know I'm correct.
I know I'm correct about that.
I know that I'm correct about that.
I know I'm conceited.
I know I'm a bit conceited.
I know that I'm a bit conceited.
I know I'm biased.
I know I may be biased.
I know that I may be biased.
I know I'm annoying.
I know I'm sometimes annoying.
I know that I'm sometimes annoying.
I know I'm adopted.
I know I'll die soon.
I know I may die soon.
I know that I may die soon.
I know I'll be punished for doing that.
I know that I'll be punished for doing that.
I know I'll be arrested.
I know I'm likely be arrested.
I know that I'm likely be arrested.
I know I won't like it.
I know I won't like it here.
I know that I won't like it here.
I know I won't like doing that.
I know that I won't like doing that.
I know I won't like it in Boston.
I know that I won't like it in Boston.
I know I won't like living in Boston.
I know that I won't like living in Boston.
I know I was wrong.
I know that I was wrong about that.
I know I was mistaken.
I know I was mistaken about that.
I know that I was mistaken about that.
I know I shouldn't eat this, but I think I will.
I know that I shouldn't do that.
I know I shouldn't help you.
I know that I shouldn't help you.
I know I should sleep for at least eight hours a day, however I usually sleep less.
I know I shouldn't lie.
I know that I shouldn't lie.
I know that I should be doing that now.
I know I should be in Boston now.
I know that I should be in Boston now.
I know I should be with Tom now.
I know that I should be with Tom now.
I know I haven't been a very good father.
I know I haven't been doing what I should've been doing.
I know that I haven't been doing what I should've been doing.
I know I can be better.
I know that I can be better.
I know I can do this better.
I know that I can do this better.
I know I don't want to be married to you.
I know I don't know.
I know I don't deserve you.
I know I don't know everything there is to know about that.
I know that I don't know everything there is to know about that.
I know I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I know I can't do that as well as you.
I know I can't do that as well as you can.
I know I can't do that as well as Tom.
I know I can't do that as well as Tom can.
I know I can take care of myself.
I know we can count on Tom.
I know that we can count on Tom.
I know we can count on Tom to do that.
I know that we can count on Tom to do that.
I know we can count on Tom to do that for us.
I know that we can count on Tom to do that for us.
I know we can't count on Tom to do that.
I know that we can't count on Tom to do that.
I know we can't count on Tom to do that for us.
I know that we can't count on Tom to do that for us.
I know I calculated the bill correctly.
I know I'm a good teacher.
I know Tom knows.
I know Tom isn't going to pay me for doing that.
I know that Tom isn't going to pay me for doing that.
I know Tom isn't going to pay me for doing this.
I know that Tom isn't going to pay me for doing this.
I know Tom is a famous musician.
I know that Tom is a famous musician.
I know Tom can draw.
I know that Tom can draw.
I know hard work pays off.
I know everything I need is here.
I know doing this must seem dangerous to you.
I know that that doesn't matter.
I know that that doesn't look good.
I know deep down you're a good person.
I know that that can be tough.
I know all of this is just a game.
I know that that's who you're looking for.
I know that that's true.
I know that that's real important.
They know I talked to you.
We know you lied to us.
We know that you lied to us.
We know we're going to lose.
We know water boils at degrees.
We know that to be a fact.
We know this is impossible.
We know Tom was born in Australia.
We know that Tom was born in Australia.
I know Tom was born in Boston.
I know that Tom was born in Boston.
We know everything we need to do is on the list.
We know all men are mortal.
You know your French is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your French is.
You know you're right, don't you?
You know we don't have much time right now.
You know once you're inside, you'll never be able to get out.
You know I'm still planning to join the team, don't you?
You know I'm still planning to go, don't you?
You know I'm still planning on joining the team, don't you?
You know I'm still planning on going, don't you?
You know I like you.
You know I like you, don't you?
You know that I like you, don't you?
You know I don't like eggs.
You know that Tom won't do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't need to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't need to do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't want to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't want to do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't have to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't have to do that, don't you?
You know Tom wants to do that, don't you?
You know Tom likes to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom likes to do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't like do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't like do that, don't you?
You know Tom has to do that, don't you?
You know Tom should do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't need do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't need do that, don't you?
You know Tom shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know you don't need to do that, don't you?
You know that you don't need to do that, don't you?
You know you don't want to do that, don't you?
You know that you don't want to do that, don't you?
You know you have to do that, don't you?
You know that you have to do that, don't you?
You know you should do that, don't you?
You know that you should do that, don't you?
You know you don't need do that, don't you?
You know that you don't need do that, don't you?
You know you shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know that you shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know I won't do that, don't you?
You know I want to do that, don't you?
You know that I want to do that, don't you?
You know I like to do that, don't you?
You know that I like to do that, don't you?
You know I don't like do that, don't you?
You know that I don't like do that, don't you?
You know I don't need to do that, don't you?
You know I don't have to do that, don't you?
You know I need do that, don't you?
You know that I need do that, don't you?
You know I have to do that, don't you?
You know I should do that, don't you?
You know that I should do that, don't you?
You know I don't need do that, don't you?
You know that I don't need do that, don't you?
You know that I shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know that that's wrong, right?
You know that that's the truth.
You know that that's just wrong.
You know that that's impossible.
You know that that's got to be done today, don't you?
You know that that's a lie.
You know that that's a big part of it.
You know that won't be possible.
You know that that won't be possible.
You know that isn't possible, don't you?
You know that's not possible, don't you?
You know that's impossible, don't you?
You know that that's impossible, don't you?
You know that's a lie, don't you?
You know that that's a lie, don't you?
We just wanted you to know we care.
I just wanted to let you know I can't be here tomorrow.
I just wanted to let you know I can't do that.
I just wanted to let you know that I can't do that.
I just wanted to let you know I can't do that today.
I just wanted to let you know that I can't do that today.
I just want you to know I'm here for you.
I just want you to know I won't be able to come to your picnic.
I just want you to know I won't be able to attend your wedding.
I just want you to know that I won't be able to attend your wedding.
I just want you to know I regret it.
I just want you to know I regret doing that.
I just want you to know that I regret doing that.
I just want you to know I really love you.
I just want you to know I really like you.
I just want you to know I know.
I just want you to know I forgive you.
I just want to let you know I'll be late tomorrow morning.
I just want to let you know I think that you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know I think you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know I can't attend this afternoon's meeting.
I just know it's not right.
I just know I don't want to be married to you.
You just have to know it works. You don't need to know how it works.
It hurts to know everything between us is over.
I hope that you know the last thing I want to do is hurt you.
I hope you know the last thing I want to do is hurt you.
I hope that you know the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I hope you know the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I hope that you don't mind my mentioning this, but you know I love you.
I hope you don't mind my mentioning this, but you know I love you.
I hope you know the last thing that I want to do is hurt you.
I hope you know the last thing that I want to do is go there without your permission.
Does Tom know you love him?
Whatever happens, I want you to know I love you.
I guess both of us know we shouldn't be doing this.
At first, I didn't know my leg was broken.
I don't like people to know I can't swim.
I don't like people to know I can't read.
They don't know I'm Canadian.
They don't know that I'm Canadian.
They don't know we're Canadians.
They don't know that we're Canadians.
Tom doesn't know I'm Canadian.
Tom doesn't know I have a cat.
Tom doesn't know I have three cats.
Tom doesn't know that I have three cats.
How do you know your house is haunted?
How do you know you're not mistaking me for someone else?
How do you know you aren't mistaking me for someone else?
How do you know you aren't mistaking me for somebody else?
How do you know you don't need a bodyguard?
How do you know you can't do it unless you try?
How do you know that that was the cause?
How do you know light travels faster than sound?
How do we know light travels faster than sound?
How do we know that light travels faster than sound?
How do you know that that's true?
How do we know that's true?
How do we know that that's true?
How do you actually know that that's the case?
How do we know Tom is innocent?
How do we know that Tom is innocent?
How do we know that man is who he says he is?
How do we know that that man is who he says he is?
I didn't need to understand French to know they were angry.
I didn't know your mother lived with you.
I didn't know you'd already bought eggs.
I didn't know you wouldn't be there.
I didn't know you worked for a security company.
I didn't know you weren't Canadian.
I didn't know you weren't Canadians.
I didn't know that you weren't Canadians.
I didn't know you were waiting.
I didn't know you were so unhappy.
I didn't know you were so unhappy here.
I didn't know that you were so unhappy here.
I didn't know you were such superstitious people.
I didn't know that you were such superstitious people.
I didn't know you were still high school students.
I didn't know that you were still high school students.
I didn't know you were sick, so I didn't visit you in the hospital.
I didn't know you were married to each other.
I didn't know that you were married to each other.
I didn't know you were going to Boston with us.
I didn't know you were going to be there.
I didn't know you were Canadians.
I didn't know that you were Canadians.
I didn't know you were born in Boston, too.
I didn't know you were a French teacher.
I didn't know you were French teachers.
I didn't know that you were French teachers.
I didn't know you used to work here.
I didn't know you owned a truck.
I didn't know you had so much money.
I didn't know you had so many cats.
I didn't know you couldn't understand French.
I didn't know you could understand French.
I didn't know you could see me.
I didn't know you could drive.
I didn't know you could dance so well.
I didn't know that that would embarrass you.
I didn't know what we were doing wasn't legal.
I didn't know what we were doing was illegal.
I didn't know what we were doing was against the law.
I didn't know what I'd done wasn't legal.
I didn't know what I'd done was wrong.
I didn't know what I'd done was illegal.
I didn't know what I'd done was against the rules.
I didn't know what I'd done was against the law.
I didn't know what I was doing was illegal.
I didn't know what I did was wrong.
I didn't know we were related.
I didn't know that that was there.
I didn't know that that was public knowledge.
I didn't know that that was possible.
I didn't know that it was possible.
I didn't know that it was there.
I didn't know it was public knowledge.
I didn't know that it was public knowledge.
I didn't know that that was necessary.
I didn't know that that was legal.
I didn't know that that was happening.
I didn't know they did things like that.
I didn't know Tom did things like that.
I didn't know that Tom did things like that.
I didn't know there was a swimming pool here.
I didn't know the police were looking for me.
I didn't know Tom was looking for me.
I didn't know the cost of living was so high in Australia.
I didn't know the bridge was closed.
I didn't know somebody was watching me.
I didn't know someone was watching me.
I didn't know somebody was following me.
I didn't know someone was following me.
I can't make heads or tails of this.
Tom is a very good coach, isn't he?
I think you should know that no matter what you do, I'll still love you.
Obviously, Tom is much better than me.
I think you should know that whatever happens, I'll still love you.
Tom and Mary seem to enjoy doing that.
Since I used to live in Boston, I know that city pretty well.
I pay Tom whatever the amount he asks for.
Tom is doing really well, isn't he?
I'm trying my best to forget about what we did that day.
It's unrealistic to expect Tom and Mary to get along.
I know a lot of people who don't know how to play chess.
Tom must not have wanted to do that.
I know a lot of people who don't have driver's licenses.
The food Tom cooked for us didn't taste all that bad.
Tom is doing the laundry, isn't he?
These are questions you should ask Tom, instead of me.
I know a lot of people who don't know French at all.
Tom never explained why he did that.
I just can't afford to buy something that expensive.
Tom and John are fighting in the alley behind the bar.
I don't know everything there is to know about that.
Tom is doing well so far, isn't he?
I've met a lot of people who wish they were richer.
Tom would like to become an architect, like his father.
I've met a lot of people who don't like doing that.
If I'd been in Tom's shoes, I'd have done the same thing.
I never expected anything like this to happen here.
Tom is doing what he can, isn't he?
I know a lot of people who don't speak any French.
The paintings that were stolen from Tom are very valuable.
I know a lot of people who don't like doing that.
Tom said we had to keep this secret.
I haven't been doing what I should've been doing.
Is it true Tom used to be a professional basketball player?
I didn't want to watch a movie, so I read a book.
Tom is drinking red wine, isn't he?
I'm trying my best to forget that ever happened.
Tom went to Boston. The rest of the family went to Chicago.
I know a lot of people who can't ride a bicycle.
Tom seemed to be willing to help us.
I've met a lot of people who don't like Boston.
If Tom can't tell you what you want to know, maybe Mary can.
I want to know whether what I'm doing is right.
Tom is eager to go there, isn't he?
I never expected anything like this to happen.
Tom and Mary are trying to do something, but I'm not sure what.
I know a lot of people who don't like camping.
Tom started a fire in the fireplace.
I know a lot of people who don't like Boston.
The store where Tom works is about thirty miles south of Boston.
Tom is easily distracted, isn't he?
I'm probably the one who'll need to do that.
I don't know what I would've done if I'd been in Tom's situation.
I know a lot of people who can speak French.
Tom tried his best not to hurt Mary.
You'll never love me as much as I love you.
I know a lot about Tom after living next door to him for so long.
I know a lot of people who are from Boston.
Tom is eating dinner now, isn't he?
Tom and Mary are trying to make something, but I'm not sure what.
I'm likely going to be tempted to do that.
Tom usually goes fishing by himself.
I want to know if what I'm doing is right.
When asked what he intended to do, Tom said he was going to go swimming.
I know a lot of people who don't own cars.
Tom is expecting company, isn't he?
I know a lot of people who don't eat meat.
The factory where Tom wants to work is approximately miles from Boston.
I don't expect you to do that by yourself.
Tom wanted Mary to attend his party.
I've met a lot of people who can do that.
Tom is fairly well known, isn't he?
I know a lot of people who can play golf.
Tom was arrested in October of 2013.
How were we supposed to know what to do?
Tom is flying in tonight, isn't he?
You know why I'm here today, don't you?
Tom was only pretending to be angry.
I'm not the only one who'll doing that.
Tom is from a big family, isn't he?
Tom wasn't paying attention to Mary.
I'm not likely be fired for doing that.
Tom is from a small town, isn't he?
I won't be able to attend your wedding.
Tom will help you if you ask him to.
I know a lot of people who can do that.
Tom is getting desperate, isn't he?
It wouldn't bother me if you did that.
Tom won't think this is good enough.
I've met a lot of bad guys in my life.
Tom is getting impatient, isn't he?
I'm only half way finished doing this.
Tom doesn't want to sit next to Mary.
I'm only half way finished doing that.
Tom is going out tonight, isn't he?
I'm likely be excused from doing that.
Tom found Mary's behavior suspicious.
What do they know that we don't know?
Tom is going there alone, isn't he?
They water down the beer in that pub.
Tom is going to be asking us to help.
I know a lot of people who have pets.
Tom is going to be alone, isn't he?
I feel like I'm not getting anywhere.
Tom is going to be at work on Monday.
You'll only improve if you practice.
Tom is going to be angry, isn't he?
I'm probably the one who'll do that.
Tom is going to be cremated tomorrow.
I plan to go to Australia next year.
Tom is going to be early, isn't he?
I might not be in Boston next month.
Tom is going to be denied membership.
I might be in Boston all next month.
Tom is going to be fired, isn't he?
I haven't yet given up on that idea.
Tom is going to be difficult to beat.
I don't want to walk home by myself.
Tom is going to be ready, isn't he?
I almost never read science fiction.
Tom is going to be late for the game.
Tom is going to be upset, isn't he?
I just can't afford to do that now.
Tom is going to be meeting with Mary.
It won't bother me if you do that.
Tom is going to beat you, isn't he?
I'm trying my best to forget that.
Tom is going to be the one who comes.
I can only improve if I practice.
Tom is going to complain, isn't he?
How are we supposed to get there?
Tom is going to bring you up to date.
I'll be punished for doing that.
Tom is going to fix that, isn't he?
I'm not going to volunteer to do that.
Tom is going to come again, I'm sure.
I've done that a hundred times.
Tom is going to fix this, isn't he?
I just can't afford to do that.
Tom is going to come looking for you.
I don't want you to pay for it.
Tom is going to get help, isn't he?
We can take care of ourselves.
Tom is going to come on October 20th.
I've got work to do right now.
Tom is going to get hurt, isn't he?
I've done that hundreds of times.
Tom is going to come when he's ready.
I had a great three weeks off.
Tom is going to go first, isn't he?
Who did you go shopping with?
Tom is going to get out of jail soon.
I just came here to have fun.
Tom is going to have fun, isn't he?
I do that in a different way.
Tom is going to lend me his umbrella.
I can't allow you to do this.
Tom is going to help you, isn't he?
You know why I'm here today.
Tom is still committed to doing that.
I've got to do a better job.
Tom is going to sit here, isn't he?
I'm just going to do my job.
Tom is still digging in the backyard.
I do have doubts about that.
Tom is going to stop you, isn't he?
I always try to eat at home.
Tom makes friends everywhere he goes.
I almost never read fiction.
Tom is good at geography, isn't he?
I've met a lot of bad guys.
Tom refused to comment on that issue.
I'm obliged not to do that.
Tom is good at this game, isn't he?
I do need to do that today.
Tom refused to elaborate any further.
I almost never read novels.
Tom is good with animals, isn't he?
Doing that won't bother me.
Tom repeated the words several times.
I was mistaken about that.
Tom is growing impatient, isn't he?
I want to get there first.
Tom said we have to keep this secret.
I want to give it a shot.
Tom is hard to live with, isn't he?
I came here to have fun.
Tom should've paid attention to Mary.
Don't tire yourself out.
Tom is hard up for money, isn't he?
I haven't yet given up.
Tom still hasn't said anything to me.
I do that differently.
Tom is having a good day, isn't he?
Tom tried to put his arm around Mary.
I shouldn't help you.
Tom is headed for Boston, isn't he?
Tom wanted Mary to do that yesterday.
You won't like it.
Tom is home from college, isn't he?
I may be biased.
Tom wanted to be buried next to Mary.
I'm a bit lazy.
Tom is hoping to do that, isn't he?
Tom's grades are excellent.
I still haven't found what I am looking for.
She is not Anna.
There was fog yesterday noon.
She has this pretty lace nightgown with straps.
The secretary stuffs the letter into an envelope.
Yes, I am He Sai. And you?
There's no way my friend bought that thing!
Every month at our company, they run a community activity.
This is atrocious weather.
Tom is difficult to live with, isn't he?
Sami got his phone stolen.
Sami told the story.
Sami made a longer video.
Sami's story sounds familiar to Layla.
Sami was going back to school.
Sami was my middle school bully.
Sami came along when I was in sixth grade.
Sami was going through puberty.
Sami had moustaches.
Layla had boobs.
Layla had big boobs.
Sami was in middle school.
Sami has nice skin.
Sami's skin is so fair.
Sami was bullied for his acne.
Sami was bullied all the time.
Sami tried every product under the sun.
Sami was bullied by boys.
Sami was bullying me.
Sami had acne.
Sami was bullied.
Sami was also heavy-set.
Layla's butt was big.
Sami called Layla "fat."
Sami was bullying Layla, too.
Sami was bullying girls.
Sami was bullying that girl.
Sami took that as a compliment.
Sami hurt people.
Sami and Layla went to the cafeteria together.
Sami can sit with whoever friend he wants.
Sami knew Layla was new.
Sami can't sit here.
Sami can't sit over here.
Sami isn't going to do anything.
Sami can sit here.
Sami can sit wherever he wants.
Sami isn't trying to be mean to you.
Sami just moved here.
Sami wanted Layla's cookies.
Sami shared his cookies with us.
Sami was completely different.
Sami asked Layla to give him all her cookies.
Sami hasn't even eaten in the last two days.
Sami was also very tall.
Sami was very tall.
Sami gave Layla his cookies.
Sami wanted some juice.
Sami was super nice and friendly.
Sami likes Layla's purse.
Sami is gay and he's going to hell.
Sami should kill himself.
Sami thinks Layla is insane.
Sami didn't even pretend to be nice anymore.
Sami was a bully and nobody wanted to be around him anymore.
Sami was on the tennis team.
Sami wasn't involved in sports in his school.
Sami was on the track team.
Sami is a manager with me.
Sami was ignoring Layla completely.
Sami is so mean.
Sami doesn't need to tell Layla.
Sami didn't even notice he lost his phone.
Sami lost his phone at the track field.
Sami looked everywhere for his phone.
Sami's phone costs sixty dollars.
Sami had a phone when he was six.
Sami and Layla were looking for the phone.
Sami couldn't even make eye contact with me when I looked at him.
Sami stole Layla's new phone.
Sami had to find his phone.
Sami was getting suspicious.
Sami's mom picked him up.
Sami was mad, of course.
Sami was so irresponsible.
Sami gave Layla a new phone.
Sami handed the phone to Layla.
Sami still has the same phone number.
Sami went about his day as usual.
Sami doesn't have a phone.
Sami didn't have a phone at the time.
Sami received a call from an unknown number.
Sami is a common name.
Sami called Layla.
Sami didn't call that phone.
Sami stole my phone.
Sami spent a lot of money on that phone.
Sami knew that Layla stole his phone.
Sami kept paying Layla's bills.
Sami has a new phone.
Sami bought a new phone.
Sami's phone got stolen.
Sami knew that Layla knew.
Sami ended up moving.
Sami started getting really mean to Layla.
Sami used to be bullied.
Sami is being bullied.
Sami was bullied in school.
Sami let Layla know that he knew that she stole his phone.
Sami had a new phone.
Sami doesn't have to be confrontational all the time.
Sami never saw Layla's phone.
Sami sold Layla a stolen phone.
Sami got his phone stolen at a party.
Sami found out who stole his phone.
Sami's phone was stolen at a party.
Sami isn't fooling anybody.
Sami is super tired.
Sami went to a meetup.
Sami and Layla wanted to chill with each other.
Sami knows you.
Sami find that weird.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's exact age.
Sami knows exactly what I am talking about.
Sami knows exactly what I'm talking about.
Sami was trying to word that correctly so that he wouldn't hurt some people.
Sami married a black girl.
Sami was a black boy.
Sami uses that term very loosely.
Sami was considered a celebrity.
Sami doesn't like this guy.
Sami will understand why I don't like this guy.
Sami wasted a lot of time.
Sami is taking pictures.
Sami wanted to take a picture with Layla.
Sami supports me.
Sami lived in Cairo, Egypt, but he was from Alexandria.
Sami grew up in two places.
Sami lived in two places.
Sami looked like a cowboy.
Sami dressed as a cowboy.
Sami dressed cool.
Sami was in Cairo.
Sami's hometown is only twenty minutes from Layla's home.
Sami stayed with Layla.
Sami was a fashion designer.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's nickname.
Sami was a YouTuber.
Sami was went to a grocery store.
Sami pretended to be a crackhead.
Sami follows Layla on Twitter to this day.
Sami still follows Layla on Twitter to this day.
Sami did me wrong.
Sami isn't perfect.
Sami was being real.
Sami tried to steal Layla's purse.
Sami stole Layl's piggy bank.
Sami found his piggy bank in Layla's room.
Sami's friends are in Cairo.
Sami visited Central Park.
Sami smoked weed.
Sami tweeted it.
Sami attended a networking event.
Sami went to Cairo to attend a networking event.
Sami told his ex about it.
Sami followed Layla on Tumblr.
Sami wanted to go.
Sami wants to go.
Sami is a boy.
Sami was at a networking event.
Sami wanted to keep Layla distant from his friends.
Sami wasn't doing drugs.
Sami was eventually caught.
Sami got eventually caught.
Sami used to be naive.
Sami is fucking dumb.
Sami had that feeling, too.
Sami wanted to know who was there.
Sami wanted to know who Layla was with.
Sami met some new people.
Sami was taking pictures on the playground.
Sami and Layla were taking pictures of each other.
Sami and Layla never took pictures together.
Sami recorded the whole concert.
Sami called his ex.
Sami is going to a concert.
Sami took pictures with them.
Sami took pictures with a few passing tourists.
Sami took a picture of a seagull.
Sami was sitting there by himself.
Sami and Layla come from different cultures.
Sami sat there and smoked weed.
Sami has many followers on Twitter.
Sami took some more pictures.
Sami wanted to take some more pictures.
Sami and Layla were calling each other by their nicknames.
Sami was smoking his blunt.
Sami was smoking his jay.
Sami sat there, smoking his jay.
Sami was smoking a joint in his car.
Sami was smoking a jay in his room.
Sami caught his son smoking a jay.
Sami wanted to socialize with the other people.
Sami stood by Layla.
Sami called Layla "sister."
Sami was texting his ex.
Sami didn't want to ask Layla to come and pick him up.
Sami came back to Layla.
Sami wanted to take pictures.
Sami sat with Layla.
Sami threw the blunt away.
Sami took six more pictures.
Sami walked to his car.
Sami doesn't do shit like that.
Sami didn't do shit like that.
Sami wouldn't do shit like that.
Sami didn't really care about that.
Sami still has that book.
Sami didn't play poker.
Sami is gonna like you.
Sami is going to like you.
Sami was winning.
Layla was a total bitch.
Sami isn't in the mood.
Sami has an appointment today.
Sami was being petty.
Sami took Layla to her hair salon.
Layla messed up my hair.
Sami was talking about his hair.
Sami never wears wigs.
Sami accidentally set fire to his wig.
Sami heard that a week ago.
Sami saw his face in the mirror.
Sami doesn't want Layla to succeed.
Sami is losing money.
Sami was experimenting with hair products.
Sami dyed his hair multiple times.
Sami had beautiful hair.
Sami wanted to grow his hair.
Sami hated Layla's hair.
Sami is part of the community.
Sami made this decision.
Sami grew up in a Muslim community.
Sami cut all his hair off.
Sami didn't get it at all.
Sami filmed another video.
Sami hasn't seen this video.
Sami had pictures.
Layla's hair was frizzy.
Layla has to do her hair by herself.
Layla isn't going to do your hair anymore.
Layla didn't know how to do her hair.
Layla loved her natural hair.
Layla has natural hair.
Layla didn't know how to take care of her hair.
Layla was looking for natural hair tutorials.
Layla had a ponytail.
Sami hasn't washed his hair in six weeks.
Sami was biracial as well.
Sami was biracial.
Sami and Layla were biracial.
Sami loves biracial girls.
Sami was attracted to biracial girls.
Layla had dreads in the back of her hair.
Sami wouldn't notice that.
Sami wanted to touch Layla's hair.
Sami was touching Layla's hair.
Sami didn't let Layla touch his hair.
Sami loved Layla's natural hair.
Layla cut her dreads out.
Layla wore her hair curly.
Sami picked on Layla in high school.
Layla straightened her hair.
Layla is a hairdresser.
Layla is a hairdresser now.
Layla's hair is straight.
Sami has straight hair.
Sami's hair is straight.
Layla had afro hair.
Layla's hair was curly again.
Sami had curly hair.
Sami washed his hair.
Sami and Layla were among the first freshment to enter that brand new school.
Sami doesn't even know.
Layla went to the hair salon to get her hair done.
Layla went to the hair salon to get her hair dyed.
Layla's hair doesn't straighten easily.
Sami doesn't like Layla's hair.
Sami asked Layla to straighten her hair.
Sami was waiting in a chair.
Sami was always very gentle with Layla.
Sami was young at the time.
Layla braided Salima's hair.
Sami started to wash his hair.
Sami was trying to kill me.
Sami was washing his hair with hot water.
Layla has just got her period.
Sami was staring at his mom.
Sami was reading his magazine.
Sami went through this abuse every day.
Layla straightened her hair with a flatiron.
Layla burned Salima in the scalp with a flatiron.
Sami doesn't talk back to anybody.
Layla put Salima under a dryer.
Layla sat under a dryer for an hour.
Layla felt her scalp was blistering.
Layla sat underneath that hairdryer.
Layla sat underneath the haidryer for an hour.
Sami was sweating.
Sami was in a sauna.
Sami wants to die.
Layla hates that hair salon.
Sami needs to fire back.
Sami cut his hair.
Sami cut Layla's hair.
Sami isn't going to church.
Layla looked like a church lady.
Layla wanted to have straight hair.
Layla looks so pretty.
Sami wanted to see his hair.
Sami is looking at himself in the mirror.
Layla had so much hair.
Layla's hair is so big.
Layla's hair was thick.
Layla had thick hair.
Layla's hair was curly.
Sami's hair is up to the shoulders.
Sami was growing up.
Mennad scheduled an appointment for himself.
Sami was feeling shitty.
Sami felt awful.
Sami is going to look stupid.
Sami is gonna look stupid.
Sami had school.
Sami had school that day.
Sami had school the next day.
Sami had patches of his hair missing.
Sami's hair was so short.
Sami really doesn't like his hair.
Sami agrees with Layla.
Sami went to wash his hair.
Sami thought Layla would be so mad at him.
Sami looked crazy.
Sami went to the shower.
Sami went to the shower to wash his hair.
Sami's hair was shrinking.
Sami's hair shrank.
Sami's hair was super short.
Layla damaged Salima's hair.
Sami is bald.
Sami hasn't cut his hair since he was six.
Sami started bawling.
Sami had to go to school like that.
Sami isn't paying attention.
Sami went back to school with his hair looking like that.
Sami loved Layla's haircut.
Sami looked a mess.
Sami didn't have evidence.
Sami was embarrassed about how he looked.
Sami was honest.
Layla's hair grew a lot.
Layla's hair grew back.
Layla's hair was long.
Layla went to an Egyptian hair salon.
Layla went to that hair salon.
Layla went to Salima's hair salon.
Layla has a good hair salon.
Layla knows a good hair salon.
Sami helped Layla open her own hair salon.
Mennad isn't racist.
Sami's parents were racist.
Sami hated gay people.
Sami didn't post anything yesterday.
Sami wore a Halloween costume.
Sami was supposed to be Beetlejuice on Halloween.
Sami likes Spiderman.
Sami's YouTube channel is approaching sixty thousand subscribers.
Sami never goes outside.
Sami went trick-or-treating.
Sami didn't like Layla's last video.
Sami had to censor some parts of the video.
Sami censored some of his video.
Sami went through his video six times before he posted it.
Sami hates censoring videos.
Sami's YouTube videos didn't have any ads.
Sami has a store.
Sami can buy this.
Sami posts videos every day.
Sami bought socks.
Sami rated the video.
Sami was walking down the main road.
Sami and Layla lived in the same apartment.
Sami and Layla are laughing.
Sami has so much candy.
Sami is about six years old.
Sami was having the best Halloween of his life.
Sami took Layla's candy.
Sami stole Layla's candy.
Sami didn't want to do that.
Sami went deeper into the neighborhood.
Sami's street is connected to the main road.
Sami lives in an apartment complex.
Sami went to a rich neighborhood.
Sami wanted to trick-or-treat in a rich neighborhood.
Sami hated this type of people.
Sami is going back there.
Sami was knocking on the door.
Sami knocked on the door.
Sami was the leader of our group.
Sami is older than us.
Sami was taller than us.
Sami was in the front.
Sami and Layla went trick-or-treating.
Sami and Layla were trick-or-treating.
Sami is dating another girl.
Sami has a Halloween costume.
Sami was already gone.
Sami wore his Halloween costume.
Sami was trying to rob Layla.
Sami heard that statement.
Sami was still trying to convince Layla.
Sami was standing at the door, shocked.
Sami was shocked as hell.
Sami shouldn't be upset.
Sami just kept looking at Layla.
Sami picked up a rock.
Sami and Layla counted to six.
Sami started running hard.
Sami is not a very athletic person.
Sami isn't a very athletic person.
Sami came out of his house.
Sami got shot on Halloween.
Sami went back to where he came.
Sami kept repeating that.
Sami was running after Layla to stop her.
Sami is stealing Layla's candy.
Sami found out who Layla was.
Sami had a big brother.
Sami came out the bushes.
Sami was a huge Egyptian dude.
Sami was trying to run as fast as he could.
Sami was running as fast as he could.
Sami and Layla were running together.
Sami and Layla needed to split up to avoid capture.
Sami and Layla need to split up.
Sami walked back to his little brother.
Sami gave his brother some candy.
Sami vandalized Layla's property.
Sami stole that little boy's candy.
Sami gave Layla her candy back.
Sami is gonna have a serious problem.
Sami is going to have a serious problem.
Sami doesn't have a bank account.
Sami doesn't have sixty dollars.
Sami discovered Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami was heavily into drugs.
Sami made a video about drugs.
Sami stopped using drugs.
Sami quit using drugs.
Sami wanted to know how Layla quit using drugs.
Sami started smoking weed when he was sixteen.
Sami never smoked weed.
Sami went from smoking weed to drinking alcohol.
Sami wanted to try some new drugs.
Sami needed to do drugs every day.
Sami was addicted to weed.
Sami tried LSD once.
Sami said that weed wasn't his thing.
Sami was depressive.
Sami wasn't a big drinker at the time.
Sami experimented with acid.
Sami did acid.
Sami was addicted to acid.
Sami goes to a nightclub.
Sami wasn't physically addicted to those drugs.
Sami wasn't into stuff like that.
Sami quit weed.
Sami quit ecstasy.
Sami quit LSD.
Sami wasn't into psychedelics.
Sami was never addicted to psychedelics.
Sami was drinking a lot of coffee.
Sami quit smoking weed when he got married.
Sami quit smoking weed when he was 26.
Sami's job was stressing him out.
Sami lived in his first apartment at the time.
Sami punched holes in the wall.
Sami really needed to get his shit together.
Sami went to the club with a bunch of friends.
Sami no longer had any connects to the drug dealers.
Sami cut off those friends.
Sami turned sixteen in 2006.
Sami started remembering all that shit.
Sami wrote to Layla about it.
Sami didn't remember that he did that.
Sami was drunk or something.
Sami was super fucked up.
Sami held Layla's hands and told her that he loved her.
Sami never told anyone this before.
Sami has been telling me the first story for over six months.
Sami started remembering all of this stuff.
Sami was fucked up mentally.
Sami can't smoke weed.
Sami can't smoke weed here.
Sami tried to stop smoking weed.
Sami tried to quit smoking weed.
Sami was an avid weed smoker.
Sami stopped smoking weed, too.
Sami can't be around people smoking weed.
Sami felt tempted.
Sami didn't want to be around people that smoked weed.
Sami needed to stop smoking weed.
Sami's urges to smoke weed were coming back.
Sami stopped smoking cigarettes because he wanted to stop smoking weed.
Sami didn't feel the urge to smoke weed anymore.
Sami was smoking nicotine.
Sami stopped smoking.
Sami's girlfriend doesn't smoke.
Sami started drinking wine.
Sami gets off work at six.
Sami encouraged Layla to stop smoking weed.
Sami is very cautious with alcohol.
Sami has diabetes.
Sami was very cautious with weed.
Sami has severe diabetes.
Sami is very pro-weed.
Sami was very pro-weed, especially for medical reasons.
Sami can't afford to do shit like that.
Sami is home all day.
Sami isn't a weed smoker.
Sami smokes weed at home.
Sami smokes weed in front of the kids.
Sami smokes weed in front of everybody.
Sami was hanging out with people that weren't good for him.
Sami and Layla had nothing in common except smoking weed.
Sami knew that smoking damaged his lungs.
Sami was gay but he's straight now.
Sami wanted to know how to stop smoking weed.
Sami wanted to occupy himself with something else to stop smoking weed.
Sami smoked weed for six years.
Sami started smoking weed before the age of sixteen.
Sami needed help to stop smoking weed.
Sami needs to stop smoking weed.
Sami needed to quit smoking weed.
Sami smoked weed before he joined the military.
Sami wanted to join the military.
Layla had some tea to spill on Sami.
Sami probably already knows that.
Sami didn't watch that video.
Sami recommended Layla to watch that video.
Sami was going to retire the next year.
Sami is sixty and he could be retiring.
Sami is retiring next year.
Sami was drinking tea.
Sami can't do anything about it.
Sami is retiring anyway.
Sami is not retired.
Sami didn't knew where Layla was at the time.
Sami wet his pants.
Sami had that teacher for science.
Sami had Mr Bakir for science when he was in high school.
Sami and his classmates were dissecting a mouse.
Sami wrote to the principal about this.
Sami didn't get fired.
Sami was my sixth grade science teacher.
Sami has always got away with that.
Sami touched a sixth-grader inappropriately.
Sami wrote a letter to his principal.
Sami touched the sixth-grader inappropriately.
Sami came here for that.
Sami read a direct quote from Layla's letter.
Sami called the entire class "jerks."
Sami and Layla were friends with each other.
Sami will get really upset.
Sami called his students "jerks."
Sami wrote a longer letter to Layla.
Sami sits next to Layla.
Sami was the one being punished.
Sami wants to speak to me.
Sami rarely talks.
Sami doesn't scare me anymore.
Sami was being disrespectful to the teacher.
Sami did a rude thing.
Sami was being very rude.
Sami found that extremely embarrassing.
Sami needs to come after school.
Sami doesn't need to know that.
Sami found this very embarrassing.
Sami probably doesn't care about this.
Sami is very rude.
Sami is a very rude man.
Sami was a very bad person.
Sami finds this very annoying.
Sami should stop playing games.
Sami is the worst science teacher ever.
Sami got fired from that school.
Sami has a nice house in Cairo.
Sami is talking with his hands.
Sami needs to go straight to the point.
Layla was engaged.
Layla was Salima's bridesmaid.
Layla has already picked her bridesmaids.
Layla selected a total of six bridesmaids.
Layla's bridesmaids were her best friends.
Sami loved Layla to death.
Sami and Layla go to high school together.
Sami wasn't supportive of anything that Layla wanted.
Sami paid for all of it.
Sami is getting married in Cairo.
Sami lives there.
Sami's phone was surprisingly cheap.
Sami and Layla hated each other.
Sami decided to go with Layla.
Sami posted a text on Facebook.
Sami was being so fricking negative.
Sami knows this girl since college.
Layla decided to pick Salima to be her bridesmaid.
Layla was very upset with me because I didn't pick her to be my bridesmaid.
Sami's friends are living in Cairo.
Sami's friends are from Egypt.
Sami wanted to move to Cairo.
Sami purchased the flight ticket in Cairo.
Sami commented about everything.
Sami posted his comment on Layla's Facebook page.
Sami wasn't as happy as Layla.
Sami was selfish.
Sami is nowhere near that.
Sami didn't have a career like Layla.
Sami doesn't make that much money.
Layla was my maid of honor.
Sami texted Layla a long message.
Sami separately texted Layla.
Sami needed a lot of money.
Sami sold his car to start his own business.
Layla got engaged in June.
Sami was going to Egypt.
Sami knew Layla so well.
Sami told Layla this in 2006.
Sami is one of the worst people I have ever traveled with.
Sami waited six more months.
Sami needed to pay for Layla's shoes and dress.
Sami doesn't agree with me.
Sami doesn't care if you don't agree with him.
Sami was stupid rich.
Sami gave Layla a gift.
Sami isn't doing this.
Sami was trying to find the cheapest suit.
Sami is not doing that.
Sami said he felt bad.
Sami and his friends were outnumbered.
Sami wanted to go ahead.
Sami is always complaining.
Sami won't call Layla back.
Sami can't afford it.
Sami couldn't afford it.
Sami was honest with his friend.
Sami helped Layla with that.
Sami is clapping.
Sami poured his heart out to Layla.
Sami is not coming to Layla's wedding.
Sami is just a guest.
Sami took a screenshot of Layla's text message.
Sami sent the text message to both Layla and Farid.
Sami texted me back.
Sami wondered why Layla was so rude.
Sami doesn't curse.
Sami never curses.
Sami and Layla knew each other for so long.
Sami is nice most of the time.
Sami and Layla used to live together.
Sami is not there for you.
Sami is not that person.
Sami isn't that person.
Sami is done with that girl.
Sami hurt Layla's feeling.
Sami was literally so rude.
Sami is trying to calm Layla down.
Sami is working on that.
Sami was trying to keep his composure.
Sami kicked Farid out of his wedding.
Sami needed to talk to the principal.
Sami was sad to do this to Layla.
Sami is smiling.
Sami is giggling.
Sami is already giggling.
Sami screenshot Layla's text message.
Sami sent the message to his sister.
Sami removed Layla from the group chat.
Sami removed Layla from the conversation.
Layla will be my maid of honor.
Sami removed Layla from his life.
Sami never tried to call Layla again.
Sami is not my friend on social media.
Sami isn't my friend on social media.
Sami loves his nephews to death.
Sami wished Layla the best.
Sami gave so much to Layla without receiving anything back.
Sami was feeling great.
Sami and Layla were getting along.
Sami was in a negative point in his life.
Sami doesn't know what is going on.
Sami is just lost.
Sami doesn't want to know.
Sami didn't know what he wanted in life.
Sami knew that God had a plan for him.
Sami was planning his wedding.
Sami really wanted this.
Sami was so excited for that.
Sami should stay positive.
Sami couldn't figure out what to do.
Layla loved making new friendships.
Sami and Layla did a video together.
Sami just sat there, talking about his days in the military.
For six years, Sami has been my best friend.
Sami cut off all communication with Layla.
Sami and Layla divorced right after their wedding.
Sami's video is very popular on YouTube.
Sami finds this very interesting.
Sami doesn't want to stay here.
Sami and Layla met in college.
Sami and Layla lived on the same floor.
Layla's husband was good friends with Salim's husband.
Layla agreed to be Salima's maid of honor.
Layla asked Salima to be her maid of honor.
Sami lives in Ontario.
Sami wanted to go to Cairo which was a couple of hours from where he lived.
Sami was acting a little bit different from Layla.
Sami was acting normal.
Sami loves water parks.
Sami took Layla to a water park.
Sami wanted to ride some rides.
Sami didn't want to ride any rides.
Sami is scared of that ride.
Sami didn't want to ride that ride with Layla.
Sami went on that ride.
Sami found this very bizarre.
Sami thought that was weird.
Sami appeared to be flirting with a girl at the pool.
Sami was talking to girls.
Sami was super confused.
Sami and Layla got to the hotel.
Sami isn't talking to me.
Sami never asked Layla if she needed anything.
Sami pulled Layla aside and started talking to her.
Sami is just hungry.
Sami wasn't participating in the game.
Sami was really hurting Layla's feelings.
Sami and Layla took a shower together.
Layla was Salima's maid of honor.
Layla's maid of honor is supposed to be by her side.
Sami wasn't in any of those photos.
Sami was waiting for the technician.
Sami was a technician.
Sami was an experienced technician.
Sami was ignoring me.
Sami was ignoring the guests.
Sami wanted to make sure that Layla was having a good time.
Sami took a shot from that bottle.
Sami was drinking alcohol from an unmarked bottle.
Sami was ruining Layla's wedding.
Sami was trying to ruin Layla's wedding party.
Sami wanted to ruin Layla's wedding.
Sami was going to a different bar.
Sami was at a bachelor party.
Sami was causing such a scene at the party.
Layla is my sister-in-law.
Sami wanted to go to that bar.
Sami doesn't talk to Layla anymore.
Sami beat Layla six days before their wedding.
Sami and Layla had lunch.
Sami and Layla were trying to talk about it.
Layla planned Salima's bachelorette's party.
Layla never came to Salima's bachelorette's party.
Sami thought things would be OK.
Sami started not caring at all about that.
Sami started to freak out.
Layla shouldn't have asked Salima to be her maid of honor.
Sami's wedding day came and went and nothing changed.
Sami had a lot of fun.
Sami gave a nice speech.
Sami was out of town.
Sami was too far out of town.
Sami and Layla had a six month engagement.
Sami never answered any of Layla's calls.
Sami and Layla wanted to get together.
Sami started to get more aggressive in his text messages.
Sami unfriended me on Facebook.
Sami realized that Layla unfriended him on Facebook.
Sami gave Layla a chance to explain that.
Sami decided to give Layla a chance to explain that.
Sami was having a nice life.
Sami didn't give Layla a chance to explain that.
Sami was so mean.
Sami is so mean and cruel.
Sami was so cruel.
Sami never figured that out.
Sami could have done that.
Sami killed Layla's dog.
