You're going to be exonerated.
You're dating someone, aren't you?
You're going out with someone, aren't you?
You're going to be famous someday.
I'm not the one responsible for what happened.
I'm pretty sure Tom is right about that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is right about that.
You're not the kind of girl that I usually go out with.
You're not the kind of girl I usually go out with.
Tom is tired and I'm tired, too.
You're going to do that today, aren't you?
You're a really good photographer.
You're on the path to success.
Kabyles don't need a fascist racist separatist group to defend them.
What is pottery?
Take your hands off Tom.
Tom's parents kept him locked in the basement for three months.
You have heart disease.
I can't just not do anything. I have to do something.
I cannot not say anything. Somebody has to speak up and break the silence.
Why can't you read silently? You're disturbing the baby!
Tom turned on his turn signal.
He wrote this in Berber.
He grew up in Kabylie, Algeria.
My father moved us to Kabylie, Algeria.
The Bible was in Berber.
He was typing in Berber.
Don't act rashly.
I don't understand your opposition.
I don't understand your resistance.
She followed the path of least resistance.
The ohm is the unit of measurement for electrical resistance in the SI system. Its symbol is Ω.
He's not going to take a nap.
He's not going to take a siesta.
Could I have a glass of beer, please?
He lives in Paris.
It's only an estimate.
That's just an estimate.
I'm not excluding them.
Without your help, I don't have a chance.
True friends are valuable companions in good and bad times. A person lucky enough to have good friends is blessed.
I have trouble breathing.
He's already visited the United States.
He's already been to the United States.
Let me make sure your leg isn't broken.
He's a special case.
You sold refrigerators.
You were selling refrigerators.
He was part-Kabyle, part-Tuareg.
English is destined for commerce, German for philosophy, Italian for art, and French for love.
You can't polish a jewel without rubbing it.
When I'm with you, I'm never bored.
It was for me!
I still haven't decided which tactic I'll use.
I still hadn't decided which tactic I'd use.
The wardrobes were being emptied and the contents were being checked.
Come into the garden! You'll really like the inside of it.
Ten years have passed since the last time I saw her.
Ten years had passed since the last time I'd seen her.
Tom is an ordinary teenager.
He divided his book into five categories.
Tom is a special child.
Our favorite board game is Ticket to Ride.
A dog has masters. A cat has servants.
A dog has masters; a cat has servants.
Dogs have masters. Cats have servants.
You're one narrow-minded individual.
You're still inexperienced.
You're still a beginner.
The room is starting to warm up now.
How long did Tom live in Australia?
How long did it take you to get to Boston by plane?
Is it true that you wanted to live in Boston?
Was it raining in Boston?
What's Australia's highest mountain?
What's happening now in Boston?
When are you coming to Boston again?
What does Tom do in Boston?
He interrupted our discussion.
I missed my stop. What should I do?
There is nothing which exacts a higher price than revenge, yet is so futile.
In those days, a cup of coffee cost yen.
Forgive me for being frank. You have erred.
The lesson has ended and the children have gone out to play.
Don't you raise your voice at me.
Everyone chose him to speak at the conference.
Can you taste what is missing?
Jose, Anna, hello.
The browser is running really slowly.
I like using these goods; they are very suitable for me.
In Taiwan, the differences between the four seasons have become less and less obvious. A short spring and autumn have gradually become part of the features of the four seasons.
Xiao Wang, can I use your bike? Forget I said that, you are riding it!
The hillside had torrential flooding from the west.
I am really sorry, but I seem to have lost your umbrella.
Not all Canadians are tall.
I met Tom the day I got here.
I'm a little bit concerned.
Tom is intent on doing that.
I saddled the horse myself.
Stop teasing Tom about that.
I wonder if the sea levels will rise when the North Pole melts.
You had a bath.
I feel like I'm going to faint.
As soon as she finished, she lay down and had a nap.
Yes, I am Anna.
Do people in America use these gestures?
Why are you going back to Boston?
We are tonight's entertainers.
You remind me of my father.
Cats are great.
Our favorite board game is "Ticket to Ride".
He patted her bum.
This castle also has a ghost.
My father is sitting under the tree.
In spite of the fact that drinking alcohol damages their bodies, many people still like to drink it.
We want world peace.
Dung beetles are insects.
If the food isn't good, I am very sorry.
You need to wake up quickly, your eyes still aren't open!
China is a sleeping tiger, but once it wakes up, it will shock the world.
Alessia cannot speak English.
We are making dumplings in the kitchen!
This flower is grey.
After receiving instructions from the judge, the jurors retired to the jury room to begin deliberations.
Naoko is swimming.
Traffic accidents occur more frequently when it is raining than when it is not.
Are those fruits sold by weight or by the piece?
My sister will be getting married soon.
The post office is closed on Sundays.
Without your help, I have no chance.
Without your help, I don't stand a chance.
The dog is yapping.
Maria is respected by everyone.
Tom told me that he never wanted to work for his father.
Tom told me he never wanted to work for his father.
You're not going dressed like that, are you?
You aren't going dressed like that, are you?
You're wrong. That isn't what I said.
You aren't the only one hurting here.
You aren't the only one that was hurt.
Watch out! That man over there has a gun.
Don't let Tom look at these pictures.
Whortleberry may refer to the berries of several plants of genus Vaccinium.
My mother was a buzhie, but my father was a Bohemian type.
Coster, costermonger, or costard is a street seller of fruit and vegetables, in London and other British towns.
Enfilade and defilade are concepts in military tactics used to describe a military formation's exposure to enemy fire.
It’s such a distant connection that I hope Oscar won’t bring up our being kissing cousins at school.
Fear me not, drunkard.
Is it a male or a female?
She sang a song in Berber.
I am non-binary, so I go by gender-neutral pronouns.
Shoebills eat fish.
Have you ever seen a shoebill?
He wasn't speaking Berber.
My neighbor wasn't at home when the cat came.
I like hiking in Kabylie, Algeria.
You live in a big house.
I hope you have a great weekend in Kabylie.
I'll never forget Kabylie.
He has never been to Kabylie.
I haven't visited Kabylie yet.
He used to hunt in Kabylie.
My brother has a house in Kabylie.
I had a great weekend in Kabylie
I grew up in Kabylie.
On weekends, my father would often take us to Kabylie.
Kabylie is a beautiful region.
We go to Kabylie every weekend.
I love Kabylie.
We all love Kabylie.
Kabylie is our region.
Everyone hates the separatists.
This happened somewhere in Kabylie.
I still dream about my native Kabylie.
I grew up in a small quiet town in Kabylie, Algeria.
This is some olive oil from Kabylie.
He spent months reading about Kabylie.
This is separatist propaganda.
These are separatist lies.
The separatists hate everyone and everyone hates them.
The separatists accuse everyone of being against them.
The separatists think they're the only ones who have the right to talk about or defend Kabylie.
Those separatists are just a bunch of low life thugs who don't know shit about politics, and much less about the anthropology or the history of Kabylie.
Those separatists are just a bunch of shitheads.
Those separatists are just a bunch of low life racist hypocrites.
He's upset at me.
No one needs those low life separatists and their shitty racist propaganda.
Everything the separatists publish on their websites smells of the shit of racism.
Those separatists are intent on destroying not only Kabylie, but all of Algeria.
I don't see the difference between those separatists and the notorious terrorist groups that used to slaughter children during the 1990's.
Those separatists deserve no respect and we will continue to fight them on every online plarform.
Kabylie doesn't belong to the separatists.
The separatist group is very unpopular in Kabylie.
Kabylie rejects all forms of extremism, including the stinky racist propaganda of this separatist group.
Who do those low life separatists think they are to speak in the name of all of Kabylie?
Our struggle against those separatists will never stop until they are all gone.
I carry my set of keys in my pocket.
Those separatists are sociopaths.
I have never travelled by plane.
The blood froze in his veins.
The blood froze in her veins.
Do you know that's a bad sign?
Walking under a ladder is bad luck.
I got elected.
Tell Tom that I'm joking.
Tell Tom I'm joking.
Tell Tom that I'm doing my homework.
Tell Tom I'm doing my homework.
Tell Tom I'm eating.
Put these suitcases somewhere else.
Be sure to be here by two-thirty.
Please write down your date of your birth.
Look at the cat that's on that roof.
Look at the cat on that roof.
Look at the cat on the roof.
Take a look at this picture.
This would taste a lot better with a little more salt.
I think it'll taste better if you add a little salt and pepper.
I think that it'll taste better if you add a little salt and pepper.
Give me a hand with the suitcases.
Please show me how to play this game.
Don't force Tom to eat.
Could you please proofread this for me?
Don't play catch in this room.
If you don't know what it means, look it up in the dictionary.
Please go and get me three pieces of chalk.
Come on Monday if possible.
Give me your opinion.
Tell me your opinion.
You can have any three of these books that you want.
Choose any one of these books that you like.
Locate Boston on the map.
Try not to get lost again.
What's the best way to tell someone that you don't like them?
We're tonight's entertainment.
No one would say that.
Nobody would say that.
You didn't tell Tom what you wrote to Mary, did you?
I need to get a new pair of glasses.
Tom eats breakfast every morning at six.
Tom eats breakfast every morning at 6:00.
Francisk Skorina from Polotsk is the first book printer in Eastern Europe. In 1517, he brought printing technology to Belarusans, Ukrainians and Russians.
My father and I sometimes go fishing.
My father and I sometimes go fishing together.
I think it'll rain this afternoon.
One good thing about winter is that there are no mosquitos.
One good thing about winter is there are no mosquitos.
What do you have planned for tomorrow?
Traffic accidents occur more often when it's raining than when it's not.
Don't let Tom drink any milk.
Let's wait here until everybody else goes home.
You need to speak loud enough to be heard.
Press this button in case of emergency.
I need to go to the store to buy some eggs.
Delete Tom's name from the list.
I would like to focus on sharing why it is important to localize tools into the Swahili language.
I have to dance with you today.
To be honest, I have a feeling this won't lead to anything.
I don't remember anything at all.
This window is broken.
They are old.
And he sent them by the hands of his servants, every drove by itself, and he said to his servants: Go before me, and let there be a space between drove and drove.
And he commanded the first, saying: If thou meet my brother Esau, and he ask thee: Whose art thou? or whither goest thou? or whose are these before thee? thou shalt answer: Thy servant Jacob's: he hath sent them as a present to my lord Esau; and he cometh after us.
I know him. He's a sly, insolent guy.
Think about it and then ask
Hey, who is this guy?
He is widely known.
Don't you guys trust him?
In like manner he commanded the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying: Speak ye the same words to Esau, when ye find him. And ye shall add: Thy servant Jacob himself also followeth after us; for he said: I will appease him with the presents that go before, and afterwards I will see him, perhaps he will be gracious to me.
I lived in Kabylie, Algeria, as a child.
So the presents went before him, but himself lodged that night in the camp.
And rising early, he took his two wives and his two handmaids, with his eleven sons, and passed over the ford of Jaboc. And when all things were brought over that belonged to him, he remained alone; and behold, a man wrestled with him till morning.
It's raining in Kabylie.
She is drawing.
I have two fathers.
I have two mothers.
This is my friend, Alex. I met them at work.
The insects of my fatherland are small.
Go to Ottawa!
Jan is small.
I am a Bahá'í.
I am truly touched by the teachings of the Bahá'í faith.
To be a Bahá’í simply means to love all the world; to love humanity and try to serve it; to work for universal peace and universal brotherhood.
My cousins still live in Kabylie, Algeria.
I still remember my childhood in Kabylie.
I live in Kabylie.
Kabylie is located in Algeria.
He texts his fiancee in Berber.
He lived in a small house in Kabylie, Algeria.
It's snowing in Kabylie.
My dog meows.
My animal makes the sound of another animal.
This is in Kabylie.
This is happening in Kabylie, Algeria.
I spent my teenage years in Kabylie, Algeria.
When I feel bad, I utter animal noises.
I gave him my address in Kabylie.
I come from a small town located in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was a military at the time and he was stationed in Kabylie.
To be honest, I have a feeling this won't lead anywhere.
We go to Kabylie every Friday.
They spoke in Berber.
I knew she was in Kabylie.
A follower of oneness through destructive power is good in only this way: he is dead.
He studied many religions, including Islam.
She lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
His life is bad.
He owns a nice restaurant in Kabylie.
We were in Kabylie.
My friend and I were in Kabylie.
He went to Kabylie for the weekend.
This happened in Kabyle, Algeria, around three months ago.
Kabylie attracts a lot of tourists.
They were speaking in Berber, but I couldn't make out what they were saying.
He has family in Kabylie.
They own a grocery store in Kabylie.
She said she has no idea why her life has fallen apart.
He can stay for as long as he wants in Kabylie.
He will stay in Kabylie.
He began teaching me Berber.
He spent four days in Kabylie.
The separatists will never make us leave this website.
Did you know that Kabylie is one of the most beautiful regions of Algeria?
Kabylie is an Algerian region located on the Mediterranean coast.
Algerians are united against the dangers of extremism and separatism.
Separatists are not welcome in Kabylie.
She is wearing gorgeous silk clothes.
The separatist movement is widely rejected in Kabylie. Just look at the millions of Kabyles that took part in protests for political change in Algeria. Algerian and Berber flags can be seen everywhere. The separatist flag is nowhere to be seen.
The racist separatist movement will soon die.
He speaks in a dialect.
Studying is a step-by-step process.
Spring makes us full of hope about the future.
The separatists can't fool anyone with their ridiculous pseudo-scientific propaganda.
Grabbing onto his head, he said: "What is that?"
Tom drinks juice.
He should spend more time on this piece of research.
His car flipped over several times before it fell into the river.
None of this is your money.
Mistakes and lying can be worked through, but I cannot stand a complete lack of humour.
What does Shanghai people's Mandarin sound like?
He explained the rules to me.
What can you really see?
Anna is twelve years old.
His accent sounded Kabyle.
Yesterday, my father came to my house to help me with the air conditioning.
The shop closed at 5.
There are only three women in this class.
He had that distinct Kabyle accent.
I took lots of pictures in Kabylie.
A new Slovak fairy tale movie "Johanka's secret" features singer Kristína Peláková with the song "On a White Horse".
Who is at your table?
The server is a bit slow.
The text of the song is provided by Kamil Peteraj, music is composed by Martin Kavulič.
Your project needs a large amount of money.
The video clip contains images from the fairy tale movie.
Berber is spoken in North Africa.
They spoke to each other in Berber.
There was a boy named Johnny, he had a modest look of a lamb.
They speak to each other in Berber.
Yes, I am Muslim.
Yes, I'm Muslim.
Are you Muslim?
Are you Kabyle?
Are you from Kabylie?
Are you guys from Kabylie?
Are you two from Kabylie?
They lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
I spent four full months in Kabylie.
He had a pretty hard life.
He goes to Kabylie every Friday night.
He had a thick Kabyle accent.
The separatists even threatened to kill me.
The separatists would turn into rabid animals every time someone contradicts them.
The separatists would turn into rabid dogs every time someone questions their views.
Every student should thank their teacher.
Are you non-binary?
I love Alex.
A few week ago I bought a scanner.
He wrote all of his letters in Berber.
He began messaging me in Berber.
I visited a museum with Alex.
I was born and raised in Kabylie, but I moved to Algiers when I was twenty.
Kabylie is an hour away from Algiers.
The separatists would get hostile and aggressive to anyone who dares question their ridiculous political views.
He purchased a duplex in Kabylie, Algeria.
He began speaking in Berber.
He visited many different villages in Kabylie, Algeria.
Our old Kabyle house is still intact.
At the time, I was renting a house in Kabylie, Algeria.
He never spoke in Berber.
He has a house in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was arrested in Kabylie, Algeria.
His parents live in Kabylie, Algeria.
My native language isn't Berber.
I live in a small Kabyle village.
I spent four months in Kabylie, Algeria, and I loved it there.
Those who don't like animals don't like people either.
The snake bites the charlatan.
Love and a cough cannot be hid.
I currently live in Kabylie, Algeria.
It gave birth to two males and three females.
She fell in love with her.
He fell in love with him.
I just ate a cheeseburger.
I went to a Quranic school located in Kabylie, Algeria.
I am from Djibouti.
Do you guys live in Djibouti?
We live in Djibouti.
Layla is Djiboutian.
Sami is Djiboutian.
Do you live in Djibouti, Sami?
Sami and Layla live in Djibouti.
Layla and Rima live in Djibouti.
Layla lives in Djibouti.
Sami lives in Djibouti.
David is a Serbian citizen.
Malina is a Serbian citizen.
Maria is a Romanian citizen.
Adrian is a Romanian citizen.
Alvaro is a Cuban citizen.
Clara is a Cuban citizen.
I am a Cuban citizen.
Layla and Rima are Djiboutians.
Ahmed and Sami are Djiboutians.
Are you Djiboutian, Layla?
Layla is a Djiboutian citizen.
Sami is a Djiboutian citizen.
I live in Djibouti.
Djibouti is an Arab country.
Layla is a Bahraini citizen.
Sami is a Bahraini citizen.
Juan is a Brazilian citizen.
Ana is a Brazilian citizen.
Juan is a Mexican citizen.
Carmen is a Mexican citizen.
Emma is an Italian citizen.
Luca is an Italian citizen.
Emily is a Canadian citizen.
William is a Canadian citizen.
Aydar is a Kazakhstani citizen.
Aylin is a Kazakhstani citizen.
Emma is a Swiss citizen.
Oliver is a Swiss citizen.
Scheherazade is an Iranian citizen.
Armin is an Iranian citizen.
Sarah is an Afghan citizen.
Ahmed is an Afghan citizen.
Layla is a Pakistani citizen.
Ahmed is a Pakistani citizen.
Sarah is an Indian citizen.
Ahmed is an Indian citizen.
Ha-yoon is a Korean citizen.
Dong is a Korean citizen.
Ling is a Chinese citizen.
Dong is a Chinese citizen.
Albert is a Russian citizen.
Anfisa is a Russian citizen.
Ayşe is a Turkish citizen.
Yusuf is a Turkish citizen.
Aya is a Saudi citizen.
Layla is a Somali citizen.
Armin is a Japanese citizen.
Hana is a Japanese citizen.
Layla is a Qatari citizen.
Sami is a Qatari citizen.
Rima is a Sudanese citizen.
Bilal is a Somali citizen.
Ahmed is a Sudanese citizen.
Layla is an Omani citizen.
Ahmed is an Omani citizen.
Dima is a Jordanian citizen.
Sami is a Jordanian citizen.
Rimas is an Iraqi citizen.
Loubna is a Palestinian citizen.
Khadija is a kuwaiti citizen.
Khaled is a Kuwaiti citizen.
Lina is a Yemeni citizen.
Sami is a Yemeni citizen.
Safa is a Libyan citizen.
Amira is a Moroccan citizen.
Sara is a Tunisian citizen.
Tom OD'd.
Tom overdosed.
Tom OD'd on heroin.
You're completely drunk again.
Weary of life, Tom became a cynic.
Truly, no one is wise without knowing darkness.
I put the saddle on the horse myself.
You're not leaving Australia for good, are you?
You're not the one that was hurt, are you?
I'm from Leeuwarden.
You're planning to help me tomorrow, aren't you?
You're a pharmacist, aren't you?
You're a college student, aren't you?
The separatists are trying to steal the symbols of the Black Spring events that took place in Kabylie in 2001-in which they never participated.
The separatist group never took part in the events of the Black Spring that took place in Kabylie in 2001-2002.
The separatist group was even opposed to the arouch movement that organized the protests of the Black Spring that took place in Kabylie in 2001-2002.
The separatists are stealing the symbols of the Black Spring events in which they never participated.
The separatists have become enemies of the Berber cause.
The separatists have become enemies of the Berber language.
The separatists are the traitors and the enemies of the Berber cultural movement.
We decided to stay in Kabylie.
Most of Kabylie looks similar.
I was camping in Kabylie.
Kabylie and southern Italy look very similar.
I have received multiple death threats from the separatists.
The death threats I received from the separatists are currently being investigated by law enforcement.
The separatists would routinely send threatening messages to people who dare argue them on social media.
Some separatists are, in my opinion, extremely dangerous individuals.
Some of the separatists who sent me threatening messages via social media didn't even hide their true identities.
Some of the separatists that sent me threatening messages live in France and Canada.
I have the true names of many separatists that sent me threatening messages via e-mail and Facebook.
What're you all looking at?
There are no bears in Kabylie.
Hyenas are extremely rare in Kabylie.
The Barbary lion is extinct in Kabylie.
I'm from Kabylie.
I am from Kabylie.
I come from Kabylie.
My family is from Kabylie.
My family comes from Kabylie.
Kabylie is a beautiful region located in northern Algeria.
I come from Kabylie, a region in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is in northeastern Algeria.
You're not going to promote your stinky racist separatist ideas on this website.
All the separatists can do is spreading hatred online.
All the separatists can do is spreading messages of hatred online.
Now the separatists are sending threatening messages to Berber activists.
Islam is the main religion in Kabylie.
Kabyles are Muslim.
Almost all Kabyles are Muslim.
Every single village in Kabylie has a mosque.
Every single village in Kabylie has its own mosque.
Mosques are everywhere you go in Kabylie.
I was traveling Kabylie.
The separatists would threaten foreigners with legal proceedings and would threaten Berber activists with violence and even death.
To date nobody knows the actual size of the cosmos.
The separatists should sue everyone for rejecting their ridicoulous stinky racist ideas.
This separatist group seems to be operating like a violent gang.
Do you know accounting?
There is no need to be so strict.
This separatist group seems to be operating like an organized gang.
Let them have their fun.
How many trips did you make?
He seldom eats fruits.
Do girls masturbate too?
They live in an isolated house in Kabylie.
I have bought clothes.
I have to catch the early train tomorrow.
This gives me renewed hopes.
Iceland has not joined the European Union.
He is not willing to testify for his compatriot.
He doesn't like meat.
May I finish it?
Oh, I'm sick.
He owned a small farm in Kabylie, Algeria.
She was wearing a traditional Kabyle dress.
We are all going to Kabylie.
She fell in love with a Kabyle man from Algeria.
She married a Kabyle man from Algeria.
He knows Kabylie very well.
I'm interested in Berber culture.
I know Kabylie like the back of my hand.
He goes fishing in Kabylie.
We camped in Kabylie.
This is my favorite camping spot in Kabylie.
Don't let them change you.
I want to move to Kabylie.
The election is this Sunday.
We all want to go to Kabylie.
Kabylie is where my parents were born.
"Where is Kabylie?" "It's in northeastern Algeria."
"Where is Kabylie?" "It's in Algeria."
You guys didn't clarify anything for him.
You guys didn't clarify anything for her.
I recognized him from his Kabyle accent.
I'll see you guys there.
The separatists have developed an extremely violent political discourse lately.
You asked me for it.
I sleep in a big bed.
Austrian and Swiss people eat a lot of sweets.
Austrians and Swiss people eat a lot of sweets.
I moved to Kabylie again.
I once lived in Kabylie.
We have an old house in Kabylie, Algeria.
In Europe, classes begin in September.
Do it your way!
I find collecting stamps to be a useful pastime because it's often very interesting to me.
Worth special consideration are the last lines of the essay.
Favors and compliments can't not be effective in these sorts of circumstances.
I don't want to be too strict with you.
I don't get why he doesn't agree.
I don't understand why he doesn't agree.
Economists warn that the economy has to grow by five percent every year in order to keep up with the professional population.
Lunch break is an hour long.
The lunch break is an hour long.
I was visiting my grandmother in Kabylie.
First words get confused, then ideas get confused, and finally things themselves get confused.
You need to watch the movie.
It's necessary for you to watch the movie.
It's necessary for you to watch the film.
You need to watch the film.
We'll go shower now.
We are not afraid of the separatists.
This is the Algerian flag, our flag.
I was driving through Kabylie with my brother's car.
The children found the keys.
Nobody noticed the mistake.
Sarah is an Afghanistani citizen.
Harry is an English citizen.
Harry is British citizen.
Charles is a French citizen.
Emma is a Belgian citizen.
Use your method!
William is a Swedish citizen.
Julia is a Swedish citizen.
Hannah is a German citizen.
Eva is a Dutch citizen.
Alice is an English citizen.
Alice is a British citizen.
John is a British citizen.
Rima is a Lebanese citizen.
Ahmed is a Saudi citizen.
Sami is a Syrian citizen.
Layla is an Egyptian citizen.
Rami is an Egyptian citizen.
Amayas is an Algerian citizen.
Tiziri is an Algerian citizen.
I am a Spanish citizen.
I am an English citizen.
I am an Iraqi citizen.
I am a Dutch citizen.
I am a Lebanese citizen.
I am a Syrian citizen.
I am a German citizen.
I am a Tunisian citizen.
I am a Lebanese girl.
He speaks Kurdish.
She speaks Kurdish.
Does he speak Kurdish?
Kurdish is my native language.
I want to learn Kurdish.
We speak Kurdish.
They speak Kurdish.
I suspect that Tom is on holiday.
I suspect Tom is on holiday.
Kabyles are proud to be Algerian.
We're Kabyle and we're proud to be Algerian.
A true Kabyle would never insult the Algerian flag.
Tens of thousands of Kabyles died for the independence of Algeria.
She was in her beautiful Kabyle dress.
My family moved to a new house in Kabylie.
He was speaking in Berber.
My family is Kabyle.
There are rules that are too stupid to follow.
She is a famous Brazilian singer.
Kabyle is a beautiful region.
The mosque in our Kabyle village was built in the 1700's.
He was talking to someone in Berber.
There is a monument in front of the museum.
I worked in a nursing home in Kabylie, Algeria.
I am happy about our up-coming meeting.
It is less complicated to tell the truth than to lie.
He was ready to give their marriage another chance.
What was that girl doing in your room?
This summer we will travel together.
This is an epidemic easily contained.
Life has lost its meaning.
No mistake escapes his attention.
I concede that you are right.
That is not my favorite topic.
Why then did you reveal your feelings to him?
Interacting with children, one learns to view the world through their eyes.
Maria is really into recreational sleep.
There's no way it'll be enough.
I don't understand why we should torment each other any longer.
A chick is the offspring of a rooster and a hen.
Is there a chance he'll succeed?
She is young and still immature.
You can take a shower in the upstairs bathroom.
I don’t know who created "Pokémon Go," but I want to figure out how to get them to have "Pokémon Go To The Polls."
There was a knight, he was a worthy man.
"Are you hetero or lesbian?" "I am hetero."
Give me that one there.
Today we bought some good stuff.
I am either going to watch a movie, or chat with my friends.
Chinese is a tonal language.
The method used for tests in Australia is not meant to be difficult for the people sitting them.
Because I have a lot of money, I can travel a lot.
You should go and brush your teeth.
I bought a kite to give to you.
I will be absent tomorrow.
How is Tom's health?
He has never let me down.
Burn after reading.
Edward read the message.
Children are like seeds. Some grow quickly, with only water; others need a long time and patient care.
I'm superfluous here.
A nugging-dress is an exotic dress, especially a loose dress worn by and characteristic of harlots. Brothels were called "nugging houses".
Filtered back projection is an analytic reconstruction algorithm designed to overcome the limitations of conventional back projection.
MDIR is literally in my back yard.
I do not degrade you. I purify you.
You should go brush your teeth.
You're going to have to live with what you've done.
You're welcome to come with us if you want.
There's no way that's going to be enough.
She is a tennis player.
She's a tennis player.
Tom has stopped calling me.
Is Tom aware of his mistake?
I can tell you their names.
Has Tom already come back?
I'd like to be a Canadian.
Tom wastes a lot of money.
I speak French very badly.
Tom still hasn't met Mary.
How will we be remembered?
You're the nicest girlfriend I've ever had.
In many languages, domestic cats are named after the "meow" sound they make.
Mary is a crazy cat lady.
Do you have a lot of money on you?
Sorry, I don't have any change.
It really is a headache.
The main type of tree in this part of the forest is the cypress.
When you have free time, please come and play.
They never do exercise.
I waited for him for a long time.
I am studying at Juana's house.
What flavour does this yoghurt have?
The apple is on top of the book.
Netanyahu is a monster.
Every morning, while he is eating his breakfast, his dog looks at him.
She spoke in a thick Kabyle accent.
There are nice beaches in Kabylie, Algeria.
I haven't seen Kabylie in years.
I thought I would never see Kabylie again.
I was looking for my Berber dictionary.
She lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
I have a friend named Yidir and he's Kabyle.
I did some cave exploration in Kabylie, Algeria.
I wanted to visit a cave in Kabylie, Algeria.
I wanted to climb a mountain in Kabylie, Algeria.
This cave is in Kabylie, Algeria.
We went cave exploring in Kabylie, Algeria.
We wanted to explore caves in Kabylie, Algeria.
We wanted to go camping in Kabylie, Algeria.
I still live in Kabylie.
It got unseasonably cold in Kabylie.
All my co-workers are from Kabylie.
This happened last year in Kabyle, Algeria.
It's good to have friends everywhere.
The prominent poet attempted to commit suicide in her study.
Nobody is their own enemy.
It is better to say "woe is me" than "woe is us".
The last male of that species died last year.
There are only females left.
Why are there differences between males and females?
I was visiting my father in Kabylie, Algeria.
He's writing a book about Kabylie.
They are my friend.
He lives in a very isolated area in Kabylie, Algeria.
Jackals are common in Kabylie.
He hunts wild boars in Kabylie.
I'm not sure about its sex.
I love the picture.
Layla lives in Amman.
Layla lives in Baghdad.
Sami lives in Baghdad.
Sami lives in Jerusalem.
I live in Damascus.
Sami lives in Damascus.
Layla lives in Damascus.
They live in Damascus.
We live in Damascus.
My name is Alex.
Sami lives in Amman.
I live in Amman.
The capital of Iraq is Baghdad.
Do you guys live in Baghdad?
Do you live in Baghdad?
They live in Baghdad.
We live in Baghdad.
She lives in Baghdad.
He lives in Baghdad.
I live in Baghdad.
What's going on in Algeria?
What's happening in Algeria?
The have a 10-acre property in Kabylie, Algeria.
The built a big house in Kabylie, Algeria.
They visit Kabylie every summer.
Summers can be very hot in Kabylie.
Winters can be extremely cold in some parts of Kabylie.
I spent the summer in Kabylie, Algeria.
This happened in Kabylie, Algeria, back in the 1990's.
Kabylie is a wonderful area.
Kabylie is the area where my parents were born.
Kabylie is the area where your grandparents come from.
My family is from Kabylie originally.
He wants to visit a cave in Kabylie, Algeria.
He wanted to visit a small cave in Kabylie, Algeria.
They went exploring a small cave in Kabylie, Algeria.
We moved back to Kabylie when I was about fourteen years old.
I invited all the family to a huge vacation in Kabylie, Algeria.
We are Kabyles, from Kabylie, Algeria.
We're Kabyles, from Kabylie, Algeria.
They are not all poor.
I can already speak English.
Sorry, can I borrow it for a minute?
You are a big slacker.
There's a good article about the proposal on Wikipedia.
That's why I cannot believe it.
This is the part I cannot believe.
Get your things and leave.
Can't Tom ride a bicycle?
Do you work at a hospital?
Tom didn't buy any eggs.
Tomorrow is October 20th.
I'm here to learn French.
That's Tom's wife's car.
Tom climbed up the rope.
You're not allowed to bring food into the library.
You aren't allowed to bring food into the library.
You're taking advantage of Tom's weakness.
You're the only person that can persuade Tom.
You're running a big risk in trusting Tom.
What's up, bro?
Netanyahu promised permanent apartheid in the West Bank to save his political career.
They didn't help me.
Tom studied philosophy, law, and medicine, and, unfortunately, he isn't any smarter than before.
Tom is older than his sister.
Only you can persuade Tom.
Tom is much older than his wife.
Only you and you alone can do that.
We are on strike.
We still don't have a box.
In Spain, they wear red boxers or knickers on Christmas.
I can't buy these red bell peppers.
Going to sleep and waking up early is good for the body.
My father is Li Gang!
I want to learn how to play "Go".
Where did you study Chinese?
This is a very promising industry.
Can you hurry up a bit?
Moral evil is the result of ignorance.
I want your photograph.
Do you like cigarettes?
I could disappear at any time.
Currently, having a hood is part of young people's fashion.
I choose to take pride in my work.
Please get here with the ambulance quickly. Hurry up!
He wants to teach him a lesson.
I am already very tired, but I still have a lot of work I need to do.
I was scared by the lightning.
No, I am always using it.
You were also too brave!
I often go to Chongqing to eat sausages.
She bought a woollen pullover to give to him.
She is wearing a pair of white, silk socks.
I want to buy a five kilo bag of rice.
Ask Tom to give us some money.
I think your cat is under the bed.
Don't turn off your computer.
I'm tired, but I still have a lot of work I need to do.
I still have a lot of work I need to do before I can go home.
I still have some things to do before I can leave.
I still have some things I need to do before I can leave.
I still have some things that I need to do before I can leave.
I think doing that would be risky.
I'm sure that you can do that if you try.
I'm sure you can do that if you try.
I want to buy a newspaper to read on the train.
Put a little of brandy in my tea.
Don't throw rocks at my dog.
Please be here by 2:at the latest.
Be careful not to stand too close to the fire.
Tom sure does brag a lot.
You should put aside some money for a rainy day.
Choose any one of these that you like.
Give the money back to Tom.
Would you mind singing that song again?
Take your raincoat in case it rains.
Will you go to Boston next year?
Why didn't you stay in Boston?
Why don't you stay in Boston for a few more days?
Why didn't you get married in Australia?
Why did you send your children to Boston?
Why did you come back from Boston?
Hold on tight!
They are strong.
I like neologisms.
Alex is my friend.
And when he saw that he could not overcome him, he touched the sinew of his thigh, and forthwith it shrank.
It's still immoral.
My cat is black.
And he said to him: Let me go, for it is break of day. He answered: I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.
There's a lot more so help yourself.
That was enough for me.
I've thought of everything.
Tom know her from his school days.
It ran out of memory.
There's a another party tomorrow downtown.
They'll call us.
He's unpredictable.
Tom took a spare pair of trousers.
Tom found himself in a pickle.
And he said: What is thy name? He answered: Jacob.
But he said: Thy name shall not be called Jacob, but Israel; for if thou hast been strong against God, how much more shalt thou prevail against men?
They said something.
They have no bicycle.
They are an atheist.
Kabyles are traditionally a tight community and they don't like traitors. Therefore, the separatists have no future in our region.
Kabyles like fresh figs.
He comes from a Kabyle family.
He was vacationing in Kabylie, Algeria.
He had a beautiful house in Kabylie, Algeria.
He works at a furniture store in Kabylie, Algeria.
She manages a furniture store in Kabylie, Algeria.
Jacob asked him: Tell me by what name art thou called? He answered: Why dost thou ask my name? And he blessed him in the same place.
He's in Kabylie.
He was in Kabylie.
He went to Kabylie.
He never went to Kabylie.
She has never been to Kabylie.
He went missing in Kabylie.
She wanted to be buried in Kabylie, Algeria.
She was arrested in Kabylie, Algeria.
My best friend is from Kabylie.
I have many friends from Kabylie.
All of my friends are Kabyles.
His girlfriend is from Kabylie.
He came to Kabylie from Algiers to attend college.
In Kabylie, we stayed at my mother's.
He wants to leave Kabylie.
I received threats from the separatists.
I have received new threats from the separatists.
I have received new threatening messages from the separatists.
The separatists are sociopaths.
Those separatist shitheads are real sociopaths.
What meal are you making?
We can come to visit you.
This is an automated payphone; you use it by inserting a coin.
It still isn't time to leave work, and everyone wants to escape.
I don't think this sponsor is very suitable.
She is wearing hiking boots.
We want two taxis.
Tomorrow I am going to the bookshop to buy books.
You can speak so many languages!
I am staying in my uncle's house in Tokyo.
She likes rain and snow.
This machine is used to dry clothes.
One mouse ran through the room.
The library keyboard is dirty.
I'm eighty-four years old.
And Jacob called the name of the place Phanuel, saying: I have seen God face to face, and my soul has been saved.
The general principles are given below.
The wife was cycling.
We've won a battle.
I remember the Christmases when I was little.
I see again the nativity scene with the ox and the donkey.
And immediately the sun rose upon him, after he was past Phanuel; but he halted on his foot.
Therefore the children of Israel, unto this day, eat not the sinew, that shrank in Jacob's thigh: because he touched the sinew of his thigh and it shrank.
Yankev keeps kosher.
Tom is much older than his sister.
When will you go to Boston?
When will you go back to Boston?
When will you come back to Boston?
When will you come back from Boston?
If you wish to leave, you may.
You may leave if you want.
You're free to leave anytime you want.
If you wish to leave, you may leave.
What language is spoken in Australia?
What's your impression of Boston?
Don't you think it's strange that Tom isn't here?
Don't you think it's strange Tom isn't here?
Have you ever seen this movie?
How do you know this car is Tom's?
We saved a place for you.
Yankev is against Zionism.
Yankev is anti-Zionist.
Yankev is an anti-Zionist.
I feel so tired but so grateful.
My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there.
Yankev opposes the state of Israel.
It rained all afternoon.
The working class and the employing class have nothing in common.
Leave whenever you want.
I'm here to talk to Tom.
Drink whatever you want.
Tom beat his children.
I passed my French test.
Is Tom a good teacher?
I don't iron my clothes.
Is Tom a good swimmer?
There can be no peace as long as hunger and want are found among millions of working people and the few who make up the employing class have all the good things of life.
Nobody move!
Man, are you OK?
It was hot and crowded on the bus.
Our current house is too crowded, so we've decided to move.
This apple has started to rot.
This apple has started to go bad.
Kabylie is located kilometers east of Algiers.
He lives in a remote village in Kabylie, Algeria.
He came to Algeria.
She didn't speak any Berber at all.
He started a family in Kabylie, Algeria.
Arthur didn't stop talking to Jennifer.
And Jacob lifting up his eyes, saw Esau coming, and with him four hundred men: and he divided the children of Lia and of Rachel, and of the two handmaids.
And he put both the handmaids and their children foremost: and Lia and her children in the second place: and Rachel and Joseph last.
There once was a boy.
It's time to vote.
I've always wanted to use that spell.
I didn't go because I didn't want to.
The sun is beautiful.
And he went forward and bowed down with his face to the ground seven times, until his brother came near.
Your profile picture is beautiful, Tiziri.
Your profile picture is beautiful, Sami.
Is my profile picture beautiful?
I changed my profile picture on Facebook.
Have you guys read my article on Wikipedia?
Have you read my article on Wikipedia?
"Home Alone" is called "I Yiman-inu deg Uxxam" in Berber.
"The Invisible Guest" is called "Inebgi Uffir" in Berber.
"The Invisible Guest" is called "L'Accusé" in French.
"The Invisible Guest" is called "The Invisible Guest" in English.
"The Invisible Guest" is called "Contratiempo" in Spanish.
"The Invisible Guest" is a good movie.
"The Invisible Guest" is my favorite Spanish movie.
"Forgotten" is my favorite South Korean movie.
"Forgotten" is my favorite movie.
"Home Alone" is my favorite movie.
"The Invisible Guest" is my favorite movie.
That Spanish movie is good.
It's a short article.
This is my shortest article on Wikipedia.
This is my longest article on Wikipedia.
It's a long article!
Between these two classes a struggle must go on until the workers of the world organize as a class, take possession of the earth and the machinery of production, and abolish the wage system.
We find that the centering of the management of industries into fewer and fewer hands makes the trades unions unable to cope with the ever-growing power of the employing class.
The trade unions foster a state of affairs which allows one set of workers to be pitted against one another in wage wars.
Moreover, the trade unions aid the employing class to mislead the workers into the belief that the working class have interests in common with their employers.
These conditions can be changed and the interest of the working class upheld only by an organization formed in such a way that all its members in any one industry, or in all industries if necessary, cease work whenever a strike or lockout is on in any department thereof, thus making an injury to one an injury to all.
Instead of the conservative motto, "A fair day's wages for a fair day's work," we must inscribe on our banner the revolutionary watchword, "Abolition of the wage system."
It is the historic mission of the working class to do away with capitalism.
The army of production must be organized, not only for the every-day struggle with capitalists, but also to carry on production when capitalism shall have been overthrown.
By organizing industrially we are forming the structure of the new society within the shell of the old.
The paint was peeling off the wall.
What are your aspirations for the future?
Did you like my profile picture, Tiziri?
Did you like my profile picture, Sami?
Then Esau ran to meet his brother, and embraced him: and clasping him fast about the neck, and kissing him, wept.
This knife isn't sharp.
Isn't this Tom's car?
Sit wherever you want.
Is Tom a good singer?
What did you charge Tom for doing that?
What did you charge to do that?
What do you charge per hour?
What do you charge an hour?
What did you charge?
How far is it from here to the coast?
How should we deal with this matter?
She's painting her house.
How soon did you have to do that?
How soon do you have to do that?
How soon are you planning to do that?
Where's the lid for this pan?
Did you pass the exam?
He will go to trial.
Think before you opine.
Don't wake them up.
And lifting up his eyes, he saw the women and their children, and said: What mean these? And do they belong to thee? He answered: They are the children which God hath given to me, thy servant.
Then the handmaids and their children came near and bowed themselves.
Lia also, with her children, came near and bowed down in like manner; and last of all, Joseph and Rachel bowed down.
And Esau said: What are the droves that I met? He answered: That I might find favour before my lord.
While these drugs cannot actually cure an AIDS patient, they can halt the deterioration of his or her condition.
But he said: I have plenty, my brother, keep what is thine for thyself.
And Jacob said: Do not so I beseech thee, but if I have found favour in thy eyes, receive a little present at my hands: for I have seen thy face, as if I should have seen the countenance of God: be gracious to me.
Take the blessing which I have brought thee, and which God hath given me, who gives all things.
He took it with much ado at his brother's earnest pressing him, and said: Let us go together, and I will accompany thee in thy journey.
Nobody can make an omelette without breaking eggs.
And Jacob said: My lord, thou knowest that I have with me tender children, and sheep, and kine with young: which if I should cause to be overdriven, in one day all the flocks will die.
Now when these things were done, the word of the Lord came to Abram by a vision, saying: Fear not, Abram, I am thy protector, and thy reward exceeding great.
And Abram said: Lord God, what wilt thou give me? I shall go without children: and the son of the steward of my house is this Damascus Eliezer.
And Abram added: But to me thou hast not given seed: and lo my servant born in my house shall be my heir.
And immediately the word of the Lord came to him, saying : He shall not be thy heir: but he that shall come out of thy bowels, him shalt thou have for thy heir.
And he brought him forth abroad, and said to him: Look up to heaven and number the stars if thou canst. And he said to him: So shall thy seed be.
Abram believed God, and it was reputed to him unto justice.
And he said to him: I am the Lord who brought thee out from Ur of the Chaldees, to give thee this land, and that thou mightest possess it.
But he said: Lord God, whereby may I know that I shall possess it?
And the Lord answered, and said: Take me a cow of three years old, and a she-goat of three years. and a ram of three years, a turtle also, and a pigeon.
And he took all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid the two pieces of each one against the other: but the birds he divided not.
And the fowls came down upon the carcasses, and Abram drove them away.
And it was said unto him: Know thou beforehand that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land not their own, and they shall bring them under bondage, and afflict them four hundred years.
But I will judge the nation which they shall serve, and after this they shall come out with great substance.
And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace, and be buried in a good old age.
You're very boring.
Tom walked his dog every morning.
My mother is Canadian.
Is Tom a good dancer?
I'm going to run away.
Tom is very loving.
Who's the girl that Tom is talking to?
Who's the girl Tom is talking to?
Is Tom busy right now?
When will Tom go home?
Did you play hooky yesterday?
Did you skip school yesterday?
We can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
We cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs.
Have you ever gone camping with Tom?
What made Tom so sad?
Have you ever been deep sea fishing?
Where will you be going?
I swam with Tom yesterday.
I've never traveled by plane.
How's Tom's health?
The paint's peeling off the wall.
We're on strike.
We'll travel together this summer.
That isn't my favorite topic.
It's less complicated to tell the truth than to lie.
It's easier just to tell the truth.
How much does that puppy in the window cost?
It was easier than it seemed at first sight.
Paulina has a red cap.
I need to buy some new utensils.
Have you never cleaned your kitchen before?
The food is very good.
She did what had to be done.
When was the last time you cleaned your kitchen?
When was the last time that you cleaned your kitchen?
Buy whatever you want.
Tom skied all day.
I'm usually punctual.
That's Tom's wife.
The weather is somewhat warmer.
Each age has its duties.
Why were you silent?
For every reason that is best.
Always consider before you speak.
Of all my friends, he is the best.
What a language it is!
When shall we go to London?
What did he wish to show you?
Who speaks Esperanto?
Which are the days of the week?
Nowhere did they understand me.
He has nothing at all.
Didn't you see anyone there that you knew?
Good day, sir.
Very well, sir, thank you.
I rejoice to see you in good health.
We shall have a beautiful day.
Who knocks? Who is there?
It is I. Open.
You are right. He is wrong.
They are a programmer.
You are deceiving yourself. That cannot be.
I assure you that it is so.
Everyone usually loves a person similar to themself.
He has just come to Kabylie.
He doesn't want to live in Kabylie.
He's going to Kabylie, Algeria.
I didn't go to Kabylie with him.
I lived in Kabylie, Algeria, for five years.
He worked as a bartender in Kabylie, Algeria.
I was born and raised in Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm not from Kabylie.
He worked in Kabylie, Algeria, for five years.
He speaks very broken Berber.
His Berber is very broken.
I loved working in Kabylie, Algeria.
They have never been to Kabylie.
He owned a restaurant with his wife in Kabylie, Algeria.
His wife is from Kabylie, Algeria.
He started working in Kabylie, Algeria.
The story takes place in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was in his home in Kabylie, Algeria.
We were going to Kabylie, Algeria.
He told me he was going to Kabylie, Algeria.
They don't even know where Kabylie is located.
We're moving to Kabylie, Algeria.
My friends live in Kabylie, Algeria.
My mom never wanted us to move to Kabylie, Algeria.
This church is old.
I was five years old when we moved back to Kabylie, Algeria.
He had to move back to Kabylie.
I am not from Kabylie.
I cannot speak Berber.
I'm not Berber.
Can you speak Berber for us?
I don't speak Berber.
Did you know Yidir is from Kabylie?
He's from Kabylie, Algeria.
He is in Algeria.
She is in Algeria.
They are in Algeria.
He went to Algeria.
She went to Algeria.
They went to Algeria.
My country is Algeria.
You can have as much as you want.
A Bronze Age shipwreck was found in the Mediterranean.
A Bronze Age shipwreck was found in the Mediterranean sea.
That looks so good.
That looks really good.
It was much smaller than I had expected.
It was much larger than I had expected.
It was smaller than I had expected.
It was larger than I had expected.
It was smaller than I had anticipated.
It was larger than I had anticipated.
Bigger portions contain more calories.
Portion sizes have increased in the United States during the past years.
Avoid oversized portions.
Consume smaller portions of foods and beverages.
The size of meals has increased over the past years.
The size of meals has increased over the past years.
Tom ate at an "all you can eat" restaurant.
Tom and Mary ate at an "all you can eat" restaurant.
We tend to eat more when more food is available.
People tend to eat more when more food is available.
Canada's Arctic is the warmest it has been in 10,years.
Tom fired his agent.
Mary fired her agent.
This city was built on reclaimed land.
This part of the city was built on reclaimed land.
Tom's dream is no longer just a dream.
The dream is no longer just a dream.
Tom's dream became reality.
Astronomers have unveiled the first picture of a black hole.
Scientists have unveiled the first picture of a black hole.
Tom recently lost his job.
The CEO surrounds himself with yes-men.
Tom surrounds himself with yes-men.
You missed the point entirely.
Tom missed the point entirely.
He filled the vase with water.
Tom likes purple.
Tom works for an international organization.
This city is growing quickly.
Tom filled the Mason jar with beans.
It was the worst pain I had ever experienced.
It was the worst pain Tom had ever experienced.
It was the worst pain Mary had ever experienced.
Tom has been behaving rather strangely.
Tom has been behaving rather strangely lately.
He's been behaving rather strangely lately.
Mary has been behaving rather strangely lately.
Mary has been behaving rather strangely.
Tom was sitting alone in the cafeteria.
Mary was sitting alone in the cafeteria.
Maybe Tom likes someone else.
Maybe Mary likes someone else.
Maybe he likes someone else.
Maybe she likes someone else.
He's not Kabyle.
Tom moved his chair a little closer.
Tom moved his chair a little closer to Mary.
Maybe I'm not good enough for her.
Maybe I'm not good enough for him.
Tom did not agree immediately.
Mary did not agree immediately.
Tom went to a music festival.
Tom went to the music festival.
Tom and Mary went to the music festival.
Mary suffered in silence.
You're an amazing person.
Tom had only seen people do that in movies.
I've only seen people do that in movies.
What was the universe like before the Big Bang?
"Why did the tomato blush?" "Because it saw the salad dressing."
I can't thank my mom enough for what she did.
I can't thank my mother enough for what she did.
Tom moved his chair a little closer to Mary's.
The airport is far away from the city.
The airport is far away from the city centre.
This building was built on reclaimed land.
The airport was built on reclaimed land.
Tom shouted over the music.
Tom shouted over the loud music.
Tom is a famous Hollywood actor.
Mary is a famous Hollywood actress.
Tom is a famous Bollywood actor.
Tom dropped his ice cream cone.
Tom dropped his ice cream cone in the sand.
Tom dropped his ice cream cone on the ground.
I can't thank my mother enough for what she did for me.
I can't thank you enough for what you did.
I can't thank Tom enough for what he did for me.
Bargaining is normal in this country.
Tom and Mary started talking like old friends.
Tom and Mary started chatting like old friends.
Tom bought some vegetables at the market.
You need to start thinking in the long-term.
Short-term thinking can create long-term problems.
He barely knew her.
Tom used a dating app.
Remove the bike from the sidewalk!
Mary threw her head back and laughed.
Mary is an attractive young woman.
Tom is an attractive young man.
Tom looks like a celebrity.
Mary looks like a celebrity.
How can I remove that?
My parents like him.
My parents like her.
Scientists believe that there were equal amounts of matter and antimatter in the early universe.
It was kind of awkward.
Tom's dream became a reality.
I will remove the ceiling.
Mary is sweet and caring.
He continued speaking in Berber.
He didn't know Berber.
He can't sing in Berber.
What time is it right now?
My parents are not from Kabylie.
My mother is from Kabylie.
Ask him to speak Berber for you.
He's from Kabylie.
He's going to move back to Kabylie, Algeria.
Tom has dark wavy hair.
Tom wanted the kiss to last forever.
Mary wanted the kiss to last forever.
They're moving to Kabylie, Algeria.
They're moving back to Kabylie, Algeria.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on both cheeks.
He's actually from Kabyle, Algeria.
Back then, I lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
She went to Kabylie, Algeria.
He went to the hospital in Kabylie, Algeria.
I was traveling to my beach house in Beni Ksila, Kabylie, Algeria.
He has a beautiful beach house in Kabylie, Algeria.
Everyone started talking in Berber and I didn't understand a word.
He went to a private school in Kabylie, Algeria.
She returned to Algeria.
We went to the same school in Kabylie, Algeria.
He's a Berber teacher.
We liked our Berber teacher.
Our Berber teacher was very strict.
They returned to Algeria.
He returned from Algeria.
She returned from Algeria.
They returned from Algeria.
When did you return to Algeria?
Matoub Lounes died for Algeria.
When did you go to Algeria?
He was attacked by a gang. They beat him and took away his wallet.
Why do you love Algeria?
Why does he love Algeria?
Why does she love Algeria?
Why do you guys love Algeria?
Why do they love Algeria?
The slave was finally given his freedom.
Tom granted freedom to one of his slaves.
Tom emancipated one of his slaves.
When did you come to Algeria?
This is my free interpretation of the contents of the letter.
Tom freed one of his slaves.
Algeria is your country.
What would you do if the world was going to end tomorrow?
My grandfather loves to reminisce about his youth.
Why does Yidir love Algeria?
Why does Taninna love Algeria?
The sins of youth beget the infirmities of age.
In his youth, Tom was a real heartbreaker.
Eventually, the whole family came together.
Tom is an average guy.
I need to put the pan on a hot pad or I'll burn the table.
Mary is a normal girl.
Mary is an average girl.
Tom is an ordinary guy.
Mary is an ordinary girl.
Mary is average-looking.
Mary is good-looking.
Are you two an item?
Are you two seeing each other?
Are you two still seeing each other?
How many eggs are there in a standard egg carton?
Moss grows in damp, dark places.
We've been seeing each other for a few months now.
Moss does not always grow on the north side of trees.
Is that why you've been acting so weird lately?
Let moss cover my grave.
Protons have a positive electric charge.
This is how I like it.
Passengers have to put their seatbelts on, too.
Passengers also have to put their seatbelts on.
We're living in the New Age of Fascism.
Why did you go to Algeria?
Do you know this young lady?
Do you know this young man?
The city is beautiful at night.
The city is beautiful at night, but rather ugly during the day.
Tom is rather tall.
I saw Tom last night, or rather very early this morning.
I'd rather forget.
Why have you changed your mind?
I'd rather not have this discussion in front of him.
That didn't stop Tom from trying.
The age of chivalry is the favourite epoch of the romantics.
Tom's joke was rather tasteless.
The bread I bought at the supermarket is rather tasteless.
Few tourists come here.
Many tourists come here.
He was struck by her eyes.
Tom was struck by Mary's eyes.
She was struck by his eyes.
Mary was struck by Tom's eyes.
He was struck by her unusual beauty.
Tom was struck dumb by her beauty.
Tom was struck dumb by Mary's beauty.
Tom was reluctant to see a doctor.
Men are often reluctant to see a doctor.
You should already know this.
This garden is beautiful.
Tom's garden is beautiful.
A coconut fell on Tom's head.
An apple fell on Newton's head.
An apple fell on Tom's head.
Tom was sitting below an apple tree.
Tom was sitting below a peach tree.
Tom tried kitesurfing.
Never keep food in your tent.
Archaeologists have found an ancient tomb in Egypt.
Mary got top grades in all her classes.
Tom got top grades in all his classes.
A peach fell on Newton's head.
We shared the profit equally.
Why did he go to Algeria?
Why did you guys go to Algeria?
Why did they go to Algeria?
What's the most trouble you've ever gotten into?
Can we really afford to buy all this?
Do you know that boy standing over there?
When did Tom come here?
Will Tom come to Boston with you?
What's the name of the disease that Tom died of?
What were you doing, Tom?
Did Tom come with Mary?
What's Tom's hobby?
Does Tom have many books?
Who does Tom look like?
Where's Tom doing that now?
Does Tom do any sports?
Does Tom always go there alone?
Have you ever seen Tom do something like that?
Have you ever eaten anything Tom's cooked?
Have you ever eaten anything that Tom's cooked?
Have you ever seen Tom play tennis?
Have you ever been swimming at night?
Have you tried doing that the way I suggested?
Can you lift this box?
Do you sell newspapers here?
I think that you should stop smoking.
Where are the eggs?
I have brothers.
Is Tom's story true?
Do I have to go there right away?
Is there anybody here who can help me?
Is there anyone here who can help me?
Is this where Tom works?
Berber is an official language.
Berber is an official language, too.
He doesn't know anything about Kabylie.
Kabylie is so beautiful.
He answered in Berber.
My mother doesn't like me watching TV.
What're you doing here so late at night?
What's the difference between this one and that one?
The separatists are pathetic liars.
The separatists are spreading hatred everywhere.
Go to Kabylie this holiday season. It's going to be lovely.
He inherited his father's business back in Kabylie, Algeria.
The separatists are very insignificant on the Algerian political scene.
The separatists want to set up a banana republic online.
The separatist discourse is filled with racism and hatred.
I'm holding up.
My name is Stephen.
I am Dominican.
The separatists claim that they are not Algerian.
Because the separatists claim that they are not Algerian, they are kicked out of any political marches and rallies organized for change in Algeria.
Separatist activists are being kicked out of almost any march or protest organized for change in Algeria.
While the Algerian and Berber flags represent symbols of unity in the Algerian protests, the separatist flag represents a symbol of racist hatred and division. That's why separatists are being kicked out of marches organized for change in Algeria.
The Algerian flag unites all Algerians. The Berber flag represents Berber or North African unity. The separatist flag represents racist hatred and division.
He didn't live in Kabylie.
He never lived in Kabylie.
He never visited Kabylie.
I have never been to Kabylie.
It is a town of people that is located in the Province of Savona.
The separatists never took part in the Black Spring events of Kabylie.
The separatists have always been a marginal group in Kabylie.
The separatists have always been a marginal group in Kabyle politics.
The separatists want to spread hatred and division.
These separatists are as radical and dangerous as the Islamist groups that support terrorism.
The separatists have become enemies of Berber unity.
The separatists are openly racist and Islamophobic.
The separatists are openly anti-Berber, racist and Islamophobic.
No one wants racist separatists in Kabylie.
No one wants radical racist separatists in Algeria.
Kabylie is and will always be Algerian.
Kabylie is and will always remain Algerian.
Kabylie is and will always be part of Algeria.
Kabylie is and will always remain part of Algeria.
Kabyles are and will always be Algerian.
Kabyles are and will always remain Algerian.
Millions of Kabyles are currently taking part in the huge protests organized to demand change in Algeria. The separatists are completely marginalized by these protests.
The flag of Kabylie is the flag of Algeria.
The flag of Kabylie is the Algerian flag.
Thousands of Kabyles died for the liberation of Algeria and we don't need separatist traitors to destroy the unity of our country.
The separatists are destroying everything the Berber Cultural Movement has built.
I will eat an apple.
Kabylie has few natural resources.
Kabylie has little natural resources.
Kabylie is very similar to Sicily.
Kabylie, a region in northeastern Algeria, is very similar to southern Italy.
Kabylie, a Berber-speaking region in northern Algeria, is similar to southern France.
Kabylie, a region in northeastern Algeria, has no oil.
He spends his money in Kabylie.
Kabylie attracts thousands of tourists each year.
With the current protests that have united all Algerians to demand change in their country, the racist separatist movement isn't going through the best of times.
There are many beautiful gardens inside the Alhambra.
The separatist movement is doomed to disappear.
The separatists hate everyone and everyone hates them. It's as simple as that.
By the end of the 17th century, the Alhambra gardens had become almost totally neglected.
Kabylie is so tiny that you almost can't see it on a world map.
Kabylie is known for its olive oil.
Kabyles are Sunni Muslim.
Kabyles speak Berber and they are Sunni Muslim.
Things are changing in Algeria.
The separatist group is deeply unpopular in Kabylie.
We're not afraid of this bunch of racist separatists.
He decided to leave Kabylie.
Yennayer is now officially celebrated in all of Algeria.
Berber is now an official language.
Separatism is widely rejected in Kabylie.
Olive oil production has significantly declined in Kabylie.
It's started snowing again.
The separatists don't know shit about economy.
It's only a matter of time before the separatist movement completely disappears from the Algerian political scene
Kabylie is like a small Switzerland within Algeria.
Kabylie has no official flag and it's part of Algeria.
Things are beginning to change in Algeria.
The separatist movement is widely unpopular including among Kabyle immigrant communities in France and Canada.
Kabylie is a beautiful region located in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie, a region in northeastern Algeria, has a very dense population.
Algeria is going through times of uncertainty.
Algerians are tired of violence and a radical ultraracist separatist movement is the last thing they need.
Algeria is changing at full speed.
The separatists want to set up armed militia so that we, Algerians, would be killing each other. That's what the Islamist terrorists tried to do in the early 90's but failed.
I can smell the desperation of the fascist racist separatist movement from miles away.
The separatists are no different from the racist Algerian politician Naima Salhi.
The population of Kabylie is one of the best educated in all of Algeria.
Kabylie is one of the best places in Algeria for investing in tourism.
Berber is an Afroasiatic language spoken in North Africa.
I want to learn more about Kabylie.
I want to visit Kabylie this summer.
We have declared a total war on the separatists.
We can't continue to allow the separatists to insult Kabylie and Algeria.
We can't continue to allow the separatists to spread their ridiculous lies about the history of Kabylie and Algeria in general.
We can't continue to allow the separatists to insult the Berber language.
The separatist group is widely isolated in Algerian politics.
The separatist movement has no future in Kabylie.
The separatist movement will disappear and Algeria will remain united.
The separatist movement has no role whatsoever in Algerian politics.
Mary got all dressed up for the party.
Tom earned money by delivering newspapers.
Tom earned money by mowing lawns.
Tom earned money by working at the local supermarket.
Tom invested his money in the stock market.
Tom invested his money in the stock market and became rich.
Tom invested his money in the stock market and lost everything.
Mary is a very kind woman.
Tom is a very kind man.
This old woman is very kind.
The world is confusing.
Dating can be confusing.
Love is confusing.
Dating is confusing.
Girls are confusing.
Girls are complicated.
Why do guys say that about girls?
He's not interested in me that way.
Tom is not interested in me that way.
Mary acted like she was not interested in Tom.
Mary acted like she was not interested.
Tom acted like he was not interested.
Tom acted like he was not interested in Mary at all.
Tom had an argument with his sister.
Tom had an argument with his brother.
Mary had an argument with her sister.
Mary had an argument with her brother.
You're fooling yourself; that can't be true.
I can't eat this crud!
We've spent around a half-hour to prepare.
Winter has returned to the capital city region.
Birds and mammals store up food for the winter.
Squirrels store up food for the winter.
I really like this word.
He's eating an ice cream.
I'm eating an ice cream.
We are looking for work.
We are looking for a job.
I have a new phone.
That's a bad symptom.
That's a frightening symptom.
Anybody would do the same in my place.
I'm not familiar with Berber pronunciations.
Prior to the French occupation, there were several tribal confederations in Kabylie.
Naima Salhi attacked the Berber language on many occasions.
The separatists are now attacking the Berber language.
He purchased a small farm in Kabylie, Algeria.
I have been to Kabylie, Algeria.
Algeria is changing.
You can learn Berber on this website.
He managed to learn Berber in just two months.
He inherited his father's farm in Kabylie, Algeria.
Everyone knows the separatists for their aggressiveness.
Everyone knows the separatists for their rabid racism and Islamophobia.
Tom does oil pulling every morning before brushing his teeth.
His new hobby is learning Berber.
Today is the third of October.
Today is October the third.
He never lost his strong Kabyle accent.
He lives in a remote Kabyle village in Algeria.
He dropped his Berber name and took on an Arab name, naively thinking that this would make him a better Muslim.
The separatist flag needs to be removed from here.
The separatists never took part in the Black Spring events that shook Kabylie in 2001-2002.
The separatists were never a part of the "Arouch" movement that united all of Kabylie during the Black Spring events that shook Kabylie in 2001-2002.
The Movement for the Autonomy of Kabylie, the former name of today's fascist separatist movement, never was a part of the "Arouch" movement that united all of Kabylie during the Black Spring protests of 2001-2002.
The separatists are so suspicious of any person who opposes their movement that they are now paranoid of one another.
The fascist racist separatist movement will soon crumble.
The separatists are traitors to the Berber Cultural Movement.
Kabylie gave birth to many renowned Algerian intellectuals including Mouloud Mammeri, Mouloud Feraoun and Mohamed Arkoun.
His family owns a small estate in Kabylie, Algeria.
His wife was Kabyle.
His father died and left him everything back in Kabylie, Algeria.
Matoub Lounes died for Algeria, not for the separatist cause.
Matoub Lounes was Algerian.
Matoub Lounes never betrayed the Berber language cause.
The separatists are as foul-mouthed as prostitutes.
The separatist movement will never divide Algeria.
The fascist racist separatist movement will never divide Algeria.
The days of the separatist group are counted.
Kabylie is beautiful.
Kabylie is a beautiful region situated in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a beautiful region situated in northern Algerian.
Kabylie is a very beautiful region located in northern Algeria.
My inlaws are Kabyle.
He taught me Berber.
My knowledge of Berber is next to nothing.
I find Berber very hard to learn.
Berber conjugation reminds of of Latin.
Berber conjugation is insanely difficult.
I need to practice my Berber.
Kabylie is the most beautiful region in Algeria.
He lives in a beautiful region of Algeria called Kabylie.
Many separatists are foul-mouthed.
Many separatists talk like foul-mouthed prostitutes.
The separatists are now questioning the existence of the Berber language.
The separatists are as foul-mouthed as cheap prostitutes.
The only spoke Berber.
He was raised in Kabylie, Algeria.
When I lived in Kabylie, I'd take long walks every day.
There is a trace on the table.
If my parents learn about this, I've had it.
Can you confirm that it is a correctable error?
The solar system is a small celestial system in the Milky Way.
That is not important to me.
Because American dramas are very bloody, he doesn't like watching them.
Where are we eating breakfast?
Sir and Miss, what type of jewellery are you looking to buy?
Humans cannot survive on Mars.
He cut the cake into seven pieces.
I don't have any Japanese friends.
Philosophy is not a written subject, but a way of life.
That dog is only blind in one eye.
I am asking you if I could have some of that sweet sauce.
Tom and Mary ended years of marriage.
Arguing with the separatists is like arguing with a cheap prostitute on the street.
If you argue with separatists, the would shower you with insults like a cheap prostitutes usually do to someone who dares argue with them.
The separatists hate everyone.
Ahmed Ouyahia resigned from being prime minister.
He never had time to learn Berber.
Berber is now official.
Smoke streamed from the chimney.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect spoken in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect spoken in the mountainous region of Kabylie, in northeastern Algeria.
I didn't know Tom was younger than you.
My mother-in-law never smiles.
I didn't know that Tom was younger than you.
I didn't know Tom was younger than you were.
Tom almost never smiles.
Go wherever you want.
That's Tom's room.
I was deeply moved.
That's Tom's hat.
The window is busted out.
I can't remember the last time I saw Tom smile.
I can't remember the last time that I saw Tom smile.
Stop taking yourself so seriously.
What'll the weather be like tomorrow?
I wonder what’s the weather forecast for tomorrow.
Is there something you would like to ask me?
What makes you think I don't want?
Have you ever studied quantum physics before?
What is quantum physics?
Please, do not insist!
Why can't I remember anything?
Do you really have to do it?
Do you really have to do it now?
Why are you two arguing?
I am versatile in sports, I play tennis and ping pong but also football and volleyball.
What'll you be doing at this time tomorrow?
She's a programmer.
He's a programmer.
Mary is a programmer.
He or she is a programmer.
That person is a programmer.
Now, where was I?
Where does this road go to?
Where's Tom running now?
Where's Tom's family?
Where did Tom buy that sweater?
Could you explain this to me?
Tom is used to hard work, isn't he?
Did you see any planes today?
Tom brought Mary a present.
Do you know that girl's name?
I don't plan to follow Tom's advice.
Doing that is considered a sin.
Kabylie could be labled the Switzerland of Algeria.
Kabyles are Sunni Muslims.
Where did Tom buy that jumper?
Why are we talking about Kabylie?
We're talking about Kabylie.
Kabylie is one of the most beautiful regions in our country.
Algeria should have a diversified economy.
Algeria, an oil-dependent country, should absolutely have a diversified economy.
Algeria needs to modernize its economy.
New hotels are being built in Kabylie, Algeria.
Kabylie will attract thousands of tourists in the future.
He went to Kabylie and brought his sister back home in Algiers.
What is going on in Algeria?
Kabylie could be considered the Switzerland of Algeria.
Kabylie could become the Switzerland of Algeria.
The Black Decade destroyed the Algerian economy.
The separatist group has really been hit by the massive and peaceful marches organized in Kabylie to demand radical change in Algeria.
If Algeria doesn't diversify its economy, it might suffer a brutal economic crisis.
Algeria is the largest country in Africa.
Algeria is rich in natural resources.
Lounis Ait Menguellet is a well-known Algerian singer.
Kabylie has a relatively well educated population compared to the rest of Algeria.
Algeria belongs to OPEC.
Algeria is a member of OPEC.
Algeria is an oil-producing country.
Algeria still has lots of oil.
Algeria still has lots of dinosaur juice.
Sonatrach is the Algerian state-owned oil company.
The Algerian constitution acknowledges Berber as an official language.
Berber is acknowledged as an official language in the Algerian constitution.
The Algerian constitution acknowledges Berber as an official language alongside Arabic.
Berber is acknowledged as an official language alongside Arabic in the Algerian constitution.
Since 2016, Berber is acknowledged as an official language in the Algerian constitution.
Millions of Algerians went on massive demonstrations, including in Kabylie, to demand radical change in Algeria.
Mouloud Mammeri is considered the father of the Berber language.
The separatist group is a dangerous element of subversion that's spreading messages of hatred and despair among Algerians in generals and Kabyles in particular.
Something has begun to change in Algeria.
Something has begun to truly change in Algeria.
Something has begun to really change in Algeria.
Can Algeria really go bankrupt? It's very unlikely.
We want to know what is going on in Algeria.
"Have you ever heard of a region called Kabylie?" "No." "It's located in Algeria."
Tom asked me to hoover the room.
Do Kabyles really need to be scared of the separatist group?
Algerian money is losing value.
The Algerian dinar is Algeria's currency.
We're tired of separatist propaganda.
We're tired of separatist threats.
We're tired of separatist intimidation.
We're tired of separatist lies.
One death is a tragedy. A million deaths is a statistic.
I have always wanted to speak Berber.
I have always wanted to teach Berber.
I have always wanted to learn Berber.
Algeria is one of the largest oil-producers in Africa.
Algeria has a nuclear power plant.
Algeria doesn't have diplomatic relations with Israel.
Algeria has enormous oil and gas fields.
Kabylie is a small region located in northeastern Algeria.
Algeria has massive quantities of shale oil that could be extracted through fracking.
Algeria has a strong foreign policy.
Algeria produces massive quantities of natural gas.
Algeria exports massive quantities of natural gas.
Algeria has been very critical of Israel as a consequence of the situation in Palestine, particularly in Gaza and Jerusalem.
Algeria has massive amounts of natural gas.
May it please my lord to go before his servant: and I will follow softly after him, as I shall see my children to be able, until I come to my lord in Seir.
Algeria has a population of million inhabitants.
I have traveled to Kabylie, Algeria.
She asked me permission.
Algeria has oil.
Algeria has gas and oil.
Algeria has lots of dinosaur juice.
Algeria depends so much on oil.
Algeria is one of those countries that depend so much on dinosaur juice.
Sonatrach is Algeria's state-owned oil company.
Algeria is still a socialist country.
The Algerian government still controls a good share of the economy.
Does Algeria have a sovereign wealth fund?
She likes these cats a lot.
Algeria is divided into districts; locally, each district is known by the Arabic name "wilaya", often translated as "province."
That's considered a sin.
I do not believe that the hornet returns the stolen honey to the bees.
Kabylie is in the heart of Algeria and can never be separated from it.
Kabyles are everywhere in Algeria and no one has the right to seek to separate Kabylie from the rest of the country.
Anyone who calls for the division of Algeria is a traitor to our independence war.
Algeria is currently building a new port in Hamdania, some fifty kilometers west of Algiers.
The separatists claim that they are not Berber and their language isn't Berber.
The separatists claim that their language isn't called Berber.
Algeria produces oil and gas.
Algeria's oil and gas resources are strategic.
Don't defend the separatists. They can take care of themselves. In fact, they are similar to a bunch of cheap prostitutes that would shower you with insults no matter how nice and diplomatic you try to talk to them.
Is Algeria ready for extracting its shale oil?
Esau answered: I beseech thee, that some of the people, at least, who are with me, may stay to accompany thee in the way. And he said: There is no necessity. I want nothing else but only to find favour, my lord, in thy sight.
The Algerian economy isn't performing well.
Algeria has a huge army.
Algeria manufactures arms.
Algeria manufactures military vehicles.
Algeria plays an important role in North Africa.
Algeria imports lots of arms from Russia.
Algeria has the strongest army in the Maghreb region.
Chinese men are real rogues but that's how it is, can't help it.
You will have to engage a lawyer.
What is the name of this tea?
We have not seen each other in a long time.
What do you know about Kabylie?
Kabylie is a very interesting region located in northeastern Algeria.
There's a lot of things that you might not know about Kabylie.
If you don't have the money, don't try to bargain with me.
So Esau returned that day, the way that he came, to Seir.
He won't sell at that price.
Algerians don't have a desire to return to the dark decade of the 1990's.
Algeria has good diplomatic relations with Canada.
I'm well, thank you.
Algeria has oil and gas.
And Jacob came to Socoth: where having built a house, and pitched tents, he called the name of the place Socoth, that is, Tents.
Ethnic tensions is the last thing Algeria in general and Kabylie in particular need.
Algeria's physical environment is quite diverse.
Kabylie's physical geography is relatively homogenious.
Kabylie is home to the third highest mountain in Algeria.
Algeria is a major geopolitical player in North Africa.
Algeria is a major geopolitical player in the Mediterranean region.
The vast majority of Kabyle people are Muslim.
Water is in short supply in many regions in Algeria.
Kabylie is the densest populated rural area in Algeria.
And he passed over to Salem, a city of the Sichemites, which is in the land of Canaan, after he returned from Mesopotamia of Syria: and he dwelt by the town.
And he bought that part of the field, in which he pitched his tents, of the children of Hemor, the father of Sichem, for a hundred lambs.
Algeria could become an energy hub in the near future.
And raising an altar there, he invoked upon it the most mighty God of Israel.
And Dina the daughter of Lia went out to see the women of that country.
And when Sichem the son of Hemor the Hevite, the prince of that land, saw her, he was in love with her: and took her away, and lay with her, ravishing the virgin.
But in the fourth generation they shall return hither: for as yet the iniquities of the Amorrhites are not at the full until this present time.
And when the sun was set, there arose a dark mist, and there appeared a smoking furnace, and a lamp of fire passing between those divisions.
Now Sarai, the wife of Abram, had brought forth no children: but having a handmaid, an Egyptian, named Agar, she said to her husband: Behold, the Lord hath restrained me from bearing: go in unto my handmaid, it may be I may have children of her at least.
And when he agreed to her request, she took Agar the Egyptian her handmaid, ten years after they first dwelt in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband to wife.
And he went in to her. But she perceiving that she was with child, despised her mistress.
Kabylie, Algeria, is a very nice region to visit.
And Sarai said to Abram: Thou dost unjustly with me: I gave my handmaid into thy bosom, and she perceiving herself to be with child, despiseth me. The Lord judge between me and thee.
And Abram made answer, and said to her: Behold thy handmaid is in thy own hand, use her as it pleaseth thee. And when Sarai afflicted her, she ran away.
And the angel of the Lord having found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, which is in the way to Sur in the desert, he said to her: Agar, handmaid of Sarai, whence comest thou? and whither goest thou?
And she answered: I flee from the face of Sarai, my mistress.
And the angel of the Lord said to her: Return to thy mistress, and humble thyself under her hand.
And again he said: I will multiply thy seed exceedingly, and it shall not be numbered for multitude.
And again: Behold, said he, thou art with child, and thou shalt bring forth a son: and thou shalt call his name Ismael, because the Lord hath heard thy affliction.
He shall be a wild man: his hand will be against all men, and all men's hands against him: and he shall pitch his tents over against all his brethren.
And she called the name of the Lord that spoke unto her: Thou the God who hast seen me. For she said: Verily, here have I seen the hinder parts of him that seeth me.
And Agar brought forth a son to Abram: who called his name Ismael.
Abram was four score and six years old when Agar brought him forth Ismael.
And after he began to be ninety and nine years old, the Lord appeared to him: and said unto him: I am the Almighty God: walk before me, and be perfect.
And I will make my covenant between me and thee: and I will multiply thee exceedingly.
Abram fell flat on his face. And God said to him: I am, and my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a father of many nations. Neither shall thy name be called any more Abram: but thou shalt be called Abraham: because I have made thee a father of many nations.
And I will make thee increase exceedingly, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee.
And I will establish my covenant between me and thee, and between thy seed after thee in their generations, by a perpetual covenant: to be a God to thee, and to thy seed after thee.
An I will give to thee, and to thy seed, the land of thy sojournment, all the land of Canaan, for a perpetual possession, and I will be their God.
Again God said to Abraham: And thou therefore shalt keep my covenant, and thy seed after thee in their generations.
This is my covenant which you shall observe between me and you, and thy seed after thee: All the male-kind of you shall be circumcised. And you shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin, that it may be for a sign of the covenant between me and you.
An infant of eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every manchild in your generations: he that is born in the house, as well as the bought servant, shall be circumcised, and whosoever is not of your stock.
The male whose flesh of his foreskin shall not be circumcised, that soul shall be destroyed out of his people: because he hath broken my covenant.
He that is born in the house, as well as the bought servant, shall be circumcised, and my covenant shall be in your flesh for a perpetual covenant.
God said also to Abraham: Sarai thy wife thou shalt not call Sarai, but Sara.
And I will bless her, and of her I will give thee a son, whom I will bless, and he shall become nations, and kings of people shall spring from him.
Abraham fell upon his face, and lauĝed, saying in his heart: Shall a son, thinkest thou, be born to him that is a hundred years old? and shall Sara that is ninety years old bring forth?
And he said to God: O that Ismael may live before thee.
And God said to Abraham: Sara thy wife shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name Isaac, and I will establish my covenant with him for a perpetual covenant, and with his seed after him.
And as for Ismael I have also heard thee. Behold, I will bless him, and increase, and multiply him exceedingly: he shall beget twelve chiefs, and I will make him a great nation.
But my covenant I will establish with Isaac, whom Sara shall bring forth to thee at this time in the next year.
And when he had left off speaking with him, God went up from Abraham.
And Abraham took Ismael his son, and all that were born in his house: and all whom he had bought, every male among the men of his house: and he circumcised the flesh of their foreskin forthwith the very same day, as God had commanded him.
Abraham was ninety and nine years old, when he circumcised the flesh of his foreskin, and Ismael his son was full thirteen years old at the time of his circumcision. .
The self-same day was Abraham circumcised and Ismael his son. And all the men of his house, as well they that were born in his house, as the bought servants and strangers, were circumcised with him.
My Tuesdays are stuffed with classes.
And the Lord appeared to him in the vale of Mambre as he was sitting at the door of his tent, in the very heat of the day.
And when he had lifted up his eyes, there appeared to him three men standing near to him: and as soon as he saw them, he ran to meet them from the door of his tent, and adored down to the ground.
And he said: Lord, if I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away from thy servant.
But I will fetch a little water, and wash ye your feet, and rest ye under the tree.
And I will set a morsel of bread, and strengthen ye your heart, afterwards you shall pass on: for therefore are you come aside to your servant.
And they said: Do as thou hast spoken.
Abraham made haste into the tent to Sara, and said to her: Make haste, temper together three measures of flour, and make cakes upon the hearth.
And he himself ran to the herd, and took from thence a calf, very tender and very good, and gave it to a young man, who made haste and boiled it.
He took also butter and milk, and the calf which he had boiled, and set before them: but he stood by them under the tree.
And when they had eaten, they said to him: Where is Sara thy wife? He answered: Lo she is in the tent.
And he said to him: I will return and come to thee at this time, life accompanying, and Sara, thy wife, shall have a son. Which when Sara heard, she laughed behind the door of the tent.
Now they were both old, and far advanced in years, and it had ceased to be with Sara after the manner of women.
And she laughed secretly, saying: After I am grown old, and my lord is an old man, shall I give myself to pleasure?
And the Lord said to Abraham: Why did Sara laugh, saying: Shall I, who am an old woman, bear a child indeed?
Is there any thing hard to God? According to appointment I will return to thee at this same time, life accompanying, and Sara shall have a son.
Sara denied, saying: I did not laugh: for she was afraid. But the Lord said: Nay; but thou didst laugh.
And when the men rose up from thence, they turned their eyes towards Sodom: and Abraham walked with them, bringing them on the way.
And the Lord said: Can I hide from Abraham what I am about to do, seeing he shall become a great and mighty nation, and in him all the nations of the earth shall be blessed?
For I know that he will command his children, and his household after him, to keep the way of the Lord, and do judgment and justice: that for Abraham's sake, the Lord may bring to effect all the things he hath spoken unto him.
And the Lord said: The cry of Sodom and Gomorrha is multiplied, and their sin is become exceedingly grievous.
Tom sends money home to his family every month.
What does God want to talk to me about?
Mary knitted a shawl.
Tom slipped out of bed.
Lobbying is the little brother of corruption.
Why are you silent?
Where's the blanket?
Does she have a girlfriend?
Where's the Australian embassy?
Where's the nearest store?
Tom finished eating.
Fill the bucket up with sand.
I didn't send any pictures to Tom.
I hired Tom to weed our garden.
How can we protect ourselves?
Why did Tom need a screwdriver?
How many days were you there?
I've never seen him in such a state.
I will go down and see whether they have done according to the cry that is come to me; or whether it be not so, that I may know.
I've never seen them like that.
And they turned themselves from thence, and went their way to Sodom: but Abraham as yet stood before the Lord.
And drawing nigh, he said: Wilt thou destroy the just with the wicked?
If there be fifty just men in the city, shall they perish withal? and wilt thou not spare that place for the sake of the fifty just, if they be therein?
Far be it from thee to do this thing, and to slay the just with the wicked, and for the just to be in like case as the wicked; this is not beseeming thee: thou who judgest all the earth, wilt not make this judgment.
And the Lord said to him: If I find in Sodom fifty just within the city, I will spare the whole place for their sake.
And Abraham answered, and said: Seeing I have once begun, I will speak to my Lord, whereas I am dust and ashes.
What if there be five less than fifty just persons? wilt thou for five and forty destroy the whole city: And he said: I will not destroy it, if I find five and forty.
And again he said to him: But if forty be found there, what wilt thou do? He said: I will not destroy it for the sake of forty.
Lord, saith he, be not angry, I beseech thee, if I speak: What if thirty shall be found there? He answered: I will not do it, if I find thirty there.
Seeing, saith he, I have once begun, I will speak to my Lord: What if twenty be found there? He said: I will not destroy it for the sake of twenty.
I beseech thee, saith he, be not angry, Lord, if I speak yet once more: What if ten shall be found there? And he said: I will not destroy it for the sake of ten.
And the Lord departed, after he had left speaking to Abraham: and Abraham returned to his place.
And his soul was fast knit unto her; and whereas she was sad, he comforted her with sweet words.
And going to Hemor his father, he said: Get me this damsel to wife.
But when Jacob had heard this, his sons being absent, and employed in feeding the cattle, he held his peace till they came back.
Tom went back to bed as if nothing had happened.
You surely couldn't imagine this, but believe me: Tatoeba is a very riveting sport.
I must admit the new president is surprising me.
Are they coming from their house?
The flying machine flew into a mountain.
You can read a magazine in your free time.
A characteristic of the modern crime novel is that the detective has a private life.
Hi, Tom. Good morning!
Don't worry too much.
Iron sharpens iron.
I know that that was their duty.
You don't speak Spanish, right?
Each train I board is better than the one before it.
I'm ashamed to have done it.
I'm ashamed that I did it.
And when Hemor the father of Sichem was come out to speak to Jacob, behold his sons came from the field: and hearing what had passed, they were exceeding angry, because he had done a foul thing in Israel, and committed an unlawful act, in ravishing Jacob's daughter.
I don't know what's going on there.
I don't know what's happening there.
I enjoy solitude.
I'd like to meet them some day.
I'm so beautiful.
And Hemor spoke to them: The soul of my son Sichem has a longing for your daughter: give her him to wife: and let us contract marriages one with another: give us your daughters, and take you our daughters.
We're relatives.
Are you a nudist?
And dwell with us: the land is at your command, till, trade, and possess it.
Sichem also said to her father and to her brethren: Let me find favour in your sight, and whatsoever you shall appoint I will give:
It's reasonable that you feel that way at first.
This short play is solely made up of short scenes.
Look at the books that I bought!
Do you really believe that hoax?
Be quiet everyone!
I'm not going to shower today because it's cold.
I live in a wooden house.
You should have started with simpler questions.
We haven't eaten.
You guys haven't eaten.
They haven't eaten.
"Where's the director?" "In his office."
"Where's mum?" "In the garden."
"Where's mom?" "In the garden".
Come here every Monday.
Raise the dowry, and ask gifts, and I will gladly give what you shall demand: only give me this damsel to wife.
The Dark Knight is a good movie.
I didn't know anyone.
Everyone's laughing, but no one will explain to me what happened.
I didn't know anyone in Boston when I first arrived.
I didn't know anyone in Boston when I first moved here.
Where should I wait for you?
Where was Tom headed?
Where's Tom's home?
Which do you like better, this one or that one?
Who's able to explain this to me?
I had the same math teacher for two years.
You only need to tweak the wording. You don't need to rewrite the whole thing.
Could you tweak the audio settings a little? The bass is too loud.
I didn’t hide my face to insults.
Who's that standing over there?
Who's the boss of this company?
I set my face like a flint because I know I shall not be put to shame.
They threw bile in my food.
Studying is not easy.
The granny is pretty old.
Somebody laced my drink with something.
Your phone just rang.
Don't tweak his nose again or he'll bite you.
You can check my music out on Spotify — just search in the ‘artist’ category for “Alex Sharp Cole.”
I’m sorry, I’m really bad with names — what was your’s again?
So how many places have you been to in the afternoon?
Watch out, here it comes.
Tom's task is to teach the kid horse riding.
He has patched up the hole in the wall.
We are watching the sun set.
There is no need for you to rush.
I believe he is sick.
He truly loves me.
Alright, let's settle on that one!
Are you going to sing an English song for us?
He is in a relationship with a foreign student.
The city is at the northern end of Japan.
In other words, I don't like working with him.
We spent three hours to come to this conclusion.
I'm secretly in love with her.
This song will do too?
It's my treat today.
I'm happy whenever I see him.
David ate a lot of things.
You are not allowed in this room.
Beijing welcomes you.
He didn't pass the exam, but it doesn't bother him.
I will not go out tomorrow if it rains.
What matters in life is not where you are but where you are headed.
I usually have my bath at night.
Queue up properly, no queue jumping!
I have two cats: one is white and the other is black.
He is not David. His name is Daniel.
I go to bed at ten.
She has seven children.
"One of this and two of this, please." "Take-away?" "No, having here."
"I heard that 70% of Japanese are ninjas. Is it true?" "Where did you hear that from?"
She needs a haircut.
Figures do not lie. Liars make use of figures.
My elder brother plays the guitar very well.
The doctor told me to quite smoking.
I got up at in the morning.
Why did father run away from mother?
When did you start going out with your current girlfriend?
Tokyo is an expensive city.
Will you be here Monday?
Will you be here on Monday?
Will Tom be here soon?
Why would you listen to Tom's advice?
Why's Tom in the kitchen?
Why don't we ask for Tom's advice?
Why did you tell that joke?
You're not able to swim, are you?
You aren't able to swim, are you?
Have you eaten any cake yet?
Have you ever helped your mother clean the kitchen?
You've cleaned your shoes, haven't you?
You've polished your shoes, haven't you?
You polished your shoes, didn't you?
Haven't you ever heard of Boston?
Algeria has become a car manufacturer.
Algeria wants to reduce dependence on foreign imports.
Algeria wants to reduce dependence on foreign technology.
Algeria will soon be producing high-tech electronic components.
How long has Tom been absent?
Algeria is currently developing several research parks.
How long have you been sick?
Algeria has become the favorite destination for many Chinese investors.
Chinese investment in Algeria is increasing.
China is buying its way into Algeria.
We're not here to talk about Algeria.
Algeria invested billions of dollars to develop its infrastructure.
Algeria has learned the lesson and is determined not to repeat the same mistakes.
China is investing billions of dollars in construction in Algeria.
Algeria is open to long-term investment from China.
Algeria has become a weapon manufacturer.
Algeria is determined to protect its essential interests.
Algerian economy is pretty hard to understand.
Algeria has nuclear power plants.
Algeria is not exactly a rich country.
Algeria has a population of million.
There are very few skyscrapers in Algeria.
Algeria's economic situation is currently bad.
He has been granted Algerian citizenship.
Algeria is one of the most beautiful countries in the world.
Algeria is now determined to learn from its mistakes.
How much does Tom spend per month?
It's still really hard for Algerians to invest their money outside of the country.
In Algeria, almost everything is controlled by bureaucrats and politicians.
Algerian youth is fleeing the country in huge numbers.
Algeria is facing a tough economic crisis.
Algeria needs to overcome its economic crisis.
Algeria needs a new political culture.
Algeria needs a new political philosophy.
I can take you with me.
Subsidies are costing the Algerian government billions of dollars every year.
Algeria needs to cut subsidization.
I stayed at home last night doing that.
Algeria is a great country.
Algeria isn't having its best moment.
Wages in Algeria are much higher than in Mauritania.
He was sent to Algeria to study.
Algeria needs to have a truly transparent electoral system.
Algeria needs a new electoral system.
The Islamic Salvation Front wanted to use the legislative elections as a political springboard to remain in power for ever.
The Algerian government needs to launch major reforms to appease the masses.
I understand you so much.
Does Algeria need a complete constitutional reform?
Algeria is in crisis.
The current Algerian crisis could lead to terrible consequences.
This political crisis could lead Algeria to unsustainable situation.
Algeria needs to move from a centralized economy controlled by the state to a true market economy.
Algeria needs to get back on track.
Algeria needs to put an end to corruption.
Algeria needs to adopt a new economic strategy.
Do you want to invest in Algeria?
I think that what's going on in Algeria is a peaceful transition.
In Algeria, we have legislative elections every five years.
Algerians need freedom of speech.
Is Algeria heading towards the same fate as Syria?
Algeria is a republic.
Does Algeria need a brand new constitution?
Does Algeria need a new constitution?
The Algerian army claims it is on the side of the people.
Algeria has lots of oil.
Algeria produces less oil than Nigeria.
The political crisis is on the front page of every Algerian newspaper.
Can there be a really peaceful democratic transition in Algeria?
The Algerian opposition is very fragmented.
This could happen in Algeria.
Something similar could happen in Algeria.
Algeria doesn't want a war with Libya.
Just look at what happened in Algeria in the 1990's.
Al Jazeera is banned in Algeria.
Abdelkader Bensalah has been proclaimed the head of state of Algeria.
Is a peaceful transition possible in Algeria?
Changing Algeria completely is going to be a very difficult thing.
Algeria may soon undergo a historic change.
Algeria has a new head of state.
Is Algeria on the verge of collapsing?
Will a peaceful transition be possible in Algeria?
Changing Algeria is going to be a very difficult task.
Algeria has a formidable intelligence system.
Algeria's economic crisis is growing.
That would have horrendous results for Algeria.
Algeria invested billions of dollars in improving its infrastructure.
Al Jazeera continues to be banned in Algeria.
Al Jazeera has become the unofficial loudspeaker of various Islamist terrorist groups.
Algeria is a Muslim country.
How many satellites does Algeria have?
Both Arabic and Berber are official languages in Algeria.
In Algeria, both Arabic and Berber are official.
Al Jazeera doesn't have an office in Algeria.
Al Jazeera no longer has an office in Algeria.
Islam is Algeria's state religion.
Al Jazeera's office was shut down in Algeria.
Al Jazeera has been banned from Algeria.
Algeria is an independent nation located in North Africa.
Al Jazeera is forbidden in Algeria.
Algiers is Algeria's capital city.
Kabylie is in the north of Algeria.
Kabylie is a region located in the north of Algeria.
Berbers are the most ancient people in North Africa.
Berber is the most ancient language in North Africa.
During the 1970's, the Algerian government tried to end the Berber language.
Algeria is rich in natural gas.
Algeria has a strong army.
Algeria has a formidable special operations force.
Ouargla is the district that contains the most oil in Algeria.
In 1962, Algerians freely decided their future and they chose independence from France.
Algeria has been at war with terrorists for years.
Tobacco smoke contains hydrogen cyanide, a poisonous gas.
The risk of heart disease is up to four times higher among smokers than non-smokers.
Cigarettes are one of the major causes of heart diseases.
What do you really know about Algeria?
What do you know about Algeria?
Berber has its own alphabet called "Tifinagh" but most Algerian Berber speakers write their language in the Latin alphabet.
Algeria is an ally of Russia and China.
Algeria is a close ally of China.
Algeria's largest diaspora is in France.
Algeria's largest diaspora lives in France.
Algiers is Algeria's capital.
Algeria is an independent country.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika announced his resignation a few weeks after the Algerian peaceful protests had started.
Algeria has a chance to change its course.
Algeria is currently having internal problems.
Algeria has sophisticated missile systems.
Algeria is a major exporter of gas.
Algeria has very good relations with Russia.
Have you ever heard of a region called Kabylie?
Algeria is one of the best allies of Russia.
He was given Algerian nationality.
Algeria is going through a really tense situation.
Algeria needs corruption-free politicians.
There is a lot to do in Algeria.
Algeria's corrupt officials need to be arrested and tried.
The Algiers port is Algeria's largest commercial port.
Perhaps Algeria needs an independent police force to fight corruption.
One of Algeria's biggest problems is corruption.
We need to rid Algeria of corruption.
Corrupt politicians have been bleeding Algeria dry.
He wants to lead Algeria.
His Algerian citizenship was revoked.
His Algerian nationality was taken away.
He was determined to go back to Algeria.
Algeria is one of the most populous countries in North Africa.
Algeria transports gas to Europe through pipelines.
Does Algeria have regasification plants?
Algeria is Spain's biggest gas supplier.
The biggest natural gas supplier of Spain is Algeria.
Algeria supplies natural gas to Spain and Italy.
Algeria needs to change course.
Algeria is determined to maintain its unity and independence.
Algeria has gas pipelines that go under the Mediterranean Sea to supply natural gas to Spain and Italy.
Spain and Italy buy gas from Algeria.
Algeria needs a healthy democracy.
Algeria and Russia have a really good relationship.
Algeria is thousands of miles away from Canada.
He had no problem at all getting a visa for Algeria.
Algeria isn't the only place where this is happening.
Many Algerians were deported to New Caledonia and French Guiana by the French colonial authorities.
Algeria needs a total transformation.
Is Algeria's economy on the verge of collapse?
Will the Algerian economy manage to recover?
Does Algeria have a prosperous economy?
Algeria has lost many of its talented workers.
Why are Algerians leaving Algeria if things are going so well?
How much is the average salary in Algeria?
How can Algeria stop its brain drain?
Algeria needs to start a "return campaign" in order to persuade its immigrants to return home.
Algeria wants to attract more foreign investments.
Algeria needs to reduce bureaucracy to attract foreign investments.
Is Algeria really constantly in danger?
Do you think Algerian will be able to stop its brain drain?
Could Algeria become the Silicon Valley of the Maghreb region?
He became an Algerian citizen.
In 1962, Algeria got its independence from France.
Algeria needs to attract foreign investments.
Algeria is looking for economic development.
Algeria needs to develop its digital infrastructure.
Algiers is the Algerian capital.
Algeria needs to cut its spending.
Will Algeria's economy improve?
Where is the Algerian embassy?
This happens in every other country, including Algeria.
Algeria doesn't have a demographic crisis.
You can do this without having to move to Algeria.
He opened a bank account in Algeria.
What exactly is going on in Algeria now?
Sorry if I butchered the pronunciation of the Berber phrases, but I guess you have understood what I said.
Tom has a valid reason for avoiding Mary.
Algerians are tired of corruption.
Algerians are tired of this corrupt system.
Tom has a compelling reason for avoiding Mary.
Algeria has been an independent country for more than years.
Algeria needs to become a healthy democracy.
Algeria has achieved a high literacy rate.
Berber is a pretty poetic language.
Algeria won't become a living hell.
Algeria is going through a big time political crisis.
The sons of Jacob answered Sichem and his father deceitfully, being enraged at the deflowering of their sister: We cannot do what you demand, nor give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; which with us is unlawful and abominable.
Algeria can defend itself against its enemies.
Algeria gained independence in 1962.
Algeria declared its independence in 1962.
Algeria doesn't recognize Taiwan as an independent state.
Algeria has never had diplomatic relations with Taiwan.
China has direct interests in Algeria.
Russia is one of Algeria's powerful allies.
Algeria needs to consolidate its democracy.
Algerians want freedom.
Algeria needs to set up more aggressive policies to attract foreign investors.
Algeria doesn't have an aging population problem.
Foreign investments will boost Algeria's economy.
Algeria is a country located in North Africa.
Kabylie, Algeria, is the birthplace of Mouloud Mammeri.
He's of Kabyle descent.
Is democracy gaining strength in Algeria?
Many Chinese tourists visit Algeria every year.
Algeria needs to elect a new parliament.
Algeria is developing its railway network.
Kabylie, Algeria, has beautiful landscapes.
Who would not like to visit Algeria?
To develop its agriculture, Algeria needs lots of water.
Algeria lacks water resources.
Algeria is supplying Spain and Italy with gas.
Oil and gas are the main resources Algeria has.
"Will Algeria become a true democracy?" "Only time will tell."
Algeria is a middle-income country.
Algeria has two official languages.
Algerian politics is very complicated.
Algeria subsidizes its agriculture.
Every male Algerian citizen must do military service.
Algeria has mandatory military service.
Is it easy to start a company in Algeria?
He set up his company in Algeria.
Algeria needs a new system of government.
Algeria has a welfare state.
Algeria is a large oil producer.
This is Algiers, Algeria's capital.
Algeria has oil but it isn't rich.
Most of the Algerian oil comes from the Sahara desert.
The Algerian government wasted tons of money without achieving true economic development.
Algeria is in the midst of one of its worst political crises.
The Algerian state still controls a good share of the economy.
The best thing Algeria could do is diversify its economy.
Algeria has become a weapons manufacturer.
Algeria lost more than 200,people during the civil war of the 1990's.
Algeria needs to transform into a truly modern nation.
Algeria needs to transform into a thriving modern nation.
Algeria was occupied by France between and 1962.
In Algeria, families try to save as much money as possible.
Does Algeria need a regime change?
Algeria needs to develop its education system.
Algeria needs to modernize its education system.
Algeria needs a new constitution that will establish a true democratic system.
Algeria has a very costly but inefficient health system.
How can Algeria overcome these challenges?
Algeria has a good healthcare system compared to other African nations.
Algeria has a good medical system compared to other African nations.
Algeria subsidizes its hospitals.
Algeria has a relatively good public health system.
Algeria's healthcare system is relatively good when we compare it to that of other African nations.
Algeria is divided into districts.
Kabylie is a wonderful region.
Kabylie is the most wonderful region in Algeria.
This year, Algeria will celebrate its 57th birthday.
Algeria needs to protect its independence.
Morocco tried to invade Algeria in the 1960's.
Algeria almost totally forbade Berber in the 1970's.
But in this we may be allied with you, if you will be like us, and all the male sex among you be circumcised:Then will we mutually give and take your daughters, and ours; and we will dwell with you, and will be one people:
The Arabization policy of the 1970's almost annihilated Berber in Algeria.
Algeria needs to develop its industrial sector.
The prices in the Algerian housing market have skyrocketed.
Real estate prices in Algeria have skyrocketed.
Many Algerian officials head to France or the US to receive medical attention.
What do you think of Algeria?
But if you will not be circumcised, we will take our daughter and depart.
Algeria is a gigantic country.
Everything is changing in Algeria.
Algeria is in North Africa.
Algeria gained independence from France in 1962.
A civil war in Algeria is bad for everyone.
A violent revolution in Algeria is bad for everyone.
There is still poverty in Algeria.
The Algiers subway was inaugurated in 2011.
Algeria has promoted the construction of gigantic infrastructure projects.
Algeria has many large state-owned companies.
Algeria needs to attract foreign direct investment.
Everything has begun to change in Algeria.
Political censorship needs to be dismantled in Algeria.
Algeria needs to attract more investment.
The Algerian regime is one of the most opaque regimes on the planet.
A revolution is taking place in Algeria.
Algeria needs a new political system.
Algeria needs deep economic reforms.
Algeria has a peaceful nuclear program.
Algeria is going through its worst time since the end of its civil war in the late 1990s.
Algeria will not become a new Syria.
Algeria needs to set socialism aside in order to jumpstart a truly market economy.
Many Turkish companies are interested in doing business in Algeria.
Algeria has solid economic relations with Turkey.
Algeria does not want war.
There are many investment opportunities in Algeria.
Algeria is still being built and it needs everything.
Not everything is so simple in Algeria.
In Algeria, not everything is so simple.
Can Algeria become a holiday spot?
Tourism is one of the Algerian government's top priorities.
Will there be a peaceful political transition in Algeria?
One thing is sure, Algeria is changing.
Algeria is opening up its economy.
Can Algeria attract a lot of foreign investors?
Algeria is a former socialist country.
Algeria is an oil-rich country.
Use it or lose it!
Their offer pleased Hemor, and Sichem, his son: And the young man made no delay, but forthwith fulfilled what was required: for he loved the damsel exceedingly, and he was the greatest man in all his father's house.
He traveled to Algeria.
He's watching this video from Algeria.
To my knowledge, Algeria doesn't have special economic zones.
They come from Algeria.
Algeria will probably never become a free-market paradise.
Algeria abandoned the socialism-based system in the early 1990's.
Tom sings better than me.
And going into the gate of the city, they spoke to the people: These men are peaceable, and are willing to dwell with us: let them trade in the land, and till it, which being large and wide wanteth men to till it: we shall take their daughters for wives, and we will give them ours.
Achieving a strong democracy in Algeria isn't an easy thing.
Algeria needs a quality democracy.
Is Algeria actually in danger?
More than years have passed since Algeria's independence.
Will a transformation take place in Algeria?
Algeria's constitution recognizers Berber as an official language.
What the hell is happening in Algeria right now?
Will Algeria become a democratic country?
Does the Algerian state need to be refounded?
Do Algerian institutions need to be refounded?
Algeria and Israel have never had diplomatic relations.
Algeria is one of the largest gas producers in the world.
Algeria is one of the largest oil producers in Africa.
Algeria is a close ally of Russia.
Algeria has tense relations with Morocco.
The relation between Algeria and Morocco is complicated.
This is a map of Algeria.
Algeria has many gas fields in the Sahara.
Everything has started to change in Algeria.
Algeria spent billions of dollars in the development of its infrastructure.
Algeria has colossal amounts of oil and gas.
Algeria is a big country of forty million inhabitants.
Algeria is Spain's main gas supplier.
Algeria has lots of continental oil.
Algeria wants to become an innovative country.
Will relations between Algeria and Morocco improve?
Algeria supports the Palestinian people.
Algeria and Morocco have unstable relations.
Algeria and China occasionally negotiate strategic economic ties.
Algeria is very critical of Israel as a consequence of the situation in Gaza.
Will Algeria become an energy power?
Will Algeria become an agricultural power in North Africa?
Algeria has good weather.
Algeria has thousands of hectares of arable land.
Can Algeria become a food exporter?
Kabylie, Algeria, is one of the most densely populated areas in the world.
For years, agriculture was placed on the back burner in Algeria.
Is Algeria a wheat exporter?
Algeria needs to develop its agricultural sector.
Algeria is developing its agricultural sector.
Will Algeria have a prosperous economy?
Algeria imports billions of dollars of food every year.
Algeria needs agriculture.
Algeria has to maintain its agricultural sector at all costs.
Algeria needs to improve productivity in the agricultural sector.
Many of you might not have heard about Kabylie, a mountainous region located in northern Algeria.
Algeria is an African country.
Algerian universities are funded from the state.
Algerian universities are funded from the government.
Algeria has no private universities.
He is from Algeria.
Livestock is very important in Algeria, especially sheep.
He has a goat farm in Kabylie, Algeria.
What are Algeria's official languages?
Algeria needs to modernize its agricultural sector.
What the hell is going on in Algeria?
Algeria is one of the most corrupt countries on the planet.
Algeria is still a Third World country.
Algeria has a bizarre economy.
Algeria was a French colony for years.
France invaded Algeria in the 19th century.
The French colonizers left Algeria in 1962.
Algeria has no diamond mines.
China buys Algeria's oil.
Algeria's economy is certainly one of a kind.
Will Algerians enjoy democracy?
Algeria is an oil and gas juggernaut.
Algerians want good quality houses.
In Algeria, even people with comfortable salaries have trouble making ends meet.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika is the former president of Algeria.
He wants to do business in Algeria.
He wanted to start a company in Algeria.
They don't want to invest in Algeria.
Oil is the main Algerian export.
Hydrocarbons represent more than 95% of Algerian exports.
Many Chinese construction companies are investing billions of dollars in Algeria.
France was Algeria's colonizer.
Zinedine Zidane is very popular in Algeria.
Will Algeria get rid of its corrupt ruling class?
The Algerian constitution recognizes two official languages: Arabic and Berber.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was elected as the president of Algeria in 1999.
Algeria will do everything to maintain its national unity.
Algeria has one capital city and it's Algiers.
Algiers, the Algerian capital, is also its largest city.
Poverty has been strongly reduced in Algeria.
French car manufacturer Renault has a factory in Algeria.
Algeria has a population of about forty million people.
Algeria's currency, the dinar, has greatly depreciated.
Algeria has invested billions of dollars in education.
Will Algeria get rid of its political and economic mafia?
Will Algeria become a prosperous nation?
How did Algeria end up like this?
Berber speakers are a minority inside Algeria.
Since 2016, Algeria has two official languages: Arabic and Berber.
Algeria became a sovereign state in 1962.
He was raised in Algeria.
Algeria has a new government.
Algeria has a lot of resources to export.
Is Algeria an emerging nation?
Will Algeria become a wealthy country?
Algeria is a middle-income country where extreme poverty doesn't exist.
Algeria has invested billions in building power generators.
Is Algeria an emerging economy?
He wants to start a company in Algeria.
Algeria could attract a lot of foreign investors.
Algerian streets are safe.
In Algeria, all citizens are Algerians and Kabyles aren't considered as an ethnic community on its own.
He's doing business in Algeria.
Will Algeria become more democratic?
I want to know about the history of Algeria.
Algeria is a large country.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika is Algeria's foreign president.
Can Algeria attract foreign companies?
Will Algeria attract a lot of foreign companies?
Things are starting to get rather sour in Algeria.
What are the current problems Algeria is facing?
Algeria was born in after a war between the Algerian National Liberation Front and France.
What do you think of Brazil?
Brazil is divided into states plus the Federal District.
One thing there is for which so great a good is deferred: We must circumcise every male among us, following the manner of the nation. And their substance, and cattle, and all that they possess, shall be ours; only in this let us condescend, and by dwelling together, we shall make one people.
Tom ate hard-boiled eggs.
Tom is a hard-ass.
He's industrious and hardworking.
It was hard to tell his age.
It was hard to tell her age.
The patient is now cured.
The patient is cured.
The patient was cured by the medication.
The doctor made the correct diagnosis.
The teacher rolled the TV into the classroom.
Mary dropped her books.
Mary dropped her books in front of Tom.
Mary dropped her books and Tom rushed to pick them up for her.
Tom dropped his books in the hallway.
Tom dropped his books in his locker.
They both dropped their books.
Tom and Mary both dropped their books.
Tom put down the chalk.
The teacher put down the chalk.
Tom was waiting for his parents to pick him up.
Tom was still in high school at the time.
Mary was still in high school at the time.
Don't worry. It's perfectly normal.
Tom is very affectionate, isn't he?
How many students study here?
Tom brought Mary some food.
How much did this chair cost?
I have no idea where Tom's keys are.
I always wondered about that.
Tom got good grades.
I bought a new pair of boots.
Tom put his books into his locker.
Tom put his books inside his locker.
Tom held his books close to his chest.
Tom carried Mary's books for her.
Tom carried Mary's books.
Tom carries Mary's books for her every day.
Tom clutched his books to his chest.
Mary clutched her books to her chest.
I must have left it at home.
I must have left it at school.
Swallows herald the summer.
You made me happy.
He has strong opinions on education.
You know perfectly well that things don't work that way.
The government has to understand that we're in a crisis.
Is it true you'll be going to Paris?
Is it true that you're going to Paris?
It's not a good idea to offend a boxer's wife.
Tom wore coke-bottle glasses.
Tom has buck teeth.
Where's the marketplace?
Next year I'll go to London.
There's still no proof that they're guilty.
The princess is indescribably beautiful.
When Tom opened his locker, all his books fell onto the floor.
Would you like to drink a glass after work?
After hearing the terrible news, she cried.
You can't argue matters of taste.
I got pregnant.
I want to give you these.
I don't live far from the school.
Tom wears coke-bottle glasses.
Tom pushed up his glasses.
Tom put his books back into his locker.
Tom bumped into Mary in front of his locker and dropped his books.
Tom and Mary bumped into each other and dropped their books on the floor.
Tom and Mary bumped into each other and dropped their papers on the floor.
I'm sorry I bumped into you.
Tom helped Mary pick up her books.
They stared at each other for a few seconds.
Tom offered to carry Mary's books.
Tom offered to carry Mary's books, but she refused.
I don't feel any sympathy for Tom.
I brought someone to see you.
I paid Tom for the work he did.
I can do that if you help me.
The doctor made the wrong diagnosis.
Is Tom the owner of that car?
Is it true that you bit Tom?
Is it true that you hit Tom?
Is it true you kissed Tom?
Is it true you hit Tom?
Is it true you bit Tom?
Isn't Tom Canadian?
Isn't that a French book?
It seems like an interesting job. What exactly do you do?
Doing that doesn't look too difficult.
It's quite likely that Tom will do that.
May I invite Tom to dinner?
Would you like me to set the table?
May I go swimming?
Would it be OK if I went swimming?
Would it be all right if I went swimming?
Do I have to I hurry?
Do I have to open everything?
Was Tom really boring?
Were Tom and Mary in the library yesterday?
What're you going to be when you grow up?
What're your plans for tonight?
What did Tom draw on the blackboard?
What did Tom write on the blackboard?
What do you learn French for?
Why do you want work for our company?
What's made you decide to work for our company?
Where can I find a restaurant in the area?
What's a petunia?
Everyone is going to the beach this summer.
The weather last fall was beautiful.
I'm shorter than Tom is.
I live in a small cabin not too far from here.
I'm afraid Tom is sick.
I want to give these to you.
I'm not a Canadian citizen.
I'm very sorry for them.
I'm not in on Monday.
I'm returning to Boston.
I'm sorry I kissed Mary.
I'm quicker than you.
I'm going to dance.
I'm going to the dance.
I'm not a big fan of Tom's.
I'm sure that you can do that.
I'm glad that we left early.
I'm glad that I left early.
I'm Mary's friend, Tom.
I'm going to marry Mary.
Can you reschedule the exam please?
There is nothing better than zopf.
And they all agreed, and circumcised all the males.
And behold the third day, when the pain of the wound was greatest: two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, the brothers of Dina, taking their swords, entered boldly into the city and slew all the men. And they killed also Hemor and Sichem, and took away their sister Dina out of Sichem's house.
And when they were gone out, the other sons of Jacob came upon the slain; and plundered the city in revenge of the rape.
And they took their sheep, and their herds, and their asses, wasting all they had in their houses and in their fields.
Who knows what's right?
I'm very sorry for you.
I bought them.
Do you speak any other language besides English?
And their children and wives they took captive.
Algerians want better living conditions.
There won't be a violent revolution in Algeria.
Algerians are tired of terrorism.
Algerians are tired of Islamism.
Algerians are tired of Islamists.
Algerians are tired of Islamist violence.
Algeria isn't a capitalist country.
University is free in Algeria.
Hospitals are free in Algeria.
Public hospitals are free in Algeria.
There are very few private hospitals in Algeria.
Is Algeria a dictatorship?
Is Algeria still a dictatorship?
Is there freedom of speech in Algeria?
Google isn't blocked in Algeria.
And when they had boldly perpetrated these things, Jacob said to Simeon and Levi: You have troubled me, and made me hateful to the Chanaanites and Pherezites, the inhabitants of this land. We are few: they will gather themselves together and kill me; and both I, and my house shall be destroyed.
He's an Algerian citizen.
Is Algeria experiencing a huge democratic change?
Algeria doesn't have a bad reputation.
Algeria's nuclear program is peaceful.
They answered: Should they abuse our sister as a strumpet?
People like you are an embarrassment to Algeria.
Frankly, you're an embarrassment to Algeria.
Is Algeria a budding regional power in the Mediterranean region?
Algeria is not just any country.
Algeria is huge.
Algeria has lots of oil and gas.
Algeria has natural gas.
Algeria and Tunisia are neighbors.
Algeria has huge oil and gas reserves.
Algeria only uses nuclear technology for peaceful purposes.
Algeria isn't interested in developing a nuclear weapon.
Algeria isn't interested in making a nuclear bomb.
Algeria doesn't have nuclear weapons.
Algeria isn't really a dictatorship but it isn't a true democracy either.
Algerians want a better quality of life.
Algeria won't become another Syria.
What's the average wage in Algeria?
Can you explain us the Algerian crisis?
This product is made in Algeria.
Renault has a factory in Algeria.
Renault built a factory in Algeria.
These things are made in Algeria.
These products are made in Algeria.
These products are manufactured in Algeria.
This car is made in Algeria.
These cars are manufactured in Algeria.
Algeria has much better roads now.
Algeria has good roads.
Algerian highways are paved.
He started investing in Algeria.
Can Algeria become a paradise for foreign investment?
With the current economic crisis, many Algerians are struggling to survive.
Can Algeria get over its economic crisis?
What are the things that make Algeria famous?
What's Algeria famous for?
Let's talk a little bit about the Algerian economic crisis.
The separatist project is history.
The separatist project is dead and buried.
He was extradited to Algeria.
He was born in Algeria.
Algeria is now a peaceful country.
Algeria will change for the better.
Algeria's nuclear program isn't a threat to anyone.
Algerians have had enough of Islamism.
Algerians have had enough of Islamist intolerance.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika came to power in 1999.
Algeria has no plans to develop nuclear weapons.
Algeria needs to develop its economy.
Algeria needs to diversify its economy.
Algeria has no intention to develop nuclear weapons.
Algeria has strategic relations with France.
Let's talk about the relationship between Algeria and Morocco.
Algeria is in a state of crisis.
Algeria needs to open up to the outside world.
Relations between Algeria and Turkey have expanded a great deal.
Algeria has a lot of oil and natural gas.
Algeria imports automobiles from France.
Many Turkish companies are operating in Algeria.
Algeria and France need each other more than it seems.
Algeria is going through an economic crisis.
Algerians are fed up of their political establishment.
Algeria is to the Algerian people.
Africa is to the African people.
King Massinissa once said: "Africa is to the African people."
The General Union of Algerian Workers is Algeria's main trade union.
Algeria has a relatively well educated society.
Algeria managed to rebuild its economy after the devastating civil war of the 1990s.
Abelaziz Bouteflika, the former president of Algeria, held power for almost two decades.
This chart that represents the trade balance in Algeria.
Algeria has many mobile phone manufacturers.
What have the Algerian authorities done to tackle this problem?
And the two angels came to Sodom in the evening, and Lot was sitting in the gate of the city. And seeing them, he rose up and went to meet them: and worshipped prostrate to the ground. And said: I beseech you, my lords, turn in to the house of your servant, and lodge there: wash your feet, and in the morning you shall go on your way.
And they said: No, but we will abide in the street.
He pressed them very much to turn in unto him: and when they were come into his house, he made them a feast, and baked unleavened bread, and they ate:
But before they went to bed, the men of the city beset the house, both young and old, all the people together.
And they called Lot, and said to him: Where are the men that came in to thee at night? bring them out hither, that we may know them:
Lot went out to them, and shut the door after him, and said: Do not so, I beseech you, my brethren, do not commit this evil.
I have two daughters who, as yet, have not known man; I will bring them out to you, and abuse you them as it shall please you, so that you do no evil to these men, because they are come in under the shadow of my roof.
But they said: Get thee back thither. And again: Thou camest in, said they, as a stranger, was it to be a judge? therefore we will afflict thee more than them. And they pressed very violently upon Lot: and they were even at the point of breaking open the doors.
And behold the men put out their hand, and drew in Lot unto them, and shut the door.
And them, that were without, they struck with blindness from the least to the greatest, so that they could not find the door.
Will Algeria change?
The 1990s are remembered as a terrible decade in Algeria.
Algeria needs to attract foreign investment.
Since the 1980s, Algeria has doubled its population.
Can Algeria become a technological power?
Some say that Algeria is the envy of North Africa.
And they said to Lot: Hast thou here any of thine? son in law, or sons, or daughters, all that are thine bring them out of this city: For we will destroy this place, because their cry is grown loud before the Lord, who hath sent us to destroy them.
Algeria is suffering an economic crisis.
Algeria could suffer a brutal economic crisis.
Things weren't always like that in Algeria.
Algeria has large oil reserves.
Algeria has many natural resources.
So Lot went out, and spoke to his sons in law that were to have his daughters, and said: Arise: get you out of this place, because the Lord will destroy this city. And he seemed to them to speak as it were in jest.
Algeria is a very rich country that has everything: oil, gas, iron, gold, and many more resources.
A thriving middle class has started to emerge in Algeria.
The 1970's were Algeria's happy times.
Dad is working in Algeria.
And when it was morning, the angels pressed him, saying: Arise, take thy wife, and the two daughters that thou hast: lest thou also perish in the wickedness of the city.
Algeria is a land of gas and oil.
Algeria has a relatively well educated population.
And as he lingered, they took his hand, and the hand of his wife, and of his two daughters, because the Lord spared him.
Algeria is an oil exporter.
Algeria is trying to increase its income.
Algeria is an oil and gas exporter.
Algeria exports oil and gas.
Algeria may lack some things but it has lots of oil and gas and plenty of other natural resources.
And they brought him forth, and set him without the city: and there they spoke to him, saying: Save thy life: look not back, neither stay thou in all the country about: but save thy self in the mountain, lest thou be also consumed.
Algeria is a safe gas supplier for Spain.
In the 1970's, Algeria decided to nationalize its oil.
Algeria's income comes from the oil rent.
Algeria needs to boost its national economy.
And Lot said to them: I beseech thee, my Lord, Because thy servant hath found grace before thee, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast shewn to me, in saving my life, and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil seize me, and I die.
Algeria needs to develop local industries that could create substitutes for imports.
There is this city here at hand, to which I may flee, it is a little one, and I shall be saved in it: is it not a little one, and my soul shall live?
And he said to him: Behold also in this, I have heard thy prayers, not to destroy the city for which thou hast spoken.
Is the situation in Algeria dangerous?
Make haste, and be saved there: because I cannot do any thing till thou go in thither. Therefore the name of that city was called Segor.
Algerians are fed up of religious fanaticism.
The sun was risen upon the earth, and Lot entered into Segor.
Is there really a conspiracy that wants to end Algeria?
Algeria's economic crisis has been going on for four years already.
Do Algerians really have to be scared?
Algeria needs to develop its tourism sector.
Algeria is developing its food sector.
Inflation rates have significantly risen in the last two years in Algeria.
It's still too soon to tell what's gonna happen in Algeria.
Will Algeria become the new Syria?
I want to read more about Algeria.
And the Lord rained upon Sodom and Gomorrha brimstone and fire from the Lord out of heaven. And he destroyed these cities, and all the country about, all the inhabitants of the cities, and all things that spring from the earth.
Algeria's official currency is the Algerian dinar.
Algeria is a founding member of the African Union.
And his wife looking behind her, was turned into a statue of salt.
Algeria is a fascinating country.
What's really going on in Algeria these days?
And Abraham got up early in the morning, and in the place where he had stood before with the Lord: He looked towards Sodom and Gomorrha, and the whole land of that country: and he saw the ashes rise up from the earth as the smoke of a furnace.
Now when God destroyed the cities of that country, remembering Abraham, he delivered Lot out of the destruction of the cities wherein he had dwelt.
And Lot went up out of Segor, and abode in the mountain, and his two daughters with him (for he was afraid to stay in Segor) and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters with him.
And the elder said to the younger: Our father is old, and there is no man left on the earth, to come in unto us after the manner of the whole earth.
The Algerian currency is losing value.
is not the best year for the Algerian regime.
Come, let us make him drunk with wine, and let us lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.
What does China have to do with the Algerian economy?
China is flooding the Algerian markets.
Algerian products are cheap.
Algerian products are cheap and competitive.
Algeria wants to export its products to sub-Saharan countries.
And they made their father drink wine that night: and the elder went in, and lay with her father: but he perceived not, neither when his daughter lay down, nor when she rose up.
Is the Algerian economy falling?
And the next day the elder said to the younger: Behold I lay last night with my father, let us make him drink wine also to night, and thou shalt lie with him, that we may save seed of our father.
They made their father drink wine that night also, and the younger daughter went in, and lay with him: and neither then did he perceive when she lay down, nor when she rose up.
We're back in Algeria.
So the two daughters of Lot were with child by their father.
Algeria is named after Algiers, its capital city.
And the elder bore a son, and she called his name Moab: he is the father of the Moabites unto this day.
The younger also bore a son, and she called his name Ammon; that is, the son of my people: he is the father of the Ammonites unto this day.
Algeria has no active volcanoes.
The Chelif is the longest river in Algeria.
Abraham removed from thence to the south country, and dwelt between Cades and Sur, and sojourned in Gerara.
And he said of Sara his wife: She is my sister. So Abimelech the king of Gerara sent, and took her.
And God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and he said to him: Lo thou shalt die for the woman that thou hast taken: for she hath a husband.
Now Abimelech had not touched her, and he said: Lord, wilt thou slay a nation that is ignorant and just?
Did not he say to me: She is my sister: and she say, He is my brother? in the simplicity of my heart, and cleanness of my hands have I done this.
And God said to him: And I know that thou didst it with a sincere heart: and therefore I withheld thee from sinning against me, and I suffered thee not to touch her.
Now therefore restore the man his wife, for he is a prophet: and he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live: but if thou wilt not restore her, know that thou shalt surely die, thou and all that are thine.
And Abimelech forthwith rising up in the night, called all his servants: and spoke all these words in their hearing, and all the men were exceedingly afraid.
And Abimelech called also for Abraham, and said to him: What hast thou done to us? what have we offended thee in, that thou hast brought upon me and upon my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done to us what thou oughtest not to do.
And again he expostulated with him, and said: What sawest thou, that thou hast done this?
Abraham answered: I thought with myself, saying: Perhaps there is not the fear of God in this place: and they will kill me for the sake of my wife:
Howbeit, otherwise also she is truly my sister, the daughter of my father, and not the daughter of my mother, and I took her to wife.
And after God brought me out of my father's house, I said to her: Thou shalt do me this kindness: In every place, to which we shall come, thou shalt say that I am thy brother.
And Abimelech took sheep and oxen, and servants and handmaids, and gave to Abraham: and restored to him Sara his wife. And said: The land is before you, dwell wheresoever it shall please thee.
And to Sara he said: Behold I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver, this shall serve thee for a covering of thy eyes to all that are with thee, and whithersoever thou shalt go: and remember thou wast taken.
And when Abraham prayed, God healed Abimelech and his wife, and his handmaids, and they bore children: For the Lord had closed up every womb of the house of Abimelech, on account of Sara, Abraham's wife.
Mary decided to go to the convent.
They're young. Let them live!
I'm not in love!
Mary is young and pretty.
You know what he's like.
He is truly his father's son.
Mary works in a bakery.
I liked her right away.
I liked Tom right away.
Love takes two.
Tom throws bread to the ducks.
She has very nice eyes.
She has very beautiful eyes.
There are a lot of rumors going around about the two of them.
There are rumors going around about Tom.
There are rumors going around about Tom and Mary.
There are rumors going around about you.
An ulcer is an inflammation.
Have you ever used it?
Have you ever used illegal drugs?
Have you ever used a fake ID?
Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain.
Have you ever used God's name in vain?
Have you ever pretended to be sick when you weren't?
Tom gazed at the stars.
Tom is the smartest person I've ever met.
Mary is the smartest person I've ever met.
You're the smartest person I've ever met.
You're the funniest person I've ever met.
Tom is the funniest person I've ever met.
You're the sweetest person I've ever met.
I wished it could last forever.
I wished it would last forever.
Tom wished it would last forever.
Mary wished it would last forever.
Tom wished their kiss would last forever.
Mary wished their kiss would last forever.
I wish the summer would last forever.
Mary nudged him with her elbow.
You picked the wrong side.
You picked the losing side.
Tom picked the wrong side.
You're the most handsome man I've ever met.
I wouldn't worry about it too much.
Tom visited the botanical gardens.
Do you ever get lonely out here, all by yourself?
I need to read more.
You need to work harder.
Tom works in a bakery.
Why does Tom care what happens?
I can pay this bill tomorrow.
Tom is very good at math, isn't he?
I can quit anytime I want to.
Tom brought Mary to Boston.
I can't forget what happened.
I can quit any time I want to.
I'm no one's boyfriend.
That money changed his life.
I'm not going over the speed limit.
I can quit anytime I want.
It wasn't surprising at all.
Here, I am the law.
I'm just an average boy.
I'm glad Tom liked Mary.
I'm not eager to meet Tom.
I think I'm a pretty good student.
I think that I'm a pretty good student.
Algeria is undergoing some of its worst moments.
Are there people who live in extreme poverty in Algeria?
Massive protests are taking place every week in Algeria.
Algeria is undergoing a political crisis.
Algeria has been spending like there is no tomorrow.
Algeria is still spending like there is no tomorrow.
Is the Algerian regime about to collapse?
Algeria has colossal oil reserves.
Things have changed a lot in Algeria.
Everyone's going to the beach this summer.
Algeria wants to reduce its oil production.
To some people, Algeria's future is looking bleak.
Algeria has oil refining complexes.
Many roads in Algeria are in a terrible condition.
Algerian oil industry requires lots and lots of investments.
Will Algeria run out of money?
Oil is essential for the Algerian economy.
Oil generates more than 95% of Algeria's foreign currency in dollars.
Algeria needs to import less things.
Algeria produces almost nothing and needs to import almost everything it needs.
Does Algeria have a hedge fund?
I'll buy an umbrella.
Algeria is facing huge problems.
The Algerian dinar is not convertible.
There won't be an internal revolt in Algeria.
Will Algeria have a better future?
How is it going to end in Algeria?
How is the Algerian crisis going to end?
Algeria is exporting oil.
Will Algeria go bankrupt?
It is accident-prone!
Will Algeria really suffer extreme poverty?
It is dangerous!
We got sunburned.
It's almost impossible to understand the current situation in Algeria.
He knows Algeria as well as the palm of his hand.
He started a business in Algeria.
What can happen in Algeria?
Algeria is still poor.
Will Algeria become prosperous?
Former Algerian president Abdelaziz Bouteflika understood that he needed to step down from power.
The bottle was broken.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika left power in 2019.
He bought an apartment.
She bought an apartment.
Is Algeria on the edge of bankruptcy?
We bought an apartment.
Algerians are tired of the cult of personality.
He bought me a necklace.
He bought me earrings.
She bought me a watch.
She bought me a wristwatch.
In Algeria, its seems that the changes in government are mere lip service: different faces but the same policies.
Everything seems to be possible in Algeria.
Chinese companies are extracting oil in Algeria.
This is good news for Algeria.
This can't actually happen in Algeria.
Does Algeria have special economic zones?
Are you interested in investing in Algeria?
Are you interested in doing business in Algeria?
This is what could end up happening in Algeria.
Everything is possible in Algeria.
I want to learn more about Algeria.
If you wanna learn more about Algeria, visit our website.
Algeria is probably going through its toughest times.
Algeria is adrift.
It seems that Algeria is adrift.
Thousands of Algerians are leaving behind their country.
Algeria was part of the Turkish empire.
Algeria was part of the Ottoman Empire.
Algeria fought for its independence from to 1962.
Algeria is one of the most important oil powers in Africa.
Algeria has eradicated many diseases.
Are there Algerians who are suffering from malnutrition?
During the 1990's, Algeria was a very dangerous place to live.
Algeria is facing serious economic problems.
Many Algerian officials need to be detained for corruption.
Algeria is going through a difficult political situation.
Will Algeria become a consolidated democracy?
Is there any possible solution to the Algerian political crisis?
What's going on in Algeria isn't small news.
The Algerian economy doesn't seem to be doing so well.
Algeria buys almost everything it needs from abroad.
He wants to invest in Algeria.
Algeria needs foreign direct investment.
This company belongs to the Algerian government.
Algeria signed huge economic agreements with China.
The project is entirely financed by the Algerian government.
It's not easy to do business in Algeria.
Algerian currency reserves have significantly plummeted in the last five years.
If you're an investor and you have a problem with the Algerian government, your money could disappear. That's why Algeria is still a dictatorship.
Algeria is known for its bureaucracy and inefficiency.
Algerians are tired of bureaucracy and inefficiency.
Algeria is experiencing a financial crisis.
I'm certain Tom is coming.
I'm certain Tom will be here.
I'm certain that Tom is coming.
I'm certain that Tom will be here.
I'm certain Tom will be there.
I'm certain that Tom will be there.
I'm anxious to meet Tom.
Algeria is a sovereign country.
Algeria is a sovereign nation.
I'm amazed at Tom's nerve.
I'm all tired out.
Algeria is a large African country.
I'm sure Tom trusts you.
I'm sure that Tom trusts you.
Algeria has an East-West motorway.
Algeria produces a lot of electricity.
Algeria's electricity consumption is soaring.
Algeria needs more hydroelectric plants.
Algeria needs more hydropower plants.
Algeria's problems have begun a long time ago.
Algeria is facing a severe economic crisis.
Northern Algeria has a Mediterranean climate.
Algeria looks like a paradise.
Algeria has beautiful beaches.
Kabyles are Algerians and they can move freely around Algeria.
Kabyles are Algerian citizens and they can move freely around Algeria.
Kabyles are not a "persecuted ethnic minotiry." They are Algerian citizens and they can move freely around Algeria.
Kabyles enjoy the same rights and freedoms the rest of their Algerian fellow citizens enjoy.
This policy could have very serious consequences on Algeria.
Why do so many Algerians leave their country?
Algeria has been suffering a long economic crisis.
Is there really a way out for Algeria?
How will Algeria get out of this political crisis?
How do you see the future of Algeria?
This crisis could push Algeria into the abyss.
I'm too poor to get married.
In the 1970's, Algeria's lands were collectivized.
Why doesn't Algeria follow the example of the Asian Tigers?
How will Algeria manage to change its course?
Algeria needs to reform its industry sector.
I'm sure that Tom would approve.
Algeria still lacks money and technology.
Algeria ended its state commercial monopoly in the early 1990's.
Do you think Algeria will end up ever becoming a democracy?
Did Abelaziz Bouteflika want to die in power?
There are many questions about Algeria's future.
Algeria has so many natural resources.
Algeria has been an independent country since 1962.
Algeria is an independent country since 1962.
I'm sure that Tom is happy.
I'm sure Tom is happy.
Can Algeria become a healthy democracy?
Is Algeria a secular country?
Will Algeria become a truly secular country?
Algerians are tired of Salafists.
Algerians have understood that radical Islam isn't good for managing their country.
Algerian society is becoming more and more secular.
Algeria is building a new capital in Boughezoul.
Do you believe Algeria will turn into a secular country like its neighbor Tunisia?
Isn't Algeria already secular?
Allow your imagination to be infinitely free.
Islamists want to make Algeria a radical Islamic theocracy.
Islamists and Pan-Arabists want to ban Berber in Algeria.
While Islamists and Pan-Arabists want to ban Berber in Algeria, the separatists want to end this country itself. All these groups are not welcome in our country.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika's government is now famous for its corruption.
Will General Gaid Salah bring democracy to Algeria?
Algeria needs to encourage foreign investment.
I'm sure that Tom will come.
I'm all for Tom's proposal.
I like Tom's proposal.
He left Algeria.
I don't like Tom's proposal.
He came back to Algeria.
Is Algeria an Islamic state?
I don't like the dress you're wearing.
I'm afraid Tom can't come.
I'm afraid Tom won't be able to make it.
This group is considered a terrorist organization by the Algerian government.
I'm afraid I won't be able to get there on time.
Islam remains the official religion in Algeria's constitution.
Is Algeria a secular nation?
Algeria needs a strong civil society.
Algeria went through a severe security crisis in the 1990's.
If Algeria becomes a democracy, will it be able to maintain its democratic system?
The Algerian government wants to prevent political unrest in the country.
I'm afraid for Tom's life.
I'm longing to see Tom.
In Algeria, things have changed a lot.
Are the current protests a threat to Algeria's future?
Algeria needs a prosperous economy.
Algeria is facing many issues.
Algeria is losing its youngest and brightest people to emigration.
I don't like the dress that you're wearing.
I like the dress that you're wearing.
How can Algeria stop its brain drain.
This will be a great day for Algeria.
Algeria needs to reduce bureaucracy.
I'm sick of Tom's excuses.
To some, Algeria's future doesn't look quite so good.
I'm working on Tom's car.
Algeria needs to instill confidence in potential investors.
Democracy in Algeria will deal a fatal blow to any radical Islamist and separatist projects.
I'm very tired because I've been working all day.
Do you think Algeria will finally be able to stop its brain drain?
Does Algeria need foreign immigrants?
There are many Algerian immigrants in Canada.
I'm majoring in history.
Oh God, I killed a pregnant woman.
His story was uninteresting.
Algeria needs to attract more foreign entrepreneurs.
A billion people speak the English language.
I'm not about to ask Tom.
I'm afraid Tom will fail.
I'm looking for the flour.
I live in the apartment above Tom's.
I can't help you do that now.
Tom had a breakdown.
I can't let you go to Boston.
I have nothing more to say to Tom.
I can't let you pay for this.
I told Tom what should be done.
I can't quite see what it is.
Algeria needs significant economic reforms.
Algeria purchases billions of dollars of military equipment from Russia.
Some years ago—never mind how long precisely—having little or no money in my purse, and nothing particular to interest me on shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see the watery part of the world.
Algeria needs to attract foreign companies.
Algeria needs to have a thriving middle class.
The origin of this hubbub soon became sufficiently evident.
For who, let me ask, ever heard of a balloon manufactured entirely of dirty newspapers?
"Where Reindeer Roam" is an original Esperanto collection of short stories about life in Lapland.
The door was closed, but not locked.
Algeria is for the Algerians.
Algeria for the Algerians.
King Massinissa once said: "Africa for the Africans."
I love Algerian people.
Algerians are brave people.
Algeria is strengthening its relations with China.
Algeria needs to connect with the outside world.
Squirrels are storing up food for the winter.
Do you plead guilty?
Protect your pet from ticks and fleas.
Algeria needs to secure its long term stability.
Economic stability might bring political stability in Algeria.
Morocco is one of Algeria's geopolitical rivals in the region.
Algeria considers this a hostile act.
Ten minutes are left.
That is unconfirmed information.
Algeria is home to many traditions.
Algeria and Morocco are geopolitical rivals.
Algeria is a gas-rich nation.
Algeria is no stranger to social unrest.
Algeria needs groundbreaking economic reforms.
Algeria needs to diversify its export routes.
Algeria needs to diversity its exports.
Algeria needs to attract tourists from all over the world.
Algeria needs to attract investors from all over the world.
The Algerian youth feels increasingly marginalized by the political establishment.
This will be an excellent addition to your resumé.
Algerians remain suspicious of the government's promises.
The Algerian government needs to tackle this issue.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika took office in 1999.
Algeria should eliminate the law that requires foreign investors to partner with local firms.
Algeria has its own issues to consider.
The Algerian government is expected to ease up on austerity measures.
Algeria doesn't consider Hezbollah a terrorist organization.
Tom is a dead-beat.
Tom is a total dead-beat.
Algeria and Morocco need to settle their differences.
France and Algeria need each other.
The Algerian economy is in distress.
Algeria is facing many challenges.
Algeria is holding presidential elections this July.
Algeria needs to prevent Libya from turning into a sanctuary for jihadist militants.
Algeria is the main backer of the Polisario Front that seeks independence in Western Sahara.
Make sure you pack an umbrella.
Make sure you pack a raincoat.
Algeria was occupied by the Ottoman Empire between and 1830.
It's the rainy season.
The People's Democratic Republic of Algeria is located in North Africa.
In Japan, the rainy season lasts from the beginning of June to the middle of July.
Algeria needs to preserve its national identity.
Algeria needs to preserve its independence.
Tom loves to travel.
Mary loves to travel.
Tom is a sports critic.
Tom is a book critic.
Now there are fewer blacksmiths because we rarely use a horse as a draught animal.
Cyprus was a British colony.
I wouldn't have an arranged marriage.
Esperanto also has a few Chinese words like ''ĝozo'' for example, which means a Chinese dumpling.
The Algerian government is constructing a new capital city.
Boughezoul will be Algeria's new capital.
Large portions of the Algerian desert are uninhabitable.
Algiers is crowded and congested.
Algeria is in desperate need of housing.
Housing is insufficient in Algeria.
Algeria needs more industrial hubs.
Algeria needs a new capital.
Algeria is constructing a new capital.
Algeria needs to prepare itself for the post-oil era.
Algeria needs to develop its renewable energy sector.
Economic reform in Algeria should be accompanied by social and political change.
Peace in Libya is important to the geopolitical interests of Algeria.
Economic diversification will propell Algeria into the post-oil era.
The Algerian government wants to avoid social unrest.
It's taboo.
The truth will always win.
West and East are cardinal directions, not civilizations.
My mom is Swedish and my dad is Algerian.
The turtle laid its eggs on the beach.
The baby turtles hatched from their eggs and ran towards the sea.
Tom is a deadbeat.
The sea turtle laid its eggs on the beach.
That's a game for two.
Have a blessed Mid-Sha'ban.
The anime is set in a cyberpunk universe.
The game takes place in a steampunk world.
The story is set in a dieselpunk environment.
The novel is set in an atompunk, alternate history.
The film is set in a post-apocalyptic, dystopian future.
The Kabyle of the mountain always says: If God needs me, he will find me in the field.
There's not a second that goes by that I don't think about you.
The ship arrived at the harbor with humongous metal boxes.
I have a bad knee.
I bet Tom won't agree.
The rain's let up.
I hope Tom isn't busy.
I wish I had a job.
I'm baking Tom a cake.
I've got a bad knee.
I hope Tom isn't asleep.
I start work at 9:00.
I hope that Tom is awake.
I start work at nine.
Tom is cooking us dinner.
Somebody stole my bag.
Tom is glad Mary is back.
I guess I'm just tired.
I wish that I'd asked Tom.
I've got a sore throat.
I'm baking a cake for Tom.
I think I should resign.
I bet that Tom won't agree.
I wish that I had a job.
I hope that Tom isn't busy.
I want someone to help me.
Tom is even older than Mary.
Someone stole my suitcase.
I hope that Tom isn't asleep.
Someone stole my umbrella.
I wish I'd asked Tom to help.
I wish that I'd asked Tom to help.
Somebody stole my umbrella.
Somebody stole my suitcase.
I want somebody to help me.
I think that I should resign.
I wish I'd asked Tom.
I guess that I'm just tired.
Tom is glad that Mary is back.
Tom is cooking dinner for us.
Tom is even lazier than Mary.
There isn't much food left.
Tom is even older than Mary is.
There's not much food left.
Tom is going to cook us dinner.
Tom is going to cook dinner for us.
Tom said he was glad he'd come.
Tom said that he was glad he'd come.
I think that it's not necessary to do that.
I think it isn't necessary to do that.
I think that it isn't necessary to do that.
I'm working for my uncle.
I'm up to my ears in debt.
I'm sure that Tom is clever.
I'm sure Tom is clever.
I'm sure that Tom will leave early.
I've been taking bassoon lessons from Tom's uncle.
I'm still not very happy.
I'm reluctant to visit Tom.
I'm really happy about that.
When was the last time that you read a bedtime story to your children?
I'm off to Australia tomorrow.
Look at that flower over there.
I'm going to read this book on the airplane.
I'm going fishing with Tom.
I'm not good at singing country music.
I'm eating a sandwich that Tom made for me.
I'm comfortable in French.
I'm eating a sandwich Tom made for me.
I'd never do that to anyone.
I wish I'd asked Tom to help me.
I start work at nine o'clock.
Tom is at least as rich as Mary.
Tom is even lazier than Mary is.
I'd never do that to anybody.
I didn't get the raise I asked for.
I know for sure Tom won't be there.
I've been told honey is good for you.
Tom is at least as rich as Mary is.
I didn't get the raise that I asked for.
I've been told that honey is good for you.
Tom says he's feeling a lot better.
I think we're getting close to solving this mystery.
I wish that I'd asked Tom to help me.
Tom says that he's feeling a lot better.
I think that we're getting close to solving this mystery.
I know for sure that Tom won't be there.
He joined us as fourth one.
I'm not good at singing the blues.
I'm ashamed to admit it.
I'm going to be on that train, too.
I'm going to be on the same train as Tom.
I'm going to be on the same train as Tom is.
Tom sings better than I do.
Tom ate at an all-you-can-eat restaurant.
Tom acted like he wasn't interested in Mary at all.
Tom acted like he wasn't interested in Mary.
When Tom opened his locker, all his books fell out.
When Tom opened his locker, all of his books fell out.
Tom is the smartest person that I've ever met.
Tom is the funniest person that I've ever met.
Tom didn't agree immediately.
Tom didn't agree right away.
Tom acted like he wasn't interested.
That's not important to me.
That isn't important to me.
What kind of tea is this?
The door was closed, but it wasn't locked.
Tom and Mary stared at each other for a few seconds.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love with you anymore.
I wished that it would last forever.
I wished that it could last forever.
I must've left it at school.
I must've left it at home.
You should've started with simpler questions.
You guys haven't eaten yet, have you?
What makes you think I don't want to go?
What made you think I didn't want to go?
What makes you think that I don't want to go?
What made you think that I didn't want to go?
Is there something you'd like to ask me?
We're looking for work.
We're looking for jobs.
When did you start going out with your girlfriend?
It took us three hours to come to this conclusion.
There's no need for you to rush.
There isn't any need for you to rush.
The slaves were finally given their freedom.
What would you do if the world were going to end tomorrow?
Why does Tom go to that school?
I can't really do that today.
Tom is very good-looking, isn't he?
I couldn't turn down the job.
Tom can't do that for Mary.
I did that just a moment ago.
I live in the apartment below Tom's.
I didn't always believe that.
I didn't beat around the bush.
There will be no coup d'etat in Algeria.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika decided to stay for another five years but he resigned in April 2019.
Algeria is a country that already suffers from corruption.
Algeria is a large African nation.
Algeria's political elite is corrupt.
Algeria is considered a true paradise on earth.
Algeria is not a poor country.
Algeria isn't just any country.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was aspiring to be reelected.
Algeria's constitutional council was, in fact, controlled by President Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
Algeria will not be a dictatorship.
In the presidential election, everything pointed to Bouteflika's victory.
Algeria's head of state Abdelkader Bensalah called for new presidential elections.
Are Algerian elections actually rigged?
Algerians are tired of their government's authoritarian behavior.
In Algeria, women, children, and elderly people are taking part in the massive protests organized every Friday in all the cities of the country.
Algeria's massive marches are a major defeat for the separatists and the Islamists.
Can Algeria be rescued from becoming a failed state?
Algeria will never become a failed state.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika became president in 1999.
Algeria still has some serious economic problems.
Algeria has a relatively low homicide rate.
Algeria still has serious problems.
Things will improve in Algeria.
Algeria has created a new special police force called the BRI.
Algerians are tired of controlling institutions.
Algeria is facing difficult problems.
A democratic transition in Algeria is very difficult.
Said Bouteflika is the brother of former Algerian president Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
Bribery is common in Algeria.
Algerians are tired of the corrupt economic oligarchy.
Algeria has a certain importance for the United States.
Algeria is facing an enormous crisis.
China has invested significant money in Algeria.
There is no American military base in Algeria.
Things can change in Algeria.
It seems that things are changing in Algeria.
Algeria should become the safest country in North Africa.
Algeria is a country full of contradictions.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was in power between and 2019.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was in power for two decades.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was in power for twenty years.
In Algeria, the population living under the poverty line is getting smaller and smaller every year.
The man you see on the screen is Abdelaziz Bouteflika, Algeria's former president.
Algerians don't want an Islamist regime.
What did Abdelaziz Bouteflika do when he was in power?
In 2018, Algeria started printing money like there was no tomorrow.
Algeria needs a stable and sustainable economy.
Algeria is holding new presidential elections this July.
In 1999, Bouteflika returned to the Algerian government.
Algeria guarantees universal access to healthcare and education.
Algeria needs more business-friendly laws.
Algeria needs to attract foreign investors.
Algeria needs special economic zones.
The level of street violence is relatively insignificant in Algeria.
Noureddine Bedoui's government has no popular support.
Algeria is going through dire straights.
It seems that the Algerian government doesn't know how to react to the massive protests currently taking place in the country.
Algeria should become the most peaceful country in North Africa.
Algerians feel betrayed by former president Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
In Algeria, it's hard to offer a real alternative to the official power.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika stepped down from power in April 2019.
I wanna learn more about Algeria.
Algeria managed to become a middle-income country.
However we look at it, Algeria is a very special country.
Algeria is very special.
Algeria needs to develop a differentiated tourism industry.
Algeria needs to reverse deforestation.
Algeria promotes literacy including in the Berber language.
Algeria should promote the creation of new types of businesses.
Algeria is facing very complicated challenges.
Algeria is facing challenges that threaten its stability.
Algeria is facing challenges that threaten its prosperity.
Algeria is in a delicate situation.
Algeria faces several serious problems.
Algeria is relatively a safe and quiet country.
Algerian Islamists have a very radical discourse.
Algeria needs a new president who would get the country back on track.
Is Algeria a model to follow?
Algeria is changing really fast.
Algeria became an independent country in 1962.
Algerians are proud of their country.
Algeria needs to achieve democracy.
Algeria needs to emerge from the developing world to become an regional economic power.
There is a lot of distrust and resentment between Algeria and Morocco.
Algeria wants to gain political influence in the region.
Bollywood is quite popular in Algeria.
Algeria's massive protests occupy every front page.
Tensions between Algeria and Morocco increased.
I need a map of Algeria.
Algeria has been strengthenting its political ties with China.
Algeria's military superiority over Libya is overwhelming.
Relations between Russia and Algeria have become very close.
Algeria and Morocco have a tense relationship.
Algeria is a North African country with a Muslim majority.
He's also from Algeria.
She opened a bank account in Algeria.
Many in Algeria prefer to keep their money at home.
Islamic banking is becoming more and more important in Algeria.
Does Islamic banking have a future in Algeria?
What's Islamic banking all about?
What's Islamic banking?
Is Islamic banking good?
What's the difference between Western banking and Islamic banking?
According to sharia law, lending money with an interest rate is sinful.
Are there Islamic banks in Algeria?
Algerian banks have to be transparent.
He wants to get a loan from an Islamic bank.
When did Islamic banking arrive in Algeria?
Algeria created new regulations on the matter of Islamic banking.
What is wrong with Islamic banking?
Islamic terrorism is a real threat to Algeria.
Does Algeria need to create a technocratic government?
Something has become to change in Algeria.
Algeria is located in Africa.
Algeria is a huge country.
Things are going well in Algeria.
Will Algeria become free and prosperous?
Could Algeria get back on the right path?
Algeria is about the size of France, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands all combined together.
Running water reaches most of Algeria's population.
Will Algeria become a role model for North Africa?
Things have been going from bad to worse in Algeria.
In April 1999, Abdelaziz Bouteflika become the president of Algeria.
Bouteflika was forced to resign and leave through the back door in 2019.
Is life in Algeria a nightmare?
Is a democratic transition possible in Algeria?
Every since Bouteflika came to power in 1999, corruption has been multiplied.
Will the new Algerian government change things?
Algeria needs to fight corruption.
Algeria needs to attract new investment.
Is Algeria going to the abyss?
Will Algeria continue on its path to the abyss?
Morocco is Algeria's biggest regional rival.
Morocco is Algeria's biggest rival in the region.
Morocco is Algeria's biggest rival in the North African region.
The National Liberation Front party is know for its lust for power.
The National Liberation Front party has no clear ideology.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika ran for office five times.
Is Algeria on the brink of becoming a new Venezuela?
Algeria has plenty of natural resources.
Algeria has almost medieval institutions.
Algeria has stone-age institutions.
Algeria has Soviet-era institutions.
Algeria has corrupt institutions.
Algeria needs a degree turnaround for its institutions.
Is Algeria in a failed state situation?
Algerians need significant improvements in their day-to-day lives.
For running for a fifth mandate, Bouteflika damaged his own credibility.
In Algeria, ex-prime minister Ahmed Ouyahia is the man you would love to hate.
Bouteflika was a member of the National Liberation Front party.
Bouteflika won the presidency of Algeria in 1999.
Bouteflika was reelected in 2004, 2009, and 2014.
Will the reforms made by Bouteflika be undone?
In Algeria, teachers' unions organize a lot of protests.
Algeria has lots of corrupt politicians.
Naima Salhi should lose her legal immunity.
Naima Salhi, an Algerian deputy known for her extremely anti-Berber racist views should lose her legal immunity.
Naima Salhi, a pseudo-Islamist Algerian deputy, known for her extremely anti-Berber racist statements, should have her legal immunity lifted.
Naima Salhi, a pseudo-Islamist Algerian deputy, known for her extremely anti-Berber racist statements, should have her legal immunity revoked.
Algeria has a corrupt business elite.
It's hard to do business in Algeria.
Algeria is the biggest country in Africa.
Algeria is still a poor country.
Algeria's investment rate is increasing.
Algeria is one of the least-indebted countries in the whole world.
Algeria needs to use its public funds responsibly.
Algeria needs to reach a political consensus.
Can Algeria teach other countries a valuable lesson?
This is one of the most interesting things about Algeria.
Algeria's economic growth has slowed down.
Algeria paid its debt in the early 2000's.
Algeria's public deficit has gone through the roof.
Ahmed Ouyahia started to print more money.
In the 1990's, terrorist groups were causing tens of thousands of deaths across Algeria.
How to end inflation in Algeria?
How to stop inflation in Algeria?
Is the crisis Algeria is facing similar to Venezuela's?
Algeria needs a strong plan of reforms.
Algeria needs to slow down inflation.
Stability is Algeria's main priority.
Algeria should set up an ambitious program to attract foreign investors.
You were doing this before.
Algeria needs a decentralization of power.
Algeria needs a fiscal transparency law.
Bouteflika's regime was authoritarian.
Is there a way out in Algeria?
Why is Algeria still a poor country today?
The challenges that Algeria faces today are many.
There is a relatively low level of crime in Algeria.
In 1999, Abdelaziz Bouteflika was elected as the new president of Algeria.
Algeria needs to remove unnecessary bureaucratic regulations.
Algeria is a young nation with an average age of 27.5.
Algeria is famous for its desert.
Algeria is famous for its beautiful desert.
I greeted him.
Algeria needs to preserve its environment.
Cars have become expensive in Algeria.
Are Tesla cars sold in Algeria?
Algeria is a pretty amazing place.
Will Algeria become a really wealthy country?
Algeria needs to decrease public spending.
Algeria's welfare state does not come cheap.
Algeria depends so much on its income from the oil.
Algeria needs to use its oil money to diversify its economy.
Algeria has made so much money with the oil industry.
Algeria has wasted a lot of money.
Algeria needs to replace its oil income with income from a diversified economy.
Algeria needs to reduce its public spending.
Is the Algerian government determined to achieve economic diversification?
It seems that the Algerian government is determined to achieve economic diversification.
After the accident, she lost her memory.
Algeria needs to get rid of its dependency on oil.
The Algerian government needs to improve the competitiveness of the country by reducing taxes and bureaucracy.
Does Algeria have a space program?
Algeria is holding presidential elections in July.
How does Algeria's political system work?
Algeria is the biggest country in the region.
Algeria has better relations with Iran.
Algeria is oil-rich.
Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia have a common history.
Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia have a common religion.
Algeria has a constitution and a parliament.
Will Algeria become a 100% democratic country?
Does Algeria have freedom of religion?
Hijab is not mandatory in Algeria.
They don't get along with each other.
He loves his dad.
Give her a tight hug for me.
Algerians are open to Western culture.
Algeria has nomads.
Algeria has nomadic tribes.
Algeria holds presidential elections every five years.
The Algerian political system is complicated.
Algeria should dissolve its current parliament.
Will it be hard to get a consensus in Algeria?
During the last two decades, Algeria had so much money that it could spend like there was no tomorrow.
What's going to happen now in Algeria?
The spending of the Algerian government is higher than its income.
Algerians don't want to go bankrupt.
Algeria's economy shouldn't rely entirely on oil.
Algeria should be better prepared for the post-oil era.
Is Algeria compatible with radical economic reform?
He wants to start a logistics company in Algeria.
Bureaucracy has reached insane levels in Algeria.
Will Algeria emerge as a regional leader?
Algeria needs to have an open and democratic system.
Things are much better in Algeria.
Do you want to learn more about Algeria?
We love talking about Algeria.
This could contribute a lot to the development of Algeria.
Is Algeria really a huge powder keg ready to blow?
Is Algeria an emerging regional power?
We need to take into consideration the situation in Algeria.
What's Algeria's worst nightmare?
Algeria and Morocco maintain a bitter conflict over the independence of Western Sahara.
Morocco is concerned about Algeria's emergence.
Does Algeria need to establish a new constitution?
Everything will change in Algeria.
How does Algeria face these threats?
Algeria is facing new threats.
How is Algeria responding to this threat?
Who wants to stop Algeria's growing influence in the region?
Will Algeria compete with France for African markets?
Ali Ghediri was a candidate for the Algerian presidency.
The friendship between France and Algeria runs very, very deep.
Algeria is arming.
The Algerian army is larger than the army of Tunisia.
Algeria's investment in defense is still high.
Algeria has a relatively well trained army.
Algeria has Russian-made fighters.
Algeria wants to start a new military industry.
Many Algerian immigrants have settled in Canada.
Naima Salhi wants to destroy Algeria's national identity.
Political instability could make Algeria lose its economic momentum.
He simply packed up and moved to Algeria.
Will Algeria develop in the upcoming years?
Is there a reason to worry about Algeria's current situation?
Let's have a look at the Algerian map.
Algeria is managing to attract more investors from China and Turkey.
Can Algeria become a technological powerhouse?
He opened a business in Algeria.
He started a startup in Algeria.
He set up a startup in Algeria.
This bus is made in Algeria.
Many Algerian emigrants are educated.
During the 1990's, many Algerians came to France.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika is the most powerful politician that Algeria has had in the last four decades.
Algeria doesn't recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Algeria doesn't recognize Israel's annexation of the Syrian Golan Heights.
Algeria doesn't consider Hamas as a terrorist organization.
Algeria buys weapons from Russia.
No one should be immune to justice in Algeria.
Algeria is undergoing one of its worst recessions.
Will Algeria become a prosperous country?
Does Algeria have high taxes?
The Algerian government should improve the country's competitiveness.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika's first mandate was between and 2004.
The Algeria of the 1980's resembled Gorbachev's Soviet Union.
Algerians want less bureaucracy.
Algerians are fed up of bureaucracy.
Algerians are fed up of Soviet-era bureaucracy.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika held office for twenty years.
Algerian society recognizes Abdelaziz Bouteflika as having made Algeria a safer country.
Algeria's relations with Iran are better than ever.
Algeria established good relations with India.
Algerians have many reasons to be proud of their country.
Do you think Abdelaziz Bouteflika was a good leader for Algeria?
What's the longest bridge in Algeria?
An Algerian company won the contract.
A major earthquake hit Algeria in 2003.
This area of Algeria is known for its frequent landslides.
This area of Algeria is prone to landslides.
Algeria built a freeway that links Tunisia directly to Morocco.
The Algerian town of Tizi-Ouzou is in the mountainous region of Kabylie.
Let's take the old road across Kabylie.
Algeria has many huge concrete factories.
The Algerian East-West Freeway was a major challenge to build.
Will Algeria become a major tourist destination?
Kabylie, Algeria, is incredibly beautiful.
Algeria's economy is developing.
This contract is null and void.
Don't ever lie to me.
Are you drunk? Don't drive.
Anonymity allows people to say anything.
I can't be angry with her.
We are partners.
I'm focused.
Algeria is situated in a seismically active area.
My mother has arrived.
I love learning Berber.
I learn a new Berber dialect every two years.
I spent years trying to learn Berber without gaining fluency.
I spent years learning Berber.
I learned Berber much faster than Yidir.
He's a Berber-language lover.
I met Yidir from Algeria and he taught me Berber.
He learns Berber every day.
He's a Berber native speaker.
I also met Yidir from Algeria.
He added me on Skype to learn Berber.
He replied in Berber.
He learned Berber on Skype.
They are having a conversation in Berber.
What's the best method to learn Berber.
Do you have a list of the most frequent words in Berber?
He has a unique way of how he learns Berber.
I was listening to Berber songs.
Do you have Berber nursery rhymes?
I had fun learning Berber.
I made flashcards to learn Berber words.
I use different methods to learn Berber.
I enjoyed learning Berber.
Has Harry Potter been translated into Berber?
He started speaking Berber and I didn't understand almost anything at the beginning.
He started speaking Berber and I didn't understand almost a single word.
I didn't realize he was speaking in Berber.
I want to learn Berber on YouTube.
I talk to myself in Berber.
I have an imaginary friend with whom I speak Berber.
To practice my Berber, I invented an imaginary friend I would usually talk to in Berber.
I use an app to learn Berber.
I want to learn Berber fluently.
If you want to learn Berber fluently, you will need a bit of patience.
I can use Berber fluently.
I can use Berber freely and fluently to express anything.
I learned Berber within months.
He could not speak Berber.
He's able to speak Berber fluently.
He learned Berber by himself.
He struggled for twenty years to learn Berber.
He started learning Berber.
He tried to learn Berber.
He learned Berber fluently.
The language I'm speaking is Berber.
Berber is official in Algeria.
More Algerian Arabic speakers are learning Berber.
Why should we learn Berber?
In Berber, the word for truth is feminine.
He's a Berber speaker.
It's hard not to love Berber.
He speaks Berber natively.
He speaks Berber.
He speaks Berber as well.
He's a Berber speaker, too.
The Berber language unites us.
Why learn Berber?
They have to speak Berber.
He speaks Berber slowly.
He has to speak Berber.
She speaks Berber.
He gave Yidir lessons in Berber.
What do Berber and Arabic have in common?
Berber's word order is sometimes different from that of English.
You have to master Berber.
Have you ever learned any Berber?
It's not easy to teach yourself Berber.
I have to go to Berber class.
He taught himself Berber.
He learns Berber all the time.
He learns Berber every morning.
I highly recommend that you learn Berber.
I started learning Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
Everyone speaks Berber in this hotel.
Can you write Berber?
I heard him speak Berber.
When I hear her speak Berber, I cringe.
Who is not a native Berber speaker here?
He speaks three languages, including Berber.
She started learning Berber.
He started explaining in Berber.
She's fluent in Berber.
Berber is part of my subconscious.
I'm comfortable thinking in Berber.
I'm comfortable communicating in Berber.
I was born to a Berber speaking mother.
Berber and Arabic are separate languages.
This was pretty helpful in learning Berber.
This helped me a lot in learning Berber.
Speaking Berber in Algeria could have huge advantages.
I'm a Berber native speaker and I feel at home in any Berber speaking region.
I can communicate in Berber.
I want to reach fluency in Berber.
He knows how to speak Berber.
I need to improve my Berber pronunciation.
It can take a very long time to learn Berber.
I don't know this Berber expression.
I have the opposite opinion.
Don't change this paragraph. Tom's grammatical errors are an important component of his style.
Discipline is the most important component of success.
We're trying to stay up to date.
"I carelessly soiled myself on the Ferris wheel." "You're already an old man."
Do you have time for me?
Have time for me as well.
You never know when you get to use a foreign language you learnt.
Will Algeria manage to change its luck?
Will Algeria become an economic powerhouse?
Algeria suffered a lot during the liberation war.
Things have really changed in Algeria.
Algeria needs to completely change its model.
Algeria has a population of forty million inhabitants.
This won't affect Algeria at all.
Young Algerian people want to emigrate to Europe.
What does Algeria need in order to grow?
How will Algeria achieve democracy?
In the 1970s and 1980s, political repression was harsh in Algeria.
Algeria needs to set its democratic transition in motion.
Algeria needs to shred the entire socialist fabric and replace it with a capitalist model.
People are able to set up private businesses in Algeria.
Which economic model has Algeria to follow?
Algeria needs to achieve a democratic transition in a very short period of time.
Will Algeria become an industrial powerhouse?
Algeria needs institutions that attract a lot of foreign investment.
Will Algeria manage to make its educational system work?
Algeria is a fairly conservative country.
Algeria needs to become an export power.
He decided to stay in Algeria.
He decided to settle in Algeria.
His country of origin is Algeria.
He wants to leave Algeria.
Not everything is so great in Algeria.
Algeria doesn't have an aging problem.
Do you think Turkey is a good model for Algeria to follow?
Finally we are out of Algeria.
You don't need to speak Berber to know what these words mean.
The name Algeria comes from "Al-Jazair" which means "islands" in Arabic. The country is named after its capital city which, in turn, was named after four little islands that were located a few dozens of yards off the coast of the old city of Algiers. It was the Berber dynasty of the Zirids that made Algiers the capital of their kingdom in the 10th century AD.
Some areas of Algeria are rich in biodiversity.
Algeria has many national parks.
Algeria should ban recreational hunting in its desert areas.
Will the tourism industry explode in Algeria in the next few years?
You refer to someone from Algeria as an Algerian.
Berber speakers in Algeria don't consider themselves as the members of separate ethnic groups.
He speaks Berber fluently.
A word that you most likely find only in Algeria is "entik" and it means "fine."
Algeria has military forces.
Algeria has a high literacy rate.
Algeria is relatively economically stable.
Algeria knows how to get along with other nations.
Algeria needs to act as a link between Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.
Algeria doesn't recognize Kosovo as an independent state.
China is building a huge stadium in Baraki, south of Algiers.
Yidir is a real Algerian.
Do you know the best way to anger an Algerian?
Algeria plays a huge powerful role in the North African stage.
The vast majority of Algerians live in the north of the country.
Berber and Arabic are the official languages of Algeria.
Algiers is the most densely populated district in Algeria.
Many Algerians keep goldfinches as pets.
He has Berber roots.
Can you do the Kabyle accent?
Berbers speak Berber.
Algeria enjoys relative economic stability.
In the 1990s, various Islamist groups fought against the Algerian government to establish a radical Islamic state.
Algeria is not diplomatically isolated.
Algeria and Morocco are geographically and culturally like fraternal twins.
Is Algeria France's biggest ally in Africa?
Algeria is an African nation.
There are many Syrian refugees in Algeria.
How important is Algeria to France?
Lots of things have changed in Algeria.
Algeria is emerging as a new regional power.
We can't deny that Algeria is changing.
Is Algeria a valuable friend to France?
Ahmed Ouyahia was Algeria's prime minister at the time.
Algerian troops are able to quickly deploy in any part of the national territory in the event of an armed conflict with a neighboring country.
Algeria has a large naval base in the west of the country.
Algeria has carried out a significant renovation of its military equipment, purchasing billions of dollars of Russian military materiel.
Algeria and Morocco are culturally similar.
What do the Algerians want?
China is one of Algeria's largest trade partners.
Thousands of Chinese tourists visit Algeria every year.
Many Algerians think that Algeria should keep some distance from the Gulf countries.
Algeria wants to increase its influence in the region to protect its interests.
Algerians aren't afraid of the "Chinese dragon."
France is still one of the largest investors in Algeria.
He bought land in Algeria.
Is Algeria going to turn into a capitalist country?
Houari Boumediene ruled Algeria with an iron fist.
One thing is certain: Algeria is changing.
Is now a good time to invest in Algeria?
Algeria needs a free market economy.
Algeria needs to open up its economy.
Algeria is relatively poor.
Algeria needs to attract investors.
Algeria's economy needs to start growing fast.
A similar thing might happen in Algeria.
Before considering investing in Algeria, it's very important what's going on in the country.
Algeria's economy is directed by the government.
In the 1980's, almost everyone in Algeria was working for the government.
In Alegria, Bouteflika came to power in 1999.
In the 1980s, oil prices collapsed. So did the Algerian economy.
The Algerian government needs to change a lot of things in the country.
She started a business in Algeria.
What's the name economic center of Algeria?
This foreign company has been operating in Algeria since 2001.
The hotel is owned by the Algerian government.
It's very difficult to predict exactly what's going to happen in Algeria.
That's going to be bad news for investors who are investing money in Algeria.
Is Algeria going to become some sort of a free market paradise?
Does Algeria need to follow the model of Turkey?
In the early 1990s, Algeria abandoned the socialist-based economic system.
Algeria wants to maintain its economic and political independence.
Algeria needs to open up its economic to the wide world.
There is a lot of corruption in Algeria.
Algeria is suffering from record inflation.
Let's go back to Algeria.
In France, we have more than two million Algerians living.
We want Algeria to become a place with rule of law.
We want Algeria to become a place with civil rights.
We want Algeria to become a place with many opportunities for Algerians to lift themselves from poverty.
Algeria needs reforms and they need to be done right.
Algeria managed to reduce its poverty rate.
The Algerian government needs to use public funds responsibly.
Algeria had to borrow money from the IMF in the 1990s.
In the 1990s, the Islamist terrorist groups were causing thousands of deaths across Algeria.
In the 1990s, there was plenty of violence in Algeria.
Algeria needs a strong plan of economic stabilization.
Algeria needs an ambitious program to privatize public utilities.
Does Algeria need to privatize its public utilities?
Does Algeria need to put its public utilities into private hands?
Algeria needs budgetary stability.
Algeria needs fiscal transparency.
In Algeria, there is a sharp difference between the living standards in different regions.
It's relatively easy to set up small-or-medium sized enterprises in Algeria.
Algerian and Moroccan relations are in a state of crisis.
Algeria should open up to the outside world.
Algeria has petroleum and natural gas.
Algeria needs to reform its financial sector.
Algerians love German cars so much.
This could profoundly weaken the Algerian economy.
Algeria needs to improve its infrastructure.
Algeria is interested in China's Belt and Road Initiative.
Algeria is investing money in strategic sectors.
Russia has increased its arms sales to Algeria.
Algeria's influence in the region can't be stopped.
Algeria's military development can't be restricted.
Algeria will benefit substantially from China's Belt and Road Initiative.
Russia is Algeria's main arms supplier.
Algeria needs economic reforms.
Algeria imports almost everything from abroad.
Algeria's imbalance between imports and exports is quite significant.
The Algerian army is more than capable to handle the country's security.
That's exactly what's happening in Algeria.
Algeria's financial resources are shrinking.
In Algeria, almost everything is dependent on the president.
Algeria needs to return to an institution-based system.
The political landscape in Algeria is changing.
Algeria's oligarch Ali Haddad was detained in April 2019.
In Algeria, the political situation is so tense that it could fall into chaos if it is left unaddressed.
Algeria is suspicious of Saudi and Qatari influence in the Maghreb region.
Is Bouteflika's highly centralized administration bad for Algeria?
The Algerian government is highly disfunctional.
Algeria doesn't have a true political opposition.
The situation in Algeria could spiral out of control.
Algeria's government is too centralized.
Algeria needs to carry out radical reforms.
Does Algeria need a major political purge?
Algeria's presidential election is scheduled for July 4.
Are the current political reforms in Algeria going to lead to genuine change?
Will a decentralized Algeria be a threat to the territorial integrity of the country?
Algeria is experiencing a recession.
Will social unrest increase in Algeria?
Geopolitically, Algeria looks like a besieged fortress.
Algeria is a country of continental proportions.
How does this affect Algeria?
I want to understand the geopolitics of Algeria.
Even in Kabylie itself, various Berber dialects are spoken. Mainstream Kabyle is spoken in the eastern part of the region, while various Berber dialects like Tasahlit and a variant of Shawi are spoken in the far-eastern part of Kabylie.
Algeria is unique and has its unique problems.
Algeria is officially a republic.
Should Algeria become a federation?
Should Algeria have a federal government?
Algeria and Morocco are regional rivals.
Algeria and Morocco are potential rivals.
Is Morocco a significant threat to Algeria?
Is instability in Libya a significant threat to Algeria?
Algeria has many internal conflicts.
We're witnessing a surge in Algerian nationalism.
We're witnessing an unprecedented surge in Algerian nationalism.
Algeria is facing many external threats.
Does this pose a significant threat to Algeria?
Algeria's desert regions are very sparsely populated.
Algeria faces many political risks.
Algeria needs radical economic and political reforms.
Algeria needs a more efficient form of bureaucracy.
Algeria needs a more efficient form of government.
Algeria needs to acquire more advanced military technology.
What can Algeria do to help Libya?
Algeria needs to repair its relations with Morocco.
We're trying to keep up with the times.
I scanned the old book.
Algeria needs to deal with this challenge.
In Algeria, building the East-West Freeway was a monumental undertaking.
The Algerian regime is facing a crucial test.
In Algeria, the moment of truth has come.
Will Algeria suffer the same fate as Syria?
There will be no civil war in Algeria.
Algeria is continents away from us.
Something is changing in Algeria.
Something has changed in Algeria.
Sky is masculine in Berber.
Sky is grammatically masculine in Berber.
He speaks different languages, including Berber.
Can Berber go extinct?
Can you teach me how to swear in Berber?
Can you teach me Berber swearwords?
I have been helping Yidir to speak better Berber.
He has a very low level of Berber.
He can communicate very well in Berber.
I was teaching Berber at that time.
My daughter at that time was taking Berber lessons.
What's their attitude towards Berber?
They absolutely hated Berber.
She dreaded going to Berber lessons.
He's a bad Berber speaker.
He speaks Berber with confidence.
I became very interested in Berber.
I became very interested in the Berber language.
I have to buy a Berber dictionary.
There are many Berber dictionaries and I don't know which one to buy.
Which Berber dictionary do I get?
She speaks Berber very quickly.
I have no idea which Berber dictionary I have to buy.
Her Berber level is very low.
I have been in Algeria a long time.
My Berber is not as good as it used to be.
Why is Berber important to the future of Algeria?
The text is written in Berber.
How many of you can speak Berber?
He's completely fluent in Berber.
Do you dream in Berber?
Being fluent in Berber is a good thing.
He studied Berber in school.
I remember who much I struggled to learn Berber.
I don't use such words.
I started learning Berber at ten.
He started speaking in Berber and I couldn't understand half a word of what he was telling me.
Learning Berber is hard and it takes a lot of effort.
I want to achieve native-like fluency in Berber.
He was able to achieve native fluency in Berber in just six months.
He's really good at speaking Berber.
He's learning Arabic and Berber at the same time.
Do they agree to our conditions?
Both his parents were native Berber speakers.
Some of these sounds are specific to Berber.
There's one condition.
There is nothing I hate more than French-Berber or Arabic-Berber code switching.
He combines French and Berber. It's called code switching and there is nothing I hate more than that.
I remembered I was late and stepped on the gas.
I hate mixing Berber with another language.
I rarely hear him speaking Berber.
I hate French-Berber or Arabic-Berber code mixing.
He's fully fluent in both Arabic and Berber.
Teaching Berber to your kids won't slow their French language learning down.
I started learning Berber from a very young age.
He's not a native speaker of Berber.
He learned Berber by watching television.
He was able to learn some Berber words.
He's fully competent in Berber.
He started learning Berber from a very young age.
He learned Berber when he was a kid.
I began learning Berber at age seven.
Can you read the Tifinagh alphabet?
I took Berber for four years.
I wanted to be a Berber teacher.
I sang in Berber.
The contract was written in Berber.
I don't speak any Berber.
He learned Berber that way.
He moved to Bejaia, Algeria, to pursue a degree in Berber.
He cheated on the Berber test.
He wasn't familiar with Berber.
Berber is my fourth language.
You need to take a placement test in Berber.
I need to study Berber grammar.
I did really well in my Berber placement test.
I cheated on my Berber placement test.
We're learning Berber.
This will be your Berber vocabulary for the week.
They were chanting something in Berber.
He started speaking in Berber and everyone was staring at him.
What's the Berber word for camera?
Everyone was chanting something in Berber.
I had six days of Berber class a week.
I reviewed my Berber vocabulary flashcards.
What's the Berber word for dog?
She started speaking to me in Berber.
I was speaking and thinking in Berber.
He was fully fluent in Berber.
He started writing a book in Berber.
In 2014, I learned Berber.
Please tell your story in Berber.
He says he doesn't have time to learn Berber.
The rest of the talk will be in Berber.
I'm from Algeria.
He inspired me to learn Berber.
I can't bear to see animals suffering.
Berber is fascinating.
I can't bear to see animals suffer.
Berber has been spoken in North Africa for the last years.
I'm learning a language called Berber.
I love Berber like some people love music.
Learning Berber isn't as difficult as learning Latin.
Berber is a rich language.
Berber is rich.
Berber is a sophisticated language that allows you to express wonderful nuances.
French-Berber code switching could pidginize Berber and ultimately kill it.
Teach him how to introduce himself in Berber.
In linguistics, the term "aspect" refers to the way an action denoted by a verb extends over time.
The English sound /sh/ is spelt with "c" in Berber.
I went to Algeria and met some speakers of Berber.
In linguistics, "conjugation" refers to the production of forms of a verb.
"Bgayet" is the Berber name of the Algerian city of Bejaia.
He speaks Berber regularly.
He's learning Berber.
We speak Berber.
We moved to Algeria.
By not teaching Berber to their kids, they severed them from their cultural heritage.
Imagine an Algeria where everyone can speak Berber.
Why don't you learn Berber?
How can we learn Berber?
He was studying Berber.
I asked him to teach us Berber.
He agreed to teach us Berber.
I have been studying Berber since I was a kid.
I came to Algeria to learn Berber.
Learning Berber will change your life.
Learning Berber in Kabylie has practical benefits.
The sooner you start learning Berber, the better.
He quickly mastered Berber.
He has his own reasons for learning Berber.
He's making progress in Berber.
He didn't speak a word of Berber.
Eventually I learned Berber.
I lived in Algeria for four years.
He learned Berber.
You can teach yourself Berber.
He's beginner in Berber.
I taught Berber.
She's learning Berber.
They hired someone who speaks Berber.
I gave her a free Berber language placement test.
He started learning Berber at an early age.
He started learning Berber early.
What do you need to learn Berber?
They're learning Berber.
He teaches Berber.
Berber is not as complicated as Latin.
Berber can change your life.
I'm ready to learn Berber.
Berber grammar isn't as complicated as that of Finnish.
He kept on learning Berber.
He loves learning Berber.
Do you believe you can learn Berber?
She's a Berber teacher.
In Kabylie, Algeria, everyone speaks Berber.
A naive peasant told a crooked merchant who wanted to sell him a deformed beast: "Even if I did not understand everything and that I know you to pass some junk, there is no question that I take the one who has the crooked mouth!"
Cormorants are waterbirds.
Where's the blouse that I bought you?
Where's the blouse that I bought for you?
Where's the blouse I bought for you?
Tom says that he was fired.
I want you to stop calling me Tom.
I didn't eat breakfast today.
I told Tom who to give that to.
Why does Tom like wearing hats?
I don't blame you personally.
Tom is very hypocritical, isn't he?
I don't expect that to occur.
Tom drove Mary to the bank.
I don't have any clean socks.
I stole some apples from Tom's tree.
I don't like opera very much.
Tom has a smart dog.
I don't want to buy that bag.
I don't want to make excuses.
I tried to warn Tom about that.
I doubt if it really matters.
Why does Tom like working here?
I drink a lot of fruit juice.
Tom is really intimidating, isn't he?
I figured out how to do that.
Tom has been coaching Mary.
I just don't like you.
You're fond of elephants.
Foreigners who live in Japan are judged according to Japanese laws.
Berber is a really hard language.
Is Algeria facing an existential threat?
I never watch Algerian political talk shows.
Algeria should reduce dependence on foreign technology.
The patient lies on deathbed.
Algeria manufactures military armored cars.
Algeria is open to investment from China.
Algeria should protect its essential interests.
Algeria has the right to protect its essential interests in the region.
What are Algeria's essential interests in the region?
What's going on in Algeria is pretty hard to understand.
Algeria needs Chinese investments.
Algeria needs Chinese money.
China needs Algerian oil.
Is oil a curse for Algeria?
You already know what's going on in Algeria.
The offer is valid until 12.31.and available only on the web.
In the 1990s, there were so many Islamist armed groups in Algeria.
Almost everybody has a mobile phone in Algeria.
Mobiles phones aren't expensive in Algeria.
Is Algerian oil easy to extract?
What will be the consequence for Algeria?
Algeria sells oil and gas.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika had to resign in April 2019.
Abdelkader Bensalah, Algeria's head of state, called for new presidential elections.
Algeria has enormous natural wealth.
If you want to learn more about Algeria, subscribe to our YouTube channel.
This Berber book is easy to read.
Every year, thousands of Algerian pilgrims go to Saudi Arabia to visit Mecca.
Algeria has a Christian population.
Algeria has a growing Christian population.
In Algeria, times are changing.
Times are changing in Algeria.
I have been following the Algerian crisis for a while.
They come from countries like Algeria and Morocco.
Algeria has diplomatic relations with the Vatican.
Most Algerians are Sunni Muslims.
Zinedine Zidane is French of Algerian descent.
Are Christians persecuted in Algeria?
Are there Catholics in Algeria?
Are there churches in Algeria?
Algeria wants to improve its outside image.
Is evangelizing forbidden in Algeria?
The minaret of the Grand Mosque of Algiers can be seen from everywhere in and around the capital city.
Some people call the Grand Mosque of Algiers "Bouteflika's mosque."
Some people say that former Algerian president Abdelaziz Bouteflika wants to be buried in the Grand Mosque of Algiers.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika ruled Algeria with his political clan.
Algeria got its independence in 1962.
Algeria should become a country of liberty.
Is there death penalty in Algeria?
Our electoral manifesto has been translated into Berber.
Do you have a Berber translation of your electoral manifesto?
Is there still hope in Algeria?
Algeria's prime minister Noureddine Bedoui was the interior minister in the government of Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
Islamists are becoming increasingly politically isolated.
Bouteflika's resignation won't be the end of Algeria's problems.
Algeria can either cut its spending or raise its taxes.
Algeria has frozen many state investments.
Algeria needs flexible business policies.
Is Algeria a model for other African countries to follow?
Will this be successful in Algeria?
Can Algerians vote electronically?
Millions of Algerians live abroad.
Do you have an Algerian passport?
Is it easy to establish a company in Algeria?
Do you think other countries will follow the Algerian model?
The Algerian war of liberation killed over a million and a half people.
Over a million and a half Algerians died in the Algerian war of liberation.
Over 200,people died in the Algerian civil war of the 1990s.
Algeria has lots of natural resources.
In Algeria, Condor is famous for its TV's.
Is it difficult to start a company in Algeria?
What's the meaning of this Berber word?
This is an extract from a Berber song.
Things are starting to change in Algeria.
He came back to Algeria, his country of origin.
Was this successful in Algeria?
There is a rising middle class in Algeria.
What's your opinion about the Algerian system?
He wants to impress us with his Berber.
Algeria is located in and dominates the heart of the Maghreb region.
Algeria is divided into administrative districts.
What's Algeria's currency?
Will things get ugly in Algeria?
Algeria is a big country.
Algeria has sparesly populated areas in the south.
Algeria has a vast amount of biodiversity in the north.
Kabylie, a mountainous area in northeastern Algeria, is named after the Kabyles, the Berber-speaking population that lives there.
The Algerian south rarely receives any precipitation.
Algeria officially recognizes two languages: Arabic and Berber.
Tifinagh is the traditional Berber script.
In Algerian schools, Berber is taught in the Latin alphabet.
Algeria is a colossal behemoth to be reckoned with in the Mediterranean region.
Algeria and Morocco don't get along.
China is also a close ally of Algeria.
Everybody has heard of Algeria.
Algeria is big.
Algeria is a big, big country.
Algeria is divided into wilayas.
Algeria's capital is Algiers.
He lives high up in the mountains of Kabylie, Algeria.
Everyone visits Tipasa, in Algeria, for its Roman ruins.
Algeria's history is fascinating.
Algeria has a wide range of landscapes.
Algeria has no active volcanic area.
How many national parks are there in Algeria?
What's your favorite Algerian dish?
Algeria is mostly known for its wonderful Saharan landscapes.
Algeria uses the Algerian dinar as its currency.
Algeria has a population of about forty million.
Algeria's north is very different from its south.
Algerians are proud to be Algerian.
Algerians love Bollywood movies.
Bollywood movies are very popular in Algeria.
Algeria is a really huge country.
Is Algeria moving towards democracy?
Algeria and China hold a high position of respect for each other.
Judaism and Christianity are Middle Eastern religions closely related to Islam.
Every Algerian is sick and tired of hearing this propaganda.
Not this time.
We allowed them no respite.
There was no respite from the cold.
In the mean time God said to Jacob: Arise and go up to Bethel, and dwell there, and make there an altar to God, who appeared to thee when thou didst flee from Esau, thy brother.
I'm not against group sex as long as there aren't any straight men in the group.
Algerians consume a lot of bread.
Algeria can produce solar power.
Some of Algeria's most beautiful forests are to be found in eastern Kabylie.
Algeria uses the Algerian dinar.
Algeria imports almost everything from China.
He went to Algeria to learn Berber.
And Jacob having called together all his household, said: Cast away the strange gods that are among you, and be cleansed, and change your garments.
He doesn't understand Berber.
He can't understand Berber.
He learned Berber really quickly.
She doesn't understand Berber.
I hear to tons of Berber every day.
I already know Berber.
I went to Algeria to study Berber.
Your Berber doesn't have to be perfect.
I have just begun learning Berber.
Berber is now to me.
I need to learn everything about Berber.
It's Berber but I don't understand what it means.
We don't understand Berber.
I know he understands Berber.
He's interested in Berber.
Help me learn Berber.
I will use Berber words that you know.
Try to remember these Berber words.
Arise, and let us go up to Bethel, that we may make there an altar to God; who heard me in the day of my affliction, and accompained me in my journey.
Learning Berber was so much easier for me.
What are you doing on the floor?
What are you doing on the ground?
Berber is new to me.
The word "door" in Berber is "tawwurt."
This sound does not exist in Berber.
Let's read this Berber text.
"Azul" means "hello" in Berber.
"Azul" is "hi" in Berber and "blue" in Spanish.
This is how you spell it in Berber.
How do you spell it in Berber?
Let me teach you how to say it in Berber.
How to say this in the Berber language?
He encouraged me to learn Berber.
He's my Berber teacher.
Berber is an amazing language.
He's speaking to himself in Berber.
Do you use Berber with your kids?
I use Berber every day.
I tried to talk to him in Berber.
Berber is easier to me.
We communicate in Berber.
He speaks a ton of languages, including Berber.
His strongest language is definitely Berber.
There are people in the office who speak Berber.
Berber is their secret language.
Thanks to our secret language, Berber, we can have private conversations at the office.
I speak Berber wherever I go.
He said "tanemmirt" and it means "thank you" in Berber.
I presume you don't speak Berber.
I never spoke Berber.
I have never read a Berber book.
I had to be able to comprehend Berber.
How can I learn Berber in just two weeks?
How are you learning Berber?
I practice Berber as much as I can.
I need to learn Berber effectively.
Try to learn a few Berber phrases.
He wrote the message in Berber.
Does anybody speak Berber here?
He speaks broken Berber.
Like any natural language, Berber is logically structured.
We live in a Berber-speaking society.
We are in a Berber-speaking society.
Berber is useful to me.
I hated Berber.
I couldn't stand Berber.
I hated Berber so much that I couldn't learn a single sentence of it.
He has a job in Algeria and he needs to learn Berber.
You have to be able to speak Berber.
I chose to learn Berber.
I crossed the Tunisian-Algerian border.
Berber is much harder than Spanish.
I have to immerse myself in Berber.
He helped me learn a lot of new Berber words.
I need to practice Berber.
I know it's Berber.
Anyone can learn Berber.
He's fluent in six languages, including Berber.
Berber isn't a dead language.
I started studying Berber.
I can't speak Berber very articulately.
I started taking Berber when I was 14.
I learned the basics of Berber.
I can hear them speaking in Berber.
I try to talk to people in Berber all day.
This book is written in Berber.
Do you understand Berber poetry?
Mary is a public intellectual.
I don't speak Berber that well.
Tom is a public intellectual.
We're having a conversation in Berber.
I want to thank him in Berber.
Berber is a very poetic language.
I don't want to lose my Berber.
I'm going to Berber class.
Berber is struggling to survive.
What Berber words do I need to learn first?
So they gave him all the strange gods they had, and the earrings which were in their ears: and he buried them under the turpentine tree, that is behind the city of Sichem.
And when they were departed, the terror of God fell upon all the cities round about, and they durst not pursue after them as they went away.
Have you known them for a long time?
And Jacob came to Luza, which is in the land of Canaan, surnamed Bethel: he and all the people that were with him.
And he built there an altar, and called the name of that place, The house of God: for there God appeared to him when he fled from his brother.
Sometimes I tell myself: "Stop stuffing your face, Dima!" Then I keep stuffing my face, since I'm not Dima.
Sometimes I say to myself: "Stop gorging yourself, Dima!" Then I keep gorging myself, since I'm not Dima.
"Have you heard of Mary?" "Heard of her? I'm her biggest fan!"
Lay off the pep pills, Mary.
Cats are silly.
Mary's cats are silly.
This movie's hard to watch now.
This movie's hard to watch nowadays.
It's OK to be queer.
Turn left onto Fifth Avenue.
Tom is a housebroken cat.
There's no shoulder on this part of the highway because of road construction.
Capitalism is poverty.
That would be really amazing.
Do I really have to say it?
Do I really need to say it?
Tom is an amazing teacher.
Mary is an amazing teacher.
I hadn't really thought about it.
What was your favorite part of the trip?
That was Tom's favorite part of the trip.
"Judeo-Christianity" is a 20th-century construct.
Christianity's main connection to Judaism throughout history has been its attempt to eradicate and supplant it.
At the same time Debora, the nurse of Rebecca, died, and was buried at the foot of Bethel, under an oak, and the name of that place was called, The oak of weeping.
And God appeared again to Jacob, after he returned from Mesopotamia of Syria, and he blessed him, saying: Thou shalt not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name. And he called him Israel.
Tom died of pleurisy.
And said to him: I am God almighty, increase thou and be multiplied. Nations and peoples of nations shall be from thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins.
And the land which I gave to Abraham and Isaac, I will give to thee, and to thy seed after thee.
Tom spent the afternoon lazing on the beach.
I honestly didn't care.
Mary spent the day lazing on the beach.
Tom spent the day lazing on the beach.
He looked just like his pictures.
She looked just like her pictures.
He looked nothing like his picture.
She looked nothing like her picture.
Follow the instructions.
Follow the instructions carefully.
Tom climbed the volcano.
Tom climbed the mountain.
Tom and Mary climbed the volcano.
Tom and Mary climbed the mountain.
Tom watched a Western.
Marie Curie was Polish, not French.
I'm sorry that I lied.
I'm sorry I lied.
I'm sorry, I can't come today.
Tom can't work as a doctor in Australia because his qualifications aren't recognized there.
I'm feeling a bit cold.
I'm listening to a song that Tom recorded.
I'm listening to a song Tom recorded.
Can you meet Tom?
I can already speak French.
When is Tom busy?
You're welcome to come over.
Why is Tom so sore?
What's happening now in Australia?
Does Tom have a house?
I've got no place to go.
That's not very important to me.
That isn't very important to me.
Is Algeria's national security at risk?
Is Algeria in a very dangerous situation?
What's really going on in Algeria?
A civil war in Algeria... Do you have an idea of what this means?
The Algeria-Morocco border is closed.
Algeria is a safer country now.
Algeria's People's National Army will always defend the nation's borders.
Is Algeria's national security really at risk?
Some people oppose the recognition of Berber as an official language in the Algerian constitution.
Berber, I mean the Berber language, is an official language in the Algerian constitution and this is an undeniable fact.
Berber, I mean the Berber language, is acknowledged as an official language by the Algerian constitution and no encyclopedia article would deny that fact, unless it's written by an ignorant schoolboy or by Naima Salhi.
Is this the end of Algeria as we know it?
Idir is an Algerian singer.
Will be Algeria's happiest year?
In Algeria, hasn't been Bouteflika's happiest year.
Will Algeria undergo a major crisis?
Is Algeria facing chaos?
That is exactly what is happening in Algeria.
Why is Algeria facing this crisis?
Algeria is facing a bleak scenario.
Algeria didn't cut diplomatic ties with Qatar.
France is a very important commercial partner to Algeria.
Islamist terrorists in the region don't want Algeria to be an oasis of freedom and safety.
Are your savings safe in Algeria?
Algeria's financial industry is suffering.
Real estate prices have skyrocketted in Algeria.
Stop scowling.
If you want to learn more about Algeria, click on this link.
Ask Yidir. He knows everything about Algeria.
Algeria is known for its excessive administrative difficulties.
Try to make things better in Algeria.
Algeria is a culturally diverse country.
Algeria is huge. It's the largest country in Africa.
And he departed from him.
I would like you to see it.
But he set up a monument of stone, in the place where God had spoken to him: pouring drink-offerings upon it, and pouring oil thereon: and calling the name of that place Bethel.
I have a lot of expenses.
And going forth from thence, he came in the spring time to the land which leadeth to Ephrata: wherein when Rachel was in travail, by reason of her hard labour, she began to be in danger, and the midwife said to her: Fear not, for thou shalt have this son also.
The rock samples were deposited in a shallow marine environment.
A glacier loses mass when the water that forms it melts.
The women of the class mature before the men.
And when her soul was departing for pain, and death was now at hand, she called the name of her son Benoni, that is, the son of my pain: but his father called him Benjamin, that is, the son of the right hand.
They live in the Algerian high plateaus.
The Algerian high plateaus are a vast arid region located in central Algeria.
This video was filmed in Algeria.
Kabylie isn't the only place in Algeria where Berber is spoken.
Colonial France deported many Algerians to French Guiana and New Caledonia.
We can talk about Algeria.
Berber dialects are sprinkled all over Algeria.
Berbers prefer to be called "Imazighen."
The population of Kabylie is almost exclusively Berberophone.
Algeria has good ties with Cuba.
Is Algeria a Francophone country?
Algeria is losing many skilled workers to emigration.
Algeria and Russia share close ties.
Algeria and Russia share the closest ties.
So Rachel died, and was buried in the highway that leadeth to Ephrata, this is Bethlehem.
The Algerian city of Souk-Ahras is known for its colonial architecture.
Algeria didn't colonize any country.
And Jacob erected a pillar over her sepulchre: this is the pillar of Rachel's monument, to this day.
Algeria doesn't suffer regularly from any major natural disaster.
That's how Algeria was born.
Snails are still consumed in some areas of Algeria.
Are there seals and auks in Algeria?
I know they are Algerian.
Algerians drive on the right side of the road.
Most Algerians are of Berber origins.
Arabic and Berber are Algeria's official languages.
Arabic and Berber are both Afroasiatic languages.
Berber isn't a Semitic language.
There is too much to discuss about Algeria.
Algeria is a regional power to be recknoned with.
Is the Algerian government really intent on preserving the Berber language?
Does Algeria have any notable scientists?
Algerian culture is very vibrant.
Algerians are very proud people.
What's the retirement age in Algeria?
The Western Sahara problem has to be resolved for good.
Can the Algerian military save Algeria from its crisis?
Algeria has hard economic problems.
The Algerian economic crisis has had a great effect on the Algerian society.
What are the reasons behind the Algerian political crisis?
Mom is Algerian.
I'm Algerian.
My parents are Algerian.
Both my parents are Algerian.
Are you Algerian?
Are you two Algerian?
I'm proud to be Algerian.
Algeria purchases goods from France.
Algeria is very different from Saudi Arabia.
The Algerian government plays a major role in all areas.
In Algeria, all social policies come from the central authority.
The rest of the world is running much faster than Algeria.
Algeria has rivals.
In Algeria, there is no separation between business and the state.
Algeria's social spending is still very high.
Algerians are tired of the populist tone of the Islamists.
Algeria is not in the Middle East.
Algeria is in Africa.
Most of you must have heard of Algeria.
Algeria is famous for couscous.
Algeria's busiest airport is the Houari-Boumediene International Airport located in Algiers.
Kabylie, Algeria, has amazing mountains.
Barbary lions have gone extinct in Algeria.
Algeria's official name is the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria.
Algeria borders Morocco.
Why do I need to learn Berber?
The language I'm speaking right now is Berber.
More Algerians are learning Berber.
This is a Berber vocabulary book.
My ex-girlfriend taught me Berber.
I speak in Berber.
I'm going to speak in Berber.
We're going to have a conversation in Berber.
Can you define this word in Berber?
I have been teaching Berber for more than ten years.
How do you become fluent in Berber?
She made a spectacular improvement to her Berber level.
He became fluent in Berber.
If you follow my advice, I promise you that you will become fluent in Berber.
I don't need to learn Berber.
I don't need to study Berber.
He's learning Berber quickly.
He started taking classes to learn Berber when he was seventy.
He speaks excellent Berber.
He lives in a Berber-speaking region.
He's listening to Berber all the time.
He lives in Kabylie, Algeria, and he's listening to Berber all the time.
He speaks Berber really well.
He's motivated to learn Berber.
He spends all his free time learning and studying Berber.
He always skips Berber class.
He learned Berber quicker than me.
He loves Berber.
Learning Berber is a piece of cake.
Read Berber books.
He reads a lot in Berber.
Read Berber every day.
This Berber books is too difficult for me.
Read Berber novels.
He's a good Berber teacher.
He knows Berber.
Find yourself a good Berber teacher.
Write it in Berber.
He speaks quite confidently in Berber.
When she speaks Berber, she sounds childish.
Listen to Berber music.
Watch TV shows in Berber.
Listen to the Berber dialog again and again until you understand everything.
Speak Berber every day.
What's the etymology of this Berber word?
Boost your Berber vocabulary.
I want to be fluent in Berber.
I learn ten new Berber words every day.
He made rapid progress in Berber.
If you want to be fluent in Berber, just follow these rules.
I want to become a fluent Berber speaker.
How long have you been studying Berber?
He can't speak Berber fluently.
I want to improve my Berber fluency.
He speaks Berber well.
He has a good level of Berber.
He can speak Berber smoothly and confidently.
I need to improve my Berber fluency.
I want to become more fluent in Berber.
Practice Berber as often as you can.
Yidir is my Berber conversation partner.
I don't have people to practice Berber with.
Speaking Berber is hard.
He stopped learning Berber.
I have studied Berber.
I speak Berber quite well.
You can still improve your Berber.
I lived in Algeria and I studied Berber.
I have to speak in Berber.
I practice Berber every day.
Listen to Berber songs.
The song title is in Berber.
He was learning Berber.
You should learn Berber.
He's learning to speak Berber.
Translate each word into Berber.
He wants to speak Berber fluently.
She speaks Berber slowly.
Only ignorant schoolkids and the likes of Naima Salhi deny the existence of the Berber language.
Is it forbidden to talk about Naima Salhi, too?
Is there something that's not forbidden to do on this website?
Why should we spend time learning Berber?
Departing thence, he pitched his tent beyond the Flock tower.
And when he dwelt in that country, Ruben went, and slept with Bala the concubine of his father: which he was not ignorant of.
Now the sons of Jacob were twelve.
And he came to Isaac his father in Mambre, the city of Arbee, this is Hebron: wherein Abraham and Isaac sojourned.
Tom is a paragon of honesty.
And the days of Isaac were a hundred and eighty years. And being spent with age he died, and was gathered to his people, being old and full of days: and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him.
And Esau took his wives, and his sons and daughters, and every soul of his house, and his substance, and cattle, and all that he was able to acquire in the land of Canaan: and went into another country, and departed from his brother Jacob.
For they were exceeding rich, and could not dwell together: neither was the land in which they sojourned able to bear them, for the multitude of their flocks.
And the Lord visited Sara, as he had promised: and fulfilled what he had spoken. And she conceived and bore a son in her old age, at the time that God had foretold her.
And Abraham called the name of his son, whom Sara bore him, Isaac.
And he circumcised him the eighth day, as God had commanded him.
When he was a hundred years old: for at this age of his father, was Isaac born.
And Sara said: God hath made a laughter for me: whosoever shall hear of it will laugh with me.
And again she said: Who would believe that Abraham should hear that Sara gave suck to a son, whom she bore to him in his old age?
And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast on the day of his weaning.
And when Sara had seen the son of Agar, the Egyptian, playing with Isaac, her son, she said to Abraham: Cast out this bondwoman and her son; for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with my son Isaac.
Abraham took this grievously for his son.
And God said to him: Let it not seem grievous to thee for the boy, and for thy bondwoman: in all that Sara hath said to thee, hearken to her voice: for in Isaac shall thy seed be called.
But I will make the son also of the bondwoman a great nation, because he is thy seed.
So Abraham rose up in the morning, and taking bread and a bottle of water, put it upon her shoulder, and delivered the boy, and sent her away. And she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Bersabee.
And when the water in the bottle was spent, she cast the boy under one of the trees that were there. And she went her way, and sat over against him a great way off, as far as a bow can carry, for she said: I will not see the boy die: and sitting over against, she lifted up her voice and wept.
And God heard the voice of the boy: and an angel of God called to Agar from heaven, saying: What art thou doing, Agar? fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the boy, from the place wherein he is.
Arise, take up the boy, and hold him by the hand, for I will make him a great nation.
And God opened her eyes: and she saw a well of water, and went and filled the bottle, and gave the boy to drink.
And God was with him: and he grew, and dwelt in the wilderness, and became a young man, an archer.
And he dwelt in the wilderness of Pharan, and his mother took a wife for him out of the land of Egypt.
At the same time Abimelech, and Phicol the general of his army, said to Abraham: God is with thee in all that thou dost.
Swear therefore by God, that thou wilt not hurt me, nor my posterity, nor my stock: but according to the kindness that I have done to thee, thou shalt do to me, and to the land wherein thou hast lived a stranger.
And Abraham said: I will swear.
And he reproved Abimelech for a well of water, which his servants had taken away by force.
And Abimelech answered: I knew not who did this thing: and thou didst not tell me, and I heard not of it till today.
Then Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them to Abimelech: and both of them made a league.
And Abraham set apart seven ewelambs of the flock. And Abimelech said to him: What mean these seven ewelambs which thou hast set apart?
But he said: Thou shalt take seven ewelambs at my hand: that they may be a testimony for me, that I dug this well.
Therefore that place was called Bersabee; because there both of them did swear.
And they made a league for the well of oath. And Abimelech and Phicol, the general of his army, arose and returned to the land of the Palestines.
But Abraham planted a grove in Bersabee, and there called upon the name of the Lord God eternal.
And he was a sojourner in the land of the Palestines many days.
This isn't important to me.
It's not important to me.
It isn't important to me.
Tom was really handsome when he was a teenager.
The turtles laid their eggs on the beach.
It was only a kiss.
Tom wished it could last forever.
Tom put the chalk down.
Tom has a valid reason for doing that.
What matters in life is not where you are right now, but the direction in which you are headed.
What matters in life is not where you are, but where you are headed.
Tom has valid reasons for doing that.
Tom earned money delivering newspapers.
The bread I bought at the supermarket doesn't taste very good.
The bread I bought at the supermarket didn't taste very good.
The bread that I bought at the supermarket didn't taste very good.
The bread that I bought at the supermarket doesn't taste very good.
Are you two still dating other?
Tom was a real heartbreaker when he was young.
This airport was built on reclaimed land.
Do you have a pencil I can borrow?
Do you have a pencil that I can borrow?
It was the worst pain I'd ever experienced.
It was much smaller than I'd expected.
It was much larger than I'd expected.
It was smaller than I'd expected.
It was larger than I'd expected.
It was smaller than I'd anticipated.
It was larger than I'd anticipated.
Layla is going to take care of this.
Tom still hasn't found the courage to talk to the kids about death.
Who wants to learn Berber?
I can teach you Berber.
Everyone knows that Algeria is in North Africa.
Tunisians don't need a visa to enter Algeria.
Algeria has no territorial disputes with Tunisia.
He's from Algeria.
Algeria is the place to go.
Algeria needs to exploit its natural resources.
They came from Algeria.
What's the average salary in Algeria?
It is thought that Algeria still has lots of undiscovered oil resources.
Algeria is known for its chaotic bureaucracy.
Tindouf belongs to Algeria.
Will Algeria become a fashionable tourist destination?
Algeria has a population of more that million people.
Algeria's currency is the Algerian dinar.
I want to know more about Algeria.
Why has the Algerian economy slowed down?
What's the average income in Algeria?
Algerians are much richer than Mauritanians.
Has the Algerian economy stopped growing?
Anger and despair are taking over in Algeria.
In Algeria, things aren't looking to get any better any time soon.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was the president of Algeria from April to April 2019.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika won the presidential election in April 1999.
Does Algeria need to increase taxation on companies?
Algeria is far from being rich.
Japan is much richer than Algeria.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika came back to the presidential palace in 2004, 2009, and 2014.
Does Algeria need to reduce corporate taxes?
Algeria needs major labor reforms.
Algeria needs more companies.
Algeria needs to reform its education system.
Algeria needs educational reforms.
Algeria is suffering its worst economic period for decades.
Will these reforms help diversify the Algerian economy?
Algeria has a very bureaucratic system.
Algeria is very bureaucratic.
Algeria is a very bureaucratic country.
If Algeria wants to go back to the good times, it needs to change its direction.
Algeria is a country with a Muslim majority.
Algeria has never had a president as a woman.
Yidir, who's also from Algeria, is our guitarist.
Many Algerians still keep their money at home.
Many Algerians don't trust the banks.
Islamic banking is a phenomenon that's becoming more and more important in Algeria.
Why do Algerians distrust Western banking?
He has a savings account in Algeria.
He bought a house with an Islamic bank in Algeria.
Will Islamic banking be successful in Algeria?
Will Islamic banking grow in Algeria?
What's the biggest bank in Algeria?
Many Algerians demand Islamic banking services.
Islamic terrorism is becoming a real threat to Algeria's stability.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika loved taking things under his control.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was forced to resign in April 2019.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika, Algeria's former president, wasn't a perfect man.
Are there any Islamic banks in Algeria?
Before 1989, Algeria had a socialist system very similar to that of the Soviet Union.
Will Algeria enjoy a comfortable and peaceful existence?
Algeria doesn't look like a good country for doing business.
Algeria has a brand new freeway that connects Tunisia directly to Morocco.
China is showing a big interest in Algeria.
What is China trying to achieve in Algeria?
Does Algeria need to start budget cuts?
The Algerian government is supposed to control its spending.
Algeria seems to be allergic to direct foreign investment.
No one wants to invest in Algeria.
China has invested billions of dollars in Algeria.
Algeria is located near one of the wealthiest markets in the world: Europe.
Algeria is welcoming Chinese money with open arms.
Algeria is developing its railroad network.
Algerian education is relatively good.
Algeria is an appealing market.
Algeria is an unexplored paradise.
China has already invested a fortune to improve infrastructure in Algeria.
Algeria isn't a haven of transparency and democracy.
This is happening in many parts of Algeria.
Will Algeria become rich?
Can Algeria reasonably aspire to become a wealthy country?
Will Algeria manage to change its luck and become a wealthy country?
Thousands of Algerians lost their lives in World War I.
Can Algeria become a consolidated democracy?
In Algeria, the resignation of Abdelaziz Bouteflika represents the end of an era.
In Algeria, the state controls almost everything.
Has Algeria completely abandoned socialism?
Algeria has a centralized economy.
Algeria's economy needs to open up to the world.
Algeria needs to strengthen its ties with Europe.
Is Algeria getting richer?
Can Algeria become an industrial powerhouse?
Algeria needs to develop its foreign trade.
Algerian roads are full of trucks.
Algeria needs to attract a lot of foreign investment.
Can Algeria make its educational system work?
Can Algeria become an export power?
Can Algeria become an industrial power?
Algeria is attracting a lot of sub-Saharan immigrants.
She decided to stay in Algeria.
They decided to settle in Algeria.
The Bouteflika clan controlled Algeria from to 2019.
How did Algeria's economic crisis begin?
Algeria is certainly not having its best moment.
In the 1970's, Algeria's nationalism was in its golden age.
Many Algerian military officers were sent to France and Russia to take advanced courses.
Algeria has been under the control of a corrupt and authoritarian government.
Algeria needs a transparent electoral system.
The Algerian government is disorientated by the massive protests currently taking place in Algeria.
The Algerian government is seeking to appease the masses.
Russia is one of Algeria's strongest allies.
Does Algeria need consistuent reforms?
Algeria's society is in crisis.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika took control of Algeria in 1999.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika gained power in 1999.
Will the current Algerian crisis lead to terrible consequences?
How did Abdelaziz Bouteflika manage to take control of the state?
How to get rid of Algeria's political mafia?
Abdelaziz Bouteflika won the Algerian presidential elections in 1999.
Is Algeria a socially shattered country?
Algeria is close to Moscow and Beijing.
Algeria is traditionally close to Russia.
Can Algeria put an end to corruption?
Bouteflika dominated Algeria's politics for twenty years.
What did Abdelaziz Bouteflika achieve?
Abdelaziz Bouteflika resigned before completing his forth term.
Some think that Algeria is ruled by a political mafia.
Algeria will held presidential elections on July 4, 2019.
Algeria already suffers from corruption.
Algeria isn't at war.
Algeria is a country where you can find some of the most beautiful beaches in the world.
In Algeria, the National Liberation Front party was a member of the Presidential Alliance.
Algerians are tired of the government's authoritarian behavior.
Can the Algerian army rescue the country from becoming a failed state?
Abdelaziz Bouteflika took control of the country's institutions.
Algeria has relatively good relations with the Trump administration.
Algeria is not that important to the United States.
Algeria has traditionally been an ally of Russia.
China is investing significant money in Algeria.
If you're a girl and live in Algeria, you know what I'm talking about.
I have many friend from Algeria.
The Berber teacher is mad at me.
I was wearing a Kabyle dress.
He's taking a Berber test.
We had Berber class together.
They made fun of me for speaking in Berber.
I was bullied in school for speaking in Berber.
His mother would only wear Kabyle dresses.
The Kabyle dress doesn't fit her right.
They made fun of him for speaking in Berber.
She's very pretty in her Kabyle dress.
She bought her daughter a very expensive Kabyle dress.
She asked her mother to buy her a Kabyle dress.
She likes this Kabyle dress.
They have Berber class together.
Berber wasn't really my thing.
I didn't wear that Kabyle dress.
She has a yellow Kabyle dress.
She wanted to give me her Kabyle dress.
She started wearing Kabyle dresses.
Your Kabyle dress makes you look very feminine.
Your Kabyle dress makes you look very beautiful.
Yidir and I have Berber class together.
She lent her sister her Kabyle dress.
He had a crush on a Kabyle girl.
She would message him in Berber.
She doesn't have a Kabyle dress.
Every Kabyle woman has a Kabyle dress.
Every Kabyle girl should have a Kabyle dress.
They started wearing Kabyle dresses.
Do you like Kabyle dresses?
I love this Kabyle dress so much.
I can help you learn Berber.
After these things, God tempted Abraham, and said to him: Abraham, Abraham. And he answered: Here I am.
He said to him: Take thy only begotten son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and go into the land of vision; and there thou shalt offer him for an holocaust upon one of the mountains which I will shew thee.
She promised her daughter to buy her a Kabyle dress.
I gave her a Kabyle dress for her birthday.
I was in Berber class.
So Abraham rising up in the night, saddled his ass, and took with him two young men, and Isaac his son: and when he had cut wood for the holocaust, he went his way to the place which God had commanded him.
Someone ripped the Berber posters down.
"Do you have something to say?" "Yes, and I'll say it in Berber."
And on the third day, lifting up his eyes, he saw the place afar off. And he said to his young men: Stay you here with the ass; I and the boy will go with speed as far as yonder, and after we have worshipped, will return to you.
Taninna started wearing Kabyle dresses.
And he took the wood for the holocaust, and laid it upon Isaac his son; and he himself carried in his hands fire and a sword.
She wore a Kabyle dress to school.
On Yennayer, many Algerian girls wear a Kabyle dress to school.
She likes to wear Kabyle dresses more than anything else.
And as they two went on together, Isaac said to his father: My father. And he answered: What wilt thou, son? Behold, saith he, fire and wood: where is the victim for the holocaust?
She wanted a Kabyle dress for her birthday.
And Abraham said: God will provide himself a victim for an holocaust, my son. So they went on together.
She doesn't want her children to learn Berber.
She got her hair braided and wore a Kabyle dress.
And they came to the place which God had shewn him, where he built an altar, and laid the wood in order upon it; and when he had bound Isaac his son, he laid him on the altar upon the pile of wood.
And he put forth his hand, and took the sword, to sacrifice his son.
And behold, an angel of the Lord from heaven called to him, saying: Abraham, Abraham. And he answered: Here I am.
This Kabyle dress is beautiful.
I was surprised that Tom was among the suspects in the murder.
And he said to him: Lay not thy hand upon the boy, neither do thou any thing to him: now I know that thou fearest God, and hast not spared thy only begotten son for my sake.
This person cannot be in my life.
I realized that Taninna cannot be in my life.
She heard that I was going to Kabylie, Algeria.
She heard that I was coming to Kabylie.
Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw behind his back a ram, amongst the briers, sticking fast by the horns, which he took and offered for a holocaust instead of his son.
Lentils are among the best sources of plant proteins.
And he called the name of that place, The Lord seeth. Whereupon, even to this day, it is said: In the mountain the Lord will see.
I book this Berber dictionary for her.
She bought this Kabyle dress for Taninna.
I don't want anything to do with Taninna in my life again.
Those kids are a nuisance in the neighborhood. The worst among them is Tom, Mary's son.
She's pathetic and has no life.
Who among you is the smartest?
And the angel of the Lord called to Abraham a second time from heaven, saying: By my own self have I sworn, saith the Lord: because thou hast done this thing, and hast not spared thy only begotten son for my sake: I will bless thee, and I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as the sand that is by the sea shore; thy seed shall possess the gates of their enemies. And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because thou hast obeyed my voice.
I cannot dedicated my life to you.
Abraham returned to his young men, and they went to Bersabee together, and he dwelt there.
The teacher ridiculed him for speaking in Berber.
I want a Kabyle dress.
He's Kabyle.
And Sara lived a hundred and twenty-seven years.
And she died in the city of Arbee which is Hebron, in the land of Canaan: and Abraham came to mourn and weep for her.
The smartest kid in the group of seven- to ten-year-olds is Tom.
And after he rose up from the funeral obsequies, he spoke to the children of Heth, saying: I am a stranger and sojourner among you: give me the right of a burying place with you, that I may bury my dead.
The smartest kid among the seven- to ten-year-olds is Tom.
The children of Heth answered, saying: My lord, hear us, thou art a prince of God among us: bury thy dead in our principal sepulchres: and no man shall have power to hinder thee from burying thy dead in his sepulchre.
Abraham rose up, and bowed down to the people of the land, to wit, the children of Heth: And said to them: If it please your soul that I should bury my dead, hear me, and intercede for me to Ephron the son of Seor. That he may give me the double cave, which he hath in the end of his field: For as much money as it is worth he shall give it me before you, for a possession of a burying place.
Now Ephron dwelt in the midst of the children of Heth. And Ephron made answer to Abraham in the hearing of all that went in at the gate of the city, saying: Let it not be so, my lord, but do thou rather hearken to what I say: The field I deliver to thee, and the cave that is therein; in the presence of the children of my people, bury thy dead.
We were going to Berber class.
She returned to me, she apoligized and I accepter her back in my life.
Abraham bowed down before the people of the land. And he spoke to Ephron, in the presence of the people: I beseech thee to hear me: I will give money for the field; take it, and so will I bury my dead in it.
And Ephron answered: My lord, hear me. The ground which thou desirest, is worth four hundred sicles of silver: this is the price between me and thee: but what is this? bury thy dead.
She has always wanted to start a YouTube channel to teach Berber.
And when Abraham had heard this, he weighed out the money that Ephron had asked, in the hearing of the children of Heth, four hundred sicles of silver, of common current money.
They were danging to Kabyle music.
He was dating a Kabyle girl.
Many of his co-workers are Kabyle.
She didn't like Kabyle dresses.
And the field that before was Ephron's, wherein was the double cave, looking towards Mambre, both it and the cave, and all the trees thereof, in all its limits round about, was made sure to Abraham for a possession, in the sight of the children of Heth, and of all that went in at the gate of his city.
We speak Berber all day.
And so Abraham buried Sara, his wife, in the double cave of the field, that looked towards Mambre, this is Hebron in the land of Canaan.
And the field was made sure to Abraham, and the cave that was in it, for a possession to bury in, by the children of Heth.
She would always text me in Berber.
I planned a trip for Kabylie, Algeria, in July.
He texted her in Berber.
He never texts me back in Berber.
If you love Berber so much, why aren't you writing in it?
Now Abraham was old, and advanced in age; and the Lord had blessed him in all things.
She tweeted something in Berber.
She wanted me out of her life.
And he said to the elder servant of his house, who was ruler over all he had: Put thy hand under my thigh, that I may make thee swear by the Lord, the God of heaven and earth, that thou take not a wife for my son, of the daughters of the Chanaanites, among whom I dwell: but that thou go to my own country and kindred, and take a wife from thence for my son Isaac.
She texted me in Berber.
The servant answered: If the woman will not come with me into this land, must I bring thy son back again to the place from whence thou camest out?
And Abraham said: Beware thou never bring my son back again thither.
The Lord God of heaven, who took me out of my father's house, and out of my native country, who spoke to me, and swore to me, saying: To thy seed will I give this land: he will send his angel before thee, and thou shalt take from thence a wife for my son.
But if the woman will not follow thee, thou shalt not be bound by the oath: only bring not my son back thither again.
The servant, therefore, put his hand under the thigh of Abraham, his lord, and swore to him upon his word.
And he took ten camels of his master's herd, and departed, carrying something of all his goods with him, and he set forward and went on to Mesopotamia, to the city of Nachor.
I haven't read Berber since I was in high school.
We had a picnic in Kabylie.
They had a nice picnic in Kabylie.
And when he had made the camels lie down without the town, near a well of water, in the evening, at the time when women are wont to come out to draw water, he said: O Lord, the God of my master, Abraham, meet me today, I beseech thee, and shew kindness to my master, Abraham.
Behold, I stand nigh the spring of water, and the daughters of the inhabitants of this city will come out to draw water.
Kabylie is just an hour from Algiers.
I'm an observant Muslim and I don't drink alcohol.
I'm an observant Muslim and I don't smoke weed.
I'm a practicing Muslim and I don't smoke.
Now, therefore, the maid to whom I shall say: Let down thy pitcher that I may drink: and she shall answer, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: let it be the same whom thou hast provided for thy servant Isaac: and by this, I shall understand that thou hast shewn kindness to my master.
He had not yet ended these words within himself, and behold Rebecca came out, the daughter of Bathuel, son of Melcha, wife to Nachor the brother of Abraham, having a pitcher on her shoulder.
There are many blonde people in Kabylie, Algeria.
Both are from Kabylie originally.
An exceeding comely maid, and a most beautiful virgin, and not known to man: and she went down to the spring, and filled her pitcher, and was coming back.
And the servant ran to meet her, and said: Give me a little water to drink of thy pitcher.
Nearly all my friends are from Kabylie.
And she answered: Drink, my lord. And quickly she let down the pitcher upon her arm, and gave him drink.
I was going to Berber class.
And when he had drunk, she said: I will draw water for thy camels also, till they all drink.
And pouring out the pitcher into the troughs, she ran back to the well to draw water; and having drawn, she gave to all the camels.
He said he was coming to Kabylie.
He said he was going to Kabylie, Algeria.
They got married in Kabylie, Algeria.
But he musing, beheld her with silence, desirous to know whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not.
I really loved learning Berber.
They are from two different villages of Kabylie.
And after that the camels had drunk, the man took out golden earrings, weighing two sicles; and as many bracelets, of ten sicles weight. And he said to her: Whose daughter art thou? tell me: is there any place in thy father's house to lodge?
And she answered: I am the daughter of Bathuel, the son of Melcha, whom she bore to Nachor.
And she said, moreover, to him: We have good store of both straw and hay, and a large place to lodge in.
She wore her Kabyle dress.
The man bowed himself down, and adored the Lord, saying: Blessed be the Lord God of my master Abraham, who hath not taken away his mercy and truth from my master, and hath brought me the straight way into the house of my master's brother.
Then the maid ran, and told in her mother's house all that she had heard.
His parents have gone to Kabylie.
She went to Berber class.
He was in a relationship with a girl from Kabylie.
He was texting her in Berber.
I messaged him in Berber.
She would always wear Berber dresses at wedding parties.
At Kabyle wedding parties, many women would wear Kabyle dresses.
And Rebecca had a brother, named Laban, who went out in haste to the man, to the well. And when he had seen the earrings and bracelets in his sister's hands, and had heard all that she related, saying, Thus and thus the man spoke to me: he came to the man who stood by the camels, and near to the spring of water, and said to him: Come in, thou blessed of the Lord; why standest thou without? I have prepared the house, and a place for the camels.
And he brought him into his lodging; and he unharnessed the camels, and gave straw and hay, and water to wash his feet, and the feet of the men that were come with him.
And bread was set before him. But he said: I will not eat, till I tell my message. He answered him: Speak.
And he said: I am the servant of Abraham. And the Lord hath blessed my master wonderfully, and he is become great: and he hath given him sheep and oxen, silver and gold, men servants and women servants, camels and asses.
He doesn't know anything about Berber.
And Sara, my master's wife, hath borne my master a son in her old age, and he hath given him all that he had.
People can accuse me of lying, but does the Algerian constitution lie when it acknowledges that Berber is a language and it is official in Algeria?
People can accuse me of lying, but can they deny brilliant linguists like Salem Chaker, Kamel Nait Zerrad or Miloud Taifi when they claim that Berber is a language?
Berber is acknowledged as a language and not a language family in the Algerian constitution.
Simple-minded people like Naima Salhi can't continue to deny the existence of the Berber language.
And my master made me swear, saying: Thou shalt not take a wife for my son of the Chanaanites, in whose land I dwell: but thou shalt go to my father's house, and shalt take a wife of my own kindred for my son.
But I answered my master: What if the woman will not come with me?
I'm Muslim.
I'm Muslim as many of you know.
Taninna is a Berber name.
Do you have a book of Berber names?
The Lord, said he, in whose sight I walk, will send his angel with thee, and will direct thy way: and thou shalt take a wife for my son of my own kindred, and of my father's house. But thou shalt be clear from my curse, when thou shalt come to my kindred, if they will not give thee one.
He had a crush on a Kabyle girl and wanted to marry her.
And I came today to the well of water, and said: O Lord God of my master, Abraham, if thou hast prospered my way, wherein I now walk, behold, I stand by the well of water, and the virgin, that shall come out to draw water, who shall hear me say: Give me a little water to drink of thy pitcher: and shall say to me: Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels: let the same be the woman, whom the Lord hath prepared for my master's son.
Our mosque is in the middle of town.
And whilst I pondered these things secretly with myself, Rebecca appeared, coming with a pitcher, which she carried on her shoulder: and she went down to the well and drew water. And I said to her: Give me a little to drink.
The mosque is in the middle of the village.
And she speedily let down the pitcher from her shoulder, and said to me: Both drink thou, and to thy camels I will give drink. I drank, and she watered the camels.
And I asked her, and said: Whose daughter art thou? And she answered: I am the daughter of Bathuel, the son of Nachor, whom Melcha bore to him. So I put earrings on her to adorn her face, and I put bracelets on her hands.
He's going back to the mosque.
I went with all my friends to the mosque.
Wherefore, if you do according to mercy and truth with my master, tell me: but if it please you otherwise, tell me that also, that I may go to the right hand, or to the left.
He wants to marry a Kabyle girl.
I was texting her in Berber.
He has a restaurant and bar in Kabylie, Algeria.
We haven't spoken Berber in months.
She started texting him in Berber.
And falling down, I adored the Lord, blessing the Lord God of my master, Abraham, who hath brought me the straight way to take the daughter of my master's brother for his son.
And Laban and Bathuel answered: The word hath proceeded from the Lord: we cannot speak any other thing to thee but his pleasure.
Taninna is out of my life.
Behold, Rebecca is before thee, take her and go thy way, and let her be the wife of thy master's son, as the Lord hath spoken.
He was actually coming to Kabylie.
Which when Abraham's servant heard, falling down to the ground, he adored the Lord.
And bringing forth vessels of silver and gold, and garments, he gave them to Rebecca, for a present. He offered gifts also to her brothers, and to her mother.
And a banquet was made, and they ate and drank together, and lodged there. And in the morning, the servant arose, and said: Let me depart, that I may go to my master.
I'm moving to Kabylie, Algeria.
And her brother and mother answered: Let the maid stay, at least, ten days with us, and afterwards she shall depart.
Stay me not, said he, because the Lord hath prospered my way: send me away, that I may go to my master.
I was in the mosque.
And they said: Let us call the maid, and ask her will.
I spent my childhood in Kabylie, Algeria.
And they called her, and when she was come, they asked: Wilt thou go with this man? She said: I will go.
All of my friends are from Kabylie.
So they sent her away, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, servant, and his company, wishing prosperity to their sister, and saying: Thou art our sister, mayst thou increase to thousands of thousands; and may thy seed possess the gates of their enemies.
So Rebecca and her maids, being set upon camels, followed the man: who with speed returned to his master.
At the same time, Isaac was walking along the way to the well which is called Of the living and the seeing: for he dwelt in the south country.
And he was gone forth to meditate in the field, the day being now well spent: and when he had lifted up his eyes, he saw camels coming afar off.
Rebecca also, when she saw Isaac, lighted off the camel, and said to the servant: Who is that man who cometh towards us along the field? And he said to her: That man is my master. But she quickly took her cloak, and covered herself.
And the servant told Isaac all that he had done, who brought her into the tent of Sara his mother, and took her to wife: and he loved her so much, that it moderated the sorrow which was occasioned by his mother's death.
I haven't spoken Berber in a couple of years.
They studied Berber together.
I used to spend a lot of weekends in Kabylie.
He loved learning Berber.
And the days of Abraham's life were a hundred and seventy-five years.
And decaying he died in a good old age, and having lived a long time, and being full of days: and was gathered to his people.
Will I succeed?
And Isaac and Ismael his sons buried him in the double cave, which was situated in the field of Ephron the son of Seor the Hethite, over against Mambre, which he had bought of the children of Heth: there was he buried, and Sara his wife.
And after his death, God blessed Isaac his son, who dwelt by the well named Of the living and seeing.
And Isaac besought the Lord for his wife, because she was barren: and he heard him, and made Rebecca to conceive.
But the children struggled in her womb, and she said: If it were to be so with me, what need was there to conceive? And she went to consult the Lord.
And he answering, said: Two nations are in thy womb, and two peoples shall be divided out of thy womb, and one people shall overcome the other, and the elder shall serve the younger.
And when her time was come to be delivered, behold twins were found in her womb.
He that came forth first was red, and hairy like a skin: and his name was called Esau.
Immediately the other coming forth, held his brother's foot in his hand: and therefore he was called Jacob.
Isaac was threescore years old when the children were born unto him.
And when they were grown up, Esau became a skilful hunter, and a husbandman: but Jacob, a plain man, dwelt in tents.
Isaac loved Esau, because he ate of his hunting: and Rebecca loved Jacob.
And Jacob boiled pottage: to whom Esau, coming faint out of the field, said: Give me of this red pottage, for I am exceeding faint. For which reason his name was called Edom.
And Jacob said to him: Sell me thy first birthright.
He answered: Lo I die, what will the first birthright avail me?
Jacob said: Swear therefore to me. Esau swore to him, and sold his first birthright.
And so taking bread and the pottage of lentils, he ate, and drank, and went on his way; making little account of having sold his first birthright.
And when a famine came in the land, after that barrenness which had happened in the days of Abraham, Isaac went to Abimelech, king of the Palestines, to Gerara.
And the Lord appeared to him, and said: Go not down into Egypt, but stay in the land that I shall tell thee.
And sojourn in it, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee: for to thee and to thy seed I will give all these countries, to fulfil the oath which I swore to Abraham thy father.
And I will multiply thy seed like the stars of heaven: and I will give to thy posterity all these countries: and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my precepts and commandments, and observed my ceremonies and laws.
So Isaac abode in Gerara.
And when he was asked by the men of that place, concerning his wife, he answered: She is my sister: for he was afraid to confess that she was his wife, thinking lest perhaps they would kill him because of her beauty.
And when very many days were passed, and he abode there, Abimelech, king of the Palestines, looking out through a window, saw him playing with Rebecca, his wife.
And calling for him, he said: It is evident she is thy wife: why didst thou feign her to be thy sister? He answered: I feared lest I should die for her sake.
And Abimelech said: Why hast thou deceived us? Some man of the people might have lain with thy wife, and thou hadst brought upon us a great sin.
And he commanded all the people, saying: He that shall touch this man's wife, shall surely be put to death.
And Isaac sowed in that land, and he found that same year a hundredfold: and the Lord blessed him.
And the man was enriched, and he went on prospering and increasing, till he became exceeding great.
And he had possessions of sheep and of herds, and a very great family.
Wherefore the Palestines envying him, stopped up at that time all the wells, that the servants of his father, Abraham, had digged, filling them up with Earth.
Insomuch that Abimelech himself said to Isaac: Depart from us, for thou art become much mightier than we.
So he departed, and came to the torrent of Gerara, to dwell there.
And he digged again other wells, which the servants of his father, Abraham, had digged, and which, after his death, the Philistines had of old stopped up: and he called them by the same names, by which his father before had called them.
And they digged in the torrent, and found living water.
But there also the herdsmen of Gerara strove against the herdsmen of Isaac, saying: It is our water. Wherefore he called the name of the well, on occasion of that which had happened, Calumny.
And they digged also another; and for that they quarrelled likewise, and he called the name of it, Enmity.
Going forward from thence, he digged another well, for which they contended not; therefore he called the name thereof, Latitude, saying: Now hath the Lord given us room, and made us to increase upon the earth.
And he went up from that place to Bersabee, where the Lord appeared to him that same night, saying: I am the God of Abraham thy father, do not fear, for I am with thee: I will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake.
And he built there an altar: and called upon the name of the Lord, and pitched his tent; and commanded his servants to dig a well.
To which place when Abimelech, and Ochozath his friend, and Phicol chief captain of his soldiers, came from Gerara, Isaac said to them: Why are ye come to me, a man whom you hate, and have thrust out from you?
And they answered: We saw that the Lord is with thee, and therefore we said: Let there be an oath between us, and let us make a covenant, that thou do us no harm, as we on our part have touched nothing of thine, nor have done any thing to hurt thee; but with peace have sent thee away, increased with the blessing of the Lord.
And he made them a feast, and after they had eaten and drunk.
Arising in the morning, they swore one to another: and Isaac sent them away peaceably to their own home.
And behold, the same day the servants of Isaac came, telling him of a well which they had digged, and saying: We have found water.
Whereupon he called it Abundance: and the name of the city was called Bersabee, even to this day.
And Esau being forty years old, married wives, Judith, the daughter of Beeri, the Hethite, and Basemath, the daughter of Elon, of the same place.
And they both offended the mind of Isaac and Rebecca.
Now Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, and he could not see: and he called Esau, his elder son, and said to him: My son? And he answered: Here I am.
And his father said to him, Thou seest that I am old, and know not the day of my death. Take thy arms, thy quiver, and bow, and go abroad; and when thou hast taken something by hunting, make me a savoury meat thereof, as thou knowest I like, and bring it that I may eat: and my soul may bless thee, before I die.
And when Rebecca had heard this, and he was gone into the field to fulfil his father's commandment,
She said to her son Jacob: I heard thy father talking with Esau, thy brother, and saying to him: Bring me of thy hunting, and make me meats that I may eat, and bless thee in the sight of the Lord, before I die.
Now therefore, my son, follow my counsel: And go thy way to the flock, bring me two kids of the best, that I may make of them meat for thy father, such as he gladly eateth. Which when thou hast brought in, and he hath eaten, he may bless thee before he die.
And he answered her: Thou knowest that Esau, my brother, is a hairy man, and I am smooth: if my father should feel me, and perceive it, I fear lest he will think I would have mocked him, and I shall bring upon me a curse instead of a blessing.
A small boy stood champing gum.
And his mother said to him: Upon me be this curse, my son: only hear thou my voice, and go, fetch me the things which I have said.
He went, and brought, and gave them to his mother. She dressed meats, such as she knew his father liked.
And she put on him very good garments of Esau, which she had at home with her: and the little skins of the kids she put about his hands, and covered the bare of his neck.
And she gave him the savoury meat, and delivered him bread that she had baked.
Which when he had carried in, he said: My father? But he answered: I hear. Who art thou, my son?
And Jacob said: I am Esau, thy firstborn: I have done as thou didst command me: arise, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me.
And Isaac said to his son: How couldst thou find it so quickly, my son? He answered: It was the will of God, that what I sought came quickly in my way.
And Isaac said: Come hither, that I may feel thee, my son, and may prove whether thou be my son Esau, or no.
He came near to his father, and when he had felt him, Isaac said: The voice indeed is the voice of Jacob; but the hands, are the hands of Esau.
And he knew him not, because his hairy hands made him like to the elder. Then blessing him,
He said: Art thou my son Esau? He answered: I am.
Then he said: Bring me the meats of thy hunting, my son, that my soul may bless thee. And when they were brought, and he had eaten, he offered him wine also, which after he had drunk, he said to him: Come near me, and give me a kiss, my son.
He came near, and kissed him. And immediately as he smelled the fragrant smell of his garments, blessing him, he said: Behold, the smell of my son is as the smell of a plentiful field, which the Lord hath blessed.
God give thee of the dew of heaven, and of the fatness of the earth, abundance of corn and wine.
And let peoples serve thee, and tribes worship thee: be thou lord of thy brethren, and let thy mother's children bow down before thee. Cursed be he that curseth thee: and let him that blesseth thee be filled with blessings.
Isaac had scarce ended his words, when, Jacob being now gone out abroad, Esau came, and brought in to his father meats, made of what he had taken in hunting, saying: Arise, my father, and eat of thy son's venison; that thy soul may bless me.
And Isaac said to him: Why! who art thou? He answered: I am thy firstborn son, Esau.
Isaac was struck with fear, and astonished exceedingly; and wondering beyond what can be believed, said: Who is he then that even now brought me venison that he had taken, and I ate of all before thou camest? and I have blessed him, and he shall be blessed.
Esau having heard his father's words, roared out with a great cry; and, being in a consternation, said: Bless me also, my father.
And he said: Thy brother came deceitfully and got thy blessing.
But he said again: Rightly is his name called Jacob; for he hath supplanted me lo this second time: My birthright he took away before, and now this second time he hath stolen away my blessing. And again he said to his father: Hast thou not reserved me also a blessing?
Isaac answered: I have appointed him thy lord, and have made all his brethren his servants: I have established him with corn and wine, and after this, what shall I do more for thee, my son?
And Esau said to him: Hast thou only one blessing, father? I beseech thee bless me also.
And when he wept with a loud cry, Isaac being moved, said to him: In the fat of the earth, and in the dew of heaven from above, shall thy blessing be.
Thou shalt live by the sword, and shalt serve thy brother: and the time shall come, when thou shalt shake off and loose his yoke from thy neck.
Esau therefore always hated Jacob, for the blessing wherewith his father had blessed him; and he said in his heart: The days will come of the mourning for my father, and I will kill my brother Jacob.
These things were told to Rebecca: and she sent and called Jacob, her son, and said to him: Behold Esau, thy brother, threateneth to kill thee.
Now therefore, my son, hear my voice, arise and flee to Laban, my brother, to Haran: And thou shalt dwell with him a few days, till the wrath of thy brother be assuaged, and his indignation cease, and he forget the things thou hast done to him.
Afterwards I will send, and bring thee from thence hither. Why shall I be deprived of both my sons in one day?
And Rebecca said to Isaac: I am weary of my life, because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the stock of this land, I choose not to live.
I don't want him to find out.
And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, saying: Take not a wife of the stock of Canaan, but go, and take a journey to Mesopotamia of Syria, to the house of Bathuel, thy mother's father, and take thee a wife thence of the daughters of Laban, thy uncle.
And God almighty bless thee, and make thee to increase and multiply thee: that thou mayst be a multitude of people.
And give the blessings of Araham to thee, and to thy seed after thee: that thou mayst possess the land of thy sojournment, which he promised to thy grandfather.
And when Isaac had sent him away, he took his journey and went to Mesopotamia of Syria, to Laban, the son of Bathuel, the Syrian, brother to Rebecca, his mother.
And Esau seeing that his father had blessed Jacob, and had sent him into Mesopotamia of Syria, to marry a wife thence; and that after the blessing he had charged him, saying: Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan: and that Jacob obeying his parents, was gone into Syria: experiencing also, that his father was not well pleased with the daughters of Canaan:
He went to Ismael, and took to wife, besides them he had before, Maheleth, the daughter of Ismael, Abraham's son, the sister of Nabajoth.
But Jacob being departed from Bersabee, went on to Haran.
And when he was come to a certain place, and would rest in it after sunset, he took of the stones that lay there, and putting under his head, slept in the same place.
And he saw in his sleep a ladder standing upon the earth, and the top thereof touching heaven: the angels also of God ascending and descending by it, and the Lord leaning upon the ladder saying to him: I am the Lord God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac:
The land, wherein thou sleepest, I will give to thee and to thy seed. And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth: thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south: and in thee and thy seed, all the tribes of the earth shall be blessed.
And I will be thy keeper whithersoever thou goest, and will bring thee back into this land: neither will I leave thee, till I shall have accomplished all that I have said.
And when Jacob awaked out of sleep, he said: Indeed the Lord is in this place, and I knew it not.
And trembling, he said: How terrible is this place? this is no other but the house of God, and the gate of heaven.
And Jacob arising in the morning, took the stone which he had laid under his head, and set it up for a title, pouring oil upon the top of it.
And he called the name of the city Bethel, which before was called Luza.
And he made a vow, saying: If God shall be with me, and shall keep me in the way, by which I walk, and shall give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on, and I shall return prosperously to my father's house: the Lord shall be my God: and this stone, which I have set up for a title, shall be called the house of God: and of all things that thou shalt give to me, I will offer tithes to thee.
Then Jacob went on in his journey, and came into the east country.
And he saw a well in the field, and three flocks of sheep lying by it: for the beasts were watered out of it, and the mouth thereof was closed with a great stone.
And the custom was, when all the sheep were gathered together, to roll away the stone, and after the sheep were watered, to put it on the mouth of the well again.
And he said to the shepherds: Brethren, whence are you? They answered: Of Haran.
And he asked them, saying: Know you Laban, the son of Nachor? They said: We know him.
He said: Is he in health? He is in health, say they: and behold, Rachel, his daughter, cometh with his flock.
And Jacob said: There is yet much day remaining, neither is it time to bring the flocks into the folds again: first give the sheep drink, and so lead them back to feed.
They answered: We cannot, till all the cattle be gathered together, and we remove the stone from the well's mouth, that we may water the flocks.
They were yet speaking, and behold Rachel came with her father's sheep; for she fed the flock.
And when Jacob saw her, and knew her to be his cousin german, and that they were the sheep of Laban, his uncle: he removed the stone wherewith the well was closed.
And having watered the flock, he kissed her: and lifting up his voice wept.
And he told her that he was her father's brother, and the son of Rebecca:
But she went in haste and told her father.
Who, when he heard that Jacob his sister's son was come, ran forth to meet him: and embracing him, and heartily kissing him, brought him into his house.
And when he had heard the causes of his journey, he answered: Thou art my bone and my flesh.
And after the days of one month were expired, he said to him: Because thou art my brother, shalt thou serve me without wages? Tell me what wages thou wilt have.
Now he had two daughters, the name of the elder was Lia; and the younger was called Rachel.
But Lia was blear-eyed: Rachel was well favoured, and of a beautiful countenance.
We're talking German fluently.
This side up!
I wish you a good weekend.
I like your paintings.
Allow me to invite you.
And Jacob being in love with her, said: I will serve thee seven years for Rachel, thy younger daughter.
The rules are very strict.
No one eats meat here.
Tomorrow is Palm Sunday.
The answer is correct.
I'm going to Russia soon.
I'm not going anywhere tonight.
I love the Kurdish language.
Call him tonight!
Where did it snow?
Laban answered: It is better that I give her to thee than to another man; stay with me.
We forgot to close the door.
So Jacob served seven years for Rachel: and they seemed but a few days, because of the greatness of his love.
And he said to Laban: Give me my wife; for now the time is fulfilled, that I may go in unto her.
And he, having invited a great number of his friends to the feast, made the marriage.
And at night he brought in Lia, his daughter, to him,
Now when Jacob had gone in to her according to custom, when morning was come he saw it was Lia. And he said to his father-in-law: What is it that thou didst mean to do? did not I serve thee for Rachel? why hast thou deceived me?
Laban answered: It is not the custom in this place, to give the younger in marriage first.
Make up the week of days of this match: and I will give thee her also, for the service that thou shalt render me other seven years.
He yielded to his pleasure: and after the week was past, he married Rachel, to whom her father gave Bala, for her servant.
And having at length obtained the marriage he wished for, he preferred the love of the latter before the former, and served with him other seven years.
And the Lord seeing that he despised Lia, opened her womb, but her sister remained barren.
And she conceived and bore a son, and called his name Ruben, saying: The Lord saw my affliction: now my husband will love me.
And again she conceived and bore a son, and said: Because the Lord heard that I was despised, he hath given this also to me: and she called his name Simeon.
And she conceived the third time, and bore another son, and said: Now also my husband will be joined to me, because I have borne him three sons: and therefore she called his name Levi.
The fourth time she conceived and bore a son, and said: Now will I praise the Lord: and for this she called him Juda. And she left bearing.
He's here in Kabylie.
I go to Kabylie by bus.
He tried to date a Kabyle girl.
He's teaching Berber online.
I really enjoy learning Berber.
I like learning Berber, too.
I love learning Berber, too.
I enjoy learning Berber, too.
Do you know Berber tongue-twisters?
Kabylie is just an hour away.
She was typing something in Berber.
He started seeing a Kabyle girl.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, to spend time with my family.
I love Kabyle jewelry.
He bought her Kabyle jewelry.
He bought her a Kabyle dress on Valentine's day.
She wanted a Kabyle dress.
Her boyfriend lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
He likes to spend Ramadan in Kabylie.
She went to Kabylie, Algeria, and I haven't heard from her since.
My grandmother lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
My maternal grandmother lives in Kabylie.
I use this app to learn Berber.
He greeted me in Berber.
And Esau dwelt in mount Seir: he is Edom.
He works in a restaurant in Kabylie, Algeria.
And Jacob dwelt in the land of Canaan, wherein his father sojourned.
I haven't spoken Berber in years.
Joseph, when he was sixteen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren, being but a boy: and he was with the sons of Bala and of Zelpha his father's wives: and he accused his brethren to his father of a most wicked crime.
The drums of war are beating.
Now Israel loved Joseph above all his sons, because he had him in his old age: and he made him a coat of divers colours.
And his brethren seeing that he was loved by his father, more than all his sons, hated him, and could not speak peaceably to him.
Now it fell out also that he told his brethren a dream, that he had dreamed: which occasioned them to hate him the more.
How did he fool you?
How did she fool you?
How did Tom fool you?
I could never fool you.
I could never fool you, even when you were small.
Tom is sworn to secrecy.
You can't fool me this time.
Tom looked nothing like his picture.
He looked exactly like his picture.
He looked nothing like his profile picture.
He looked exactly like his profile picture.
Tom looked nothing like his profile picture.
Mary looked nothing like her profile picture.
Tom looked exactly like his profile picture.
Mary looked exactly like her profile picture.
I was hoping we could speak alone.
Tom read Mary's body language.
Tom failed to read Mary's body language.
Mary read Tom's body language.
I've known Tom for a long time. And I don't trust him.
I trust him more than anyone.
I trust her more than anyone.
I trust Tom more than anyone.
How do you know this isn't a trick?
Do you think I can trust him?
Do you think I can trust her?
Do you think I can trust Tom?
I would trust him with my life.
I would trust her with my life.
She had been a fool to trust him.
He had been a fool to trust her.
And he said to them: Hear my dream which I dreamed. I thought we were binding sheaves in the field: and my sheaf arose as it were, and stood, and your sheaves standing about bowed down before my sheaf.
What inspires you the most?
What inspires you?
Why do cats not like me?
Does Tom have a daughter?
Why do dogs not like me?
Don't you guys trust Tom?
Why do girls not like me?
Tom is wearing hiking boots.
When will you go to Australia?
Will Tom ever come back?
What's that thing in your right hand?
What's that in your right hand?
What's the file extension?
What'll you do after graduation?
What'll become of me?
What time do you want me to come and get you?
What's the name of that bird?
Why's Tom hiding under the table?
Why doesn't Tom come back?
What time's your plane?
I'm irritated by the noise.
Your room is cleaner than mine is.
Algeria has oil fields.
He caught her stealing apples.
Every time Tom sees Mary, he smiles.
I'm sure it'll get better.
I'm trying to calm Tom down.
I'm off work for the next three weeks.
I'll be out of the office for three weeks, starting tomorrow.
I'm on holiday for three weeks.
His brethren answered: Shalt thou be our king? or shall we be subject to thy dominion? Therefore this matter of his dreams and words ministered nourishment to their envy and hatred.
I lived in Kabylie, Algeria for about four years.
I used to live in Kabylie, Algeria.
He dreamed also another dream, which he told his brethren, saying: I saw in a dream, as it were the sun, and the moon, and eleven stars worshipping me.
And when he had told this to his father, and brethren, his father rebuked him and said: What meaneth this dream that thou hast dreamed? shall I and thy mother, and thy brethren worship thee upon the earth?
His brethren therefore envied him: but his father considered the thing with himself.
She's going to Thailand.
I have to re-check this.
They were speaking in a low voice.
Tom opened the door to the office.
I would say exactly the same.
You're a worthless person.
And when his brethren abode in Sechem, feeding their father's flocks, Israel said to him: Thy brethren feed the sheep in Sichem: come, I will send thee to them.
It seems like you hate Tom.
Help us a little.
Today, I feel happy.
Get started, gentlemen.
Sometimes it is important to take the decision fast.
Tom spent over three years in jail.
When he came home, the children were sleeping.
We're a family now.
Now, we're a family.
Friends are easy to find, hard to keep.
You depicted him as worse than he is.
And when he answered: I am ready:
He said to him: Go, and see if all things be well with thy brethren, and the cattle: and bring me word again what is doing.
He walked into the hallway.
He entered the hallway.
So being sent from the vale of Hebron, he came to Sichem: And a man found him there wandering in the field, and asked what he sought.
As you may know, I used to live in Kabylie, Algeria.
He stopped taking Berber.
He went to Kabylie to learn Berber.
He's in France and I'm in Algeria.
I just want her to have a better life.
At the edge of the forest, I met a tall man in a hunting outfit.
He was very tall for a thirteen-year-old.
Tom is tired of waiting in a queue.
I didn't say that you can't express your opinion.
The water in the lake is murky.
This murky liquid contains venom.
This murky liquid contains poison.
I can't go as fast as he.
Tom must be a vampire, because he can't stand garlic.
Who knew!
You knew it.
You didn't know that.
I was playing football today.
I was playing soccer today.
Okay, do what you want.
The building of some cathedrals could take more than a century.
Every year seems shorter than the previous one.
The medication is still being tested.
There was a wardrobe.
Every year seems shorter than the one before.
Even a spark is enough to burn down a forest.
But he answered: I seek my brethren, tell me where they feed the flocks.
And the man said to him: They are departed from this place: for I heard them say: Let us go to Dothain. And Joseph went forward after his brethren, and found them in Dothain.
I got the money.
It is.
And when they saw him afar off, before he came nigh them, they thought to kill him.
Please look up this word in the dictionary.
Look this word up in the dictionary, please.
They say it does be hot here.
The doctor advised him to give up the drink.
The doctor advised him to give up drinking.
The doctor advised him that it would be better to give up the drink.
And said one to another: Behold the dreamer cometh. Come, let us kill him, and cast him into some old pit: and we will say: Some evil beast hath devoured him: and then it shall appear what his dreams avail him.
Lions don't like swimming.
The ten Arcana are Death, Fate, Forces, Life, Matter, Mind, Prime, Space, Spirit, and Time.
And Ruben hearing this, endeavoured to deliver him out of their hands, and said: Do not take away his life.
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.
Farewell.
Nor shed his blood: but cast him into this pit, that is in the wilderness, and keep your hands harmless: now he said this, being desirous to deliver him out of their hands and to restore him to his father.
And as soon as he came to his brethren, they forthwith stript him of his outside coat, that was of divers colours: And cast him into an old pit where there was not water.
Ignorance is the parent of fear.
She probably has a boyfriend.
He probably has a girlfriend.
You'll never know if you don't ask.
My friends are nice.
Tom's friends are nice.
I think you'd better stay with us.
I think that you need to study harder.
I think you need to study harder.
Guys do stupid things sometimes.
Tom sat in the dentist’s chair.
Fighting is stupid.
People do stupid things sometimes.
Tom fumbled for his keys.
Tom was slow to take the hint.
It was a clear night.
Tom played a song on his guitar.
Tom played several square dance tunes on his fiddle for us.
How many bassoon concertos did Vivaldi write?
Don't shoot me. I'm only the translator.
When are you the happiest?
Tom has already visited Australia.
You're welcome to stay for dinner.
I invited Tom to come in.
Be careful not to spill your coffee.
Why does Tom not like me?
Why did you come back from Australia?
Why is Tom being so antagonistic?
Why didn't you get married in Boston?
People sometimes do stupid things.
Tom probably has a girlfriend.
Tom probably already has a girlfriend.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has a girlfriend.
I'm pretty sure Tom has a girlfriend.
I've never met Tom's girlfriend.
Tom is very tall for a thirteen-year-old.
The sun is shining here, too.
The weather's good here, too.
Tom spent over three years in prison.
Tom was in prison for more than three years.
Sometimes it's hard to make decisions quickly.
What's the relationship between politics and war?
The next time I see Tom, I'm going to tell him that.
The next time that I see Tom, I'm going to tell him that.
I'm sure Tom has other skills.
I'm sure that Tom has other skills.
I'm still angry because of Tom.
I'm waiting for Tom's response.
I'm meeting Tom this afternoon.
I'm going to see Tom this evening.
I'm seeing Tom this evening.
I'll see Tom this evening.
I'm too old to go to Australia.
I'm too old to start learning how to snowboard.
Most of the dogs are still alive.
Most of the dogs are already dead.
Tom likes to wear plaid.
Tom is wearing a plaid shirt.
Because Tom didn't throughly clean the pots, Mary got dysentery.
You can't vote unless you're or over.
Pharaohs were the rulers of ancient Egypt.
Can you tell me exactly what you really want?
Please tell me exactly what you really want.
I don't know exactly what Tom wants.
I have no idea what Tom really wants.
And sitting down to eat bread, they saw some Ismaelites on their way coming from Galaad, with their camels, carrying spices, and balm, and myrrh to Egypt.
I'm sure that Tom went to Boston.
I'm sure Tom went to Boston.
I'm the same height as Tom.
I'm the same weight as Tom is.
I'm the same weight as Tom.
I wear the same size shoes that Tom does.
I wear the same size shoes Tom does.
My shoe size is the same as Tom's.
My shoes are the same size as Tom's.
My shoes are the same size as Tom's shoe size.
I weigh a lot less than Tom.
I weigh a lot less than Tom does.
Who weighs more, you or Tom?
I don't weigh as much as Tom does.
I don't weigh as much as Tom.
Tom weighs about three kilograms more than I do.
Tom weighs about three kilograms more than me.
I weigh about three kilograms less than Tom.
I weigh about three kilograms less than Tom does.
I'm just a little bit taller than Tom is.
I'm just a little bit taller than Tom.
Tom is much heavier than I am.
Tom is much heavier than me.
And Juda said to his brethren: What will it profit us to kill our brother, and conceal his blood?
I'm going to the supermarket to get some milk.
I'm pretty sure Tom will succeed.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will succeed.
It is better that he be sold to the Ismaelites, and that our hands be not defiled: for he is our brother and our flesh. His brethren agreed to his words.
What's the subject of your lecture?
Are oranges always orange?
What color are cucumbers?
It's about me and you.
My credit card was rejected by the cash machine.
I'm sure that Tom will return soon.
I'm wondering if Tom loves Mary.
I'm going with you to Boston.
I'll be going to Boston with you.
What kind of movies do you want to watch?
The definition in the dictionary is different.
What languages do they speak in Australia?
What languages are spoken in Australia?
The dictionary definition is different.
How many languages does Tom speak?
How many languages does Tom speak fluently?
What should we eat tonight?
When did you see that movie?
Don't call him Tom.
He drove all the way to Kabylie.
He stayed in a hotel in Kabylie.
I met so many interesting people in Kabylie.
We were all dancing to Kabyle music.
Kabylie isn't very far from here.
Who's eaten all the cookies?
Kabyle dresses look so good on you.
She looked like a princess in her Kabyle dress.
Her Kabyle dress looks so good.
I met a lot of great people in Kabylie.
I want to stay in Kabylie.
He opened a hookah bar in Kabylie, Algeria.
Everything is fine in Kabylie.
He was enjoying life in Kabylie.
He took a lot of pictures in Kabylie.
They were dancing to Kabyle music.
His father owns a hotel in Kabylie, Algeria.
They can't even find Kabylie on a map and they're lecturing people about the future of this Algerian region.
These pictures were taken in Kabylie, Algeria.
Why am I learning French?
His family owns a restaurant in Kabylie, Algeria.
I want to go to Kabylie.
We're gonna stay in Kabylie.
He spent the whole weekend in Kabylie.
Who's the wisest person you know?
They went to Kabylie without me.
Who's the man who was talking with you?
Who's the author of the novel?
He should have stayed in Kabylie.
He should stay in Kabylie until all this shit is over.
Her husband lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
It would have been different if we were in Kabylie.
My house is right here, in Kabylie.
He wants to go to Kabylie.
They have a little house in Kabylie.
They all went to Kabylie.
He really wanted to go to Kabylie.
We can take you to Kabylie.
I go to Kabylie every weekend.
He gave her a ride to Kabylie.
He canceled his trip to Kabylie.
They went to Kabylie the next day.
They didn't want to go to Kabylie.
Let's visit Kabylie first.
They decided to settle in Kabylie.
He was still planning to go to Kabylie.
She texted him back in Berber.
He doesn't know shit about Kabylie.
She looked so good in her Kabyle dress.
Her Kabyle dress was so beautiful.
Kabyle dresses are so beautiful.
Kabyle weddings are so beautiful.
He wants to spend more time in Kabylie.
The definition according to the dictionary is different.
He has only visited Kabylie a couple of times.
They grew up together in Kabylie, Algeria.
The dictionary's definition is different.
They were in Kabylie.
We were talking about Kabylie.
Clear out.
He likes Kabylie.
We don't wish bad on Algeria.
I was dancing with her to Kabyle music.
He loves Kabylie.
I'm not in the mood to go out right now.
I'm looking through Tom's report.
I'm hoping that'll happen.
I'm hoping that that'll happen.
I'm sending Tom to Boston.
I'm sure that Tom is correct.
I'm sure Tom is correct.
I'm sure that Tom is right.
I'm sure that Tom is wrong.
I'm going to meet Tom tomorrow.
I'm getting sick of doing this.
I'm not ashamed that I'm poor.
I'm afraid Tom can't answer.
I'm afraid that Tom can't answer.
I'm quite sure of Tom's success.
Kabylie was beautiful back then.
I'm fed up with Tom's grumbling.
I'm sure Tom will be along soon.
Is our galaxy filled with life?
Our planet is filled with life.
This would be the end of life as we know it.
I'm anxious about Tom's safety.
A nuclear war would mean the end of life as we know it.
I'm always meeting Tom there.
Can life happen elsewhere?
How did life happen on our planet?
I'm worried Tom will get dehydrated.
I'm worried that Tom will get dehydrated.
He was in fact born in Kabylie, Algeria.
He's in fact Algerian rather than Moroccan.
I'm sorry, but Tom is out now.
I'm fed up with Tom's laziness.
I'm tired of Tom's complaints.
How many planets have life in our galaxy?
I'm anxious about Tom's health.
I'm fed up with Tom's complaints.
Advertising is what drives business.
Advertising is the driving force behind commerce.
This is happening here in Kabylie.
And when the Madianite merchants passed by, they drew him out of the pit, and sold him to the Ismaelites, for twenty pieces of silver: and they led him into Egypt.
He has to stay in Kabylie for a couple of months.
And Ruben returning to the pit, found not the boy: And rending his garments he went to his brethren, and said: The boy doth not appear, and whither shall I go?
I didn't go to Kabylie that day.
Why did he go to Kabylie?
He doesn't even know where Kabylie is located.
He has lived in Kabylie for four years.
I'm going to Algeria, my country.
She was born in Kabylie, Algeria.
He went to Kabylie by himself.
They went to Kabylie together.
I still wanted to go to Kabylie.
I spend the holy month of Ramadan in Kabylie, Algeria.
She opened a hair salon in Kabylie, Algeria.
She liked to travel and she would often go to Kabylie, Algeria.
She went to Kabylie.
Algeria is a completely different country.
Are there beach resorts in Kabylie?
You're not going to stay in Kabylie for the rest of your life.
Why don't you go to Kabylie?
My mother is going to Kabylie.
I wasn't talking about Kabylie.
He still lives in Kabylie.
What happened to him in Kabylie?
He came back to Kabylie.
She was in Kabylie.
They went to Kabylie in August.
They moved to Kabylie in September.
What is he doing in Kabylie?
And they took his coat, and dipped it in the blood of a kid, which they had killed: Sending some to carry it to their father, and to say: This we have found: see whether it be thy son's coat, or not.
The climate is getting warmer.
I was tortured by thirst.
I was tormented by thirst.
And the father acknowledging it, said: It is my son's coat, an evil wild beast hath eaten him, a beast hath devoured Joseph.
I spend a lot of weekends in Kabylie.
We're going to spend some time in Kabylie.
I lived in Kabylie for a year.
He didn't want us to go to Kabylie.
I learned a very valuable life lesson.
I spent some time in Kabylie.
Black Widow is my favorite Marvel character.
We spent all our weekeds in Kabylie.
We spend all our weekends together in Kabylie.
He's always in Kabylie.
The Battle of Algiers is my favorite Algerian movie.
"Friends" is a comedy series.
"Vikings" is a historical series.
"Omar" is a religious series.
I regretted saying that.
Do you want to go to Kabylie?
If you want to go to Kabylie, it's totally fine by me.
He spent a lot of time in Kabylie.
I wanted to go to Kabylie.
I spent my entire life in Kabylie.
If you want to go to Kabylie, I'm OK with it.
He started a new life in Kabylie.
He didn't do anything with his life.
You should move on with life.
"Where did she go?" "She went to Kabylie."
He lived in Kabylie for a while.
"Where did they go?" "To Kabylie."
He had a lot of friends in Kabylie, Algeria.
Put on your socks quickly. We're late.
I met new friends in Kabylie.
At night, she puts on hair curlers.
He grew up with his identical twin in Kabylie.
I spent four years in Kabylie.
I see this everywhere in Kabylie.
Have you seen the movie "The Pursuit of Happiness"?
Have you seen the movie "The Battle of Algiers"?
I've missed Kabylie terribly.
Have you seen the movie "Catch Me If You Can"?
Have you seen the movie "Titanic"?
Have you seen the movie "Harry Potter"?
Have you seen the movie "The Lord of The Rings"?
Have you seen the movie "Lion of The Desert"?
Have you seen the movie "The Message"?
Have you seen the movie "The Invisible Guardian"?
Have you seen the movie "Home Alone"?
Have you seen the movie "The Invisible Guest"?
Have you seen the movie "Inception"?
Have you seen the movie "The Dark Knight Rises"?
Have you seen the movie "The Dark Knight"?
Have you seen the movie "Batman Begins"?
We live in Uruguay.
She lives in Uruguay.
Diego lives in Uruguay.
Naima Salhi hates the Berber language.
I live in Uruguay.
We live in Colombia.
She lives in Colombia.
I live in Colombia.
Diego lives in Colombia.
Layla wants to learn Albanian.
Tom wants to learn Albanian.
I want to learn Albanian.
Naruto is my favorite anime.
Christian Bale is my favorite actor.
Angelina Jolie is my favorite actress.
Have you seen that Netflix series?
Have you seen the Netflix series?
Have you seen the Netflix anime?
Have you seen the new Netflix movie?
Death Note is my favorite manga.
Do you read mangas?
Death Note is my favorite anime.
One Piece is a good anime.
Have you read the manga "Death Note"?
Have you read the manga "One Piece"?
Batman Begins is my favorite Christopher Nolan movie.
Is Sami Malaysian?
Layla is Malaysian.
Are you Malaysian, Sami?
Are you Malaysian, Layla?
Are you Malaysians?
Ahmed is Malaysian.
And tearing his garments, he put on sackcloth, mourning for his son a long time.
And all his children being gathered together to comfort their father in his sorrow, he would not receive comfort, but said: I will go down to my son into hell, mourning. And whilst he continued weeping,
At twilight, snow looks blue.
At twilight, snow looks deep blue.
The Madianites sold Joseph in Egypt to Putiphar, an eunuch of Pharaoh, captain of the soldiers.
Kabylie was the last region we visited in Algeria.
I really miss my native Kabylie.
I don't want to live in Kabylie.
She gave me a good grade on my Berber test.
They got married and settled down in Kabylie.
They moved to Kabylie.
He loves his daughter.
She loves her daughter.
A deep ravine separates the two blocks.
With difficulty, he climbed out of the ravine.
You can say that to Tom yourself.
At that time Juda went down from his brethren, and turned in to a certain Odollamite, named Hiras.
And he saw there the daughter of a man of Canaan, called Sue: and taking her to wife, he went in unto her. And she conceived, and bore a son, and called his name Her.
And conceiving again, she bore a son, and called him Onan.
She bore also a third: whom she called Sela. After whose birth, she ceased to bear any more.
And Juda took a wife for Her, his first born, whose name was Thamar.
And Her, the first born of Juda, was wicked in the sight of the Lord: and was slain by him.
Today I'm going to rest on the account of the holiday.
Juda, therefore, said to Onan his son: Go in to thy brother's wife and marry her, that thou mayst raise seed to thy brother.
He knowing that the children should not be his, when he went in to his brother's wife, he spilled his seed upon the ground, lest children should be born in his brother's name.
This car has power windows.
Tom's car has power windows.
And therefore the Lord slew him, because he did a detestable thing.
If you don't ask, you'll never know.
Tom's car was manufactured in the 1980s.
Tom drives a DeLorean.
Tom has a DeLorean.
Tom uses his DeLorean to travel through time.
Tom used his DeLorean to travel back in time.
Wherefore Juda said to Thamar his daughter-in-law: Remain a widow in thy father's house, till Sela my son grow up: for he was afraid lest he also might die, as his brethren did. She went her way, and dwelt in her father's house.
The tree is dying.
I have the right to know.
"Tom likes you." "What?"
This tree is dying.
You should learn to keep your anger in check.
Tom should learn to keep his anger in check.
Tom used a slide rule.
Tom had never used a slide rule.
Tom agreed with Mary's conclusion.
We never use the dining room.
Tom and Mary rarely use the dining room.
Tom and Mary never use the dining room.
Tom and Mary rarely use their dining room.
Tom and Mary never use their dining room.
Tom's apartment overlooks the park.
Tom's apartment overlooks Central Park.
Some rooms have an ocean view.
This room has a sea view.
This room has an ocean view.
This room has a garden view.
This room has a view of the parking lot.
This room has a view of the sea.
This room has a view of the ocean.
Tom stayed in an oceanfront room.
Tom and Mary stayed in an oceanfront room.
This room has a private balcony.
Tom stayed at the Grand Hotel.
Tom and Mary stayed at the Grand Hotel.
Why is India so dirty?
This room has a king-size bed.
India is an unsafe place for women travelers.
All rooms have a cable TV.
Vaccination is highly recommended for travelers to India.
Train surfing is India's national sport.
Tom and Mary stayed at a luxury hotel.
Tom and Mary stayed at a motel.
Tom and Mary stayed at a hostel.
Tom and Mary slept on the beach.
Tom and Mary camped out in a field.
Tom decided to take legal action.
I knew you'd make the right choice.
I knew you'd make the right decision.
I hope you'll make the right decision.
Tom has wireless headphones.
Tom has noise-cancelling headphones.
Tom has already been to Australia.
What are some foods commonly eaten in Australia?
Tom visits me from time to time.
Is it true that you wanted to do that?
I don't get why Tom doesn't agree.
Why don't you stay in Australia for another week?
Is there a chance Tom will succeed?
Is it convenient for you if I come at 2:30?
Tom is the best blacksmith in town.
Is it true that you wanted to live in Australia?
I don't understand why Tom doesn't agree.
I'm game if you are.
I'm willing to do that if you are.
I'm ahead of schedule.
I think we should do what Tom suggested.
I'm sorry, I misunderstood you.
I'm going to see some students.
I'm sure Tom will turn up soon.
I'm sure that Tom will turn up soon.
I'm going to have a busy day.
I'm having a new house built.
I'm building a new house.
Tom helped me build my house.
I'm glad that you succeeded.
I'm glad you succeeded.
Through the discovery of the New World and its inhabitants, theologists were in a quandary, which they tried to overcome in various ways. Thus the doctrine came about that there were other ancestors besides Adam in other parts of the world. Grand Inquisitor Tomás de Torquemada believed that humans and animals had been carried by angels across the ocean. And still others, such as the Jesuit priest Joseph-François Lafitau symply denied that the Indians were ever created by God - only atheists could make such a claim.
More and more Scandinavians are joining my circle of friends.
Mary is stunning.
Beyle is stunning.
Tom is non-binary.
Yankev is genderqueer.
Can I help you find anything?
I'd like to buy a new trombone.
May God have mercy upon his soul.
The smartest kid in the group is Tom.
Tom has never used a slide rule.
Tom's dog isn't yet housebroken.
Did they agree to your conditions?
I don't use those kinds of words.
I don't use that kind of language.
I remembered that I was late and stepped on the gas.
Put your socks on quickly. We're late.
Stop doing what you're doing.
Tom climbed out of the ravine.
I wonder how many planets in our galaxy have life.
Friends are easy to find, but they're hard to keep.
Sometimes it's important to make decisions quickly.
I'm happy today.
Lentils are a good source of protein.
What inspired you the most?
What inspired you?
You won't be able to fool me again.
You need to learn to keep your anger in check.
I hope you have a good weekend.
I'm going to Australia soon.
Did it snow here last week?
If you've been drinking, you shouldn't drive.
You shouldn't drive if you've been drinking.
What an adorable baby!
Tom admitted he needed help to survive.
Tom admitted that he needed help to survive.
Tomorrow is the third.
Tom was executed on October, 20, 2013.
Three men are missing.
Tom says he's feeling much better now.
This jacket fits well.
Tom is the best student in this class.
This bridge is unsafe.
Tom is in the kitchen, cooking dinner.
There's not much food.
Tom is getting ready for an interview.
The weather was awful.
Tom is convinced his house is haunted.
This bridge isn't safe.
I speak Bengali.
He speaks Bengali.
She speaks Bengali.
Tom speaks Bengali.
He learned Russian.
He studies Russian.
He studies Russian in the university.
Their mother is Russian.
And after many days were past: the daughter of Sue the wife of Juda died: and when he had taken comfort after his mourning, he went up to Thamnas, to the shearers of his sheep, he and Hiras the Odollamite, the shepherd of his flock.
Tom finished his coffee and put the mug down.
Tom finished his coffee and put his mug down.
How long does it take you to get dressed in the morning?
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
How long does it take you to get ready for work?
How long does it take you to get ready for a night out?
How long does it take you to get ready to go out?
How long does it take you to take a shower?
How much time do you spend in the shower?
How long does it take you to shower?
How long does it take you to wash your hair?
I don't have as much free time as I would like.
Tom doesn't have as much free time as he would like.
Check out the view.
It's probably just me.
Mary took forever to get dressed.
Tom took forever to get dressed.
What is your morning routine?
Why do you think this happens?
Why do you think this happened?
I'll change into something else.
None of my clothes fit anymore.
We're about the same size.
None of my clothes fit.
Tom and John are about the same size.
Mary and Alice are about the same size.
And it was told Thamar that her father-in-law was come up to Thamnas to shear his sheep.
Mary borrowed some clothes from her friend.
Mary and Alice often share clothes.
Guinea pigs can die of loneliness.
In Switzerland, it's illegal to own just one guinea pig.
Guinea pigs are social animals.
She didn't know.
We are moving to Kabylie, Algeria.
He moved away to Kabylie.
I went to Kabylie to see her.
He doesn't go to Kabylie anymore.
They were begging him to come to Kabylie.
He didn't spend much time in Kabylie.
You should go to Kabylie.
He drove us to Kabylie.
We were in Kabylie at the time.
I went back to Kabylie.
He went to Kabylie to see his friend.
He spent four or five months in Kabylie.
He knows no one in Kabylie.
He spends his vacations in Kabylie.
We're here in Kabylie.
He never came to Kabylie to visit me.
He moved back to Kabylie.
He spent another month in Kabylie.
I don't have family in Kabylie anymore.
I don't have relatives in Kabylie at all.
I don't have any relative in Kabylie.
We went to the same high school in Kabylie, Algeria.
After I moved away to Kabylie, he never came to visit me.
I'm in Kabylie.
I live in Kabylie now.
She was renting a property in Kabylie.
She rented an apartment in Kabylie.
Come and live with me in Kabylie.
I do remember our house in Kabylie.
And she put off the garments of her widowhood, and took a veil: and changing her dress, sat in the cross way, that leadeth to Thamnas: because Sela was grown up, and she had not been married to him.
They still work in Kabylie.
He went to a high school reunion in Kabylie, Algeria.
She has just bought an apartment in Kabylie, Algeria.
They still live in Kabylie.
He was in Kabylie at that time.
He knows nothing about Kabylie.
When Juda saw her, he thought she was a harlot: for she had covered her face, lest she should be known.
And going to her, he said: Suffer me to lie with thee: for he knew her not to be his daughter-in-law.
And she answered: What wilt thou give me to enjoy my company?
He said: I will send thee a kid out of the flock.
And when she said again: I will suffer what thou wilt, if thou give me a pledge, till thou send what thou promisest.
His father lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
He has a three-bedroom loft in Kabylie, Algeria.
I haven't been to Kabylie in months.
He's going to drive to Kabylie.
He has a giant loft house in Kabylie, Algeria.
He needs to go to Kabylie.
He was coming to Kabylie.
He doesn't have friends in Kabylie anymore.
Of course, he can come to Kabylie.
He was in Kabylie, Algeria.
He still works in Kabylie.
Kabyles are hospitable people.
Kabylie, Algeria, is a beautiful region.
They came to Kabylie.
She wants to wear a Kabyle dress during the party.
You can wear my Kabyle dress.
He's still in Kabylie.
Why don't they go to Kabylie?
We're going to Kabylie.
They stayed in Kabylie.
Juda said: What wilt thou have for a pledge? She answered: Thy ring and bracelet, and the staff which thou holdest in thy hand.
He spent his whole life in Kabylie.
Tom is nonbinary.
I had to go to Kabylie.
He has a two-story house in Kabylie, Algeria.
I left for Kabylie.
She wore a Kabyle dress at the party.
He got home from Kabylie.
I agreed to go with her to Kabylie.
I went to their wedding party in Kabylie.
They were in Kabylie at the time.
He had to go to Kabylie to shoot a video.
I was in Kabylie for close to three weeks.
I was going to Kabylie.
I came back from my Kabylie trip.
I go to Kabylie every winter break.
The woman therefore at one copulation conceived. And she arose and went her way: and putting off the apparel which she had taken, put on the garments of her widowhood.
He grew up in Kabylie.
I'm on my way to Kabylie.
We were going to Kabylie.
He was in Kabylie at the time.
We moved to Kabylie when I was fourteen.
My family lives in Kabylie.
This happened to a young lady in Kabylie.
I have been in Kabylie for about four years.
I'm going to Kabylie with him.
She's still in Kabylie.
We all went to the same school in Kabylie.
We were all in Kabylie.
Tom only likes surrealism because he's a fungus's cat.
Is he a taxi driver?
They are supposed to arrive on Mallorca now.
Why does Tom need to visit Boston?
He was my pupil. Now he teaches my children.
They can always ask me for help.
"I still don't know how to do it." "It doesn't matter. Just do it. And you'll know how to do it."
Tom is always surrounded by people.
Tom climbed the mast.
Tom climbed the mast of the sailboat.
Tom likes nice things.
Tom likes beautiful things.
Tom likes expensive things.
Tom likes people.
Tom likes nature.
Tom likes food.
Tom knows how to enjoy life.
Tom knows how to enjoy the simple things in life.
Tom poured the tea into the cup.
Tom poured the tea into the teacup.
Tom poured the tea into the china cup.
Tom stared at the tea leaves.
Tom poured the tea into a china cup.
Tom poured tea into the china cups.
Tom poured the tea into delicate china cups.
Tom poured some tea into a small china cup.
And Juda sent a kid by his shepherd, the Odollamite, that he might receive the pledge again, which he had given to the woman: but he, not finding her, asked the men of that place: Where is the woman that sat in the cross way?
Tom poured some tea into a cracked teacup.
Tom placed the teacup on a matching saucer.
This teacup is made from fine bone china.
The teacup was almost translucent.
This teacup is almost translucent.
Tom's life was thrown into turmoil.
Tom poured tea into the bone china cup.
Tom poured some tea into the teacup.
Tom poured tea into the teacup.
Tom poured tea into a fine china cup.
Tom poured tea into a teacup.
Wait for the tea to brew.
Tom regularly posts pictures on Instagram.
This is the height of refinement.
Tom poured boiling water into the teapot.
Tom pre-heated the teapot.
Tom rinsed the teapot with hot water.
Tom poured some hot water over the tea.
Tom poured hot water over the tea.
Tom rinsed his teacup with hot water.
Tom and Mary had a dream vacation in Bali.
I hope you're coming with us.
Tom and Mary had a tea party.
Mary and Alice had a tea party.
The fishermen hurried to get back to port.
The fishermen hurried back to port.
I liked everything about the trip.
The ship was dismasted during the storm.
The ship hit an iceberg.
And when they all made answer: There was no harlot in this place, he returned to Juda, and said to him: I have not found her; moreover, the men of that place said to me, that there never sat a harlot there.
Skate to where the puck is going, not where it has been.
The animals are well cared for.
The animals at this zoo are well cared for.
All the animals are happy.
Tom listened to an audiobook.
Tom is listening to an audiobook­.
Tom liked everything about the trip.
Tom liked almost everything about the trip.
We have everything we need for a picnic.
We have everything we need for a barbecue.
Juda said: Let her take it to herself, surely she cannot charge us with a lie, I sent the kid which I promised: and thou didst not find her.
And behold, after three months, they told Juda, saying: Thamar, thy daughter-in-law, hath played the harlot, and she appeareth to have a big belly.
And Juda said: Bring her out that she may be burnt.
But when she was led to execution, she sent to her father in law, saying: By the man, to whom these things belong, I am with child. See whose ring, and bracelet, and staff this is.
Why do you think that happened?
Why do you think that that happened?
Why do you think that it happened?
Why do you think that this happened?
You've thought of everything, haven't you?
I concede that you're right.
I think you should watch that movie.
I think that you should watch that movie.
You live in a big house, don't you?
You used to sell refrigerators, didn't you?
Do you sell refrigerators here?
Tom sold me his old refrigerator.
Tom sold his old refrigerator to me.
I don't know what they're doing.
Sit anywhere you like.
I bet that Tom won't agree to do that.
Supper's almost ready.
Tom has been divorced for three years.
The food was terrible.
Tom has gone skating with his friends.
The job's almost done.
He is close minded.
I'm not in the mood to sing right now.
I'm still hoping we can solve this problem.
I'm still hoping that we can solve this problem.
I wish that I didn't have to do that again.
I'm driving Tom home afterwards.
I'm sure that we'll all miss Tom.
I'm sure we'll all miss Tom.
I'm sure that I can get away with it.
Tomorrow I'm going to give Tom my old guitar.
Tomorrow I'm going to give my old guitar to Tom.
I'm giving my old guitar to Tom tomorrow.
I'm giving Tom my old guitar tomorrow.
I'm not sure what size Tom wears.
I'm working in a town not too far from Boston.
I'm working in a town that's not too far from Boston.
I'm working in a town that isn't too far from Boston.
I'm not sure, but Tom might come.
I'm going to visit Tom next week.
I'm not saying Tom's music is bad.
I'm not going to call Tom right now.
The brown rice is still cooking.
The bread is still in the oven.
I'm sorry, my father isn't at home.
I'm not in the mood to do that right now.
I lost my guitar pick.
I don't really enjoy opera very much.
I'm certain Tom has finished.
I'm sleepy, so I'm leaving now.
I'm going to climb Mt. Fuji.
I'm astonished by Tom's cleverness.
I'm sure Tom will come on time.
I'm sick and tired of all of Tom's complaining.
I'm glad that Tom passed the exam.
I'm glad Tom passed the exam.
I'm planning on going to Tom's party tonight.
I'm leaving. See you tomorrow.
My lips are chapped.
I've had that problem myself.
I've had that same problem myself.
I'm getting married next Monday.
I just got off the train and I'm still on the platform.
I think this is the wrong key.
I'm afraid this key doesn't fit.
I think that this is the wrong key.
I'm afraid it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom is quite generous with his money.
My car keeps stalling.
Tom isn't currently living in Boston.
Never break a promise.
Tom was caught trying to steal a car.
He will never go back to Kabylie.
She wore a Kabyle dress.
She liked Kabyle dresses.
Her sister hated Kabyle dresses.
Those girls are from Kabylie.
He grew up in a poor family in Kabylie.
They made fun of him for speaking Berber.
He likes it here in Kabylie.
I started getting text messages in Berber.
I only went to Kabylie once.
I have only been to Kabylie once.
Some people are skeptical about the future of the Berber language.
He speaks Berber to his children.
Yennayer came around and I couldn't go to Kabylie.
We have Berber class together.
She likes wearing Kabyle dresses.
We chatted in Berber.
I moved to Kabylie, Algeria, about a month ago.
He doesn't live in Kabylie anymore.
That's exactly what happened in Kabylie.
Just move on with your life.
We no longer live in Kabylie.
Berber is our mother language.
I have Berber class with her.
He learned Berber at a young age.
She was talking to him in Berber.
I went to Berber class.
I go to Kabylie every Friday.
I don't know Berber at all.
I speak Berber because it's my mother tongue.
Is this real life?
We went to Kabylie.
He's not from Kabylie.
He was trying to say something in Berber.
He was rapping in Berber.
He met a nice girl in Kabylie.
We did a Facebook live in Berber.
He moved to Algiers from Kabylie.
He came from Kabylie.
I went to Kabylie with my brother.
His mother is in Kabylie.
He's going to live in Kabylie.
He got her a Kabyle bracelet.
He wasn't eager to move to Kabylie.
He wasn't even born in Kabylie.
I really liked Kabylie.
He was dating a girl from Kabylie.
He was going back to Kabylie to spend Ramadan with his family.
He lived with his relatives in Kabylie.
His family still lives in Kabylie.
Father didn't allow me to move back to Kabylie.
No one knows Kabylie better than me.
He got her a beautiful Kabyle bracelet.
He got her another Kabyle bracelet.
He got her an expensive Kabyle bracelet.
He went back to Kabylie.
His cousin Yidir lives in Kabylie.
This singer is very popular in Kabylie.
He was very well connected in Kabylie.
He knew a lot of people in Kabylie.
She came back to Kabylie where she had another baby.
He doesn't go to Kabylie.
I spent so much time in Kabylie.
He barely speaks Berber.
Health isn't everything, but without it, everything else is nothing.
He never sent her anything in his entire life.
I will not go back to Kabylie.
But he acknowledging the gifts, said: She is juster than I: because I did not give her to Sela, my son. However he knew her no more.
She doesn't know anything about Kabylie.
Yidir and I had Berber class together.
He got her some Kabyle jewelry.
He got her a Kabyle bracelet for her birthday.
She doesn't even like Kabyle jewelry.
What is she doing in Kabylie?
I had Berber class with him.
I was so embarrassed I didn't even know where to look.
He doesn't even live in Kabylie.
He wasn't even in Kabylie at the time.
We don't want you to go to Kabylie alone. We're going with you.
This road leads straight to Kabylie.
I don't want to go to Kabylie.
He moved to Kabylie.
She doesn't go to Kabylie anymore.
I think he moved to Kabylie.
They caress the pussycat.
Many Kabyles have blonde hair.
Yennayer is coming up.
We're in December and Yennayer is coming up.
We celebrated Yennayer in Kabylie.
He was singing in Berber.
This freeway leads straight to Kabylie.
Father didn't allow us to go back to Kabylie.
I told Father that I was going to Kabylie.
We have a house in Kabylie.
The festival is taking place in Kabylie.
Various cultural festivals are organized in Kabylie.
He knows everything about Kabylie.
She's in Kabylie with her husband.
When I was twenty-four, I moved to Kabylie.
We spent that whole summer together in Kabylie.
We didn't tell our neighbors we were moving to Kabylie.
We spent that whole summer in Kabylie.
He was moving to Kabylie.
He told me that he was moving to Kabylie because he got his dream job, working for an English private school.
I need to go to the mosque tomorrow.
I go to the mosque every Friday.
And when she was ready to be brought to bed, there appeared twins in her womb: and in the very delivery of the infants, one put forth a hand, whereon the midwife tied a scarlet thread, saying: This shall come forth the first.
Life can take you at any time.
He got so interested in Kabylie.
Life is so short.
They're still in Kabylie.
But he drawing back his hand, the other came forth: and the woman said: Why is the partition divided for thee? and therefore called his name Phares.
Afterwards his brother came out, on whose hand was the scarlet thread: and she called his name Zara.
You seem to have an asthma.
Their eldest children are twins.
Oh! That rambutan tree is laden with fruit.
I want to know what it's like.
I don't want to know what it's like.
Who sends you to school?
Tom wanted to know what it was like.
Tom wants to know what it's like.
And Joseph was brought into Egypt, and Putiphar, an eunuch of Pharaoh, chief captain of the army, an Egyptian, bought him of the Ismaelites, by whom he was brought.
That's not an unreasonable request.
Who lit your cigar?
Don't you want to know what it's like?
What does it feel like to be in space?
Please give me the clothes pegs.
Space has no "up" or "down".
Tom looked down at the Earth.
The astronaut looked down at the earth.
This astronaut studies the effects of space travel on the human body.
I don't have a big appetite.
Tom doesn't have a big appetite.
Mary doesn't have a big appetite.
The Earth looks beautiful from space.
I want to know what it's like before I die.
I want to do this before I die.
I want to see this before I die.
I want to go there before I die.
I want to experience this before I die.
A bucket list is a list of things that people want to do before they die.
Put that on your bucket list.
Now, I can cross that off my bucket list.
A bucket list is a list of things to do before you die.
Tom ticked off an item on his bucket list.
And the Lord was with him, and he was a prosperous man in all things: and he dwelt in his master's house.
He invited him to play football with us.
This shouldn't come as a surprise.
Tom's knees creaked.
Tom rappelled down the waterfall.
Tom rode a zip line down the mountain.
Tom abseiled down the waterfall.
Tom abseiled down the cliff.
Tom rappelled down the cliff.
Who knew very well that the Lord was with him, and made all that he did to prosper in his hand.
We're Kabyles.
He was going to Kabylie to see his distant family.
And Joseph found favour in the sight of his master, and ministered to him: and being set over all by him, he governed the house committed to him, and all things that were delivered to him: And the Lord blessed the house of the Egyptian for Joseph's sake, and multiplied all his substance, both at home and in the fields.
One cup of tea became several.
How many cups of tea do you drink per day?
Is it possible to drink too much tea?
Tom ate a tea sandwich.
Tom ate a small sandwich.
The tea will be served at four.
The tea will be served at p.m.
The tea was served with scones.
Scones are often served with clotted cream and jam.
The tea was served with scones, clotted cream and jam.
Tom took a tea break.
We took a tea break.
We spoke Berber every day.
Yennayer is on January 12.
Neither knew he any other thing, but the bread which he ate.
And Joseph was of a beautiful countenance, and comely to behold.
My ex-husband wants to ruin my new relationship.
My ex wants to ruin my new relationship.
Tom is an Internet celebrity.
Tom is a vlogger.
Did you get married yet?
She came back from her vacation.
Has he reached pensionable age yet?
You are as inactive as a bagpiper’s pinky.
One’s own dog doesn’t make noise — he only barks.
You have nightmares.
Tom tells a lot of lies.
I tend not to fight people.
I'm going to level with you.
That's what my mom told me.
That's what my mother told me.
Tom is a math prodigy.
I am diligently studying German vocabulary.
I didn't want to eat what Tom made for us.
I'm surprised Tom did such a thing.
I'm tired of your bragging.
I'm eating dinner with my wife.
I'm going to be here for several days.
Mint grows like a weed.
I'm sure that you'll be able to do that.
The law came into effect on the day it was proclaimed.
I hope to be able to go to Sweden someday.
I'm right where I'm supposed to be.
I'm exactly where I should be.
I'd like to read the newspaper as soon as you're finished with it.
I'd like to read the newspaper as soon as you finish with it.
I'm not good at writing songs.
Is there anything we can do to minimize the risk?
I'm really sorry to hear about that.
I'm sure I know that guy from somewhere.
You have a busy week ahead of you.
I went to Australia as an exchange student.
What is the likelihood of surviving?
And after many days, his mistress cast her eyes on Joseph, and said: Lie with me.
But he in no wise consenting to that wicked act said to her: Behold, my master hath delivered all things to me, and knoweth not what he hath in his own house: Neither is there any thing which is not in my power, or that he hath not delivered to me, but thee, who art his wife; how then can I do this wicked thing, and sin against my God?
With such words as these day by day, both the woman was importunate with the young man, and he refused the adultery.
Now it happened on a certain day, that Joseph went into the house, and was doing some business, without any man with him: And she catching the skirt of his garment, said: Lie with me. But he leaving the garment in her hand, fled, and went out.
I bought a red belt.
And when the woman saw the garment in her hands, and herself disregarded, she called to her the men of her house, and said to them: See, he hath brought in a Hebrew, to abuse us: he came in to me, to lie with me; and when I cried out, and he heard my voice, he left the garment that I held, and got him out.
I have two pens.
Take these books with you.
I didn't even notice he had a Kabyle accent.
I wrote her a song in Berber.
My family is in Kabylie.
He lives in Kabylie.
We're on our way to Kabylie.
She has a nice Kabyle dress.
She was trying on a Kabyle dress.
I have a picture of her in a Kabyle dress.
For her birthday, I got her a Kabyle dress.
She bought a Kabyle dress.
We started driving to Kabylie.
We were going north, towards Kabylie.
He celebrated his birthday in Kabylie.
I have no friends in Kabylie.
He has no family in Kabylie.
They were wearing Kabyle dresses.
I don't want to stay in Kabylie.
For a proof therefore of her fidelity, she kept the garment, and shewed it to her husband when he returned home: And said: The Hebrew servant, whom thou hast brought, came to me to abuse me. And when he heard me cry, he left the garment which I held, and fled out.
His master hearing these things, and giving too much credit to his wife's words, was very angry, and cast Joseph into the prison, where the king's prisoners were kept, and he was there shut up.
But the Lord was with Joseph, and having mercy upon him gave him favour in the sight of the chief keeper of the prison.
Who delivered into his hand all the prisoners that were kept in custody: and whatsoever was done, was under him. Neither did he himself know any thing, having committed all things to him: for the Lord was with him, and made all that he did to prosper.
Tom poured himself tea.
Feral cats pose a major threat to wildlife.
That's why I didn't do it.
Please don't leave the city.
Please don't leave town.
The feeling of awkwardness did not leave me.
You're already leaving us?
You're already abandoning us?
Do not leave the vehicle until it has come to a full stop.
We firmly hold on to our principles.
I have the feeling that it's about time to read him the riot act.
The cat is under the red table.
We do not yet know everything about the crime.
Do you mind if it's a bit more?
Tom is fairly young, isn't he?
The value of this book has been halved.
Do you two want to eat lunch together?
Do you guys want to eat lunch together?
Democracy is the art of compromise.
Tom is familiar with what's going on.
It was my only choice.
Tom is convinced Mary is still alive.
It feels damp in here.
Tom is exactly where he wants to be.
It feels cold in here.
I feel obligated to do that for Tom.
Is it OK to park here?
Tom is poorer than you might think.
I've got a stiff neck.
Tom is likely to get married again.
I'm not easily fooled.
Tom is going home for the holidays.
I'm not a good artist.
Tom is faster than you might think.
I'm learning to drive.
Tom will be coming home next week.
I'll do it my own way.
Tom weighs about thirty kilograms.
I'll cross my fingers.
Tom is going to get married again.
I'd like to play golf.
Tom is getting better at swimming.
I won't pay this bill.
Tom is curious about that as well.
I need a bigger chair.
Tom gets along with his neighbors.
I like your apartment.
Tom gambled away his life savings.
I like milk in my tea.
Tom and Mary have a cute daughter.
I lay awake all night.
I saw Tom getting into Mary's car.
I heard a pistol shot.
Tom wants to sit near the window.
I had trouble parking.
Tom wants to go abroad next year.
I feel a bit nauseous.
Tom is going to be on TV tonight.
I bought it on credit.
Tom is going to Boston next year.
I long for an uninhibited way of life.
They won't do the dishes.
Please take a day off from school.
Of course I am aware of that.
Nobody's dying.
He majors in French literature.
Her name sounds familiar.
I couldn't get this jar open.
Take a bath immediately.
They whisper in the streets and in the squares that we’re going to get divorced soon.
I hope Mary will help me.
We're in Kabylie.
She lives in Kabylie, too.
She lives in Kabylie as well.
He is a sad boy.
He is a lucky lad.
Tom was never cruel.
Tom and I played PES all day.
Tom beats me at FIFA every time.
I was still in Kabylie at the time.
He lives in Kabylie to this day.
He never, ever went to Kabylie.
After this, it came to pass, that two eunuchs, the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, offended their lord.
And Pharaoh being angry with them, (now the one was chief butler, the other chief baker,) he sent them to the prison of the commander of the soldiers, in which Joseph also was prisoner.
But the keeper of the prison delivered them to Joseph, and he served them. Some little time passed, and they were kept in custody.
And they both dreamed a dream the same night, according to the interpretation agreeing to themselves.
And when Joseph was come into them in the morning, and saw them sad, he asked them, saying: Why is your countenance sadder today than usual?
No one has asked the separatists to speak in the name of all the Kabyles.
She looks cute in her Kabyle dress.
Her ex lives in Kabylie.
He spent the rest of the week in Kabylie.
He lived in Kabylie for four years.
He made a website about Kabylie.
He said he liked Kabylie.
They answered: We have dreamed a dream, and there is nobody to interpret it to us. And Joseph said to them: Doth not interpretation belong to God? Tell me what you have dreamed:
He shared his entire life story with me.
I have made many friends in Kabylie.
He lived in Algiers and I lived in Kabylie.
I was with my family in Kabylie.
Why did you stay in Kabylie?
He didn't want to go to Kabylie.
He took some pictures in Kabylie.
I didn't want to go to Kabylie.
I went to Kabylie.
They read.
Most of you know, I grew up in Kabylie.
You have even never been to Kabylie.
You're going to Kabylie soon.
Why are we in Kabylie?
I have already been to Kabylie.
I flew back to Algeria.
I flew to Algeria.
"Where are you?" "I'm in Kabylie."
I was used to this when I lived in Kabylie.
She's a fourteen-year-old from Kabylie.
After staying in Kabylie all those years, I decided to move back to Algiers.
I remember I had Berber class with her.
I was excited whenever I had Berber class with her.
She wore her cutest Kabyle dress.
She's so cute in her Kabyle dress.
They had Berber class together.
He bought her a Kabyle dress on Valentine's Day.
He doesn't want to go to Kabylie anymore.
I have just visited Kabylie.
I was planning on moving to Kabylie in April of 2014.
She's so pretty in her Kabyle dress.
I told him that I wanted to move to Kabylie in April.
I did that before I moved to Kabylie.
Do you want to help me move to Kabylie?
I'm moving to Kabylie next week.
Father wanted me to move to Kabylie to help him.
The chief butler first told his dream: I saw before me a vine, on which were three branches, which by little and little sent out buds, and after the blossoms brought forth ripe grapes: and the cup of Pharaoh was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into the cup which I held, and I gave the cup to Pharaoh.
How big she is!
I took many selfies in Kabylie.
He moved to Kabylie on a whim.
He wanted to work in Kabylie.
He was controlling every single aspect of her life.
He lived in a little studio apartment in Kabylie.
He wanted to move to Kabylie, too.
Father is in Kabylie, visiting family.
I can't tolerate his bad behaviour.
I decided to go to Kabylie.
This story has changed me for life.
Is it legal to recreationally hunt kangaroos in Austria?
Kangaroos are causing major headaches for Austrian farmers.
Joseph answered: This is the interpretation of the dream: The three branches are yet three days, after which Pharaoh will remember thy service, and will restore thee to thy former place: and thou shalt present him the cup according to thy office, as before thou was wont to do.
Only remember me when it shall be well with thee, and do me this kindness: to put Pharaoh in mind to take me out of this prison: For I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews, and here without any fault was cast into the dungeon.
Hey, you're early!
Rubella is also called 'German measles' in English, while Germans call rickets 'the English disease'.
The chief baker seeing that he had wisely interpreted the dream, said: I also dreamed a dream, that I had three baskets of meal upon my head: And that in one basket which was uppermost, I carried all meats that are made by the art of baking, and that the birds ate out of it.
Joseph answered: This is the interpretation of the dream: The three baskets, are yet three days, after which Pharaoh will take thy head from thee, and hang thee on a cross, and the birds shall tear thy flesh.
The third day after this was the birthday of Pharaoh: and he made a great feast for his servants, and at the banquet remembered the chief butler, and the chief baker. And he restored the one to his place, to present him the cup. The other he hanged on a gibbet, that the truth of the interpreter might be shewn.
But the chief butler, when things prospered with him, forgot his interpreter.
After two years Pharaoh had a dream. He thought he stood by the river, out of which came up seven kine, very beautiful and fat: and they fed in marshy places.
Other seven also came up out of the river, ill-favoured, and lean fleshed: and they fed on the very bank of the river, in green places. And they devoured them, whose bodies were very beautiful and well conditioned.
So Pharaoh awoke. He slept again, and dreamed another dream.
Seven ears of corn came up upon one stalk full and fair. Then seven other ears sprung up thin and blasted, and devoured all the beauty of the former.
Pharaoh awaked after his rest.
Now the earth was formless and empty. Darkness was on the surface of the deep. God's Spirit was hovering over the surface of the waters.
Please correct my mistakes.
I am willing to accept criticism.
I am happy to accept criticism.
I am happy to receive corrections.
Please feel free to correct my mistakes.
Please feel free to correct my grammar.
I'm still learning; please feel free to correct my mistakes.
I haven't been to Kabylie in a very long time.
I haven't been to Kabylie for almost a year.
You should just move on with your life.
He spent more than a year in Kabylie.
We planned a trip to Kabylie.
He came here to Kabylie.
He decided to come here to Kabylie.
They're coming from Kabylie.
We stayed less than two weeks in Kabylie.
He knows Kabylie like the back of his hand.
He came to Kabylie to see me.
I'd rather die than marry Tom.
He used to work at a petstore in Kabylie.
You fucked my life and now, I'm gonna fuck yours.
I ordered couscous.
He has a farm.
She has a farm.
We have a farm.
The nearest town is behind the hills.
There are more houses behind those houses.
I was brought up on a farm.
You all know how important water is to life.
He's giving Berber lessons in the library.
One who is able to understand, does not need explanations.
I told you I grew up in Kabylie and I'm a JSK fan.
On Earth, there is life everywhere you look.
Could this planet support life?
Could this environment support life?
Life may exist on this planet.
When did life originate on Earth?
There is no life on Venus.
They pretend to pay, we pretend to work.
Thank you very much for your time.
Earth is the only place we know of that has life.
Is life present on Mars?
When did life pop up on our planet?
I have moved here to Kabylie.
Earth orbits the Sun.
Earth is nicknamed the blue planet.
There is plenty of oxygen on Earth.
My friend taught me Berber.
Is Berber difficult to learn?
Will alien life be detected in my lifetime?
And when morning was come, being struck with fear, he sent to all the interpreters of Egypt, and to all the wise men: and they being called for, he told them his dream, and there was not any one that could interpret it.
Then at length the chief butler remembering, said: I confess my sin.
The Universe is probably teeming with simple life.
Whoever speaks the truth will have to tie up the donkey.
My home country is Algeria.
Algeria is the country where I was born.
The king being angry with his servants, commanded me and the chief baker to be cast into the prison of the captain of the soldiers, where in one night both of us dreamed a dream foreboding things to come.
They are destroying the garden.
That woman gave me a flyer.
There was there a young man a Hebrew, servant to the same captain of the soldiers: to whom we told our dreams, and we heard what afterwards the event of the thing proved to be so. For I was restored to my office: and he was hanged upon a gibbet.
Forthwith at the king's command Joseph was brought out of the prison, and they shaved him: and changing his apparel brought him in to him.
As a small child, we moved to Kabylie.
I grew up in Kabylie, in a fairly religious environment.
She was playing Kabyle music.
Tom and I are planning to go to Boston next autumn.
I went to college in Kabylie, Algeria.
We have just moved to Kabylie.
I thought that moving to Kabylie would be the best idea.
I texted him in Berber.
I have to repair them.
She texted back in Berber.
And he said to him: I have dreamed dreams, and there is no one that can expound them: Now I have heard that thou art very wise at interpreting them.
If music is the universal language how do you say, "A large coffee, double cream, no sugar"?
She likes dancing to Kabylie music.
I ate some couscous.
I ate couscous.
I'm gonna eat couscous.
Joseph answered: Without me, God shall give Pharaoh a prosperous answer.
The weight of a package minus its contents is the packaging weight or the tare weight.
So Pharao told what he had dreamed: Methought I stood upon the bank of the river, and seven kine came up out of the river, exceeding beautiful and full of flesh: and they grazed on green places in a marshy pasture.
And behold, there followed these, other seven kine, so very ill-favoured and lean, that I never saw the like in the land of Egypt. And they devoured and consumed the former, and yet gave no mark of their being full: but were as lean and ill-favoured as before.
Let's call her Taninna.
I know a lot of people in Kabylie.
They made my life a living hell.
He's reading the Bible in Berber.
He had a long-distance relationship with a girl from Kabylie, Algeria.
She hates going to Kabylie.
I tasted the couscous and it was excellent.
I like couscous and she likes it, too.
I eat couscous every Friday.
She looks nicer in her Kabyle dress.
She's dating someone from Kabylie.
Life is everywhere on Earth.
Don't piss me off.
Tom has a devil-may-care attitude to life.
I awoke, and then fell asleep again, and dreamed a dream: Seven ears of corn grew up upon one stalk, full and very fair. Other seven also thin and blasted, sprung of the stalk: And they devoured the beauty of the former: I told this dream to the conjecturers, and there is no man that can expound it.
Judaism includes the belief that everyone is born innocent.
Joseph answered: The king's dream is one: God hath shewn to Pharaoh what he is about to do.
The seven beautiful kine, and the seven full ears, are seven years of plenty: and both contain the same meaning of the dream.
And the seven lean and thin kine that came up after them, and the seven thin ears that were blasted with the burning wind, are seven years of famine to come: Which shall be fulfilled in this order. Behold, there shall come seven years of great plenty in the whole land of Egypt, after which shall follow other seven years of so great scarcity, that all the abundance before shall be forgotten: for the famine shall consume all the land, and the greatness of the scarcity shall destroy the greatness of the plenty.
Two eagles cannot live together.
She has a cat.
For the famine shall consume all the land, and the greatness of the scarcity shall destroy the greatness of the plenty.
Everything must be perfect.
Everything must be flawless.
It's difficult for me to say no.
Tom has a personal website.
And for that thou didst see the second time a dream pertaining to the same thing: it is a token of the certainty, and that the word of God cometh to pass, and is fulfilled speedily.
Tom reported the incident to the police.
Tom sat next to me in the cafeteria.
Mary sat next to me in the cafeteria.
Tom sat next to Mary in the cafeteria.
Solresol is an artificial language that you can speak, sing, whistle or play on an instrument.
Now therefore let the king provide a wise and industrious man, and make him ruler over the land of Egypt. That he may appoint overseers over all the countries: and gather into barns the fifth part of the fruits, during the seven fruitful years, that shall now presently ensue: and let all the corn be laid up, under Pharaoh's hands, and be reserved in the cities. And let it be in readiness, against the famine of seven years to come, which shall oppress Egypt, and the land shall not be consumed with scarcity.
How can you hurt the servant that Allah has forgiven?
The counsel pleased Pharaoh, and all his servants.
Reason thunders in its volcano.
And he said to them: Can we find such another man, that is full of the spirit of God?
He said therefore to Joseph: Seeing God hath shewn thee all that thou hast said, can I find one wiser and one like unto thee?
Having filled my suitcase, I hardly managed to close it.
Thou shalt be over my house, and at the commandment of thy mouth all the people shall obey: only in the kingly throne will I be above thee.
Only women may apply.
And again Pharaoh said to Joseph: Behold, I have appointed thee over the whole land of Egypt.
Everything has its beauty, but not everybody sees it.
We were so tired that we ourselves asked to be put to bed.
You got pregnant.
An old woman sang to me.
I want a hat.
John hasn’t come back yet, but when he arrives, I’ll call you.
War is bad.
It was always like that.
And he took his ring from his own hand, and gave it into his hand: and he put upon him a robe of silk, and put a chain of gold about his neck.
I'm going to the supermarket. Stay here and take care of the house.
He managed to do something as an artist.
He came a few days later.
Let's assume he would be here.
Let's assume you get super-rich by betting on races.
And he made him go up into his second chariot, the crier proclaiming that all should bow their knee before him, and that they should know he was made governor over the whole land of Egypt.
Your sorrow is my sorrow.
Her family is in Kabylie.
We Algerians need to stand together like a united front.
Never dare to call me a thief again.
She borrowed my shirt without asking.
She has a lot of Kabyle dresses.
She wanted her Kabyle dress back.
She knew that Kabyle dress was mine.
She never wore a Kabyle dress.
I can't be friends with someone who completely despises the Berber languages.
I can put them back in the drawer if you want.
He was renting a house in Kabylie.
She tried the Kabyle dress on.
Can I try your Kabyle dress on?
She stole Taninna's Kabyle dress.
She's eating couscous.
It's a free translation but it sounds much more natural.
He was very surprised.
She was very surprised.
I felt I had to intervene.
And the king said to Joseph: I am Pharaoh: without thy commandment no man shall move hand or foot in all the land of Egypt.
And he turned his name, and called him in the Egyptian tongue the saviour of the world. And he gave him to wife Aseneth, the daughter of Putiphare, priest of Heliopolis.
He is really pissed at me.
She is really pissed at me.
He is really pissed off at me.
She is really pissed off at me.
He is really pissed off with me.
She is really pissed off with me.
Then Joseph went out to the land of Egypt. (Now he was thirty years old when he stood before king Pharaoh), and he went round all the countries of Egypt.
And the fruitfulness of the seven years came: and the corn being bound up into sheaves, was gathered together into the barns of Egypt. And all the abundance of grain was laid up in every city.
Do you want to read a book?
What a beautiful girl!
I like to cook different meals.
There are many languages in the world.
Every day is a good day.
Red roses are beautiful flowers.
Tom acts like a dog in the manger.
Tom had a Vietnam flashback.
And there was so great abundance of wheat, that it was equal to the sand of the sea, and the plenty exceeded measure.
And before the famine came, Joseph had two sons born: whom Aseneth, the daughter of Putiphare, priest of Heliopolis, bore unto him.
And he called the name of the firstborn Manasses, saying: God hath made me to forget all my labours, and my father's house.
And he named the second Ephraim, saying: God hath made me to grow in the land of my poverty.
The earth is like a big magnet.
Sorry about my mistakes.
Sorry about my mistakes; I'm a beginner.
Give me the soap.
Sorry about my mistakes; I'm a beginner. I'm glad to accept corrections.
Sorry about my mistakes; I'm a beginner. Corrections are welcome.
Now when the seven years of plenty that had been in Egypt were passed, the seven years of scarcity, which Joseph had foretold, began to come: and the famine prevailed in the whole world, but there was bread in all the land of Egypt.
And when there also they began to be famished, the people cried to Pharaoh, for food. And he said to them: Go to Joseph, and do all that he shall say to you.
And the famine increased daily in all the land: and Joseph opened all the barns, and sold to the Egyptians: for the famine had oppressed them also.
And all provinces came into Egypt, to buy food, and to seek some relief of their want.
Tom was taken to the hospital for alcohol poisoning.
Mary couldn't help but laugh.
There was no reason to panic.
Tom told himself that there was no reason to panic.
Mary told herself that there was no reason to panic.
Pour the tea into the cup.
I bought a kilogram of sugar, and she used the whole amount for an enormous cake.
How many rams are there in the flock?
I was angry and bewildered.
My job begins at eight o'clock in the morning.
Nature is beautiful in spring.
All to go to cleaning
Speak politely to each other or say nice words to earch other
Beautiful eyes
Well, goodbye.
I was really glad.
She didn't help me.
I hate it when the tongue of my shoe slides to the side.
It is a beautiful hat.
It's my cat.
He is a good man.
Say good things to each other.
Is your mother home at the moment?
Capitalism will cut down the tree if it can't sell its shadow.
I want a cab now.
And Jacob hearing that food was sold in Egypt, said to his sons: Why are ye careless? I have heard that wheat is sold in Egypt: Go ye down, and buy us necessaries, that we may live, and not be consumed with want.
Turn the fan on.
We were sitting on the mat.
So the ten brethren of Joseph went down, to buy corn in Egypt, whilst Benjamin was kept at home by Jacob, who said to his brethren: Lest perhaps he take any harm in the journey.
He is a fat man.
And they entered into the land of Egypt with others that went to buy. For the famine was in the land of Canaan.
This kind of odour is really terrifying.
It is my pleasure to wait for a beautiful lady.
This publisher specializes in children's literature.
Sorry, I forgot to bring the book I meant to return to you.
I know how to write fifty-four Chinese characters.
He reprimanded me for my oversight.
The summer was over in no time.
Nothing to do with you.
I cannot understand my school mate's Cantonese.
What are you doing in Lucia's house?
Some things I will never be able to learn in my lifetime.
You are too indifferent to those around you.
I want this Japanese-Chinese dictionary.
Have you forgotten your German lesson?
And Joseph was governor in the land of Egypt, and corn was sold by his direction to the people.
And when his brethren had bowed down to him, and he knew them, he spoke as it were to strangers, somewhat roughly, asking them: Whence came you? They answered: From the land of Canaan, to buy necessaries of life.
Due to the regularity of the language, speaking Esperanto gives you the feeling of driving on a freeway because all hindrances have been removed. Grammatical exceptions in national languages act like stop signs on the brain and make you feel that you're driving in city traffic.
No one knows what will happen next.
I can't know what'll happen next.
You know what'll happen after twenty, thirty or fifty years?
And though he knew his brethren, he was not known by them.
And remembering the dreams, which formerly he had dreamed, he said to them: You are spies. You are come to view the weaker parts of the land.
But they said: It is not so, my lord; but thy servants are come to buy food.
Peter and I often go to the cinema.
The price of fish is on the rise.
What a strange country!
Who do I need to ask for permission?
Even his own shadow was enough to scare Peter.
They have a bent nose, like the beak of a crow.
Could you show me how this works?
They've announced the conviction.
You should stay away from Tomi.
We are all the sons of one man: we are come as peaceable men, neither do thy servants go about any evil.
And he answered them: It is otherwise: you are come to consider the unfenced parts of this land.
But they said: We thy servants are twelve brethren, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan: the youngest is with our father, the other is not living.
He saith, This is it that I said: You are spies.
I shall now presently try what you are: by the health of Pharaoh, you shall not depart hence, until your youngest brother come.
Send one of you to fetch him: and you shall be in prison, till what you have said be proved, whether it be true or false: or else by the health of Pharaoh you are spies.
His old friends turned their backs to him.
Her old friends turned their backs to her.
They have their phone turned off.
His phone's turned off.
Her phone's turned off.
Their phone's off.
So he put them in prison three days.
And the third day he brought them out of prison, and said: Do as I have said, and you shall live: for I fear God. If you be peaceable men, let one of your brethren be bound in prison: and go ye your ways, and carry the corn that you have bought, unto your houses.
And bring your youngest brother to me, that I may find your words to be true, and you may not die.
They did as he had said. And they talked one to another: We deserve to suffer these things, because we have sinned against our brother, seeing the anguish of his soul, when he besought us, and we would not hear: therefore is this affliction come upon us.
And Ruben, one of them, said: Did not I say to you: Do not sin against the boy; and you would not hear me? Behold his blood is required.
Have you checked under the sofa?
Have you checked under the couch?
We're real tight.
Tom and his friends form a tight crew.
We're a tight crew.
Tighten the screw.
Bring in your stomach as much as you can.
We were a tight crew.
And they knew not that Joseph understood, because he spoke to them by an interpreter.
And whose fault is that?
This isn't what I came for.
This is not what I came for.
Tom fell under Mary's spell.
Tom quickly fell under Mary's spell.
Tom never forgot his roots.
Tom never forgot where he came from.
Are you looking for something in particular?
Women are having children later in life.
Everybody's under suspicion.
I have a clock.
My wife and I have grown apart over the years.
I am a student at high school.
She speaks no Berber.
We flew back to Algeria.
Google will soon be able to translate from English to Berber.
I was listening to Kabyle music.
For all of human history, we've been banding together in groups.
For all of history, we thought we were alone in the universe. Until this day.
I was feeling his stare.
I need a witness.
I can't understand the type of person she is.
She worked for the radio station.
I couldn't talk to her.
I was already pretty drunk.
She was trying to mimic Michael Jackson's dance moves.
She was supposedly possessed by a demon.
She lied all the time.
She faked it.
She acted like she was possessed.
Tom is a jack of all trades, but master of none.
She went grocery shopping.
She returned from the store.
We were nothing but nice to her.
And he turned himself away a little while, and wept: and returning, he spoke to them.
And taking Simeon, and binding him in their presence, he commanded his servants to fill their sacks with wheat, and to put every man's money again in their sacks, and to give them besides provisions for the way: and they did so.
But they having loaded their asses with the corn went their way.
And one of them opening his sack, to give his beast provender in the inn, saw the money in the sack's mouth, and said to his brethren: My money is given me again; behold it is in the sack. And they were astonished, and troubled, and said to one another: What is this that God hath done unto us?
She confessed that she had feelings for me.
She pleasured herself when she thought about him.
Everyone has left.
First, we met in the Louvre.
She keyed my car all over.
She drank copious amounts of wine.
"Where are we going on vacation?" "Canada."
Why don't you play with the others?
The company is bankrupt.
Our company needs to become more efficient.
Tom's company is bankrupt.
Heʼs the oldest.
He is the oldest.
Tom declared bankruptcy.
Tom filed for bankruptcy.
Please be honest with me.
All my credit cards are maxed out.
All of Tom's credit cards are maxed out.
She is the oldest.
She's the oldest.
Tom was afraid that he was going to look stupid.
Tom was afraid that he was going to look stupid if he asked a question.
I was afraid I'd look stupid.
I was scared to ask questions because I didn't want to look stupid.
Tom was scared to ask questions because he didn't want to look stupid.
Just give me a minute to get changed.
Tom didn't know what question to ask.
Tom was so confused that he didn't even know what question to ask.
We can all breathe easy now. The danger's gone.
That was the most fun I've had in a long time.
I'm asking you because you're here right now.
I need to have breakfast first.
I'll need to have breakfast first.
Ask an expert first!
Think first, then talk.
Let's meet at around, say, PM in front of the café.
That took far longer than it should have.
If it really winds you up this much, maybe it's about time you log off.
Tom drinks two bottles of wine with each meal.
And they came to Jacob their father in the land of Canaan, and they told him all things that had befallen them, saying: The lord of the land spoke roughly to us, and took us to be spies of the country.
I was planning on telling you tomorrow.
I wasn't planning on telling you.
I wasn't planning on telling you that.
Tom maxed out all his credit cards.
Mary maxed out all her credit cards.
Tom maxed out his parents' credit card.
Tom put the teapot on the table.
Tom spilled some tea.
Tom had a long and happy life.
And we answered him: We are peaceable men, and we mean no plot. We are twelve brethren born of one father: one is not living, the youngest is with our father in the land of Canaan.
Mary had a long and happy life.
Tom had a long life.
Tom had a happy life.
This book is covered in marbled paper.
Tom has a short life line.
Tom has a short life line on his hand.
Tom has a long life line on his hand.
Tom was blinded by the sunlight.
Tom was blinded by the sunlight when he stepped out of the house.
Tom was blinded by the sunlight when he stepped out of the cave.
These cave paintings are beautiful.
Tom was blinded by the sunlight when he stepped out of his house for the first time in days.
This isn't a secret.
The stream was tainted crimson with blood.
I think you're the one I've been waiting for for years.
That's just how it appears to you.
I'm afraid of big, black, hairy tarantulas.
We want to attract top talent.
This company wants to attract top talent.
How far away is Tom's house?
How far away is Boston?
How far away is Japan?
How far away is the moon?
How far away is the sun?
How far are we from the sun?
How far away is this star?
How far away is this galaxy?
The squirrel was about six feet away from us.
The squirrel ate out of Tom's hand.
It looks like a different planet.
It looks like an alien landscape.
This desert looks like an alien landscape.
This landscape looks like an alien landscape.
This desert looks like a different planet.
This landscape looks like a different planet.
And he said to us: Hereby shall I know that you are peaceable men: Leave one of your brethren with me, and take ye necessary provision for your houses, and go your ways, and bring your youngest brother to me, that I may know you are not spies: and you may receive this man again, that is kept in prison: and afterwards may have leave to buy what you will.
The city is beautiful at night, but ugly during the day.
The cathedral burned down.
The cathedral was destroyed by an earthquake.
Everything is burning.
The fire is under control.
A fire broke out inside Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris.
This cathedral has a vaulted ceiling.
The cathedral contained many precious artworks.
The rescuers formed a human chain.
It isn't genuine, Tom.
The cathedral contained many precious works of art.
The cathedral contains many valuable works of art.
This road is steep.
Tom earns more than $million per year.
Tom earns less than $million per year.
Tom earns more than $100,per year.
Tom earns less than $100,per year.
Tom earns less than $10,per year.
Tom earns more than $10,per year.
I can't tell you off the top of my head, but I can try and find out for you.
The people around him watched, with ever-increasing jealousy, his well-balanced and happy family life, loving wife and significantly improved financial situation.
At first, I didn't know why.
I want cake, first and foremost.
Let's meet at the bridge by the station in half an hour.
We first met on the street.
You're certainly not overdressed.
The current education system makes students stupider rather than smarter.
The future is too important to be left to others.
How the hell are you using up so much toilet paper? Are you eating it?
This sort of thing only exists in Switzerland.
Her skirt is so long it reaches the ground.
Her skirt is so long it touches the ground.
While not particularly fruitful in other regards, the research did provide some insight into the environmental impact of the industry in question.
It couldn't be helped, I'm sorry.
I would read the novel if it were interesting.
They don't like Tom's dog.
Mary has two brothers and a sister.
Mary has two brothers and one sister.
Peter and his friend went for a walk in the park.
You had to thoroughly look into Tom's background.
They should dance with Mary.
They should've danced with Mary.
What'd you use?
What did you use?
The formerly homeless person now lives in a first-class residence.
When you smile, I feel like a piece of shit.
I think he has something to hide.
You're very joyful.
She was really satisfied.
Let others do the fighting.
I have no doubts about Endre's professional expertise, but nonetheless, he's quite arrogant.
She probably wants to say something.
He probably wants to say something.
He doesn't listen to my advice.
She doesn't listen to my advice.
The plug won't come out.
I work as a bus driver.
Swimming regularly is good for your health.
Swimming regularly is refreshing.
Swimming is refreshing.
I do a lap around the lake every morning.
I run at least a kilometre every morning.
I go running regularly.
I regularly attend training.
I go swimming weekly.
I swim regularly.
I stepped on a glass shard on the beach.
I stepped on something that cut my foot on the beach.
I go running every morning.
I'll watch all the adverts, maybe they're advertising something I need.
I watch all the adverts, in case they advertise something I need.
I don't want to watch ads.
I'll read the newspaper.
I'm reading through the newspaper.
Life returned to normal.
The murder happened yesterday.
She was truly satisfied.
She was very satisfied.
She was truly happy.
We don't have time to sleep.
The goal was achieved.
I don't want admiration, just recognition.
Tom played with his legos.
Tom went on a road trip.
Tom likes spicy food.
Tom is an all-around nice guy.
Tom is a really swell guy.
Tom is in the pool.
Tom dived into the pool.
When they had told this, they poured out their corn, and every man found his money tied in the mouth of his sack: and all being astonished together, their father Jacob said: You have made me to be without children: Joseph is not living, Simeon is kept in bonds, and Benjamin you will take away: all these evils are fallen upon me.
And Ruben answered him: Kill my two sons, if I bring him not again to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will restore him to thee.
But he said: My son shall not go down with you: his brother is dead, and he is left alone: if any mischief befall him in the land to which you go, you will bring down my grey hairs with sorrow to hell.
I can't wait ten minutes.
Ten percent is more than enough.
Switzerland is not Sweden.
That works every time.
Case solved!
Why doesn't he pick up the phone?
Tom is a beta male.
I think Tom is too beta for Mary.
I work for this company.
Is this the right road?
He wrote three pages.
In the meantime the famine was heavy upon all the land. And when they had eaten up all the corn, which they had brought out of Egypt, Jacob said to his sons: Go again, and buy us a little food.
Juda answered: The man declared unto us with the attestation of an oath, saying: You shall not see my face, unless you bring your youngest brother with you.
It costs two Euros.
If therefore thou wilt send him with us, we will set out together, and will buy necessaries for thee. But if thou wilt not, we will not go: for the man, as we have often said, declared unto us, saying: You shall not see my face without your youngest brother.
Today it's Wednesday.
Israel said to them: You have done this for my misery, in that you told him you had also another brother.
I would've read the novel if it'd been interesting.
God fucking dammit!
We bought a piece of land together.
I would like to thank you very much for your special support.
Tom died in December.
Last September she was in Paris.
Tom did not offer to help.
Tom was polite and smiled.
Mary was polite and smiled.
I don't mind telling you.
Tom thinks that the purpose of life is happiness.
Tom thinks that the purpose of life is not happiness.
Tom picked up the tape measure.
Tom struggled with the tape measure.
Tom ignored me completely.
Mary ignored me completely.
They ignored me completely.
He ignored me completely.
She ignored me completely.
Tom ignored Mary completely.
Tom did not help me.
Tom assembled the Ikea furniture.
Tom struggled to assemble the Ikea furniture.
Tom offered to pay.
Tom did not offer to pay.
Tom knew that he could turn to Mary for help.
Tom knew that he couldn't turn to Mary for help.
Why can't you ask them for forgiveness?
Tom climbed the Mont Blanc.
Tom climbed the Matterhorn.
Tom climbed Mount Everest.
Tom is a mountaineer.
Tom died despite Mary's help.
Tom climbed Mount Everest with the help of Sherpas.
Tom saw a squirrel in the distance.
The squirrel was more than sixty feet away.
The squirrel was more than sixty feet away from us.
Is a translator allowed to introduce a minor grammatical error in order to avoid ambiguity? Certainly, because the rule was made for man, not man for the rule.
Tom and Mary went hiking.
Tom and Mary went on a hiking trip.
Tom lives in a van.
Tom and Mary live in a van.
This is written in Albanian.
This is written in Portuguese.
But they answered: The man asked us in order concerning our kindred: if our father lived: if we had a brother: and we answered him regularly, according to what he demanded: could we know that he would say: Bring hither your brother with you?
Does your school have a language lab?
What's your mission in life? Do you know?
The strength of a chain depends on its weakest link.
The pancreas is a large gland that produces insulin.
The periscope allows the crewmen of the submarine to see everything that happens above the surface.
They're looking at my pretty rose.
They each drank half a liter of wine.
Don't treat young people like they're stupid.
What you wish to ignite in another must burn inside you.
In my garden there are conifers.
I found this to be a good wine.
Let's acknowledge our team is weaker than the U.S.'s.
I devoured a huge plate of noodles at lunch.
Can you understand Tom?
Are you able to understand Tom?
What does he want to buy?
Did any of you look out the window?
Have any of you looked out the window?
It'll be summer soon in Antarctica, won't it?
Summer's beginning soon in Antarctica, isn't it?
You worshipped idols.
Tom called me by the wrong name.
For some expressions, it's not so easy to find an appropriate translation.
Why do cosmetics have an expiration date?
He lives in his own flat.
Tom calmly explained the situation.
That looks cool.
Dragons are cool.
Tom spotted a pattern in the data.
Mary was very persuasive.
Tom guessed Mary's password.
Could you spare a dollar?
Tighten the screws.
How many cups of tea do you drink a day?
Tom drinks several cups of coffee every morning before he goes to work.
Look at that view.
Bring two.
Take two.
I have no idea what we're supposed to do right now.
I just sold it.
I'm grateful for your contributions.
I'm not going to ask them to leave.
I still don't have anything.
I don't have anything yet.
Don't use the black pen.
I just spoke to them about that.
I still can't figure out this puzzle.
I'm skimming Tom's report now.
He was faking.
I'm sure that I'll miss Tom a lot.
I'm sure I'll miss Tom a lot.
She was faking.
He was pretending.
She was pretending.
I was pretending.
I need to go get a duplicate key made.
In the afternoon, we played volleyball on the beach.
I'm not sure if Tom wants to talk to me.
I'm not sure whether Tom wants to talk to me.
Let me teach you a better way to do that.
Do you think Tom would like to go camping with us next weekend?
Do you think that Tom would like to go camping with us next weekend?
This bag is made from vegan leather.
Mary has a vegan leather handbag.
The squirrel was more than twenty meters away from us.
If you support Trump, you're a bad person.
Don't look so conspicuous over there.
I waited in the lobby for three hours.
I'm proud to have Tom as a friend.
Do you think Tom would like to go fishing with us next weekend?
Do you think that Tom would like to go fishing with us next weekend?
I'm hungry because I haven't eaten all day.
I'm lucky to have good friends.
How much does a fishing license cost?
I haven't seen my ex-wife since we got divorced.
I'm going to buy some orange juice.
I'm not sure when Tom will come back.
I'm not sure when Tom will get back.
I'm not sure when Tom will arrive.
I'm thinking of having dinner at six.
I'm thinking of having dinner at 6:00.
I'm thinking of having dinner at six o'clock.
I'm also thinking of going to Australia.
I'm thinking of going to Australia, too.
I'm thinking of going to Australia as well.
I, too, am thinking of going to Australia.
What I'm about to tell you really happened.
I'm angry that Tom didn't call me.
I'm living in Boston at the moment.
I'm too drunk for this now.
I'm responsible for protecting Tom.
I'm going to leave one day early.
I'm going to leave one day earlier than I had planned to.
I'm tired of going to conferences.
I'm getting married to Mary in October.
I'm looking forward to Tom's present.
I hope that Tom gets back safely.
I hope Tom gets back safely.
I'm not at all satisfied with the way Tom did that.
I'm at the train station, waiting for a train.
I'm going to Boston for the weekend.
I'm having a great time in Australia.
I'm going to my sister's wedding this weekend.
I'm going to leave early today.
I'm going to leave work early today.
I'm sure Tom is guilty.
I'm sure that Tom is guilty.
I'm going to take care of that customer.
I'm going to be staying at the Hilton Hotel.
I'm afraid that we're out of stock.
I'm afraid we're out of stock.
I'm comfortable right where I am now.
I'm going to do that right away.
I just sold that.
Tom doesn't drive through the city.
Maybe they should hear it.
Pollution is a growing problem.
I'm glad you found the money you lost.
I'm glad that you found the money you lost.
I'm glad you found the money that you lost.
I'm glad that you found the money that you lost.
She sleeps like a baby.
There are five states in Turkmenistan
I baked a bread.
My brother planted different vegetables.
I guess the weather will be hot today.
There are many work to do at home on Sunday.
Children have summer holidays.
There are five fingers in a hand.
We often eat ice-cream during summer.
And Juda said to his father: Send the boy with me, that we may set forward, and may live: lest both we and our children perish.
I shall minute the meeting.
She's sleeping like a baby.
I take the boy upon me, require him at my hand: unless I bring him again, and restore him to thee, I will be guilty of sin against thee for ever.
If delay had not been made, we had been here again the second time.
Then Israel said to them: If it must needs be so, do what you will: take of the best fruits of the land in your vessels, and carry down presents to the man, a little balm, and honey, and storax, myrrh, turpentine, and almonds.
And take with you double money, and carry back what you found in your sacks, lest perhaps it was done by mistake. And take also your brother, and go to the man.
And may my almighty God make him favourable to you: and send back with you your brother, whom he keepeth, and this Benjamin: and as for me I shall be desolate without children.
It's beautiful out.
He seemed young in comparison to his little brother.
Education manufactures machines that act like humans and produce humans who act like machines.
Do you see who's coming to our house?
We're studying music.
This I can sell at cost.
Possession of firearms is a criminal offense.
Possession of firearms is a misdemeanor.
This is a megaphone.
Football is the national sport of the Netherlands.
Soccer is the national sport of the Netherlands.
My brother-in-law speaks in a refined manner.
They walked through the market.
Unexpected complications have prevented him from coming.
They were walking through the market.
Can you see who's coming to our house?
Why do you put it here?
Both Tom and Mary looked down.
Both Tom and Mary lowered their gaze.
He vanished without a trace.
I'm afraid we don't have that in stock.
So the men took the presents, and double money, and Benjamin: and went down into Egypt, and stood before Joseph.
And when he had seen them, and Benjamin with them, he commanded the steward of his house, saying: Bring in the men into the house, and kill victims, and prepare a feast: because they shall eat with me at noon.
When did the plane land at Narita?
He told me he was planning to visit Nara next month.
Nara is a quiet and clean city.
Nara is a city that I like very much.
He did as he was commanded, and brought the men into the house.
Which one is my left hand?
Put aside everything that's unnecessary.
Do I need to report to you about everything?
I'm reporting that there's nothing to report.
I'll give a report this evening.
In fact, he's a multimillionaire.
You'd better chain up the dog so that she won't bite.
One of the poles is negative, while the other is positive.
They received a positive response.
I'm trying to figure out what's going on.
I'm just trying to figure out what's going on.
You should chain the dog up, so he won't bite anyone.
You should chain the dog up, so he won't bite anybody.
And they being much afraid, said there one to another: Because of the money, which we carried back the first time in our sacks, we are brought in: that he may bring upon us a false accusation, and by violence make slaves of us and our asses.
Wherefore, going up to the steward of the house, at the door, they said: Sir, we desire thee to hear us. We came down once before to buy food: And when we had bought, and were come to the inn, we opened our sacks, and found our money in the mouths of the sacks: which we have now brought again in the same weight.
And we have brought other money besides, to buy what we want: we cannot tell who put it in our bags.
Tom was helped by a Good Samaritan.
Tom was rescued by a Good Samaritan.
Tom rescued the injured squirrel.
Tom gave the man CPR.
Tom gave Mary CPR.
Tom gave the squirrel CPR.
Tom is a Good Samaritan.
Two people walked by, but they did not help Tom.
Tom helped the injured man.
Why don't you wait till tomorrow?
Mary walked by and helped Tom.
Tom is younger than all his friends.
A bedroom is for sleeping.
Are you allowed to pay by cheque?
When learning Japanese, I quickly discovered that many kanji are rarely used, and are often replaced with kana.
Please don't pop the blisters.
We don't get along well with our neighbors.
When crossing the street, you must look both ways to make sure there are no cars.
We can't across the river. In March the current is very strong when snow melts.
I'm not interested in talking to Tom.
I'm tired of listening to all of Tom's bragging.
I'm afraid it'll be a rainy day tomorrow.
I can't find my charger.
I'm too busy to attend the party.
I'm sure Tom mistook me for my brother.
I'm sure that Tom mistook me for my brother.
I'm uncertain what time Tom is coming.
I'm not certain what time I'm supposed to be there.
I'm wondering if this is a good time to buy the new model.
I don't watch TV as much as I used to when I was a kid.
I'm afraid I dislocated my right shoulder.
I'm afraid that I dislocated my right shoulder.
When stating the price to customers, Japanese clerks often type the number on a calculator and hold it up.
I think that we should send for a doctor.
I think we should send for a doctor.
I think that we need to call a doctor.
I think we need to call a doctor.
I'm not feeling well. Could you please send for a doctor?
This teacup is translucent.
I'm glad your team won the game.
Can I pay by check?
Can you please translate these sentences so that they sound as natural as possible?
Aaron James Ramsey (born December 1990) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Arsenal and the Wales national team.
I'm not sure that I really want to do that.
I'm not sure I really want to do that.
It's said that he's clever.
It's said that she's clever.
It's said that you're clever.
Tom used to talk about Mary a lot.
Everyone's on the beach.
I greeted them.
Tom used to talk to John about Mary a lot.
Don't use the hammer.
Do not use the hammer.
We saw another ship in the distance.
Don't use this hammer.
Don't use this pair of scissors.
Tom didn't offer to pay.
Tom didn't offer to help.
Tom didn't offer to help us.
I didn't know that apple trees grew from seeds.
Are the necessary basic facilities available ?
It has been a year since you started deceiving me.
I tried to make him happy, but I found it very difficult to do so.
Parents are sacred.
To read and learn more.
Her handwriting is clear.
Buildings are of white marble.
But he answered: Peace be with you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks. For the money, which you gave me, I have for good. And he brought Simeon out to them.
And having brought them into the house, he fetched water, and they washed their feet, and he gave provender to their asses.
But they made ready the presents, against Joseph came at noon: for they had heard that they should eat bread there.
Then Joseph came in to his house, and they offered him the presents, holding them in their hands; and they bowed down with their face to the ground.
The picture's tilted.
He was the kind of huntsman who could never successfully catch even a single animal.
But he courteously saluting them again, asked them, saying: Is the old man your father in health, of whom you told me? Is he yet living?
I saw them holding hands on the street.
Do you really have to be chatting on the phone right here? I couldn't care less about your personal life.
A good portion of those who took part in the programme were volunteers.
Thomas spent close to half his salary on cigarettes and alcohol.
Thomas spent close to half his salary on cigarettes and booze.
I didn't want him to hear too.
I didn't want her to hear too.
He threw the stolen bike into the bushes.
She threw the stolen bike into the bushes.
What's the most hens you've heard clucking at the same time?
What's the highest number of hens you've ever heard clucking at the same time?
Just give me my share.
Has no-one ever told you how clumsy you are?
He threw the stolen bike into the bush.
She threw the stolen bike into the bush.
Why are you learning Danish if all Danes know English anyway?
It looks really good from the waist up.
I tried to swim up the river.
I tried to swim against the river current.
And they answered: Thy servant our father is in health; he is yet living. And bowing themselves, they made obeisance to him.
The People set an ultimatum for the government at the protest.
The opposition had some harsh criticism for the leading party.
The leading party faced harsh criticism from the opposition.
And Joseph lifting up his eyes, saw Benjamin, his brother by the same mother, and said: Is this your young brother, of whom you told me? And he said: God be gracious to thee, my son.
Is this a bird?
Would it help to know I had trouble with this too while I was learning it?
The steam engine revolutionised the industry.
I don't know if I've answered your question.
Hello, I'm called Pekka. What are you called?
I hurt my big toe.
Many believe that men's souls live after death.
Don't make sudden movements when you drive.
Swim as much as you like.
It's a pleasure to ride a motorbike.
My friend is Neapolitan.
I await a detailed report.
Soya is a cereal.
Every room has a bed.
I had a commitment.
Buy as much as you like.
I don't want to eat today.
Go to the other side.
I'm ashamed to have done that.
I need to dance with you.
I'm sick of waiting!
I'm fed up of waiting!
Calm down, please.
They were also asked.
I had a dream.
Mary sleeps with a knife under her pillow.
I just don't want to weigh anyone down.
That's funny, I seem to have an audio recording of you telling me the exact opposite is true.
When you start trying to describe every tiny detail and putting a label on everything, languages become very complicated very fast.
And he made haste, because his heart was moved upon his brother, and tears gushed out: and going into his chamber, he wept.
This sentence is too long!
And when he had washed his face, coming out again, he refrained himself, and said: Set bread on the table.
Is the President going to resign?
He doesn't speak any Berber at all.
I'm born in October.
May is my favourite month.
And when it was set on, for Joseph apart, and for his brethren apart, for the Egyptians also that ate with him apart, (for it is unlawful for the Egyptians to eat with the Hebrews, and they think such a feast profane):
Can one justify the use of violence?
Aren't you going to tell me about what happened to Tom?
It is a kind of cat.
They sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his age. And they wondered very much; taking the messes which they received of him: and the greater mess came to Benjamin, so that it exceeded by five parts. And they drank, and were merry with him.
Why don't you tell us about it?
Productivity is the employee's most important characteristic.
The company is an attractive employer.
In Rotterdam another crew took over the ship.
I work in the field of art.
And Joseph commanded the steward of his house, saying: Fill their sacks with corn, as much as they can hold: and put the money of every one in the top of his sack. And in the mouth of the younger's sack put my silver cup, and the price which he gave for the wheat. And it was so done.
And when the morning arose, they were sent away with their asses.
Do you really not understand?
Do you really not get it?
I had to agree.
And when they were now departed out of the city, and had gone forward a little way: Joseph sending for the steward of his house, said: Arise, and pursue after the men: and when thou hast overtaken them, say to them: Why have you returned evil for good? The cup which you have stolen, is that in which my lord drinketh, and in which he is wont to divine: you have done a very evil thing.
Tom works at McDonald's.
He did as he had commanded him. And having overtaken them, he spoke to them the same words.
Tom works at Mickey D's.
Tom works at Macca's.
And they answered: Why doth our lord speak so, as though thy servants had committed so heinous a fact?
The money, that we found in the top of our sacks, we brought back to thee from the land of Canaan: how then should it be that we should steal out of thy lord's house, gold or silver?
With whomsoever of thy servants shall be found that which thou seekest, let him die, and we will be the bondmen of my lord.
And he said to them: Let it be according to your sentence: with whomsoever it shall be found, let him be my servant, and you shall be blameless.
Then they speedily took down their sacks to the ground, and every man opened his sack.
Which when he had searched, beginning at the eldest, and ending at the youngest, he found the cup in Benjamin's sack.
Things spun out of control very quickly.
Things spun out of control.
Tom wanted to deny it.
Mary wanted to deny it.
It wasn't a conscious decision.
Tom told me his life story.
Tom told Mary his life story.
I don't have time to listen to your life story.
Things spun out of control very quickly after that.
Things had spun out of control so quickly.
Things began to spin out of control.
Tom's car spun out of control.
Tom's life spun out of control.
Alcohol was a contributing factor.
Things went back to normal.
Tom is a digital native.
Tom is athletic and handsome.
Tom signed up for a free trial.
Tom has trained his whole life for this.
Tom is a digital immigrant.
Both Tom and Mary have lowered their gaze.
Tom is addicted to his phone.
Mary is addicted to her phone.
Why are people addicted to their phones?
Canada is sparsely populated.
Canada is one of the most sparsely populated countries in the world.
I'm the one who handled the problem.
I'm not able to fix the car by myself.
Why are people so addicted to their phones?
Silk is expensive.
There's a short-term task to be done for our team today.
The graffiti-covered building is ugly to look at.
It broke into two pieces.
As Mary entered the joiner's workshop, the goblin became invisible.
Oh no! I don't feel like doing that.
I'm almost never at home during the day.
Tell me the matter friend.
She is pretty.
That lock definitely must be broken.
It's a really beautiful day outside.
I won't tell anybody that you did that.
I won't tell anyone that you did that.
I won't tell anybody you did that.
I won't tell anyone you did that.
It's necessary for Tom to go himself.
It's quite likely that Tom will be late.
It's quite likely Tom will be late.
It's unlikely our team will win.
It isn't likely that our team will win.
It isn't likely our team will win.
Our team is unlikely to win.
It's wrong of you not to forgive Tom.
It's strange Tom hasn't come yet.
It isn't easy to figure out the cost.
It's about three hundred miles from here to Boston.
It's about miles from here to Boston.
It's an area with a lot of new houses.
It's a disadvantage to be ugly.
It'll be easier to do that yourself than to try to convince Tom to do it.
If Tom doesn't do that, I'll be disappointed.
If Tom knows what's good for him, he won't ever show his face around here again.
If you don't have money with you today, you can pay me tomorrow.
"Is it a disadvantage to be ugly?", asked Mary. "In this field, sure."
I'm sure that Tom will come to the party.
I'm sure Tom will come to the party.
I'm sure Tom will pass the upcoming exam.
I'm sure that Tom will pass the upcoming exam.
I'm only three years older than Tom is.
I'm only three years older than Tom.
I'm listening to a podcast.
I'm sure that Tom will come back soon.
I'm sure Tom will come back soon.
I'm more interested in spoken French.
Tom is a true netizen.
You should learn some netiquette.
Tom is cyberbullying me with fake accounts.
Then they rent their garments, and loading their asses again, returned into the town.
I can't stand going to class reunions.
Tom is a flat-earther.
Even though we were engaged, she wouldn't let me kiss her.
And Juda at the head of his brethren went in to Joseph (for he was not yet gone out of the place) and they all together fell down before him on the ground.
Tom, couldn't you be quiet for even ten seconds?
He threw himself into reading.
Tom has a hairless cat.
Don't listen to gossip.
And he said to them: Why would you do so? know you not that there is no one like me in the science of divining.
And Juda said to him: What shall we answer my lord? or what shall we say, or be able justly to allege? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants: behold, we are all bondmen to my lord, both we, and he with whom the cup was found.
Joseph answered: God forbid that I should do so: he that stole the cup, he shall be my bondman: and go you away free to your father.
Then Juda coming nearer, said boldly: I beseech thee, my lord, let thy servant speak a word in thy ears, and be not angry with thy servant: for after Pharaoh thou art.
My lord. Thou didst ask thy servants the first time: Have you a father or a brother.
And we answered thee, my lord: We have a father an old man, and a young boy, that was born in his old age; whose brother by the mother is dead; and he alone is left of his mother, and his father loveth him tenderly.
And thou saidst to thy servants: Bring him hither to me, and I will set my eyes on him.
We suggested to my lord: The boy cannot leave his father: for if he leave him, he will die.
Tom put on a warm jumper.
And thou saidst to thy servants: Except your youngest brother come with you, you shall see my face no more.
Therefore when we were gone up to thy servant our father, we told him all that my lord had said. And our father said: Go again, and buy us a little wheat.
And we said to him: We cannot go: if our youngest brother go down with us, we will set out together: otherwise, without him we dare not see the man's face.
Whereunto he answered: You know that my wife bore me two. One went out, and you said: A beast devoured him; and hitherto he appeareth not. If you take this also, and any thing befall him in the way, you will bring down my grey hairs with sorrow unto hell.
I'm only impressed by advice and principles that are followed by the person who's giving advice.
It was there that the lifeboat was found.
Stop always being like that!
Pay attention! Your personal space is in danger.
You look tired, really.
What came first: the chicken or the egg?
Was it the egg or the chicken that came first?
Everything you do is exactly right.
Will you promise to think about my offer?
I like your optimistic demeanor.
Anyone who considers themselves too important for small jobs is usually too small for important jobs.
I think you do a lot of work.
Tom hung up his coat behind the door.
Is he an uncle?
Tom hung his coat up behind the door.
I hate class reunions.
Why didn't you tell us this earlier?
A bucket list is a list of things you want to do before you die.
A bucket list is a list of things that you want to do before you die.
I won't tell anybody what you did.
I won't tell anyone what you did.
I'm always suspicious of men like Tom.
I'm getting along with Tom quite well.
I'm afraid that there's a misunderstanding.
I'm fed up with all this noise.
I'm tired of all this noise.
I'm going to Australia to study architecture.
I'm amazed at your fluency in French.
Tom is very fluent in French.
I'm the only one here who really knows Tom.
Our screwups won't damn us.
I hope to have that sort of opportunity again.
The tendency to be indignant at injustices allowed our ancestors to survive.
Are you really learning German? Since when?
Tom's the bad kind of patriot.
If there was a god who wanted to damn same-sex lovers to hell, I wouldn't worship it.
Tom told his friends that he never eats meat.
If I were God I would damn assholes to hell, not same-sex lovers.
This is a very ancient book.
God damned the murderer to hell.
Why tear down borders?
Who blew up the towers?
I can't be entirely sure.
Look at the earth from a spaceship; you won't notice any borders.
Things got better!
Please excuse me for lying about that.
Would you condemn your friend for the same thing?
That water never freezes.
I'm a peasant.
I'm a hillbilly.
That was a mistake; it doesn't damn you for all eternity.
People punish petty thieves but love big thieves.
I'm the one who usually does that.
Tom is crossing the street now.
Coal is a fossil fuel.
Tom is Canadian, but Mary isn't.
Do you have a partner?
Tom is doing so much better now.
Don't be such a prude.
Tom is in Boston and so is Mary.
How far is it to town?
Tom Jackson is running for mayor.
I asked for a receipt.
Tom is getting better at driving.
I'm no different from any other father.
I'm going to Boston to visit a friend.
I'm never going to let Tom forget that.
I'm going to study architecture.
I don't really know very much about computers.
I'm afraid something is wrong with Tom.
I'm sure Tom will do what he promised he'd do.
I'm sure that Tom will do what he promised he'd do.
I'm afraid you're sitting in the wrong seat.
I'm afraid that you're sitting in the wrong seat.
I'm afraid that something is wrong with Tom.
I'm sorry for lying about that.
I'm afraid I can't finish this report in time.
I'm sure that I can overcome any difficulty.
I'm afraid that I can't finish this report in time.
I'm afraid Tom won't be here until 2:30.
I'm afraid that Tom won't be here until 2:30.
I'm afraid that there isn't any coffee left.
I'm sorry, but I think that you're mistaken.
I'm not sure how to pronounce this word.
Are you sure you don't want to keep them?
It's 2:30.
What in the world does that mean?
I don't insult them.
Would you lie for me?
Tom will be going by himself.
You may speak freely.
Tom is counting the money now.
All of us ought to go.
Tom is crazy about basketball.
Always lock your door.
Tom has been poor all his life.
Are those apples ripe?
Tom is busy cooking supper now.
Can we meet on Monday?
He gets offended by the smallest things.
Hard times create strong men, strong men create good times, good times create weak men, and weak men create hard times.
Tom didn't know that I didn't know it, so he could think I knew it.
Therefore, if I shall go to thy servant, our father, and the boy be wanting, (whereas his life dependeth upon the life of him,) and he shall see that he is not with us, he will die, and thy servants shall bring down his grey hairs with sorrow unto hell.
Let me be thy proper servant, who took him into my trust, and promised, saying: If I bring him not again, I will be guilty of sin against my father for ever.
Therefore I, thy servant, will stay instead of the boy in the service of my lord, and let the boy go up with his brethren.
For I cannot return to my father without the boy, lest I be a witness of the calamity that will oppress my father.
Both Tom and Mary are looking down.
Why are you putting it here?
Don't put it on the carpet!
They're really tired out.
They're really tired.
Joseph could no longer refrain himself before many that stood by: whereupon he commanded that all should go out, and no stranger be present at their knowing one another.
And he lifted up his voice with weeping, which the Egyptians, and all the house of Pharaoh heard.
And he said to his brethren: I am Joseph: Is my father yet living? His brethren could not answer him, being struck with exceeding great fear.
And he said mildly to them: Come nearer to me. And when they were come near him, he said: I am Joseph, your brother, whom you sold into Egypt.
My goal is to learn English and French.
You can't buy dignity.
Dignity can't be bought.
Be not afraid, and let it not seem to you a hard case that you sold me into these countries: for God sent me before you into Egypt for your preservation.
I listen, but I don't hear.
For it is two years since the famine began to be upon the land, and five years more remain, wherein there can be neither ploughing nor reaping.
Once again
And God sent me before, that you may be preserved upon the earth, and may have food to live.
Who else?
A little bit more?
Can I call?
Would you like to know how you can earn the respect of the employees?
I will call
Please wake up. You're not allowed to sleep here.
We'll free the prisoners.
Please wake up. Sleeping here is prohibited.
Not by your counsel was I sent hither, but by the will of God: who hath made me as it were a father to Pharaoh, and lord of his whole house, and governor in all the land of Egypt.
To this very day I'm scared of the dentist.
A new truth is no less harmful than an old falsehood.
And why would you think I'm not lying right now?
How quickly can you learn Esperanto?
I hope you understand what I'm thinking about here.
I hope he understands what I'm thinking about here.
I hope she understands what I'm thinking about here.
I understood Tom's plan.
You see, Tom, your articles are like those drawings made by young children: not those bright, colourful works with some semblance of imagination - perhaps with lackluster execution - but rather, the drawings of a simple, everyday schoolchild.
Alright, alright, I was just careless and that's that.
This is fifty-five. No more, no less.
This is fifty-five. No more and no less.
Denis is the boss, yet he still makes polite requests for the performance of tasks by his employees, maybe even thanking them for their work. The workers respect him.
Mr. Kovács, you're about as creative at writing articles as my wife is at giving presents: every year she'll either get me socks, or a tie for Christmas.
Aid packages were delivered to those in need.
Please just don't give me such difficult questions.
A bumblebee flew in.
A bee flew in.
Tom made himself breakfast.
Tom made himself breakfast while Mary slept.
Tom read the morning paper.
Tom drove his car to his office.
Tom drove his car to his office downtown.
Mary made her husband's breakfast.
Mary made her husband breakfast.
Tom made Mary breakfast.
Tom made Mary breakfast in bed.
Mary was proud of her tea set.
It was the best tea I had ever had.
It was the best tea I had ever sipped.
It was the best tea I had ever drunk.
It was the best tea Tom had ever had.
It was the best tea Tom had ever sipped.
It was the best tea Tom had ever drunk.
It was the best tea Tom had ever enjoyed.
Please pour yourself a cup of tea.
Tom stayed in bed until noon.
Tom stayed in bed until lunchtime.
Make haste, and go ye up to my father, and say to him: Thus saith thy son Joseph: God hath made me lord of the whole land of Egypt; come down to me, linger not.
Tom toasted the bed.
Tom switched on the coffeemaker.
Tom had never had a job before.
Tom had never had a real job before.
Tom wrote his novel on a typewriter.
Tom wrote his novel on an old typewriter.
Tom took his favorite toy with him.
Tom put his toys back into the toy box.
Put your toys back into the toy box.
Everything looked normal.
Tom searched for Mary's name in the phone book.
A pair of bread slices popped up from the toaster.
The toast popped up from the toaster.
Tom put a slice of bread into the toaster.
Tom cut the slice of bread diagonally.
Tom dropped two slices into the toaster.
The toast popped up.
Tom put the slices on a plate.
Tom found some pizza in the refrigerator.
Tom helped himself to a slice.
Tom helped himself to a slice of pizza.
And thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen: and thou shalt be near me, thou and thy sons, and thy sons' sons, thy sheep, and thy herds, and all things that thou hast.
Tom put two more slices into the toaster.
The pieces of toast were burned.
The pieces of toast were toasted perfectly.
Tom put some jam on his toast.
Tom put some marmalade on his toast.
Tom waited for the toast to pop up.
Tom put the kettle on.
Tom is rather fond of tea.
Tom is rather fond of Mary.
Tom opened the oven door.
I sure hope Tom will come back soon.
I sure hope that Tom will come back soon.
Tom told his friends he never eats meat.
Tom hugged his parents.
Tom's parents hugged him.
I sure hope Tom comes back soon.
I sure hope that Tom comes back soon.
It's Monday night.
It'll be on Monday night.
The party will be on Monday.
This report is due on Monday.
This is Tom's fault.
The accident was Tom's fault.
It's Tom's first time.
It's Tom's first time here.
It's Tom's first time in Australia.
This is my first time to try doing it this way.
It's Tom's, isn't it?
The movie we saw was in French.
The book I'm planning to read next weekend is in French.
The book that I'm planning to read next weekend is in French.
The movie that we saw was in French.
All the letters I received from Tom were in French.
All the letters that I received from Tom were in French.
It's in French.
It's two-thirty.
It's a French book.
It's three pounds.
This package weighs three pounds.
It's mine, not Tom's.
That's Tom's car, isn't it?
From the outset I was prepared for the worst.
This isn't my first time to do this.
It's a common courtesy.
This battery is dead.
Tom is going to be confused.
Try to see it my way.
I saw Tom flirting with Mary.
What a splendid idea!
I told Tom to tell the truth.
When is the rent due?
Tom is likely to die tonight.
Stop giving me such difficult questions, please.
I saw an obstacle in the street.
The doctor says that happens because I'm always sitting.
Who're you saying has it?
Other people are going to get mad.
I have a similar feeling.
Do you have any ideas for the gift?
I went as soon as I was asked.
It rains more every time.
I never wear a jacket.
The doctor says to eat a variety of foods.
I come from there.
There's an island that's Spanish for half a year and French for the other half.
There are clean sheets under the bed.
There're clean sheets under the bed.
I have to change my profile picture.
The coat looks good on you.
And if you're the one who snores, it's me who can't sleep.
You snored that loud, I coudn't sleep.
And there I will feed thee, (for there are yet five years of famine remaining) lest both thou perish, and thy house, and all things that thou hast.
Behold, your eyes, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, see that it is my mouth that speaketh to you.
She sings like a nightingale.
You shall tell my father of all my glory, and all things that you have seen in Egypt: make haste and bring him to me.
And falling upon the neck of his brother Benjamin, he embraced him and wept: and Benjamin in like manner wept also on his neck.
And Joseph kissed all his brethren, and wept upon every one of them: after which they were emboldened to speak to him.
My mom really used to like telling anecdotes.
My mom really used to like telling funny stories.
You have very good luck.
The woman only knows how to cook rice.
The wife only knows how to cook rice.
I work with you.
And it was heard, and the fame was spread abroad in the king's court: The brethren of Joseph are come; and Pharaoh with all his family was glad.
My wife is going to the market.
I don't want you to work there.
Tom's cat is sick.
Mary is usually very understanding.
Tom doesn't see his brother often.
Tom doesn't often see his brother.
He's been looking for you.
He's been looking for you guys.
And he spoke to Joseph that he should give orders to his brethren, saying: Load your beasts, and go into the land of Canaan, and bring away from thence your father and kindred, and come to me; and I will give you all the good things of Egypt, that you may eat the marrow of the land.
Nice job!
Is Tom rich?
Why is Esperanto an underestimated language?
Give orders also that they take wagons out of the land of Egypt, for the carriage of their children and their wives; and say: Take up your father, and make haste to come with all speed.
"We were all children once." – "Even Nana?" – "Yes, even Nana." – " That I don't believe!"
And leave nothing of your household stuff; for all the riches of Egypt shall be yours.
And the sons of Israel did as they were bid. And Joseph gave them wagons according to Pharaoh's commandment: and provisions for the way.
He ordered also to be brought out for every one of them two robes: but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver, with five robes of the best, sending to his father as much money and raiment; adding besides, ten he-asses, to carry off all the riches of Egypt, and as many she-asses, carrying wheat and bread for the journey.
Tom spent a lot of time checking his homework.
Mary is spending too much time tidying her room.
Tom said he won't spend another minute working on the report.
I hope to spend another month traveling in Europe before I return to Boston.
How much time do you spend getting ready for work each day?
So he sent away his brethren, and at their departing said to them: Be not angry in the way.
I don't have a washing machine, so I go to the laundromat to wash my clothes.
And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan, to their father Jacob. And they told him, saying: Joseph, thy son, is living; and he is ruler in all the land of Egypt. Which when Jacob heard, he awaked as it were out of a deep sleep, yet did not believe them.
Good Shabbos.
Good Shabbos!
They, on the other side, told the whole order of the thing. And when he saw the wagons, and all that he had sent, his spirit revived, and he said: It is enough for me if Joseph, my son, be yet living: I will go and see him before I die.
I'm afraid that I can't finish this report on time.
I'm afraid I can't finish this report on time.
Please refer to the UML documentation for the detailed information about UML semantics and notation.
This is the guitar that I like the best.
This is the guitar I like the best.
I should change my profile picture.
I need to change my profile picture.
I think I should probably change my profile picture.
It's a bit further on up this road.
It's what Tom painted.
Tom painted this.
Tom painted this picture.
It's about three miles.
It's about three miles from here.
It's about three miles from here to my house.
The toast was toasted perfectly.
I see a book on the table.
What have I told you?
I love animal jokes.
John has become a policeman.
It's your turn to pay for lunch.
My father took off for China.
I sometimes go by bus and sometimes I walk.
I don't like the color of these shoes.
I'm not going to bite you.
Could I borrow this pair of scissors?
The reason Tom was late was because he got lost.
It's a Canadian company.
It's because I love Tom.
Do you have a tie I could borrow?
It's because Tom loves me.
The reason Tom does that for Mary is because he loves her.
The reason that Tom does that for Mary is because he loves her.
By the time the ambulance arrived, Tom was already dead.
It's not that easy, is it?
It wasn't that hard, was it?
It wasn't that difficult, was it?
It wasn't that soft, was it?
It's obvious Tom knows what he's talking about.
It's obvious that Tom knows what he's talking about.
That's one of the cars that I bought.
It isn't that easy, is it?
Do you have a tie that I could borrow?
The reason that Tom was late was because he got lost.
It's three blocks from here.
Tom served Mary breakfast in bed.
Tom earns more than a million dollars a year.
Tom didn't drive through the city.
Mary made breakfast for her husband.
Did you really not understand?
Did you really not get it?
I left as soon as I was asked.
I left as soon as I was asked to.
I left as soon as I was asked to leave.
That coat looks good on you.
The only thing my wife knows how to cook is spaghetti.
The only thing that my wife knows how to cook is spaghetti.
I should eat breakfast first.
I should eat breakfast before I do that.
That took a lot longer than it should've.
I think you're the one I've been waiting for for all these years.
I think that you're the one that I've been waiting for for all these years.
I think you're the one that I've been waiting for for all these years.
I think that you're the one I've been waiting for for all these years.
I hope you can understand what I'm saying.
Your snoring kept me up all night.
Why did you put it there?
Ali attended an Iftar meal hosted by Sami.
Tom attended a dinner hosted by John.
It's enough for three days.
That's a catchy tune.
I know three guys named Tom.
Tom can fix almost anything.
The window blew shut.
Tom is crazy about baseball.
There's lots of food.
Tom is going over to Mary's.
I'm making my own language, and none of you are invited to learn it!
Your door is always locked.
When I'm with that group, I never feel like I fit in. I always feel like I stick out.
Tom climbed all the way to the top.
Tom climbed all the way to the top of the mountain.
Tom climbed the corporate ladder.
Tom gave Mary a small wave.
I gave Tom a small wave.
Tom didn't wave back.
Mary didn't wave back.
Tom climbed all the way to the top of the tower.
Tom climbed all the way to the top of the hill.
Tom and Mary climbed all the way to the top of the mountain.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the tree.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the utility pole.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the telephone pole.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the power pole.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the electric pole.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the telegraph pole.
The squirrel climbed up the tree.
The squirrel climbed down the tree.
Tom climbed easily from rock to rock.
Tom hit the perfect wave.
The surfers waited for the perfect wave.
Mary gave her friend a small wave.
Mary gave her friend a small wave. She waved back.
Tom saw a couple kissing.
Tom wet his pants.
Tom almost wet his pants.
Are you afraid to stand on the edge?
Tom was afraid to stand on the edge.
Tom was afraid to stand on the edge of the cliff.
Tom slipped and fell down the Grand Canyon.
Tom peered over the edge.
Tom was afraid to jump off the cliff.
The cliffs aren't that high.
The water is transparent.
Tom grabbed his surfboard.
l don't think it's wrong.
Tom sat by the fire.
Tom and Mary sat by the fire.
Good luck with your test.
Tom climbed all the way to the top of the volcano.
This is an active volcano.
Do you know what time does the class start?
The story ends on a hopeful note.
The story ended on a hopeful note.
He was driving the car in one rainy evening.
The results speak for themselves.
Tom plays Magic: The Gathering.
Tom and Mary played Jenga.
Tom called for Mary's resignation.
Philosophy is an interesting field of study.
The researchers made a dramatic discovery.
Tom played Magic: The Gathering with his friends.
Istanbul was the capital of the Ottoman Empire.
Tom doesn't age.
Tom doesn't age. He just levels up.
Tom wanted to see the world.
Tom wants to see the world.
Tom wanted to travel and see the world.
Tom told Mary nothing about his plans.
Tom knew nothing about Mary's plans.
I want it to be over as soon as possible.
I just want it to be over as soon as possible.
Tom wanted it to be over as soon as possible.
Mary wanted it to be over as soon as possible.
Tom just wanted it to be over as soon as possible.
Tom just wanted to get it over and done with as soon as possible.
Tom had never done anything like this before.
Mary had never done anything like this before.
Tom just wanted all this to be over as soon as possible.
It always works out in the end.
Things always work out in the end.
Don't worry. Things always work out in the end.
This business is not complying with regulations.
This business is not complying with environmental regulations.
Relationships always work out in the end.
Tom was raised in a happy family.
Tom looked around for a place to sit.
The only free seat left was the one next to Tom.
The only free seat left was the one next to Mary.
Mary looked around for a place to sit.
John looked around for a place to sit.
I've got a new phone.
The most important thing is not to give him false expectations.
45-minute class period is good enough for me.
Whenever Tom speaks, everyone listens.
Let's analyze this picture.
I'm working with you.
I have to live my youth.
God saw the light, and saw that it was good. God divided the light from the darkness.
I said to myself, "Behold, I have obtained for myself great wisdom above all who were before me in Jerusalem. Yes, my heart has had great experience of wisdom and knowledge."
I applied my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly. I perceived that this also was a chasing after wind.
For in much wisdom is much grief; and he who increases knowledge increases sorrow.
I applied my heart to seek and to search out by wisdom concerning all that is done under the sky. It is a heavy burden that God has given to the children of mankind to be afflicted with.
I, Kohelet, was king over Yisrael in Yerushalayim.
All things are full of weariness beyond uttering. The eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing.
That which has been is that which shall be; and that which has been done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
Is there a thing of which it may be said, "Behold, this is new?" It has been long ago, in the ages which were before us.
The sun also rises, and the sun goes down, and hurries to its place where it rises.
The wind goes toward the south, and turns around to the north. It turns around continually as it goes, and the wind returns again to its courses.
Who will take care of your house when you're away?
Who'll take care of your house when you're away?
In my opinion, no.
She certainly was a beautiful woman when she was young.
She was undoubtedly a beautiful woman when she was young.
He sat and read a book.
In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
I saw a few birds fly away.
Every child can do that.
Every kid can do that.
Do you have a free room?
Now the earth was completely empty. Darkness was on the surface of the deep. God's ruach was hovering over the surface of the waters.
I'm not going to take it any more.
Tom stopped doing krokodil when his arms rotted down to the bone.
Is there any of them left?
Which one is the longest river of Africa?
Are you really learning French?
This is the best cup of coffee I've ever drunk.
This is the best cup of coffee that I've ever drunk.
I think you need to work a little harder.
It's a kind of cat.
I would've read that book if Tom had told me it was interesting.
I quit reading the novel because it wasn't very interesting.
In Russia, canned salmon is readily available in stores.
Tom had everyone eating out of his hand.
Mary spread her legs so Tom could take a good look.
Tom talks to his mother more often than he talks to his father.
Tom has noise-canceling headphones.
Tom's car was made in the 1980s.
How much time do you spend getting ready for work every day?
Tom threw scraps of bread to the ducks.
Tom's eyesight is really bad.
I think you all still don't know what the word "team" means.
Have you hoovered under the beds?
The country is accused of weaponizing the internet to cripple its enemies.
Tom is involved in a top-secret project which weaponizes high-frequency sounds to induce amnesia.
Children five years and younger are not allowed.
The research shows that the drug is most effective in women aged sixty and older.
I am looking for antiques from the Ottoman period years and older.
Tom muted his cell phone.
Tom rides a dragon around Boston.
Tom is riding a dragon around Boston.
Tom rode a dragon around Boston.
The only seat was next to Tom.
The only seat left was next to Tom.
The only free seat was next to Tom.
Instead of sitting next to Tom, Mary moved the chair to the other table.
Tom entered the cafeteria.
Tom rode a dragon to the Boston area.
Tom is riding a dragon to the Boston area.
There are hobbies more worthless than Esperanto.
You don't want to hang out with people like him.
Okie dokie.
Almost everyone failed.
Almost everyone has failed.
Sometimes you have to slay a few dragons to get to the princess.
Thank you, Tom, but the princess is in another castle.
Tom is in a desperate situation.
Recently, not only tabloid journalists have to put up with the accusation of mob journalism.
Recently not only journalists of the yellow press have to put up with accusations of mob journalism.
Every language is first and foremost a spoken language, but what would you say about Esperanto?
I doubt Mary would be that stupid.
This rope is really durable.
I wanted to emphasize this.
All birds have feathers.
Do all birds have feathers?
Why do birds have wings?
How do wings allow birds to fly?
Which bird can not fly?
How high can birds fly?
Can a puffin fly?
Can a kiwi bird fly?
What does the pelican eat?
How dangerous is an ostrich?
What do alligators eat?
The fire is fully extinguished.
She's starting to practice.
Everyone paired up.
Everyone, pair up.
Everyone, pair up with a person next to you.
We're years younger than Mary.
I can't say I'm glad to see you.
Don't wake a sleeping cat.
You're wasting too much water.
Do you have end cutting pliers?
It was just small talk.
"What were you and Tom talking about?" "It was just small talk."
I saw him talking to you at the bar.
I saw Tom talking to you at the bar.
Tom looked at me as if I were speaking a foreign language.
You have very pretty eyes.
Did you know you have very pretty eyes?
Did you know you have pretty eyes?
Mary is kind and sweet.
Mary is easy to talk to.
Tom is having a housewarming party.
Did we have any French homework that needs to be done by tomorrow?
Sorry, I'm thirty minutes late because I overslept.
Let me stay with you just five more minutes.
I love you and I'll always love you.
Please hand in your papers by the end of the month.
What do pelicans eat?
Out of those three people, Mike is the biggest.
Things such as using only little salt and eating many vegetables are good for the body.
If you have noticed something, please point it out.
It's very crowded in here.
Things are never black and white.
The results were nothing short of phenomenal.
Kabylie is a small region but it's very mountainous.
Kabylie is a small region but it's densely populated.
Kabylie isn't a country on its own. It's part of Algeria.
There is no Kabylie without Algeria and there is no Algeria without Kabylie.
His decision saved his life.
She is two months old.
He is two months old.
And Israel taking his journey, with all that he had, came to the well of the oath, and killing victims there to the God of his father Isaac, he heard him, by a vision in the night, calling him, and saying to him: Jacob, Jacob. And he answered him: Lo, here I am.
God said to him: I am the most mighty God of thy father; fear not, go down into Egypt, for I will make a great nation of thee there.
"How much money do you have?" "Zilch."
I will go down with thee thither, and will bring thee back again from thence: Joseph also shall put his hands upon thy eyes.
He doesn't understand.
She doesn't understand.
She was driving the car in one rainy evening.
I want to be a slug.
This is a slug.
And Jacob rose up from Beersheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him. And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him: His sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt.
All the souls that went with Jacob into Egypt, and that came out of his thigh, besides his sons' wives, sixty-six.
And the sons of Joseph, that were born to him in the land of Egypt, two souls. All the souls of the house of Jacob, that entered into Egypt, were seventy.
Tom could even whistle classical stuff, but most of the time he just whistled jazz.
Our Canadian German teacher, who was English by birth, opined that to understand Shakespeare you would have to read him in German translation.
And he sent Judah before him unto Joseph, to direct his face unto Goshen.
I always say that languages don't have culture –only people have culture. Esperanto speakers who come from all over the world bring their native culture to the group and thereby enrich the cultural life of Esperanto speakers.
And when he was come thither, Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet his father in the same place: and seeing him, he fell upon his neck, and embracing him, wept.
Skopje is the capital of North Macedonia.
Nur-Sultan is the capital of Kazakhstan.
And the father said to Joseph: Now shall I die with joy, because I have seen thy face, and leave thee alive.
Nuuk is the capital of Greenland.
Nukuʻalofa is the capital of Tonga.
Praia is the capital of Cape Verde.
Port of Spain is the capital of Trinidad and Tobago.
Port-au-Prince is the capital of Haiti.
Paramaribo is the capital of Suriname.
Nouakchott is the capital of Mauritania.
N'Djamena is the capital of Chad.
Malé is the capital of the Maldives.
Malabo is the capital of Equatorial Guinea.
Majuro is the capital of the Marshall Islands.
Luxembourg is the capital of Luxembourg.
Lusaka is the capital of Zambia.
Lomé is the capital of Togo.
Lima is the capital of Peru.
Lilongwe is the capital of Malawi.
Libreville is the capital of Gabon.
American sunscreen options are goopier than their European counterparts.
Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia.
Kingston is the capital of Jamaica.
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia.
Georgetown is the capital of Guyana.
Doha is the capital of Qatar.
Douglas is the capital of the Isle of Man.
Dili is the capital of East Timor.
Yamoussoukro is the capital of Ivory Coast.
Windhoek is the capital of Namibia.
Yaren is the capital of Nauru.
Yaoundé is the capital of Cameroon.
Warsaw is the capital of Poland.
Vientiane is the capital of Laos.
Victoria is the capital of the Seychelles.
Vatican City is the capital of Vatican City.
Valletta is the capital of Malta.
Tunis is the capital of Tunisia.
Tripoli is the capital of Libya.
Tórshavn is the capital of the Faroe Islands.
Tirana is the capital of Albania.
Thimphu is the capital of Bhutan.
Tehran is the capital of Iran.
Tegucigalpa is the capital of Honduras.
Abu Dhabi is the capital of the United Arab Emirates.
Caracas is the capital of Venezuela.
Cairo is the capital of Egypt.
Budapest is the capital of Hungary.
Bridgetown is the capital of Barbados.
Bogotá is the capital of Colombia.
Bishkek is the capital of Kyrgyzstan.
Belmopan is the capital of Belize.
Basseterre is the capital of Saint Kitts and Nevis.
Monaco is the capital of Monaco.
Maseru is the capital of Lesotho.
Maputo is the capital of Mozambique.
Manila is the capital of the Philippines.
Managua is the capital of Nicaragua.
Kigali is the capital of Rwanda.
Khartoum is the capital of Sudan.
Juba is the capital of South Sudan.
Kampala is the capital of Uganda.
Kathmandu is the capital of Nepal.
Rome is the capital of Italy.
Chișinău is the capital of Moldova.
Tbilisi is the capital of Georgia.
Nicosia is the capital of Cyprus.
Santiago is the capital of Chile.
Montevideo is the capital of Uruguay.
Asunción is the capital of Paraguay.
Sucre is the capital of Bolivia.
She swam under the water with open eyes.
What are you doing in the evening?
He is trying to get up earlier.
A flight would have costed you more.
Father still hasn't returned.
Few people live to more than ninety years old.
He caused him to read the book.
This is the only book I own.
That's like putting a golden nose ring in a pig's nose.
I admit that you told me the truth.
Do you know when they will return?
I don't want you to be my friend any longer.
Suddenly a dog began to bark.
I studied statistics at the School of Business Administration.
Why weren't you able to sleep at night?
Patience is not my strong point.
I invite whoever wants to come.
I tried to convince him to try a second time.
This week it was busy the whole time.
I will not ask why you want this.
Again you made exactly the same mistake.
A Russian is a person that was born to a Russian mother and father.
And Joseph said unto his brethren, and unto his father's house, I will go up, and shew Pharaoh, and say unto him, My brethren, and my father's house, which were in the land of Canaan, are come unto me.
The book is too expensive. I can't allow myself to buy it.
She is checking her phone.
It hasn't rained yet today.
I discovered that I have one more available place.
It looks like he's enjoying his life and his work.
I work in Central Park every morning at six.
Surely you have already read this book.
I speak Japanese, English and French.
And the men are shepherds, for their trade hath been to feed cattle; and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have.
Snow is white and cold.
What do you give your dog to eat?
I tried to guess how old she is.
This suitcase is kg too heavy.
Do you not think that it would have been better to tell him the truth?
I jumped up from the bed.
She spoke a good Japanese.
Here's your change!
That can be very problematic.
There is still a lot of work ahead of us.
I have to tell him about that?
And when he shall call you, and shall say: What is your occupation? You shall answer: We, thy servants, are shepherds, from our infancy until now, both we and our fathers. And this you shall say, that you may dwell in the land of Goshen, because the Egyptians have all shepherds in abomination.
Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh, and said, My father and my brethren, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of Goshen.
Mary couldn't catch what Tom said.
Can you stop by on your way home?
Can you stop by the store on your way home from work?
Can you stop by the store on your way home?
Can you stop by the store on your way home and buy some milk?
That's less interesting than I thought it would be.
That's more interesting than I thought it would be.
Going somewhere?
Mary slipped her dress off.
Tom slipped his boots off.
Come in here a minute.
Will you come in here a minute?
Tom dipped the broccoli sprout into the dressing.
Tom has a twisted sense of humor.
Tom has a twisted sense of humour.
Mary has a twisted sense of humor.
And he took some of his brethren, even five men, and presented them unto Pharaoh. And Pharaoh said unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers.
Don't get so riled up.
Tom's got a twisted sense of humour.
Tom has got a twisted sense of humour.
Mary's got a twisted sense of humour.
Mary has got a twisted sense of humour.
Tatoeba isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Tatoeba is not all it's cracked up to be.
You're too perfect.
This seems suspicious to me.
You shouldn't make jokes at the expense of others.
You can't really be serious.
To be literate read more.
Seafood is very delicious.
I'm in the car on the way to the airport.
I’m driving on my way to the airport now.
Chill out, dude!
To conclude contract
I'm busy until four o'clock.
I'm busy until four.
We've got nice weather today.
We have nice weather today.
Mrs. Meyer is so pretty.
I'll be at the convention.
Humans are stronger than iron and weaker than flies.
Humans can't live without air.
They live on the other side of the river.
I can't ever find time to read.
I'd like to drink a glass of coffee.
I want to drink a glass of coffee.
The father was a Korean War veteran.
It's none of Tom's business.
We're now on our way to the airport by car.
How much longer till we get there?
I got in touch because I heard that you were unwell.
It seems this country doesn't really uphold the idea of freedom of speech.
Don't leave your personal belongings in the washroom.
Does anyone have a headache? Are you OK?
Television programs are interspersed with commercials.
Your fever has only just come down so don't overexert yourself.
You've only just gotten over your fever so don't overdo it.
They had fun.
Do you ever get told you look like someone else?
How could someone like you understand what I'm feeling!
Tom collapsed from overwork.
Tom collapsed from working too hard.
Tom always looks away shyly whenever our eyes meet.
Why did you buy this kind of car?
Tom, please pass me that soy sauce.
All of our phone lines are currently busy. We apologize for the inconvenience but kindly ask that you wait a little longer.
What is the definition of lifestyle disease?
What do you think you'll score on tomorrow's test?
What do you think you'll get on tomorrow's test?
You really have to leave.
It's about 2:30.
You feel good if you listen to music when you are in a bad mood.
Listen more, talk less.
You can do two things at the same time.
We have eat three times per day: breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Leaves of trees become yellow in autumn.
You shouldn't have given up so quickly.
In a time of high technology most of us use mobile phones.
We must respect our parents, country.
I heard about it too late.
They said moreover unto Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen.
Abuja is the capital of Nigeria.
Accra is the capital of Ghana.
Addis Ababa is the capital of Ethiopia.
Apia is the capital of Samoa.
And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee: The land of Egypt is before thee; in the best of the land make thy father and brethren to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell: and if thou knowest any men of activity among them, then make them rulers over my cattle.
Ashgabat is the capital of Turkmenistan.
Asmara is the capital of Eritrea.
Baghdad is the capital of Iraq.
And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh. And Pharaoh said unto Jacob, How old art thou? And Jacob said unto Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the days of the years of my life been, and have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage.
Bamako is the capital of Mali.
Banjul is the capital of Gambia.
Bangui is the capital of the Central African Republic.
Muscat is the capital of Oman.
Riyadh is the capital of Saudi Arabia.
Roseau is the capital of Dominica.
San Marino is the capital of San Marino.
San Salvador is the capital of El Salvador.
San José is the capital of Costa Rica.
Singapore is the capital of Singapore.
Barcelona is the capital of Catalonia.
And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation? That ye shall say, Thy servants' trade hath been about cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and also our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians.
Suva is the capital of Fiji.
A newspaper article is not a literary work.
Taipei is the capital of Taiwan.
South Tarawa is the capital of Kiribati.
Tashkent is the capital of Uzbekistan.
Niamey is the capital of Niger.
I like your cats.
Ngerulmud is the capital of Palau.
Moroni is the capital of the Comoros.
Nairobi is the capital of Kenya.
Nassau is the capital of the Bahamas.
Naypyidaw is the capital of Myanmar.
Monrovia is the capital of Liberia.
Kingstown is the capital of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
Kiev is the capital of Ukraine.
Havana is the capital of Cuba.
Honiara is the capital of the Solomon Islands.
Harare is the capital of Zimbabwe.
Gitega is the capital of Burundi.
Gaborone is the capital of Botswana.
Funafuti is the capital of Tuvalu.
Freetown is the capital of Sierra Leone.
Dushanbe is the capital of Tajikistan.
Dodoma is the capital of Tanzania.
Djibouti is the capital of Djibouti.
Dhaka is the capital of Bangladesh.
Dakar is the capital of Senegal.
Conakry is the capital of Guinea.
Castries is the capital of Saint Lucia.
Brazzaville is the capital of the Republic of the Congo.
Bissau is the capital of Guinea-Bissau.
St. John's is the capital of Antigua and Barbuda.
St. George's is the capital of Grenada.
São Tomé is the capital of São Tomé and Príncipe.
Santo Domingo is the capital of the Dominican Republic.
San Juan is the capital of Puerto Rico.
Rabat is the capital of Morocco.
Porto-Novo is the capital of Benin.
Port Vila is the capital of Vanuatu.
The apartment has been reserved by telephone.
Port Moresby is the capital of Papua New Guinea.
Port Louis is the capital of Mauritius.
The player kept the ball high, out of reach, so that his opponents found it hard to stop him without commiting a foul.
Phnom Penh is the capital of Cambodia.
Panama City is the capital of Panama.
Palikir is the capital of the Federated States of Micronesia.
Mexico City is the capital of Mexico.
It wasn't as easy as I thought.
Mbabane is the capital of Swaziland.
Guatemala City is the capital of Guatemala.
Pretoria, Bloemfontein and Cape Town are the capitals of South Africa.
Philipsburg is the capital of Sint Maarten.
Plymouth is the capital of Montserrat.
He has the wrong religion.
Papeete is the capital of French Polynesia.
She'll probably become a teacher.
Marigot is the capital of Saint Martin.
Alofi is the capital of Niue.
Bandar Seri Begawan is the capital of Brunei.
Brigitte has a real love for animals.
And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh.
He sat down on the bench and began to read the book.
Wherever I am doing well, that is my fatherland.
She speaks French.
Theater is humanity's active reflection on itself.
Floyd has faced the situation with realism.
Olya's father, uncle and grandfather are all sailors.
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded. And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families.
And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine.
And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house.
Can we check in already?
My sisters were with your mother today.
Do you have something to do today?
We do not want to go to Morocco.
The towel is red.
Was that inexpensive?
I work until Sunday.
This was a good school for my grandson.
And what is the good news?
Do you already know how to count?
I never thought of studying Esperanto.
I do not want to leave this job.
He expects us to help him.
And when money failed in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in thy presence? for the money faileth.
I do not want to stay here.
There aren't many books on these bookshelves.
I am tired of singing.
This apiary has around 10,bees.
Hundreds of leaves float on the water.
Avarua is the capital of the Cook Islands.
You can take anything that you want.
I see a robe.
The best that we can do is remain quiet.
Cockburn Town is the capital of the Turks and Caicos Islands.
This model is difficult to sell.
Gibraltar is the capital of Gibraltar.
Solitude vitalizes; isolation kills.
I like my cousins a lot.
Hamilton is the capital of Bermuda.
The curriculum is attached.
Spain shares borders with France, Portugal, the principality of Andorra, and the British colony of Gibraltar. In its African territories, it shares terrestrial and maritime borders with Morocco.
I am a mechanical engineer.
Sometimes it is better to keep quiet.
You haven't gone to the butcher yet?
Hagåtña is the capital of Guam.
Did I get a good grade?
Mata-Utu is the capital of Wallis and Futuna.
Behind the house there was an old orchard, now overrun with noxious weeds and rough shrubs.
You never studied Danish?
Willemstad is the capital of Curaçao.
I hope that everything goes well.
West Island is the capital of the Cocos Islands.
Good news is always late and bad news flies.
Try it, please.
Adamstown is the capital of the Pitcairn Islands.
This pen's ink is indelible.
Linda is studying Greek.
Abundant but not profound intelligence.
I am an ambassador.
And he answered them: Bring me your cattle, and for them I will give you food, if you have no money.
I will soon be named ambassador.
He wanted to be ambassador.
Are we going?
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
Comment.
And when they had brought them, he gave them food in exchange for their horses, and sheep, and oxen, and asses: and he maintained them that year for the exchange of their cattle.
Charmed!
Down!
Devil!
Police!
Silence.
Still?
Open!
Served?
Tomorrow?
Boy!
Yesterday?
Her?
Did you hear?
Believe.
Throw.
Accelerate.
Don't sleep.
And they came the second year, and said to him: We will not hide from our lord, how that our money is spent, and our cattle also are gone: neither art thou ignorant that we have nothing now left but our bodies and our lands.
Why therefore shall we die before thy eyes? we will be thine, both we and our lands: buy us to be the king's servants, and give us seed, lest for want of tillers the land be turned into a wilderness.
Are you Chamorro?
So Joseph bought all the land of Egypt, every man selling his possessions, because of the greatness of the famine. And he brought it into Pharaoh's hands: and all its people from one end of the borders of Egypt, even to the other end thereof.
Applying in advance is not necessary.
You don't need to apply in advance.
Applications in advance are not required.
Nothing really gets me excited these days for some reason.
Don’t bother explaining. Because I’m not interested.
It doesn’t matter what you say, he’ll be acquitted because of depression.
By definition the fact it’s depression means it’ll be an acquittal.
I wish I was born more beautiful.
Don’t fret about it. Nobody can do it perfectly from the start.
I feel I’m oversleeping these days.
I get the feeling I'm sleeping too much recently.
Except the land of the priests, which had been given them by the king: to whom also a certain allowance of food was given out of the public stores, and therefore they were not forced to sell their possessions.
Have you ever worked at a restaurant before?
Do you have any experience working at a restaurant?
How about we make some sweets together next time.
I am so hungry my PC started to look like food.
If today was your last day on this earth, what would you want to eat?
What would you like to eat if you knew the world would end today?
I’ve got a big pile of homework I need to complete today but haven’t even started any of it yet.
I’ve got heaps of homework due today but haven’t even touched anything yet.
Sorry for always dumping you with all the housework. Thank you.
China’s global influence has expanded rapidly in recent years.
This university is trying to superficially promote that it’s becoming more “international” by increasing the number of English-lecture courses.
By offering more courses with lectures conducted in English, this university is trying to label itself as being more “international”.
I still haven't decided whether to go by car or by train.
I’m still tossing up whether to go by car or train.
Then Joseph said to the people: Behold, as you see, both you and your lands belong to Pharaoh; take seed and sow the fields, that you may have corn. The fifth part you shall give to the king; the other four you shall have for seed, and for food for your families and children.
Connect to Tatoeba.
You swam in the ocean.
Who is the oldest?
Tom and Mary are on the verge of breaking up.
Tom and Mary seemed to be on the verge of breaking up.
Bali is called the island of the Gods.
Bali is also known as the island of the Gods.
Are you going to a party?
Surfers from all over the world come here.
Viruses jump from host to host.
I know three boys named Tom.
Thanks for saying so.
Tom was caught last Monday.
Milk is good for you.
Tom waded across the river.
Mary is quite a doll.
Tom is likely to get fired.
Mary is a real flirt.
Tom is coming over tonight.
It's fun to go out with Tom.
The place was crawling with spiders.
Tom is a skillful card player.
Tom is a skilful card player.
It's Tom's Christmas present.
Has is started snowing yet?
It's already three o'clock.
It's not quite three o'clock.
It's almost three o'clock.
It's just after three o'clock.
It's a few minutes after three o'clock.
It's a few minutes before three o'clock.
It's Tom's word against Mary's.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
It's 2:right now.
It's pride that drives Tom.
It's as easy as pie for Tom.
It's hard to master French.
He went to school excited.
He found the house door wide open.
Wasn't her name on the list?
They are not quite supportive.
I think I don't deserve it.
Why is that on Facebook there isn't an option for "dating" and there's just "in a relationship"?
Don't surprise me like that.
Have you ever shaved your legs?
Since when have you not had a girlfriend?
I want to become more adult-like.
I want to be more grown up.
I want to develop more beautiful handwriting.
I want to become smaller.
I've got strawberries, would you like some?
He voiced his doubt.
He expressed his doubt.
Is nobody else coming?
Geez - I'm getting nervous.
Tom has a good sense of fashion.
What's up? What happened?
What's wrong? What happened?
You are tired.
You took shelter under a tree.
I'm rolling in cash.
I've got more money than I know what to do with.
I want to face towards the ocean and scream.
Now, now, just calm down.
Morning! Sorry, did I keep you waiting?
That's got nothing to do with it, right?
That's not really the issue, is it?
Have you ever been in a long-distance relationship?
Isn't the scope of the test pretty broad this time?
I haven't been in a relationship recently.
Has anything good happened lately?
I wish spring would come soon.
He got on that bus.
Your eyes are red. What happened?
Your eyes are red. Are you OK?
I want to get better at cooking.
Can nobody else come?
Unfortunately, that is the case.
That's right, unfortunately.
Tom fell into depression from working too hard.
We don't exchange money.
Isn't anyone else able to come?
What does that mean. I don't understand.
What do you mean. I don't get it.
Tom departed on a solo journey.
Sorry I laughed so much.
I get on with my reading on rainy days.
I catch up with my reading on rainy days.
I think I'll go and take a bath.
Tom exploded in anger.
You can see the stars clearly tonight.
Something has fallen by your feet.
Why did you arrive so early?
I also had my doubts about that.
Sorry I couldn't be of much use.
Sorry I wasn't able to help much.
Tom went on a trip by himself.
What are some of the difficulties you face in your work?
What kind of things are tough in your job?
There's a lot of noise at the other end of the telephone line and I can't hear very well.
The approaching typhoon has started affecting transportation, so is today's meeting still likely to proceed as scheduled?
Would someone please translate this sentence into French?
"How's life in Paris?" "Well, I'm still not used to speaking in French so I kind of feel like an infant."
Have you ever had a boyfriend?
Don’t worry about it too much. You’ve still got such a long life ahead of you.
Is anyone on Twitter?
Does anyone use Twitter?
I had intended to go out but now I can't be bothered.
Legibility is the politeness of handwriting.
How on earth could this pan become so burnt and blackened.
Do you know of any good medicine for a headache?
Hey, you’ve got to keep what you just saw a secret from Mum ok.
That teacher sometimes hits his students, but nobody ever complains.
Make sure you drink plenty of fluids and nourish yourself and get better soon.
I’m going to sleep now because my parents always bark at me to go to bed.
Sorry but I accidentally deleted the email you just sent so would you please resend it?
I listen to what people say to get hints for developing new ideas.
I understand exactly what Tom is feeling.
I understand exactly what Tom is going through.
Geez, I wish this test would finish soon.
Avoid direct sunlight and store at room temperature.
I majored in management at university.
Quit lazing about here forever and hurry up and do your job.
Are there any museums or art galleries open until late evening?
This is the point we need to think about.
Light vehicles are highly regarded for their smaller turning circles.
Stop moping about here doing nothing and get back to work quick smart.
Minivehicles are becoming popular for their improved maneuverability.
Hanging around really cool people too much isn’t great because it makes all the other ordinary people you’ve hung out with until then look uncool.
I’m glad I had a thoroughly open and honest talk with him. I feel so relieved.
Everyone’s really putting their all into it. I’ll do my best too.
You should rest a while. You look pale.
I don’t think I’ll succeed on this one.
I doubt I'll be successful this time.
I really had an enjoyable childhood.
I had such fun times when I was a kid.
I used to like Tom so much, I wonder what happened to that feeling.
I expect everyday is chaos for families with small children.
Um, what was I going to say?
It seems silly that you are the one having to quit when it was his fault.
Don’t you think it’s strange that although it was his fault, you’re the one quitting?
Does anyone have a mobile phone charger?
Ok then, please do it that way.
Let me rest a bit.
The inn doesn’t provide lunch.
Would it be better to write Tom a letter? What do you think?
My grandfather needs a walking stick at all times.
Why don't you try and trust Tom a little more?
Why don't you believe in Tom a little more?
My grandfather always needs a cane.
When you were a student were you ever completely engrossed in something?
Tom leaned up against me.
Please read here for the product details.
If we have a pizza party, where should we have it?
I'll just listen to a song before I go to bed.
I'll be there in about minutes so please wait.
Why did you decide to study abroad in Australia?
I like what I'm doing for work so every day is really fun.
I'm doing a job I love which makes every day really enjoyable.
Tom spends the bulk of his salary buying beautiful Japanese doll figurines.
It's been cool and raining since morning today.
I went to see an advance screening of the new movie yesterday.
Don't interfere in other people's relationships.
I really want to die already.
"Good morning! Another day of beautiful weather!" "Good morning Tom. You're very upbeat this morning."
He spoke for the entire hour.
Why is the car in front driving so slowly? I'm going to be late for work.
I wish I wasn't even born.
Tom always gets the job done surprisingly fast.
Why don't you quit being so stubborn and instead try to make up with him?
Maybe it would have been better if I hadn't done it.
Can you come a bit earlier tomorrow?
"I told you to wake me up at 7." "Sorry, I forgot."
They’re going out together.
Are you really going to go out on such a cold day? Why don’t you reconsider?
Are you really going out on such a cold day? I think you’d be better off not going out.
I’ll be in touch again as soon as I have more detailed information.
Hurry up and go to bed. It’s already midnight.
I like traveling and watching baseball.
My hobbies are traveling and watching baseball.
I’d like to begin by talking about the current situation.
Stop behaving like you’re still a student.
I’m sorry I couldn't meet your expectations.
There’s a small movie theater not too far from my house which I’ve been meaning to check out for a while so the other day I went there for the first time.
I have ten children.
Stop watching TV all the time and do your study!
I don’t want to get any older.
The labor union called for a strike.
I’ve actually been keeping something secret for ages.
I’ve got a secret I’ve been hiding for a long time.
I’d like to ask two questions.
This is something I didn't expect to hear.
I hope you recover your full strength soon.
“Yikes, my battery’s nearly dead.” “You should have charged it overnight while you were sleeping.”
I’m not saying you have to become totally ripped, but you should at least do some muscle training or you’ll probably end up bedridden before you know it.
Live life a little easier.
Don't take life so seriously.
“Hey listen! Tom asked me out on a date to go to the aquarium - in my dream.” “What, so it was just a dream?”
Tom until now has never, not even once, talked about what he thinks.
That’s an even better deal.
That would be even better value.
I want to get better at playing the guitar.
I want to play the guitar better.
I’d like to improve my guitar skills.
You absolutely must keep this a secret from everyone.
Effort for effort’s sake is meaningless. That effort must produce results.
Don’t say it in a way that causes misunderstanding.
You're so impatient!
Where did you find this? I'd looked everywhere for it!
Where did you find this? I was looking everywhere for it!
Do you have money for the taxi?
Do you have money for a taxi?
Mary doesn't like short men, unless they have a lot of money.
It's common knowledge that bears like honey.
He stood before me.
He stood there before me.
It's already past three o'clock.
Close.
Just missed.
Just fell short.
I've been waiting for this!
At long last!
How stupid.
I'm so sleepy I'm about to fall over.
I'm about to collapse I'm so tired.
It would be nice to see you again if the opportunity arises.
Since the beginning of the year I feel like I've constantly been going to the hospital.
Please continue to always do your best.
Please keep trying to do your best.
Quit whining.
It is up there.
Give me my robe.
We'd better forget it.
We're having hamburgers.
We're having hamburgers for lunch.
And they answered: our life is in thy hand; only let my lord look favourably upon us, and we will gladly serve the king.
Please return the book you borrowed when you've finished reading it.
Please return the book I lent you after you've finished reading it.
How long do you need to practice karate before getting your black belt?
What is the best martial art for self-defence?
Are CAT tools useful for translators?
I'd really like to get fit so I can go hiking with my kids.
Learning a foreign language as a non-native speaker is hard work, but all that effort pays off when you realise you can communicate with someone from a completely different country in their language.
If only there were more than hours in a day!
These days parents spend most of their time running their kids around from one activity to the next.
I wonder sometimes whether elected politicians really have the interests of their constituents in mind, or whether they are only in it for themselves.
Some evenings I'm so mentally exhausted after work that I just crash in front of the TV.
Aggressive drivers who tailgate are a danger to the general public. Tailgating is basically a kind of road rage.
Our kids are our future, even after we're no longer around, and so it goes on...
Leather shoes are a lot more expensive.
Leather shoes are much more expensive.
Strong light hurts my eyes.
I'm full of suppressed desires.
From that time unto this day, in the whole land of Egypt, the fifth part is paid to the kings, and it is become as a law, except the land of the priests, which was free from this covenant.
And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt, in the country of Goshen; and they had possessions therein, and grew, and multiplied exceedingly.
Sorry but I accidentally deleted the email you just sent. Would you please resend it?
I used to like Tom so much, I wonder where that feeling has gone now.
I'm so tired I'm about to collapse.
Working hard for the sake of it is meaningless. That work must produce results.
My job is to publicize the decisions made during the meeting.
How old is the building?
Sometimes the prejudice isn't so clear.
Read the tablet.
He liked learning English.
Guys, what do you think about a trip to the beach this weekend?
No one missed the meeting.
Many people have regrets after the death of a friend or relative.
I don't need any help at all.
They are stunned.
Are you going to take the test tomorrow?
What time to you arrive in Recife?
Ryan arrived just as we were leaving.
This is a cleaver.
The soul doesn't have a body.
Why do we celebrate anyone's birthday?
Soft music often helps you fall sleep.
I can't remember that right now.
The university presents a photography exhibition with one hundred images.
I tried my best to do well on the exam.
Let's all go to the funfair.
This child is your son.
Ah, how beautiful!
And he lived in it seventeen years: and all the days of his life came to a hundred and forty-seven years.
I will never talk to you about my brother again.
I propose we go to a restaurant today.
I need to look for Tom at school.
He stared without saying a word.
East China has appropriate conditions for wheat culture.
I, as president, appointed him.
I need to talk to Susan.
The country presents a serious shortage of doctors.
Couldn't they give them twenty-two balls, one ball for each of them?
I decided to wait a while in the park before returning home.
Where did you learn Esperanto?
The tower is four meters tall.
This is the finest book that I've read.
I will come Friday.
And when he saw that the day of his death drew nigh, he called his son Joseph, and said to him: If I have found favour in thy sight, put thy hand under my thigh; and thou shalt shew me this kindness and truth, not to bury me in Egypt. But I will sleep with my fathers, and thou shalt take me away out of this land, and bury me in the burying place of my ancestors.
Open wings.
Since the baby was about to be born and both were undecided about the name they would give him, they decided to consult a list of boys' names.
Treasure is a collection of precious objects. For example: The pirate captain was looking for hidden treasure.
Tom is a lover of cinema.
Give me a little water and quickly!
I approve of everything that you did, except this.
I think he bluffs.
His second wife is Japanese.
And Joseph answered him: I will do what thou hast commanded. And he said: Swear then to me. And as he was swearing, Israel adored God, turning to the bed's head.
She was standing before me.
I could hardly hear it.
Tomas lost weight.
I think it's important to split the housework.
I'm looking for a bar.
The judge kicked him out of the party.
The judge threw him out of the party.
Is it raining in your city?
The child is about to run away.
This is inefficient.
I don't know what to write here.
I hope that your dreams come true.
What flower do you see?
He would've told us.
The newspapers don't have anything to write about.
She would've told us.
I would've told you.
I have nothing to say against that.
I knew you bought a used house.
This dove cannot fly. Its wings are broken.
I willingly fulfilled his wish.
My friend Alexandre teaches German and Esperanto.
Fear not, telling the truth.
I feel like she is hiding something from me.
The team had a great performance.
We must work hard for money.
When you finish reading the book, can you lend it to me?
Many assumptions were made regarding the cause of her death.
Don't massacre your animals.
The plane landed at the scheduled time.
There's always something that goes wrong.
Would you like to tell me something?
Would you like to say something to me?
Jesus Christ be praised.
On the wall is a large picture.
The worst thing that can happen to someone is to drop their hands, as if they were crushed by an invincible force.
Even though he was born in Osaka, he was raised in Tokyo.
I didn't understand what the professor said.
Oh my God, what will we do?
Oh my God, what'll we do?
No one said self-control was easy.
No one said that self-control was easy.
She wants to drink champagne.
I'll go there if you go there.
All the soldiers stood in a line.
It's impossible to trust him.
He drank a full bottle of milk.
Suddenly, she disappeared.
Not long ago I met an old friend.
When I grow up I want to be famous.
My wife and I sometimes go to eat Chinese.
I did this because I was angry.
It was Mike that called the police.
We tied him up so that he would not escape.
Let's go together to eat something.
We believe that he will succeed because he has talent.
My mother made a doctor out of me.
He travelled to London to learn English.
I didn't see others.
Mary didn't accompany the children to school.
Which of us lost his bag?
They don't have any interest in philosophical questions.
A guest for a while, sees for a mile.
He doesn't have any money.
Are you planning to stay for a long time?
She didn't have time for courtesy.
Esperanto, international language and easy!
I don't remember exactly where I put the keys.
I like shuffling cards.
The scientist is known not only in Japan, but also in other countries.
The conflagration consumed the city.
You deserve to be blamed for your bad deeds.
She was too tired.
What a struggle where was!
For four years I've been singing to myself a song which I don't know where I heard.
Armored glass guarantees safety, but due to its high price, it cannot yet be made available to everyone.
I am going to start a long journey.
Open the door and let him in!
I always had trouble earning a living.
She looked sad while she read the letter.
Could you get me a cup of coffee with milk please?
This is unparalleled.
Look at that dimwit egg-sucker over there.
Buying domains on the web has never been easier.
Tom handed me a broom and told me to start sweeping.
When I was in the bath, the telephone rang.
I advised her to wait a little longer.
"Bird" is the word.
These birds have different colours.
I can't give you an immediate answer for that.
In order to reach Germany, we passed through Switzerland.
The United States is a terrorist state.
If only a lot of rain will fall, and you wouldn't go to the store, and would stay with me longer.
They stole my bag.
The United States lives parasitically off the people and resources of Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa while subjecting their peoples to unspeakable atrocities.
The summer passed before I noticed.
I am trying to remember.
It is not easy to translate.
Time passes fast.
You come on time today.
It is very good to know English.
Flowers make our city so beautiful.
Ladies who are the students wear red dress.
It is raining so much.
It is good and interesting having computer skills.
This lesson was clear for us.
It's cold in Boston in the winter.
Keep out of mischief.
Tom is a good poker player.
Just calm down a bit.
I know three men named Tom.
It's time to pack up.
What time will Tom arrive?
It's the third today.
Tom's idea intrigued Mary.
It's a bit expensive.
It's a pity Tom couldn't come.
It's too bad that Tom isn't here anymore.
It's the best movie of the year.
It's Tom's first day at school.
It's important I hear this.
It's difficult to learn French.
It's difficult to speak with Tom.
It's the shortest route to Boston.
That's my favorite French word.
It's Tom's favorite French word.
It's best to steer clear of Tom.
There are lots of rocks in this garden.
There are a lot of rocks in this garden.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is in love with Mary.
I'm pretty sure Tom is in love with Mary.
It's not as if Tom can't run fast.
It's Tom's 30th birthday tomorrow.
It's about minutes from here on foot.
It's about thirty minutes from here on foot.
It's you Mary loves, not me.
It's you that Mary loves, not me.
It's silly of you to believe Tom.
It's natural for Tom to get angry.
It isn't true that Tom saw a monster.
It's uncertain if Tom will come.
It's natural for Tom to get mad.
It's true that Tom is in Australia.
It's very cold here in October.
Waiting for a train is boring.
It's 2:by my watch.
It's not like Tom to get so angry.
It's unlike Tom to get so angry.
It's warm here all year round.
I parked behind the building.
It's an answer to Tom's letter.
I don't think Tom should've said that.
I don't think that Tom should've said that.
My house is about three kilometers from here.
It's about three kilometers away.
It's about miles to Boston from here.
It's really easy to learn how to swim.
It pains me to see him in such a state.
My heart was filled with pity for him.
My heart was overwhelmed with pity for him.
Have you seen my friends?
It was easy for Tom to make friends.
No one said self-discipline was easy.
No one said that self-discipline was easy.
It's amazing how much Tom can stand.
I doubt very seriously that Tom said that.
I doubt very seriously Tom said that.
It's quite likely Tom will come.
It's quite likely that Tom will want to come.
It's possible that Tom won't come.
It's possible Tom won't come.
It's only three miles to the village.
It's a pity you couldn't come.
Both flowers with the same value.
Avoid the appearance of evil.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
After these things, it was told Joseph that his father was sick; and he set out to go to him, taking his two sons Manasses and Ephraim.
I live in Turkmenistan.
And it was told the old man: Behold thy son Joseph cometh to thee. And being strengthened, he sat on his bed.
And when Joseph was come in to him, he said: God almighty appeared to me at Luza, which is in the land of Canaan, and he blessed me, and said: I will cause thee to increase and multiply, and I will make of thee a multitude of people: and I will give this land to thee, and to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession.
So thy two sons, who were born to thee in the land of Egypt before I came hither to thee, shall be mine: Ephraim and Manasses shall be reputed to me as Ruben and Simeon.
But the rest whom thou shalt have after them, shall be thine, and shall be called by the name of their brethren in their possessions.
I remember you very well.
We're down.
Tom climbed in the truck.
Tom wants to find a less stressful job.
Have you ever read the story of the little boy who cried wolf?
Have you ever heard of the story of the little boy who cried wolf?
Have you ever heard of the story of the boy who cried wolf?
Have you ever read the story of the boy who cried wolf?
Ultra-processed foods make people fat.
Tom seemed to attract women like moths to a flame.
Tom attracts women like moths to a flame.
Mary seemed to attract men like moths to a flame.
Mary attracts men like moths to a flame.
Mary's life was shrouded in scandal and mystery.
Tom's life is shrouded in scandal and mystery.
Tom got his eyes checked.
You need to get your eyes checked.
Schubert was little known in his lifetime.
The truth is more complex.
This song has a catchy melody.
I don't mean to brag.
Tom sacrificed himself for his friend.
Tom sacrificed himself for his friends.
I wish you'd never told me.
I wish Tom had never told me.
I don't mean to brag, but it's true.
I think this calls for a celebration.
This calls for a celebration.
Normally we sleep in this room.
You don't seem to like her.
You don't seem to like him.
Let's celebrate our victory!
Let's celebrate our victory.
Tom did a little dance.
Tom did a victory lap.
Tom did a victory lap around the field.
Tom did a victory lap around the track.
Don't pretend you haven't thought about it.
I think that you're the one that I've been waiting for all these years.
That isn't an orange tree.
Mary knit this scarf.
I don't understand how to do it.
I don't understand what I'm supposed to do.
Drop it.
For, when I came out of Mesopotamia, Rachel died from me in the land of Canaan in the very journey, and it was spring time: and I was going to Ephrata, and I buried her near the way of Ephrata, which by another name is called Bethlehem.
Then seeing his sons, he said to him: Who are these? He answered: They are my sons, whom God hath given me in this place. And he said: Bring them to me, that I may bless them.
Tom didn't get ill.
Tom's mum is very strict.
He's always so busy.
For Israel's eyes were dim by reason of his great age, and he could not see clearly.
Taiwan legalized same-sex marriage today.
I am on the roof now.
I don't want to climb on the roof.
Sami said his house was possessed.
And when they were brought to him, he kissed and embraced them, and said to his son: I am not deprived of seeing thee; moreover God hath shewn me thy seed.
Meanwhile, the rumbling was gradually getting louder.
From somewhere in the distance came an ominous rumble.
Why does your daughter dislike sweets?
My father is gradually getting better.
You're butchers, aren't you?
And when Joseph had taken them from his father's lap, he bowed down with his face to the ground.
And he set Ephraim on his right hand, that is, towards the left hand of Israel; but Manasses on his left hand, to wit, towards his father's right hand, and brought them near to him.
But he, stretching forth his right hand, put it upon the head of Ephraim, the younger brother; and the left upon the head of Manasses, who was the elder, changing his hands.
He's trying to get rid of the ants.
I like to wear wooden clogs.
Who wouldn't like to be a success?
And Jacob blessed the sons of Joseph, and said: God, in whose sight my fathers Abraham and Isaac walked, God that feedeth me from my youth until this day: The angel that delivereth me from all evils, bless these boys: and let my name be called upon them, and the names of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and may they grow into a multitude upon the earth.
I already voted by mail.
And Joseph seeing that his father had put his right hand upon the head of Ephraim, was much displeased: and taking his father's hand, he tried to lift it from Ephraim's head, and to remove it to the head of Manasses.
And he said to his father: It should not be so, my father; for this is the firstborn, put thy right hand upon his head.
When I was your age we had to walk six miles in the snow to go to school, in our bare feet, uphill both ways!
I will go
I will try
Tom ve Mary'nin bizimle yemek yemek istediğini sanmıyorum
But he refusing, said: I know, my son, I know: and this also shall become a people, and shall be multiplied; but his younger brother shall be greater than he; and his seed shall grow into nations.
And he blessed them at that time, saying: In thee shall Israel be blessed, and it shall be said: God do to thee as to Ephraim, and as to Manasses. And he set Ephraim before Manasses.
Don't you mind that parrot.
"Don't you mind that parrot," said Mr. Harrison, casting a furious glance at Ginger. "He's . . . he's always talking nonsense. I got him from my brother who was a sailor. Sailors don't always use the choicest language, and parrots are very imitative birds."
I've come to confess something to you.
Linda studies Greek.
Is it too much to hope that you'll forgive me?
Don't say another word about it.
I'll put the kettle on and we'll have a cup of tea. How will that do?
Will you let me make the tea?
"Will you let me make the tea?" said Anne dubiously.
I see you haven't much confidence in my ability to make tea.
I see you haven't much confidence in my ability to make tea. You're wrong . . . I can brew up as good a jorum of tea as you ever drank.
Anne hopped briskly up and went to work.
She washed the teapot in several waters before she put the tea to steep.
Then she swept the stove and set the table, bringing the dishes out of the pantry.
Mr. Harrison told her where to find the bread and butter and a can of peaches.
Anne adorned the table with a bouquet from the garden and shut her eyes to the stains on the tablecloth.
Soon the tea was ready.
Soon the tea was ready and Anne found herself sitting opposite Mr. Harrison at his own table, pouring his tea for him, and chatting freely to him about her school and friends and plans.
Before the meal was over they were quite good friends.
"I guess you've got a spice of temper," commented Mr. Harrison, surveying the flushed cheeks and indignant eyes opposite him.
I don't like places or people either that haven't any faults.
I think a truly perfect person would be very uninteresting.
Mrs. Milton White says she never met a perfect person, but she's heard enough about one . . . her husband's first wife. Don't you think it must be very uncomfortable to be married to a man whose first wife was perfect?
When tea was over Anne insisted on washing the dishes.
She would dearly have loved to sweep the floor also, but no broom was visible and she did not like to ask where it was for fear there wasn't one at all.
When she had gone Mr. Harrison watched her from the window . . . a lithe, girlish shape, tripping lightheartedly across the fields in the sunset afterglow.
"It's a pretty good world, after all, isn't it, Marilla?" concluded Anne happily.
Everything has turned out for the best.
Everything turned out for the best.
One evening at sunset, Jane Andrews, Gilbert Blythe, and Anne Shirley were lingering by a fence in the shadow of gently swaying spruce boughs.
Anne walked part of the way home with her.
Tom walked part of the way home with Mary.
If my pupils won't do as I tell them I shall punish them.
"If my pupils won't do as I tell them I shall punish them." "How?" "Give them a good whipping, of course." "Oh, Jane, you wouldn't," cried Anne, shocked. "Jane, you COULDN'T!"
And he said to Joseph, his son: Behold I die, and God will be with you, and will bring you back into the land of your fathers. I give thee a portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorrhite with my sword and bow.
Anne shut her eyes to the stains on the tablecloth.
Anne gave Gilbert a disappointed glance.
Anne was an excellent target for teasing because she always took things so seriously.
She slept poorly and was so pale and tragic at breakfast next morning that Marilla was alarmed and insisted on making her take a cup of scorching ginger tea.
"Marilla, what if I fail!" "You'll hardly fail completely in one day and there's plenty more days coming," said Marilla.
The trouble with you, Anne, is that you'll expect to teach those children everything and reform all their faults right off, and if you can't you'll think you've failed.
When school was dismissed and the children had gone Anne dropped wearily into her chair.
Her head was surmounted by a huge white chiffon hat, bedecked with three long but rather stringy ostrich feathers.
A veil of pink chiffon, lavishly sprinkled with huge black dots, hung like a flounce from the hat brim to her shoulders and floated off in two airy streamers behind her.
Anne locked the school door and went home.
My thoughts feel as if they had been all stirred up until they were thick and muddy.
Thomas says Donnell himself is a sensible, hard-working man, but he hadn't much gumption when he picked out a wife, that's what.
Oh, this is a day left over from Eden, isn't it, Diana?
Anne sighed for sheer happiness.
Bliss is it on such a day to be alive; but to smell dying fir is very heaven.
"Trees haven't souls," said practical Diana, "but the smell of dead fir is certainly lovely."
"Oh, Eliza, young folks must have some amusement," protested Catherine. "I don't see the necessity. We didn't gad about to halls and places when we were young, Catherine Andrews. This world is getting worse every day."
"Well, I always like to look on the bright side, Eliza." "There isn't any bright side." "Oh, indeed there is," cried Anne, who couldn't endure such heresy in silence. "Why, there are ever so many bright sides, Miss Andrews. It's really a beautiful world."
"And how long is it before Marilla expects to be stone blind, Anne?" "The doctor thinks her eyes will not get any worse if she is very careful," faltered Anne.
Doctors always talk like that just to keep people cheered up. I wouldn't have much hope if I was her.
It's best to be prepared for the worst.
Well, I hope this new society of yours will be able to keep Avonlea from running any further down hill but I haven't much hope of it.
Anne and Diana drove away as fast as the fat pony could go.
Even if he hadn't given a cent I'd always feel that we had done a truly Christian act in helping him.
Theodore appeared at the front door with an armful of newspapers.
I was just trying to write out some of my thoughts.
Fancies are like shadows . . . you can't cage them, they're such wayward, dancing things.
I haven't a great many spare moments, you know.
By the time I finish correcting school exercises and compositions, I don't always feel like writing any of my own.
"I like teaching, too," said Gilbert.
They talked for a time of their plans and wishes . . . gravely, earnestly, hopefully, as youth loves to talk, while the future is yet an untrodden path full of wonderful possibilities.
Gilbert had finally made up his mind that he was going to be a doctor.
I'd love to make people have a pleasanter time because of me . . . to have some little joy or happy thought that would never have existed if I hadn't been born.
Anne was one of the children of light by birthright.
I must get Marilla's tea.
Anne had tea ready when Marilla came home.
Dora's sitting up on the seat as prim as you please. She always looks as if she'd just been starched and ironed.
Dear me, it doesn't seem a day since poor Matthew brought Anne herself home and everybody laughed at the idea of Marilla bringing up a child.
You're never safe from being surprised till you're dead.
Marilla's face was rather grim.
Davy Keith seemed to be possessed with a passion for perpetual motion. It was beyond Marilla's power to make him sit still.
"Didn't you find it awful hard to keep still when you was only 's old as me?" "No, I always kept still when I was told," said Marilla, trying to speak sternly.
"How can you be such a naughty boy and your poor mother just laid in her grave this very day?" demanded Marilla despairingly.
She said I was always to be kind to Dora and stand up for her, and I'm going to.
"Do you call pulling her hair being kind to her?" "Well, I ain't going to let anybody else pull it," said Davy.
Anne was at the gate to meet them.
Can I have another piece?
Davy winked at Anne, and then, leaning over the table, snatched Dora's first piece of cake, from which she had just taken one dainty little bite, out of her very fingers and, opening his mouth to the fullest extent, crammed the whole slice in.
Marilla was speechless with horror.
Anne promptly exclaimed, with her best "schoolma'am" air, "Oh, Davy, gentlemen don't do things like that."
Gentlemen NEVER snatch things from ladies . . . or forget to say thank you . . . or pull anybody's hair.
"You can begin to be a gentleman when you are a little boy. And gentlemen NEVER snatch things from ladies . . . or forget to say thank you . . . or pull anybody's hair." "They don't have much fun, that's a fact," said Davy frankly. "I guess I'll wait till I'm grown up to be one."
"When I'm grown up the very first thing I'm going to do is stay up ALL night just to see what it would be like," he told her confidentially.
My nerves have had about all they can endure for one day.
Where does the dark go, Anne? I want to know.
This morning the first thing he said was, 'Where does the dark go, Anne? I want to know.' I told him it went around to the other side of the world but after breakfast he declared it didn't . . . that it went down the well. Marilla says she caught him hanging over the well-box four times today, trying to reach down to the dark.
Tom played the tambourine.
"Everything that's worth having is some trouble," said Anne.
In late autumn this road was always muddy and wet.
Mr. Joshua Pye painted away in the solitude and independence that were so dear to his unsociable heart.
The news flew like wildfire.
Haven't you heard?
Joshua Pye has gone and painted the hall blue instead of green. . . a deep, brilliant blue, the shade they use for painting carts and wheelbarrows. And Mrs. Lynde says it is the most hideous color for a building, especially when combined with a red roof, that she ever saw or imagined.
"How on earth could such a mistake have happened?" wailed Diana.
Make an effort!
Take care of me.
Remember.
Swallow it!
Learn.
Delicious!
Wise up!
Yippee!
Cease!
Move it!
It probably won't be easy for you to carry out this project.
London is small when compared to Tokyo.
He hates snakes.
You must have foresight and cut the wood before winter comes.
María is reading all of Dostoevsky's works.
I refuse to keep dealing with miscreants such as yourself.
Out of all human emotions, only envy is sincere.
The populists have won.
Zoom in on this picture so that we can better see it.
Zoom in on this picture so we can better see it.
Please close the fridge.
Isotonic drinks are actually hypotonic.
Chemotherapy causes substantial damage to the body.
He's a CIA agent.
Few things bring as much pleasure as music.
José was sentenced to seven years in prison for attempted homicide.
I'm in a great mood today.
I think the book is interesting.
I think that the book is interesting.
I don't enjoy a job without challenge.
It's sometimes difficult to do away with misunderstandings.
Not a day goes by when someone doesn't write or tell me their life story.
Listen as much as you want.
I will make it clear for him, just in case.
I will make it clear for her, just in case.
I will make it clear for you, just in case.
He brought up the old story again.
I can't help but think all of that was a waste of time.
I can't help but think that all of that was a waste of time.
An artist is known by their work.
I'd like to speak to Mr. Pierre, please.
Who are you, dweller of this tiny stellar corpse?
Italian decadence may have its origins in the Middle Ages.
You're my lawyer. I've hired you to defend me, not to judge me.
Did he write anything in his diary yesterday?
Did she write anything in her diary yesterday?
Did you write anything in your diary yesterday?
My father is a banker. I'm a financial analyst.
I will check it.
Thank you in advance for your response.
Adjust the time on the clock.
If you keep using that posture, you'll become a hunchback.
They loved this game.
The girl is extremely tall.
Don't worry. It's a very common mistake.
They say he's in on the secret.
You said you would give me an answer.
You still haven't met your girlfriends parents?
I've gained weight again.
In this show, the contestant can't answer.
We're going to build stores in Austria.
I said that from tomorrow, I would smoke no longer.
You have thirty seconds left.
I never step back in the face of adversity but to get a running start.
My diet is wide-ranging.
If we gave you a video game, would you be happy?
This is the back of the medal.
You went out.
You left.
No one was left unsatisfied.
I've always wanted to meet her, but I've never dared.
I almost gifted him my motorbike.
I would like to set up a geothermal installation.
We can't be surprised, you could see it coming.
I need three volunteers!
I live with my uncle now.
Passive smokers are the victims of active smokers.
He ate and she watched.
What you must learn to do, you learn by doing.
His nickname was Quijada or Quesada.
Her nickname was Quijada or Quesada.
His work reflects a neurotic society.
He is a respected authority in this field.
The opposing team scored a point at the last minute.
They were getting dressed.
Yesterday I caught a mouse in the basement.
Eight is two times four.
Don't let a swallow build a nest under your roof.
School is starting up again.
Since Mary didn't want to go with me, I had to go by myself.
You hit the brakes.
When you're getting married, you follow the rules of the ceremony.
I spent Sunday night learning the new words from Monday's lesson.
Tomorrow I will visit Mr. Braun's house.
I can't stand such number of inane trivialities.
I have no option but to fire you.
I'd already told you.
Although Ibero-America is a larger language region, American English carries greater influence in the current world.
I hope Emi doesn't take long. I'm tired of waiting for her.
He's very easily distracted. He can never focus on just one thing.
I've only glanced through it.
We need new shoes.
If I were you, I'd work harder.
I told her she should work harder if she doesn't want to fail.
Don't forget: no one knows everything.
When you're done, go outside.
The locals are in the habit of wearing very appealing clothing.
Tom has had a very stressful week.
If you feel like doing it, do it!
The garden was covered in snow.
You must close it for him.
I learn fast.
Tom's been living like a beggar ever since he got separated.
Don't forget to add a stamp.
His blackmail left me no choice.
At that moment, I realized I'd forgotten my wallet at home.
They decided to move to a London suburb.
Juan is the bank's administrative manager.
I'm a friend of his.
I'm a friend of hers.
I'm a friend of theirs.
Please, don't bother on my behalf.
You may add sentences which you don't know how to translate.
You learn, too!
Women are beautiful and wise.
Everyone was left satisfied.
It's better to divide the corpse into five pieces.
I'm off home.
The bus ran over him.
I didn't understand the teacher's explanation.
He got hurt after jumping.
He looks quite happy ever since he got married.
"Careful with that lighter." "What do you think I'm going to do, set the park on fire?"
I read plenty of articles in Spanish.
It was high time you took a bath!
Ever since that argument, I've never set foot in that house.
We'll talk more about your marriage tomorrow.
He acted in bad faith.
Many people reject a good idea just because it isn't their own.
Don't you dare come here again, or else I'll kick you out.
You're not to leave the exam room until after thirty minutes.
His heartbeat is absolutely normal.
You came back after a short while.
I admit I'm a little afraid of the dentist's chair.
I did anything to make you happy.
The accounting department presented an estimate for replacement parts to the president of the company.
It's a joke, of course.
Tom took it to a whole new level.
And Jacob called his sons, and said to them: Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you the things that shall befall you in the last days.
I'm not a telltale.
Incitement to suicide is a crime.
Tom has a criminal history.
Tom has a criminal past.
Gather yourselves together, and hear, O ye sons of Jacob, hearken to Israel, your father:
Ruben, my firstborn, thou art my strength, and the beginning of my sorrow; excelling in gifts, greater in command.
What's the source of this information?
He isn't fat but slim.
Thou art poured out as water, grow thou not; because thou wentest up to thy father's bed, and didst defile his couch.
The bus isn't new but old.
I forgot my suitcase.
The car isn't clean but dirty.
It isn't small but big.
This is a bold statement.
Simeon and Levi brethren: vessels of iniquity waging war.
The website looks good.
Have you ever looked around and taken note of the people who were in your life?
Let not my soul go into their counsel, nor my glory be in their assembly: because in their fury they slew a man, and in their self-will they undermined a wall.
Cursed be their fury, because it was stubborn: and their wrath, because it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, and will scatter them in Israel.
I heard you whisper.
Putin is a schmuck!
The world could use a lot more people like Mary.
The world could use a lot more people like Tom.
The world could use a lot more people like you.
The world could use a lot more people like him.
The world could use a lot more people like her.
Is that all I am to you?
You need more practice.
Tom needs more practice.
I wish more people could be like you.
I don't want to hear anything you have to say.
Tom tried his best to calm her down.
Tom tried his best to calm Mary down.
She told me last Tuesday that something dreadful WOULD happen to me if I didn't say my prayers every night. And I haven't said them for over a week, just to see what would happen . . . and nothing has.
Anne choked back a mad desire to laugh.
I do not know what we are going to do with that child.
Jane says she punishes her pupils when they make funny speeches, which is probably why she finds teaching monotonous.
The sun has set and the stars are shining.
I have kept the best for the last.
Tom kept the best for the last.
Her cheek was swollen and her face ached.
The schoolroom was cold and smoky.
The fire refused to burn.
The children were huddled about the fire in shivering groups.
Anne had warned them that if they brought any more cakes to school they would be confiscated.
Never did anybody look more guilty than poor Joe at that moment.
"Throw it into the fire," said Anne.
"Joseph, are you going to obey me or are you NOT?" said Anne.
All the girls climbed shrieking upon their desks.
Nobody dared whisper a word.
Ned Clay accidentally squeaked his pencil while working a sum, caught Anne's eye and wished the floor would open and swallow him up.
In a calmer mood she could have carried off the situation with a laugh but now that was impossible; so she ignored it in icy disdain.
Anne kept back her tears until she got home that night.
Then she shut herself in the east gable room and wept all her shame and remorse and disappointment into her pillows.
Anne wept so long that Marilla grew alarmed, invaded the room, and insisted on knowing what the trouble was.
You take things too much to heart, Anne.
We all make mistakes, but people forget them.
I want everybody to love me and it hurts me so when anybody doesn't.
I just made an idiot of myself today.
Marilla listened to the whole story.
Well, never mind. This day's done and there's a new one coming tomorrow, with no mistakes in it yet, as you used to say yourself.
Come downstairs and have your supper.
You'll see if a good cup of tea and those plum puffs I made today won't hearten you up.
Can I take those books for you, teacher?
This island is a pirates' den.
Juda, thee shall thy brethren praise: thy hand shall be on the necks of thy enemies; the sons of thy father shall bow down to thee.
Anne suddenly felt that if she had not yet won Anthony's liking she had, somehow or other, won his respect.
Jane rubbed it in rather unmercifully.
Tom rubbed it in.
Tom really rubbed it in.
"I was just on my way over to invite you to help me celebrate my birthday on Saturday," said Anne.
That place was teeming with spiders.
I'm not a very communicative person.
The river flooded the entire area.
What didn't they get?
A certain humility is needed.
Do what you consider needed.
Tom's great-grandfather was blind from birth.
I don't want to read anything else.
Don't worry, nothing happened so far.
These two brothers are twins.
Hell's gate is open already?
The road is paved with asphalt.
Tom, she's your mother.
That bird is called wagtail.
Why don't you sit down? The seat is vacant.
Pigeons, if trained, can differentiate paintings of Picasso from those of Monet.
It's not fiction or rumour, etc., it's a true story.
If you get paid, it isn't charity; you're just doing your job.
What he told me frightened me.
I cannot express my gratitude with words.
Show me the way to reach you.
Two of the players left the match.
Ricardo picked up the lumber and now he's sawing it.
I don't love you any less than I do her.
Feeling like summer?
This Japanese employee, tired and angry at the system, proposed an eight-hour working day with overtime pay.
I am unwilling to negotiate.
Turn off the fan when you're done reading the book.
A man's body dies, but his deeds live forever.
He is not clever but stupid.
The pillow is too hard for sleeping.
A woman is the most sweet thing in the world.
I think I do need some glasses.
Have you ever seen Tom laughing?
No thanks, that's not my thing.
Bring that blue box in my garden!
We have a test today.
Do you know whom I met there?
You all agreed to the decision.
I'm forced to agree with her.
The slime was black and stinky.
He's studying biology with great enthusiasm.
Frugality is not stinginess.
Have you finished pissing?
She has nightmares.
Do you think it would be better to write Tom a letter?
It wasn't as easy as I thought it'd be.
It wasn't as easy to do that as I thought it'd be.
I'll put the kettle on and we'll have some tea.
I am not clean but dirty. I have been repairing a car.
You don't want to hang out with people like Tom.
I don't think it's wrong.
I don't think Tom's answer is wrong.
I don't think this is the wrong road.
Maybe it would've been better if I hadn't done it.
I doubt that I'll be successful this time.
I don’t think I'll succeed.
That teacher sometimes hits his students, but no one ever complains.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to help very much.
I'm sorry that I wasn't able to help very much.
I think that I'll go and take a bath.
Unfortunately, that's the case.
Can't anybody else come?
Can't anyone else come?
I am not rich but poor.
How could you understand what I'm feeling?
You're wasting a lot of water.
I've already gained back all the weight that I lost last summer.
I've already gained back all the weight I lost last summer.
You said you'd give me an answer today.
You said that you'd give me an answer today.
You said you'd give me your answer today.
You said that you'd give me your answer today.
How dangerous are ostriches?
How long do frogs live?
I'm on the roof now.
I don't want to stay here tonight.
What do you feed your cats?
I didn't ask Tom why he wanted this.
Why weren't you able to sleep last night?
What kept you up all night?
Do you know when Tom will return?
Tom still hasn't returned.
Do you know what time the class starts?
Do you know what time the class will start?
Do you know what time the class started?
This rope is really strong.
I think that I don't deserve it.
Wasn't your name on the list?
Something always goes wrong.
This is the best book I've ever read.
You've never studied French, have you?
Sometimes it's better to keep quiet.
Sometimes it's better not to say anything.
You can take anything you want.
I'm tired of singing.
I have no desire to learn French.
I read the book "The Divine Comedy".
The door didn't want to close.
People almost always react to frustration in the same way.
The worst enemy and the best friend of a man is another man.
I think we're going to return soon.
Will it bother you if I smoke here?
Your father is a physicist.
After the war, the church's properties were expropriated.
Of course this is my real family name. Here's my passport.
It's too big for you.
I didn't count on anything else.
To complicate matters, his wife fell ill.
We'll show them who we are.
When you're 17, you don't understand those who are over 40.
Malbrough is going to war.
She was pale and seemed to be suffering.
She was pale and looked like she was suffering.
You're not allowing me anything.
She cannot be accepted.
After that was a feast that lasted until daybreak.
Oscar is baking apple dumplings for the visitors.
That's going to be my horse.
The flowers in the garden need water.
Japan won't stop surprising us.
Screaming isn't singing.
Shouting isn't singing.
Everyone was drunk, except for me.
The mirror is covered with a white tissue.
During questioning the accused asserted that he was temporarily unconscious and had no memory of the time when the crime was committed.
It was precisely this little detail that led me to the truth, and without it I never would have known it.
How did you dare!
Sometimes I think, sometimes I am.
Dogs and cats aren't friends.
Success depends on effort.
I tortured the prisoners.
You'll become teachers.
You're going to become teachers.
Work ennobles man.
You're going to be teachers.
You'll be teachers.
There's a fire in the oven.
This book contains a lot of beautiful illustrations.
Tom is an avid hunter and fisherman.
The frost damaged the flowers.
Frost has damaged the flowers.
The furnace is burning.
I would've remembered your smile.
Can you see your own mistake?
City dogs are different from country ones.
The room was engulfed in darkness.
He's absent because he's sick.
I'm admiring the landscape.
I just don't want to be left completely alone.
He told a new lie to cover up an old one.
He hasn't seen anything like this before.
Stars are shining.
The next day, the tribunal sentenced him to death.
You're too lazy.
You're a couch potato.
Where've you been? I was worried.
I didn't spend a penny.
Juda is a lion's whelp: to the prey, my son, thou art gone up: resting thou hast couched as a lion, and as a lioness, who shall rouse him?
An owl was perching on the tree, watching me.
I dreamed about owls.
I was dreaming about owls.
I like owls. They are beautiful and wise birds.
His father is a policeman.
Factually you are an expert.
I dine at seven.
Which friends of yours are going to come?
Which are more healthy, apples or grapes?
Tom was either being naïve or disingenuous.
Tom is a neophyte.
Tom isn't a neophyte.
Can you see yourself marrying him?
Can you see yourself marrying her?
I won't come if you invite them.
A map of the world that does not include Utopia is not worth even glancing at, for it leaves out the one country at which Humanity is always landing. And when Humanity lands there, it looks out, and, seeing a better country, sets sail.
Progress is the realisation of Utopias.
I stayed home this summer.
They have two wonderful children.
Tom and Mary have two wonderful children.
Tom and Mary have two beautiful children.
I like your apartment very much.
Tom likes bubble tea.
Shut your claptrap, everybody!
Bubble tea is popular in Asia.
I'm not able to ride a motorcycle.
Tom was head over heels in love.
Mary was head over heels in love.
Now when are you going to come back?
Tom racked his brain.
Tom racked his brain to answer Mary's question.
Tom remembers a time before the Internet.
I was in London.
Mary was in despair.
"You're pretty," he said plainly.
Show me the person who is in love with you.
You've written the report.
I'll be waiting for you after 8.
It was a summer day.
They were accepting guests.
I can't ride a motorcycle.
You need to take a chill pill.
Tom rose through the ranks.
Are you really listening, or just waiting for your turn to speak?
How times change.
Are you sure no one's around?
We've already been over this.
I know that Tom is a good teacher.
I know Tom is a good teacher.
Tom is a force of nature.
Mary is a force of nature.
I'm too tired to cook tonight.
I'm too tired tonight.
Not tonight. I'm too tired.
Can you wait until tomorrow?
I'm way too tired.
I grew fond of Hungarian. It is a beautiful language but a little difficult to learn.
Describe your day.
Tom has a serious allergy to nuts.
Tom wore ripped jeans.
Mary wore ripped jeans.
What does that mean in practice?
Am I dead?
Am I dead or am I dreaming?
I need your help very much.
This should not be possible.
What kind of theme are you interested in?
Which type of topic is of interest to you?
I’m happy to help if you’d like.
Excuse me, would you please pass me a hot hand towel?
I don’t mind going for a drive, but please avoid really windy roads. I’d surely get car sick.
Now, you could kill him.
Tom gave John a fat lip.
I think that this calls for a celebration.
I wish that Tom had never told me.
I wish that you'd never told me.
This is something that I didn't expect to hear.
I wish that spring would come soon.
Oh, it's snow!
I have been in London.
I took shelter under a tree.
I've got strawberries. Would you like some?
I don't think that I deserve this.
I don't think I deserve this.
What would you like to eat if you knew the world was going to end today?
If today was your last day on Earth, what would you like to eat?
You shouldn't have given up so soon.
Do you ever get told that you look like someone else?
I can't even find time to read.
That was more interesting than I thought it would be.
That was less interesting than I thought it would be.
This is the only book that I own.
There is no cure for death.
I might go to Boston next autumn.
The sceptre shall not be taken away from Juda, nor a ruler from his thigh, till he come that is to be sent, and he shall be the expectation of nations.
Why do you keep changing your e-mail address?
He got as much as he deserved.
On Sundays I don't always remain at home.
That's a different discussion.
I want to sit in your place.
I don't speak German, but the Germans themselves I love.
You were sitting in front of the glass with beer.
Unfortunately, you didn't pass the check.
Tom can't tell the difference between promise and forecast.
Tom has a problem, and he wants to solve it.
Everything I said was the truth.
There's not a single car on the street.
I found myself a friend.
Do what you want!
Let's go to karaoke.
We can't do anything on time.
He wrote her a letter.
I met you, and that's enough.
The president of Brazil was removed from office.
During the night it's very cold.
She's teaching students English.
I'm picking my nose.
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
How old is the Bible?
Don't sit on the rocks.
She's painting her nails.
The bread got mouldy.
Tom was so many things to so many people.
Learning any language requires some effort and free time.
I can't calculate the distance.
It's a party here.
There was a chicken.
Due to the heat, I sleep with a window open.
They're going to have problems.
Mary's going to be disappointed.
At last, she realized her error.
Is the skirt not too short?
See you on Sunday.
What about a cup of hot coffee?
Is the price acceptable?
Don't stand under a tree in a lightning storm.
Give me more money.
Tying his foal to the vineyard, and his ass, O my son, to the vine, he shall wash his robe in wine, and his garment in the blood of the grape.
It depends on how much money you have available.
His eyes are more beautiful than wine, and his teeth whiter than milk.
Zabulon shall dwell on the seashore, and in the road of ships, reaching as far as Sidon.
Nature never breaks its own laws.
The well was so deep that the bottom could not be seen.
Issachar shall be a strong ass, lying down between the borders.
"Do you remember how you fell into the well?" "Yes, like it was yesterday."
He saw rest that it was good: and the land that it was excellent: and he bowed his shoulder to carry, and became a servant under tribute.
Bringing up a child demands patience.
We have one time zone.
Are we in the same time zone or in different ones?
Tomorrow is the wedding. Everyone needs to look very festive.
He is holding back sobs with difficulty.
We are in the same time zone.
Dan shall judge his people like another tribe in Israel.
Let Dan be a snake in the way, a serpent in the path, that biteth the horse's heels, that his rider may fall backward.
Borborygmus refers to noise coming from the stomach and intestines.
I will look for thy salvation, O Lord.
Gad, being girded, shall fight before him: and he himself shall be girded backward.
Dad bought me a few books.
I'm sad when it rains.
The cat is basking in the sun.
My whole body hurts.
We climbed the tree fast.
I lived in this house in the past.
I work and study.
You denied breaking the window.
You finally came.
Why are you not telling the truth?
Tom is always angry and never pleased with anything.
Your idea seems silly to me.
Tom wearily closed his eyes.
Is Chinese your native language?
And what we are supposed to do now?
Everybody saw everything, but no one knows anything.
Don't tell me anything; I've already been informed.
The current generation of young people will live under communism.
I like money.
I like much money.
It's not too late to cancel everything.
People were devouring, not eating, but literally devouring the dry overcooked meat.
Tom became the head of the company.
Hares can swim.
There's no money and there won't be any.
I won my first gold medal.
I refuse to pay.
The patient is sterile.
I won't take your money.
That's a deceitful impression.
It's some shitty day today.
My mom is the best mom in the world!
Is it okay to trust Tom?
He knows that you know that.
Tom was helping the poor.
I recommend spending that money on a psychiatrist.
I have a feeling he has something to say.
They would like to know the details.
Maria likes flowers.
She cannot find her bonnet.
I'm taking a tomato.
I'm picking up a tomato.
That has nothing to do with our business.
When poverty enters the door, the love flies out of the window.
I prefer pineapple juice to grapefruit juice.
Unfortunately, that's completely impossible to do.
Tom and I are both painters.
I'm scared to get closer to your dog.
Tom was quite concerned about what was happening.
Is this door always locked?
Have you heard the thunder this night?
They must come with their kids.
Her computer is on her bed.
I don't get the point of it.
You're right, I don't just like the way you said that.
How did you open that box?
I'm annoyed with translating!
He came into the hospital to visit me.
Don't distract me anymore.
I wasn't expecting guests.
We were playing.
What's happening to Tom?
Intelligence with no ambitions is like a bird with no wings.
Etna is a volcano in Sicily.
When the war began, Tom was a little kid.
We're saying "Thank you" to the great King.
The guy eats turnips all winter.
I'm not worth such sacrifices.
They said it was urgent.
I was freed.
I was released.
Did you say this to me?
Can we come tomorrow?
Abusing sleeping pills is dangerous.
Is there any difference between native level and native level?
An oath is an oath.
You burst out laughing.
Do your parents leave you home alone?
He wants to know everything.
The space before an exclamation mark is not needed.
Our government is not interested in us.
You better not get closer.
Tin is a soft metal.
I hope this is a temporary occurrence.
Tom has leukemia.
There are no people on the moon.
There are no men on the moon.
I forgot to feed the fish.
Everything should be prepared flawlessly.
Human life is short.
Man's life is short.
I use a free version.
That's unconfirmed information.
You could feel how the earth trembled.
I'll come home to change clothes.
They have a fridge to fix.
I'm an idler.
I was blinded by the bright sun.
What happened doesn't change anything.
She has plenty of friends.
Mary did not say that.
I won't be disappointed.
You didn't recognize me?
It's good that you admitted that yourself.
I learned by heart English words.
Are you sure it's hers?
I want you to keep away from her.
That's where I want to live!
You can't live like that.
I think I saw a rat.
He repeatedly bashed the drunkard with his stick.
It's said to be hot here.
Don't stand under a tree during a thunderstorm.
Aser, his bread shall be fat, and he shall yield dainties to kings.
She is not allowed to go out now.
Go on away out of that!
Our government doesn't care about us.
You just said that to me?
The taoiseach is talking to me.
Our government doesn't give a damn about us.
Our government doesn't give a fuck about us.
Our government doesn't give a shit about us.
Nephthali, a hart let loose, and giving words of beauty.
Defying the prognosis, the patient survived.
Joseph is a growing son, a growing son and comely to behold: the daughters run to and fro upon the wall.
I have a vague memory of this book, but I don't remember the plot completely.
She was born yesterday.
I hope you take a lot of photos.
I think it was your fault.
Is she going to wait for me there?
During the match, many were apprehended by the police following a commotion in the stadium.
The "mirtilo" - or Brazilian blueberry - is considered by some to be the fruit of rejuvenation and longevity.
We want to return to Minas.
I ruled.
I burned.
I see myself in the mirror.
I sank.
Read these lines.
My father aged a lot since last year.
It's easy for Alberto to learn.
I harvested.
I work better alone than in a group.
I whispered.
I translated.
I chewed.
Her voice had a very kind tone, soft, almost loving.
You ran.
She plays the Portuguese guitar.
What time was it when the show started?
They are reading.
Visit us.
Fear God!
Do not talk.
Choose the lesser of two evils!
Be respectful!
You smoked.
You heard.
You wrote.
You listened.
You dined.
You moved.
You started.
You counted.
You understood.
You hunted.
You sang.
You drank.
You burned.
You stuttered.
You landed.
You waited.
You applauded.
You accelerated.
You barked.
It floats.
I am laughing.
I'm laughing.
I wrote.
I landed.
I accelerated.
I closed.
I opened.
I choked.
I saw.
I dove.
You sank.
You taught.
Repeat it.
He barked.
She barked.
Mary barked.
We barked.
They barked.
She accelerated.
Mary accelerated.
We accelerated.
They accelerated.
Wait there.
They yawned.
These were missing!
He learned.
She learned.
Mary learned.
We learned.
They learned.
Mary lied.
We lied.
