Tom and Mary said that they didn't mind.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't care.
Tom and Mary said that they could do it.
Tom and Mary said that they're unlucky.
Tom and Mary said that they're unhappy.
Tom and Mary said that they're thirsty.
Tom and Mary said that they're starved.
Tom and Mary said that they're retired.
Tom and Mary said that they're puzzled.
Tom and Mary said that they're pleased.
Tom and Mary said that they're nervous.
Tom and Mary said that they're jealous.
Tom and Mary said they're healthy.
Tom and Mary said that they're healthy.
Tom and Mary said that they're furious.
Tom and Mary said that they're excited.
Tom and Mary said that they're curious.
Tom and Mary said they're annoyed.
Tom and Mary said that they're annoyed.
Tom and Mary said that they'll help us.
Tom and Mary said that they'll do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd kill you.
Tom and Mary said that they'd kill you.
Tom and Mary said they'd complain.
Tom and Mary said that they'd complain.
Tom and Mary said that they'd call you.
Tom and Mary said they'd been ill.
Tom and Mary said that they'd been ill.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be there.
Tom and Mary said they'd be early.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be early.
Tom and Mary said they would wait.
Tom and Mary said that they would wait.
Tom and Mary said they would help.
Tom and Mary said that they would help.
Tom and Mary said they would come.
Tom and Mary said that they would come.
Tom and Mary said they were naked.
Tom and Mary said that they were naked.
Tom and Mary said they were lucky.
Tom and Mary said that they were dying.
Tom and Mary said they were broke.
Tom and Mary said they were alone.
Tom and Mary said that they want to go.
Tom and Mary said that they understood.
Tom and Mary said that they plan to go.
Tom and Mary said that they liked snow.
Tom and Mary said that they like pizza.
Tom and Mary said that they aren't sure.
Tom and Mary said that they aren't sick.
Tom and Mary said that they aren't busy.
Tom and Mary said that they have to go.
Tom and Mary said they had alibis.
Tom and Mary said that they had alibis.
Tom and Mary said they felt woozy.
Tom and Mary said that they felt woozy.
Tom and Mary said that they felt tired.
Tom and Mary said they felt lucky.
Tom and Mary said that they felt lucky.
Tom and Mary said they felt hated.
Tom and Mary said that they felt hated.
Tom and Mary said that they felt happy.
Tom and Mary said they felt great.
Tom and Mary said that they felt great.
Tom and Mary said they felt dizzy.
Tom and Mary said that they felt dizzy.
Tom and Mary said they felt alone.
Tom and Mary said that they felt alone.
Tom and Mary said that they enjoyed it.
Tom and Mary said they didn't win.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't win.
Tom and Mary said they didn't cry.
Tom and Mary said they're unhurt.
Tom and Mary said that they're unhurt.
Tom and Mary said they're sleepy.
Tom and Mary said that they're sleepy.
Tom and Mary said they're scared.
Tom and Mary said that they're scared.
Tom and Mary said they're lonely.
Tom and Mary said that they're lonely.
Tom and Mary said they're hungry.
Tom and Mary said that they're hungry.
Tom and Mary said they're afraid.
Tom and Mary said that they're afraid.
Tom and Mary said that they'd help us.
Tom and Mary said that they'd call me.
Tom and Mary said they'd be late.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be here.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be back.
Tom and Mary said they would try.
Tom and Mary said that they would try.
Tom and Mary said they won't win.
Tom and Mary said that they won't win.
Tom and Mary said that they won't cry.
Tom and Mary said they were well.
Tom and Mary said that they were well.
Tom and Mary said they were safe.
Tom and Mary said they were rich.
Tom and Mary said they were poor.
Tom and Mary said they were next.
Tom and Mary said they were hurt.
Tom and Mary said they were full.
Tom and Mary said they were free.
Tom and Mary said they were fine.
Tom and Mary said that they were fine.
Tom and Mary said they were done.
Tom and Mary said they were cold.
Tom and Mary said that they should go.
Tom and Mary said they might win.
Tom and Mary said that they might win.
Tom and Mary said they might die.
Tom and Mary said that they might die.
Tom and Mary said they might cry.
Tom and Mary said that they might cry.
Tom and Mary said that they aren't mad.
Tom and Mary said they had to go.
Tom and Mary said that they had to go.
Tom and Mary said they felt weak.
Tom and Mary said that they felt weak.
Tom and Mary said they felt sick.
Tom and Mary said that they felt sick.
Tom and Mary said they felt safe.
Tom and Mary said that they felt safe.
Tom and Mary said they felt hurt.
Tom and Mary said that they felt hurt.
Tom and Mary said they felt good.
Tom and Mary said that they felt good.
Tom and Mary said that they felt fine.
Tom and Mary said that they felt cold.
Tom and Mary said they disagreed.
Tom and Mary said that they disagreed.
Tom and Mary said they're upset.
Tom and Mary said that they're upset.
Tom and Mary said they're tired.
Tom and Mary said that they're tired.
Tom and Mary said they're sorry.
Tom and Mary said they're ready.
Tom and Mary said that they're ready.
Tom and Mary said they're drunk.
Tom and Mary said that they're drunk.
Tom and Mary said they're broke.
Tom and Mary said that they're broke.
Tom and Mary said they're bored.
Tom and Mary said that they're bored.
Tom and Mary said they're angry.
Tom and Mary said that they're angry.
Tom and Mary said they're alone.
Tom and Mary said that they're alone.
Tom and Mary said they'll laugh.
Tom and Mary said that they'll laugh.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be out.
Tom and Mary said they were sad.
Tom and Mary said that they told you.
Tom and Mary said they may wait.
Tom and Mary said that they may wait.
Tom and Mary said they loved me.
Tom and Mary said that they loved me.
Tom and Mary said they liked me.
Tom and Mary said that they liked me.
Tom and Mary said that they liked it.
Tom and Mary said that they knew you.
Tom and Mary said they hated me.
Tom and Mary said that they hated me.
Tom and Mary said that they felt hot.
Tom and Mary said they felt bad.
Tom and Mary said that they felt bad.
Tom and Mary said they've done.
Tom and Mary said that they've done.
Tom and Mary said that they're well.
Tom and Mary said they're weak.
Tom and Mary said that they're weak.
Tom and Mary said that they're sick.
Tom and Mary said that they're safe.
Tom and Mary said that they're fine.
Tom and Mary said that they're cold.
Tom and Mary said that they're busy.
Tom and Mary said that they'll wait.
Tom and Mary said that they'll sing.
Tom and Mary said that they'd leave.
Tom and Mary said that they're shy.
Tom and Mary said that they're mad.
Tom and Mary said they'll win.
Tom and Mary said that they'll win.
Tom and Mary said they snored.
Tom and Mary said that they snored.
Tom and Mary said that they agreed.
Tom and Mary said they cried.
Tom and Mary said that they won.
Tom and Mary told me to be gone by the time they got here.
Tom and Mary told me they won't come to school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't scared of snakes.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't feeling very good.
Tom and Mary told me they were uncomfortable.
Tom and Mary told me they were too tired to study.
Tom and Mary told me they were thrilled.
Tom and Mary told me they were terrified.
Tom and Mary told me they were surprised.
Tom and Mary told me they were satisfied.
Tom and Mary told me they were relieved.
Tom and Mary told me they were positive.
Tom and Mary told me they were offended.
Tom and Mary told me they were miserable.
Tom and Mary told me they were irritated.
Tom and Mary told me they were impressed.
Tom and Mary told me they were homesick.
Tom and Mary told me they were heartbroken.
Tom and Mary told me that they were heartbroken.
Tom and Mary told me they were forgetful.
Tom and Mary told me they were divorced.
Tom and Mary told me they were diabetic.
Tom and Mary told me they were claustrophobic.
Tom and Mary told me they were ambidextrous.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to study French.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to stay single.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to stay single.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted a dog.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted a dog.
Tom and Mary told me they used to be very poor.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they had the flu.
Tom and Mary told me they thought my speech was interesting.
Tom and Mary told me they thought it would rain all day.
Tom and Mary told me they thought I should lose some weight.
Tom and Mary told me they thought I looked drunk.
Tom and Mary told me they thought Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Tom and Mary told me they thought Boston was a safe city.
Tom and Mary told me that they spoke French.
Tom and Mary told me they often dreams in French.
Tom and Mary told me that they often dreams in French.
Tom and Mary told me that they needed some money.
Tom and Mary told me they losing weight.
Tom and Mary told me that they losing weight.
Tom and Mary told me they liked working in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they like you a lot.
Tom and Mary told me that they like you a lot.
Tom and Mary told me they like to swim.
Tom and Mary told me that they like to swim.
Tom and Mary told me they like swimming.
Tom and Mary told me that they like swimming.
Tom and Mary told me they have just done that.
Tom and Mary told me that they have just done that.
Tom and Mary told me they have decided not to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they have decided not to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they hadn't done that yet.
Tom and Mary told me they had been sick.
Tom and Mary told me that they had been sick.
Tom and Mary told me they had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
Tom and Mary told me they had a problem.
Tom and Mary told me that they had a problem.
Tom and Mary told me they grew up in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they grew up in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they got here early today.
Tom and Mary told me they found this in a cave.
Tom and Mary told me they forgot where they hid the key.
Tom and Mary told me they finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary told me that they enjoyed the movie.
Tom and Mary told me they enjoyed the drive.
Tom and Mary told me that they enjoyed the drive.
Tom and Mary told me they drink at least three cups of coffee a day.
Tom and Mary told me that they drink at least three cups of coffee a day.
Tom and Mary told me they don't want that.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't want that.
Tom and Mary told me they don't really care what happens.
Tom and Mary told me they don't like to study in the morning.
Tom and Mary told me they don't know what to do.
Tom and Mary told me they don't know what they should do.
Tom and Mary told me they don't know what they have to do.
Tom and Mary told me they don't know what that is.
Tom and Mary told me they don't have any brothers or sisters.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to go with us.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't see anyone come in.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't expect that to happen.
Tom and Mary told me they could get us what we wanted.
Tom and Mary told me they can't speak French.
Tom and Mary told me that they can't speak French.
Tom and Mary told me they can't eat peanuts.
Tom and Mary told me that they can't eat peanuts.
They told me that they thought Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
They told me that they drink at least three cups of coffee a day.
They told me they thought Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
They told me they drink at least three cups of coffee a day.
They told me that they don't like to study in the morning.
They told me that they don't have any brothers or sisters.
They told me that they thought my speech was interesting.
They told me that they thought I should lose some weight.
They told me that they had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
They told me that to be gone by the time they got here.
They told me that they don't know what they have to do.
They told me that they thought Boston was a safe city.
They told me that they don't really care what happens.
They told me that they don't know what they should do.
They told me they don't like to study in the morning.
They told me they don't have any brothers or sisters.
They told me that they won't come to school tomorrow.
They told me that they thought it would rain all day.
They told me that they forgot where they hid the key.
They told me they thought my speech was interesting.
They told me they thought I should lose some weight.
They told me that they didn't expect that to happen.
They told me they had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
They told me that they have decided not to do that.
They told me that they finished doing that by 2:30.
They told me that they could get us what we wanted.
They told me to be gone by the time they got here.
They told me they don't know what they have to do.
They said that they didn't want to dance together.
They said that they didn't plan on going together.
They told me they thought Boston was a safe city.
They told me they don't really care what happens.
They told me they don't know what they should do.
They told me that they weren't feeling very good.
They told me that they wanted to teach me French.
They told me that they didn't want to go with us.
They told me that they didn't see anyone come in.
They told me they won't come to school tomorrow.
They told me they thought it would rain all day.
They told me they forgot where they hid the key.
They told me that they weren't scared of snakes.
They told me that they thought they had the flu.
They told me they didn't expect that to happen.
They told me that they were too tired to study.
They told me that they liked working in Boston.
They told me that they don't know what that is.
They said that they're glad they could do that.
They said that they're glad that they did that.
They said that they didn't like their new jobs.
They told me they have decided not to do that.
They told me they finished doing that by 2:30.
They told me they could get us what we wanted.
They told me that they wanted to study French.
They told me that they wanted to go to Boston.
They told me that they thought I looked drunk.
They told me that they often dreams in French.
They said that they'll take what they can get.
They said that they wished they could do that.
They said that they weren't afraid of anybody.
They said that they thought they couldn't win.
They said that they disagreed with each other.
They said that they didn't care what happened.
They told me that they wanted to stay single.
They told me that they don't know what to do.
They said they didn't want to dance together.
They said they didn't plan on going together.
They said that they've never eaten Thai food.
They said that they've done that three times.
They said that they've been told not do that.
They said that they've been asked to do that.
They said that they're willing to be patient.
They said that they're trying to lose weight.
They said that they're not planning on going.
They said that they're not making much money.
They said that they're not likely to do that.
They said that they're glad you weren't hurt.
They said that they're glad that you're back.
They said that they're determined to do that.
They said that they're cautiously optimistic.
They said that they'd see what they could do.
They said that they would never hurt anybody.
They said that they wished they'd eaten more.
They said that they weren't ready to go home.
They said that they weren't ready to give up.
They said that they weren't ready to do that.
They said that they weren't planning to stay.
They said that they weren't going to help us.
They said that they weren't going to do that.
They said that they weren't afraid of snakes.
They said that they weren't afraid of anyone.
They said that they want to sell their house.
They said that they think that they can win.
They said that they knew that they could win.
They said that they hoped they could do that.
They said that they felt they had to do that.
They said that they didn't know anybody here.
They told me they weren't feeling very good.
They told me they wanted to teach me French.
They told me they didn't want to go with us.
They told me they didn't see anyone come in.
They told me that they were going to Boston.
They told me that they want to go to Boston.
They told me that they used to be very poor.
They told me that they hadn't done that yet.
They told me that they got here early today.
They told me that they found this in a cave.
They said that they've never studied French.
They said that they've done that many times.
They said that they've been very happy here.
They said that they've been told to do that.
They said that they've been arrested before.
They said that they're taught French before.
They said that they're reluctant to do that.
They said that they're really glad they won.
They said that they're not going to do that.
They said that they're motivated to do that.
They said that they're entirely self-taught.
They said that they're desperate to do that.
They said that they're confident of success.
They said that they're always been athletic.
They said that they'd very unlikely do that.
They said that they'd still like to do that.
They said that they'd rather not go with us.
They said that they'd rather come next week.
They said that they'd prefer not to do that.
They said that they'd overstayed their visa.
They said that they'd never want to do that.
They said that they'd never let you do that.
They said that they'd help you do that, too.
They said that they'd be willing to help us.
They said that they'd be willing to do this.
They said that they'd be willing to do that.
They said that they'd be tempted to do that.
They said that they'd also help you do that.
They said that they wouldn't try to do that.
They said that they wouldn't try doing that.
They said that they would never hurt anyone.
They said that they would come to the party.
They said that they would be at the meeting.
They said that they won't forget that night.
They said that they won't come to our party.
They said that they weren't sure what to do.
They said that they weren't having much fun.
They said that they weren't able to do that.
They said that they went swimming yesterday.
They said that they understand our concern.
They said that they thought that I was lazy.
They said that they thought that I was dead.
They said that they thought I was insincere.
They said that they thought I might not win.
They said that they thought I looked lonely.
They said that they thought I looked hungry.
They said that they think they can do that.
They said that they prefer to stay at home.
They said that they planned to go on Monday.
They said that they planned on going Monday.
They said that they never wanted to do that.
They said that they never agreed to do that.
They said that they needed to do that today.
They said that they left their keys at home.
They said that they knew what that was like.
They said that they knew they could do that.
They said that they knew that you could win.
They said that they aren't planning on going.
They said that they aren't making much money.
They said that they aren't likely to do that.
They said that they hoped they won the race.
They said that they heard three shots fired.
They said that they heard someone screaming.
They said that they have to call the police.
They said that they had to work on Saturday.
They said that they had no plans to do that.
They said that they had better things to do.
They said that they got back home on Monday.
They said that they found something strange.
They said that they figured I could do that.
They said that they felt utterly humiliated.
They said that they felt tempted to do that.
They said that they felt no pressure to win.
They said that they felt like getting drunk.
They said that they didn't want to worry me.
They said that they didn't want to watch TV.
They said that they didn't want me to worry.
They said that they didn't think they'd win.
They said that they didn't see anybody else.
They said that they didn't remember my name.
They said that they didn't plan to be there.
They said that they didn't mean to hurt you.
They said that they didn't know where to go.
They said that they didn't know how to swim.
They said that they didn't know anyone here.
They said that they didn't have enough time.
They said that they didn't have any regrets.
They said that they didn't feel like eating.
They said that they didn't enjoy doing that.
They said that they didn't eat meat anymore.
They said that they couldn't accept the job.
They said that they can get us what we need.
They said that they believed they could win.
They told me they weren't scared of snakes.
They told me they thought they had the flu.
They told me that they were claustrophobic.
They told me that they have just done that.
They said that they've seen people do that.
They said that they've never taught French.
They said that they've never been arrested.
They said that they've been offered $3,000.
They said that they're very busy this week.
They said that they're very busy right now.
They said that they're tired of doing that.
They said that they're studying French now.
They said that they're prepared to help me.
They said that they're planning to go, too.
They said that they're planning to do that.
They said that they're only done that once.
They said that they're hesitant to do that.
They said that they're finished doing that.
They said that they'll leave the door open.
They said that they'll be leaving tomorrow.
They said that they'll be doing that alone.
They said that they'd try to do that today.
They said that they'd try to do that again.
They said that they'd try doing that today.
They said that they'd try doing that again.
They said that they'd rather do that alone.
They said that they'd never come back here.
They said that they'd help me do that, too.
They said that they'd do that and they did.
They said that they'd be home this evening.
They said that they'd be afraid to do that.
They said that they'd also help me do that.
They said that they wouldn't do that today.
They said that they wouldn't do that again.
They said that they would do what we asked.
They said that they would do that tomorrow.
They said that they won't agree to do that.
They said that they weren't planning to go.
They said that they weren't having any fun.
They said that they weren't good at French.
They said that they weren't going anywhere.
They said that they weren't afraid anymore.
They said that they want to be your friend.
They said that they tried to be optimistic.
They said that they tried very hard to win.
They said that they thought they could win.
They said that they thought that you'd win.
They said that they thought I was creative.
They said that they thought I looked happy.
They said that they thought I looked bored.
They said that they should've left earlier.
They said that they remembered being there.
They said that they regret not doing that.
They said that they probably won't do that.
They said that they plan to do that Monday.
They said that they now regrets doing that.
They said that they noticed the same thing.
They said that they needed to study French.
They said that they needed to stay at home.
They said that they needed to get some air.
They said that they needed to do that soon.
They said that they needed one of us there.
They said that they need to get more sleep.
They said that they might possibly do that.
They said that they might agree to do that.
They said that they love that kind of work.
They said that they like this time of year.
They said that they like the sound of that.
They said that they knew you could do that.
They said that they knew what was going on.
They said that they knew this would happen.
They said that they knew they wouldn't win.
They said that they knew that I would come.
They said that they knew that I was coming.
They said that they knew it was time to go.
They said that they aren't going to help us.
They said that they aren't going to do that.
They said that they hope you won't do that.
They said that they hope you won't be late.
They said that they hope it'll happen soon.
They said that they heard somebody yelling.
They said that they heard somebody snoring.
They said that they heard somebody singing.
They said that they haven't studied French.
They said that they have to get more sleep.
They said that they had trouble doing that.
They said that they had to call the police.
They said that they had three dogs at home.
They said that they had nothing else to do.
They said that they had never hurt anybody.
They said that they figured they could win.
They said that they felt obligated to help.
They said that they felt like eating steak.
They said that they didn't work on Mondays.
They said that they didn't want to help us.
They said that they didn't want to eat now.
They said that they didn't want to do this.
They said that they didn't want to do that.
They said that they didn't want me to wait.
They said that they didn't want me to sing.
They said that they didn't see anyone else.
They said that they didn't plan to do that.
They said that they didn't need to do that.
They said that they didn't mind doing that.
They said that they didn't like to do that.
They said that they didn't like doing that.
They said that they didn't know what to do.
They said that they didn't know the answer.
They said that they didn't know any better.
They said that they didn't know any French.
They said that they didn't have to do that.
They said that they didn't feel well today.
They said that they didn't feel threatened.
They said that they didn't feel like going.
They said that they didn't do that anymore.
They said that they didn't care what I did.
They said that they did that the wrong way.
They said that they couldn't help us today.
They said that they couldn't hear anything.
They said that they couldn't do that today.
They said that they couldn't do that again.
They said that they could probably do that.
They told me they were too tired to study.
They told me they liked working in Boston.
They told me they don't know what that is.
They told me that they were uncomfortable.
They told me that they can't speak French.
They said they're glad they could do that.
They said they're glad that they did that.
They said they didn't like their new jobs.
They said that they've had enough of that.
They said that they've done nothing wrong.
They said that they've been robbed before.
They said that they've been feeling tired.
They said that they're willing to do this.
They said that they're willing to do that.
They said that they're through doing that.
They said that they're tempted to do that.
They said that they're ready for the test.
They said that they're only tried it once.
They said that they're not ready to leave.
They said that they're not planning to go.
They said that they're not going anywhere.
They said that they're glad you're coming.
They said that they're glad they did that.
They said that they're feeling better now.
They said that they're fascinated by that.
They said that they'll be doing that soon.
They said that they'd play tennis with us.
They said that they'd never let you drive.
They said that they'd never do that again.
They said that they'd like to talk to you.
They said that they'd like to do that now.
They said that they'd help load the truck.
They said that they'd forgotten something.
They said that they'd do anything for you.
They said that they'd consider doing that.
They said that they'd come to the wedding.
They said that they'd buy what was needed.
They said that they'd been offered $3,000.
They said that they'd be happy to do that.
They said that they'd be back next Monday.
They said that they wouldn't speak French.
They said that they wouldn't say anything.
They said that they would quit doing that.
They said that they would leave on Monday.
They said that they would be OK with that.
They said that they won't walk home today.
They said that they won't wait any longer.
They said that they won't do that anymore.
They said that they wished they were rich.
They said that they weren't ready to talk.
They said that they weren't likely to win.
They said that they weren't likely to cry.
They said that they weren't angry anymore.
They said that they want to join our band.
They said that they walked home yesterday.
They said that they tried to do that once.
They said that they slept well last night.
They said that they remember being there.
They said that they remembered doing that.
They said that they probably wouldn't win.
They said that they probably wouldn't cry.
They said that they planned on doing that.
They said that they needed some more time.
They said that they might never come back.
They said that they might be able to help.
They said that they liked teaching French.
They said that they liked studying French.
They said that they liked speaking French.
They said that they learned something new.
They said that they knew you wouldn't win.
They said that they knew you couldn't win.
They said that they just needed more time.
They said that they jumped out of the way.
They said that they aren't able to do that.
They said that they heard someone yelling.
They said that they heard someone snoring.
They said that they heard someone singing.
They said that they haven't yet done that.
They said that they haven't done that yet.
They said that they had something for you.
They said that they had no reason to stay.
They said that they had never hurt anyone.
They said that they found doing that hard.
They said that they felt quite threatened.
They said that they felt much happier now.
They said that they enjoyed the challenge.
They said that they enjoy teaching French.
They said that they enjoy studying French.
They said that they didn't want to retire.
They said that they didn't want me to win.
They said that they didn't wait very long.
They said that they didn't mean to hit me.
They said that they didn't know the rules.
They said that they didn't intend to stay.
They said that they didn't have insurance.
They said that they didn't have any money.
They said that they didn't have an office.
They said that they didn't care what I do.
They said that they didn't agree with you.
They said that they couldn't speak French.
They said that they could help us do that.
They said that they considered doing that.
They said that they can't wait any longer.
They said that they almost didn't do that.
They said that they acted in self-defense.
They told me they wanted to study French.
They told me they wanted to go to Boston.
They told me they thought I looked drunk.
They told me they often dreams in French.
They told me that they were disappointed.
They told me that they were ambidextrous.
They told me that they needed some money.
They told me that they grew up in Boston.
They told me that they enjoyed the movie.
They told me that they enjoyed the drive.
They told me that they can't eat peanuts.
They said they'll take what they can get.
They said they wished they could do that.
They said they weren't afraid of anybody.
They said they thought they couldn't win.
They said they disagreed with each other.
They said they didn't care what happened.
They said that they've done that already.
They said that they've been feeling sick.
They said that they've been busy all day.
They said that they've already done that.
They said that they're not going to sing.
They said that they're home every Monday.
They said that they're glad you did that.
They said that they're glad that you won.
They said that they're afraid to do that.
They said that they'll never leave early.
They said that they'd stopped doing that.
They said that they'd rather not go home.
They said that they'd rather not eat now.
They said that they'd rather not do that.
They said that they'd pay for the dinner.
They said that they'd pay for everything.
They said that they'd never teach French.
They said that they'd never study French.
They said that they'd never see me again.
They said that they'd never hurt anybody.
They said that they'd never ever do that.
They said that they'd love to go with us.
They said that they'd likely not do that.
They said that they'd like to go with us.
They said that they'd lend me some money.
They said that they'd have to reschedule.
They said that they'd definitely do that.
They said that they'd clean up this mess.
They said that they'd call me right back.
They said that they'd be willing help us.
They said that they'd be willing do that.
They said that they'd be home for dinner.
They said that they'd be glad to do that.
They said that they'd be doing that soon.
They said that they'd be back right away.
They said that they'd be at school today.
They said that they'd be able to help us.
They said that they'd be able to do that.
They said that they wouldn't wait for us.
They said that they wouldn't do it again.
They said that they would do that for us.
They said that they would do that for me.
They said that they weren't going to win.
They said that they weren't feeling well.
They said that they weren't disappointed.
They said that they want to study French.
They said that they thought we could win.
They said that they thought I'm charming.
They said that they thought I looked sad.
They said that they thought I looked fit.
They said that they think you're stupid.
They said that they should've left early.
They said that they remember doing that.
They said that they regretted doing that.
They said that they planned to go Monday.
They said that they plan to study French.
They said that they plan to go on Monday.
They said that they plan on going Monday.
They said that they paid $in advance.
They said that they need to study French.
They said that they need to get some air.
They said that they may possibly do that.
They said that they may agree to do that.
They said that they liked the new carpet.
They said that they like teaching French.
They said that they like studying French.
They said that they like speaking French.
They said that they know they can't win.
They said that they knew that how to win.
They said that they knew that how I felt.
They said that they aren't ready to leave.
They said that they aren't planning to go.
They said that they aren't having any fun.
They said that they aren't going anywhere.
They said that they hope you can do that.
They said that they have nothing to hide.
They said that they had to go home early.
They said that they had no other details.
They said that they had found their keys.
They said that they felt very humiliated.
They said that they felt like doing that.
They said that they felt good about that.
They said that they didn't want you here.
They said that they didn't want to sleep.
They said that they didn't want to leave.
They said that they didn't want to fight.
They said that they didn't want to dance.
They said that they didn't want to argue.
They said that they didn't want me to go.
They said that they didn't want anything.
They said that they didn't smoke anymore.
They said that they didn't remember much.
They said that they didn't play baseball.
They said that they didn't plan on going.
They said that they didn't need to hurry.
They said that they didn't need our help.
They said that they didn't need anything.
They said that they didn't like baseball.
They said that they didn't find it funny.
They said that they didn't feel anything.
They said that they did that three times.
They said that they did it the wrong way.
They said that they couldn't do anything.
They said that they can't sing very well.
They said that they appreciated the help.
They told me they wanted to stay single.
They told me they don't know what to do.
They told me that they were very hungry.
They told me that they were unimpressed.
They told me that they were unconvinced.
They told me that they were heartbroken.
They told me that they were embarrassed.
They told me that they were discouraged.
They said they've never eaten Thai food.
They said they've done that three times.
They said they've been told not do that.
They said they've been asked to do that.
They said they're willing to be patient.
They said they're trying to lose weight.
They said they're not planning on going.
They said they're not making much money.
They said they're not likely to do that.
They said they're glad you weren't hurt.
They said they're glad that you're back.
They said they're determined to do that.
They said they're cautiously optimistic.
They said they'd see what they could do.
They said they would never hurt anybody.
They said they wished they'd eaten more.
They said they weren't ready to go home.
They said they weren't ready to give up.
They said they weren't ready to do that.
They said they weren't planning to stay.
They said they weren't going to help us.
They said they weren't going to do that.
They said they weren't afraid of snakes.
They said they weren't afraid of anyone.
They said they want to sell their house.
They said they think that they can win.
They said they knew that they could win.
They said they hoped they could do that.
They said they felt they had to do that.
They said they didn't know anybody here.
They said that they've done that before.
They said that they've done all of that.
They said that they've been working out.
They said that they've been here before.
They said that they're ready to do that.
They said that they're not in any hurry.
They said that they're going to do that.
They said that they're glad you're back.
They said that they're eating lunch now.
They said that they've always done that.
They said that they'll probably do that.
They said that they'll do that tomorrow.
They said that they'll buy that for you.
They said that they'd sign the contract.
They said that they'd never leave early.
They said that they'd never hurt anyone.
They said that they'd never heard of me.
They said that they'd go there tomorrow.
They said that they'd go back home soon.
They said that they'd be there tomorrow.
They said that they'd be going by train.
They said that they'd be busy on Monday.
They said that they'd be back on Monday.
They said that they'd be at the meeting.
They said that they would do that again.
They said that they would come tomorrow.
They said that they won't do that again.
They said that they weren't very sleepy.
They said that they weren't ready to go.
They said that they weren't mad anymore.
They said that they weren't intoxicated.
They said that they weren't embarrassed.
They said that they weren't discouraged.
They said that they weren't coming back.
They said that they weren't able to win.
They said that they were very surprised.
They said that they were very skeptical.
They said that they were very satisfied.
They said that they were very irritated.
They said that they were very intrigued.
They said that they were very impressed.
They said that they were very confident.
They said that they were very concerned.
They said that they were really worried.
They said that they were really unlucky.
They said that they were really unhappy.
They said that they were really thirsty.
They said that they were really nervous.
They said that they were really jealous.
They said that they were really curious.
They said that they were ready to leave.
They said that they were good at French.
They said that they were getting sleepy.
They said that they were getting hungry.
They said that they were getting drowsy.
They said that they were feeling hungry.
They said that they were doing that now.
They said that they were claustrophobic.
They said that they were asked to leave.
They said that they want to talk to you.
They said that they want to change that.
They said that they thought I was witty.
They said that they thought I was lying.
They said that they thought I was funny.
They said that they thought I might win.
They said that they think they can win.
They said that they should've done that.
They said that they saw something scary.
They said that they needed to stay home.
They said that they need to go shopping.
They said that they like to help others.
They said that they knew they could win.
They said that they knew how to do that.
They said that they aren't likely to win.
They said that they aren't likely to cry.
They said that they intended to do that.
They said that they hope you'll do that.
They said that they hope to change that.
They said that they had to go somewhere.
They said that they had somewhere to go.
They said that they had quit doing that.
They said that they had nothing to hide.
They said that they had no other choice.
They said that they had no more details.
They said that they had fully recovered.
They said that they figured I could win.
They said that they felt very confident.
They said that they felt like giving up.
They said that they felt bad about that.
They said that they enjoyed the concert.
They said that they didn't want to talk.
They said that they didn't want to sing.
They said that they didn't study French.
They said that they didn't speak French.
They said that they didn't see anything.
They said that they didn't mind walking.
They said that they didn't mind waiting.
They said that they didn't hunt anymore.
They said that they didn't have offices.
They said that they didn't drink coffee.
They said that they didn't believe that.
They said that they did nothing illegal.
They said that they couldn't believe it.
They said that they could help us today.
They said that they could do that today.
They said that they bought that for you.
They told me they were going to Boston.
They told me they want to go to Boston.
They told me they used to be very poor.
They told me they hadn't done that yet.
They told me they got here early today.
They told me they found this in a cave.
They told me that they were very tired.
They told me that they were unemployed.
They told me that they were suspicious.
They told me that they were interested.
They told me that they were frustrated.
They told me that they were frightened.
They told me that they don't want that.
They said they've never studied French.
They said they've done that many times.
They said they've been very happy here.
They said they've been told to do that.
They said they've been arrested before.
They said they're taught French before.
They said they're reluctant to do that.
They said they're really glad they won.
They said they're not going to do that.
They said they're motivated to do that.
They said they're entirely self-taught.
They said they're desperate to do that.
They said they're confident of success.
They said they're always been athletic.
They said they'd very unlikely do that.
They said they'd still like to do that.
They said they'd rather not go with us.
They said they'd rather come next week.
They said they'd prefer not to do that.
They said they'd overstayed their visa.
They said they'd never want to do that.
They said they'd never let you do that.
They said they'd help you do that, too.
They said they'd be willing to help us.
They said they'd be willing to do this.
They said they'd be willing to do that.
They said they'd be tempted to do that.
They said they'd also help you do that.
They said they wouldn't try to do that.
They said they wouldn't try doing that.
They said they would never hurt anyone.
They said they would come to the party.
They said they would be at the meeting.
They said they won't forget that night.
They said they won't come to our party.
They said they weren't sure what to do.
They said they weren't having much fun.
They said they weren't able to do that.
They said they went swimming yesterday.
They said they understand our concern.
They said they thought that I was lazy.
They said they thought that I was dead.
They said they thought I was insincere.
They said they thought I might not win.
They said they thought I looked lonely.
They said they thought I looked hungry.
They said they think they can do that.
They said they prefer to stay at home.
They said they planned to go on Monday.
They said they planned on going Monday.
They said they never wanted to do that.
They said they never agreed to do that.
They said they needed to do that today.
They said they left their keys at home.
They said they knew what that was like.
They said they knew they could do that.
They said they knew that you could win.
They said they aren't planning on going.
They said they aren't making much money.
They said they aren't likely to do that.
They said they hoped they won the race.
They said they heard three shots fired.
They said they heard someone screaming.
They said they have to call the police.
They said they had to work on Saturday.
They said they had no plans to do that.
They said they had better things to do.
They said they got back home on Monday.
They said they found something strange.
They said they figured I could do that.
They said they felt utterly humiliated.
They said they felt tempted to do that.
They said they felt no pressure to win.
They said they felt like getting drunk.
They said they didn't want to worry me.
They said they didn't want to watch TV.
They said they didn't want me to worry.
They said they didn't think they'd win.
They said they didn't see anybody else.
They said they didn't remember my name.
They said they didn't plan to be there.
They said they didn't mean to hurt you.
They said they didn't know where to go.
They said they didn't know how to swim.
They said they didn't know anyone here.
They said they didn't have enough time.
They said they didn't have any regrets.
They said they didn't feel like eating.
They said they didn't enjoy doing that.
They said they didn't eat meat anymore.
They said they couldn't accept the job.
They said they can get us what we need.
They said they believed they could win.
They said that they've never done that.
They said that they're very happy here.
They said that they're not ready to go.
They said that they're feeling nervous.
They said that they're doing just fine.
They said that they're also frustrated.
They said that they'll quit doing that.
They said that they'll help us do that.
They said that they'll do that for you.
They said that they'd win and they did.
They said that they'd water the garden.
They said that they'd unlikely do that.
They said that they'd retire this year.
They said that they'd probably do that.
They said that they'd only talk to you.
They said that they'd like to see more.
They said that they'd found their keys.
They said that they'd do that tomorrow.
They said that they'd do that if I did.
They said that they'd do that for sure.
They said that they'd do that for free.
They said that they'd consider my idea.
They said that they'd buy that for you.
They said that they'd been cooperative.
They said that they'd be willing to go.
They said that they'd be happy to help.
They said that they would stop smoking.
They said that they won't speak French.
They said that they won't sing tonight.
They said that they won't ever do that.
They said that they weren't very happy.
They said that they weren't overweight.
They said that they weren't optimistic.
They said that they weren't interested.
They said that they weren't having fun.
They said that they weren't happy here.
They said that they weren't handcuffed.
They said that they weren't colorblind.
They said that they were very ticklish.
They said that they were very grateful.
They said that they were very confused.
They said that they were uncomfortable.
They said that they were unable to win.
They said that they were really sleepy.
They said that they were really scared.
They said that they were really lonely.
They said that they were really hungry.
They said that they were really afraid.
They said that they were ready to talk.
They said that they were ready to help.
They said that they were going to work.
They said that they were going to quit.
They said that they were going to help.
They said that they were going hunting.
They said that they were getting tired.
They said that they were getting antsy.
They said that they were feeling tired.
They said that they were feeling great.
They said that they were asked to help.
They said that they were afraid to fly.
They said that they thought I was lazy.
They said that they thought I was dead.
They said that they thought I was cute.
They said that they regret doing that.
They said that they really did do that.
They said that they probably won't win.
They said that they planned to do that.
They said that they plan on doing that.
They said that they only did that once.
They said that they might possibly win.
They said that they knew you could win.
They said that they knew the area well.
They said that they aren't in any hurry.
They said that they aren't going ashore.
They said that they heard the gunshots.
They said that they heard an explosion.
They said that they had to leave early.
They said that they had fun doing that.
They said that they got out of the way.
They said that they felt uncomfortable.
They said that they felt like outcasts.
They said that they enjoyed doing that.
They said that they enjoyed being here.
They said that they didn't want to die.
They said that they didn't know French.
They said that they didn't feel hungry.
They said that they did that on Monday.
They said that they couldn't swim well.
They said that they couldn't elaborate.
They said that they could've done that.
They said that they could probably win.
They said that they can't speak French.
They said that they believed in ghosts.
They told me they were claustrophobic.
They told me they have just done that.
They told me that they were very busy.
They told me that they were terrified.
They told me that they were surprised.
They told me that they were skeptical.
They told me that they were satisfied.
They told me that they were miserable.
They told me that they were irritated.
They told me that they were impressed.
They told me that they were forgetful.
They told me that they were exhausted.
They told me that they were desperate.
They told me that they were depressed.
They said they've seen people do that.
They said they've never taught French.
They said they've never been arrested.
They said they've been offered $3,000.
They said they're very busy this week.
They said they're very busy right now.
They said they're tired of doing that.
They said they're studying French now.
They said they're prepared to help me.
They said they're planning to go, too.
They said they're planning to do that.
They said they're only done that once.
They said they're hesitant to do that.
They said they're finished doing that.
They said they'll leave the door open.
They said they'll be leaving tomorrow.
They said they'll be doing that alone.
They said they'd try to do that today.
They said they'd try to do that again.
They said they'd try doing that today.
They said they'd try doing that again.
They said they'd rather do that alone.
They said they'd never come back here.
They said they'd help me do that, too.
They said they'd do that and they did.
They said they'd be home this evening.
They said they'd be afraid to do that.
They said they'd also help me do that.
They said they wouldn't do that today.
They said they wouldn't do that again.
They said they would do what we asked.
They said they would do that tomorrow.
They said they won't agree to do that.
They said they weren't planning to go.
They said they weren't having any fun.
They said they weren't good at French.
They said they weren't going anywhere.
They said they weren't afraid anymore.
They said they want to be your friend.
They said they tried to be optimistic.
They said they tried very hard to win.
They said they thought they could win.
They said they thought that you'd win.
They said they thought I was creative.
They said they thought I looked happy.
They said they thought I looked bored.
They said they should've left earlier.
They said they remembered being there.
They said they regret not doing that.
They said they probably won't do that.
They said they plan to do that Monday.
They said they now regrets doing that.
They said they noticed the same thing.
They said they needed to study French.
They said they needed to stay at home.
They said they needed to get some air.
They said they needed to do that soon.
They said they needed one of us there.
They said they need to get more sleep.
They said they might possibly do that.
They said they might agree to do that.
They said they love that kind of work.
They said they like this time of year.
They said they like the sound of that.
They said they knew you could do that.
They said they knew what was going on.
They said they knew this would happen.
They said they knew they wouldn't win.
They said they knew that I would come.
They said they knew that I was coming.
They said they knew it was time to go.
They said they aren't going to help us.
They said they aren't going to do that.
They said they hope you won't do that.
They said they hope you won't be late.
They said they hope it'll happen soon.
They said they heard somebody yelling.
They said they heard somebody snoring.
They said they heard somebody singing.
They said they haven't studied French.
They said they have to get more sleep.
They said they had trouble doing that.
They said they had to call the police.
They said they had three dogs at home.
They said they had nothing else to do.
They said they had never hurt anybody.
They said they figured they could win.
They said they felt obligated to help.
They said they felt like eating steak.
They said they didn't work on Mondays.
They said they didn't want to help us.
They said they didn't want to eat now.
They said they didn't want to do this.
They said they didn't want to do that.
They said they didn't want me to wait.
They said they didn't want me to sing.
They said they didn't see anyone else.
They said they didn't plan to do that.
They said they didn't need to do that.
They said they didn't mind doing that.
They said they didn't like to do that.
They said they didn't like doing that.
They said they didn't know what to do.
They said they didn't know the answer.
They said they didn't know any better.
They said they didn't know any French.
They said they didn't have to do that.
They said they didn't feel well today.
They said they didn't feel threatened.
They said they didn't feel like going.
They said they didn't do that anymore.
They said they didn't care what I did.
They said they did that the wrong way.
They said they couldn't help us today.
They said they couldn't hear anything.
They said they couldn't do that today.
They said they couldn't do that again.
They said they could probably do that.
They said that they've been very busy.
They said that they're ready to leave.
They said that they're not yet thirty.
They said that they're not sleepy yet.
They said that they're not doing that.
They said that they're not being used.
They said that they're doing that now.
They said that they'll try to do that.
They said that they'll do that for us.
They said that they'll call you later.
They said that they'd take care of it.
They said that they'd see me tomorrow.
They said that they'd rather not swim.
They said that they'd quit doing that.
They said that they'd make it on time.
They said that they'd like to eat now.
They said that they'd like to do that.
They said that they'd help us do that.
They said that they'd help me do that.
They said that they'd get there early.
They said that they'd found something.
They said that they'd do that for you.
They said that they'd do that as well.
They said that they'd come back later.
They said that they'd buy some stamps.
They said that they'd been very lucky.
They said that they'd been humiliated.
They said that they'd been handcuffed.
They said that they'd be leaving soon.
They said that they'd be here tonight.
They said that they'd be glad to help.
They said that they'd almost given up.
They said that they wouldn't be there.
They said that they would write to us.
They said that they would sort it out.
They said that they would do it again.
They said that they weren't very cold.
They said that they weren't terrified.
They said that they weren't surprised.
They said that they weren't skeptical.
They said that they weren't satisfied.
They said that they weren't impressed.
They said that they weren't convinced.
They said that they weren't concerned.
They said that they were very worried.
They said that they were very unlucky.
They said that they were very unhappy.
They said that they were very thirsty.
They said that they were very shocked.
They said that they were very serious.
They said that they were very nervous.
They said that they were very jealous.
They said that they were very excited.
They said that they were very curious.
They said that they were still afraid.
They said that they were really upset.
They said that they were really tired.
They said that they were really sorry.
They said that they were really lucky.
They said that they were really happy.
They said that they were really drunk.
They said that they were really broke.
They said that they were really bored.
They said that they were really angry.
They said that they were no different.
They said that they were here to stay.
They said that they were going to win.
They said that they were going to die.
They said that they were glad to help.
They said that they were feeling fine.
They said that they were discontented.
They said that they were disappointed.
They said that they were conservative.
They said that they were appreciative.
They said that they were ambidextrous.
They said that they were all worn out.
They said that they want more details.
They said that they understood French.
They said that they thought you'd win.
They said that they shouldn't do that.
They said that they plan to go Monday.
They said that they paid income taxes.
They said that they needed to do that.
They said that they needed some money.
They said that they needed more money.
They said that they might not do that.
They said that they lost their temper.
They said that they like to ski, too.
They said that they knew who did that.
They said that they knew I was coming.
They said that they aren't ready to go.
They said that they intend to do that.
They said that they heard three shots.
They said that they haven't done that.
They said that they had to talk to me.
They said that they had nowhere to go.
They said that they had lots of money.
They said that they felt very nervous.
They said that they felt the same way.
They said that they felt like dancing.
They said that they felt disappointed.
They said that they enjoyed the party.
They said that they didn't want to go.
They said that they didn't plan to go.
They said that they didn't need money.
They said that they didn't feel tired.
They said that they didn't drink wine.
They said that they didn't believe it.
They said that they did nothing wrong.
They said that they could come get it.
They said that they called the police.
They said that they agreed to do that.
They told me they were uncomfortable.
They told me they can't speak French.
They told me that they were ticklish.
They told me that they were thrilled.
They told me that they were relieved.
They told me that they were prepared.
They told me that they were positive.
They told me that they were offended.
They told me that they were innocent.
They told me that they were homesick.
They told me that they were divorced.
They told me that they were diabetic.
They told me that they were confused.
They told me that they losing weight.
They told me that they like swimming.
They told me that they had been sick.
They said they've had enough of that.
They said they've done nothing wrong.
They said they've been robbed before.
They said they've been feeling tired.
They said they're willing to do this.
They said they're willing to do that.
They said they're through doing that.
They said they're tempted to do that.
They said they're ready for the test.
They said they're only tried it once.
They said they're not ready to leave.
They said they're not planning to go.
They said they're not going anywhere.
They said they're glad you're coming.
They said they're glad they did that.
They said they're feeling better now.
They said they're fascinated by that.
They said they'll be doing that soon.
They said they'd play tennis with us.
They said they'd never let you drive.
They said they'd never do that again.
They said they'd like to talk to you.
They said they'd like to do that now.
They said they'd help load the truck.
They said they'd forgotten something.
They said they'd do anything for you.
They said they'd consider doing that.
They said they'd come to the wedding.
They said they'd buy what was needed.
They said they'd been offered $3,000.
They said they'd be happy to do that.
They said they'd be back next Monday.
They said they wouldn't speak French.
They said they wouldn't say anything.
They said they would quit doing that.
They said they would leave on Monday.
They said they would be OK with that.
They said they won't walk home today.
They said they won't wait any longer.
They said they won't do that anymore.
They said they wished they were rich.
They said they weren't ready to talk.
They said they weren't likely to win.
They said they weren't likely to cry.
They said they weren't angry anymore.
They said they want to join our band.
They said they walked home yesterday.
They said they tried to do that once.
They said they slept well last night.
They said they remember being there.
They said they remembered doing that.
They said they probably wouldn't win.
They said they probably wouldn't cry.
They said they planned on doing that.
They said they needed some more time.
They said they might never come back.
They said they might be able to help.
They said they liked teaching French.
They said they liked studying French.
They said they liked speaking French.
They said they learned something new.
They said they knew you wouldn't win.
They said they knew you couldn't win.
They said they just needed more time.
They said they jumped out of the way.
They said they aren't able to do that.
They said they heard someone yelling.
They said they heard someone snoring.
They said they heard someone singing.
They said they haven't yet done that.
They said they haven't done that yet.
They said they had something for you.
They said they had no reason to stay.
They said they had never hurt anyone.
They said they found doing that hard.
They said they felt quite threatened.
They said they felt much happier now.
They said they enjoyed the challenge.
They said they enjoy teaching French.
They said they enjoy studying French.
They said they didn't want to retire.
They said they didn't want me to win.
They said they didn't wait very long.
They said they didn't mean to hit me.
They said they didn't know the rules.
They said they didn't intend to stay.
They said they didn't have insurance.
They said they didn't have any money.
They said they didn't have an office.
They said they didn't care what I do.
They said they didn't agree with you.
They said they couldn't speak French.
They said they could help us do that.
They said they considered doing that.
They said they can't wait any longer.
They said they almost didn't do that.
They said they acted in self-defense.
They said that they've been forgiven.
They said that they're ready to help.
They said that they're quit drinking.
They said that they'll never do that.
They said that they'll look after me.
They said that they'll do that later.
They said that they'll check into it.
They said that they'd try to do that.
They said that they'd try doing that.
They said that they'd think about it.
They said that they'd rather go home.
They said that they'd never leave me.
They said that they'd likely do that.
They said that they'd do that for us.
They said that they'd definitely win.
They said that they'd call you later.
They said that they'd been fortunate.
They said that they'd be there early.
They said that they'd be cooperative.
They said that they'd be coming back.
They said that they wouldn't help me.
They said that they wouldn't do that.
They said that they would look at it.
They said that they weren't to blame.
They said that they weren't ticklish.
They said that they weren't prepared.
They said that they weren't offended.
They said that they weren't homesick.
They said that they weren't finished.
They said that they weren't Canadian.
They said that they were very sleepy.
They said that they were very scared.
They said that they were very lonely.
They said that they were very hungry.
They said that they were very amused.
They said that they were unimpressed.
They said that they were unconvinced.
They said that they were unconcerned.
They said that they were sympathetic.
They said that they were really sick.
They said that they were really rich.
They said that they were really poor.
They said that they were really cold.
They said that they were really busy.
They said that they were ready to go.
They said that they were pessimistic.
They said that they were overwhelmed.
They said that they were over thirty.
They said that they were intoxicated.
They said that they were heartbroken.
They said that they were feeling bad.
They said that they were embarrassed.
They said that they were disoriented.
They said that they were discouraged.
They said that they were coming back.
They said that they were comfortable.
They said that they want to meet you.
They said that they tried to do that.
They said that they prefers red wine.
They said that they planned on going.
They said that they ought to do that.
They said that they never felt tired.
They said that they needed the money.
They said that they needed some cash.
They said that they needed more time.
They said that they liked to do that.
They said that they liked doing that.
They said that they aren't thirty yet.
They said that they aren't sleepy yet.
They said that they had to work late.
They said that they had to walk home.
They said that they had to stay home.
They said that they found their keys.
They said that they forgot something.
They said that they felt very sleepy.
They said that they felt very lonely.
They said that they felt very guilty.
They said that they felt responsible.
They said that they felt overwhelmed.
They said that they felt no pressure.
They said that they felt manipulated.
They said that they felt like crying.
They said that they felt lightheaded.
They said that they felt intimidated.
They said that they felt embarrassed.
They said that they felt comfortable.
They said that they enjoyed the view.
They said that they enjoyed the show.
They said that they enjoyed the food.
They said that they enjoy doing that.
They said that they didn't want this.
They said that they didn't like this.
They said that they didn't like dogs.
They said that they didn't like cats.
They said that they didn't like beer.
They said that they didn't know this.
They said that they didn't feel well.
They said that they didn't feel safe.
They said that they didn't feel cold.
They said that they did that in 2013.
They said that they did that for you.
They said that they did that already.
They said that they couldn't help me.
They said that they couldn't do that.
They said that they couldn't breathe.
They said that they could see ghosts.
They said that they could do nothing.
They said that they ate way too much.
They said that they appreciated that.
They said that they already did that.
They told me they were disappointed.
They told me they were ambidextrous.
They told me they needed some money.
They told me they grew up in Boston.
They told me they enjoyed the movie.
They told me they enjoyed the drive.
They told me they can't eat peanuts.
They told me that they spoke French.
They told me that they like to swim.
They said they've done that already.
They said they've been feeling sick.
They said they've been busy all day.
They said they've already done that.
They said they're not going to sing.
They said they're home every Monday.
They said they're glad you did that.
They said they're glad that you won.
They said they're afraid to do that.
They said they'll never leave early.
They said they'd stopped doing that.
They said they'd rather not go home.
They said they'd rather not eat now.
They said they'd rather not do that.
They said they'd pay for the dinner.
They said they'd pay for everything.
They said they'd never teach French.
They said they'd never study French.
They said they'd never see me again.
They said they'd never hurt anybody.
They said they'd never ever do that.
They said they'd love to go with us.
They said they'd likely not do that.
They said they'd like to go with us.
They said they'd lend me some money.
They said they'd have to reschedule.
They said they'd definitely do that.
They said they'd clean up this mess.
They said they'd call me right back.
They said they'd be willing help us.
They said they'd be willing do that.
They said they'd be home for dinner.
They said they'd be glad to do that.
They said they'd be doing that soon.
They said they'd be back right away.
They said they'd be at school today.
They said they'd be able to help us.
They said they'd be able to do that.
They said they wouldn't wait for us.
They said they wouldn't do it again.
They said they would do that for us.
They said they would do that for me.
They said they weren't going to win.
They said they weren't feeling well.
They said they weren't disappointed.
They said they want to study French.
They said they thought we could win.
They said they thought I'm charming.
They said they thought I looked sad.
They said they thought I looked fit.
They said they think you're stupid.
They said they should've left early.
They said they remember doing that.
They said they regretted doing that.
They said they planned to go Monday.
They said they plan to study French.
They said they plan to go on Monday.
They said they plan on going Monday.
They said they paid $in advance.
They said they need to study French.
They said they need to get some air.
They said they may possibly do that.
They said they may agree to do that.
They said they liked the new carpet.
They said they like teaching French.
They said they like studying French.
They said they like speaking French.
They said they know they can't win.
They said they knew that how to win.
They said they knew that how I felt.
They said they aren't ready to leave.
They said they aren't planning to go.
They said they aren't having any fun.
They said they aren't going anywhere.
They said they hope you can do that.
They said they have nothing to hide.
They said they had to go home early.
They said they had no other details.
They said they had found their keys.
They said they felt very humiliated.
They said they felt like doing that.
They said they felt good about that.
They said they didn't want you here.
They said they didn't want to sleep.
They said they didn't want to leave.
They said they didn't want to fight.
They said they didn't want to dance.
They said they didn't want to argue.
They said they didn't want me to go.
They said they didn't want anything.
They said they didn't smoke anymore.
They said they didn't remember much.
They said they didn't play baseball.
They said they didn't plan on going.
They said they didn't need to hurry.
They said they didn't need our help.
They said they didn't need anything.
They said they didn't like baseball.
They said they didn't find it funny.
They said they didn't feel anything.
They said they did that three times.
They said they did it the wrong way.
They said they couldn't do anything.
They said they can't sing very well.
They said they appreciated the help.
They said that they're still afraid.
They said that they're not doing it.
They said that they're going to win.
They said that they're glad you won.
They said that they're glad to help.
They said that they're feeling fine.
They said that they'll probably win.
They said that they'll probably cry.
They said that they'll do that soon.
They said that they'd never seen it.
They said that they'd never do that.
They said that they'd do that later.
They said that they'd do that again.
They said that they'd come tomorrow.
They said that they'd call tomorrow.
They said that they'd been careless.
They said that they'd been betrayed.
They said that they'd be right over.
They said that they'd be right back.
They said that they'd be ready soon.
They said that they would come back.
They said that they won't go ashore.
They said that they weren't worried.
They said that they weren't unhappy.
They said that they weren't thirsty.
They said that they weren't so sure.
They said that they weren't shocked.
They said that they weren't serious.
They said that they weren't retired.
They said that they weren't nervous.
They said that they weren't married.
They said that they weren't jealous.
They said that they weren't injured.
They said that they weren't in pain.
They said that they weren't healthy.
They said that they weren't at home.
They said that they weren't annoyed.
They said that they weren't adopted.
They said that they were very upset.
They said that they were very tired.
They said that they were very sorry.
They said that they were very lucky.
They said that they were very drunk.
They said that they were very broke.
They said that they were very bored.
They said that they were very angry.
They said that they were unemployed.
They said that they were suspicious.
They said that they were supportive.
They said that they were really mad.
They said that they were quite busy.
They said that they were optimistic.
They said that they were interested.
They said that they were having fun.
They said that they were happy here.
They said that they were frustrated.
They said that they were frightened.
They said that they were doing fine.
They said that they were displeased.
They said that they were colorblind.
They said that they want to do that.
They said that they plan to do that.
They said that they never said that.
They said that they needed our help.
They said that they need to do that.
They said that they may not do that.
They said that they loved chocolate.
They said that they liked the party.
They said that they liked the movie.
They said that they like to do that.
They said that they like doing that.
They said that they know the rules.
They said that they knew who did it.
They said that they knew what to do.
They said that they knew how to win.
They said that they knew how I felt.
They said that they kept doing that.
They said that they aren't buying it.
They said that they intended to win.
They said that they have to do that.
They said that they hated this book.
They said that they had the day off.
They said that they found something.
They said that they felt vulnerable.
They said that they felt very tired.
They said that they felt very happy.
They said that they felt threatened.
They said that they felt persecuted.
They said that they felt invincible.
They said that they felt humiliated.
They said that they felt frustrated.
They said that they didn't know you.
They said that they didn't know why.
They said that they didn't feel hot.
They said that they didn't eat pork.
They said that they didn't eat meat.
They said that they did that for us.
They said that they cried every day.
They said that they cried all night.
They said that they couldn't recall.
They said that they could swim well.
They said that they could handle it.
They told me they were very hungry.
They told me they were unimpressed.
They told me they were unconvinced.
They told me they were heartbroken.
They told me they were embarrassed.
They told me they were discouraged.
They said they've done that before.
They said they've done all of that.
They said they've been working out.
They said they've been here before.
They said they're ready to do that.
They said they're not in any hurry.
They said they're going to do that.
They said they're glad you're back.
They said they're eating lunch now.
They said they've always done that.
They said they'll probably do that.
They said they'll do that tomorrow.
They said they'll buy that for you.
They said they'd sign the contract.
They said they'd never leave early.
They said they'd never hurt anyone.
They said they'd never heard of me.
They said they'd go there tomorrow.
They said they'd go back home soon.
They said they'd be there tomorrow.
They said they'd be going by train.
They said they'd be busy on Monday.
They said they'd be back on Monday.
They said they'd be at the meeting.
They said they would do that again.
They said they would come tomorrow.
They said they won't do that again.
They said they weren't very sleepy.
They said they weren't ready to go.
They said they weren't mad anymore.
They said they weren't intoxicated.
They said they weren't embarrassed.
They said they weren't discouraged.
They said they weren't coming back.
They said they weren't able to win.
They said they were very surprised.
They said they were very skeptical.
They said they were very satisfied.
They said they were very irritated.
They said they were very intrigued.
They said they were very impressed.
They said they were very concerned.
They said they were really worried.
They said they were really unlucky.
They said they were really unhappy.
They said they were really thirsty.
They said they were really nervous.
They said they were really jealous.
They said they were really curious.
They said they were claustrophobic.
They said they want to talk to you.
They said they want to change that.
They said they thought I was witty.
They said they thought I was lying.
They said they thought I was funny.
They said they thought I might win.
They said they think they can win.
They said they should've done that.
They said they saw something scary.
They said they needed to stay home.
They said they need to go shopping.
They said they like to help others.
They said they knew they could win.
They said they knew how to do that.
They said they aren't likely to win.
They said they aren't likely to cry.
They said they intended to do that.
They said they hope you'll do that.
They said they hope to change that.
They said they had to go somewhere.
They said they had somewhere to go.
They said they had quit doing that.
They said they had nothing to hide.
They said they had no other choice.
They said they had no more details.
They said they had fully recovered.
They said they figured I could win.
They said they felt very confident.
They said they felt like giving up.
They said they felt bad about that.
They said they enjoyed the concert.
They said they didn't want to talk.
They said they didn't want to sing.
They said they didn't study French.
They said they didn't speak French.
They said they didn't see anything.
They said they didn't mind walking.
They said they didn't mind waiting.
They said they didn't hunt anymore.
They said they didn't have offices.
They said they didn't drink coffee.
They said they didn't believe that.
They said they did nothing illegal.
They said they couldn't believe it.
They said they could help us today.
They said they could do that today.
They said they bought that for you.
They said that they're very hungry.
They said that they're unimpressed.
They said that they're unconvinced.
They said that they're sympathetic.
They said that they're ready to go.
They said that they're pessimistic.
They said that they're not worried.
They said that they're not thirsty.
They said that they're heartbroken.
They said that they're embarrassed.
They said that they're discouraged.
They said that they'd wait and see.
They said that they'd probably win.
They said that they'd pay the bill.
They said that they'd love to help.
They said that they'd look into it.
They said that they'd like to help.
They said that they'd go to church.
They said that they'd do that, too.
They said that they'd do that soon.
They said that they'd call me back.
They said that they'd been foolish.
They said that they'd been careful.
They said that they'd be back soon.
They said that they'd also do that.
They said that they wouldn't do it.
They said that they wouldn't dance.
They said that they weren't thirty.
They said that they weren't strong.
They said that they weren't sleepy.
They said that they weren't single.
They said that they weren't scared.
They said that they weren't lonely.
They said that they weren't hungry.
They said that they weren't guilty.
They said that they weren't coming.
They said that they weren't bitter.
They said that they weren't amused.
They said that they weren't afraid.
They said that they were very sick.
They said that they were very rich.
They said that they were very poor.
They said that they were very cold.
They said that they were very busy.
They said that they were unmarried.
They said that they were terrified.
They said that they were surprised.
They said that they were skeptical.
They said that they were satisfied.
They said that they were mortified.
They said that they were miserable.
They said that they were irritated.
They said that they were intrigued.
They said that they were impressed.
They said that they were exhausted.
They said that they were done, too.
They said that they were dog-tired.
They said that they were desperate.
They said that they were depressed.
They said that they were concerned.
They said that they were at school.
They said that they were all alone.
They said that they want to retire.
They said that they studied French.
They said that they should do that.
They said that they never did that.
They said that they needed my help.
They said that they loved baseball.
They said that they lost their key.
They said that they liked the idea.
They said that they like good wine.
They said that they knew the rules.
They said that they heard gunshots.
They said that they hadn't done it.
They said that they had to do that.
They said that they had no regrets.
They said that they felt wonderful.
They said that they felt reassured.
They said that they felt powerless.
They said that they felt neglected.
They said that they felt fantastic.
They said that they felt desperate.
They said that they didn't do that.
They said that they did that wrong.
They said that they couldn't do it.
They told me they were very tired.
They told me they were unemployed.
They told me they were suspicious.
They told me they were interested.
They told me they were frustrated.
They told me they were frightened.
They told me they don't want that.
They said they've never done that.
They said they're very happy here.
They said they're not ready to go.
They said they're feeling nervous.
They said they're doing just fine.
They said they're also frustrated.
They said they'll quit doing that.
They said they'll help us do that.
They said they'll do that for you.
They said they'd win and they did.
They said they'd water the garden.
They said they'd unlikely do that.
They said they'd retire this year.
They said they'd probably do that.
They said they'd only talk to you.
They said they'd like to see more.
They said they'd found their keys.
They said they'd do that tomorrow.
They said they'd do that if I did.
They said they'd do that for sure.
They said they'd do that for free.
They said they'd consider my idea.
They said they'd buy that for you.
They said they'd been cooperative.
They said they'd be willing to go.
They said they'd be happy to help.
They said they would stop smoking.
They said they won't speak French.
They said they won't sing tonight.
They said they won't ever do that.
They said they weren't very happy.
They said they weren't overweight.
They said they weren't optimistic.
They said they weren't interested.
They said they weren't having fun.
They said they weren't happy here.
They said they weren't handcuffed.
They said they weren't colorblind.
They said they were very ticklish.
They said they were very grateful.
They said they were really sleepy.
They said they were really scared.
They said they were really lonely.
They said they were really hungry.
They said they were really afraid.
They said they thought I was lazy.
They said they thought I was dead.
They said they thought I was cute.
They said they regret doing that.
They said they really did do that.
They said they probably won't win.
They said they planned to do that.
They said they plan on doing that.
They said they only did that once.
They said they might possibly win.
They said they knew you could win.
They said they knew the area well.
They said they aren't in any hurry.
They said they aren't going ashore.
They said they heard the gunshots.
They said they heard an explosion.
They said they had to leave early.
They said they had fun doing that.
They said they got out of the way.
They said they felt uncomfortable.
They said they felt like outcasts.
They said they enjoyed doing that.
They said they enjoyed being here.
They said they didn't want to die.
They said they didn't know French.
They said they didn't feel hungry.
They said they did that on Monday.
They said they couldn't swim well.
They said they couldn't elaborate.
They said they could've done that.
They said they could probably win.
They said they can't speak French.
They said they believed in ghosts.
They said that they're very tired.
They said that they're very happy.
They said that they're unemployed.
They said that they're suspicious.
They said that they're supportive.
They said that they're optimistic.
They said that they're not sleepy.
They said that they're not hungry.
They said that they're interested.
They said that they're frustrated.
They said that they're frightened.
They said that they're displeased.
They said that they'll try to win.
They said that they'll leave soon.
They said that they'd wait for us.
They said that they'd sort it out.
They said that they'd like to win.
They said that they'd do it later.
They said that they'd been hungry.
They said that they wouldn't wait.
They said that they would help me.
They said that they would do that.
They said that they would be here.
They said that they won't do that.
They said that they weren't wrong.
They said that they weren't upset.
They said that they weren't tired.
They said that they weren't sorry.
They said that they weren't ready.
They said that they weren't lucky.
They said that they weren't happy.
They said that they weren't drunk.
They said that they weren't broke.
They said that they weren't bored.
They said that they weren't angry.
They said that they weren't alone.
They said that they were worn out.
They said that they were very sad.
They said that they were very mad.
They said that they were unbiased.
They said that they were unafraid.
They said that they were troubled.
They said that they were ticklish.
They said that they were thrilled.
They said that they were starving.
They said that they were so sorry.
They said that they were retiring.
They said that they were relieved.
They said that they were prepared.
They said that they were offended.
They said that they were mistaken.
They said that they were innocent.
They said that they were homesick.
They said that they were homeless.
They said that they were grateful.
They said that they were finished.
They said that they were famished.
They said that they were divorced.
They said that they were confused.
They said that they were betrayed.
They said that they were Canadian.
They said that they planned to go.
They said that they plan on going.
They said that they might not win.
They said that they might do that.
They said that they loved me, too.
They said that they loved animals.
They said that they liked my idea.
They said that they liked my hair.
They said that they like the idea.
They said that they like swimming.
They said that they aren't worried.
They said that they aren't thirsty.
They said that they intend to win.
They said that they hurt all over.
They said that they felt the same.
They said that they felt terrific.
They said that they felt terrible.
They said that they felt repulsed.
They said that they felt relieved.
They said that they felt rejected.
They said that they felt offended.
They said that they felt nauseous.
They said that they felt left out.
They said that they felt homesick.
They said that they felt helpless.
They said that they felt excluded.
They said that they felt confused.
They said that they felt betrayed.
They said that they didn't get it.
They said that they did just that.
They said that they couldn't walk.
They said that they couldn't wait.
They said that they couldn't swim.
They said that they could take it.
They said that they could help us.
They said that they could do that.
They said that they can't do that.
They said that they can handle it.
They said that they believed that.
They told me they were very busy.
They told me they were terrified.
They told me they were surprised.
They told me they were skeptical.
They told me they were satisfied.
They told me they were miserable.
They told me they were irritated.
They told me they were impressed.
They told me they were forgetful.
They told me they were exhausted.
They told me they were desperate.
They told me they were depressed.
They said they've been very busy.
They said they're ready to leave.
They said they're not yet thirty.
They said they're not sleepy yet.
They said they're not doing that.
They said they're not being used.
They said they're doing that now.
They said they'll try to do that.
They said they'll do that for us.
They said they'll call you later.
They said they'd take care of it.
They said they'd see me tomorrow.
They said they'd rather not swim.
They said they'd quit doing that.
They said they'd make it on time.
They said they'd like to eat now.
They said they'd like to do that.
They said they'd help us do that.
They said they'd help me do that.
They said they'd get there early.
They said they'd found something.
They said they'd do that for you.
They said they'd do that as well.
They said they'd come back later.
They said they'd buy some stamps.
They said they'd been very lucky.
They said they'd been humiliated.
They said they'd been handcuffed.
They said they'd be leaving soon.
They said they'd be here tonight.
They said they'd be glad to help.
They said they'd almost given up.
They said they wouldn't be there.
They said they would write to us.
They said they would sort it out.
They said they would do it again.
They said they weren't very cold.
They said they weren't terrified.
They said they weren't surprised.
They said they weren't skeptical.
They said they weren't satisfied.
They said they weren't impressed.
They said they weren't convinced.
They said they weren't concerned.
They said they were very worried.
They said they were very unlucky.
They said they were very unhappy.
They said they were very thirsty.
They said they were very shocked.
They said they were very serious.
They said they were very jealous.
They said they were very excited.
They said they were very curious.
They said they were really upset.
They said they were really tired.
They said they were really sorry.
They said they were really lucky.
They said they were really drunk.
They said they were really broke.
They said they were really bored.
They said they were really angry.
They said they were no different.
They said they were discontented.
They said they were conservative.
They said they were ambidextrous.
They said they want more details.
They said they understood French.
They said they thought you'd win.
They said they shouldn't do that.
They said they plan to go Monday.
They said they paid income taxes.
They said they needed to do that.
They said they needed some money.
They said they needed more money.
They said they might not do that.
They said they lost their temper.
They said they like to ski, too.
They said they knew who did that.
They said they knew I was coming.
They said they aren't ready to go.
They said they intend to do that.
They said they heard three shots.
They said they haven't done that.
They said they had to talk to me.
They said they had nowhere to go.
They said they had lots of money.
They said they felt very nervous.
They said they felt the same way.
They said they felt like dancing.
They said they felt disappointed.
They said they enjoyed the party.
They said they didn't want to go.
They said they didn't plan to go.
They said they didn't need money.
They said they didn't feel tired.
They said they didn't drink wine.
They said they didn't believe it.
They said they did nothing wrong.
They said they could come get it.
They said they called the police.
They said they agreed to do that.
They said that they're very busy.
They said that they're skeptical.
They said that they're not tired.
They said that they're not happy.
They said that they're not alone.
They said that they're no expert.
They said that they're irritated.
They said that they're exhausted.
They said that they're desperate.
They said that they're depressed.
They said that they're concerned.
They said that they'd try to win.
They said that they'd look at it.
They said that they'd likely win.
They said that they'd been wrong.
They said that they'd be on time.
They said that they wouldn't win.
They said that they wouldn't cry.
They said that they would buy it.
They said that they would appeal.
They said that they weren't sure.
They said that they weren't sick.
They said that they weren't rich.
They said that they weren't poor.
They said that they weren't hurt.
They said that they weren't full.
They said that they weren't free.
They said that they weren't done.
They said that they weren't cold.
They said that they weren't busy.
They said that they were wounded.
They said that they were worried.
They said that they were unlucky.
They said that they were unhappy.
They said that they were thirsty.
They said that they were stunned.
They said that they were starved.
They said that they were shocked.
They said that they were serious.
They said that they were retired.
They said that they were relaxed.
They said that they were puzzled.
They said that they were psychic.
They said that they were psyched.
They said that they were pleased.
They said that they were nervous.
They said that they were married.
They said that they were jealous.
They said that they were healthy.
They said that they were furious.
They said that they were excited.
They said that they were dubious.
They said that they were curious.
They said that they were baffled.
They said that they were at home.
They said that they were ashamed.
They said that they were artists.
They said that they were annoyed.
They said that they were adopted.
They said that they tried to win.
They said that they spoke French.
They said that they needed money.
They said that they liked skiing.
They said that they like to swim.
They said that they knew who won.
They said that they aren't sleepy.
They said that they aren't hungry.
They said that they had to split.
They said that they had to leave.
They said that they had no vices.
They said that they had no money.
They said that they felt wronged.
They said that they felt trapped.
They said that they felt snubbed.
They said that they felt seasick.
They said that they felt nothing.
They said that they felt nervous.
They said that they felt foolish.
They said that they felt cheated.
They said that they felt awkward.
They said that they felt at home.
They said that they felt amazing.
They said that they didn't smoke.
They said that they didn't do it.
They said that they didn't agree.
They said that they did it wrong.
They said that they could fix it.
They said that they ate too much.
They told me they were ticklish.
They told me they were thrilled.
They told me they were relieved.
They told me they were prepared.
They told me they were positive.
They told me they were offended.
They told me they were innocent.
They told me they were homesick.
They told me they were divorced.
They told me they were diabetic.
They told me they were confused.
They told me they losing weight.
They told me they like swimming.
They told me they had been sick.
They said they've been forgiven.
They said they're ready to help.
They said they're quit drinking.
They said they'll never do that.
They said they'll look after me.
They said they'll do that later.
They said they'll check into it.
They said they'd try to do that.
They said they'd try doing that.
They said they'd think about it.
They said they'd rather go home.
They said they'd never leave me.
They said they'd likely do that.
They said they'd do that for us.
They said they'd definitely win.
They said they'd call you later.
They said they'd been fortunate.
They said they'd be there early.
They said they'd be cooperative.
They said they'd be coming back.
They said they wouldn't help me.
They said they wouldn't do that.
They said they would look at it.
They said they weren't to blame.
They said they weren't ticklish.
They said they weren't prepared.
They said they weren't offended.
They said they weren't homesick.
They said they weren't finished.
They said they weren't Canadian.
They said they were very scared.
They said they were very amused.
They said they were unconcerned.
They said they were really sick.
They said they were really rich.
They said they were really poor.
They said they were really cold.
They said they were really busy.
They said they were overwhelmed.
They said they were intoxicated.
They said they want to meet you.
They said they tried to do that.
They said they prefer red wine.
They said they planned on going.
They said they ought to do that.
They said they never felt tired.
They said they needed the money.
They said they needed some cash.
They said they needed more time.
They said they liked to do that.
They said they liked doing that.
They said they aren't thirty yet.
They said they aren't sleepy yet.
They said they had to work late.
They said they had to walk home.
They said they had to stay home.
They said they found their keys.
They said they forgot something.
They said they felt very sleepy.
They said they felt very lonely.
They said they felt very guilty.
They said they felt responsible.
They said they felt overwhelmed.
They said they felt no pressure.
They said they felt manipulated.
They said they felt like crying.
They said they felt lightheaded.
They said they felt intimidated.
They said they felt embarrassed.
They said they felt comfortable.
They said they enjoyed the view.
They said they enjoyed the show.
They said they enjoyed the food.
They said they enjoy doing that.
They said they didn't want this.
They said they didn't like this.
They said they didn't like dogs.
They said they didn't like cats.
They said they didn't like beer.
They said they didn't know this.
They said they didn't feel well.
They said they didn't feel safe.
They said they didn't feel cold.
They said they did that in 2013.
They said they did that for you.
They said they did that already.
They said they couldn't help me.
They said they couldn't do that.
They said they couldn't breathe.
They said they could see ghosts.
They said they could do nothing.
They said they ate way too much.
They said they appreciated that.
They said they already did that.
They said that they're unbiased.
They said that they're unafraid.
They said that they're ticklish.
They said that they're prepared.
They said that they're not busy.
They said that they're innocent.
They said that they're grateful.
They said that they're confused.
They said that they're Canadian.
They said that they'll be there.
They said that they'd try again.
They said that they'd failed us.
They said that they'd eat fruit.
They said that they'd been busy.
They said that they would do it.
They said that they weren't sad.
They said that they weren't mad.
They said that they were unhurt.
They said that they were thirty.
They said that they were strong.
They said that they were sleepy.
They said that they were single.
They said that they were scared.
They said that they were lonely.
They said that they were eating.
They said that they were amused.
They said that they were afraid.
They said that they want to win.
They said that they want to die.
They said that they walked home.
They said that they saw nothing.
They said that they may not win.
They said that they may do that.
They said that they aren't upset.
They said that they aren't tired.
They said that they aren't happy.
They said that they aren't angry.
They said that they had to work.
They said that they freaked out.
They said that they felt uneasy.
They said that they felt strong.
They said that they felt scared.
They said that they felt lonely.
They said that they felt hungry.
They said that they felt guilty.
They said that they felt better.
They said that they didn't swim.
They said that they didn't mind.
They said that they didn't know.
They said that they didn't care.
They said that they could do it.
They told me they spoke French.
They told me they like to swim.
They said they're still afraid.
They said they're not doing it.
They said they're going to win.
They said they're glad you won.
They said they're glad to help.
They said they're feeling fine.
They said they'll probably win.
They said they'll probably cry.
They said they'll do that soon.
They said they'd never seen it.
They said they'd never do that.
They said they'd do that later.
They said they'd do that again.
They said they'd come tomorrow.
They said they'd call tomorrow.
They said they'd been careless.
They said they'd been betrayed.
They said they'd be right over.
They said they'd be right back.
They said they'd be ready soon.
They said they would come back.
They said they won't go ashore.
They said they weren't worried.
They said they weren't unhappy.
They said they weren't thirsty.
They said they weren't so sure.
They said they weren't shocked.
They said they weren't serious.
They said they weren't retired.
They said they weren't nervous.
They said they weren't married.
They said they weren't jealous.
They said they weren't injured.
They said they weren't in pain.
They said they weren't healthy.
They said they weren't at home.
They said they weren't annoyed.
They said they weren't adopted.
They said they were very lucky.
They said they were very broke.
They said they were very bored.
They said they were very angry.
They said they were really mad.
They said they were quite busy.
They said they were colorblind.
They said they want to do that.
They said they plan to do that.
They said they never said that.
They said they needed our help.
They said they need to do that.
They said they may not do that.
They said they loved chocolate.
They said they liked the party.
They said they liked the movie.
They said they like to do that.
They said they like doing that.
They said they know the rules.
They said they knew who did it.
They said they knew what to do.
They said they knew how to win.
They said they knew how I felt.
They said they kept doing that.
They said they aren't buying it.
They said they intended to win.
They said they have to do that.
They said they hated this book.
They said they had the day off.
They said they found something.
They said they felt vulnerable.
They said they felt very tired.
They said they felt very happy.
They said they felt threatened.
They said they felt persecuted.
They said they felt invincible.
They said they felt humiliated.
They said they felt frustrated.
They said they didn't know you.
They said they didn't know why.
They said they didn't feel hot.
They said they didn't eat pork.
They said they didn't eat meat.
They said they did that for us.
They said they cried every day.
They said they cried all night.
They said they couldn't recall.
They said they could swim well.
They said they could handle it.
They said that they're unlucky.
They said that they're unhappy.
They said that they're thirsty.
They said that they're starved.
They said that they're retired.
They said that they're puzzled.
They said that they're pleased.
They said that they're nervous.
They said that they're jealous.
They said that they're healthy.
They said that they're furious.
They said that they're excited.
They said that they're curious.
They said that they're annoyed.
They said that they'll help us.
They said that they'll do that.
They said that they'd kill you.
They said that they'd complain.
They said that they'd call you.
They said that they'd been ill.
They said that they'd be there.
They said that they'd be early.
They said that they would wait.
They said that they would help.
They said that they would come.
They said that they were wrong.
They said that they were upset.
They said that they were tired.
They said that they were sorry.
They said that they were ready.
They said that they were naked.
They said that they were lucky.
They said that they were dying.
They said that they were drunk.
They said that they were broke.
They said that they were bored.
They said that they were angry.
They said that they were alone.
They said that they want to go.
They said that they understood.
They said that they plan to go.
They said that they liked snow.
They said that they liked rain.
They said that they like pizza.
They said that they aren't sure.
They said that they aren't sick.
They said that they aren't busy.
They said that they have to go.
They said that they had alibis.
They said that they felt woozy.
They said that they felt tired.
They said that they felt lucky.
They said that they felt hated.
They said that they felt happy.
They said that they felt great.
They said that they felt dizzy.
They said that they felt alone.
They said that they enjoyed it.
They said that they didn't win.
They said that they didn't cry.
They said they're very hungry.
They said they're unimpressed.
They said they're unconvinced.
They said they're sympathetic.
They said they're ready to go.
They said they're pessimistic.
They said they're not worried.
They said they're not thirsty.
They said they're heartbroken.
They said they're embarrassed.
They said they're discouraged.
They said they'd wait and see.
They said they'd probably win.
They said they'd pay the bill.
They said they'd love to help.
They said they'd look into it.
They said they'd like to help.
They said they'd go to church.
They said they'd do that, too.
They said they'd do that soon.
They said they'd call me back.
They said they'd been foolish.
They said they'd been careful.
They said they'd be back soon.
They said they'd also do that.
They said they wouldn't do it.
They said they wouldn't dance.
They said they weren't thirty.
They said they weren't strong.
They said they weren't sleepy.
They said they weren't single.
They said they weren't scared.
They said they weren't lonely.
They said they weren't hungry.
They said they weren't guilty.
They said they weren't coming.
They said they weren't bitter.
They said they weren't amused.
They said they weren't afraid.
They said they were very sick.
They said they were very rich.
They said they were very poor.
They said they were very cold.
They said they were unmarried.
They said they were terrified.
They said they were surprised.
They said they were mortified.
They said they were miserable.
They said they were irritated.
They said they were intrigued.
They said they were impressed.
They said they want to retire.
They said they studied French.
They said they should do that.
They said they never did that.
They said they needed my help.
They said they loved baseball.
They said they lost their key.
They said they liked the idea.
They said they like good wine.
They said they knew the rules.
They said they heard gunshots.
They said they hadn't done it.
They said they had to do that.
They said they had no regrets.
They said they felt wonderful.
They said they felt reassured.
They said they felt powerless.
They said they felt neglected.
They said they felt fantastic.
They said they felt desperate.
They said they didn't do that.
They said they did that wrong.
They said they couldn't do it.
They said that they're unhurt.
They said that they're sleepy.
They said that they're scared.
They said that they're lonely.
They said that they're hungry.
They said that they're afraid.
They said that they'd help us.
They said that they'd help me.
They said that they'd do that.
They said that they'd call me.
They said that they'd be late.
They said that they'd be here.
They said that they'd be back.
They said that they would try.
They said that they won't win.
They said that they won't cry.
They said that they were well.
They said that they were sick.
They said that they were safe.
They said that they were rich.
They said that they were poor.
They said that they were next.
They said that they were hurt.
They said that they were full.
They said that they were free.
They said that they were fine.
They said that they were done.
They said that they were cold.
They said that they were busy.
They said that they should go.
They said that they might win.
They said that they might die.
They said that they might cry.
They said that they aren't mad.
They said that they had to go.
They said that they felt weak.
They said that they felt sick.
They said that they felt safe.
They said that they felt hurt.
They said that they felt good.
They said that they felt fine.
They said that they felt cold.
They said that they disagreed.
They said they're very tired.
They said they're very happy.
They said they're unemployed.
They said they're suspicious.
They said they're supportive.
They said they're optimistic.
They said they're not sleepy.
They said they're not hungry.
They said they're interested.
They said they're frustrated.
They said they're frightened.
They said they're displeased.
They said they'll try to win.
They said they'll leave soon.
They said they'd wait for us.
They said they'd sort it out.
They said they'd like to win.
They said they'd do it later.
They said they'd been hungry.
They said they wouldn't wait.
They said they would help me.
They said they would do that.
They said they would be here.
They said they won't do that.
They said they weren't wrong.
They said they weren't upset.
They said they weren't tired.
They said they weren't sorry.
They said they weren't ready.
They said they weren't lucky.
They said they weren't happy.
They said they weren't drunk.
They said they weren't broke.
They said they weren't bored.
They said they weren't angry.
They said they weren't alone.
They said they were very sad.
They said they were very mad.
They said they were troubled.
They said they were thrilled.
They said they were so sorry.
They said they were relieved.
They said they were offended.
They said they were homeless.
They said they were famished.
They said they were divorced.
They said they were Canadian.
They said they planned to go.
They said they plan on going.
They said they might not win.
They said they might do that.
They said they loved me, too.
They said they loved animals.
They said they liked my idea.
They said they liked my hair.
They said they like the idea.
They said they like swimming.
They said they aren't worried.
They said they aren't thirsty.
They said they intend to win.
They said they hurt all over.
They said they felt the same.
They said they felt terrific.
They said they felt terrible.
They said they felt repulsed.
They said they felt relieved.
They said they felt rejected.
They said they felt offended.
They said they felt nauseous.
They said they felt left out.
They said they felt homesick.
They said they felt helpless.
They said they felt excluded.
They said they felt confused.
They said they felt betrayed.
They said they didn't get it.
They said they did just that.
They said they couldn't walk.
They said they couldn't wait.
They said they couldn't swim.
They said they could take it.
They said they could help us.
They said they could do that.
They said they can't do that.
They said they can handle it.
They said they believed that.
They said that they're upset.
They said that they're tired.
They said that they're sorry.
They said that they're ready.
They said that they're drunk.
They said that they're broke.
They said that they're bored.
They said that they're angry.
They said that they're alone.
They said that they'll laugh.
They said that they'd be out.
They said that they were sad.
They said that they were mad.
They said that they told you.
They said that they may wait.
They said that they loved me.
They said that they liked me.
They said that they liked it.
They said that they knew you.
They said that they hated me.
They said that they felt hot.
They said that they felt bad.
They said that they did that.
They said they're very busy.
They said they're skeptical.
They said they're not tired.
They said they're not happy.
They said they're not alone.
They said they're no expert.
They said they're irritated.
They said they're desperate.
They said they're depressed.
They said they're concerned.
They said they'd try to win.
They said they'd look at it.
They said they'd likely win.
They said they'd been wrong.
They said they'd be on time.
They said they wouldn't win.
They said they wouldn't cry.
They said they would buy it.
They said they would appeal.
They said they weren't sure.
They said they weren't sick.
They said they weren't rich.
They said they weren't poor.
They said they weren't hurt.
They said they weren't full.
They said they weren't free.
They said they weren't done.
They said they weren't cold.
They said they weren't busy.
They said they were stunned.
They said they were shocked.
They said they were serious.
They said they were psychic.
They said they were psyched.
They said they were dubious.
They said they were baffled.
They said they were artists.
They said they tried to win.
They said they spoke French.
They said they needed money.
They said they liked skiing.
They said they like to swim.
They said they knew who won.
They said they aren't sleepy.
They said they aren't hungry.
They said they had to split.
They said they had to leave.
They said they had no vices.
They said they had no money.
They said they felt wronged.
They said they felt trapped.
They said they felt snubbed.
They said they felt seasick.
They said they felt nothing.
They said they felt nervous.
They said they felt foolish.
They said they felt cheated.
They said they felt awkward.
They said they felt at home.
They said they felt amazing.
They said they didn't smoke.
They said they didn't do it.
They said they didn't agree.
They said they did it wrong.
They said they could fix it.
They said they ate too much.
They said that they've done.
They said that they're well.
They said that they're weak.
They said that they're sick.
They said that they're safe.
They said that they're fine.
They said that they're cold.
They said that they're busy.
They said that they'll wait.
They said that they'll sing.
They said that they'd leave.
They said that they were OK.
They said they're unbiased.
They said they're unafraid.
They said they're ticklish.
They said they're prepared.
They said they're not busy.
They said they're innocent.
They said they're grateful.
They said they're confused.
They said they're Canadian.
They said they'll be there.
They said they'd try again.
They said they'd failed us.
They said they'd eat fruit.
They said they'd been busy.
They said they would do it.
They said they weren't sad.
They said they weren't mad.
They said they were thirty.
They said they were strong.
They said they want to win.
They said they want to die.
They said they walked home.
They said they saw nothing.
They said they may not win.
They said they may do that.
They said they aren't upset.
They said they aren't tired.
They said they aren't happy.
They said they aren't angry.
They said they had to work.
They said they freaked out.
They said they felt uneasy.
They said they felt strong.
They said they felt scared.
They said they felt lonely.
They said they felt hungry.
They said they felt guilty.
They said they felt better.
They said they didn't swim.
They said they didn't mind.
They said they didn't know.
They said they didn't care.
They said they could do it.
They said that they're shy.
They said that they're mad.
They said that they'll win.
They said that they'd wait.
They said that they'd help.
They said that they'd come.
They said that they snored.
They said that they agreed.
They said they're unlucky.
They said they're unhappy.
They said they're starved.
They said they're retired.
They said they're puzzled.
They said they're pleased.
They said they're nervous.
They said they're jealous.
They said they're healthy.
They said they're furious.
They said they're excited.
They said they're curious.
They said they're annoyed.
They said they'll help us.
They said they'll do that.
They said they'd kill you.
They said they'd complain.
They said they'd call you.
They said they'd been ill.
They said they'd be there.
They said they'd be early.
They said they would wait.
They said they would help.
They said they would come.
They said they were tired.
They said they were sorry.
They said they were naked.
They said they want to go.
They said they understood.
They said they plan to go.
They said they liked snow.
They said they liked rain.
They said they like pizza.
They said they aren't sure.
They said they aren't sick.
They said they aren't busy.
They said they have to go.
They said they had alibis.
They said they felt woozy.
They said they felt tired.
They said they felt lucky.
They said they felt hated.
They said they felt happy.
They said they felt great.
They said they felt dizzy.
They said they felt alone.
They said they enjoyed it.
They said they didn't win.
They said they didn't cry.
They said that they'd win.
They said that they'd try.
They said that they cried.
They said they're unhurt.
They said they're sleepy.
They said they're scared.
They said they're lonely.
They said they're afraid.
They said they'd help us.
They said they'd help me.
They said they'd do that.
They said they'd call me.
They said they'd be late.
They said they'd be here.
They said they'd be back.
They said they would try.
They said they won't win.
They said they won't cry.
They said they were rich.
They said they were poor.
They said they were next.
They said they were hurt.
They said they were full.
They said they were free.
They said they were busy.
They said they should go.
They said they might win.
They said they might die.
They said they might cry.
They said they aren't mad.
They said they had to go.
They said they felt weak.
They said they felt sick.
They said they felt safe.
They said they felt hurt.
They said they felt good.
They said they felt fine.
They said they felt cold.
They said they disagreed.
They said they're upset.
They said they're sorry.
They said they're ready.
They said they're drunk.
They said they're broke.
They said they're bored.
They said they're angry.
They said they're alone.
They said they'll laugh.
They said they'd be out.
They said they told you.
They said they may wait.
They said they loved me.
They said they liked me.
They said they liked it.
They said they knew you.
They said they hated me.
They said they felt hot.
They said they felt bad.
They said they did that.
They said that they won.
They said they've done.
They said they're well.
They said they're weak.
They said they're sick.
They said they're safe.
They said they're fine.
They said they're cold.
They said they'll wait.
They said they'll sing.
They said they'd leave.
They said they're shy.
They said they're mad.
They said they'll win.
They said they'd wait.
They said they'd help.
They said they'd come.
They said they snored.
They said they agreed.
They said they'd win.
They said they'd try.
They said they cried.
They said they won.
Tom and Mary told us they thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom and Mary told us they knew the risks.
Tom and Mary told us that they knew the risks.
Tom and Mary told us they had a headache.
Tom and Mary told us that they had a headache.
Tom and Mary told us they could speak French.
Tom and Mary told us that they could speak French.
Tom and Mary told the waiter they wanted sit by the window.
Tom and Mary told the team they want to quit.
Tom and Mary told the team that they want to quit.
Tom and Mary told the doctor they felt no pain.
Tom and Mary told the doctor that they felt no pain.
Tom and Mary told me today they loved me.
Tom and Mary told me today that they loved me.
Tom and Mary told me some things that they probably shouldn't have.
Tom and Mary told everyone they passed the exam.
Tom and Mary told everybody at work they were going to retire.
They told us they thought doing that would be dangerous.
They told us that they thought doing that would be dangerous.
They told us they knew the risks.
They told us that they knew the risks.
They told us they had a headache.
They told us that they had a headache.
They told us they could speak French.
They told us that they could speak French.
They told the waiter they wanted sit by the window.
They told the waiter that they wanted sit by the window.
They told the team they wanted to quit.
They told the team that they wanted to quit.
They told the doctor they felt no pain.
They told the doctor that they felt no pain.
They told me today they loved me.
They told me today that they loved me.
They told me some things they probably shouldn't have.
They told me some things that they probably shouldn't have.
They told everyone they were adopted.
They told everyone that they were adopted.
They told everyone they passed the exam.
They told everyone that they passed the exam.
They told everybody at work they were going to retire.
They told everybody at work that they were going to retire.
They told everyone at work that they were going to retire.
They told everyone at work they were going to retire.
Other times, other customs.
Tom and Mary aren't who they say they are, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't much older than me, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't being very helpful, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't allowed to do that, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't afraid of anything, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very enthusiastic, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't likely to do that, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't in their bedrooms, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't as old as you are, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't afraid of heights, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't yet able to swim, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very trustworthy, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very spontaneous, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very resourceful, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very imaginative, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't still doing that, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't staying with you, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't happy to be here, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't happy about this, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't from around here, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very diplomatic, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very courageous, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't so conservative, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't really that old, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't like the others, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't happy with this, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't being very nice, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very organized, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very efficient, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't still sleeping, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't home right now, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't happy about it, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very talented, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very sociable, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very reliable, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very obedient, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't to be trusted, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't still at work, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't so successful, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't so dependable, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't likely to win, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't likely to cry, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't going to help, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't concentrating, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't as old as you, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't all that tall, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't all that rich, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't all that poor, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very likable, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't still hungry, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't still asleep, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't contributing, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't afraid of me, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't able to swim, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very strong, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very polite, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very hungry, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very bright, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't often wrong, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't good enough, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't fast enough, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't coming back, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't celebrating, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't always busy, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very smart, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very happy, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very funny, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't old enough, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't interested, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very tall, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't very busy, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't too young, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't so bright, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't religious, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't the ones, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't here now, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't fighting, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't so tall, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't so sure, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't so kind, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't serious, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't leaving, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't so old, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't famous, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't crying, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't coming, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't afraid, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't there, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't happy, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't dead, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't busy, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't in, are they?
Do you like this leather jacket?
They aren't who they say they are, are they?
They aren't much older than me, are they?
They aren't being very helpful, are they?
They aren't allowed to do that, are they?
They aren't afraid of anything, are they?
They aren't very enthusiastic, are they?
They aren't likely to do that, are they?
They aren't in their bedrooms, are they?
They aren't as old as you are, are they?
They aren't afraid of heights, are they?
They aren't yet able to swim, are they?
They aren't very trustworthy, are they?
They aren't very spontaneous, are they?
They aren't very resourceful, are they?
They aren't very imaginative, are they?
They aren't still doing that, are they?
They aren't staying with you, are they?
They aren't happy to be here, are they?
They aren't happy about this, are they?
They aren't going to make it, are they?
They aren't going to do that, are they?
They aren't from around here, are they?
They aren't doing that again, are they?
They aren't very diplomatic, are they?
They aren't very courageous, are they?
They aren't so conservative, are they?
They aren't really that old, are they?
They aren't like the others, are they?
They aren't happy with this, are they?
They aren't being very nice, are they?
They aren't very organized, are they?
They aren't very efficient, are they?
They aren't still sleeping, are they?
They aren't home right now, are they?
They aren't happy about it, are they?
They aren't going with you, are they?
They aren't doing anything, are they?
They aren't disturbing you, are they?
They aren't very talented, are they?
They aren't very sociable, are they?
They aren't very reliable, are they?
They aren't very obedient, are they?
They aren't to be trusted, are they?
They aren't still at work, are they?
They aren't so successful, are they?
They aren't so dependable, are they?
They aren't likely to win, are they?
They aren't likely to cry, are they?
They aren't going to lose, are they?
They aren't going to help, are they?
They aren't concentrating, are they?
They aren't as old as you, are they?
They aren't all that tall, are they?
They aren't all that rich, are they?
They aren't all that poor, are they?
They aren't very likable, are they?
They aren't still hungry, are they?
They aren't still asleep, are they?
They aren't contributing, are they?
They aren't afraid of me, are they?
They aren't able to swim, are they?
They aren't very strong, are they?
They aren't very polite, are they?
They aren't very hungry, are they?
They aren't very bright, are they?
They aren't often wrong, are they?
They aren't good enough, are they?
They aren't fast enough, are they?
They aren't coming back, are they?
They aren't celebrating, are they?
They aren't always busy, are they?
They aren't very smart, are they?
They aren't very happy, are they?
They aren't very funny, are they?
They aren't old enough, are they?
They aren't interested, are they?
They aren't very tall, are they?
They aren't very busy, are they?
They aren't too young, are they?
They aren't so bright, are they?
They aren't religious, are they?
They aren't the ones, are they?
They aren't here now, are they?
They aren't fighting, are they?
They aren't so tall, are they?
They aren't so sure, are they?
They aren't so kind, are they?
They aren't serious, are they?
They aren't leaving, are they?
They aren't so old, are they?
They aren't famous, are they?
They aren't crying, are they?
They aren't coming, are they?
They aren't afraid, are they?
They aren't there, are they?
They aren't happy, are they?
They aren't dead, are they?
They aren't busy, are they?
They aren't in, are they?
Tom and Mary are bad.
Tom and Mary are new.
Tom and Mary are old.
Tom and Mary are cops.
Tom and Mary are cute.
Tom and Mary are fast.
Tom and Mary are fine.
Tom and Mary are free.
Tom and Mary are good.
Tom and Mary are kids.
Tom and Mary are ugly.
Tom and Mary are weak.
Tom and Mary are there.
Tom and Mary are tough.
Tom and Mary are babies.
Tom and Mary are guests.
Tom and Mary are strong.
Tom and Mary are in there.
Tom and Mary are kidding.
Tom and Mary are reading.
Tom and Mary are special.
Tom and Mary are at work.
Tom and Mary are still children.
Tom and Mary aren't dead.
Tom and Mary are traitors.
Tom and Mary were unharmed.
Tom and Mary are well off.
Tom and Mary are in class.
Tom and Mary are just lazy.
Tom and Mary have never heard of me, have they?
They've never heard of me, have they?
They still haven't done that, have they?
They haven't eaten yet, have they?
They haven't done that yet, have they?
They haven't done that again, have they?
They haven't come home yet, have they?
Tom and Mary say that they're getting a divorce.
They say they're getting a divorce.
They say that they're getting a divorce.
Tom and Mary have denied they did that.
Tom and Mary have denied they cheated.
Tom and Mary have denied that they cheated.
Tom and Mary have decided they'll do that.
Tom and Mary have decided they've had enough.
Tom and Mary have decided that they've had enough.
They've denied they did that.
They've denied that they did that.
They've denied they cheated.
They've denied that they cheated.
They've decided they'll do that.
They've decided that they'll do that.
They've decided they've had enough.
They've decided that they've had enough.
Tom and Mary have already told you, haven't they?
Tom and Mary have lost their passports.
Tom and Mary have lost their hearing.
They've done this before, haven't they?
They've done that, haven't they?
They've done that again, haven't they?
They've already told you, haven't they?
They've finished eating, haven't they?
They've been unlucky, haven't they?
They've been lying, haven't they?
They've been busy, haven't they?
They've lost their voices.
They've lost their passports.
They've lost their hearing.
They've done what we told them to do.
They've done what they promised to do.
They've done what they had to do.
They've done what they can.
They've done the best they can.
They've done the best they can do.
They've done everything they can.
They've done everything they can do.
They've done all they can.
Tom and Mary will be sorry that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary will be happy that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary will be glad that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary will get hurt if they're not careful.
Tom and Mary will get hurt if they aren't careful.
Tom and Mary will get all the help that they need.
Tom and Mary will start their new jobs on Monday.
Tom and Mary will probably forget their promises.
Tom and Mary will do that when their turns comes.
Tom and Mary will probably regret what they did.
Tom and Mary will never pay me what they owe me.
Tom and Mary will be furious when they find out.
Tom and Mary will probably change their minds.
Tom and Mary will pay for what they did to us.
Tom and Mary will help you if you ask them to.
Tom and Mary will have their houses repainted.
Tom and Mary will be sorry that they did that.
Tom and Mary will be late if they don't hurry.
Tom and Mary will be here as soon as they can.
Tom and Mary will be happy that they did that.
Tom and Mary will have their house repainted.
Tom and Mary will do what we tell them to do.
Tom and Mary will be upset if they don't win.
Tom and Mary will be really busy, won't they?
Tom and Mary will be glad that they did that.
Tom and Mary will be back on their feet soon.
Tom and Mary will likely change their minds.
Tom and Mary will get mad if they don't win.
Tom and Mary will do what they've got to do.
Tom and Mary will come after us, won't they?
Tom and Mary will never change their minds.
Tom and Mary will laugh when they see this.
Tom and Mary will change their minds again.
Tom and Mary will be surprised, won't they?
Tom and Mary will do what they have to do.
Tom and Mary will do it when they come in.
Tom and Mary will come when they're ready.
Tom and Mary will pay for what they did.
Tom and Mary will get their revenge.
Tom and Mary will win, won't they?
They'll be sorry that they didn't do that.
They'll be happy that they didn't do that.
They'll be glad that they didn't do that.
They'll probably be safe where they are.
They'll get hurt if they're not careful.
They'll get hurt if they aren't careful.
They'll get all the help that they need.
They'll start their new jobs on Monday.
They'll probably forget their promises.
They'll never admit that they're wrong.
They'll do that when their turns comes.
They'll probably regret what they did.
They'll never pay me what they owe me.
They'll give me that if I ask them to.
They'll do that when their turn comes.
They'll come back. I'm sure they will.
They'll be starved when they get home.
They'll be punished for what they did.
They'll be furious when they find out.
They'll be buying their tickets today.
They'll wait as long as they have to.
They'll only do that if they have to.
They'll help you do that, won't they?
They'll eat as soon as they get home.
They'll do what they can to help you.
They'll do that only if they have to.
They'll be sorry they didn't do that.
They'll be happy they didn't do that.
They'll probably change their minds.
They'll pay for what they did to us.
They'll help you if you ask them to.
They'll have their houses repainted.
They'll do that when they have time.
They'll do that as soon as they can.
They'll be very sorry they did that.
They'll be very happy they did that.
They'll be tired when they get home.
They'll be sorry that they did that.
They'll be late if they don't hurry.
They'll be here as soon as they can.
They'll be happy that they did that.
They'll be glad they didn't do that.
They'll have their house repainted.
They'll get all the help they need.
They'll do what we tell them to do.
They'll do that if you pay them to.
They'll be very glad they did that.
They'll be upset if they don't win.
They'll be really busy, won't they?
They'll be glad that they did that.
They'll be back on their feet soon.
They'll likely change their minds.
They'll get mad if they don't win.
They'll get fired if they do that.
They'll get dirty if they do that.
They'll do what they've got to do.
They'll do that when they come in.
They'll come after us, won't they?
They'll say what they always say.
They'll never change their minds.
They'll laugh when they see this.
They'll change their minds again.
They'll be surprised, won't they?
They'll be all right, won't they?
They'll wait for us, won't they?
They'll do what they have to do.
They'll do that if they have to.
They'll do it when they come in.
They'll come when they're ready.
They'll come if you ask them to.
They'll eat when they get home.
They'll do everything they can.
They'll be sorry they did that.
They'll be happy they did that.
They'll pay for what they did.
They'll be glad they did that.
They'll be there, won't they?
They'll help us, won't they?
They'll do that, won't they?
They'll do that if they can.
They'll die if they do that.
They'll be fine, won't they?
They'll get their revenge.
They'll be OK, won't they?
They'll win, won't they?
Tom didn't pay attention.
I'm immature.
Tom and Mary would help you if you asked them.
Tom and Mary would do that if they knew how to.
Tom and Mary would stay if they could.
Tom and Mary would know, wouldn't they?
Tom and Mary would kill me if they knew I told you.
Tom and Mary would do whatever you ask them to do.
Tom and Mary would do that if they had time.
Tom and Mary would do that if they had time to.
Tom and Mary would do anything you ask them to do.
Tom and Mary would be furious if they knew.
They'd help you if you asked them.
They'd help you if you asked them to.
They'd do that if they knew how.
They'd do that if they knew how to.
They'd stay if they could.
They'd like to do that, but they can't.
They'd lend you money if they had any.
They'd know, wouldn't they?
They'd kill me if they knew I told you.
They'd help us, wouldn't they?
They'd help us if they could.
They'd get in trouble if they did that.
They'd do whatever you ask them to do.
They'd do that whenever they could.
They'd do that if you asked them to.
They'd do that if they had time.
They'd do that if they had time to.
They'd do that if they had more time.
They'd do that if they could.
They'd do that again if they had to.
They'd do anything you ask them to do.
They'd cry if they saw you doing that.
They'd be punished if they did that.
They'd be furious if they knew.
They'd be forgiven if they did that.
They'd be fired if they didn't do that.
They'd be fired if they did that.
They'd be fined if they did that.
They'd be arrested if they did that.
Tom and Mary zipped up their leather jackets.
Tom and Mary wrote something in their notebooks.
Tom and Mary wrote down their phones numbers.
Tom and Mary wrote about their ideas.
Tom and Mary wrote about their experiences.
Tom and Mary wrote about that in their journals.
Tom and Mary write with their left hands.
Tom and Mary wracked their brains.
Tom and Mary wouldn't pay their bills.
Tom and Mary wouldn't hit anyone, would they?
Tom and Mary wouldn't admit their mistakes.
Tom and Mary would've kept their mouths shut.
Tom and Mary would never dye their hair.
Tom and Mary worked until they dropped.
Tom and Mary worked their way through college.
Tom and Mary worked hard writing their speeches.
Tom and Mary work out of their homes.
Tom and Mary wondered what they could do.
Tom and Mary wondered if they'd be safe here.
Tom and Mary wondered if they should do that.
Tom and Mary wondered if they had to do that.
They zipped up their leather jackets.
They zipped up their bags.
They yelled as loud as they could.
They wrote something in their notebooks.
They wrote down their phones numbers.
They wrote about their ideas.
They wrote about their experiences.
They wrote about that in their journals.
They write with their left hands.
They wracked their brains.
They wouldn't tell me where they went.
They wouldn't tell me where they lived.
They wouldn't pay their bills.
They wouldn't hit anyone, would they?
They wouldn't eat that, would they?
They wouldn't do that, would they?
They wouldn't change their minds.
They wouldn't admit their mistakes.
They would've told us if they'd known.
They would've stayed if they could've.
They would've kept their mouths shut.
They would've gone if they could've.
They would never dye their hair.
They worked until they dropped.
They worked their way through college.
They worked hard writing their speeches.
They work out of their homes.
They work harder than they used to.
They wondered why they'd been invited.
They wondered what they should say.
They wondered what they should do.
They wondered what they should do next.
They wondered what they could do.
They wondered if they'd been lied to.
They wondered if they'd be safe here.
They wondered if they should do that.
They wondered if they had to do that.
Tom and Mary wished that they could dance the tango.
Tom and Mary wished that they'd been more careful.
Tom and Mary wished that they had something to do.
Tom and Mary wished that they had more free time.
Tom and Mary weren't wearing their wedding rings.
Tom and Mary weren't wearing their uniforms then.
Tom and Mary won't likely change their opinions.
Tom and Mary won't let anyone into their houses.
Tom and Mary wished that they were still single.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell anybody, would they?
Tom and Mary won't let anyone into their house.
Tom and Mary wished they could dance the tango.
Tom and Mary wished that they'd studied harder.
Tom and Mary wished that they hadn't said that.
Tom and Mary wished that they hadn't done that.
Tom and Mary wished that they had more friends.
Tom and Mary wish that they could speak French.
Tom and Mary wet their lips with their tongues.
Tom and Mary weren't where they should've been.
Tom and Mary weren't very talkative, were they?
Tom and Mary weren't very assertive, were they?
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell anyone, would they?
Tom and Mary won't allow dogs in their houses.
Tom and Mary weren't wearing their seat belts.
Tom and Mary won't allow dogs in their house.
Tom and Mary wished that they had more money.
Tom and Mary wish that they'd done that, too.
Tom and Mary wish that they hadn't done that.
Tom and Mary wiped their feet on the doormat.
Tom and Mary weren't wearing their new coats.
Tom and Mary wished that they hadn't looked.
Tom and Mary weren't wearing their uniforms.
Tom and Mary won't let you in their houses.
Tom and Mary won't let me hug them anymore.
Tom and Mary won't do that here, will they?
Tom and Mary wished they were still single.
Tom and Mary won't let you in their house.
Tom and Mary won't do that now, will they?
Tom and Mary wished they'd studied harder.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't said that.
Tom and Mary wished that they were taller.
Tom and Mary won't change their opinions.
Tom and Mary wished that they hadn't won.
Tom and Mary wiped their feet on the mat.
Tom and Mary wished that they were dead.
Tom and Mary wished that they could fly.
Tom and Mary wish that they'd done that.
Tom and Mary weren't wearing their hats.
Tom and Mary wish that they hadn't won.
Tom and Mary wish that they could fly.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't won.
Tom and Mary wiped away their tears.
Tom and Mary won't help, will they?
Tom and Mary wished they were dead.
Tom and Mary wished they could fly.
Tom and Mary wish they hadn't won.
Tom and Mary wish that they'd won.
Tom and Mary wish they could fly.
Tom and Mary wish they'd won.
They wished that they could dance the tango.
They wished that they'd been more careful.
They wished that they had something to do.
They wished that they had more free time.
They weren't wearing their wedding rings.
They weren't wearing their uniforms then.
They won't likely change their opinions.
They won't let anyone into their houses.
They wished that they were still single.
They weren't told they couldn't do that.
They wouldn't tell anybody, would they?
They won't tell me when they were born.
They won't let anyone into their house.
They won't do what they say they'll do.
They wished they could dance the tango.
They wished that they'd studied harder.
They wished that they hadn't said that.
They wished that they hadn't done that.
They wished that they had more friends.
They wish that they could speak French.
They wet their lips with their tongues.
They weren't where they should've been.
They weren't very talkative, were they?
They weren't very assertive, were they?
They wouldn't tell anyone, would they?
They won't go even if they're invited.
They won't allow dogs in their houses.
They won't admit that they were wrong.
They weren't wearing their seat belts.
They weren't told they should do that.
They weren't sure what they should do.
They won't really do that, will they?
They won't allow dogs in their house.
They wished they'd been more careful.
They wished they had something to do.
They wished that they had more money.
They wish that they'd done that, too.
They wish that they hadn't done that.
They wiped their feet on the doormat.
They weren't wearing their new coats.
They won't do that today, will they?
They won't do that again, will they?
They won't admit that they're wrong.
They wished they had more free time.
They wished that they hadn't looked.
They weren't wearing their uniforms.
They won't tell us where they live.
They won't tell anybody, will they?
They won't let you in their houses.
They won't let me hug them anymore.
They won't do that here, will they?
They wished they were still single.
They won't tell us what they know.
They won't tell anyone, will they?
They won't let you in their house.
They won't do that now, will they?
They wished they'd studied harder.
They wished they hadn't said that.
They wished they hadn't done that.
They wished they had more friends.
They wished that they were taller.
They wish they could speak French.
They won't change their opinions.
They wished that they hadn't won.
They wiped their feet on the mat.
They wished they had more money.
They wished that they were dead.
They wished that they could fly.
They wish they'd done that, too.
They wish they hadn't done that.
They wish that they'd done that.
They weren't wearing their hats.
They won't be there, will they?
They wished they hadn't looked.
They wish that they hadn't won.
They won't change their minds.
They won't be late, will they?
They wish that they could fly.
They weren't there, were they?
They wished they were taller.
They whistled as they worked.
They wished they hadn't won.
They wiped away their tears.
They won't help, will they?
They wished they were dead.
They wished they could fly.
They wish they'd done that.
They wiped their foreheads.
They wish they hadn't won.
They wish that they'd won.
They won't go, will they?
They wish they could fly.
They wish they'd won.
They won't admit they're wrong.
They won't admit they were wrong.
Tom and Mary won't admit they're wrong.
Tom and Mary won't admit they were wrong.
Tom and Mary weren't sure they could win.
Tom and Mary weren't sure that they should do that.
Tom and Mary weren't sure that they liked the plan.
Tom and Mary weren't sure that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't sure that they could win.
Tom and Mary weren't sure that they could do that.
Tom and Mary weren't in their bedrooms.
Tom and Mary weren't home yesterday, were they?
Tom and Mary weren't fighting, were they?
Tom and Mary were your teachers, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were your friends, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were wrong, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were worried they'd get lost.
Tom and Mary were worried that they'd get lost.
Tom and Mary were wearing their new hats
Tom and Mary were very unhappy, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very talkative, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very sure they had to do that.
Tom and Mary were very sure that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary were very stubborn, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very sarcastic, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very rude, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very reckless, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very persuasive, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very patient, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very late, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very friendly, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very convincing, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very angry, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were very aggressive, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were unsure what they should do.
Tom and Mary were unlucky, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were unfriendly, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were unable to hide their tears.
Tom and Mary were unable to hide their reactions.
Tom and Mary were unable to control their anger.
Tom and Mary were unable to conceal their anger.
Tom and Mary were trying to control their anger.
They weren't sure they should do that.
They weren't sure they liked the plan.
They weren't sure they had to do that.
They weren't sure they could win.
They weren't sure they could do that.
They weren't sure that they should do that.
They weren't sure that they liked the plan.
They weren't sure that they had to do that.
They weren't sure that they could win.
They weren't sure that they could do that.
They weren't sure how they could help.
They weren't still asleep, were they?
They weren't sleeping, were they?
They weren't serious, were they?
They weren't punished for what they did.
They weren't in their bedrooms.
They weren't impressed by what they saw.
They weren't home yesterday, were they?
They weren't here earlier, were they?
They weren't happy with what they saw.
They weren't fighting, were they?
They weren't busy, were they?
They weren't at home, were they?
They were your teachers, weren't they?
They were your friends, weren't they?
They were wrong, weren't they?
They were wrong and I told them so.
They were worried they'd get lost.
They were worried that they'd get lost.
They were where they said they'd be.
They were wearing their new hats
They were very unhappy, weren't they?
They were very talkative, weren't they?
They were very sure they had to do that.
They were very sure that they had to do that.
They were very stubborn, weren't they?
They were very sarcastic, weren't they?
They were very rude, weren't they?
They were very reckless, weren't they?
They were very persuasive, weren't they?
They were very patient, weren't they?
They were very late, weren't they?
They were very friendly, weren't they?
They were very dirty when they got home.
They were very convincing, weren't they?
They were very angry, weren't they?
They were very aggressive, weren't they?
They were unsure what they should do.
They were unlucky, weren't they?
They were unfriendly, weren't they?
They were unable to hide their tears.
They were unable to hide their reactions.
They were unable to control their anger.
They were unable to conceal their anger.
They were trying to control their anger.
Tom and Mary were told they were too short.
Tom and Mary were told that they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary were told that they should do that.
Tom and Mary were told they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary were told that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary were told they had to do that.
Tom and Mary were told that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary were told they couldn't win.
Tom and Mary were told that they couldn't win.
Tom and Mary were told that they couldn't do that.
They were told they were too short.
They were told that they were too short.
They were told they shouldn't do that.
They were told that they shouldn't do that.
They were told they should do that.
They were told that they should do that.
They were told they needed to do that.
They were told that they needed to do that.
They were told they had to do that.
They were told that they had to do that.
They were told they couldn't win.
They were told that they couldn't win.
They were told they couldn't do that.
They were told that they couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary were thrown from their horses.
Tom and Mary were thoughtless, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were surprised, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were sure they could win.
Tom and Mary were sure that they could win.
Tom and Mary were sure that they could do that again.
Tom and Mary were stunned by what they saw.
Tom and Mary were stunned by what they heard.
Tom and Mary were sipping their margaritas.
Tom and Mary were shown to their seats.
Tom and Mary were serious, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were scared out of their wits.
Tom and Mary were rude, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were riding their bikes
Tom and Mary were reluctant, but they agreed.
Tom and Mary were both orphaned when they were three.
Tom and Mary were murdered in their beds.
Tom and Mary were mugged on their way home.
Tom and Mary were mistaken, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were looking for their locker keys.
Tom and Mary were late for their appointments.
Tom and Mary were late because they overslept.
Tom and Mary were just doing their duty.
Tom and Mary were invited, but they didn't come.
Tom and Mary were in time for their appointment.
Tom and Mary were in time for their appointments.
Tom and Mary were in their thirties.
Tom and Mary were in their bedrooms.
Tom and Mary were in their bedrooms, studying.
Tom and Mary were impressed with what they saw.
Tom and Mary were hoping they'd win.
Tom and Mary were hoping they could win.
Tom and Mary were here earlier, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were found dead in their beds.
Tom and Mary were forced to sell their farm.
Tom and Mary were forced to sell their farms.
Tom and Mary were early for their appointment.
Tom and Mary were early for their appointments.
Tom and Mary were doing what they loved.
Tom and Mary were disrespectful, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were disappointed, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were astonished by what they saw.
Tom and Mary were asleep when they were shot.
Tom and Mary were arrested at their home.
Tom and Mary were arrested at their homes.
Tom and Mary were amused by what they saw.
Tom and Mary were afraid, weren't they?
They were thrown from their horses.
They were thoughtless, weren't they?
They were there, weren't they?
They were surprised, weren't they?
They were sure they could win.
They were sure that they could win.
They were sure they could do that again.
They were sure that they could do that again.
They were stunned by what they saw.
They were stunned by what they heard.
They were so busy they skipped lunch.
They were sipping their margaritas.
They were sick, so they didn't come.
They were shown to their seats.
They were shocked by what they saw.
They were serious, weren't they?
They were scared out of their wits.
They were rude, weren't they?
They were right, weren't they?
They were riding their bikes
They were reluctant, but they agreed.
They were both orphaned when they were three.
They were murdered in their beds.
They were mugged on their way home.
They were mistaken, weren't they?
They were lucky they could do that.
They were looking for their locker keys.
They were late for their appointments.
They were late because they overslept.
They were just doing their duty.
They were invited, but they didn't come.
They were in time for their appointment.
They were in time for their appointments.
They were in their thirties.
They were in their bedrooms.
They were in their bedrooms, studying.
They were in their beds asleep.
They were impressed with what they saw.
They were impressed by what they saw.
They were hoping they'd win.
They were hoping they could win.
They were hoping they could do that.
They were here, weren't they?
They were here earlier, weren't they?
They were glad they got there early.
They were found dead in their beds.
They were forced to sell their farm.
They were forced to sell their farms.
They were early for their appointment.
They were early for their appointments.
They were doing what they loved.
They were disrespectful, weren't they?
They were disappointed, weren't they?
They were at the party, weren't they?
They were astonished by what they saw.
They were asleep when they were shot.
They were arrested at their home.
They were arrested at their homes.
They were amused by what they saw.
They were afraid, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were afraid that they were going to die.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they might get evicted.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they might be laid off.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they might be expelled.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they might be deported.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they might be evicted.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they might get fired.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they might be fired.
Tom and Mary were afraid they'd lost their keys.
Tom and Mary were afraid they were going to die.
Tom and Mary were afraid they might get evicted.
Tom and Mary were afraid they might be laid off.
Tom and Mary were afraid they might be expelled.
Tom and Mary were afraid they might be deported.
Tom and Mary were afraid they might be evicted.
Tom and Mary watched TV until they fell asleep.
Tom and Mary were afraid they might get fired.
Tom and Mary were afraid they might be fired.
Tom and Mary were able to extend their visas.
Tom and Mary went upstairs to their bedrooms.
Tom and Mary washed the dirt off their faces.
Tom and Mary went into their dressing rooms.
Tom and Mary went back to their hotel rooms.
Tom and Mary went back to their hotel room.
Tom and Mary went back to their hometowns.
Tom and Mary waved their hands and smiled.
Tom and Mary washed their faces and hands.
Tom and Mary went out to do their chores.
Tom and Mary went back to their hometown.
Tom and Mary went ahead with their plans.
Tom and Mary want you to help them today.
Tom and Mary went out on their bicycles.
Tom and Mary went back to their writing.
Tom and Mary went ahead with their plan.
Tom and Mary watched from their porches.
Tom and Mary went back to their hotels.
Tom and Mary wash their hair every day.
Tom and Mary went back to their farms.
Tom and Mary watched from their porch.
Tom and Mary went to get their stuff.
Tom and Mary went back to their farm.
Tom and Mary went to their bedrooms.
Tom and Mary waved their hands.
Tom and Mary washed their hair.
They were afraid that they were going to die.
They were afraid that they might get evicted.
They were afraid that they might be laid off.
They were afraid that they might be expelled.
They were afraid that they might be deported.
They were afraid that they might be evicted.
They were afraid that they might get fired.
They were afraid that they might be fired.
They were afraid they'd lost their keys.
They were afraid they were going to die.
They were afraid they might get evicted.
They were afraid they might be laid off.
They were afraid they might be expelled.
They were afraid they might be deported.
They went on doing what they were doing.
They were afraid they might be evicted.
They were able to buy what they needed.
They watched TV until they fell asleep.
They were afraid they might get fired.
They watched TV while they ate dinner.
They were afraid they might be fired.
They were able to extend their visas.
They went upstairs to their bedrooms.
They washed the dirt off their faces.
They went into their dressing rooms.
They went back to their hotel rooms.
They went back to their hotel room.
They went to college, didn't they?
They went back to their hometowns.
They waved their hands and smiled.
They washed their faces and hands.
They went out to do their chores.
They went back to their hometown.
They went back to their bedrooms.
They went ahead with their plans.
They were afraid they'd be late.
They went out on their bicycles.
They went back to their writing.
They went back to their bedroom.
They went ahead with their plan.
They watched from their porches.
They went back to their hotels.
They wash their hair every day.
They went into their bedrooms.
They went back to their seats.
They went back to their hotel.
They went back to their farms.
They went back to their dorms.
They watched from their porch.
They went to get their stuff.
They went back to their farm.
They went back to their dorm.
They went to their bedrooms.
They washed their faces.
They waved their hands.
They washed their hair.
They waved their arms.
Tom and Mary say that they don't think that they'll win.
Tom and Mary say that they don't think that they snore.
Tom and Mary aren't as old as you think that they are.
Tom and Mary think that they're stronger than I am.
Tom and Mary think that they're getting ripped off.
Tom and Mary think that they might have the answer.
Tom and Mary think that they have found the answer.
Tom and Mary say they don't think that they'll win.
Tom and Mary say that they don't think they'll win.
Tom and Mary don't think that they've ever met you.
Tom and Mary don't think that they have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't think that they should do that.
Tom and Mary didn't think that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary think that they're going to die soon.
Tom and Mary think that they know what's going on.
Tom and Mary think that they can probably do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think that they snore.
Tom and Mary say that they don't think they snore.
Tom and Mary didn't think that they would make it.
Tom and Mary didn't think that they could do that.
Tom and Mary want us to think that they're happy.
Tom and Mary think that they're stronger than me.
Tom and Mary think that they're found the answer.
Tom and Mary think that they're being reasonable.
Tom and Mary think that they'll get straight A's.
Tom and Mary think that they should study French.
Tom and Mary don't think that they could do that.
Tom and Mary think that they're smarter than me.
Tom and Mary think that they could probably win.
Tom and Mary think that they can save the world.
Tom and Mary aren't who you think that they are.
Tom and Mary think that they've figured it out.
Tom and Mary think that they're in big trouble.
Tom and Mary think that they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary think that they can do that again.
Tom and Mary don't think that they can do that.
Tom and Mary want us to think that they're OK.
Tom and Mary think they're getting ripped off.
Tom and Mary think they might have the answer.
Tom and Mary think they have found the answer.
Tom and Mary think that they're related to me.
Tom and Mary think that they understand women.
Tom and Mary think that they can probably win.
Tom and Mary don't think they've ever met you.
Tom and Mary don't think that they'll do that.
Tom and Mary think they know what's going on.
Tom and Mary think that they're good-looking.
Tom and Mary think that they're always right.
Tom and Mary think that they know what to do.
Tom and Mary think that they know the answer.
Tom and Mary think that they know everything.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they snore.
Tom and Mary didn't think they would make it.
Tom and Mary didn't think they could do that.
Tom and Mary think they're found the answer.
Tom and Mary think they're being reasonable.
Tom and Mary think they'll get straight A's.
Tom and Mary think they should study French.
Tom and Mary think that they should do that.
Tom and Mary think that they hear something.
Tom and Mary think they're smarter than me.
Tom and Mary think they could probably win.
Tom and Mary think they can save the world.
Tom and Mary think that they're invincible.
Tom and Mary think that they're infallible.
Tom and Mary think that they could do that.
Tom and Mary don't think that they'll lose.
Tom and Mary don't think that they can win.
Tom and Mary aren't who you think they are.
Tom and Mary think they've figured it out.
Tom and Mary think they're in big trouble.
Tom and Mary think they can do that again.
Tom and Mary think that they're so clever.
Tom and Mary think that they have the flu.
Tom and Mary don't think that they'll win.
Tom and Mary don't think that they'll cry.
Tom and Mary want us to think they're OK.
Tom and Mary think they understand women.
Tom and Mary think they can probably win.
Tom and Mary think that they'll die soon.
Tom and Mary think that they know it all.
Tom and Mary think that they can do that.
Tom and Mary don't think that they snore.
Tom and Mary think they're good-looking.
Tom and Mary think they're always right.
Tom and Mary think they know the answer.
Tom and Mary think that they're in love.
Tom and Mary think they hear something.
Tom and Mary think that they could win.
Tom and Mary think they're invincible.
Tom and Mary think they're infallible.
Tom and Mary think that they're ready.
Tom and Mary think that they're funny.
Tom and Mary think that they know why.
Tom and Mary think that they can sing.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll lose.
Tom and Mary don't think they can win.
Tom and Mary think they're so clever.
Tom and Mary think that they can win.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll cry.
Tom and Mary think they'll die soon.
Tom and Mary think they know it all.
Tom and Mary think they could win.
Tom and Mary think they can win.
They say that they don't think that they'll win.
They say that they don't think that they snore.
They aren't as old as you think that they are.
They think that they're stronger than I am.
They think that they're getting ripped off.
They think that they might have the answer.
They think that they have found the answer.
They say they don't think that they'll win.
They say that they don't think they'll win.
They don't think that they've ever met you.
They don't think that they have to do that.
They didn't think that they should do that.
They didn't think that they had to do that.
They think that they're going to die soon.
They think that they know what's going on.
They think that they can probably do that.
They say they don't think that they snore.
They say that they don't think they snore.
They don't think that they should do that.
They didn't think that they would make it.
They didn't think that they could do that.
They want us to think that they're happy.
They think that they're stronger than me.
They think that they're found the answer.
They think that they're being reasonable.
They think that they'll get straight A's.
They think that they should study French.
They don't think that they could do that.
They aren't as old as you think they are.
They think that they're smarter than me.
They think that they could probably win.
They think that they can save the world.
They aren't who you think that they are.
They think that they've figured it out.
They think that they're in big trouble.
They think that they shouldn't do that.
They think that they can do that again.
They don't think that they can do that.
They want us to think that they're OK.
They think they're stronger than I am.
They think they're getting ripped off.
They think they might have the answer.
They think they have found the answer.
They think that they're related to me.
They think that they understand women.
They think that they can probably win.
They say they don't think they'll win.
They don't think they've ever met you.
They don't think they have to do that.
They don't think that they'll do that.
They didn't think they should do that.
They didn't think they had to do that.
They think they're going to die soon.
They think they know what's going on.
They think they can probably do that.
They think that they're good-looking.
They think that they're always right.
They think that they know what to do.
They think that they know the answer.
They think that they know everything.
They say they don't think they snore.
They don't think they should do that.
They didn't think they would make it.
They didn't think they could do that.
They want us to think they're happy.
They think they're stronger than me.
They think they're found the answer.
They think they're being reasonable.
They think they'll get straight A's.
They think they should study French.
They think that they should do that.
They think that they hear something.
They don't think they could do that.
They think they're smarter than me.
They think they could probably win.
They think they can save the world.
They think that they're invincible.
They think that they're infallible.
They think that they could do that.
They don't think that they'll lose.
They don't think that they can win.
They aren't who you think they are.
They think they've figured it out.
They think they're in big trouble.
They think they shouldn't do that.
They think they can do that again.
They think that they're so clever.
They think that they have the flu.
They think that they can prove it.
They don't think they can do that.
They don't think that they'll win.
They don't think that they'll cry.
They want us to think they're OK.
They think they're related to me.
They think they understand women.
They think they can probably win.
They think that they'll die soon.
They think that they know it all.
They think that they can do that.
They don't think they'll do that.
They don't think that they snore.
They think they're good-looking.
They think they're always right.
They think they know what to do.
They think they know the answer.
They think they know everything.
They think that they're in love.
They think they should do that.
They think they hear something.
They think that they could win.
They think they're invincible.
They think they're infallible.
They think they could do that.
They think that they're ready.
They think that they're funny.
They think that they know why.
They think that they can sing.
They don't think they'll lose.
They don't think they can win.
They think they're so clever.
They think they have the flu.
They think they can prove it.
They think that they can win.
They don't think they'll win.
They don't think they'll cry.
They think they'll die soon.
They think they know it all.
They think they can do that.
They don't think they snore.
They think they're in love.
They think they could win.
They think they're ready.
They think they're funny.
They think they know why.
They think they can sing.
They think they can win.
They waved to everyone they saw.
They waved to everybody they saw.
Tom and Mary waved to everybody they saw.
Do you guys not have phones?
I don't want you to come here.
Tom and Mary let us know that they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary let us know that they couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary let me know that they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary know that they've got to do that today.
Tom and Mary know that they've done something wrong.
Tom and Mary know that they're going to be punished.
Tom and Mary know that they're going to be arrested.
Tom and Mary know that they've got to keep working.
Tom and Mary know that they're supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary know that they're running out of time.
Tom and Mary know that they're in real trouble now.
Tom and Mary know that they shouldn't do that here.
Tom and Mary let us know that they needed do that.
Tom and Mary let me know that they needed do that.
Tom and Mary know that they've done something bad.
Tom and Mary know that they made the right choice.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they'd hurt anybody.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they should do that.
Tom and Mary let us know that they would do that.
Tom and Mary let us know that they could do that.
Tom and Mary let me know that they would do that.
Tom and Mary let me know that they could do that.
Tom and Mary know that they're going to be fired.
Tom and Mary know that they won't get in trouble.
Tom and Mary know that they need to study French.
Tom and Mary know that they have to study French.
Tom and Mary know that they have to speak French.
Tom and Mary know that they have to keep working.
Tom and Mary know that they have to do something.
Tom and Mary know that they can't afford to fail.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they'd hurt anyone.
Tom and Mary want us to know that they did that.
Tom and Mary know that they're not going to win.
Tom and Mary know that they should study French.
Tom and Mary know that they aren't welcome here.
Tom and Mary let us know they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary let us know they couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary let us know that they had arrived.
Tom and Mary let me know they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary let me know they couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary let me know that they'd done that.
Tom and Mary know they've done something wrong.
Tom and Mary know they're going to be arrested.
Tom and Mary know that they're partly to blame.
Tom and Mary know that they should be studying.
Tom and Mary know that they have to be patient.
Tom and Mary want us to know that they did it.
Tom and Mary know they're in real trouble now.
Tom and Mary know that they're in trouble now.
Tom and Mary know that they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary know that they shouldn't be here.
Tom and Mary know that they can't be replaced.
Tom and Mary let us know they needed do that.
Tom and Mary let me know they needed do that.
Tom and Mary know they've done something bad.
Tom and Mary know that they've said too much.
Tom and Mary know that they're being watched.
Tom and Mary know that they're being lied to.
Tom and Mary don't know that they're adopted.
Tom and Mary let us know they would do that.
Tom and Mary let us know they could do that.
Tom and Mary let me know they would do that.
Tom and Mary let me know they could do that.
Tom and Mary know they won't get in trouble.
Tom and Mary know they have to do something.
Tom and Mary know they can't afford to fail.
Tom and Mary know that they've been lied to.
Tom and Mary know that they can't trust you.
Tom and Mary know that they can count on us.
Tom and Mary know that they have no choice.
Tom and Mary let us know they had arrived.
Tom and Mary let me know they'd done that.
Tom and Mary know that they're in trouble.
Tom and Mary know that they have to do it.
Tom and Mary know that they can trust you.
Tom and Mary know that they can do better.
Tom and Mary want us to know they did it.
Tom and Mary know they're in trouble now.
Tom and Mary know that they can trust us.
Tom and Mary know that they can trust me.
Tom and Mary know they've said too much.
Tom and Mary don't know they're adopted.
Tom and Mary know they can't trust you.
Tom and Mary know they can count on us.
Tom and Mary know that they need help.
Tom and Mary know that they messed up.
Tom and Mary know they can trust you.
Tom and Mary know they can trust us.
Tom and Mary know they can trust me.
Tom and Mary know that they cheated.
Tom and Mary know that they can win.
Tom and Mary know they can do that.
Tom and Mary know they messed up.
Tom and Mary know they can't win.
Tom and Mary know they're right.
Tom and Mary know they're dying.
Tom and Mary know they cheated.
Tom and Mary know they can win.
They let us know that they wouldn't do that.
They let us know that they couldn't do that.
They let me know that they wouldn't do that.
They let me know that they couldn't do that.
They know that they've got to do that today.
They know that they've done something wrong.
They know that they're going to be punished.
They know that they're going to be arrested.
They know that they've got to keep working.
They know that they're supposed to do that.
They know that they're running out of time.
They know that they're in real trouble now.
They know that they shouldn't do that here.
They know that they ought to do that today.
They let us know that they needed do that.
They let me know that they needed do that.
They know that they've done something bad.
They know that they ought to do that soon.
They know that they need to do that today.
They know that they made the right choice.
They know that they have to do that today.
They didn't know that they'd hurt anybody.
They didn't know that they should do that.
They didn't know that they had to do that.
They let us know that they would do that.
They let us know that they could do that.
They let me know that they would do that.
They let me know that they could do that.
They know that they're going to be fired.
They know that they won't get in trouble.
They know that they should do that today.
They know that they need to study French.
They know that they need to do that soon.
They know that they have to study French.
They know that they have to speak French.
They know that they have to keep working.
They know that they have to do that soon.
They know that they have to do something.
They know that they can't afford to fail.
They didn't know that they'd hurt anyone.
They want us to know that they did that.
They know that they're not going to win.
They know that they should study French.
They know that they should do that soon.
They know that they aren't welcome here.
They let us know they wouldn't do that.
They let us know they couldn't do that.
They let us know that they had arrived.
They let me know they wouldn't do that.
They let me know they couldn't do that.
They let me know that they'd done that.
They know they've got to do that today.
They know they've done something wrong.
They know they're going to be punished.
They know they're going to be arrested.
They know that they're partly to blame.
They know that they should be studying.
They know that they have to be patient.
They want us to know that they did it.
They know they've got to keep working.
They know they're supposed to do that.
They know they're running out of time.
They know they're in real trouble now.
They know they shouldn't do that here.
They know they ought to do that today.
They know that they're in trouble now.
They know that they shouldn't do that.
They know that they shouldn't be here.
They know that they can't be replaced.
They let us know they needed do that.
They let me know they needed do that.
They know they've done something bad.
They know they ought to do that soon.
They know they need to do that today.
They know they made the right choice.
They know they have to do that today.
They know that they've said too much.
They know that they're being watched.
They know that they're being lied to.
They know that they ought to do that.
They know that they have to be ready.
They don't know that they're adopted.
They didn't know they should do that.
They didn't know they had to do that.
They let us know they would do that.
They let us know they could do that.
They let me know they would do that.
They let me know they could do that.
They know they're going to be fired.
They know they won't get in trouble.
They know they should do that today.
They know they need to study French.
They know they need to do that soon.
They know they have to study French.
They know they have to speak French.
They know they have to keep working.
They know they have to do that soon.
They know they have to do something.
They know they can't afford to fail.
They know that they've been lied to.
They know that they need to do that.
They know that they have to do that.
They know that they can't trust you.
They know that they can count on us.
They want us to know they did that.
They know they're not going to win.
They know they should study French.
They know they should do that soon.
They know they aren't welcome here.
They know that they'll be punished.
They know that they should do that.
They know that they have no choice.
They let us know they had arrived.
They let me know they'd done that.
They know they're partly to blame.
They know they should be studying.
They know they have to be patient.
They know that they're in trouble.
They know that they have to do it.
They know that they can trust you.
They know that they can do better.
They want us to know they did it.
They know they're in trouble now.
They know they shouldn't do that.
They know they shouldn't be here.
They know they can't be replaced.
They know that they can trust us.
They know that they can trust me.
They know they've said too much.
They know they're being watched.
They know they're being lied to.
They know they ought to do that.
They know they have to be ready.
They know that they can do that.
They don't know they're adopted.
They know they've been lied to.
They know they need to do that.
They know they have to do that.
They know they can't trust you.
They know they can count on us.
They know they'll be punished.
They know they should do that.
They know they have no choice.
They know that they need help.
They know that they messed up.
They know that they can't win.
They know they're in trouble.
They know they have to do it.
They know they can trust you.
They know they can do better.
They know that they're right.
They know that they're dying.
They know they can trust us.
They know they can trust me.
They know that they cheated.
They know that they can win.
They know they can do that.
They know they need help.
They know they messed up.
They know they can't win.
They know they're right.
They know they're dying.
They know they cheated.
They know they can win.
Tom and Mary want to return to their countries.
Tom and Mary tripped and sprained their ankles.
Tom and Mary tried to unfasten their seatbelts.
Tom and Mary tried to speak, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary tried, but they couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary tried to talk, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary want to say yes, but they can't.
Tom and Mary want to return to their country.
Tom and Mary vowed that they'd never do that.
Tom and Mary usually eat their lunches alone.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their nervousness.
Tom and Mary tried to fasten their seatbelts.
Tom and Mary want to remodel their kitchens.
Tom and Mary underestimated their opponents.
Tom and Mary turned their bowls upside down.
Tom and Mary tried to hold back their tears.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their excitement.
Tom and Mary want to talk to their lawyers.
Tom and Mary want pepperoni on their pizza.
Tom and Mary vowed that they'd never do it.
Tom and Mary usually sleeps on their backs.
Tom and Mary tried to protect their facesd.
Tom and Mary tried to impress their bosses.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their confusion.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their annoyance.
Tom and Mary want to talk to their lawyer.
Tom and Mary turned in their resignatiosn.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their surprise.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their feelings.
Tom and Mary walked as far as they could.
Tom and Mary usually keep their promises.
Tom and Mary turned off their headlights.
Tom and Mary tried to impress their boss.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their concern.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their anxiety.
Tom and Mary want things done their way.
Tom and Mary usually get what they want.
Tom and Mary turned on their headlights.
Tom and Mary tried to sell their houses.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their smiles.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their tears.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their anger.
Tom and Mary walked into their houses.
Tom and Mary vowed they'd never do it.
Tom and Mary unrolled their yoga mats.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their pain.
Tom and Mary tried to hide their fear.
Tom and Mary walked into their house.
Tom and Mary vacuumed their bedrooms/
Tom and Mary used up all their water.
Tom and Mary trusted their instincts.
Tom and Mary vacuumed their bedroom.
Tom and Mary untied their ponytails.
Tom and Mary unfolded their napkins.
Tom and Mary uncrossed their legs.
Tom and Mary waived their rights.
Tom and Mary trust their doctors.
They want to return to their countries.
They want to finish what they're doing.
They tripped and sprained their ankles.
They tried to unfasten their seatbelts.
They tried to speak, but they couldn't.
They tried to relax, but they couldn't.
They tried, but they couldn't do that.
They tried to talk, but they couldn't.
They want to say yes, but they can't.
They want to return to their country.
They want to go home, but they can't.
They want me to give them some space.
They vowed that they'd never do that.
They usually eat their lunches alone.
They usually cry when they're scared.
They tried to hide their nervousness.
They tried to fasten their seatbelts.
They want to remodel their kitchens.
They usually get what they ask for.
They underestimated their opponents.
They turned their bowls upside down.
They tried to hold back their tears.
They tried to hide their excitement.
They want to talk to their lawyers.
They want to remodel their kitchen.
They want to leave, but they can't.
They want pepperoni on their pizza.
They vowed that they'd never do it.
They usually sleeps on their backs.
They tried to protect their faces.
They tried to impress their bosses.
They tried to hide their confusion.
They tried to hide their annoyance.
They want to talk to their lawyer.
They used to do that, didn't they?
They turned in their resignatiosn.
They tried to hide their surprise.
They tried to hide their feelings.
They walked back to their hotels.
They walked as far as they could.
They usually keep their promises.
They turned their flashlights on.
They turned on their flashlights.
They turned off their headlights.
They tried to impress their boss.
They tried to hide their concern.
They tried to hide their anxiety.
They want to go, but they can't.
They want to call their lawyers.
They want things done their way.
They walked back to their hotel.
They vowed they'd never do that.
They usually get what they want.
They turned on their headlights.
They tried to sell their houses.
They tried to hide their smiles.
They want to call their lawyer.
They unbuckled their seatbelts.
They tried to hide their tears.
They tried to hide their anger.
They walked into their houses.
They vowed they'd never do it.
They unrolled their yoga mats.
They unbuttoned their jackets.
They tried to hide their pain.
They tried to hide their fear.
They walked into their house.
They vacuumed their bedrooms/
They used up all their water.
They turned off their phones.
They trusted their instincts.
They want to dye their hair.
They vacuumed their bedroom.
They unzipped their jackets.
They untied their ponytails.
They unfolded their napkins.
They unclenched their fists.
They uncrossed their legs.
They waived their rights.
They trust their doctors.
Tom and Mary took their pens out of their pockets.
Tom and Mary took their keys out of their pockets.
Tom and Mary took some things out of their bags.
Tom and Mary tried to do it, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary tried to cover up their mistakes.
Tom and Mary tried in vain to hide their pain.
Tom and Mary took these pictures, didn't they?
Tom and Mary told you what to do, didn't they?
Tom and Mary tried to cover up their mistake.
Tom and Mary tried to control their emotions.
Tom and Mary told you something, didn't they?
Tom and Mary tried to disguise their voices.
Tom and Mary tried to control their tempers.
Tom and Mary toyed with their empty glasses.
Tom and Mary took their reading glasses off.
Tom and Mary took their places at the table.
Tom and Mary took off on their motorcycles.
Tom and Mary tried to control their anger.
Tom and Mary tried to conceal their anger.
Tom and Mary tried to catch their breaths.
Tom and Mary tried their luck hitchhiking.
Tom and Mary tried not to show their fear.
Tom and Mary took their wedding rings off.
Tom and Mary took one of their gloves off.
Tom and Mary took off their wedding rings.
Tom and Mary took off one of their gloves.
Tom and Mary tried to control their fear.
Tom and Mary took out their false teeth.
Tom and Mary took off their cowboy hats.
Tom and Mary took off on their bicycles.
Tom and Mary took their headphones off.
Tom and Mary took off their headphones.
Tom and Mary took off their earphones.
Tom and Mary took out their earplugs.
Tom and Mary took notes, didn't they?
Tom and Mary took out their cameras.
Tom and Mary took off their watches.
Tom and Mary told us what they knew.
Tom and Mary tried their luck.
They took their pens out of their pockets.
They took their keys out of their pockets.
They took some things out of their bags.
They tried to do it, but they couldn't.
They told you to say that, didn't they?
They tried to cover up their mistakes.
They tried in vain to hide their pain.
They took these pictures, didn't they?
They told you what to do, didn't they?
They tried to cover up their mistake.
They tried to control their emotions.
They told you something, didn't they?
They tried to disguise their voices.
They tried to control their tempers.
They toyed with their empty glasses.
They took their reading glasses off.
They took their places at the table.
They told us why they'd been absent.
They took off on their motorcycles.
They tried to control their anger.
They tried to conceal their anger.
They tried to catch their breaths.
They tried their luck hitchhiking.
They tried not to show their fear.
They took their wedding rings off.
They took one of their gloves off.
They took off their wedding rings.
They took off one of their gloves.
They tried to control their fear.
They took out their false teeth.
They took off their muddy shoes.
They took off their cowboy hats.
They took off on their bicycles.
They took their sunglasses off.
They took their headphones off.
They took off their sunglasses.
They took off their headphones.
They took off their ski boots.
They took off their raincoats.
They took off their name tags.
They took off their earphones.
They took out their earplugs.
They took off their uniforms.
They took off their sweaters.
They took off on their bikes.
They took notes, didn't they?
They took their jackets off.
They took their helmets off.
They took their goggles off.
They took their glasses off.
They took out their cameras.
They took off their watches.
They took off their jackets.
They took off their helmets.
They took off their goggles.
They told us what they knew.
They took their gloves off.
They took off their gloves.
They took their socks off.
They took their boots off.
They took off their socks.
They took off their packs.
They took off their boots.
They took their hats off.
They took their caps off.
They took off their wigs.
They took off their caps.
They tried their luck.
They took their seats.
Tom and Mary told us that they thought they'd do that.
Tom and Mary told us that they couldn't eat peanuts.
Tom and Mary told us that they thought they'd win.
Tom and Mary told us that they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary told us that they couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary told us that they'd to go with us.
Tom and Mary told us that they'd do that again.
Tom and Mary told us that they'd study French.
Tom and Mary told us that they couldn't help.
Tom and Mary told us that they could do that.
Tom and Mary told us that they wouldn't cry.
Tom and Mary told us that they loved skiing.
Tom and Mary told us that they couldn't win.
Tom and Mary told us they'd to go with us.
Tom and Mary told us that they could help.
Tom and Mary told us they'd study French.
Tom and Mary told us that they'd do that.
Tom and Mary told us that they could win.
Tom and Mary told us they loved skiing.
Tom and Mary told us they couldn't win.
Tom and Mary told us that they'd cried.
Tom and Mary told us they'd cooperate.
Tom and Mary told us that they'd win.
Tom and Mary told us they could win.
Tom and Mary told us they'd cried.
Tom and Mary told us they'd win.
They told us that they thought they'd do that.
They told us that they couldn't eat peanuts.
They told us that they thought they'd win.
They told us they thought they'd do that.
They told us that they wouldn't do that.
They told us that they couldn't do that.
They told us they couldn't eat peanuts.
They told us that they'd to go with us.
They told us that they'd do that again.
They told us that they'd study French.
They told us they thought they'd win.
They told us that they couldn't help.
They told us that they could do that.
They told us that they wouldn't cry.
They told us that they loved skiing.
They told us that they couldn't win.
They told us they wouldn't do that.
They told us they couldn't do that.
They told us that they'd cooperate.
They told us they'd to go with us.
They told us they'd do that again.
They told us that they could help.
They told us they'd study French.
They told us that they'd do that.
They told us that they could win.
They told us they couldn't help.
They told us they could do that.
They told us they wouldn't cry.
They told us they loved skiing.
They told us they couldn't win.
They told us that they'd cried.
They told us they'd cooperate.
They told us they could help.
They told us that they'd win.
They told us they'd do that.
They told us they could win.
They told us they'd cried.
They told us they'd win.
Tom and Mary told me that they disagreed with each other.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't do anything wrong.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd win, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd lost their textbooks.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought they might win.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought they could win.
Tom and Mary told me that they were ready to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were going to the gym.
Tom and Mary told me that they were going to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were afraid of snakes.
Tom and Mary told me that they haven't done that yet.
Tom and Mary told me they disagreed with each other.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd lost their watches.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be glad to help me.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't sick anymore.
Tom and Mary told me that they were unfazed by that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were teaching French.
Tom and Mary told me that they were studying French.
Tom and Mary told me that they were home last night.
Tom and Mary told me that they lived on Park Street.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't like swimming.
Tom and Mary told me that they bought these for you.
Tom and Mary told me that they're leaving tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd never let me down.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be busy on Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't very hungry.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't ready to go.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't embarrassed.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't discouraged.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't coming back.
Tom and Mary told me that they were glad to see me.
Tom and Mary told me that they were doing that now.
Tom and Mary told me that they saw you at the mall.
Tom and Mary told me that they knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they had some work to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt bad about that.
Tom and Mary told me that they enjoyed the concert.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't teach French.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't study French.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't speak French.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't see anything.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't need my help.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't like spinach.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't like fishing.
Tom and Mary told me that they've never done that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're getting married.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't stay long.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't sleepy yet.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't happy here.
Tom and Mary told me that they were really hungry.
Tom and Mary told me that they were going to help.
Tom and Mary told me that they were feeling dizzy.
Tom and Mary told me that they want to go with us.
Tom and Mary told me that they used to be married.
Tom and Mary told me that they preferred red wine.
Tom and Mary told me that they plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they enjoyed the picnic.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't want to win.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't like boxing.
Tom and Mary told me that they couldn't stay long.
Tom and Mary told me they'd lost their textbooks.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they might win.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they could win.
Tom and Mary told me that they've just done that.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't surprised.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't impressed.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't convinced.
Tom and Mary told me that they were still afraid.
Tom and Mary told me that they were going to win.
Tom and Mary told me that they were glad to help.
Tom and Mary told me that they were feeling fine.
Tom and Mary told me that they were disorganized.
Tom and Mary told me that they were discontented.
Tom and Mary told me that they were conservative.
Tom and Mary told me that they were appreciative.
Tom and Mary told me that they were all worn out.
Tom and Mary told me that they never use shampoo.
Tom and Mary told me that they needed more money.
Tom and Mary told me that they might not do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they like Chinese food.
Tom and Mary told me that they knew who did that.
Tom and Mary told me that they enjoyed the party.
Tom and Mary told me that they did nothing wrong.
Tom and Mary told me that they called the police.
Tom and Mary told me that they aren't sleepy yet.
Tom and Mary told me they've decided to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they're through doing that.
Tom and Mary told me they're tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they've never met you.
Tom and Mary told me that they're losing weight.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd try to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd try doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd rather go home.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd never leave me.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd likely do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd do that for us.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd do it tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd call you later.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd been suspended.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be coming back.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't ticklish.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't prepared.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't offended.
Tom and Mary told me that they were sympathetic.
Tom and Mary told me that they were really busy.
Tom and Mary told me that they were ready to go.
Tom and Mary told me that they were pessimistic.
Tom and Mary told me that they were over thirty.
Tom and Mary told me that they were headed home.
Tom and Mary told me that they were feeling bad.
Tom and Mary told me that they were coming back.
Tom and Mary told me that they tried to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they needed some cash.
Tom and Mary told me that they needed more time.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they hated doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they had to work late.
Tom and Mary told me that they had to walk home.
Tom and Mary told me that they had to stay home.
Tom and Mary told me that they found their keys.
Tom and Mary told me that they forgot something.
Tom and Mary told me that they enjoyed the view.
Tom and Mary told me that they enjoyed the show.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't like dogs.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't like cats.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't like beer.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't feel well.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't feel safe.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't feel cold.
Tom and Mary told me that they did that in 2013.
Tom and Mary told me that they did that for you.
Tom and Mary told me that they did that already.
Tom and Mary told me that they couldn't help me.
Tom and Mary told me that they couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they ate way too much.
Tom and Mary told me that they appreciated that.
Tom and Mary told me they're afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they'll be home on Monday.
Tom and Mary told me they'd lost their watches.
Tom and Mary told me they'd decided to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they were unfazed by that.
Tom and Mary told me they were already married.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd never do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd do that later.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd do that again.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd call tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be supportive.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be right over.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be right back.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be ready soon.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't worried.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't thirsty.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't so sure.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't nervous.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't married.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't injured.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't in pain.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't experts.
Tom and Mary told me that they were very upset.
Tom and Mary told me that they were very sorry.
Tom and Mary told me that they were very happy.
Tom and Mary told me that they were overweight.
Tom and Mary told me that they were optimistic.
Tom and Mary told me that they were having fun.
Tom and Mary told me that they were happy here.
Tom and Mary told me that they were going home.
Tom and Mary told me that they were doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were doing fine.
Tom and Mary told me that they were displeased.
Tom and Mary told me that they want to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they used to be rich.
Tom and Mary told me that they plan to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they never said that.
Tom and Mary told me that they needed our help.
Tom and Mary told me that they need to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked the party.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked the movie.
Tom and Mary told me that they like to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they like doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they knew what to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they knew how I felt.
Tom and Mary told me that they intended to win.
Tom and Mary told me that they hated Christmas.
Tom and Mary told me that they got there first.
Tom and Mary told me that they found something.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't eat pork.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't eat meat.
Tom and Mary told me that they did that for us.
Tom and Mary told me that they could handle it.
Tom and Mary told me they'd never let me down.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be home on Monday.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be busy on Monday.
Tom and Mary told me they'd agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they were doing that now.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like spinach.
Tom and Mary told me that they're unimpressed.
Tom and Mary told me that they're unconvinced.
Tom and Mary told me that they're sympathetic.
Tom and Mary told me that they're pessimistic.
Tom and Mary told me that they're intoxicated.
Tom and Mary told me that they're heartbroken.
Tom and Mary told me that they're discouraged.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd wait and see.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd love to help.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd look into it.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd like to help.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd do that, too.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd do that soon.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd call me back.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd also do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't sleepy.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't hungry.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't coming.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't afraid.
Tom and Mary told me that they were uninsured.
Tom and Mary told me that they were undecided.
Tom and Mary told me that they were done, too.
Tom and Mary told me that they were concerned.
Tom and Mary told me that they were bilingual.
Tom and Mary told me that they were at school.
Tom and Mary told me that they studied French.
Tom and Mary told me that they should do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they saw that movie.
Tom and Mary told me that they never did that.
Tom and Mary told me that they needed to talk.
Tom and Mary told me that they needed my help.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked the idea.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked swimming.
Tom and Mary told me that they know the rules.
Tom and Mary told me that they knew the rules.
Tom and Mary told me that they heard gunshots.
Tom and Mary told me that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they had no regrets.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't eat pork.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't eat meat.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they did that wrong.
Tom and Mary never told me that they loved me.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to win.
Tom and Mary told me that they're frightened.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd wait for us.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd sort it out.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't wait.
Tom and Mary told me that they won't do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't upset.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't tired.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't sorry.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't happy.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't bored.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't angry.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't alone.
Tom and Mary told me that they were worn out.
Tom and Mary told me that they were unbiased.
Tom and Mary told me that they were unafraid.
Tom and Mary told me that they were mistaken.
Tom and Mary told me that they were homeless.
Tom and Mary told me that they were grateful.
Tom and Mary told me that they were flexible.
Tom and Mary told me that they were finished.
Tom and Mary told me that they were famished.
Tom and Mary told me that they were agnostic.
Tom and Mary told me that they were Canadian.
Tom and Mary told me that they plan on going.
Tom and Mary told me that they might not win.
Tom and Mary told me that they might do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked my idea.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt offended.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't get it.
Tom and Mary told me that they couldn't walk.
Tom and Mary told me that they couldn't wait.
Tom and Mary told me that they could take it.
Tom and Mary told me that they could help us.
Tom and Mary told me that they could do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they believed that.
Tom and Mary told me that they aren't hungry.
Tom and Mary just told me that they loved me.
Tom and Mary told me they've just done that.
Tom and Mary told me they're doing that now.
Tom and Mary told me they were disorganized.
Tom and Mary told me they were discontented.
Tom and Mary told me they were conservative.
Tom and Mary told me they were appreciative.
Tom and Mary told me they never use shampoo.
Tom and Mary told me they did nothing wrong.
Tom and Mary told me they called the police.
Tom and Mary told me they aren't sleepy yet.
Tom and Mary told me that they're terrified.
Tom and Mary told me that they're irritated.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd try to win.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd look at it.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd likely cry.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't win.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't cry.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't sure.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't sick.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't busy.
Tom and Mary told me that they were wounded.
Tom and Mary told me that they were working.
Tom and Mary told me that they were wealthy.
Tom and Mary told me that they were unhappy.
Tom and Mary told me that they were psyched.
Tom and Mary told me that they were healthy.
Tom and Mary told me that they were annoyed.
Tom and Mary told me that they tried to win.
Tom and Mary told me that they speak French.
Tom and Mary told me that they needed space.
Tom and Mary told me that they needed money.
Tom and Mary told me that they had to split.
Tom and Mary told me that they had to leave.
Tom and Mary told me that they had no money.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt seasick.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't smoke.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't do it.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't agree.
Tom and Mary told me that they could fix it.
Tom and Mary told me that they ate too much.
Tom and Mary told me they're losing weight.
Tom and Mary told me they'll join us later.
Tom and Mary told me they'd never leave me.
Tom and Mary told me they'd do it tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they'd been suspended.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be cooperative.
Tom and Mary told me they were pessimistic.
Tom and Mary told me they needed some cash.
Tom and Mary told me they found their keys.
Tom and Mary told me they enjoyed the view.
Tom and Mary told me they appreciated that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're unbiased.
Tom and Mary told me that they're unafraid.
Tom and Mary told me that they're ticklish.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd walk home.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd try again.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd stay home.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd been sick.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd been busy.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't mad.
Tom and Mary told me that they were strong.
Tom and Mary told me that they were strict.
Tom and Mary told me that they were single.
Tom and Mary told me that they want to win.
Tom and Mary told me that they want to die.
Tom and Mary told me that they walked home.
Tom and Mary told me that they may do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked pizza.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt hungry.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt better.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't know.
Tom and Mary told me that they could do it.
Tom and Mary told me they'll be back soon.
Tom and Mary told me they'd rather not go.
Tom and Mary told me they'd been forgiven.
Tom and Mary told me they'd been careless.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be supportive.
Tom and Mary told me they'd already eaten.
Tom and Mary told me they were overweight.
Tom and Mary told me they were displeased.
Tom and Mary told me they intended to win.
Tom and Mary told me they hated Christmas.
Tom and Mary told me that they're starved.
Tom and Mary told me that they're retired.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd call you.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be there.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be alone.
Tom and Mary told me that they were short.
Tom and Mary told me that they were dying.
Tom and Mary told me that they understood.
Tom and Mary told me that they plan to go.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked snow.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked rain.
Tom and Mary told me that they left early.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt tired.
Tom and Mary told me that they enjoyed it.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't win.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't cry.
Tom and Mary told me that they called you.
Tom and Mary told me they're very hungry.
Tom and Mary told me they're unimpressed.
Tom and Mary told me they're unconvinced.
Tom and Mary told me they're sympathetic.
Tom and Mary told me they're pessimistic.
Tom and Mary told me they're intoxicated.
Tom and Mary told me they're heartbroken.
Tom and Mary told me they're discouraged.
Tom and Mary told me they were unmarried.
Tom and Mary told me they were uninsured.
Tom and Mary told me they were undecided.
Tom and Mary told me they were bilingual.
Tom and Mary told me they saw that movie.
Tom and Mary told me they needed to talk.
Tom and Mary told me they heard gunshots.
Tom and Mary told me that they're lonely.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd help me.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd call me.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be here.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be back.
Tom and Mary told me that they were well.
Tom and Mary told me that they were lazy.
Tom and Mary told me that they were fine.
Tom and Mary told me that they should go.
Tom and Mary told me that they might win.
Tom and Mary told me that they had to go.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt weak.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt sick.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt safe.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt fine.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt cold.
Tom and Mary told me that they disagreed.
Tom and Mary told me they're unemployed.
Tom and Mary told me they're suspicious.
Tom and Mary told me they're interested.
Tom and Mary told me they're frightened.
Tom and Mary told me they'd sort it out.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be discreet.
Tom and Mary told me they were unbiased.
Tom and Mary told me they were homeless.
Tom and Mary told me they were flexible.
Tom and Mary told me they were famished.
Tom and Mary told me they were agnostic.
Tom and Mary told me they were Canadian.
Tom and Mary told me they might not win.
Tom and Mary told me they could take it.
Tom and Mary told me they can't do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're alone.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd buy it.
Tom and Mary told me that they were hot.
Tom and Mary told me that they told you.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked it.
Tom and Mary told me that they knew you.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt hot.
Tom and Mary told me that they did that.
Tom and Mary just told me they loved me.
Tom and Mary told me they're terrified.
Tom and Mary told me they're skeptical.
Tom and Mary told me they're irritated.
Tom and Mary told me they're exhausted.
Tom and Mary told me they're depressed.
Tom and Mary told me they'd likely cry.
Tom and Mary told me they'd leave soon.
Tom and Mary told me they'd come again.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be careful.
Tom and Mary told me they were wounded.
Tom and Mary told me they were worried.
Tom and Mary told me they were wealthy.
Tom and Mary told me they were through.
He was drunk, that's why he broke everything in his house.
Tom and Mary told me they were stuffed.
Tom and Mary told me they were serious.
Tom and Mary told me they were psyched.
Tom and Mary told me they were married.
Tom and Mary told me they were certain.
Tom and Mary told me they tried to win.
Tom and Mary told me they speak French.
Tom and Mary told me they needed space.
Tom and Mary told me they had to split.
Tom and Mary told me that they're last.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd leave.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd do it.
Tom and Mary told me that they love me.
Tom and Mary told me they're unbiased.
Tom and Mary told me they're unafraid.
Tom and Mary told me they're ticklish.
Tom and Mary told me they're prepared.
Tom and Mary told me they'd done that.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be absent.
Tom and Mary told me they were strong.
Tom and Mary told me they were strict.
Tom and Mary told me they want to win.
Tom and Mary told me they want to die.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know.
Tom and Mary told me that they're shy.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd wait.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd sing.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd lied.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd help.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd come.
Tom and Mary told me they're thirsty.
Tom and Mary told me they're starved.
Tom and Mary told me they're retired.
Tom and Mary told me they're puzzled.
Tom and Mary told me they're pleased.
Tom and Mary told me they're nervous.
Tom and Mary told me they're jealous.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be alone.
Tom and Mary told me they were tense.
Tom and Mary told me they were short.
Tom and Mary told me they were lucky.
Tom and Mary told me they were early.
Tom and Mary told me they were dizzy.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't win.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd win.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd try.
Tom and Mary told me that they cried.
Tom and Mary told me they're sleepy.
Tom and Mary told me they're scared.
Tom and Mary told me they're lonely.
Tom and Mary told me they're afraid.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be fair.
Tom and Mary told me they were safe.
Tom and Mary told me they were next.
Tom and Mary told me they were lost.
Tom and Mary told me they were lazy.
Tom and Mary told me they were glad.
Tom and Mary told me they were full.
Tom and Mary told me they were free.
Tom and Mary told me they might win.
Tom and Mary told me they're upset.
Tom and Mary told me they're tired.
Tom and Mary told me they're ready.
Tom and Mary told me they're broke.
Tom and Mary told me they're bored.
Tom and Mary told me they're alone.
Tom and Mary told me they were shy.
Tom and Mary told me they were hot.
Tom and Mary told me they told you.
Tom and Mary told me that they won.
Tom and Mary told me they've done.
Tom and Mary told me they're well.
Tom and Mary told me they're safe.
Tom and Mary told me they're last.
Tom and Mary told me they're fine.
Tom and Mary told me they're cold.
Tom and Mary told me they'd cried.
Tom and Mary told me they love me.
Tom and Mary told me they're shy.
Tom and Mary told me they'd lied.
Tom and Mary told me they'd won.
Tom and Mary told me they'd win.
Tom and Mary told me they won.
Mathematics needs a very intelligent brain.
They told me that they disagreed with each other.
They told me that they didn't do anything wrong.
They told me that they'd win, but they didn't.
They told me that they'd lost their textbooks.
They told me that they thought they might win.
They told me that they thought they could win.
They told me that they've decided to do that.
They told me that they're through doing that.
They told me that they're tempted to do that.
They told me that they were ready to do that.
They told me that they were going to the gym.
They told me that they were going to do that.
They told me that they were afraid of snakes.
They told me that they haven't done that yet.
They told me they disagreed with each other.
They told me that they're afraid to do that.
They told me that they'll be home on Monday.
They told me that they'd lost their watches.
They told me that they'd decided to do that.
They told me that they'd be glad to help me.
They told me that they weren't sick anymore.
They told me that they were unfazed by that.
They told me that they were teaching French.
They told me that they were studying French.
They told me that they were home last night.
They told me that they were already married.
They told me that they lived on Park Street.
They told me that they didn't like swimming.
They told me that they bought these for you.
They told me they didn't do anything wrong.
They told me that they're ready to do that.
They told me that they're leaving tomorrow.
They told me that they'll do that tomorrow.
They told me that they'd never let me down.
They told me that they'd be home on Monday.
They told me that they'd be busy on Monday.
They told me that they'd already done that.
They told me that they'd agreed to do that.
They told me that they won't do that again.
They told me that they weren't very hungry.
They told me that they weren't ready to go.
They told me that they weren't embarrassed.
They told me that they weren't discouraged.
They told me that they weren't coming back.
They told me that they were glad to see me.
They told me that they were doing that now.
They told me that they saw you at the mall.
They told me that they knew how to do that.
They told me that they intended to do that.
They told me that they had some work to do.
They told me that they felt bad about that.
They told me that they enjoyed the concert.
They told me that they didn't teach French.
They told me that they didn't study French.
They told me that they didn't speak French.
They told me that they didn't see anything.
They told me that they didn't need my help.
They told me that they didn't like spinach.
They told me that they didn't like fishing.
They told me that they've never done that.
They told me that they're getting married.
They told me that they'd do that tomorrow.
They told me that they wouldn't stay long.
They told me that they weren't sleepy yet.
They told me that they weren't happy here.
They told me that they were really hungry.
They told me that they were going to help.
They told me that they were feeling dizzy.
They told me that they want to go with us.
They told me that they used to be married.
They told me that they preferred red wine.
They told me that they plan on doing that.
They told me that they enjoyed the picnic.
They told me that they didn't want to win.
They told me that they didn't like boxing.
They told me that they couldn't stay long.
They told me they'd win, but they didn't.
They told me they'd lost their textbooks.
They told me they thought they might win.
They told me they thought they could win.
They told me that they've just done that.
They told me that they're doing that now.
They told me that they weren't surprised.
They told me that they weren't impressed.
They told me that they weren't convinced.
They told me that they were still afraid.
They told me that they were going to win.
They told me that they were glad to help.
They told me that they were feeling fine.
They told me that they were disorganized.
They told me that they were discontented.
They told me that they were conservative.
They told me that they were appreciative.
They told me that they were all worn out.
They told me that they never use shampoo.
They told me that they needed more money.
They told me that they might not do that.
They told me that they like Chinese food.
They told me that they knew who did that.
They told me that they enjoyed the party.
They told me that they did nothing wrong.
They told me that they called the police.
They told me that they aren't sleepy yet.
They told me they've decided to do that.
They told me they're through doing that.
They told me they're tempted to do that.
They told me they were ready to do that.
They told me they were going to the gym.
They told me they were going to do that.
They told me they were afraid of snakes.
They told me they haven't done that yet.
They told me that they've never met you.
They told me that they're losing weight.
They told me that they'll join us later.
They told me that they'd try to do that.
They told me that they'd try doing that.
They told me that they'd rather go home.
They told me that they'd never leave me.
They told me that they'd likely do that.
They told me that they'd do that for us.
They told me that they'd do it tomorrow.
They told me that they'd call you later.
They told me that they'd been suspended.
They told me that they'd be cooperative.
They told me that they'd be coming back.
They told me that they wouldn't do that.
They told me that they weren't ticklish.
They told me that they weren't prepared.
They told me that they weren't offended.
They told me that they were sympathetic.
They told me that they were really busy.
They told me that they were ready to go.
They told me that they were pessimistic.
They told me that they were over thirty.
They told me that they were headed home.
They told me that they were feeling bad.
They told me that they were coming back.
They told me that they tried to do that.
They told me that they ought to do that.
They told me that they needed some cash.
They told me that they needed more time.
They told me that they liked to do that.
They told me that they liked doing that.
They told me that they hated doing that.
They told me that they had to work late.
They told me that they had to walk home.
They told me that they had to stay home.
They told me that they found their keys.
They told me that they forgot something.
They told me that they enjoyed the view.
They told me that they enjoyed the show.
They told me that they didn't like dogs.
They told me that they didn't like cats.
They told me that they didn't like beer.
They told me that they didn't feel well.
They told me that they didn't feel safe.
They told me that they didn't feel cold.
They told me that they did that in 2013.
They told me that they did that for you.
They told me that they did that already.
They told me that they couldn't help me.
They told me that they couldn't do that.
They told me that they ate way too much.
They told me that they appreciated that.
They told me they're afraid to do that.
They told me they'll be home on Monday.
They told me they'd lost their watches.
They told me they'd decided to do that.
They told me they'd be glad to help me.
They told me they weren't sick anymore.
They told me they were unfazed by that.
They told me they were teaching French.
They told me they were studying French.
They told me they were home last night.
They told me they were already married.
They told me they lived on Park Street.
They told me they didn't like swimming.
They told me they bought these for you.
They told me that they'll be back soon.
They told me that they'd rather not go.
They told me that they'd never do that.
They told me that they'd do that later.
They told me that they'd do that again.
They told me that they'd call tomorrow.
They told me that they'd been forgiven.
They told me that they'd been careless.
They told me that they'd be supportive.
They told me that they'd be right over.
They told me that they'd be right back.
They told me that they'd be ready soon.
They told me that they'd already eaten.
They told me that they weren't worried.
They told me that they weren't thirsty.
They told me that they weren't so sure.
They told me that they weren't nervous.
They told me that they weren't married.
They told me that they weren't injured.
They told me that they weren't in pain.
They told me that they weren't experts.
They told me that they were very upset.
They told me that they were very sorry.
They told me that they were very happy.
They told me that they were overweight.
They told me that they were optimistic.
They told me that they were having fun.
They told me that they were happy here.
They told me that they were going home.
They told me that they were doing that.
They told me that they were doing fine.
They told me that they were displeased.
They told me that they want to do that.
They told me that they used to be rich.
They told me that they plan to do that.
They told me that they never said that.
They told me that they needed our help.
They told me that they need to do that.
They told me that they liked the party.
They told me that they liked the movie.
They told me that they like to do that.
They told me that they like doing that.
They told me that they knew what to do.
They told me that they knew how I felt.
They told me that they intended to win.
They told me that they hated Christmas.
They told me that they got there first.
They told me that they found something.
They told me that they didn't eat pork.
They told me that they didn't eat meat.
They told me that they did that for us.
They told me that they could handle it.
They told me they're ready to do that.
They told me they're leaving tomorrow.
They told me they'll do that tomorrow.
They told me they'd never let me down.
They told me they'd be home on Monday.
They told me they'd be busy on Monday.
They told me they'd already done that.
They told me they'd agreed to do that.
They told me they won't do that again.
They told me they weren't very hungry.
They told me they weren't ready to go.
They told me they weren't embarrassed.
They told me they weren't discouraged.
They told me they weren't coming back.
They told me they were glad to see me.
They told me they were doing that now.
They told me they saw you at the mall.
They told me they knew how to do that.
They told me they intended to do that.
They told me they had some work to do.
They told me they felt bad about that.
They told me they enjoyed the concert.
They told me they didn't teach French.
They told me they didn't study French.
They told me they didn't speak French.
They told me they didn't see anything.
They told me they didn't need my help.
They told me they didn't like spinach.
They told me they didn't like fishing.
They told me that they're very hungry.
They told me that they're unimpressed.
They told me that they're unconvinced.
They told me that they're sympathetic.
They told me that they're pessimistic.
They told me that they're intoxicated.
They told me that they're heartbroken.
They told me that they're discouraged.
They told me that they'd wait and see.
They told me that they'd love to help.
They told me that they'd look into it.
They told me that they'd like to help.
They told me that they'd do that, too.
They told me that they'd do that soon.
They told me that they'd call me back.
They told me that they'd be back soon.
They told me that they'd also do that.
They told me that they weren't sleepy.
They told me that they weren't hungry.
They told me that they weren't coming.
They told me that they weren't afraid.
They told me that they were unmarried.
They told me that they were uninsured.
They told me that they were undecided.
They told me that they were done, too.
They told me that they were concerned.
They told me that they were bilingual.
They told me that they were at school.
They told me that they studied French.
They told me that they should do that.
They told me that they saw that movie.
They told me that they never did that.
They told me that they needed to talk.
They told me that they needed my help.
They told me that they liked the idea.
They told me that they liked swimming.
They told me that they know the rules.
They told me that they knew the rules.
They told me that they heard gunshots.
They told me that they had to do that.
They told me that they had no regrets.
They told me that they don't eat pork.
They told me that they don't eat meat.
They told me that they didn't do that.
They told me that they did that wrong.
They never told me that they loved me.
They told me they've never done that.
They told me they're getting married.
They told me they'd do that tomorrow.
They told me they wouldn't stay long.
They told me they weren't sleepy yet.
They told me they weren't happy here.
They told me they were really hungry.
They told me they were going to help.
They told me they were feeling dizzy.
They told me they want to go with us.
They told me they used to be married.
They told me they preferred red wine.
They told me they plan on doing that.
They told me they enjoyed the picnic.
They told me they didn't want to win.
They told me they didn't like boxing.
They told me they couldn't stay long.
They told me that they're unemployed.
They told me that they're suspicious.
They told me that they're interested.
They told me that they're frightened.
They told me that they'd wait for us.
They told me that they'd sort it out.
They told me that they'd be discreet.
They told me that they wouldn't wait.
They told me that they won't do that.
They told me that they weren't upset.
They told me that they weren't tired.
They told me that they weren't sorry.
They told me that they weren't happy.
They told me that they weren't bored.
They told me that they weren't angry.
They told me that they weren't alone.
They told me that they were worn out.
They told me that they were unbiased.
They told me that they were unafraid.
They told me that they were mistaken.
They told me that they were homeless.
They told me that they were grateful.
They told me that they were flexible.
They told me that they were finished.
They told me that they were famished.
They told me that they were agnostic.
They told me that they were Canadian.
They told me that they plan on going.
They told me that they might not win.
They told me that they might do that.
They told me that they liked my idea.
They told me that they felt offended.
They told me that they didn't get it.
They told me that they couldn't walk.
They told me that they couldn't wait.
They told me that they could take it.
They told me that they could help us.
They told me that they could do that.
They told me that they can't do that.
They told me that they believed that.
They told me that they aren't hungry.
They just told me that they loved me.
They told me they've just done that.
They told me they're doing that now.
They told me they weren't surprised.
They told me they weren't impressed.
They told me they weren't convinced.
They told me they were still afraid.
They told me they were going to win.
They told me they were glad to help.
They told me they were feeling fine.
They told me they were disorganized.
They told me they were discontented.
They told me they were conservative.
They told me they were appreciative.
They told me they were all worn out.
They told me they never use shampoo.
They told me they needed more money.
They told me they might not do that.
They told me they like Chinese food.
They told me they knew who did that.
They told me they enjoyed the party.
They told me they did nothing wrong.
They told me they called the police.
They told me they aren't sleepy yet.
They told me that they're terrified.
They told me that they're skeptical.
They told me that they're irritated.
They told me that they're exhausted.
They told me that they're depressed.
They told me that they'd try to win.
They told me that they'd look at it.
They told me that they'd likely cry.
They told me that they'd leave soon.
They told me that they'd come again.
They told me that they'd be careful.
They told me that they wouldn't win.
They told me that they wouldn't cry.
They told me that they weren't sure.
They told me that they weren't sick.
They told me that they weren't busy.
They told me that they were wounded.
They told me that they were worried.
They told me that they were working.
They told me that they were wealthy.
They told me that they were unlucky.
They told me that they were unhappy.
They told me that they were through.
They told me that they were thirsty.
They told me that they were stuffed.
They told me that they were starved.
They told me that they were serious.
They told me that they were retired.
They told me that they were puzzled.
They told me that they were psyched.
They told me that they were pleased.
They told me that they were nervous.
They told me that they were married.
They told me that they were jealous.
They told me that they were healthy.
They told me that they were furious.
They told me that they were excited.
They told me that they were curious.
They told me that they were certain.
They told me that they were at home.
They told me that they were annoyed.
They told me that they were adopted.
They told me that they tried to win.
They told me that they speak French.
They told me that they needed space.
They told me that they needed money.
They told me that they had to split.
They told me that they had to leave.
They told me that they had no money.
They told me that they felt seasick.
They told me that they didn't smoke.
They told me that they didn't do it.
They told me that they didn't agree.
They told me that they could fix it.
They told me that they ate too much.
They told me they've never met you.
They told me they're losing weight.
They told me they'll join us later.
They told me they'd try to do that.
They told me they'd try doing that.
They told me they'd rather go home.
They told me they'd never leave me.
They told me they'd likely do that.
They told me they'd do that for us.
They told me they'd do it tomorrow.
They told me they'd call you later.
They told me they'd been suspended.
They told me they'd be cooperative.
They told me they'd be coming back.
They told me they wouldn't do that.
They told me they weren't ticklish.
They told me they weren't prepared.
They told me they weren't offended.
They told me they were sympathetic.
They told me they were really busy.
They told me they were ready to go.
They told me they were pessimistic.
They told me they were over thirty.
They told me they were headed home.
They told me they were feeling bad.
They told me they were coming back.
They told me they tried to do that.
They told me they ought to do that.
They told me they needed some cash.
They told me they needed more time.
They told me they liked to do that.
They told me they liked doing that.
They told me they hated doing that.
They told me they had to work late.
They told me they had to walk home.
They told me they had to stay home.
They told me they found their keys.
They told me they forgot something.
They told me they enjoyed the view.
They told me they enjoyed the show.
They told me they didn't like dogs.
They told me they didn't like cats.
They told me they didn't like beer.
They told me they didn't feel well.
They told me they didn't feel safe.
They told me they didn't feel cold.
They told me they did that in 2013.
They told me they did that for you.
They told me they did that already.
They told me they couldn't help me.
They told me they couldn't do that.
They told me they ate way too much.
They told me they appreciated that.
They told me that they're unbiased.
They told me that they're unafraid.
They told me that they're ticklish.
They told me that they're prepared.
They told me that they'd walk home.
They told me that they'd try again.
They told me that they'd stay home.
They told me that they'd done that.
They told me that they'd been sick.
They told me that they'd been busy.
They told me that they'd be absent.
They told me that they weren't mad.
They told me that they were unhurt.
They told me that they were strong.
They told me that they were strict.
They told me that they were sleepy.
They told me that they were single.
They told me that they were scared.
They told me that they were lonely.
They told me that they were hungry.
They told me that they were afraid.
They told me that they want to win.
They told me that they want to die.
They told me that they walked home.
They told me that they may do that.
They told me that they liked pizza.
They told me that they felt hungry.
They told me that they felt better.
They told me that they didn't know.
They told me that they could do it.
They told me they'll be back soon.
They told me they'd rather not go.
They told me they'd never do that.
They told me they'd do that later.
They told me they'd do that again.
They told me they'd call tomorrow.
They told me they'd been forgiven.
They told me they'd been careless.
They told me they'd be supportive.
They told me they'd be right over.
They told me they'd be right back.
They told me they'd be ready soon.
They told me they'd already eaten.
They told me they weren't worried.
They told me they weren't thirsty.
They told me they weren't so sure.
They told me they weren't nervous.
They told me they weren't married.
They told me they weren't injured.
They told me they weren't in pain.
They told me they weren't experts.
They told me they were very upset.
They told me they were very sorry.
They told me they were very happy.
They told me they were overweight.
They told me they were optimistic.
They told me they were having fun.
They told me they were happy here.
They told me they were going home.
They told me they were doing that.
They told me they were doing fine.
They told me they were displeased.
They told me they want to do that.
They told me they used to be rich.
They told me they plan to do that.
They told me they never said that.
They told me they needed our help.
They told me they need to do that.
They told me they liked the party.
They told me they liked the movie.
They told me they like to do that.
They told me they like doing that.
They told me they knew what to do.
They told me they knew how I felt.
They told me they intended to win.
They told me they hated Christmas.
They told me they got there first.
They told me they found something.
They told me they didn't eat pork.
They told me they didn't eat meat.
They told me they did that for us.
They told me they could handle it.
They told me that they're thirsty.
They told me that they're starved.
They told me that they're retired.
They told me that they're puzzled.
They told me that they're pleased.
They told me that they're nervous.
They told me that they're jealous.
They told me that they'd call you.
They told me that they'd be there.
They told me that they'd be alone.
They told me that they'd help us.
They told me that they were wrong.
They told me that they were upset.
They told me that they were tired.
They told me that they were tense.
They told me that they were sorry.
They told me that they were short.
They told me that they were ready.
They told me that they were lucky.
They told me that they were happy.
They told me that they were early.
They told me that they were dying.
They told me that they were drunk.
They told me that they were dizzy.
They told me that they were broke.
They told me that they were bored.
They told me that they were angry.
They told me that they were alone.
They told me that they understood.
They told me that they plan to go.
They told me that they liked snow.
They told me that they liked rain.
They told me that they left early.
They told me that they felt tired.
They told me that they enjoyed it.
They told me that they didn't win.
They told me that they didn't cry.
They told me that they called you.
They told me they're very hungry.
They told me they're unimpressed.
They told me they're unconvinced.
They told me they're sympathetic.
They told me they're pessimistic.
They told me they're intoxicated.
They told me they're heartbroken.
They told me they're discouraged.
They told me they'd wait and see.
They told me they'd love to help.
They told me they'd look into it.
They told me they'd like to help.
They told me they'd do that, too.
They told me they'd do that soon.
They told me they'd call me back.
They told me they'd be back soon.
They told me they'd also do that.
They told me they weren't sleepy.
They told me they weren't hungry.
They told me they weren't coming.
They told me they weren't afraid.
They told me they were unmarried.
They told me they were uninsured.
They told me they were undecided.
They told me they were done, too.
They told me they were concerned.
They told me they were bilingual.
They told me they were at school.
They told me they studied French.
They told me they should do that.
They told me they saw that movie.
They told me they never did that.
They told me they needed to talk.
They told me they needed my help.
They told me they liked the idea.
They told me they liked swimming.
They told me they know the rules.
They told me they knew the rules.
They told me they heard gunshots.
They told me they had to do that.
They told me they had no regrets.
They told me they don't eat pork.
They told me they don't eat meat.
They told me they didn't do that.
They told me they did that wrong.
They told me that they're sleepy.
They told me that they're scared.
They told me that they're lonely.
They told me that they're afraid.
They told me that they'd help me.
They told me that they'd do that.
They told me that they'd call me.
They told me that they'd be late.
They told me that they'd be here.
They told me that they'd be fair.
They told me that they'd be back.
They told me that they were well.
They told me that they were sick.
They told me that they were safe.
They told me that they were rich.
They told me that they were poor.
They told me that they were next.
They told me that they were lost.
They told me that they were lazy.
They told me that they were glad.
They told me that they were full.
They told me that they were free.
They told me that they were fine.
They told me that they were done.
They told me that they were cold.
They told me that they were busy.
They told me that they should go.
They told me that they might win.
They told me that they had to go.
They told me that they felt weak.
They told me that they felt sick.
They told me that they felt safe.
They told me that they felt fine.
They told me that they felt cold.
They told me that they disagreed.
They never told me they loved me.
They told me they're unemployed.
They told me they're suspicious.
They told me they're interested.
They told me they're frightened.
They told me they'd wait for us.
They told me they'd sort it out.
They told me they'd be discreet.
They told me they wouldn't wait.
They told me they won't do that.
They told me they weren't upset.
They told me they weren't tired.
They told me they weren't sorry.
They told me they weren't happy.
They told me they weren't bored.
They told me they weren't angry.
They told me they weren't alone.
They told me they were worn out.
They told me they were unbiased.
They told me they were unafraid.
They told me they were mistaken.
They told me they were homeless.
They told me they were grateful.
They told me they were flexible.
They told me they were finished.
They told me they were famished.
They told me they were agnostic.
They told me they were Canadian.
They told me they plan on going.
They told me they might not win.
They told me they might do that.
They told me they liked my idea.
They told me they felt offended.
They told me they didn't get it.
They told me they couldn't walk.
They told me they couldn't wait.
They told me they could take it.
They told me they could help us.
They told me they could do that.
They told me they can't do that.
They told me they believed that.
They told me they aren't hungry.
They told me that they're upset.
They told me that they're tired.
They told me that they're ready.
They told me that they're broke.
They told me that they're bored.
They told me that they're alone.
They told me that they'd buy it.
They told me that they were shy.
They told me that they were sad.
They told me that they were mad.
They told me that they were hot.
They told me that they told you.
They told me that they liked it.
They told me that they knew you.
They told me that they felt hot.
They told me that they did that.
They just told me they loved me.
They told me they're terrified.
They told me they're skeptical.
They told me they're irritated.
They told me they're exhausted.
They told me they're depressed.
They told me they'd try to win.
They told me they'd look at it.
They told me they'd likely cry.
They told me they'd leave soon.
They told me they'd come again.
They told me they'd be careful.
They told me they wouldn't win.
They told me they wouldn't cry.
They told me they weren't sure.
They told me they weren't sick.
They told me they weren't busy.
They told me they were wounded.
They told me they were worried.
They told me they were working.
They told me they were wealthy.
They told me they were unlucky.
They told me they were unhappy.
They told me they were through.
They told me they were thirsty.
They told me they were stuffed.
They told me they were starved.
They told me they were serious.
They told me they were retired.
They told me they were puzzled.
They told me they were psyched.
They told me they were pleased.
They told me they were nervous.
They told me they were married.
They told me they were jealous.
They told me they were healthy.
They told me they were furious.
They told me they were excited.
They told me they were curious.
They told me they were certain.
They told me they were at home.
They told me they were annoyed.
They told me they were adopted.
They told me they tried to win.
They told me they speak French.
They told me they needed space.
They told me they needed money.
They told me they had to split.
They told me they had to leave.
They told me they had no money.
They told me they felt seasick.
They told me they didn't smoke.
They told me they didn't do it.
They told me they didn't agree.
They told me they could fix it.
They told me they ate too much.
They told me that they've done.
They told me that they're well.
They told me that they're safe.
They told me that they're last.
They told me that they're fine.
They told me that they're cold.
They told me that they'd leave.
They told me that they'd do it.
They told me that they'd cried.
They told me that they were OK.
They told me that they love me.
They told me they're unbiased.
They told me they're unafraid.
They told me they're ticklish.
They told me they're prepared.
They told me they'd walk home.
They told me they'd try again.
They told me they'd stay home.
They told me they'd done that.
They told me they'd been sick.
They told me they'd been busy.
They told me they'd be absent.
They told me they weren't mad.
They told me they were unhurt.
They told me they were strong.
They told me they were strict.
They told me they were sleepy.
They told me they were single.
They told me they were scared.
They told me they were lonely.
They told me they were hungry.
They told me they were afraid.
They told me they want to win.
They told me they want to die.
They told me they walked home.
They told me they may do that.
They told me they liked pizza.
They told me they felt hungry.
They told me they felt better.
They told me they didn't know.
They told me they could do it.
They told me that they're shy.
They told me that they'd wait.
They told me that they'd sing.
They told me that they'd lied.
They told me that they'd help.
They told me that they'd come.
They told me they're thirsty.
They told me they're starved.
They told me they're retired.
They told me they're puzzled.
They told me they're pleased.
They told me they're nervous.
They told me they're jealous.
They told me they'd call you.
They told me they'd be there.
They told me they'd be alone.
They told me they'd help us.
They told me they were wrong.
They told me they were upset.
They told me they were tired.
They told me they were tense.
They told me they were sorry.
They told me they were short.
They told me they were ready.
They told me they were lucky.
They told me they were happy.
They told me they were early.
They told me they were dying.
They told me they were drunk.
They told me they were dizzy.
They told me they were broke.
They told me they were bored.
They told me they were angry.
They told me they were alone.
They told me they understood.
They told me they plan to go.
They told me they liked snow.
They told me they liked rain.
They told me they left early.
They told me they felt tired.
They told me they enjoyed it.
They told me they didn't win.
They told me they didn't cry.
They told me they called you.
They told me that they'd won.
They told me that they'd win.
They told me that they'd try.
They told me that they cried.
They told me they're sleepy.
They told me they're scared.
They told me they're lonely.
They told me they're afraid.
They told me they'd help me.
They told me they'd do that.
They told me they'd call me.
They told me they'd be late.
They told me they'd be here.
They told me they'd be fair.
They told me they'd be back.
They told me they were well.
They told me they were sick.
They told me they were safe.
They told me they were rich.
They told me they were poor.
They told me they were next.
They told me they were lost.
They told me they were lazy.
They told me they were glad.
They told me they were full.
They told me they were free.
They told me they were fine.
They told me they were done.
They told me they were cold.
They told me they were busy.
They told me they should go.
They told me they might win.
They told me they had to go.
They told me they felt weak.
They told me they felt sick.
They told me they felt safe.
They told me they felt fine.
They told me they felt cold.
They told me they disagreed.
They told me they're upset.
They told me they're tired.
They told me they're ready.
They told me they're broke.
They told me they're bored.
They told me they're alone.
They told me they'd buy it.
They told me they were shy.
They told me they were sad.
They told me they were mad.
They told me they were hot.
They told me they told you.
They told me they liked it.
They told me they knew you.
They told me they felt hot.
They told me they did that.
They told me that they won.
They told me they've done.
They told me they're well.
They told me they're safe.
They told me they're last.
They told me they're fine.
They told me they're cold.
They told me they'd leave.
They told me they'd do it.
They told me they'd cried.
They told me they were OK.
They told me they love me.
They told me they're shy.
They told me they'd wait.
They told me they'd sing.
They told me they'd lied.
They told me they'd help.
They told me they'd come.
They told me they'd won.
They told me they'd win.
They told me they'd try.
They told me they cried.
They told me they won.
Tom and Mary told me to tell you they're OK.
Tom and Mary told me to tell you that they're OK.
Tom and Mary told me to tell you that they're fine.
They told me to tell you they're OK.
They told me to tell you that they're OK.
They told me to tell you they're fine.
They told me to tell you that they're fine.
Tom and Mary told us how they did that.
Tom and Mary told us about their trips.
Tom and Mary told the team they wanted to quit.
Tom and Mary told me why they were angry.
Tom and Mary told me why they needed my help.
Tom and Mary told me why they didn't win.
Tom and Mary told me why they couldn't win.
Tom and Mary told me to stay out of their way.
They told us how they did that.
They told us about their trip.
They told us about their trips.
They told me why they were late.
They told me why they were angry.
They told me why they needed my help.
They told me why they left early.
They told me why they didn't win.
They told me why they didn't do that.
They told me why they did that.
They told me why they couldn't win.
They told me why they couldn't do that.
They told me where they lived.
They told me what they saw.
They told me to stay out of their way.
Tom and Mary have told me that they want to do that.
Tom and Mary have told me that they need to do that.
Tom and Mary have told me that they have to do that.
Tom and Mary have told me that they won't do that.
Tom and Mary have told me that they can't do that.
Tom and Mary have told me that they want to win.
Tom and Mary have told me that they can do that.
Tom and Mary have told me that they'll do that.
Tom and Mary have told me that they can't win.
Tom and Mary have told me that they can swim.
Tom and Mary have told me that they can win.
Tom and Mary have told me they want to win.
Tom and Mary have told me they can't win.
Tom and Mary have told me they can swim.
Tom and Mary have told me they can win.
They've told me that they want to do that.
They've told me that they need to do that.
They've told me that they have to do that.
They've told me that they won't do that.
They've told me that they can't do that.
They've told me that they want to win.
They've told me that they can do that.
They've told me they want to do that.
They've told me they need to do that.
They've told me they have to do that.
They've told me that they'll do that.
They've told me that they can't win.
They've told me they won't do that.
They've told me they can't do that.
They've told me that they can swim.
They've told me that they can win.
They've told me they want to win.
They've told me they can do that.
They've told me they'll do that.
They've told me they can't win.
They've told me they can swim.
They've told me they can win.
Tom and Mary told me their secret.
Tom and Mary told me their secrets.
Tom and Mary told me how to get to their house.
Tom and Mary told me how to get to their houses.
Tom and Mary told me how they got their nicknames.
Tom and Mary told me about their trips.
Tom and Mary told me about their new jobs.
They told me their secret.
They told me their secrets.
They told me it was their fault.
They told me how to get to their house.
They told me how to get to their houses.
They told me how they got their nicknames.
They told me about what they saw.
They told me about their trip.
They told me about their trips.
They told me about their new jobs.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were unemployed.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were suspicious.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were interested.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were skeptical.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were exhausted.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were depressed.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were unafraid.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were ticklish.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were prepared.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were thirsty.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were starved.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were retired.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were pleased.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were nervous.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were jealous.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were sleepy.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were scared.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were lonely.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were afraid.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were unemployed.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were suspicious.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were interested.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were unemployed.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were suspicious.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were interested.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were upset.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were tired.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were ready.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were broke.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were bored.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were skeptical.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were exhausted.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were depressed.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were skeptical.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were exhausted.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were depressed.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were well.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were safe.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were fine.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were done.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were cold.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were unafraid.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were ticklish.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were prepared.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were unafraid.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were ticklish.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were prepared.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were thirsty.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were starved.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were retired.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were pleased.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were nervous.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were jealous.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were adopted.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were thirsty.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were starved.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were retired.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were pleased.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were nervous.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were jealous.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were sleepy.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were scared.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were lonely.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were afraid.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were sleepy.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were scared.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were lonely.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were afraid.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were upset.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were tired.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were ready.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were broke.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were bored.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were upset.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were tired.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were ready.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were broke.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were bored.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were well.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were safe.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were fine.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were done.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were cold.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were well.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were safe.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were fine.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were done.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were cold.
They told everyone that they were unemployed.
They told everyone that they were suspicious.
They told everyone that they were interested.
They told everyone that they were skeptical.
They told everyone that they were exhausted.
They told everyone that they were depressed.
They told everyone that they were unafraid.
They told everyone that they were ticklish.
They told everyone that they were prepared.
They told everyone that they were thirsty.
They told everyone that they were starved.
They told everyone that they were retired.
They told everyone that they were pleased.
They told everyone that they were nervous.
They told everyone that they were jealous.
They told everyone that they were sleepy.
They told everyone that they were scared.
They told everyone that they were lonely.
They told everyone that they were afraid.
They told everybody they were unemployed.
They told everybody they were suspicious.
They told everybody they were interested.
They told everyone they were unemployed.
They told everyone they were suspicious.
They told everyone they were interested.
They told everyone that they were upset.
They told everyone that they were tired.
They told everyone that they were ready.
They told everyone that they were broke.
They told everyone that they were bored.
They told everybody they were skeptical.
They told everybody they were exhausted.
They told everybody they were depressed.
They told everyone they were skeptical.
They told everyone they were exhausted.
They told everyone they were depressed.
They told everyone that they were well.
They told everyone that they were safe.
They told everyone that they were fine.
They told everyone that they were done.
They told everyone that they were cold.
They told everybody they were unafraid.
They told everybody they were ticklish.
They told everybody they were prepared.
They told everyone they were unafraid.
They told everyone they were ticklish.
They told everyone they were prepared.
They told everybody they were thirsty.
They told everybody they were starved.
They told everybody they were retired.
They told everybody they were pleased.
They told everybody they were nervous.
They told everybody they were jealous.
They told everybody they were adopted.
They told everyone they were thirsty.
They told everyone they were starved.
They told everyone they were retired.
They told everyone they were pleased.
They told everyone they were nervous.
They told everyone they were jealous.
They told everybody they were sleepy.
They told everybody they were scared.
They told everybody they were lonely.
They told everybody they were afraid.
They told everyone they were sleepy.
They told everyone they were scared.
They told everyone they were lonely.
They told everyone they were afraid.
They told everybody they were upset.
They told everybody they were tired.
They told everybody they were ready.
They told everybody they were broke.
They told everybody they were bored.
They told everyone they were upset.
They told everyone they were tired.
They told everyone they were ready.
They told everyone they were broke.
They told everyone they were bored.
They told everybody they were well.
They told everybody they were safe.
They told everybody they were fine.
They told everybody they were done.
They told everybody they were cold.
They told everyone they were well.
They told everyone they were safe.
They told everyone they were fine.
They told everyone they were done.
They told everyone they were cold.
We weren't ready for what happened.
Tom was surprised by Mary.
Tom lied to us again.
I was invited to the opening ceremony.
Tom has been quiet all day.
Tom was really crazy.
I wasn't invited to the opening ceremony.
Tom seems very opinionated.
Tom was quiet all day.
We weren't invited to the opening ceremony.
Tom was fined for speeding.
Tom was ready to jump.
We've been invited to the opening ceremony.
Tom was first one to leave.
Tom wasn't in a hurry.
I wasn't ready for what was about to happen.
Tom was unfriendly to Mary.
Why do they always wear white shirts?
Why does Taninna want to kill us?
Why do they want to see Yidir?
Why does he want to sell it?
Why does he want me to leave?
Why do they want to meet Yidir?
Nietzsche said: Man is something that shall be overcome.
Why does he want one of those?
Why does she want one of those?
Men created God to avoid killing each other.
To live without hope is to cease to live.
I won't pay for that.
Why do they want to work here?
Why does he want to commit suicide?
Why does he have Yidir's keys?
Why does she have Yidir's keys?
Why does he have to do that?
Why does he think this is happening?
Why does she think Yidir did that?
Why does she think Yidir is here?
Why does Taninna always wear that hat?
Why does she keep calling me Yidir?
Why are they speaking in Tamazight?
Why do they speak in Berber?
Why are they speaking in Berber?
Why does he hate the French so much?
Why does he hate Paris so much?
Why does he have so many enemies?
Why does he want to go fishing?
Why does he hang out with Yidir?
Why does she need one of those?
Why does he even care about this?
Why does she look so tired today?
Why does he want to stop here?
Why does he want me to stop?
You're killing it.
Tom is killing it.
Tom is really killing it.
Tom really killed it.
The dog marked its territory.
The dog is marking its territory.
Dogs mark their territories by urinating.
Don't switch the subject.
Tom had a hard time keeping a straight face.
Tom falls for it every time.
Thank you for agreeing to see me.
Tom's here, right?
Tom's here, isn't he?
Tom is here, right?
Tom stared at me as if I was out of my mind.
Tom moved to a new place.
Tom moved to a new city.
Tom moved to a new neighborhood.
Tom moved to a new neighbourhood.
I shat in your milk.
Tom has many influential friends.
Tom spoke in riddles.
Mary often speaks in riddles.
Let's go in the stairwell so we can talk.
Tom and Mary talked in the stairwell.
Tom and Mary kissed in the stairwell.
That's the right thing to do.
That was the right thing to do.
Let's go in the staircase so we can talk.
Tom and Mary talked in the staircase.
Tom and Mary kissed in the staircase.
Tom bought a book.
You could have just told us.
Tom had a five o'clock shadow.
Tom sported a five o'clock shadow.
Tom often speaks in riddles.
You could have just told me.
You could have just told him.
You could have just told Tom.
You could have just told her.
You could have just told them.
Aliens will land on Earth.
Tom didn't answer because he didn't know what to say.
You need to smile more.
I don't like smiling.
You don't have to blame yourself for that.
I'm looking for an ATM.
I'm looking for a cashpoint.
I'm looking for a cash machine.
Tom did as Mary suggested.
He did as she suggested.
Tom wiped his face with a towel.
Tom read the license agreement.
Tom didn't read the license agreement.
Tom agreed to the license agreement without reading it.
Tom read the terms of use.
Tom read the terms of service.
Tom clicked the checkbox.
Tom agreed to the end user license agreement without reading it.
Tom agreed to the EULA without reading it.
Tom ran his hand back through his hair.
Tom ran one hand back through his hair.
Upsy-daisy! Up you go.
Tom turned the valve.
Tom tried to impress his new boss.
Mary tried to impress her new boss.
And did you uncover that only now?
Tom walked nonchalantly.
I think you need to tell Tom what happened.
I think it's best if you tell Tom.
But you seem to like that.
But it seems that you like it.
The portions are enormous.
The portions are huge.
Denver, Colorado is known as the mile-high city.
Tom neatly folded the paper.
Tom neatly folded the letter and slipped it into the envelope.
We're not in the nineties anymore.
Tom flunked out of med school.
Tom flunked out of law school.
Her mouth went dry.
Mary's mouth went dry.
Mary's heart fluttered.
Mary's heart fluttered at the sight of Tom.
Mary's heart fluttered at the sight of him.
Mary's mouth went dry at the sight of him.
Mary's mouth went dry at the sight of Tom.
The old man doesn't listen to anyone.
Tom is a charming old man.
Tom is a charming young man.
I was surprised at the answer.
Tom was surprised at the answer.
All the ingredients are organic.
Tom grated the cheese.
Tom crushed the garlic.
What were you and Tom laughing about?
That's what mothers are for.
That's what brothers are for.
That's what sisters are for.
Tom led Mary onto the dance floor.
Mary led Tom onto the dance floor.
Tom can't stay mad for long.
Tom's request took Mary by surprise.
Mary's request took her mother by surprise.
I can make you something to eat.
Why did you leave early?
I'll spare you the nitty gritty.
Mary wondered if Tom was attracted to her.
Mary sometimes wondered if Tom was attracted to her.
Tom wondered if Mary was attracted to him.
Remove your blindfold.
Why didn't you tell Tom we're just friends?
Why didn't you tell her we're just friends?
"How is it going?" "Out of the frying pan, into the fire."
Do you still trust her?
Do you still trust him?
"What job did you do for her?" "I often read to her."
"What do you mean by being absent for the whole week?" "I had to stay at home." "What for?" "To be with my mother, who was sick."
I used my savings to buy it.
"That was a holy and laudable service; if only everyone studied the word of God in this way. But what, did you do nothing else?" "As often as necessary, I attended her with the maid."
"Take it, please, but where will you get it from in order to return it so soon?" "After supper I will go home, and ask my mother." "What if she won't give it to you?" "She won't delay when I show her the book."
"How old are you?" "Why do you want to know?"
The words "knight and "night" are homophones.
She read the letter I left on the desk.
I don't mean that, but someone who laughs alone, I've often heard, is either a fool or up to some mischief.
"There won't be any need, I hope." "But you don't know what will happen."
"How?" "I will lend you money in turn."
"Will you give me the loan back then?" "Don't doubt it, but if you need more, I will not only pay it back, but return the favour."
"His arrival, I hope, will make you richer." "I shall be richer than Croesus, if he comes with plenty of money."
"I wonder why you didn't stay at home given that he is coming." "He wouldn't have allowed it, nor would I want to, as the lesson is to be heard."
"What else did you do for him?" "I pulled off his boots and greaves."
"How money do you have?" "A penny and a half; how much do you have?" "Not as much." "How much then?" "One penny."
"Will you lend it to me?" "I need it?" "For what?" "To buy paper."
"I will give it back today." "You should have added, 'with God's help'."
"So the master teaches from God's words, but I can't get used to it." "Get used to it."
"You give me good advice." "As you would give me."
"But coming back to the point, will you lend me that penny?" "I do wonder about you asking to borrow from me, given that you have more than me."
"There is a scholar passing this way who is offering a book for sale." "So what then?" "I wanted to buy it, because he's offering it cheaper than our bookseller."
However much you have, you will want more.
The evildoer hates the light.
The fear of God is the start of wisdom.
That makes your mouth water.
Once said, a word cannot be taken back.
Why are you laughing at me?
What kind of wood is this dining table made of?
They must be mad.
I think it's time I went home.
I want to go round to see Tom.
I am so afraid.
I can't sleep now.
He should show me respect.
You must show respect.
But wait! Didn't you do anything else?
Come on, you're pulling my leg.
What do you mean by being absent the whole week?
I got money from my father today if you happen to need any.
What if she won't give it to you?
I've no desire to defend myself.
Whatever you want you can have.
Ive made mistakes, but I try to be a good man.
I wish all of you well.
May you all be loved, fulfilled, and happy beyond your wildest dreams.
May you all be loved, fulfilled, and happy beyond your wildest dreams!
I hope that Ive somehow helped other people, even if at my own expense.
Im not sure what you would want from me, but youre welcome to it.
Can I be of help at all?
I'll answer your questions with complete honesty.
Can you hear me well enough?
I hope you can all hear me well. That is the point after all.
Brussels sprouts are bitter.
Brussels is in Belgium.
Tom is very well known.
I wasn't ready for what was going to happen.
Tom isn't exactly an expert.
Tom is very upset again.
We weren't ready for what was about to happen.
Tom was accused of stealing.
Tom was in high spirits.
We weren't ready for what was going to happen.
Tom is slim.
We went home.
Tom feels bad.
We're growing.
Tom is sexist.
Driving is fun.
Tom came first.
I hate waiting.
Tom made bread.
Surfing is fun.
Tom might know.
Tom works late.
We were scared.
Tom will resign.
We were stupid.
Tom greeted Mary.
We didn't worry.
Tom has a glider.
Where's your cat?
Tom isn't insane.
Where's your son?
Tom wrote a book.
I feel invincible.
Tom carries a gun.
That's a nice car.
Why does she want to leave Algiers?
Why does she think I did that?
Why does she like living in Algiers?
Why does she hate dogs so much?
Why does she like Algiers so much?
Why does she hate France this much?
Why does she blame me for what happened?
Why does she want to be a doctor?
Why does she want an old car?
Why does she want to do this anyway?
Why does she want to dress like that?
Why does she want to join the navy?
Why does she want to go home early?
Why does she have to go to Algiers?
I often wish I could go back and do things differently.
Why does she always ask so many questions?
Why does she need such a big house?
Theres much guilt about everything.
Im not here by chance or by accident.
There's no need to impress anyone.
Why does she want to talk to Yidir?
Its not out of desperation
Its acceptance of whatever shall be
Why does she need to do this?
Why does she want to be a teacher?
Why does she want to see my passport?
Why does she want to live in Algeria?
Why doesn't she want to do this?
Why does she want me to do this?
Why does she have only one glove on?
Why do they want Yidir to do that?
Why does she always do this to Yidir?
Why does she always speak French to me?
He isn't young but old.
Why does Yidir need to go to Algiers?
Why does she have to do this now?
Why does she do that that way?
Why does she stay at home on Tuesdays?
Why does she have to go to France?
Why does she need to go to France?
Why does she want to go to Russia?
Why does he spend so much time watching TV?
Why does she always seem to want to argue?
Why does she want to go see Yidir?
Why is she always so mean?
Why does she always have to be so mean?
Why does she always have to be so cruel?
Why does she want to waste time doing that?
Why does she want to buy that for Yidir?
If you don't know what a word means, look it up in a dictionary.
Why does she still permit Yidir to do that?
Why does she have to go to Yidir's?
Why does she want to do that so much?
Why does she have a knife in her hand?
Why does she keep asking me the same question?
Why do they want to go back to Russia?
Why does she want to be alone all the time?
Why does she hang out with Yidir all the time?
Why do they need to go to Algiers this week?
Why does she let Yidir do this to her?
Why does she need to be there at 3:00?
Why does she suspect it was Yidir who did that?
Why does she need to go to Russia next week?
I'll be home late today.
Why doesn't she ever do what I tell her to do?
Why did she quit?
Why did she cry?
Why did she stop?
Why did she stay?
Why did she run?
Why did she hesitate?
Why did she leave?
Why did she agree?
Why did she yell?
Why did she come?
Why did she call?
Why did she cheat?
Why did she come early?
Why did she run away?
Why did she kill Yidir?
Why did she dump me?
Why did she back away?
Why did he back away?
Why did she tell Yidir?
Why did she pick Yidir?
Why did she pick me?
Why did he get involved?
Why did she come back?
Why did she buy this?
Why did she give up?
Why did she help me?
Why did she stop talking?
The Trail of Tears was traveled by many Indians. Some made it, others did not. Those that did realized their fate and all was lost.
After much resistance even the battle tested warrior realized their horse was not match in the battles that would surely come. They had no means to match the overwhelming and surmountable odds they faced.
Why did she leave us?
Why did she invite Yidir?
Why did she move out?
Why did she stop by?
Why did she sell it?
Everyone was having a great time.
Tom and Mary were having a great time.
We all sang "Happy Birthday."
There is an infinite number of numbers.
Everyone was having a great time, until Tom showed up.
Tom flew into a rage.
Tom flew into an uncontrollable rage.
Tom stared at his plate.
Mary stared at her plate.
Mary stared at her food on her plate.
Mary stared at the food on her plate.
I'm not feeling very hungry.
Tom was not feeling very hungry.
Tom stared at the food on his plate.
Tom stared at the food on Mary's plate.
Tom's plate was piled high with food.
The plate was piled high with food.
Tom piled his plate high with food.
The boys piled their plates high with food.
Tom piled his plate high.
Tom and Mary piled their plates high with food.
Tom smiled and nodded approvingly.
Do you care about her?
Do you care about him?
Tom grabbed a plate.
There was a long silence between them.
Don't you ever get jealous?
Tom set the plates down on the table.
What's on the menu today?
Mary's father escorted her down the aisle.
Tom is a reality-TV star.
They demolished the old temple to build a skyscraper.
Everyone was laughing and having a great time.
Don't wander off.
Don't wander off in the forest.
Tom wandered off in the forest.
Tom wandered off in the forest and met an enchanted squirrel.
Tom wandered off in the forest and was eaten by a wolf.
I'm sorry for being so stupid.
Falling in love is exciting, but it can be a bit scary.
We both have the same interests.
Tom and Mary both have the same interests.
Tom's computer froze.
Tom is an endurance athlete.
Tom married his first love.
Mary married her first love.
It was a bit scary at first.
Tom and Mary started a band.
Tom was an excellent student.
Tom was bitten by a snake while he was on vacation.
Tom travelled all around the world with his pet squirrel.
Tom sprung to Mary's defense.
Thanks for your encouragement.
Mary tried to discredit Alice.
Mary spread false rumors about Alice.
Mary is jealous of Alice.
I learned a lot from her.
Mary's eyes flashed angrily.
Tom's eyes flashed angrily.
Mary's eyes flashed with anger.
Tom's eyes flashed with anger.
Mary's eyes flashed with anger when she saw Alice.
Mary's eyes flashed with anger when she saw Alice walking down the street with Tom.
Mary was a headstrong child.
I pity your future husband.
I pity your future wife.
Tom slung his arm around Mary's shoulders.
Nobody asked for your help.
No one asked for your help.
Give feedback on this Facebook post.
This brings back so many memories.
Please don't freak out.
Promise you won't freak out.
Tom lives in a studio apartment.
Tom likes model trains.
Tom has a model train set.
Tom has a model train set in his basement.
Tom bought a model train set for his son.
Thanks but no thanks.
I'm learning Arabic.
I'm determined to learn.
I'm currently learning Esperanto.
I'm learning two foreign languages.
Do you have another solution?
I have another solution.
That sometimes happens.
I could use the money.
They sold like hotcakes.
The products sold like hotcakes.
The hotcakes sold like hotcakes.
The products flew off the shelves.
They flew off the shelves.
What do you fear the most?
I wouldn't trade places with anyone.
I wouldn't trade places with anyone in the world.
I can't believe you're actually doing this.
I can't believe we're actually doing this.
I can't believe Tom is actually doing this.
Neither the flowers nor the earth showed any sign of having been disturbed, nor were there any marks upon the narrow strip of grass which separated the house from the road.
He took the utmost pains to assure that he was not followed.
Holmes knowledge of the byways of London was extraordinary.
Tom didn't pay us.
That's a nice hat.
Tom got undressed.
That's a nice tie.
Tom is really fat.
Those are my sons.
Tom played soccer.
We must try again.
Tom, are you busy?
Why do people lie?
Is that Tom's wife?
Did you write this?
This is Tom's wife.
That's my daughter.
Tom didn't find me.
We're not geniuses.
Tom doesn't pay us.
Where's your horse?
Tom is pretty weak.
Where's your uncle?
Tom is the culprit.
Windsurfing is fun.
I don't really enjoy playing poker.
Are those your sons?
Tom started to eat.
Is that your father?
Tom will hate this.
We won't bother you.
Tom can go tomorrow.
What's in the boxes?
We emerged at last into a small road, lined with old, gloomy houses.
He turned swiftly down a narrow passage, passed through a wooden gate into a deserted yard, and then opened with a key the back door of a house. We entered together, and he closed it behind us.
Tom is the most dangerous man in Boston.
Holmes cold, thin fingers closed round my wrist and led me forwards down a long hall, until I dimly saw the murky fanlight over the door.
It was evident to me that he was becoming uneasy, and that his plans were not working out altogether as he had hoped.
At last, as midnight approached and the street gradually cleared, he paced up and down the room in uncontrollable agitation.
A door opened and shut. An instant later steps crept down the passagesteps which were meant to be silent, but which reverberated harshly through the empty house.
Holmes crouched back against the wall and I did the same, my hand closing upon the handle of my revolver.
Peering through the gloom, I saw the vague outline of a man, a shade blacker than the blackness of the open door.
He stood for an instant, and then he crept forward, crouching, menacing, into the room.
The man seemed to be beside himself with excitement.
His two eyes shone like stars.
His eyes shone like stars.
Her eyes shone like stars.
Tom's eyes shone like stars.
Mary's eyes shone like stars.
He was an elderly man, with a thin, projecting nose, a high, bald forehead, and a huge grizzled moustache.
An opera hat was pushed to the back of his head, and an evening dress shirt-front gleamed out through his open overcoat.
Then, crouching down, he rested the end of the barrel upon the ledge of the open window.
I saw his long moustache droop over the stock and his eye gleam as it peered along the sights.
For an instant he was rigid and motionless. Then his finger tightened on the trigger.
At that instant Holmes sprang like a tiger on to the marksmans back, and hurled him flat upon his face.
The man was up again in a moment, and with convulsive strength he seized Holmes by the throat, but I struck him on the head with the butt of my revolver, and he dropped again upon the floor.
My comrade blew a shrill call upon a whistle. There was the clatter of running feet upon the pavement, and two policemen in uniform, with one plain-clothes detective, rushed through the front entrance and into the room.
Already a few loiterers had begun to collect in the street.
Holmes stepped up to the window, closed it, and dropped the blinds.
With the brow of a philosopher above and the jaw of a sensualist below, the man must have started with great capacities for good or for evil.
One could not look upon his cruel blue eyes, with their drooping, cynical lids, or upon the fierce, aggressive nose and the threatening, deep-lined brow, without reading Natures plainest danger-signals.
He took no heed of any of us, but his eyes were fixed upon Holmes face with an expression in which hatred and amazement were equally blended.
You fiend! he kept on muttering, you clever, clever fiend!
Ah, Colonel! said Holmes, arranging his rumpled collar.
With that exception, all has gone as I expected.
"Journeys end in lovers' meetings," as the old play says.
Nothing further you have to say, Mr. Holmes, before we go?
Well, thats reasonable enough, said Lestrade.
Holmes had picked up the powerful air-gun from the floor, and was examining its mechanism. "An admirable and unique weapon," said he, "noiseless and of tremendous power."
That's reasonable enough.
That's a reasonable offer.
What Tom suggested was reasonable.
I knew Von Herder, the blind German mechanic, who constructed it to the order of the late Professor Moriarty.
They sell computers at very reasonable prices at that store.
Our old chambers had been left unchanged.
That's a reasonable concern.
There are several points which I should like to discuss with you.
That's perfectly reasonable.
He was the best shot in India, and I expect that there are few better in London.
Tom is the best shot in Boston.
We waited a reasonable amount of time and then left.
It would've been reasonable for Tom to have done that.
Tom's plan sounded much more reasonable than Mary's.
Tom's plan sounded much more reasonable than Mary's plan.
The police had no reasonable cause to search my car.
He was always a man of iron nerve, and the story is still told in India how he crawled down a drain after a wounded man-eating tiger.
Tom's request seemed reasonable.
It's reasonable to assume that Tom was the one who did that.
Any reasonable person knows that it's not a good idea to do something like that.
We've had reasonable success with this strategy.
I believe that on the day of the murder Adair had discovered that Moran was cheating. Very likely he had spoken to him privately, and had threatened to expose him unless he voluntarily resigned his membership of the club, and promised not to play cards again.
I got this car for a very reasonable price.
Colonel Moran will trouble us no more.
A reasonable person wouldn't have done that.
The famous air-gun of Von Herder will embellish the Scotland Yard Museum, and once again Mr. Sherlock Holmes is free to devote his life to examining those interesting little problems which the complex life of London so plentifully presents.
From the point of view of the criminal expert, said Mr. Sherlock Holmes, London has become a singularly uninteresting city since the death of the late lamented Professor Moriarty.
I can hardly think that you would find many decent citizens to agree with you, I answered.
It's just as I suspected.
At the time of which I speak, Holmes had been back for some months, and I at his request had sold my practice and returned to share the old quarters in Baker Street.
Mr. Sherlock Holmes was leaning back in his chair and was unfolding his morning paper in a leisurely fashion, when our attention was arrested by a tremendous ring at the bell, followed immediately by a hollow drumming sound, as if someone were beating on the outer door with his fist.
As the door opened there came a tumultuous rush into the hall, rapid feet clattered up the stair, and an instant later a wild-eyed and frantic young man, pale, dishevelled, and palpitating, burst into the room.
He looked from one to the other of us, and under our gaze of inquiry he became conscious that some apology was needed for this unceremonious entry.
I am the most unfortunate man at this moment in London.
"On what charge do you expect to be arrested?" "Upon the charge of murdering Mr. Jonas Oldacre, of Lower Norwood."
Dear me, said he, it was only this moment at breakfast that I was saying to my friend, Dr. Watson, that sensational cases had disappeared out of our papers.
Our visitor stretched forward a quivering hand and picked up the Daily Telegraph, which still lay upon Holmes knee.
I have been followed from London Bridge Station, and I am sure that they are only waiting for the warrant to arrest me. It will break my mothers heartit will break her heart!
He wrung his hands in an agony of apprehension, and swayed backwards and forwards in his chair.
I looked with interest upon this man, who was accused of being the perpetrator of a crime of violence.
He was flaxen-haired and handsome, in a washed-out negative fashion, with frightened blue eyes, and a clean-shaven face, with a weak, sensitive mouth.
His age may have been about twenty-seven, his dress and bearing that of a gentleman.
Mr. Oldacre is a bachelor, fifty-two years of age, and lives in Deep Dene House.
He has had the reputation of being a man of eccentric habits, secretive and retiring.
It is rumoured as we go to press that Mr. John Hector McFarlane has actually been arrested on the charge of the murder of Mr. Jonas Oldacre.
Charred remains have been found among the charcoal ashes of the fire.
The police theory is that a most sensational crime has been committed, that the victim was clubbed to death in his own bedroom, his papers rifled, and his dead body dragged across to the wood-stack, which was then ignited so as to hide all traces of the crime.
The conduct of the criminal investigation has been left in the experienced hands of Inspector Lestrade, of Scotland Yard, who is following up the clues with his accustomed energy and sagacity.
Sherlock Holmes listened with closed eyes and finger-tips together to this remarkable account.
Nothing seemed to go right.
At the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month -- precisely years after fighting halted in the first world war -- leaders from more than nations -- the majority of countries that sent troops or workers to the Western Front -- gathered at the Arc de Triomphe to remember the millions who died in the conflict.
French President Emmanuel Macron, at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier under the arch, lit the eternal flame that is rekindled every night at the memorial engraved with the words: "Here rests a French soldier who died for the nation."
In his address, Macron spoke of the sacrifices of lives made a century ago in the four years of carnage in Europe.
Patriotism is the exact opposite of nationalism, said Macron. Nationalism is a betrayal of patriotism.
"Old demons are reawakening, ready to sow chaos and death," warned Macron. "History sometimes threatens to repeat its tragic patterns and undermine the legacy of peace we thought we had sealed with the blood of our ancestors."
Macron, later on Sunday, hosted a peace forum, which the German chancellor says is meant to demonstrate efforts to do everything to bring a more peaceful order to the world, even though we know we still have much work to do."
French President Emmanuel Macron pays his respects by the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier during a commemoration ceremony for Armistice Day, years after the end of the World War I, at the Arc de Triomphe, in Paris, Nov. 11, 2018.
French President Emmanuel Macron lights up with children the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier under the Arc de Triomphe during ceremonies, Nov. 11, in Paris.
French President Emmanuel Macron delivers a speech before a lunch at the Elysee Palace, during commemorations for Armistice Day, years after the end of World War One, in Paris, France, Nov. 11, 2018.
No soldier from the war is known to still be alive but their voices were present through high school students reading their letters written at the front on this day a century ago.
U.S. Army Capt. Charles Normington wrote that "each soldier had his arms full of French girls, some crying, others laughing; each girl had to kiss every soldier before she would let him pass. There is nowhere on earth I would rather be."
West Point cadets pose before a commemoration ceremony for Armistice Day, years after the end of the First World War at the Arc de Triomphe in Paris, France, Nov. 11, 2018.
"Finally, the whir of the shells and the whistling of the bullets are over," wrote French infantryman Alfred Roumiguieres.
The four years of battles in trenches was intended as the British and Americans idealistically insisted to be the war to end all wars. But little more than years later global conflict would again erupt with casualties on an unprecedented scale.
An American delegation led by Chief of Staff General John Kelly and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joe Dunford visited the Aisne-Marne American Cemetery and Memorial under gray skies and drizzle, paying respect to the nearly 2,war dead buried at the site of the June Battle of Belleau Wood.
Images were broadcast of French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel holding hands at the site in the Compiegne Forest, north of the capital, where allies and defeated Germans signed the agreement that ended the war.
The United States is observing Veterans Day on Sunday, the annual day it stops to remember the millions of men and women who have served in the country's armed forces, often at the sacrifice of their own lives.
In his Veterans Day message, former president Barack Obama tweeted, To all our veterans and your families: thank you. There's no tribute that can truly match the magnitude of your service and sacrifice. But all of us can do our best to live up to the American values of service, responsibility, generosity, and citizenship that you helped defend, he added.
In the U.S., Veterans Day was originally called Armistice Day, to commemorate the end of World War I, but Congress passed a resolution in for an annual observance.
November each year became a national holiday beginning in 1938, with this year's official observance on Monday since the actual date fell on a weekend this year.
Tom got drunk again.
Where are your cats?
Tom had a hard week.
Where are your dogs?
Tom has a black car.
Where are your sons?
Tom has a new hobby.
Is that your brother?
Tom is really heavy.
Is that your husband?
Tom looks dangerous.
That's what you need.
Tom's hair is black.
Those are my parents.
Does Tom live nearby?
We have to try again.
Is that Tom's father?
We need to try again.
Is that Tom's sister?
I can't tolerate that.
Tom should read this.
That's Mary's husband.
Tom told us to do it.
This is what you need.
Tom vouched for Mary.
We were eating apples.
That's not mine. It's my wife's.
That isn't mine. It's my wife's.
This car isn't mine. It's Tom's.
We couldn't save Tom.
Where are your horses?
Where are your uncles?
We should inform Tom.
Where's your grandson?
Why did Tom hesitate?
Why do you want a car?
Are those your parents?
Does Tom know the way?
Is that Mary's husband?
Does Tom like sailing?
This is Mary's husband.
I was inspired by Tom.
We can't tolerate that.
Tom denies everything.
Where are your sisters?
Tom has three options.
Why did you need to go?
Tom is a busy man now.
Why did you want to go?
I think he is smart enough to understand it.
I don't think that Tom will be worried about us.
Tom owns a glider.
Where's your aunt?
Tom's room stinks.
I'm comfortable now.
Why does Tom work?
Where are your aunts?
Tom wanted our help.
I found the work easy.
Tom is having a beer.
Are those your children?
Tom is over his cold.
Driving is a lot of fun.
Why did she get so angry?
Why did she open the box?
Why did she go to Algiers?
Why did she buy the flowers?
Why did she buy a flower?
Why did she come here today?
Why did she quit her job?
Why did she lock the door?
Why did she leave the room?
Why did he come over here?
Why did she bring a gun?
Why did she start learning Berber?
Why did she start learning Tamazight?
Why did she start studying Berber?
Why did she start studying Tamazight?
Why did she leave Yidir alone?
Why did she disobey my order?
Why did she come this early?
Why did she do all this?
Why did she make that deal?
Why did she take a cab?
That's her horse.
Why did she take this job?
Why is she lying to Yidir?
Why did you come to Algiers?
Why did she come in here?
Why did she let this happen?
Why did she ask this question?
Why did she give it up?
Why did she give herself up?
Why did she buy this one?
Why did she stay with Yidir?
Why did she tell me that?
Why did she tell Yidir that?
Why did she tell Yidir first?
Why did she let Yidir go?
Why did she come here tonight?
Why did she lie to us?
Why did she decide to stay?
Why did she sell her car?
Why did she have to go?
Why did she bring Yidir here?
Why did she buy that one?
Why did she ask for it?
Why did she take my umbrella?
Why did she get me this?
Why did she lie to them?
Why did she call him that?
Why did she ask me that?
Why did she change the subject?
Why did she want my number?
Why did she wait so long?
Why did she come back here?
They do that faster than Tom.
They have to start doing that.
Life began in water.
Two thirds of the human body is made up of water.
When water gets to a temperature of 100C, it starts to boil.
We know that global warming is caused by human actions.
A political opponent is not an enemy; they're a partner in political debate.
Who do you want to talk to first?
What they did made Tom happy.
What they did made Tom cry.
I am horny.
It's been a long time since I've written letters to someone.
I don't impose my opinion onto anyone.
I'm staying in bed, because it's too cold outside.
I should've done this by now.
I would never use a previously used tissue again.
I got my first computer when I was thirteen.
It's a critical situation.
He was in charge of copyediting the paper.
Tom seemed confused by Mary's answer.
Deadly wildfires raged Monday at several sites in California, with authorities saying people have been killed, while another are missing.
In the vast state along the Pacific Ocean, officials said that 150,residents have been displaced as high winds and tinder-dry conditions have helped fuel blazes that have torched more than 1,square kilometers of forest lands, residential communities and business districts.
Twenty-nine of the deaths occurred in a northern California fire that destroyed the town of Paradise and is still only percent contained.
California Governor Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency and asked for financial aid from the federal government in Washington.
How much did all the candy you ate last week cost?
Tom's neighbor will take care for his children while he's away.
Tom will take care for Mary's children while she's away.
I've asked Tom to take care of my children while I'm in Boston.
I haven't written a letter to anyone in a long time.
I haven't written a letter to Tom in a long time.
I haven't written Tom a letter in a long time.
I haven't written Tom in a long time.
I'm not going to pay for that.
I'll pay for that.
I'll buy you that.
I should've done this already.
I should've done this yesterday.
I plan to stay in bed all day and read a book.
I didn't think that Tom would be so depressed.
Like many millennials, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, 29, cannot afford to pay the rent in Washington, D.C.
But Ocasio-Cortez isn't your average twenty-something. The New Yorker was just elected to the U.S. Congress, where she will earn an annual salary of $174,000.
Rent has increased percent over the past years, but incomes for younger Americans have only gone up percent.
Almost percent of non-student millennials rely on financial help from family to cover their rents, according to the study.
The average cost to rent a one-bedroom apartment in Washington, D.C. is $1,343.
A cool breeze blew in through the window.
A cold breeze blew in through the window.
Tom refused our help.
I forgot to feed my dog.
Tom waited with Mary.
I've never won anything.
These are Tom's boots.
Sailing is a lot of fun.
Tom behaved foolishly.
Surfing is a lot of fun.
Tom nodded discreetly.
We can't take that risk.
Tom washed Mary's car.
We'll get a lot of help.
We need to inform Tom.
Why do you need a knife?
This is what Tom needs.
Tom clicked the link.
Tom clicked the hyperlink.
I hate those.
It's pissing down.
I met her.
She was white.
He was white.
I went to Austria, but I didn't see any kangaroos.
He arrested the thief.
She always fulfills her promises.
Turn them on.
I like going to concerts.
Why did she become a doctor?
Why did she cancel her trip?
Why did she show me this?
Why did she change the plan?
Why did she become a lawyer?
Why did she bring me here?
Why did she agree to help?
Why did she become a policewoman?
Why did she sign the confession?
Why did she quit using Twitter?
Why did she buy this car?
Why did she open that door?
Why did she give Yidir money?
Why did she buy so much?
Why did she burn those letters?
Why did she go back upstairs?
Why did she stop doing that?
Why did she write this book?
Why did she write that letter?
Why did she write about it?
Why did she pick that song?
Why did she do that yesterday?
Why did she shut the door?
Why did she let Yidir win?
Why did she let Yidir drive?
Why did she talk to Yidir?
Why did she skip lunch today?
Why did she write that book?
Why did she go to Russia?
Why did she come to Algeria?
Why did she buy that hat?
Why did she need to go?
Why did she want to go?
Why did she say such a thing?
Why did she turn down Yidir's offer?
Why did he choose that particular subject?
Why did she choose such a subject?
Why did she get up so early?
Why did she come home so late?
Why did she paint the bench red?
Why did she come here this morning?
Why did she buy this expensive dictionary?
Why did she come here so early?
Why did she make such a mistake?
Why did she quit working for Yidir?
Why did she want to buy them?
Why did she want Yidir to leave?
Why did she volunteer to do this?
Why did she decide to study Tamazight?
Why did she ask Yidir this question?
Why did she buy a German car?
Why did she even bother to come?
Why did she say this to Yidir?
Why did she have to do that?
Why did she say that to me?
Why did she turn it upside down?
Why did she do what she did?
Why did she go to the cave?
Why did she run off to Algiers?
Why did she allow it to happen?
Why did she buy all this stuff?
Why did she give him my name?
Why did she say what she said?
Why did she just wink at me?
Why did she leave the party early?
Why did she ask to see me?
Why did she name her dog Cook?
Why did she agree to do it?
Why did she stay at home yesterday?
Why did she tell Yidir our secret?
Why did she show it to me?
Why did she run away from me?
Why did she leave the door open?
Why did she come to see me?
Why did she ask Yidir to leave?
Why did she leave her last job?
Why did she paint her fence green?
Why did she turn off the lights?
Why did she turn off the TV?
Why did she let Yidir do that?
Why did she buy one of those?
Why did she decide to do that?
Why did she go there without me?
Why did she do that by herself?
Why did she tell Yidir about that?
Why did she do that without me?
Why did she do that to Yidir?
Why did she make Yidir do that?
Why did she recommend not doing this?
Why did she need to do that?
Why did she try to do that?
Why did she turn down their offer?
Why did she turn off the light?
Why did he lie to the police?
Why did she choose to do that?
Why didn't you go to Russia?
Why didn't she go to Russia?
Why did she live in Algiers last year?
Why did she decide to buy this house?
Why did she invite Yidir to the party?
Why did she come to see me today?
Why did she want to speak with us?
Why did she want to come back here?
Why did she want to become a teacher?
Why did she want to speak to me?
Why did she want us to come here?
Why did she let me sleep so late?
Why did she tell Yidir to do that?
Why did she tell Yidir I had left?
Why did she tell Yidir I was here?
Why did she tell Yidir where I was?
Why did she tell Yidir Taninna was ugly?
Why did she want to talk to Yidir?
You were crossed off the list.
You were removed from the list.
He placed his hand on the table with fingers splayed.
Tom didn't let Mary eat her dessert.
Checkers? Maybe. Chess? Probably. Go is much more complex than either. Go is my game. Always steps ahead of your opponents or you have no shot.
The night eye caught all, whilst the king slept. Upon awakening he was informed of the treachery afoot.
The king made appropriate adjustments for the vile being. The king knew the being's child like mind would continue to lure him in. The vile being had a taste for that which he could not have and it clouded his sense of reality. He never saw it coming until it was to late. The fear and anger in the vile beings eyes was matched by the king discrete knodding.
The king explained to the being, that only through many years and many mistakes was he able to master such a test. The king faced such adversity his entire life and was underestimated in many a strife. See that is the king's most valuable weapon and allowed the element of surprise and such violence of action to defeat the vile creatures that lurked and hid like cowards.
Never forget about it.
We will arrive within an hour
John has the habit of staying awake until late at night
Once upon a time...
Is time more important than place for you?
At what time do they arrive in Narita airport?
When do they arrive in Narita airport?
I like eating blue cakes.
They don't put sugar in their coffee.
They don't take sugar in their coffee.
He doesn't speak any other languages besides Esperanto!
I don't like playing baseball.
Sami circumambulated the Kaaba seven times.
Sami walked around the Kaaba seven times.
Sami performed tawaf around the Kaaba seven times.
Sami recited the takbir.
Sami said the opening takbir and began to pray.
Sami went to tarawih after iftar.
Sami went to tarawih prayer with Fadil.
Sami drank Zamzam water.
Sami drank water from the Well of Zamzam.
Sami kissed the Black Stone.
Sami kissed the Hajar al-Aswad.
Sami visited Al-Masjid an-Nabawi.
Sami visited the Prophet's Mosque.
Sami climbed Jabal al-Nour to see the Cave of Hira.
Al-Haram Mosque is the largest mosque in the world.
Tom doesn't want to go to his work's Christmas party this year.
The Great Mosque of Mecca is the largest mosque in the world.
Masjid al-Haram is the largest mosque in the world.
Sami asked Fadil for the direction of the Qibla.
We, the people who inhabit Iceland, wish to create a just society where every person has equal opportunity.
You can't beat entropy, Tom. It's a lost cause.
Things went south.
Tom always cleans up after his dog.
Tom didn't clean up after his dog.
Don't make that a habit.
There is nowhere on earth I would rather be.
There's nowhere else I'd rather be.
There's nowhere else I'd rather be than here with you.
I didn't have anywhere else I could go.
There's nowhere else I want to go.
There was nowhere else we could've done that.
Tom imagined the worst.
Mary imagined the worst.
There's nothing else I want to do.
Tom has a podcast.
Are those your daughters?
I couldn't hear anything.
I pushed my bicycle home.
Tom almost got married.
Tom always yells at me.
Tom and I fought a lot.
Tom chose both options.
Tom has been strangled.
Why do you want a horse?
Why do you want my help?
Tom assumed the worst.
Mary assumed the worst.
I just try it.
Generally, there are many people who visit this area.
Why don't you just try it?
Why don't you just try doing it?
Tom said that Mary was the one that was responsible for doing that.
Tom said that Mary was the one who was responsible for doing that.
What were you doing today?
What was Tom doing today?
They are not sick.
They are not ill.
I hope you have time to write something about yourself on the back of the postcard.
I wonder if I should tell him  ?
We travelled quite a bit around the world before we decided to settle in Australia.
I live with my husband and our Australian cattle dog Sam on the east coast of Australia.
My name is Mary, I'm years old and I'm a zookeeper.
In my free time I love to be outdoors.
I have to be up early tomorrow morning, so I'm going to bed.
Open systems have no randomness.
All things living have order. Even though we like to think not. It's what makes the living different from the non living. Try to be random, it will only be as random as the environment allows. All things persuade all things.
We hope youre having a fantastic day, and that the year ahead brings the nicest postcards to your mailbox.
Its your special day today, and we wanted to send you a little note to wish you a happy birthday.
Thank you for your answer!
The Romans called Zeus Jupiter.
Europa is a Jovian moon.
Tom has two siblings.
He won't need money.
What do you do to keep from getting bored?
What do you do to keep yourself from getting bored?
Tom couldn't help but notice.
Mary couldn't help but notice.
I couldn't help but notice how beautiful you are.
Tom couldn't help but notice how beautiful Mary was.
I try to avoid arguments.
I try to ignore the pain.
Thank you for helping us.
Tom liked Mary's story.
Tom stole Mary's money.
I'll do all of the talking.
Tom did all of the talking.
Mary did all of the talking.
Let me do all of the talking.
I'll let you do all that talking.
You should let me do all the talking.
I suggest that we let Tom do all the talking.
You'd better let me do all the talking.
Tom did almost all the talking.
Tom did practically all the talking.
I had to do all the talking.
Tom wouldn't even let me say anything.
It was very nice of him to say that.
It was very nice of you to say that.
Tom is swinging on a swing.
Why do people like swinging on swings?
Do you think that swinging on a swing is good exercise?
The swing sets have been removed from all the school playgrounds in our area.
Tom and Mary were playing on the seesaw.
Tom and Mary were playing on the teeter-totter.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all went to the park to play on the merry-go-round.
Did the umbrella that you found belong to Tom?
This is perfectly normal.
Tom thinks I can do it.
Tom told Mary to do it.
Tom won't inherit much.
Tom won't remember you.
Tom's window was open.
We decided to help Tom.
We'll have a lot of help.
We'll need a lot of help.
Where are your daughters?
Where are your grandsons?
Where are your umbrellas?
Where's your grandfather?
Why did Tom accuse you?
Why did Tom have to go?
Was the umbrella that you found Tom's?
Was the umbrella you found Tom's?
Mary sounds just like her mother.
I realized that it was a mistake.
It's easy to get lost.
It's easy to get lost, so please be careful.
It's a minor problem.
It's not a major problem.
It's not a serious error.
It isn't a major problem.
It isn't a serious error.
It isn't a serious mistake.
It's not a serious mistake.
He used to work as a copywriter.
Where's your grandmother?
Why did Tom need to go?
Why did you need a knife?
Tom arrived at midnight.
Why do you need a hammer?
Tom couldn't be stopped.
Why do you want all that?
Tom didn't want trouble.
Why do you want all this?
Tom doesn't like sports.
Tom has a brother and a sister.
It rained for an entire week.
We get together on Fridays.
There's been a lot of rain this month.
Here is my ticket.
Were you at work?
She will leave Japan in April.
I'm waiting for his answer.
I'm waiting for her answer.
He is sowing discord.
He sows discord by raising controversial subjects.
The kangaroo is a symbol of Austria, isn't it?
Tom really wanted to visit Australia, so he booked a flight to Vienna.
A lot of people confuse Slovakia and Slovenia.
A lot of people confuse Slovakia and Slovenia. What makes it even more confusing, Slovakia in Slovak is "Slovensko".
We're coming!
How did she get that?
You don't know who you're up against.
It's past six o'clock and they're not here.
He sat in the back.
I'll take my chances with him.
Is it necessary?
You don't have to.
How can I help it?
I don't want to justify my wrongdoings.
I thought you'd like some action?
Stop doubting me.
What do I do with this piece of rope?
Thanks, but I'll pass.
I think someone is creeping up on me.
Surely something like that can't happen.
Could you answer the phone for me?
I got your back.
He has bad blood with them.
We're heading up north.
Smoke rises from the chimney.
There they are.
How do I know which one?
Did you get anything out of him?
Keep us covered.
Get going.
Those who understood are already gone, there are only idiots left.
Keep it short.
Such claims are unproven.
Did you tell him yet?
Keep a steady hand.
Look down.
What is called Berber language is a fiction, because berbers themselves are totally blurring.
What keeps you motivated?
It's a rather elegant system.
It takes too much time.
I'm Kabyle.
How much time did it take up?
We are Kabyle.
We're waiting on you.
She is Kabyle.
Hang in there!
He is Kabyle.
Looks good to me.
Seems good to me.
They are Kabyle.
Where should I get started?
That's the focal point.
My parents are Kabyle.
We speak Kabyle at home.
I'll teach Kabyle to my children.
My grandmother doesn't know the Berber language.
My grandfather has no idea what the Berber language means.
In the time of my grandfather there was no Berber language, there was only the Kabyle language.
The Berber language is a dead end.
The Berber language is a linguistic ratatouille that no one wants.
The Berber language is an indigestible soup.
Things have deteriorated.
It's about five.
It's about five o'clock.
Here's my ticket.
I live in Rio.
I work for Microsoft.
Tom is excited about the upcoming Pokmon movie.
She didn't like it one bit.
Tom didn't like it one bit.
Tom made a bonfire on the beach.
Tom and his friends made a bonfire on the beach.
Mary works in a bookshop.
Tom works in a bookshop.
You guys did a great job.
Tom found the work easy.
I chose all three options.
Tom got caught stealing.
I don't want to look weak.
Tom had a seizure again.
Tom has already arrived.
We arrived after midnight.
Tom has already decided.
We're not geniuses either.
Tom is the clear winner.
Why did you need a hammer?
Tom liked the challenge.
Why do you want all these?
Tom offered us his help.
All of my ex-wives hate me.
I didn't cheat on the test.
Tom stayed in the house.
Tom has no social skills.
I had fun tonight.
One does not ask about such things.
Who is knocking at my door?
I didn't remember anything.
Tom thinks he can do it.
I don't want to play chess.
Tom thinks we can do it.
I tried to ignore the pain.
Tom's apartment is tiny.
I've rung the bell already.
Why did Tom ask me that?
We don't care what happens.
Why did Tom ask us that?
This connector is short-circuited.
I like literature.
Do you like literature?
They like literature.
Belaid Ait Ali is the founder of the written Kabyle literature.
Bena Ouali, Amar Ould-Hamouda and Mbarek At Menguellet died for Kabylie.
We want to get to know you.
Why did you believe Tom?
Where's your granddaughter?
Why does Tom need to go?
Why do you need a chainsaw?
Why does Tom want a car?
Why don't you ever do that?
Why does Tom want a dog?
Both of my ex-wives hate me.
Why don't they like Tom?
Tom and Mary work nearby.
I can't do that for you now.
Tom blew his nose loudly.
Tom did an exemplary job.
I don't want to hurt myself.
I work for Tatoeba.
I work at Tatoeba.
Where's your grandchild?
Where are your granddaughters?
Where are your grandparents?
Tom sat on the floor surrounded by his children and grandchildren.
Tom picked his books up.
Tom picked his mail up.
Tom picked his keys up.
Tom picked his toys up.
Tom picked his bag up and left.
I helped Tom pick his stuff up.
Tom picked that habit up from his father.
Tom picked his pencil up and started to write.
Tom tried to pick his keys up with his toes.
Tom picked his bag up and headed for the door.
Tom put his coffee down and picked up his phone.
Tom picked the dry cleaning up on his way home.
Tom put his spoon down and picked up a fork.
Tom picked his coffee cup up and took a sip.
Tom put his spoon down and picked up his cup.
Tom picked his glass up and took a sip of water.
Tom picked his toys up and put them in a box.
Tom picked his coffee cup up and started drinking out of it.
Tom picked his glass up and took a big sip of wine.
How can you forget a language so easily?
Yidir is a good guy. He doesn't deserve insults.
He devoted his evenings to a new hobby; he started to learn German.
That could be the case.
That could indeed be the case.
How about you take a break?
This cannot continue.
Tom handed a cup of coffee to Mary.
Tom gave a cup of coffee to Mary.
There's just no way.
Could you repeat that last bit?
Have you tried clearing your browser's cache?
First you should reboot your computer.
I'm stuck on the fourth question.
They won't be coming tomorrow.
Listen up!
He left without a trace.
How much does a VR headset cost?
This method has proven useful.
Are you just going to stand there?
How do I turn the tips off?
It's time for you to make a decision.
Whatever could be inside this mysterious box?
He's talking gibberish again.
He ought to be back soon.
Is this really what she wants?
Cover the flanks!
It couldn't be this simple, could it?
What script is this language written in?
I managed to crack the code.
The code cannot be cracked.
The police are supposed to serve and protect.
Who do you trust when the police are involved?
Should I be killed, look beyond local law enforcement.
Not all families are the same.
Just because my values dont look like yours doesnt make them less valuable.
Is it god that we trust in, or our conviction of our own reightoisness?
What happened to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness?
Privacy isnt a freedom anymore.
Civil rights are apparently speculative.
If you think differently, you shall be put to death.
Theres no room in this town for your kind.
Many are unable to see beyond their own beliefs.
Coexistence isnt possible without empathy.
Church and state are supposed to be separate.
The idea that they are is a myth.
How many have died in gods name?
The words my god are rooted in ego.
The martyrs throughout history always faced opposition for their personal beliefs.
My neighbors are shady.
What does it mean to be a good ol boy?
Round here, we make the law.
And because of this and our distain for your lifestyle, we shall put you to death.
Money, Political agenda and religion are responsible for much hate and many wars.
We should practice what we preach.
Is it true that all humans are hypocrites on some level?
If everyone were the same life would be boring.
Are you after me or the gypsy?
I wonder if its illegal for law enforcement to be listening to our conversations.
Where's your warrant?
Its the neighbors that live two houses to the left.
They own the local gun shop.
David is the town manager.
His wifes name is Liz.
I wonder what Chief Greene knows?
I bet there are some major legal issues with all of this.
There sure have been a lot of out of state plates here lately.
It was over too quickly.
It was all over too quickly.
Tom did that after I did.
I couldn't believe it was over so quickly.
I forgot to turn off the TV.
Tom got into the rowboat.
I'm used to working outside.
Tom is really overweight.
It's going to get hot today.
Tom knows the guidelines.
Let's forget about the past.
Tom poured Mary some tea.
This isn't very interesting.
Tom pushed the book away.
Tom couldn't believe it was over so quickly.
Tom couldn't believe his vacations were over so quickly.
Thanks, Tom. I had fun tonight.
Would you mind looking after my kids for a minute?
Would you mind watching the kids?
Would you mind watching the kids until I come back?
The Christmas vacation passed all too quickly.
Where's your search warrant?
Tom found that his vacation ended all too quickly.
The police wanted to search Tom's house, but they didn't have a search warrant, so he told them to leave.
The Christmas vacation was over all too soon.
The vacation was over all too soon and school started again.
Tom pushed the button for the elevator.
We were so happy to see them.
We were so happy to see Tom.
Would you mind watching the kids until I get back?
We were so happy to see Tom and Mary.
Tom's parents were happy to see Tom.
Tom's parents are happy that he's back from Australia.
Tom was too far away to hear me.
Tom was too far away to hear Mary.
I love french fries with ketchup.
Be serious, modest, polite, calm and truthful. Don't say too much, and never talk about things that you don't understand.
Be serious, humble, polite, calm and truthful. Don't say too much, and never talk about things that you don't understand.
Ultimately, Robert and Gypsy were to blame for Johns death.
Reswas a popular photography reference, as well as his username.
John didnt understand why someone wanted to kill him.
Would you mind watching my kids for a minute?
Moscow and Beijing share a common interest in weakening U.S. global influence and are actively cooperating in that regard.
Tom was afraid to say no.
Why did you need a chainsaw?
Tom will hate doing that.
Why do you always wear blue?
Tom, of course, was late.
Why do you still have these?
Why did Tom ask you that?
Tom didn't leave until after midnight.
This is a complex problem.
When were you planning to tell me?
And when were you planning to tell me?
I was going to tell you when the time was right.
We must develop a strategy.
Peter turned an empty metal barrel upside down and drummed on the bottom with his hands.
Tom and Mary say they're not lazy.
Tom and Mary say they were framed.
Tom and Mary say they want to win.
Tom and Mary say they plan to win.
Tom and Mary say they never cried.
Tom and Mary say they don't snore.
Tom and Mary say they aren't lazy.
Tom and Mary said what they meant.
Tom and Mary said they don't know.
Tom and Mary said they don't care.
Tom and Mary regret they did that.
Tom and Mary put their heads down.
Tom and Mary promised they'd wait.
Tom and Mary promised they'd help.
Tom and Mary promised they'd come.
Tom and Mary promised they'd call.
Tom and Mary picked up their mail.
Tom and Mary picked up their keys.
Tom and Mary picked their mail up.
Tom and Mary picked their keys up.
Tom and Mary phoned their lawyers.
Tom and Mary padded their resumes.
Tom and Mary opened their windows.
Tom and Mary lost all their books.
Tom and Mary let their guard down.
Tom and Mary learned their lesson.
Tom and Mary laced up their boots.
Tom and Mary know it's their call.
Tom and Mary knew that they'd win.
Tom and Mary hurt their shoulders.
Tom and Mary hoped they could win.
Tom and Mary have hurt their legs.
Tom and Mary had their palms read.
Tom and Mary groomed their horses.
Tom and Mary greeted their guests.
Tom and Mary got off their stools.
Tom and Mary forgot their glasses.
Tom and Mary don't smoke, do they?
Tom and Mary do what they want to.
Tom and Mary deny they left early.
Tom and Mary deny that they cried.
Tom and Mary denied they did that.
Tom and Mary canceled their trips.
Tom and Mary came to their senses.
Tom and Mary called their lawyers.
Tom and Mary brushed their horses.
Tom and Mary believe they can win.
Tom and Mary aren't in their tent.
Tom and Mary say they've met you.
Tom and Mary say they'll hurt me.
Tom and Mary say they won't vote.
Tom and Mary say they can't help.
Tom and Mary say that they're OK.
Tom and Mary put their pens down.
Tom and Mary put their hands out.
Tom and Mary put out their hands.
Tom and Mary promised they'd win.
Tom and Mary need their medicine.
Tom and Mary missed their trains.
Tom and Mary may go if they want.
Tom and Mary may do as they like.
Tom and Mary like their new cars.
Tom and Mary know their business.
Tom and Mary knew they'd be late.
Tom and Mary knew they could win.
Tom and Mary kept their distance.
Tom and Mary folded their sheets.
Tom and Mary did it, didn't they?
Tom and Mary deny that they lied.
Tom and Mary denied they laughed.
Tom and Mary claim they're happy.
Tom and Mary claim that they won.
Tom and Mary called their lawyer.
Tom and Mary sold their company.
Tom and Mary smacked their lips.
Tom and Mary shut their laptops.
Tom and Mary say they're unsure.
Tom and Mary say they're lonely.
Tom and Mary said they disagree.
Tom and Mary rose to their feet.
Tom and Mary put their robes on.
Tom and Mary on put their boots.
Tom and Mary missed their train.
Tom and Mary missed their buses.
Tom and Mary lost their mittens.
Tom and Mary lost their glasses.
Tom and Mary locked their doors.
Tom and Mary enjoy what they do.
Tom and Mary deny they did that.
Tom and Mary claim they're rich.
Tom and Mary brushed their hair.
Tom and Mary swore they'd wait.
Tom and Mary sold their houses.
Tom and Mary slit their wrists.
Tom and Mary shut their mouths.
Tom and Mary say they're dying.
Tom and Mary salted their eggs.
Tom and Mary put their skis on.
Tom and Mary put on their skis.
Tom and Mary love their ponies.
Tom and Mary lost their houses.
Tom and Mary locked their door.
Tom and Mary like their school.
Tom and Mary hid their weapons.
Tom and Mary got their revenge.
Tom and Mary folded their arms.
Tom and Mary denied they cried.
Tom and Mary swore they'd win.
Tom and Mary sipped their tea.
Tom and Mary set their alarms.
Tom and Mary say they're rich.
Tom and Mary missed their bus.
Tom and Mary lost their minds.
Tom and Mary lost their house.
Tom and Mary hope they'll win.
Tom and Mary did their chores.
Tom and Mary claimed they won.
Tom and Mary blew their noses.
Tom and Mary say they'll win.
Tom and Mary paid their bill.
Tom and Mary made their beds.
Tom and Mary love their pony.
Tom and Mary lost their land.
Tom and Mary lost their keys.
Tom and Mary lost their cool.
Tom and Mary knew they'd win.
Tom and Mary hurt their legs.
Tom and Mary hid their faces.
Tom and Mary dyed their hair.
Tom and Mary deny they cried.
Tom and Mary lost their way.
Tom and Mary got their wish.
Tom and Mary dye their hair.
Tom and Mary deny they lied.
Tom and Mary claim they won.
What're Tom and Mary doing?
Tom and Mary got their way.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd be more careful the next time.
Tom and Mary must've had their reasons for doing what they did.
Tom and Mary both reached into their pockets at the same time.
Tom and Mary say that they're hoping that they can do that.
Tom and Mary promised they'd be more careful the next time.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't sure that they're ready.
Tom and Mary said that they hope that that'll happen soon.
Tom and Mary say that they're glad that you're all right.
Tom and Mary say that they believe that they can do that.
Tom and Mary said that their licenses had been suspended.
Tom and Mary knew that they had no choice but to do that.
Tom and Mary thought that they were losing their minds.
Tom and Mary sang one of the songs they wrote together.
Tom and Mary said that there was nothing they could do.
Tom and Mary said that that was what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary knew that there was no way they could win.
Tom and Mary say that they're hoping they can do that.
Tom and Mary regained all the weight that they'd lost.
Tom and Mary thought that they were no longer needed.
Tom and Mary thought that they were going to be shot.
Tom and Mary say they aren't sure that they're ready.
Tom and Mary say that they're sorry they didn't call.
Tom and Mary say that they're on their way back home.
Tom and Mary say that they have everything they want.
Tom and Mary say that they have everything they need.
Tom and Mary say that they believe that they can win.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't sure they're ready.
Tom and Mary said they hope that that'll happen soon.
Tom and Mary said that they think they won't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they hope that'll happen soon.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't believe anybody.
Tom and Mary said that their houses weren't for sale.
Tom and Mary said that that was their favorite store.
Tom and Mary replied that they'd be happy to do that.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd pay their debts.
Tom and Mary hoped that their dreams would come true.
Tom and Mary have said that they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary aren't sure that they can do that again.
Tom and Mary thought that they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary thought that they could do that for me.
Tom and Mary thought that their houses were haunted.
Tom and Mary swore that they wouldn't do that today.
Tom and Mary swore that they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary suddenly realized that they were wrong.
Tom and Mary say they're glad that you're all right.
Tom and Mary say that they've never seen you before.
Tom and Mary say that they've never eaten Thai food.
Tom and Mary say that they've done that three times.
Tom and Mary say that they've been asked to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're too old to start over.
Tom and Mary say that they're not planning on going.
Tom and Mary say that they're not afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're going to stop smoking.
Tom and Mary say that they're glad you're all right.
Tom and Mary say that they're glad that you're here.
Tom and Mary say that they're feeling kind of tired.
Tom and Mary say that they're almost ready to leave.
Tom and Mary say that they haven't joined any clubs.
Tom and Mary say that they believe they can do that.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't planning on going.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary said their licenses had been suspended.
Tom and Mary said that they just wanted to be loved.
Tom and Mary said that they intended to go shopping.
Tom and Mary said that they felt dizzy and nauseous.
Tom and Mary said that they felt compelled to speak.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't believe anyone.
Tom and Mary said that their schedules would change.
Tom and Mary said that their houses weren't damaged.
Tom and Mary said that everybody they know can swim.
Tom and Mary refused to admit that they'd done that.
Tom and Mary realized that they'd said way too much.
Tom and Mary realized that they'd been unreasonable.
Tom and Mary realized that they couldn't to do that.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd take care of that.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd help us on Monday.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd be here on Monday.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't leave town.
Tom and Mary promised that they won't do that today.
Tom and Mary promised that they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd do that for me.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't be late.
Tom and Mary made some toys for their grandchildren.
Tom and Mary knew they had no choice but to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they'd done something stupid.
Tom and Mary knew that it was their duty to do that.
Tom and Mary found several T-shirts that they liked.
Tom and Mary did what they felt that they had to do.
Tom and Mary claim that they have telepathic powers.
Tom and Mary aren't sure that they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary thought that they were in big trouble.
Tom and Mary thought that they should study French.
Tom and Mary thought that they heard some gunshots.
Tom and Mary thought that they had to study French.
Tom and Mary thought that they had to speak French.
Tom and Mary thought that they could do that again.
Tom and Mary swore that they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary swore that they wouldn't ever do that.
Tom and Mary swear that they won't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary still haven't said that they're sorry.
Tom and Mary soon realized that they weren't alone.
Tom and Mary slung their bags over their shoulders.
Tom and Mary say that they've never studied French.
Tom and Mary say that they've done that many times.
Tom and Mary say that they've cut down on drinking.
Tom and Mary say that they've been advised to stay.
Tom and Mary say that they're tired of watching TV.
Tom and Mary say that they're still planning to go.
Tom and Mary say that they're not ready to give up.
Tom and Mary say that they're not ready to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're not going to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're not coming back here.
Tom and Mary say that they're not afraid of ghosts.
Tom and Mary say that they're going to beat you up.
Tom and Mary say that they're feeling better today.
Tom and Mary say that they're eager to participate.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do whatever they can.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do what they need to.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do what they have to.
Tom and Mary say that they'd be willing to help us.
Tom and Mary say that they won't come to our party.
Tom and Mary say that they were asked to come here.
Tom and Mary say that they were absolutely stunned.
Tom and Mary say that they were abducted by aliens.
Tom and Mary say that they never wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they may not have to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they know what they're doing.
Tom and Mary say that they have no plan to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they have no idea what to do.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't agree to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they can't walk another step.
Tom and Mary say that they can do that blindfolded.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't ready to give up.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't coming back here.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't afraid of ghosts.
Tom and Mary say that everybody they know can swim.
Tom and Mary said that they think we could do that.
Tom and Mary said that they spoke French last week.
Tom and Mary said that their schedules had changed.
Tom and Mary said that their schedule would change.
Tom and Mary said that their houses weren't locked.
Tom and Mary said that their house wasn't for sale.
Tom and Mary said that their goals haven't changed.
Tom and Mary said that the earthquake woke them up.
Tom and Mary said that it wasn't them who did that.
Tom and Mary said that everyone they know can swim.
Tom and Mary regretted everything that they'd done.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd go straight home.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary promised that they won't do that here.
Tom and Mary pawned the jewelry that they'd stolen.
Tom and Mary offered their seats to the old couple.
Tom and Mary know that there's no way they can win.
Tom and Mary knew that they'd done something wrong.
Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that their plan wasn't very good.
Tom and Mary insist that they're telling the truth.
Tom and Mary have shown that they can't be trusted.
Tom and Mary have said that they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary have assured me that they'll be there.
Tom and Mary got the punishment that they deserved.
Tom and Mary forgot where they'd put their glasses.
Tom and Mary felt that they needed to do something.
Tom and Mary didn't realize that they had to leave.
Tom and Mary did the only thing that they could do.
Tom and Mary covered their mouths with their hands.
Tom and Mary claim that they haven't yet been paid.
Tom and Mary claim that they haven't been paid yet.
Tom and Mary claim that they acted in self defense.
Tom and Mary called to tell me that they'd be late.
Tom and Mary aren't sure that they want to do this.
Tom and Mary aren't sure that they want to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure that they need to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure that they have to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they were losing their minds.
Tom and Mary thought that their house was haunted.
Tom and Mary swore that they'd never hit me again.
Tom and Mary swore that they wouldn't leave early.
Tom and Mary soon realized that they were trapped.
Tom and Mary shook their heads as they drove away.
Tom and Mary say that they've never taught French.
Tom and Mary say that they're too busy to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're tired of doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they're prepared to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're planning to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're not able to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're here to support you.
Tom and Mary say that they're feeling very sleepy.
Tom and Mary say that they'll never do that again.
Tom and Mary say that they'd like to study French.
Tom and Mary say that they won't go there anymore.
Tom and Mary say that they won't do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say that they won't buy that for you.
Tom and Mary say that they won't be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say that they won't be busy tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say that they won't agree to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they want their things back.
Tom and Mary say that they still can't believe it.
Tom and Mary say that they spoke without thinking.
Tom and Mary say that they never lock their doors.
Tom and Mary say that they needed to study French.
Tom and Mary say that they have no concrete plans.
Tom and Mary say that they feel taken for granted.
Tom and Mary say that they feel obligated to help.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't know what to do.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they did that for the money.
Tom and Mary say that they can't walk any further.
Tom and Mary say that they can't stand doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they can predict the future.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they actually enjoy dancing.
Tom and Mary say that there's nothing they can do.
Tom and Mary say that their goals haven't changed.
Tom and Mary say that everyone they know can swim.
Tom and Mary said there was nothing they could do.
Tom and Mary said that was what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said that they think it's impossible.
Tom and Mary said that they just couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they felt extremely guilty.
Tom and Mary said that they don't work on Mondays.
Tom and Mary said that they don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they don't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they don't mind doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they don't like to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said that their schedule has changed.
Tom and Mary said that their house wasn't damaged.
Tom and Mary said that the explosion woke them up.
Tom and Mary realized that they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary realized that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary put their passports in their pockets.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't be late again.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd be more careful.
Tom and Mary knew there was no way they could win.
Tom and Mary knew that what they'd done was wrong.
Tom and Mary hoped that they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary hoped that they wouldn't be too late.
Tom and Mary hoped that they wouldn't be captured.
Tom and Mary hope that they won't be disqualified.
Tom and Mary have assured me that they'll do that.
Tom and Mary don't realize how lucky they've been.
Tom and Mary don't feel that they have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't deny that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary claimed that they've never done that.
Tom and Mary claimed that they'd been brainwashed.
Tom and Mary claim that they've done that already.
Tom and Mary claim that they've already done that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what else they should do.
Tom and Mary aren't sure that they should do that.
Tom and Mary thought that they'd find other jobs.
Tom and Mary thought that they were going to win.
Tom and Mary thought that they were going to die.
Tom and Mary thought that they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary thought that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary thought that they might be able win.
Tom and Mary thought that their legs were broken.
Tom and Mary think that their houses are haunted.
Tom and Mary swear that they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary still haven't found their passports.
Tom and Mary seemed to have lost their passports.
Tom and Mary say they're hoping that can do that.
Tom and Mary say that they've never won anything.
Tom and Mary say that they've done nothing wrong.
Tom and Mary say that they've been asked to stay.
Tom and Mary say that they've been asked to help.
Tom and Mary say that they're willing to help us.
Tom and Mary say that they're too old to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're not planning to go.
Tom and Mary say that they're not having any fun.
Tom and Mary say that they're feeling very tired.
Tom and Mary say that they're feeling better now.
Tom and Mary say that they'll study French today.
Tom and Mary say that they'll pay for everything.
Tom and Mary say that they'll get home on Monday.
Tom and Mary say that they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary say that they'd be happy to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they won't wait any longer.
Tom and Mary say that they won't need to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they won't help us do that.
Tom and Mary say that they won't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they won't do that for you.
Tom and Mary say that they want to talk with you.
Tom and Mary say that they want to quit the band.
Tom and Mary say that they want to go to Harvard.
Tom and Mary say that they want to go home early.
Tom and Mary say that they want to do that today.
Tom and Mary say that they want something to eat.
Tom and Mary say that they understood everything.
Tom and Mary say that they saw something strange.
Tom and Mary say that they plan to take pictures.
Tom and Mary say that they never lock their door.
Tom and Mary say that they need to talk with you.
Tom and Mary say that they need my help tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say that they need another computer.
Tom and Mary say that they know why you did that.
Tom and Mary say that they just want to be happy.
Tom and Mary say that they hope that you do that.
Tom and Mary say that they haven't yet done that.
Tom and Mary say that they haven't done that yet.
Tom and Mary say that they have plans to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they have other priorities.
Tom and Mary say that they found it on the bench.
Tom and Mary say that they feel comfortable here.
Tom and Mary say that they enjoy teaching French.
Tom and Mary say that they enjoy studying French.
Tom and Mary say that they enjoy speaking French.
Tom and Mary say that they don't wish to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they don't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they don't like to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they don't know what to do.
Tom and Mary say that they don't know the answer.
Tom and Mary say that they don't know any French.
Tom and Mary say that they don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they don't feel well today.
Tom and Mary say that they don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't have insurance.
Tom and Mary say that they can't wait any longer.
Tom and Mary say that they can't stay for dinner.
Tom and Mary say that they can't remember things.
Tom and Mary say that they can't find their hats.
Tom and Mary say that they can't believe anybody.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't planning to go.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't having any fun.
Tom and Mary say that they always do it this way.
Tom and Mary said that they think they won't win.
Tom and Mary said that they don't want to retire.
Tom and Mary said that their stomachs still hurt.
Tom and Mary said that their house wasn't locked.
Tom and Mary said that the gunshots woke them up.
Tom and Mary said that that wasn't their problem.
Tom and Mary said that John wouldn't let them in.
Tom and Mary regained all the weight they'd lost.
Tom and Mary realized that they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd do that for us.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't be late.
Tom and Mary poured more wine into their glasses.
Tom and Mary knew that they wouldn't be replaced.
Tom and Mary knew that they wouldn't be punished.
Tom and Mary knew that they wouldn't be expelled.
Tom and Mary knew that they wouldn't be arrested.
Tom and Mary knew that they needed to leave town.
Tom and Mary knew that they had no time to spare.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't be replaced.
Tom and Mary injured their elbows when they fell.
Tom and Mary honked their horns as they drove by.
Tom and Mary haven't made their schedules public.
Tom and Mary haven't been answering their phones.
Tom and Mary have said that they want to do that.
Tom and Mary have said that they need to do that.
Tom and Mary have said that they have to do that.
Tom and Mary had red spots all over their bodies.
Tom and Mary had nobody to tell their stories to.
Tom and Mary had no one to tell their stories to.
Tom and Mary got locked out of their dormitories.
Tom and Mary gave no reasons for their decisions.
Tom and Mary forgot to bring their lunches today.
Tom and Mary don't think that it was their fault.
Tom and Mary don't know that I wish they'd leave.
Tom and Mary don't believe that they can do that.
Tom and Mary did what they promised us they'd do.
Tom and Mary denied that they'd stolen the money.
Tom and Mary couldn't buy everything they needed.
Tom and Mary complained about their low salaries.
Tom and Mary claim that they have psychic powers.
Tom and Mary claim that they had second thoughts.
Tom and Mary thought they were no longer needed.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to be shot.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to be busy.
Tom and Mary thought that they'd be able to win.
Tom and Mary thought that they must be mistaken.
Tom and Mary still say that they don't blame me.
Tom and Mary still haven't paid all their bills.
Tom and Mary splashed some water on their faces.
Tom and Mary splashed cold water on their faces.
Tom and Mary soon realized that they were alone.
Tom and Mary sold their houses three months ago.
Tom and Mary slammed their bedroom doors closed.
Tom and Mary shook their heads and said nothing.
Tom and Mary seemed to know what they should do.
Tom and Mary seemed to know what they had to do.
Tom and Mary seemed to have lost their patience.
Tom and Mary scratched their names off the list.
Tom and Mary say they're sorry they didn't call.
Tom and Mary say they're on their way back home.
Tom and Mary say they have everything they want.
Tom and Mary say that they've never eaten sushi.
Tom and Mary say that they've never coming back.
Tom and Mary say that they've done that already.
Tom and Mary say that they've been told to stay.
Tom and Mary say that they've already done that.
Tom and Mary say that they're working very hard.
Tom and Mary say that they're planning on going.
Tom and Mary say that they're hoping to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they'll never leave early.
Tom and Mary say that they'll never do it again.
Tom and Mary say that they'll keep working hard.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do whatever we do.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary say that they'll come to the party.
Tom and Mary say that they'd rather not do that.
Tom and Mary say that they want to study French.
Tom and Mary say that they want to speak to you.
Tom and Mary say that they want to speak French.
Tom and Mary say that they used to teach French.
Tom and Mary say that they used to study French.
Tom and Mary say that they plan to study French.
Tom and Mary say that they need to study French.
Tom and Mary say that they like teaching French.
Tom and Mary say that they like studying French.
Tom and Mary say that they like speaking French.
Tom and Mary say that they have to work tonight.
Tom and Mary say that they have to study French.
Tom and Mary say that they have to speak French.
Tom and Mary say that they have nothing to hide.
Tom and Mary say that they have no other choice.
Tom and Mary say that they feel much better now.
Tom and Mary say that they feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they don't have insurance.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't know about it.
Tom and Mary say that they did it for the money.
Tom and Mary say that they definitely won't win.
Tom and Mary say that they come here every year.
Tom and Mary say that they can't wait that long.
Tom and Mary say that they can't go any further.
Tom and Mary say that they can't believe anyone.
Tom and Mary say that they believe they can win.
Tom and Mary say that their stomachs still hurt.
Tom and Mary say that their stomachs don't hurt.
Tom and Mary said they think they won't do that.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't believe anybody.
Tom and Mary said their houses weren't for sale.
Tom and Mary said that you wouldn't let them in.
Tom and Mary said that was their favorite store.
Tom and Mary said that they think it's possible.
Tom and Mary said that they don't smoke anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they don't plan on going.
Tom and Mary said that their houses were locked.
Tom and Mary said that it was them who did that.
Tom and Mary replied they'd be happy to do that.
Tom and Mary realize that they're being ignored.
Tom and Mary raised their glasses to their lips.
Tom and Mary put their lunch trays on the table.
Tom and Mary put their hats on and went outside.
Tom and Mary put their cups down on the counter.
Tom and Mary put on their hats and went outside.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd keep in touch.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd pay their debts.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd come early.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't cry.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't know me.
Tom and Mary poured cold water over their heads.
Tom and Mary pounded their fists on their desks.
Tom and Mary ought to have their heads examined.
Tom and Mary made up their minds to leave early.
Tom and Mary lost the keys to their hotel rooms.
Tom and Mary looked for their names on the list.
Tom and Mary knew that they should study French.
Tom and Mary knew that they had to do something.
Tom and Mary knew that they had nothing to lose.
Tom and Mary just shook their heads and laughed.
Tom and Mary injured their backs playing tennis.
Tom and Mary hoped their dreams would come true.
Tom and Mary hope that they don't botch the job.
Tom and Mary hid their books behind their backs.
Tom and Mary heard somebody calling their names.
Tom and Mary haven't yet admitted they did that.
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they might do.
Tom and Mary haven't told us their opinions yet.
Tom and Mary haven't made their schedule public.
Tom and Mary haven't lost their fighting spirit.
Tom and Mary haven't admitted they did that yet.
Tom and Mary have something else on their minds.
Tom and Mary have said that they should do that.
Tom and Mary have no plans for their retirement.
Tom and Mary had to stop to catch their breaths.
Tom and Mary had no time to catch their breaths.
Tom and Mary followed the bus on their bicycles.
Tom and Mary extended their stays by three days.
Tom and Mary earned their doctorates at Harvard.
Tom and Mary don't think that I did it, do they?
Tom and Mary didn't want to lose their licenses.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anybody else, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't see anybody they recognized.
Tom and Mary didn't have anything in their bags.
Tom and Mary did the only thing that they could.
Tom and Mary claimed that they tried to do that.
Tom and Mary claim that they've never done that.
Tom and Mary claim that they can see the future.
Tom and Mary changed into their school uniforms.
Tom and Mary aren't wearing their glasses today.
Tom and Mary aren't serious about their studies.
Tom and Mary aren't as witty as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as weird as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as tough as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as timid as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as scary as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as pushy as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as picky as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as nasty as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as naive as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as lucky as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as heavy as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as fussy as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as funny as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as crazy as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as bossy as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't afraid to speak their minds.
Tom and Mary told everyone about what they did.
Tom and Mary thought they could do that for me.
Tom and Mary thought their houses were haunted.
Tom and Mary thought that they'd be safe there.
Tom and Mary thought that they were very lucky.
Tom and Mary thought that they were being cute.
Tom and Mary think that their house is haunted.
Tom and Mary talked as if they knew everything.
Tom and Mary suddenly realized they were wrong.
Tom and Mary stopped and cleared their throats.
Tom and Mary stayed longer than they should've.
Tom and Mary stayed longer than they needed to.
Tom and Mary started to take off their jackets.
Tom and Mary sold their house three months ago.
Tom and Mary showed their IDs to the bartender.
Tom and Mary shouted at the top of their lungs.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have done what they did.
Tom and Mary shook their heads and looked away.
Tom and Mary seemed to regret what they'd done.
Tom and Mary seem to know what they have to do.
Tom and Mary seem to have lost their passports.
Tom and Mary say they've never seen you before.
Tom and Mary say they've never eaten Thai food.
Tom and Mary say they've met you several times.
Tom and Mary say they're too old to start over.
Tom and Mary say they weren't surprised at all.
Tom and Mary say they haven't joined any clubs.
Tom and Mary say they're going to stop smoking.
Tom and Mary say they're glad that you're here.
Tom and Mary say that they've tried everything.
Tom and Mary say that they've never grown corn.
Tom and Mary say that they're ready to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're good at swimming.
Tom and Mary say that they're good at juggling.
Tom and Mary say that they're good at baseball.
Tom and Mary say that they're glad you're here.
Tom and Mary say that they're eager to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they'll only talk to you.
Tom and Mary say that they'll buy that for you.
Tom and Mary say that they'll be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say that they'll be busy tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say that they'd never leave early.
Tom and Mary say that they won't need our help.
Tom and Mary say that they won't help us today.
Tom and Mary say that they won't do that today.
Tom and Mary say that they won't do it anymore.
Tom and Mary say that they want to talk to you.
Tom and Mary say that they want to settle down.
Tom and Mary say that they want to lose weight.
Tom and Mary say that they want more than that.
Tom and Mary say that they remember doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they really like it here.
Tom and Mary say that they often forget things.
Tom and Mary say that they need more than that.
Tom and Mary say that they like their new jobs.
Tom and Mary say that they have plenty of time.
Tom and Mary say that they had to study French.
Tom and Mary say that they had to speak French.
Tom and Mary say that they finished doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they don't want to fight.
Tom and Mary say that they don't remember much.
Tom and Mary say that they don't need our help.
Tom and Mary say that they don't like children.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't study French.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't see anything.
Tom and Mary say that they did nothing illegal.
Tom and Mary say that they can't trust anybody.
Tom and Mary say that they can do that for you.
Tom and Mary say that they can do that already.
Tom and Mary say that they can already do that.
Tom and Mary say that they already feel better.
Tom and Mary said they just wanted to be loved.
Tom and Mary said they intended to go shopping.
Tom and Mary said they felt dizzy and nauseous.
Tom and Mary said they felt compelled to speak.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't believe anyone.
Tom and Mary said their schedules would change.
Tom and Mary said their houses weren't damaged.
Tom and Mary said that wasn't what they wanted.
Tom and Mary said that they don't hunt anymore.
Tom and Mary said that the decision was theirs.
Tom and Mary said everybody they know can swim.
Tom and Mary replied that they'd be glad to go.
Tom and Mary refused to admit they'd done that.
Tom and Mary received their doctorates in 2013.
Tom and Mary realized they'd been unreasonable.
Tom and Mary realized they couldn't to do that.
Tom and Mary realized that they should do that.
Tom and Mary realized that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary put their phones in their pockets.
Tom and Mary put their keys into their pockets.
Tom and Mary put their jackets on and went out.
Tom and Mary put their heads down on the table.
Tom and Mary put their hands over their mouths.
Tom and Mary put on their jackets and went out.
Tom and Mary promised to come, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary promised they'd be here on Monday.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't leave town.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd speak French.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd quit smoking.
Tom and Mary promised that they would be there.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd do that for me.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't be late.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't see it.
Tom and Mary panicked when they heard the news.
Tom and Mary never told me why they didn't win.
Tom and Mary never explained why they did that.
Tom and Mary mounted their horses and rode off.
Tom and Mary made their way through the jungle.
Tom and Mary know what they're doing out there.
Tom and Mary know that I'm older than they are.
Tom and Mary know more than they're letting on.
Tom and Mary knew that what they did was wrong.
Tom and Mary kept their true identities secret.
Tom and Mary keep saying that they're innocent.
Tom and Mary insisted that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary heard someone calling their names.
Tom and Mary have submitted their resignations.
Tom and Mary have sold the rest of their books.
Tom and Mary have said that they won't do that.
Tom and Mary have said that they can't do that.
Tom and Mary have nobody else they can rely on.
Tom and Mary have no one else they can rely on.
Tom and Mary had something else on their minds.
Tom and Mary had nobody to tell their story to.
Tom and Mary had no one to tell their story to.
Tom and Mary had bruises all over their bodies.
Tom and Mary got what they deserved in the end.
Tom and Mary gave their seats to the old women.
Tom and Mary gave no reason for their decision.
Tom and Mary gave all of their belongings away.
Tom and Mary found several T-shirts they liked.
Tom and Mary found an old safe in their garage.
Tom and Mary finished their meal and then left.
Tom and Mary felt the cold rain on their faces.
Tom and Mary felt remorse for what they'd done.
Tom and Mary fell asleep with their glasses on.
Tom and Mary extended their stay by three days.
Tom and Mary don't think that it's their fault.
Tom and Mary didn't want to stay, but they did.
Tom and Mary didn't want to leave their houses.
Tom and Mary didn't want to help, but they did.
Tom and Mary didn't want to call their lawyers.
Tom and Mary didn't seem sure of their answers.
Tom and Mary didn't see anyone they recognized.
Tom and Mary didn't remember to pay their rent.
Tom and Mary didn't regret doing what they did.
Tom and Mary didn't need to stay, but they did.
Tom and Mary didn't need to help, but they did.
Tom and Mary didn't mean to say what they said.
Tom and Mary didn't make their positions clear.
Tom and Mary didn't know who they should trust.
Tom and Mary didn't know where their pens were.
Tom and Mary didn't know how long they'd slept.
Tom and Mary didn't have to stay, but they did.
Tom and Mary didn't have to raise their voices.
Tom and Mary didn't have to help, but they did.
Tom and Mary didn't get everything they needed.
Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they did.
Tom and Mary didn't come because they got sick.
Tom and Mary didn't buy everything they needed.
Tom and Mary did whatever they felt like doing.
Tom and Mary did what they felt they had to do.
Tom and Mary did the very best that they could.
Tom and Mary did everything they could to help.
Tom and Mary definitely deserved what they got.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember their passwords.
Tom and Mary couldn't find their way back home.
Tom and Mary could feel the sun on their necks.
Tom and Mary could feel the sun on their faces.
Tom and Mary cleaned out their bedroom closets.
Tom and Mary claim they have telepathic powers.
Tom and Mary certainly know what they're doing.
Tom and Mary can use our bicycles if they want.
Tom and Mary can dance fairly well, can't they?
Tom and Mary called to say that they'd be late.
Tom and Mary aren't sure that they can do that.
Tom and Mary aren't as weak as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as ugly as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as tidy as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as thin as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as spry as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as slow as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as rude as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as quick as they once were.
Tom and Mary aren't as poor as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as nice as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as neat as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as lazy as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as cute as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as busy as they seem to be.
Tom and Mary wouldn't let me into their house.
Tom and Mary thought they should study French.
Tom and Mary thought they heard some gunshots.
Tom and Mary thought they had to study French.
Tom and Mary thought they had to speak French.
Tom and Mary thought they could do that again.
Tom and Mary thought that they'd forgotten it.
Tom and Mary thought that they'd be safe here.
Tom and Mary thought that they should do that.
Tom and Mary thought that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary think that their legs are broken.
Tom and Mary think I don't know what they did.
Tom and Mary tapped their fingers impatiently.
Tom and Mary swore they'd never John me again.
Tom and Mary swore they wouldn't ever do that.
Tom and Mary swore that they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary stuck their heads out the window.
Tom and Mary still hope that they can do that.
Tom and Mary sometimes put honey in their tea.
Tom and Mary should've kept their mouths shut.
Tom and Mary shook their fists in frustration.
Tom and Mary seldom put sugar in their coffee.
Tom and Mary seem to know what they should do.
Tom and Mary seem to have lost their patience.
Tom and Mary say they've been advised to stay.
Tom and Mary say they're not afraid of ghosts.
Tom and Mary say they'll never come back here.
Tom and Mary say they were absolutely stunned.
Tom and Mary say they were abducted by aliens.
Tom and Mary say they never wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary say they know what they're doing.
Tom and Mary say they have no plan to do that.
Tom and Mary say they can't walk another step.
Tom and Mary say they aren't afraid of ghosts.
Tom and Mary say that've cut down on drinking.
Tom and Mary say they're going to beat you up.
Tom and Mary say they're eager to participate.
Tom and Mary say that they've lost their keys.
Tom and Mary say that they're very happy here.
Tom and Mary say that they're studying French.
Tom and Mary say that they're not ready to go.
Tom and Mary say that they're going to resign.
Tom and Mary say that they'll stay for dinner.
Tom and Mary say that they'll quit doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they'll need to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they'll leave on Monday.
Tom and Mary say that they'll keep doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they'll have to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do that for you.
Tom and Mary say that they'll come right away.
Tom and Mary say that they'll be busy tonight.
Tom and Mary say that they'd hurt their backs.
Tom and Mary say that they would've paid more.
Tom and Mary say that they won't study French.
Tom and Mary say that they won't speak French.
Tom and Mary say that they won't ever do that.
Tom and Mary say that they won't buy any beer.
Tom and Mary say that they weren't being paid.
Tom and Mary say that they saw something else.
Tom and Mary say that they like horror movies.
Tom and Mary say that they have nothing to do.
Tom and Mary say that they followed the rules.
Tom and Mary say that they don't study French.
Tom and Mary say that they don't speak French.
Tom and Mary say that they don't ever do that.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't see anybody.
Tom and Mary say that they did that last week.
Tom and Mary say that they declined that deal.
Tom and Mary say that they can't speak French.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't ready to go.
Tom and Mary say everybody they know can swim.
Tom and Mary sang one of the songs they wrote.
Tom and Mary said they think we could do that.
Tom and Mary said they spoke French last week.
Tom and Mary said their schedules had changed.
Tom and Mary said their schedule would change.
Tom and Mary said their houses weren't locked.
Tom and Mary said their house wasn't for sale.
Tom and Mary said their goals haven't changed.
Tom and Mary said that you were their friends.
Tom and Mary said that they don't care at all.
Tom and Mary said that their house was locked.
Tom and Mary said that their efforts paid off.
Tom and Mary said that John was their brother.
Tom and Mary said more than they'd planned to.
Tom and Mary said everyone they know can swim.
Tom and Mary regretted everything they'd done.
Tom and Mary refused to tell us what they did.
Tom and Mary realized that they might be late.
Tom and Mary realized that they had no choice.
Tom and Mary realized that they couldn't talk.
Tom and Mary rarely talk about their problems.
Tom and Mary ran out of gas on their way here.
Tom and Mary put their sneakers in their bags.
Tom and Mary put their cups down on the table.
Tom and Mary put their backpacks on the table.
Tom and Mary put new locks on all their doors.
Tom and Mary pulled the masks off their faces.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd wait for us.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd check on it.
Tom and Mary promised that they would do that.
Tom and Mary promised that they won't do that.
Tom and Mary play tennis as often as they can.
Tom and Mary plan to appeal their convictions.
Tom and Mary pitched their tents next to mine.
Tom and Mary pawned the jewelry they'd stolen.
Tom and Mary paid back the money they owed me.
Tom and Mary only do that when they're sleepy.
Tom and Mary obviously got what they came for.
Tom and Mary never talk about their childhood.
Tom and Mary never said what you say they did.
Tom and Mary needed somebody they could trust.
Tom and Mary need to lower their expectations.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten their promises.
Tom and Mary must be going out of their minds.
Tom and Mary moved in with their grandparents.
Tom and Mary might've eaten on their way home.
Tom and Mary may talk to whoever they want to.
Tom and Mary may speak French if they want to.
Tom and Mary made their positions quite clear.
Tom and Mary lost the key to their hotel room.
Tom and Mary looked like they could've helped.
Tom and Mary looked down at their dirty shoes.
Tom and Mary look like they're self-conscious.
Tom and Mary lied about how much they weighed.
Tom and Mary laid their rackets on the ground.
Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary knew where they'd put their keys.
Tom and Mary knew that they'd have to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they wouldn't be fired.
Tom and Mary knew that they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary knew exactly what they had to do.
Tom and Mary keep their doors locked at night.
Tom and Mary just told us that they got fired.
Tom and Mary just got their learner's permits.
Tom and Mary just got their driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary insist they're telling the truth.
Tom and Mary hurt their elbows when they fell.
Tom and Mary hurried so they wouldn't be late.
Tom and Mary hoped that they'd be able to win.
Tom and Mary hope that they won't be deported.
Tom and Mary hid the money in their basements.
Tom and Mary held up their end of the bargain.
Tom and Mary haven't yet bought their tickets.
Tom and Mary haven't violated their contracts.
Tom and Mary haven't painted their houses yet.
Tom and Mary haven't finished their lunch yet.
Tom and Mary haven't bought their tickets yet.
Tom and Mary have shown they can't be trusted.
Tom and Mary have scars all over their bodies.
Tom and Mary have other things on their minds.
Tom and Mary have assured me they'll be there.
Tom and Mary had to have their legs amputated.
Tom and Mary had their wisdom teeth taken out.
Tom and Mary had their sweaters on inside out.
Tom and Mary had their T-shirts on inside out.
Tom and Mary had some tricks up their sleeves.
Tom and Mary had no right to do what they did.
Tom and Mary had annoyed looks on their faces.
Tom and Mary greeted their guests at the door.
Tom and Mary grabbed their backpacks and left.
Tom and Mary got on their bikes and rode away.
Tom and Mary got excited when they heard that.
Tom and Mary got exactly what they wished for.
Tom and Mary glanced in their rearview mirror.
Tom and Mary gave this to me before they died.
Tom and Mary gambled away everything they had.
Tom and Mary found their new jobs interesting.
Tom and Mary found their hats and put them on.
Tom and Mary forgot to set their alarm clocks.
Tom and Mary felt uncomfortable, so they left.
Tom and Mary felt they needed to do something.
Tom and Mary felt their hearts beating faster.
Tom and Mary felt like they could do anything.
Tom and Mary failed because they didn't study.
Tom and Mary don't realize what they're doing.
Tom and Mary don't realize how lucky they are.
Tom and Mary don't know what they have to buy.
Tom and Mary do everything they're told to do.
Tom and Mary dipped their toes into the water.
Tom and Mary didn't waste much time, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't want to sell their houses.
Tom and Mary didn't want to leave their house.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't want to call their lawyer.
Tom and Mary didn't want their pictures taken.
Tom and Mary didn't say what you say they did.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they had to leave.
Tom and Mary didn't pay their rent last month.
Tom and Mary didn't make their position clear.
Tom and Mary didn't let me in on their secret.
Tom and Mary didn't know who they could trust.
Tom and Mary didn't know where they should go.
Tom and Mary didn't know what they should say.
Tom and Mary didn't keep their promises to me.
Tom and Mary didn't have to do that, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't do what you said they did.
Tom and Mary didn't do what they say they did.
Tom and Mary didn't do what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't do so well on their tests.
Tom and Mary didn't dare to open their mouths.
Tom and Mary did what they promised they'd do.
Tom and Mary did what they believed was right.
Tom and Mary did the only thing they could do.
Tom and Mary did that until the day they died.
Tom and Mary did exactly as I told them to do.
Tom and Mary deserved the punishment they got.
Tom and Mary deny that they paid ransom money.
Tom and Mary denied that they stole the money.
Tom and Mary couldn't believe what they heard.
Tom and Mary couldn't believe their good luck.
Tom and Mary could buy everything they needed.
Tom and Mary claim they haven't yet been paid.
Tom and Mary claim they haven't been paid yet.
Tom and Mary claim they acted in self defense.
Tom and Mary claim that they've taught French.
Tom and Mary claim that they saw the accident.
Tom and Mary claim that they can speak French.
Tom and Mary changed the locks on their doors.
Tom and Mary certainly look like they're rich.
Tom and Mary can't read without their glasses.
Tom and Mary can't just do whatever they want.
Tom and Mary can't just do anything they want.
Tom and Mary can't believe what they just saw.
Tom and Mary can rest as long as they want to.
Tom and Mary can be helpful when they want to.
Tom and Mary brushed the dirt off their jeans.
Tom and Mary brought their guests some drinks.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what to do, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't sure they want to do this.
Tom and Mary aren't picky about what they eat.
Tom and Mary aren't as fun as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as fast as they once were.
Tom and Mary thought their house was haunted.
Tom and Mary thought that they could help us.
Tom and Mary thought that they could do that.
Tom and Mary swore they'd never hit me again.
Tom and Mary swore they wouldn't leave early.
Tom and Mary swore that they'd do that today.
Tom and Mary suddenly rose from their chairs.
Tom and Mary stopped taking their medication.
Tom and Mary stay in motels when they travel.
Tom and Mary started packing their things up.
Tom and Mary started packing their backpacks.
Tom and Mary spent their summer on the beach.
Tom and Mary soon realized they were trapped.
Tom and Mary sometimes eat in their bedrooms.
Tom and Mary sold everything that they owned.
Tom and Mary smiled as they took their seats.
Tom and Mary sing well, but they can't dance.
Tom and Mary showed their photo albums to us.
Tom and Mary showed their photo albums to me.
Tom and Mary should've filled up their tanks.
Tom and Mary seldom forget to pay their rent.
Tom and Mary seemed to know what they wanted.
Tom and Mary say they've never taught French.
Tom and Mary say they've never been arrested.
Tom and Mary say they won't be busy tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they want to be buried here.
Tom and Mary say they want their things back.
Tom and Mary say they spoke without thinking.
Tom and Mary say they never lock their doors.
Tom and Mary say they feel taken for granted.
Tom and Mary say they feel obligated to help.
Tom and Mary say they did that for the money.
Tom and Mary say they can't walk any further.
Tom and Mary say they can't stand doing that.
Tom and Mary say they actually enjoy dancing.
Tom and Mary say that they've heard you sing.
Tom and Mary say that they're planning to go.
Tom and Mary say that they're not sleepy yet.
Tom and Mary say that they're not interested.
Tom and Mary say that they're not hungry yet.
Tom and Mary say that they're not happy here.
Tom and Mary say that they're good at French.
Tom and Mary say that they're getting hungry.
Tom and Mary say that they'll think about it.
Tom and Mary say that they'll never go again.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do that for me.
Tom and Mary say that they'll call you later.
Tom and Mary say that they'd love to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they won't get married.
Tom and Mary say that they want to walk home.
Tom and Mary say that they want to come, too.
Tom and Mary say that they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary say that they regret doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they might go shopping.
Tom and Mary say that they like Chinese food.
Tom and Mary say that they hope that you win.
Tom and Mary say that they feel the same way.
Tom and Mary say that they don't care at all.
Tom and Mary say that they did nothing wrong.
Tom and Mary say that they can't do that yet.
Tom and Mary say that they can help us today.
Tom and Mary say that they can do that today.
Tom and Mary say that they believe in ghosts.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't sleepy yet.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't interested.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't hungry yet.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't happy here.
Tom and Mary say everyone they know can swim.
Tom and Mary save over 80% of what they earn.
Tom and Mary said they think it's impossible.
Tom and Mary said they just couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they felt extremely guilty.
Tom and Mary said their schedule has changed.
Tom and Mary said their house wasn't damaged.
Tom and Mary said that you were their friend.
Tom and Mary said that you told them to wait.
Tom and Mary said that they think we can win.
Tom and Mary said that they don't plan to go.
Tom and Mary said that their backs were sore.
Tom and Mary said that John was their friend.
Tom and Mary said that John was their cousin.
Tom and Mary realized that they had to leave.
Tom and Mary put too much sugar in their tea.
Tom and Mary put their rackets on the ground.
Tom and Mary put their keys in their pockets.
Tom and Mary put their hats back on and left.
Tom and Mary put their fingers to their lips.
Tom and Mary put their books in their locker.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd be on time.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't cry.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't care.
Tom and Mary poke their nose into everything.
Tom and Mary pledged their continued support.
Tom and Mary pitched their tent next to mine.
Tom and Mary only do that when they're upset.
Tom and Mary only do that when they're tired.
Tom and Mary only do that when they're angry.
Tom and Mary often don't keep their promises.
Tom and Mary nodded their heads in agreement.
Tom and Mary never talk about their feelings.
Tom and Mary never take off their sunglasses.
Tom and Mary never did what you say they did.
Tom and Mary needed someone they could trust.
Tom and Mary must've gotten over their colds.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten their promise.
Tom and Mary must still be in their thirties.
Tom and Mary mostly talked about their trips.
Tom and Mary might've eaten before they came.
Tom and Mary may go with you if they want to.
Tom and Mary made their position quite clear.
Tom and Mary lost what little money they had.
Tom and Mary looked tired when they got home.
Tom and Mary look like they're up to no good.
Tom and Mary look like they're ready to work.
Tom and Mary like to watch TV while they eat.
Tom and Mary like their coffee without sugar.
Tom and Mary like me more than they like you.
Tom and Mary knew what they'd done was wrong.
Tom and Mary knew that they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they had to apologize.
Tom and Mary kicked the snow off their boots.
Tom and Mary keep their bedroom doors locked.
Tom and Mary insisted that they didn't do it.
Tom and Mary hung their diplomas on the wall.
Tom and Mary hoped they wouldn't be captured.
Tom and Mary hope they'll be able to do that.
Tom and Mary hope they won't be disqualified.
Tom and Mary hope that they won't be demoted.
Tom and Mary hid the money in their basement.
Tom and Mary heard somebody yell their names.
Tom and Mary haven't yet made up their minds.
Tom and Mary haven't violated their contract.
Tom and Mary haven't said what they might do.
Tom and Mary haven't painted their house yet.
Tom and Mary haven't made up their minds yet.
Tom and Mary haven't finished their training.
Tom and Mary have three cars in their garage.
Tom and Mary have something they want to say.
Tom and Mary have had their houses repainted.
Tom and Mary have got things they need to do.
Tom and Mary have assured me they'll do that.
Tom and Mary had to pay their rent yesterday.
Tom and Mary had other things on their minds.
Tom and Mary had one of their legs amputated.
Tom and Mary had no idea what they should do.
Tom and Mary had burns all over their bodies.
Tom and Mary got you in trouble, didn't they?
Tom and Mary get to do whatever they want to.
Tom and Mary gave everything they owned away.
Tom and Mary gave away everything they owned.
Tom and Mary gave $to each of their sons.
Tom and Mary found their keys under the sofa.
Tom and Mary forgot to renew their passports.
Tom and Mary forgot to pay their phone bills.
Tom and Mary forgot to bring their swimsuits.
Tom and Mary forgot their trumpets at school.
Tom and Mary filled their glasses with water.
Tom and Mary figured they couldn't afford it.
Tom and Mary figured that they could do that.
Tom and Mary felt they needed to make amends.
Tom and Mary explained their reasons clearly.
Tom and Mary explained their plans in detail.
Tom and Mary eat steak every chance they get.
Tom and Mary earned their doctorates in 2013.
Tom and Mary don't want their pictures taken.
Tom and Mary don't use salt in their cooking.
Tom and Mary don't realize what they've done.
Tom and Mary don't put sugar in their coffee.
Tom and Mary don't often admit they're wrong.
Tom and Mary don't look like they're unhappy.
Tom and Mary don't like milk in their coffee.
Tom and Mary don't know where they should go.
Tom and Mary don't know where their keys are.
Tom and Mary don't know what they have to do.
Tom and Mary don't celebrate their birthdays.
Tom and Mary don't believe that they can win.
Tom and Mary didn't want to sell their house.
Tom and Mary didn't want to go, but they did.
Tom and Mary didn't want their picture taken.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me where they lived.
Tom and Mary didn't need to go, but they did.
Tom and Mary didn't mention what they'd done.
Tom and Mary didn't look up from their books.
Tom and Mary didn't know what they should do.
Tom and Mary didn't know what they had to do.
Tom and Mary didn't know how they could help.
Tom and Mary didn't invite me to their party.
Tom and Mary didn't get what they wished for.
Tom and Mary didn't do what you say they did.
Tom and Mary didn't deny they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary did what they'd been told to do.
Tom and Mary did what they thought was right.
Tom and Mary did the best that they could do.
Tom and Mary did it as quickly as they could.
Tom and Mary definitely meant what they said.
Tom and Mary dangled their feet in the water.
Tom and Mary cried when they heard the story.
Tom and Mary couldn't hide their frustration.
Tom and Mary couldn't do what they had to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't control their emotions.
Tom and Mary couldn't believe their bad luck.
Tom and Mary could've fallen to their deaths.
Tom and Mary could no longer hide their fear.
Tom and Mary could hardly believe their luck.
Tom and Mary could go home if they wanted to.
Tom and Mary could do what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary completed their degrees in 2013.
Tom and Mary claimed they'd been brainwashed.
Tom and Mary claimed that they could do that.
Tom and Mary change their minds all the time.
Tom and Mary can't see without their glasses.
Tom and Mary can't come because they're sick.
Tom and Mary came out of their hiding places.
Tom and Mary burned all of their possessions.
Tom and Mary brushed the snow off their hats.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what they did wrong.
Tom and Mary aren't ashamed of what they did.
Tom and Mary aren't as innocent as they seem.
Tom and Mary threw their old notebooks away.
Tom and Mary thought they'd find other jobs.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to die.
Tom and Mary thought they might be able win.
Tom and Mary thought their legs were broken.
Tom and Mary thought that I'd let them down.
Tom and Mary think their houses are haunted.
Tom and Mary talk like they know everything.
Tom and Mary take good care of their horses.
Tom and Mary swore that they'd quit smoking.
Tom and Mary swore that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary swear that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary straightened up their bedrooms.
Tom and Mary stopped to catch their breaths.
Tom and Mary stayed longer than they needed.
Tom and Mary stayed longer than they had to.
Tom and Mary started to pack up their stuff.
Tom and Mary started to empty their pockets.
Tom and Mary sometimes eat in their bedroom.
Tom and Mary showed their photo album to us.
Tom and Mary showed their photo album to me.
Tom and Mary showed the bartender their IDs.
Tom and Mary should've filled up their tank.
Tom and Mary shook their heads in disbelief.
Tom and Mary seemed to have lost their keys.
Tom and Mary screamed as loud as they could.
Tom and Mary say they've done nothing wrong.
Tom and Mary say they're too tired to study.
Tom and Mary say they'll pay for everything.
Tom and Mary say they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary say they want to quit the band.
Tom and Mary say they plan to take pictures.
Tom and Mary say they only eat organic food.
Tom and Mary say they never lock their door.
Tom and Mary say they have other priorities.
Tom and Mary say they found it on the bench.
Tom and Mary say they feel comfortable here.
Tom and Mary say they didn't have insurance.
Tom and Mary say they can't stay for dinner.
Tom and Mary say they can't remember things.
Tom and Mary say they can't find their hats.
Tom and Mary say they can't believe anybody.
Tom and Mary say they always do it this way.
Tom and Mary say they're good at doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they've taught French.
Tom and Mary say that they're ready to help.
Tom and Mary say that they're pretty hungry.
Tom and Mary say that they're not tired yet.
Tom and Mary say that they're not giving up.
Tom and Mary say that they're not concerned.
Tom and Mary say that they're good at chess.
Tom and Mary say that they're feeling tired.
Tom and Mary say that they'll never give up.
Tom and Mary say that they'll never do that.
Tom and Mary say that they'll help us today.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do that later.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do that again.
Tom and Mary say that they'd rather go home.
Tom and Mary say that they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary say that they want to meet you.
Tom and Mary say that they want to help you.
Tom and Mary say that they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they need another car.
Tom and Mary say that they hope you do that.
Tom and Mary say that they feel like crying.
Tom and Mary say that they enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they don't want to go.
Tom and Mary say that they don't need money.
Tom and Mary say that they don't like money.
Tom and Mary say that they don't feel tired.
Tom and Mary say that they can fix anything.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't tired yet.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't giving up.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't concerned.
Tom and Mary said what they intended to say.
Tom and Mary said they think they won't win.
Tom and Mary said their stomachs still hurt.
Tom and Mary said their house wasn't locked.
Tom and Mary said that wasn't their problem.
Tom and Mary said that they liked good wine.
Tom and Mary said that they don't want this.
Tom and Mary said that they don't feel well.
Tom and Mary said that John was their uncle.
Tom and Mary said more than they'd intended.
Tom and Mary said John wouldn't let them in.
Tom and Mary rode their bicycles everywhere.
Tom and Mary ride their bicycles everywhere.
Tom and Mary repeated what they'd just said.
Tom and Mary really know what they're doing.
Tom and Mary really are stupid, aren't they?
Tom and Mary realized they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary put their heads out the window.
Tom and Mary put their glasses of wine down.
Tom and Mary put their bags under the table.
Tom and Mary put down their glasses of wine.
Tom and Mary put clean sheets on their beds.
Tom and Mary promised you that, didn't they?
Tom and Mary practiced their scales all day.
Tom and Mary overslept and missed their bus.
Tom and Mary ought to talk to their lawyers.
Tom and Mary often swear when they're angry.
Tom and Mary often forget to pay their rent.
Tom and Mary never forgot to pay their rent.
Tom and Mary never forget to pay their rent.
Tom and Mary need somebody they could trust.
Tom and Mary must realize what they've done.
Tom and Mary must pay for what they've done.
Tom and Mary mostly talked about their trip.
Tom and Mary might still change their minds.
Tom and Mary managed to control their anger.
Tom and Mary make enough to pay their bills.
Tom and Mary lost my respect when they quit.
Tom and Mary look like they're discontented.
Tom and Mary leaned forward in their chairs.
Tom and Mary later died from their injuries.
Tom and Mary know what they're getting into.
Tom and Mary knew they wouldn't be replaced.
Tom and Mary knew they wouldn't be expelled.
Tom and Mary knew they wouldn't be arrested.
Tom and Mary knew they needed to leave town.
Tom and Mary knew they had no time to spare.
Tom and Mary knew they couldn't be replaced.
Tom and Mary knew that they'd said too much.
Tom and Mary just changed their minds again.
Tom and Mary just can't make up their minds.
Tom and Mary invite me to all their parties.
Tom and Mary insisted that they acted alone.
Tom and Mary informed me of their decisions.
Tom and Mary hurt their arms when they fell.
Tom and Mary hired me to paint their houses.
Tom and Mary held their hats in their hands.
Tom and Mary heard their names being called.
Tom and Mary heard someone yell their names.
Tom and Mary haven't opened their books yet.
Tom and Mary haven't been paying their rent.
Tom and Mary have woken up from their comas.
Tom and Mary have something they need to do.
Tom and Mary have said that they'll do that.
Tom and Mary have problems with their backs.
Tom and Mary have no money in their pockets.
Tom and Mary have had their house repainted.
Tom and Mary hardly ever lose their tempers.
Tom and Mary handed their keys to the valet.
Tom and Mary had trouble finding their keys.
Tom and Mary had their wisdom teeth removed.
Tom and Mary had their houses painted white.
Tom and Mary got up to put their jackets on.
Tom and Mary got up to put on their jackets.
Tom and Mary got rid of their old computers.
Tom and Mary got exactly what they deserved.
Tom and Mary gave some oats to their horses.
Tom and Mary gave it to me before they died.
Tom and Mary forgot to pay their phone bill.
Tom and Mary filled their glasses with wine.
Tom and Mary filled their buckets with sand.
Tom and Mary filled their bags with walnuts.
Tom and Mary felt like they'd been betrayed.
Tom and Mary expressed their disappointment.
Tom and Mary explained their plan in detail.
Tom and Mary eventually changed their minds.
Tom and Mary drowned in their swimming pool.
Tom and Mary don't want to sell their farms.
Tom and Mary don't want their picture taken.
Tom and Mary don't think it was their fault.
Tom and Mary don't remember their passwords.
Tom and Mary don't know where they're going.
Tom and Mary don't know what they should do.
Tom and Mary don't know I wish they'd leave.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me where they went.
Tom and Mary didn't pay their taxes on time.
Tom and Mary didn't care if they won or not.
Tom and Mary did what I expected them to do.
Tom and Mary did their duty, and I did mine.
Tom and Mary denied they'd stolen the money.
Tom and Mary decided to keep their distance.
Tom and Mary cut the rope with their knives.
Tom and Mary couldn't take their gloves off.
Tom and Mary couldn't take off their gloves.
Tom and Mary couldn't hide their excitement.
Tom and Mary couldn't control their tempers.
Tom and Mary couldn't believe what they saw.
Tom and Mary consulted with their attorneys.
Tom and Mary claimed that they've done that.
Tom and Mary claimed that they didn't do it.
Tom and Mary claim they have psychic powers.
Tom and Mary claim they had second thoughts.
Tom and Mary claim that they don't remember.
Tom and Mary certainly think they're clever.
Tom and Mary carefully took off their masks.
Tom and Mary came out of their hiding place.
Tom and Mary bragged about what they'd done.
Tom and Mary aren't wearing their seatbelts.
Tom and Mary aren't wearing their new coats.
Tom and Mary aren't wearing their lab coats.
Tom and Mary aren't sure that they're ready.
Tom and Mary aren't big, but they're strong.
Tom and Mary thought they must be mistaken.
Tom and Mary thought their legs was broken.
Tom and Mary take good care of their horse.
Tom and Mary swore that they were innocent.
Tom and Mary swear that they won't do that.
Tom and Mary straightened up their bedroom.
Tom and Mary stopped taking their medicine.
Tom and Mary still say they don't blame me.
Tom and Mary still haven't paid their rent.
Tom and Mary still deny that they did that.
Tom and Mary spent the night in their vans.
Tom and Mary soon realized they were alone.
Tom and Mary sold their house for $300,000.
Tom and Mary slowly rose from their chairs.
Tom and Mary sleep with their windows open.
Tom and Mary showed their portfolios to me.
Tom and Mary should keep their mouths shut.
Tom and Mary shook their heads and laughed.
Tom and Mary say they've never eaten sushi.
Tom and Mary say they've never coming back.
Tom and Mary say they've been told to stay.
Tom and Mary say they'll never leave early.
Tom and Mary say they'll never do it again.
Tom and Mary say they want to come with us.
Tom and Mary say they need to do that, too.
Tom and Mary say they have nothing to hide.
Tom and Mary say they have no other choice.
Tom and Mary say they did it for the money.
Tom and Mary say they definitely won't win.
Tom and Mary say they can't wait that long.
Tom and Mary say they can't go any further.
Tom and Mary say they can't believe anyone.
Tom and Mary say they believe they can win.
Tom and Mary say they also want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they also need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they also have to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're really sorry.
Tom and Mary say that they're not done yet.
Tom and Mary say that they're disappointed.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do just that.
Tom and Mary say that they'd rather not go.
Tom and Mary say that they'd never do that.
Tom and Mary say that they won't come back.
Tom and Mary say that they want to help us.
Tom and Mary say that they used to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they still need help.
Tom and Mary say that they need to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they need time alone.
Tom and Mary say that they lost their keys.
Tom and Mary say that they like to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they like doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they have to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they have no regrets.
Tom and Mary say that they have experience.
Tom and Mary say that they feel better now.
Tom and Mary say that they dream in French.
Tom and Mary say that they can't stay long.
Tom and Mary say that they can write songs.
Tom and Mary say that they can change that.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't done yet.
Tom and Mary said you wouldn't let them in.
Tom and Mary said they think it's possible.
Tom and Mary said they don't smoke anymore.
Tom and Mary said their houses were locked.
Tom and Mary said that they liked swimming.
Tom and Mary said that they don't eat pork.
Tom and Mary said that they don't eat meat.
Tom and Mary rode their bikes to the store.
Tom and Mary rode their bicycles to school.
Tom and Mary rode their bicycles every day.
Tom and Mary ride their bicycles to school.
Tom and Mary refused to change their minds.
Tom and Mary reflected on what they'd done.
Tom and Mary realize they're being ignored.
Tom and Mary put their books in their bags.
Tom and Mary put their bags on the counter.
Tom and Mary put something in their mouths.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd be there.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd do it.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't know me.
Tom and Mary played on their college teams.
Tom and Mary picked up their bags and left.
Tom and Mary picked their bags up and left.
Tom and Mary paused to catch their breaths.
Tom and Mary ought to talk to their lawyer.
Tom and Mary only swear when they're angry.
Tom and Mary never came out of their comas.
Tom and Mary nervously shuffled their feet.
Tom and Mary needed help doing their taxes.
Tom and Mary need to talk to their lawyers.
Tom and Mary need to take their medication.
Tom and Mary need to renew their passports.
Tom and Mary need to regain their strength.
Tom and Mary need to change their behavior.
Tom and Mary need someone they could trust.
Tom and Mary may talk to whoever they want.
Tom and Mary made up their minds weeks ago.
Tom and Mary looked up from their notepads.
Tom and Mary look like they're unconvinced.
Tom and Mary look like they're unconscious.
Tom and Mary look like they're unconcerned.
Tom and Mary look like they're intoxicated.
Tom and Mary left their trumpets at school.
Tom and Mary left their houses before dawn.
Tom and Mary leave their radios on all day.
Tom and Mary knew they should study French.
Tom and Mary knew they had to do something.
Tom and Mary knew that they'd have to wait.
Tom and Mary knew that they should do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary kept their end of the bargain.
Tom and Mary informed me of their decision.
Tom and Mary hoped that they could do that.
Tom and Mary hope they don't botch the job.
Tom and Mary hired me to paint their house.
Tom and Mary helped you today, didn't they?
Tom and Mary held up their end of the deal.
Tom and Mary held their breaths and waited.
Tom and Mary haven't yet sold their houses.
Tom and Mary haven't sold their houses yet.
Tom and Mary haven't lost their confidence.
Tom and Mary have to take their medication.
Tom and Mary have to renew their passports.
Tom and Mary have to pay for what they did.
Tom and Mary have something in their hands.
Tom and Mary have said that they won't win.
Tom and Mary have said that they can't win.
Tom and Mary have promised they'll do that.
Tom and Mary had their house painted white.
Tom and Mary got yelled at by their bosses.
Tom and Mary got rid of their old computer.
Tom and Mary got rid of their old bicycles.
Tom and Mary got back on their motorcycles.
Tom and Mary go swimming whenever they can.
Tom and Mary gave me this before they died.
Tom and Mary gathered their stuff and left.
Tom and Mary found the watches they'd lost.
Tom and Mary forgot to turn their mics off.
Tom and Mary failed to keep their promises.
Tom and Mary extinguished their cigarettes.
Tom and Mary explained their reasons to me.
Tom and Mary don't want to sell their land.
Tom and Mary don't want to sell their farm.
Tom and Mary don't think before they speak.
Tom and Mary don't talk to their neighbors.
Tom and Mary don't seem too happy, do they?
Tom and Mary don't seem that busy, do they?
Tom and Mary don't look like they're happy.
Tom and Mary don't have what they want yet.
Tom and Mary do that every chance they get.
Tom and Mary do everything they're told to.
Tom and Mary didn't want us at their party.
Tom and Mary didn't resign. They got fired.
Tom and Mary didn't regret their decisions.
Tom and Mary didn't hurt anybody, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't do what they had to do.
Tom and Mary didn't complete their degrees.
Tom and Mary did what they'd planned to do.
Tom and Mary did the only thing they could.
Tom and Mary did everything I told them to.
Tom and Mary deny they did that on purpose.
Tom and Mary denied they'd stolen anything.
Tom and Mary denied they agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't take their socks off.
Tom and Mary couldn't take off their socks.
Tom and Mary couldn't get their gloves off.
Tom and Mary couldn't find their passports.
Tom and Mary consulted with their attorney.
Tom and Mary claimed that they acted alone.
Tom and Mary claim they can see the future.
Tom and Mary claim that they're telepathic.
Tom and Mary can say what they want to say.
Tom and Mary can rest as long as they want.
Tom and Mary can have everything they want.
Tom and Mary burned all of their old books.
Tom and Mary both reached for their phones.
Tom and Mary aren't wearing their uniforms.
Tom and Mary aren't used to their new jobs.
Tom and Mary aren't sure that they can win.
Tom and Mary aren't sure how they got here.
Tom and Mary tied their boats to the dock.
Tom and Mary thought they were very lucky.
Tom and Mary thought they were being cute.
Tom and Mary thought that they'd help out.
Tom and Mary thought that they were dying.
Tom and Mary thought that they were alone.
Tom and Mary think their house is haunted.
Tom and Mary swore they'd never done that.
Tom and Mary suddenly changed their minds.
Tom and Mary struggled to pay their bills.
Tom and Mary still hope that they can win.
Tom and Mary spoke with their supervisors.
Tom and Mary spoke with their mouths full.
Tom and Mary spilled wine on their shirts.
Tom and Mary spilled soup on their shirts.
Tom and Mary spent the night in their van.
Tom and Mary sold all of their belongings.
Tom and Mary smiled and shook their heads.
Tom and Mary slumped back in their chairs.
Tom and Mary sleep with their window open.
Tom and Mary sighed and shook their heads.
Tom and Mary showed us their photo albums.
Tom and Mary showed their schedules to me.
Tom and Mary showed me their photo albums.
Tom and Mary should talk to their lawyers.
Tom and Mary should take their medication.
Tom and Mary shook their heads in disgust.
Tom and Mary shook their heads and smiled.
Tom and Mary seem to have lost their keys.
Tom and Mary say they've never grown corn.
Tom and Mary say they're ready to do that.
Tom and Mary say they'll agree to do that.
Tom and Mary say they'd never leave early.
Tom and Mary say they won't help us today.
Tom and Mary say they won't do it anymore.
Tom and Mary say they want to settle down.
Tom and Mary say they like their new jobs.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to fight.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember much.
Tom and Mary say they don't like children.
Tom and Mary say they did nothing illegal.
Tom and Mary say they can't trust anybody.
Tom and Mary say they already feel better.
Tom and Mary say they're glad you're here.
Tom and Mary say that they've never cried.
Tom and Mary say that they're very hungry.
Tom and Mary say that they're ready to go.
Tom and Mary say that they're not worried.
Tom and Mary say that they're not thirsty.
Tom and Mary say that they won't ever win.
Tom and Mary say that they want to change.
Tom and Mary say that they should do that.
Tom and Mary say that they seldom do that.
Tom and Mary say that they saw everything.
Tom and Mary say that they never did that.
Tom and Mary say that they need more time.
Tom and Mary say that they like marigolds.
Tom and Mary say that they have no choice.
Tom and Mary say that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they don't ever win.
Tom and Mary say that they can't eat nuts.
Tom and Mary say that they can pay for it.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't worried.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't thirsty.
Tom and Mary said they don't hunt anymore.
Tom and Mary said the decision was theirs.
Tom and Mary said that their bus was late.
Tom and Mary said that it was their fault.
Tom and Mary returned to their hotel room.
Tom and Mary replied they'd be glad to go.
Tom and Mary reluctantly took their seats.
Tom and Mary recently dyed their hair red.
Tom and Mary really are good, aren't they?
Tom and Mary realized that they might die.
Tom and Mary ran as quickly as they could.
Tom and Mary put their sunglasses back on.
Tom and Mary put their houses up for sale.
Tom and Mary put their headphones back on.
Tom and Mary promised they'd speak French.
Tom and Mary promised they would be there.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd tell us.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd help us.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd help.
Tom and Mary played on their college team.
Tom and Mary packed their things and left.
Tom and Mary only do what they want to do.
Tom and Mary never pay their rent on time.
Tom and Mary needed to change their plans.
Tom and Mary need to talk to their lawyer.
Tom and Mary need to pay their rent today.
Tom and Mary need to cancel their flights.
Tom and Mary nearly fell off their chairs.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten their keys.
Tom and Mary must conserve their strength.
Tom and Mary may have missed their trains.
Tom and Mary may go wherever they want to.
Tom and Mary lost their driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary look like they're suspicious.
Tom and Mary look like they're distracted.
Tom and Mary look like they're displeased.
Tom and Mary look like they're determined.
Tom and Mary locked their keys in the car.
Tom and Mary like me and I like them, too.
Tom and Mary left their passports at home.
Tom and Mary left their keys on the table.
Tom and Mary left their house before dawn.
Tom and Mary left their hats on the table.
Tom and Mary left their bags on the train.
Tom and Mary leave their radio on all day.
Tom and Mary know I'm older than they are.
Tom and Mary knew that they ought to move.
Tom and Mary knew that they had to escape.
Tom and Mary knew that they had no choice.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't stay.
Tom and Mary kept their heads above water.
Tom and Mary just do what they want to do.
Tom and Mary just came out of their comas.
Tom and Mary insisted they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary insist that they're innocent.
Tom and Mary haven't yet sold their house.
Tom and Mary haven't sold their house yet.
Tom and Mary have to pay their rent today.
Tom and Mary have come out of their comas.
Tom and Mary hardly ever use their phones.
Tom and Mary had their hair cut yesterday.
Tom and Mary had something in their hands.
Tom and Mary had scratches on their faces.
Tom and Mary got wiser as they grew older.
Tom and Mary got off of their motorcycles.
Tom and Mary got first prize, didn't they?
Tom and Mary glanced over their shoulders.
Tom and Mary get to do whatever they want.
Tom and Mary gave each of their sons $300.
Tom and Mary finally found their way home.
Tom and Mary failed to keep their promise.
Tom and Mary dyed their old T-shirts blue.
Tom and Mary drank some beer, didn't they?
Tom and Mary don't think it's their fault.
Tom and Mary don't look so happy, do they?
Tom and Mary don't know where they belong.
Tom and Mary didn't take their gloves off.
Tom and Mary didn't take off their gloves.
Tom and Mary didn't regret their decision.
Tom and Mary didn't hurt anyone, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't give their real names.
Tom and Mary didn't even lock their doors.
Tom and Mary didn't do it again, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't check their mailboxes.
Tom and Mary did what they intended to do.
Tom and Mary did the very best they could.
Tom and Mary did that as they'd been told.
Tom and Mary did everything they could do.
Tom and Mary deserved everything they got.
Tom and Mary decided to sell their houses.
Tom and Mary couldn't make up their minds.
Tom and Mary couldn't hide their feelings.
Tom and Mary couldn't get their gloves on.
Tom and Mary couldn't find their way back.
