The last time I saw Tom, he was thirteen.
It's no secret that Tom doesn't like you.
It seemed Tom was getting ready to leave.
I'd hoped we could do without Tom's help.
I wonder whether Tom knows how busy I am.
I usually eat breakfast at seven o'clock.
I think that I asked the right questions.
I think Tom's plan is better than Mary's.
I swear I didn't know Tom would be there.
I may be able to convince Tom to do that.
I doubt the police are going to find Tom.
I doubt the police are going to bust Tom.
I don't think that the jury believed Tom.
I don't know anyone there except for Tom.
I didn't know that Tom lived in the dorm.
I didn't know Tom lived in the dormitory.
I couldn't ever marry somebody like that.
Do you think Tom and Mary will get along?
Didn't you know Tom was taller than Mary?
Are you sure Tom didn't suspect anything?
Why do you think that that cost so much?
Why did you tell Tom that I'm in Boston?
Tom won't wait more than thirty minutes.
Tom was nice enough to lend money to me.
Tom lets his kids do whatever they want.
Tom is going to buy a fur coat for Mary.
There was nobody in the room except Tom.
There was No one in the room except Tom.
The police suspect that Tom was drugged.
The police believe that Tom acted alone.
Somebody is waiting for us in the lobby.
Somebody has got to tell Tom what to do.
It's good that that didn't happen to us.
Is there something you want to tell Tom?
I'm waiting for my children to get home.
I'm pretty sure Tom lives in Boston now.
I'm glad to see that Tom is happy again.
I wish you wouldn't call me Tom anymore.
I think that question isn't appropriate.
I swear I didn't know Tom would do that.
I suppose that you're talking about Tom.
I suppose that Tom is unable to do that.
I promised Tom I'd play tennis with him.
I promised Tom I'd go swimming with him.
I promised Tom I'd go shopping with him.
I hope that Tom doesn't need to do that.
I hope that Tom didn't suspect anything.
I have the impression Tom is doing well.
I don't believe your name is really Tom.
I didn't think that Tom would be so sad.
I didn't think that Tom would be so mad.
I didn't know you and Tom were brothers.
I couldn't ever marry someone like that.
I can't believe that Tom is really here.
Everyone knows we don't like each other.
Don't you think Tom should see a doctor?
Don't forget tomorrow is Tom's birthday.
Who told Tom that he shouldn't do that?
Who told Tom that he needed to do that?
Tom was probably thirteen at that time.
Someone is waiting for us in the lobby.
Someone has got to tell Tom what to do.
I've already told you what's happening.
I'm the one who gave Tom that umbrella.
I'm afraid they're going to arrest Tom.
I wonder if Tom knows how unhappy I am.
I wish you wouldn't always yell at Tom.
I was happy to hear Tom wasn't injured.
I told Tom that I didn't need his help.
I thought that Tom was still in prison.
I thought that Tom had a place to stay.
I think you should be careful with Tom.
I think that Tom understood everything.
I think that Tom is going to dump Mary.
I think that Tom is expecting somebody.
I think Tom might have some good ideas.
I promised Tom I'd go fishing with him.
I promised Tom I'd go bowling with him.
I hope we don't have problems with Tom.
I hope that Tom doesn't come back here.
I don't think many people will do that.
Don't tell me that you still trust Tom.
Did you read the letter that Tom wrote?
Who told Tom that he ought to do that?
Tom is in the next room with his kids.
This picture is a little out of focus.
The police think that Tom acted alone.
The police suspect Tom killed himself.
That was the last time that I saw Tom.
Tell Tom that I'd like to talk to him.
I've already told you what's going on.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is on campus.
I'm not sure whether Tom will show up.
I wonder if Tom knows how lonely I am.
I wish that you'd stop calling me Tom.
I want to go with Tom to the hospital.
I want to go to the hospital with Tom.
I thought that Tom would meet us here.
I thought Tom would enjoy seeing this.
I thought Tom was too busy to help us.
I think that Tom will never be famous.
I think that Tom is unable to do that.
I think that Tom is expecting someone.
I think now it's time for us to leave.
I still can't believe Tom got married.
I have to tell Tom and everybody else.
I don't think your name is really Tom.
I don't think that Tom was busy today.
I don't know anybody here, except Tom.
I didn't realize that Tom was in pain.
Have you told Tom that we'll be there?
You're the only one that I can trust.
You didn't even tell me Tom had died.
You can't deny what Tom said is true.
Why did you tell Tom that we're here?
What do you think that Tom should do?
What do you guys think Tom should do?
Tom was nice enough to lend me money.
Tom was killed the same way Mary was.
Tom gets impatient with his children.
That was the last day that I saw Tom.
Tell me everything that Tom told you.
Tell Tom I'm waiting for him at home.
Someone's got to tell Tom what to do.
It's very unlikely that Tom will win.
It's strange that that didn't happen.
It might be that Tom didn't see Mary.
It could be that Tom didn't see Mary.
I'm the one who gave that hat to Tom.
I'm sure that Tom will do that again.
I'm not afraid of anybody except Tom.
I wish that Tom wouldn't be so noisy.
I think that Tom knows how to fix it.
I still can't believe Tom is married.
I heard Tom has married a rich widow.
I have to tell Tom and everyone else.
I don't think that Tom is the killer.
I didn't think Tom would be so happy.
Do you think you're going to miss it?
Do you think that we should tell Tom?
Did you tell Tom that we'll be there?
Did you know Tom was in the hospital?
You're the only person that I trust.
Who told Tom that he should do that?
Who told Tom that he had to do that?
Tom was maybe thirteen at that time.
Tom says that he'll drive Mary home.
Tom is on the phone with his father.
Tom is going to buy Mary a fur coat.
The police suspect Tom was murdered.
Tell Tom that I want to talk to him.
It's no secret Tom doesn't like you.
It's a pity that Tom won't be there.
I'm waiting for my kids to get home.
I'm not afraid of anyone except Tom.
I wonder if Tom knows how busy I am.
I think that Tom is making progress.
I think I asked the right questions.
I knew eventually this would happen.
I don't think the jury believed Tom.
I don't think that Tom remembers me.
I didn't know Tom lived in the dorm.
Are you sure that it belongs to Tom?
Why do you think that cost so much?
Why did you tell Tom I'm in Boston?
The police suspect Tom was drugged.
The police believe Tom acted alone.
The house Tom built is really nice.
It's good that didn't happen to us.
It may be that Tom didn't see Mary.
I'm glad to see Tom is happy again.
I wish that Tom would do something.
I wish that Tom were more like you.
I think that Tom will talk to Mary.
I suppose you're talking about Tom.
I suppose Tom is unable to do that.
I promised to send a letter to Tom.
I hope Tom didn't suspect anything.
I don't remember anybody named Tom.
I didn't know that you didn't know.
Hardly anybody expected Tom to win.
Did you tell Tom that we're coming?
Aren't you glad Tom didn't do that?
Who told Tom he shouldn't do that?
Who told Tom he needed to do that?
Tom is married and has three kids.
Tom has been giving money to Mary.
Tell Tom that I have a broken leg.
Nobody was in the room except Tom.
No one was in the room except Tom.
I wish that Tom was more like you.
I told Tom I didn't need his help.
I thought that Tom was a nice boy.
I thought Tom was still in prison.
I thought Tom had a place to stay.
I think that Tom isn't a Canadian.
I think Tom understood everything.
I think Tom is going to dump Mary.
I think Tom is expecting somebody.
I suspect that Tom is on vacation.
I suppose that Tom will like that.
I hope Tom doesn't come back here.
Hardly anyone expected Tom to win.
Do you think that I look like Tom?
Did you read the letter Tom wrote?
You're the only one that I trust.
Who told Tom he ought to do that?
Where do you think that Tom went?
Tom said that he was feeling sad.
Tom is on the phone with his dad.
Tom gets impatient with his kids.
Tom doesn't let anybody help him.
The police think Tom acted alone.
I'm pretty sure Tom is on campus.
I'm not sure if Tom will show up.
I'm glad that Tom wasn't injured.
I want to give some money to Tom.
I usually eat breakfast at seven.
I thought that Tom was satisfied.
I thought Tom would meet us here.
I think Tom will never be famous.
I think Tom is unable to do that.
I think Tom is expecting someone.
I know that Tom loves basketball.
I don't think that Tom will back.
I don't think Tom was busy today.
I didn't realize Tom was in pain.
How much does Tom earn per month?
Have you told Tom we'll be there?
Does anybody know where Tom went?
Why did you tell Tom we're here?
Tom doesn't let anyone help him.
This photograph is out of focus.
That was the last day I saw Tom.
Tell me everything Tom told you.
Promise that you won't tell Tom.
Nobody but Tom knows what to do.
No one but Tom knows what to do.
It's very unlikely Tom will win.
It's unlikely that Tom will win.
It's strange that that happened.
It's strange that didn't happen.
It might be Tom didn't see Mary.
It could be Tom didn't see Mary.
I'm sure Tom will do that again.
I wish that Tom were my brother.
I wish Tom wouldn't be so noisy.
I usually eat breakfast at 7:00.
I think that Tom is on vacation.
I think Tom knows how to fix it.
I know that Tom is very amusing.
I hoped that Tom would say that.
I don't think that Tom is vegan.
I don't think Tom is the killer.
Do you think we should tell Tom?
Did you tell Tom we'll be there?
Who told Tom he had to do that?
Where do you think that Tom is?
Tom says he'll drive Mary home.
Tom said that he felt insulted.
Tom is just thirteen years old.
Tom has been giving Mary money.
Tell Tom that it was a mistake.
It's a pity Tom won't be there.
Is it true that you were there?
I think that that'll be enough.
I think that Tom is very angry.
I think that Tom is expecting both of us.
I think Tom is making progress.
I don't think Tom remembers me.
Do you think that Tom is right?
Are you sure it belongs to Tom?
Tom was proud of his children.
Tom says that he's feeling OK.
Somebody needs to go with Tom.
Somebody gave a ticket to Tom.
It may be Tom didn't see Mary.
I'm sure that you'll like Tom.
I'm sure that you'll find Tom.
I wish Tom would do something.
I want to give Tom some money.
I think that Tom hurt his leg.
I think Tom will talk to Mary.
I saw everything that Tom did.
I didn't know you didn't know.
Did you tell Tom we're coming?
Are the three of you brothers?
This picture is out of focus.
Someone needs to go with Tom.
Someone gave a ticket to Tom.
I'm glad that Tom isn't here.
I wish that Tom weren't here.
I wish Tom was more like you.
I thought Tom was a nice boy.
I think Tom isn't a Canadian.
I suspect Tom is on vacation.
I suppose Tom will like that.
I suggest that you ignore it.
I hope that we see Tom again.
Tom said he was feeling sad.
Tom is happy that Mary came.
Somebody is waiting for you.
I'm glad that Tom got fired.
I'd say that Tom is jealous.
I thought that Tom was cool.
I thought Tom was satisfied.
I think that Tom was hungry.
I think Tom hasn't left yet.
I know Tom loves basketball.
I don't think Tom will back.
Everybody was afraid of Tom.
Tom is glad that Mary came.
Tom is Mary's oldest child.
Someone is waiting for you.
Somebody gave Tom a ticket.
Nobody expected Tom to win.
It's strange that happened.
I wish Tom were my brother.
I think Tom is on vacation.
I know Tom is very amusing.
I hoped Tom would say that.
I don't think Tom is vegan.
Everyone was afraid of Tom.
Tom was proud of his kids.
Tom said he felt insulted.
Someone gave Tom a ticket.
Somebody must go with Tom.
Is it true you were there?
I wish Tom was my brother.
I think Tom is very angry.
I think Tom is expecting both of us.
I fell asleep on the sofa.
Tom is proud of his kids.
Tom is Mary's oldest kid.
Someone must go with Tom.
I'm sure you'll find Tom.
I think Tom hurt his leg.
I saw everything Tom did.
Tom hasn't yet given up.
Somebody gave Tom a car.
I'm happy that Tom came.
I wish Tom weren't here.
I threw an apple to Tom.
I suggest you ignore it.
I hope we see Tom again.
Tom is happy Mary came.
Tom is Mary's only kid.
Tell Tom that I called.
I'm glad that Tom came.
I'm glad Tom got fired.
I thought Tom was cool.
I think Tom was hungry.
Are you three brothers?
Tom is glad Mary came.
I'm happy Tom is here.
Tom is just thirteen.
Throw the keys to me.
I dozed on the couch.
Give a cookie to Tom.
I dozed on the sofa.
I'm happy Tom came.
Give Tom this copy.
Throw me the keys.
Tell Tom I called.
My name's not Tom.
I'm glad Tom came.
Give Tom a cookie.
I didn't know that you wrote poems.
I didn't know you wrote poems.
Everybody knew Tom was good at French.
Everyone knew Tom was good at French.
I didn't know you were so good at cooking.
I didn't know that you were so good at cooking.
I didn't know that Tom could cook so well.
I don't think this is interesting.
I don't think that this is interesting.
I don't think that the Giants will win this year.
I don't think the Giants will win this year.
Tom has been living in Japan for many years, but he still can't speak Japanese very well.
Tom is a little simple-minded, but his brother is quite intelligent.
Tom hadn't noticed at first that Mary had six fingers on each hand.
Tom was angry, Mary was even angrier, and John was the angriest.
I can't shake the suspicion that this is another of Tom's jokes.
Tom sold his apartment and went to live in a remote village.
Tom was feeling bad because he'd eaten too much cake dough.
Tom was feeling bad because he'd eaten a lot of cake dough.
Tom wanted to be buried in his backyard next to his dogs.
Tom is reading his favorite book for the umpteenth time.
Tom arrived late at night, long after the sun had set.
Tom's demands have become increasingly outrageous.
We can ask Tom if he has any idea how to proceed.
Tom is an American, but he doesn't speak English.
Tom is a highly-regarded member of the community.
Let's ask Tom if he has any idea how to proceed.
Tom's grandmother seems to be in good health.
Tom's demands became increasingly outrageous.
Tom is no longer the womanizer he used to be.
Tom went to the hospital because he was ill.
What would happen if I pressed this button?
Tom was unaware of the impact of his words.
Tom attended all the lectures and seminars.
What do you expect from a person like Tom?
Tom went to all the lectures and seminars.
Tom was reading jokes and laughing loudly.
Tom is trying to attract attention again.
I was young and impressionable back then.
What happens when you press this button?
Tom is being super nice for some reason.
What's Tom's motivation for doing that?
Tom refused to take back what he said.
Tom believes in the existence of God.
Tom and Mary exchanged angry glances.
I think that Tom is falling for Mary.
Tom turned out to be Mary's brother.
I wouldn't like to be in Tom's skin.
Tom wasn't in the best of spirits.
I don't want you to give up on us.
I don't want Tom as a son-in-law.
Are you satisfied with your life?
What does Tom expect to achieve?
Tom was taken away in handcuffs.
Tom never got over Mary's death.
Tom has been granted a reprieve.
Tom was shot and left for dead.
Where do you find inspiration?
Tom greeted his guests warmly.
I don't want to impose on you.
Tom is facing time in prison.
I was forced to pick a side.
Tom was falling-down drunk.
Tom is as strong as a bull.
Tom is afraid of rejection.
Tom gets a generous salary.
I feel emotionally drained.
Why does Tom look so glum?
Tom's room faces the road.
Tom was an unruly student.
Tom is a pretty nasty guy.
Tom rushed to my defense.
Tom looked over the menu.
I have no place to sleep.
Tom is on top of things.
Tom is in good standing.
Tom is down on his luck.
Tom stood, facing Mary.
Tom is facing this way.
Tom has been locked up.
Tom flaunts his wealth.
I'm an emotional wreck.
Tom is a loose cannon.
How old is Tom anyway?
You ruined our lives.
I was numb with fear.
Tom was inebriated.
Tom is being petty.
We were exploited.
We're telepathic.
Tom courted Mary.
I smoke.
Tom's eyes are red.
I stink.
Tom is away.
I rested.
I sat up.
I liked Tom a lot.
I sighed.
Did Tom quit?
I belched.
Tom will help us, right?
I exhaled.
Tom won't hit Mary.
I inhaled.
Tom's face is pale.
I'm a bum.
Tom is vegan.
I'm dirty.
Go on, Tom.
I objected.
I miss Tom a little.
I was calm.
Has Tom quit?
I was last.
Tom speaks French, right?
I fell down.
Tom and Mary eloped.
I got drunk.
Tom's face was red.
I have gout.
Tom is white.
I've had it.
Go home, Tom.
Who's crying?
Maybe Tom can fix it.
You must pay.
Did Tom suffer?
I shot myself.
Tom isn't with you, is he?
I'm not Amish.
Tom hypnotized Mary.
I'm undecided.
Where is Tom's car?
It's very bad.
Tom is a bore.
My hair's wet.
I trained Tom.
What a genius!
Don't leave Tom alone.
Who's singing?
Is Tom smoking?
Who's snoring?
Tom isn't your son, is he?
Who's yelling?
Tom is hurting Mary.
Breathe deeply.
I admire Tom's work.
Do I look pale?
Tom is hoarse.
How exhausting!
Calm down, Tom.
I wrote a book.
I can't see Tom today.
It was destiny.
Hasn't Tom left?
It's very fast.
Tom hasn't left yet, has he?
Should we stop?
Tom might hurt Mary.
Who's that kid?
Tom's door was open.
Call me at 2:30.
Tom burps a lot.
Get rid of this.
I live near Tom.
Give me a smile.
I talked to Tom a lot.
I have a donkey.
Why has Tom quit?
Look what I got.
Tom, what happened yesterday?
Maybe it's real.
Tom won't tell Mary.
Pace yourselves.
Tom's mouth is open.
Show yourselves.
Tom can't skate.
They're so cute.
I lived near Tom.
Maybe Tom lied to you.
Why are you wet?
Will Tom survive?
Write me a note.
You can't stand Tom, can you?
Come on out here.
Mary hit her husband.
Do it yourselves.
Tom's hands are tied.
Give me a tissue.
Tom is a junkie.
I can pay for it.
I'll support Tom.
I love that word.
Usually, Tom is right.
I spoke too soon.
Is that Tom singing?
Tom can feed himself, can't he?
My hair is short.
Tom and Mary do that.
We can leave now.
Do you know Tom's son?
Who damaged this?
Tom is biracial.
You can eat this.
I chatted with Tom.
You may eat this.
Don't let Tom eat that.
Describe it to me.
When did Tom see it?
God bless you all.
Tom has already eaten, hasn't he?
I can hear sirens.
Tom calls Mary a lot.
I had a great car.
Tom's door was closed.
I hear your voice.
Tom is childish.
I'll probably cry.
You wait here, Tom.
I'm wearing shoes.
I can't help Tom today.
It's already 2:30.
How did Tom get that?
It's your problem.
Tom is quite forgetful, isn't he?
Listen and repeat.
Tom heard Mary laugh.
Perhaps it's real.
Tom's mouth is closed.
That's a bad word.
Tom is fat, too.
That's my husband.
I can still see Tom.
These are my sons.
I knew what Tom needed.
They deserve more.
Is Tom at school now?
They got the shot.
Tom isn't sure what to do, is he?
They were strange.
Mary lost her husband.
We can walk there.
This must be Tom's cap.
When can you come?
Tom overtook me.
Why are you broke?
Why take a chance?
I see that Tom is here.
You might like it.
Is Tom still singing?
You're ineligible.
Tom, what do you want for dinner?
Your eyes are red.
Tom bought Mary lunch.
Explain yourselves.
Tom's face was swollen.
I could sense that.
Tom sleeps here.
I like to eat nuts.
I'd better call Tom.
I loved doing that.
I won't go if Tom goes.
Just be yourselves.
When did Tom see you?
Let's make a movie.
Is it really OK if Tom comes, too?
My window was open.
Tom called Mary again.
Should we stop now?
I went to Tom's funeral.
They have to do it.
Tom was dancing.
They have to leave.
They were finished.
Perhaps Tom can fix it.
I can hear you fine.
As usual, Tom came late.
I need it right now.
Did Tom offer to help?
Tom is the next in line, isn't he?
I'm having fun here.
Tom is in Mary's room.
Identify yourselves.
I'm Tom's mother-in-law.
Most of us did that.
Tom was evicted.
Our boat is sinking.
We couldn't stop Tom.
That's what we said.
I watched Tom walk away.
This always happens.
When did Tom get that?
Very few were there.
Tom will likely do that, won't he?
What a strange idea!
Tom was Mary's helper.
When did you see it?
I'm Tom's sister-in-law.
Why are you unhappy?
Tom was scolded.
Why were you absent?
Actually, I'm not Tom.
Why were you hiding?
I asked Tom not to leave.
You have to do this.
Why is Tom so unhappy?
You should eat this.
Tom is in Boston already, isn't he?
You're very unusual.
When did Tom see Mary?
I'm afraid of Tom's dog.
Do you want some pie?
Tom won't leave.
Don't kid yourselves.
I can't vouch for Tom.
Don't say that again.
I didn't leave Tom alone.
Go take a shower now.
Did Tom become violent?
I can get it for you.
Tom is in a bad mood now, isn't he?
I can't move an inch.
Tom and Mary like jazz.
I feel pretty groggy.
Tom's window was closed.
I feel uncomfortable.
Tom bought socks.
I like to drink wine.
I decided to help Tom.
I love this umbrella.
I saw Tom at the station.
I might die tomorrow.
Did Tom miss something?
I ought to go to bed.
Tom is in his third year, isn't he?
I remember seeing it.
Tom asked Mary to stay.
Knock yourselves out.
Tom's windows were open.
Leave me out of this.
Tom called a cab.
Look at that guy run.
Where did you hit Tom?
My apartment is tiny.
I watched Tom doing that.
My window was closed.
Did Tom move to Boston?
My windows were open.
Tom is in terrible shape, isn't he?
Think for yourselves.
Tom cooked Mary dinner.
This is my home, too.
I'm Tom's brother-in-law.
Try to be yourselves.
Tom can sit here.
We can overcome this.
You're very nice, Tom.
What a wonderful day!
Just don't tell Tom this.
Why are you so early?
Why are you so weird?
Tom is in the greenhouse, isn't he?
Are you by yourselves?
Tom heard Mary sobbing.
Believe in yourselves.
Tom's boat began to sink.
Do you have a scanner?
Tom can't see me.
I tried to impress Tom.
I can't drink tequila.
Watch Tom very carefully.
I can't go back there.
Is Tom a good roommate?
I graduated last year.
Tom is in the other room, isn't he?
I heard a weird noise.
Tom hit Mary very hard.
I just ate a sandwich.
Tom's brother is a nurse.
I need to report this.
Tom gets seasick.
I rarely drink coffee.
I was playing with Tom.
I'm no longer worried.
I got Tom to do it for me.
I'm not wearing shoes.
When did Tom get these?
I'm ready to have fun.
Tom is in the tree house, isn't he?
I'm still embarrassed.
Tom is at Mary's house.
I've got to report it.
Tom's curtains were open.
Lunch isn't ready yet.
Tom got a ticket.
My dog died last week.
I won't do that to Tom.
My hair is very curly.
Maybe Tom is already dead.
Please sit over there.
You're not Tom are you?
That was my first job.
Tom is in very bad shape, isn't he?
Those boxes are empty.
Tom is at Mary's place.
Wait till I get there.
Tom's dog died last week.
Why are you on a diet?
Why are you so afraid?
I'm giving this to Tom.
Why are you so grumpy?
Why are you so scared?
Has Tom admitted defeat?
Why not give it a try?
Tom is incredibly stupid, isn't he?
You ought to eat this.
Tom is in Mary's group.
Be proud of yourselves.
Tom's dog is really cute.
Can you hear the noise now?
Tom has to leave.
Can you take that risk?
Do you have to tell Tom?
Do you guys drink beer?
I have to meet Tom at 2:30.
Don't blame yourselves.
Has Tom moved to Boston?
Has it stopped snowing?
Tom is interested in art, isn't he?
I can get that for you.
Tom told Mary about it.
I can't deal with them.
Tom's hair is very curly.
I can't drive at night.
Tom hates me now.
I can't see what it is.
I threw an apple at Tom.
I enlisted in the navy.
I know well what Tom wants.
I exaggerated a little.
I wonder what Tom knows.
I got home early today.
Tom is just being honest, isn't he?
I have some ideas, too.
Mary killed her husband.
I just bought this hat.
Tom's parents were upset.
I like going for walks.
Tom is a bouncer.
I need to head on home.
I wouldn't have hit Tom.
I pretended to be busy.
I met Tom again last night.
I seldom drink tequila.
Was Tom a good roommate?
I'll try to fix it myself.
Tom is just finishing up, isn't he?
I was high at the time.
Mary missed her husband.
I was rather impressed.
We're Tom's grandparents.
I wrote some postcards.
Tom is a parolee.
I'm a World War II vet.
This cat belongs to Tom.
I'm bored and restless.
Tom and Mary have no children of their own, but many of the children in the neighborhood hang out at their house.
Tom asked Mary to sell him the guitar she'd inherited from her grandfather, but she didn't want to sell it.
There used to be a boy in our neighborhood named Tom. I wonder if he's the same Tom you're talking about.
Tom asked Mary to sell him the guitar she'd gotten from her grandfather, but she didn't want to sell it.
Tom is almost always home until noon, so if you want to visit him, I'd suggest going in the morning.
Even though Tom isn't planning to go to Boston until next October, he's already bought his ticket.
Tom took a folded piece of paper out of his pocket and put it on the table in front of Mary.
Tom and Mary soon realized that they had made a mistake and shouldn't have gotten married.
I'd be very interested in knowing what Tom and Mary were talking about in the parking lot.
Tom woke up in the middle of the night because his neighbors were shouting at each other.
Tom is looking through his clothes, looking for something appropriate to wear to a party.
Tom helped us yesterday even though he had a lot of other things he should've been doing.
Tom broke up with Mary before her birthday, so he wouldn't have to spend money on a gift.
When Tom fell off his horse, the helmet that was supposed to protect him broke his neck.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things to do this morning before he leaves the house.
I'll wait for three more days and if Tom doesn't show up, I'm going to call the police.
Tom wondered how long it would take Mary to realize that John wouldn't be coming back.
Tom put the cardboard boxes next to the wall under the eaves so they wouldn't get wet.
Tom doesn't know where he was born, but his mother told me that he was born in Boston.
Just because Tom is engaged to Mary doesn't mean that he isn't still in love with you.
Tom is likely going to be depressed when he sees how much paperwork needs to be done.
Tom was supposed to meet Mary in front of the movie theater, but he never showed up.
Tom called Mary's father to let him know that Mary had been involved in an accident.
Neither Tom nor Mary has accumulated a lot of junk since he's moved into this house.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of clothes in his closet that he never wears anymore.
Tom wasn't really surprised when he saw Mary and John walking together in the park.
Tom took the suitcases out of the trunk of his car and carried them into the house.
Tom is likely going to be depressed when he sees how much paperwork has to be done.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all stopped doing what they were doing and stared at me.
Tom wasn't able to do what needed to be done in the amount of time they gave him.
Tom filled the shopping cart with candy while his mother was at the meat counter.
One of Tom's teachers asked Tom to stay after school to help clean the classroom.
Even though Tom himself is a painter, he often buys paintings from other artists.
Tom didn't eat the steak because he didn't think it had been cooked long enough.
I tried to visit Tom in the hospital, but they said it was after visiting hours.
We should go there tomorrow, but Tom is sick in bed, so I'm not sure if we can.
Tom vacuumed the carpet in the living room while Mary mopped the kitchen floor.
Neither Tom nor Mary has recently been learning how to sing a lot of new songs.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of black and white pictures of his grandparents.
Tom was taller than the rest of his classmates when he was in the third grade.
Tom took a folded piece of paper out of his pocket and placed it on the table.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to even consider the possibility that he was wrong.
Tom put the cardboard next to the wall under the eaves so it wouldn't get wet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has put on a lot of weight since the last time I saw him.
Tom should rather hurry if he still wants to get home while it's still light.
Tom decided to buy the house on Park Street that he was looking at last week.
Tom and Mary argued about how to spend the money they had won in the lottery.
Tom used part of an old wasp's nest as a tinder to get his campfire started.
Tom took a folded piece of paper from his pocket and placed it on the table.
Tom called the dog catcher to report several stray dogs in his neighborhood.
Tom asked the same question over and over again, but he never got an answer.
Tom and Mary were screaming at each other and didn't hear me enter the room.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any new friends since they've moved to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw him.
At that time, I didn't yet know whether Tom would go camping with us or not.
Tom walked halfway to school before he remembered that today was a holiday.
Tom could tell from the look on Mary's face that she hadn't understood him.
Tom could tell from the look on Mary's face that she didn't understand him.
Tom asked Mary to sell him the guitar she'd inherited from her grandfather.
Tom asked Mary if she'd mind taking care of his dog while he was in Boston.
As soon as it started raining, Tom realized he'd left his umbrella at home.
Tom was walking towards me with a knife in his hand, so I started running.
Tom stared at the picture of his grandfather that was hanging on the wall.
Tom is so good at French that many people think he's a native speaker.
Tom eats lunch at the small restaurant around the corner almost every day.
Tom didn't steal from the cash register. He stole the whole cash register.
Tom and Mary were yelling at each other and didn't hear me enter the room.
Tom and Mary sat on the park bench together, watching their children play.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of hair since the last time I saw him.
Tom wanted to keep talking about it, but I didn't want to listen anymore.
Tom is fluent enough in French that many people think he's a native speaker.
Tom drove all night to get to Boston in time for John and Mary's wedding.
Tom could probably save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
Tom almost had a heart attack when he saw the bill for repairing his car.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of blood and the doctors are worried.
I think I now understand why Tom never learned to speak French very well.
Tom would be able to explain everything to you much better than I could.
Tom was so tired that he fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
Tom realized there was no way he'd be able to do that without some help.
Tom finally overcame his shyness and asked Mary if she' go out with him.
Tom called Mary's mother and asked her if Mary was allergic to anything.
Tom asked Mary to wake him up thirty minutes before she wanted to leave.
Tom asked Mary to sell him the guitar she'd gotten from her grandfather.
Tom and Mary lived next door to John and Alice when they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary got married after knowing each other for only three months.
The store that offered Tom a job is located a few miles south of Boston.
Mary wasn't expecting roses for her birthday, so she was very surprised.
Tom will probably give his mother a bouquet of flowers on Mother's Day.
Tom will probably be disappointed if we don't go to his birthday party.
Tom was a bit shorter than me when we were junior high school students.
Tom undressed, carefully folded his clothes, and put them on the chair.
Tom should rather hurry if he wants to get home while it's still light.
Tom looked in the refrigerator to see if he could find anything to eat.
Tom came back home last month after being in Australia for three years.
Tom asked me how much time I thought it would take to paint his garage.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been spending a lot of time alone in his room.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything that needs to be taken care of today.
At that time, I didn't yet know if Tom would go camping with us or not.
Tom worked as a waiter at one of the most popular restaurants in town.
Tom went over to Mary's house last Monday and spent three hours there.
Tom is a fast walker and I sometimes have trouble keeping up with him.
Tom hid the money in a shoe box that he put in the back of his closet.
Tom has sold his farm and has moved into a small house on Park Street.
Tom calls his girlfriend Mary, even though that's not really her name.
Tom and Mary made friends with the other children in the neighborhood.
Tom and Mary don't live in the apartment below John and Alice anymore.
Tom and Mary don't live in the apartment above John and Alice anymore.
I wonder what we should do if Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do.
I wasn't the only one in the room who knew that Tom had been arrested.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all waiting for you in the parking lot.
Tom won't know whether he can do that or not until he tries doing it.
Tom will be able to explain everything to you much better than I can.
Tom was sitting next to Mary, but they weren't talking to each other.
Tom took some pictures of his new house and sent them to his friends.
Tom took a couple of bills out of his wallet and handed them to Mary.
Tom is in the laundry room, putting clothes into the washing machine.
Tom has been arrested many times, but he's never spent a day in jail.
Tom has a barrel to catch rainwater that he uses to water his garden.
Tom didn't cheat on the test, even though many of his classmates did.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to play a few chords on the mandolin.
The only reason Tom wants to marry you is so he can get a green card.
The last time I saw Tom he was walking towards the convenience store.
Neither Tom nor Mary has donated a lot of money to various charities.
Neither Tom nor Mary has contributed a lot of money to this hospital.
I think I understand why Tom never learned to speak French very well.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all went back to Boston on the same plane.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all jumped into the pool at the same time.
Tom, I think we have to help Mary. It looks like she having trouble.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary walking by herself late at night.
Tom wanted to buy a purple shirt, but he couldn't find one that fit.
Tom needs to get to the hospital quickly. His wife is having a baby.
Tom mopped the kitchen floor while Mary washed and dried the dishes.
Tom is looking forward to painting Easter eggs with his grandmother.
Tom is living with three other boys in an apartment near the campus.
Tom has trouble keeping a job. He always gets fired for some reason.
Tom asked Mary where she was planning to go for her summer vacation.
Tom asked Mary to water the flowers of his garden while he was away.
Tom and some of his friends are planning to go camping next weekend.
Tom and I'll celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary on October 20th.
I don't want Tom to know that we were the ones who did that for him.
Even though Tom has been drinking, he says he's going to drive home.
Tom wrote a message on the piece of paper and put it in the bottle.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't want to go to Boston with her friends.
Tom went to Australia to study koalas in their natural environment.
Tom tried to describe the person he saw breaking into Mary's house.
Tom told Mary not to worry about what might happen on October 20th.
Tom sat on the park bench just watching the other children playing.
Tom promised to pay me three hundred dollars if I did that for him.
Tom offered Mary a sip of wine, but she said she didn't drink wine.
Tom just stood and watched as Mary stared at herself in the mirror.
Tom is the only one who knows where the stolen diamonds are hidden.
Tom is no longer as enthusiastic about doing that as he used to be.
Tom is going to pick Mary up at 2:this afternoon at the airport.
Tom is going to be driving through Boston on his way to visit Mary.
Tom forwarded the email message that he received from Mary to John.
Tom doesn't have the physical strength to do what needs to be done.
Tom didn't have the physical strength to do what needed to be done.
Tom didn't buy his guitar at the same store where Mary bought hers.
Tom called Mary to ask her if she wanted to go to a movie with him.
Tom bought seven pairs of socks, one pair for each day of the week.
Tom and Mary lived next to John and Alice when they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary kissed each other for the first time on Christmas Eve.
Tom and Mary aren't as eager to do that now as they were yesterday.
Neither Tom nor Mary has contributed a lot of money to the charity.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of work to do before he can go home.
It was raining really hard by the time Tom arrived at Mary's house.
It took Tom a long time to decide where he wanted to go to college.
It took Tom a long time to decide what time his party should start.
I'd like to know why Tom didn't do what he said he was going to do.
I wasn't the only one at the meeting who knew why Tom wasn't there.
I just kept asking Tom the same question, but he never answered me.
At that time, I didn't yet know what Tom and I were supposed to do.
What Tom said was totally unrelated to what we were talking about.
Tom, I think we have to help Mary. It looks like she's in trouble.
Tom was able to find a work three days after he arrived in Boston.
Tom should rather hurry if he still wants to get home before dark.
Tom is going to find out anyway, so we might as well tell him now.
Tom hung up the phone and told Mary that John was in the hospital.
Tom has to get to the hospital quickly. His wife is having a baby.
Tom has already decided where he wants to live after he graduates.
Tom had a strawberry milkshake and Mary had a chocolate milkshake.
Tom bought a camera just a few days ago, but he's already lost it.
Tom asked Mary what she thought of the way John had been behaving.
Tom asked Mary to send him the pictures she'd taken at the picnic.
Neither Tom nor Mary has borrowed a lot of money from his friends.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been singing a lot of sad songs recently.
Mary tried on all the dresses, but none of them fit her very well.
I was just minding my own business when Tom started yelling at me.
I was at least three meters from Tom, but I could still smell him.
I told Tom who Mary thought was the best-looking guy in the class.
I have no idea what Tom is planning to give Mary for her birthday.
I don't think that we'll ever find out where Tom hid the diamonds.
I didn't get a chance to visit Tom that last time I was in Boston.
Tom was upset because he felt that he was being treated unfairly.
Tom was surprised when he heard how well Mary could speak French.
Tom was about to throw his spear when he got stabbed in the back.
Tom wants to go home now, but Mary wants to stay a little longer.
Tom wanted the whole world to know that he was in love with Mary.
Tom realized there was no way he'd be able to do that by himself.
Tom picked up the piece of paper and read what was written on it.
Tom is going to pay me back the money he owes me on October 20th.
Tom has been the "Employee of the Week" for three weeks in a row.
Tom has been asking more questions recently than he usually does.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what time the meeting was going to start.
Tom doesn't seem to care very much whether Mary likes him or not.
Tom does thirty push-ups every afternoon as soon as he gets home.
Tom can't buy what he wants because he doesn't have enough money.
Tom can't buy what he needs because he doesn't have enough money.
Tom came to church last Sunday for the first time in a long time.
Tom came into the conference room, carrying a bunch of documents.
Tom called Mary and asked her to pick up a pizza on her way home.
Tom and I've decided not to go to Boston for Christmas this year.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been spending a lot of money on clothes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of people to see tomorrow morning.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of money, but he's not very happy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of money, but he isn't very happy.
It doesn't matter to me how Tom does that, as long as he does it.
I don't want Tom to know that I was the one who did that for him.
I didn't want to walk home alone, so I asked Tom to walk with me.
Even though I entered the room, Tom and Mary didn't stop talking.
Tom went to see Mary, who was in the hospital with a broken leg.
Tom wasn't the first person to tell me that I needed to do that.
Tom was sitting on the table when his father came into the room.
Tom was sitting on the floor, surrounded by a group of children.
Tom was determined to get everything done before Mary got there.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary, but he didn't have a chance to.
Tom walked across the dance floor to ask Mary to dance with him.
Tom trying to repair an old clock that his grandfather gave him.
Tom tried to do that for a long time, but eventually he gave up.
Tom threw away the old newspapers that were stored in the attic.
Tom lives with three other boys in an apartment near the campus.
Tom is looking through his clothes, looking for something clean.
Tom is going to be looking after the children while I'm at work.
Tom is a friend of my brother's, but I don't know him very well.
Tom carefully folded his clothes and put them into his suitcase.
Tom and Mary used to live in the apartment below John and Alice.
Tom and Mary used to live in the apartment above John and Alice.
Tom and Mary lived near John and Alice when they were in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been to a French-speaking country.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to go to the art museum with us.
If by any chance Tom comes, I'd like you to give him this paper.
I'm not going to tell Tom what time Mary is planning to be here.
I was wondering if you thought what Tom did was the right thing.
I might be the only one alive who knows what Tom did that night.
I do try not to be in the same place Tom is more than I have to.
All the waitresses like Tom because he always leaves large tips.
When the guard fell asleep, Tom used the opportunity to escape.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all got up to leave at the same time.
Tom went out drinking almost every night when he was in Boston.
Tom wasn't ready to go home, so he stayed for a few more hours.
Tom was surprised when he tried the door and found it unlocked.
Tom was seriously injured in a traffic accident a few days ago.
Tom was gunned down in front of the restaurant where he worked.
Tom tried to figure out where he should leave Mary's suitcases.
Tom says that he wants to go to the zoo with Mary next weekend.
Tom put the coins in a metal box and buried it in his backyard.
Tom never actually laughed, but it looked like he was about to.
Tom knew that he'd have to tell Mary the truth sooner or later.
Tom is the only one likely to be in the office on October 20th.
Tom has been calling people and asking them for their opinions.
Tom doesn't wear jeans every day, but he does often wear jeans.
Tom could no longer stay in the Boston, so he moved to Chicago.
Tom called Mary and asked her to buy some eggs on her way home.
Tom asked the person at the front desk for a 6:wake up call.
Tom asked for a glass of water, but they wouldn't give him one.
Tom asked Mary to find out what papers needed to be filled out.
Tom asked Mary not to tell his parents about what had happened.
Tom and Mary went to their lockers to put away their textbooks.
Tom and Mary vowed to help each other, no matter what happened.
The only reason Tom wants to marry you is so he can get a visa.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been a basketball coach for very long.
Mary and Alice were cheerleaders when they were in high school.
It was raining heavily by the time Tom arrived at Mary's house.
I'm not going to tell Tom how long Mary is planning to be here.
I'll probably go camping with Tom the third weekend of October.
I tried to visit Tom in jail, but they wouldn't let me see him.
I know that Tom isn't a professional basketball player anymore.
I don't know how long it'll take me to convince Tom to do that.
I could smell Mary's perfume, so I knew she'd been in the room.
Even though we advised Tom not to do that, he decided to do it.
At that time, I didn't yet know if Tom would go with me or not.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all need to go to Boston next month.
Tom wrote something on a piece of paper and handed it to Mary.
Tom wouldn't tell me what time Mary's train would be arriving.
Tom wondered what Mary was going to give him for his birthday.
Tom will probably have a heart attack if he doesn't slow down.
Tom will be terribly disappointed if we don't go to his party.
Tom went to the cemetery to put flowers on his mother's grave.
Tom was very proud of everything he'd been able to accomplish.
Tom was just supposed to help Mary, not do everything himself.
Tom was involved in a fight with a couple of guys in the park.
Tom was drunk and couldn't remember where he'd parked his car.
Tom was charged extra because he ate more than the rest of us.
Tom used to be our lead singer, but now he just sings harmony.
Tom took everything out of his suitcase and put it on his bed.
Tom stood and looked at Mary staring at herself in the mirror.
Tom sold his farm and moved into a small house on Park Street.
Tom practices French every day with his friends Mary and John.
Tom picked up a piece of wood that he saw lying on the ground.
Tom keeps his dog chained to a pole in the middle of his yard.
Tom isn't the type of person who would do something like that.
Tom has to go to school on Monday, even though it's a holiday.
Tom has corrected all the mistakes. Now the report is perfect.
Tom got to be friends with Mary while he was living in Boston.
Tom forwarded the email message he received from Mary to John.
Tom doesn't wear a tie every day, but he does often wear ties.
Tom doesn't like it when people ask him to do things for them.
Tom didn't just want to defeat John, he wanted to destroy him.
Tom could hear everything that was happening in the next room.
Tom asked me how much time I thought it would take to do that.
Tom asked Mary to text him when she wanted him to pick her up.
Tom asked Mary if she could prove that what she said was true.
Tom asked Mary how much time it had taken her to wash the car.
Tom and Mary still live in the apartment below John and Alice.
Tom and Mary still live in the apartment above John and Alice.
Tom and Mary probably didn't do what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary haven't talked to each other since their divorce.
Tom and Mary had a fight and aren't talking to each other now.
Tom and I lived in the same house and went to the same school.
Tom and I don't play ping-pong together as much as we used to.
Tom and I are planning to go out drinking together after work.
People started calling me Tom even though that wasn't my name.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he wants to do today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he needs to do today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of homework to do this evening.
I'm looking forward to hearing what Tom has to say about that.
I don't want Tom to know that I was the one who paid his bill.
You'd be surprised how much beer Tom drinks when he goes out.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all waiting in the parking lot.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all tried to talk at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all killed themselves the same way.
Tom will quite likely spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Tom will probably go to Australia with you if you ask him to.
Tom went to parties almost every night when he was in Boston.
Tom wasn't in a very good mood that last time that I saw him.
Tom was the first person to tell me that I needed to do that.
Tom was murdered by someone he'd thought was his best friend.
Tom was getting ready to do that when I saw him this morning.
Tom was charged more because he ate more than the rest of us.
Tom walked into the house carrying a box full of old clothes.
Tom took a shower and changed clothes as soon as he got home.
Tom sat on the floor with the children and told them a story.
Tom promised to pay me three hundred dollars if I helped him.
Tom might've been the one who did this, but I don't think so.
Tom met a girl about his age in the park yesterday afternoon.
Tom is in the conference room, getting ready for the meeting.
Tom is going to do everything he can to help Mary find a job.
Tom is already aware of the problem and is taking care of it.
Tom has work that needs to be finished before he can go home.
Tom didn't buy his hat at the same store where I bought mine.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary wouldn't even listen to him.
Tom changed his mind after thinking about it for a long time.
Tom bought two cowboy hats. One for himself and one for Mary.
Tom asked the guy at the gas station to clean his windshield.
Tom asked Mary to buy a dozen eggs on her way home from work.
Today is our last chance to see Tom before he goes to Boston.
That was the last day that Tom and Mary talked to each other.
Neither Tom nor Mary has helped a lot of people quit smoking.
Neither Tom nor Mary has helped a lot of people in this town.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been under a lot of strain recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been playing the clarinet very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been living in Boston for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been getting a lot of the attention.
Mary wasn't in the room, but I could still smell her perfume.
If Tom doesn't want to do that, maybe Mary will do it for us.
I told Tom who I thought would like to go to Boston with him.
I don't think Tom knew whether Mary wanted to do that or not.
I didn't want Tom to be in the room while I was on the phone.
Tom, if you go shopping, please buy a can of condensed milk.
Tom wondered where Mary had learned to speak French so well.
Tom won't likely be able to translate to document correctly.
Tom won't likely be able to translate to contract correctly.
Tom washed his sweater in the washing machine and it shrank.
Tom wanted the whole world to know he was in love with Mary.
Tom took some pictures of his new car and sent them to Mary.
Tom taught his younger brother how to make a paper airplane.
Tom should rather hurry if he wants to get home before dark.
Tom left his house three hours ago, but he's still not here.
Tom is the owner of one of the largest ranches in this area.
Tom is the only one who can likely convince Mary to do that.
Tom got angry because Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
Tom didn't want to bother Mary, so he quietly left the room.
Tom bought a rifle so he could go deer hunting with his son.
Tom asked the guy at the gas station to check his oil level.
Tom asked Mary to tell him who she'd gone to the beach with.
Tom asked Mary to stop what she was doing and listen to him.
Tom asked Mary to call him as soon as she arrived in Boston.
Tom and Mary were crossing the street when a truck hit them.
Tom and Mary started arguing as soon as they got in the car.
Tom and Mary don't live next door to John and Alice anymore.
Tom and Mary both wanted to stay in Boston for another week.
Tom and I don't get along because we have nothing in common.
There isn't a day that goes by that I don't think about Tom.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very many friends living in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of weight since October.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done a lot of really stupid things.
Neither Tom nor Mary has caused us a lot of trouble already.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in the hospital for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he has to do today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of money, but he's not happy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of money, but he isn't happy.
I'm looking forward to hearing what Tom thinks we should do.
I'll arrive on Monday, Tom on Tuesday and Mary on Wednesday.
I'd like to know what Tom was doing in the basement all day.
I know that Tom used to be a professional basketball player.
At that time, I didn't yet know whether Tom could go or not.
Tom will be disappointed if you don't eat what he's cooked.
Tom was hanging out with his friends yesterday in the park.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary, but he didn't have a chance to.
Tom wanted to leave early in the morning, but he overslept.
Tom trying to repair an old clock his grandfather gave him.
Tom still hasn't decided who he's going to ask to the prom.
Tom sat quietly in the back of the classroom, taking notes.
Tom said his father wanted to be buried next to his mother.
Tom refused to explain why he thought that was a good idea.
Tom never gave me a chance to explain why I did what I did.
Tom needs to stay in the hospital for at least three weeks.
Tom might've survived if the ambulance had arrived earlier.
Tom leaned toward me and I thought he was going to kiss me.
Tom isn't the type of man who would do something like that.
Tom isn't the type of guy who would do something like that.
Tom isn't the kind of person who'd say something like that.
Tom is wearing the same thing today that he wore yesterday.
Tom is going to be catching the next flight back to Boston.
Tom has eaten all of the ice cream that was in the freezer.
Tom has asked Mary to go to Australia with him next summer.
Tom had work the needed to be done before he could go home.
Tom forwarded the email that he received from Mary to John.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary why he didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't hate Mary, but he didn't really like her either.
Tom could've survived if the ambulance had arrived earlier.
Tom bought two cans of tomato juice and handed one to Mary.
Tom asked the taxi driver to drive him to the nearest bank.
Tom asked Mary to stay with him until his parents got home.
Tom asked Mary to go to the supermarket and buy some bread.
Tom and Mary were surprised when John walked into the room.
Tom and Mary have been dating off and on for several years.
Tom and Mary couldn't have a picnic because it was raining.
The last time I saw Tom he was still a high school student.
The FBI came to arrest Tom just as he was getting off work.
Thanks, Tom. We couldn't have finished the job without you.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to speak French every day at work.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do a lot of things before noon.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of blood and he's weak.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had many opportunities to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been working for us for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in Boston since last October.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping out around the house.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been formally charged with murder.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been asking me a lot of questions.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of respect for his teachers.
If by any chance Tom comes here, I'll let you know at once.
I've already given Tom many chances to do that right thing.
I'm planning to throw a big party to welcome Tom back home.
I wonder if I should tell Tom who I'm going to Boston with.
I was the only one there who didn't know what Tom had done.
I told Tom how Mary had learned to play the guitar so well.
I might be the only one alive who knows where Tom did that.
I can't tell you whether Tom will came to the party or not.
I asked Tom to find out who Mary want to go to Boston with.
Even though Tom and I were exhausted, we continued working.
As soon as Tom gets well, he plans to continue his journey.
Apparently, Tom and Mary talked about that on October 20th.
Tom wondered why Mary had never gotten a driver's license.
Tom won't have another chance to do that until next month.
Tom will probably go to Boston with you if you ask him to.
Tom went to Boston last weekend to visit his grandparents.
Tom was supposed to meet me there, but he never showed up.
Tom was mad because Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
Tom was lying at the foot of the ladder, covered in blood.
Tom was just sitting on the couch, staring out the window.
Tom stayed after class to ask the teacher a few questions.
Tom squeezed the rubber duck to catch his dog's attention.
Tom spent the whole summer with his grandmother in Boston.
Tom shouldn't have signed the contract without reading it.
Tom screamed at Mary for making a mess in the living room.
Tom opened the freezer and grabbed some ice for his drink.
Tom often reads the newspaper while he's eating breakfast.
Tom mopped the kitchen floor while Mary washed the dishes.
Tom isn't the kind of person who'd do something like that.
Tom is the only one who's done that more than three times.
Tom has corrected all mistakes. Now the report is perfect.
Tom drowned trying to swim to the other side of the river.
Tom downed three cups of coffee and then got back to work.
Tom doesn't like living in Boston and Mary doesn't either.
Tom didn't start playing the trombone until he was thirty.
Tom asked me how many books I thought were in the library.
Tom asked Mary what kind of music she usually listened to.
Tom are one piece of pie and let Mary eat the other piece.
Tom and Mary have been together for more than three years.
Tom and I don't play music together as much as we used to.
The police were at the scene before the reporters arrived.
Soon after Tom and Mary got married, they moved to Boston.
One thing we don't know is whether Tom can do that or not.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had a lot of practice doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done a lot of really good things.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in the garden pulling weeds.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been briefed about the situation.
Neither Tom nor Mary has absolutely any chance of winning.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of experience in computers.
It was immediately clear that Tom didn't want to be there.
I tried to talk to Tom about that, but he wouldn't listen.
I might be the only one alive who knows when Tom did that.
I don't know how Tom was able to do that without our help.
I don't know how Tom was able to do that without any help.
I didn't visit Tom very often when he was in the hospital.
I couldn't find a single picture of Tom and Mary together.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all want to know what happened.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked up at the same time.
Tom won't tell Mary about what happened to him yesterday.
Tom will probably spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Tom will be leaving for Australia the day after tomorrow.
Tom was the only one that knew what had happened to Mary.
Tom was the first person to volunteer to help us do that.
Tom was surprised when he heard how well Mary could sing.
Tom was sitting next to Mary and trying hard not to yawn.
Tom was married to another woman when Mary first met him.
Tom was escorted out of the courtroom by armed policemen.
Tom was dating a girl named Mary the last time I met him.
Tom was a teacher's assistant before he became a teacher.
Tom tried very hard, but he still wasn't able to do that.
Tom tried his best not to do anything to make Mary angry.
Tom took off his cycling helmet and laid it on the table.
Tom still wears a wedding ring even though he's divorced.
Tom still hasn't decided where he wants to go to college.
Tom said he didn't care if Mary wasn't telling the truth.
Tom probably won't be able to find what he's looking for.
Tom milks the cow every morning before he goes to school.
Tom lives in a small house on the other side of the city.
Tom is wearing the same tie today that he wore yesterday.
Tom is one of the best basketball players I've ever seen.
Tom is going through the list, doing one thing at a time.
Tom has been a member of a cult for the last three years.
Tom has asked Mary to go to Boston with him next weekend.
Tom got a job as a waiter at a restaurant near his house.
Tom gets jealous whenever he sees Mary talking with John.
Tom finished reading the newspaper and handed it to Mary.
Tom drove like someone who had never driven a car before.
Tom drank three cups of coffee and Mary didn't drink any.
Tom doesn't wear a tie every day, but he often wear ties.
Tom doesn't like people asking him to do things for them.
Tom didn't want to be the one responsible for doing that.
Tom didn't need to do that, but I think he did it anyway.
Tom didn't come to school the day before he was murdered.
Tom couldn't explain why he thought that was a good idea.
Tom can't forgive Mary for some of the things she's done.
Tom came to the party unshaven and wearing dirty clothes.
Tom bought Mary's book yesterday and has already read it.
Tom begged Mary not to tell John about what had happened.
Tom asked me why I didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Tom asked Mary why she'd spent so much time in Australia.
Tom asked Mary to stay and help clean up after the party.
Tom asked Mary to find out where John had studied French.
Tom asked Mary how much time it took her to wash the car.
Tom and his wife have been thrown out of their apartment.
Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary moved to Boston soon after they got married.
Tom and Mary have been together for at least three years.
Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Boston with you.
Tom admitted to Mary that he'd gone on a date with Alice.
Neither Tom nor Mary has put on a lot of weight recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any bad decisions recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given a lot of money to charity.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gained a lot of weight recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has borrowed a lot of money from me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been living in Boston very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been living alone for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been kept waiting for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything better to do right now.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he wants to buy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he needs to buy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of hard work ahead of him.
My door was open, so Tom just walked in without knocking.
It wasn't last weekend that Tom went to Boston with Mary.
I told Tom why Mary had never graduated from high school.
I might be the only one alive who knows why Tom did that.
I didn't want to wake Tom up, so I tiptoed past his room.
I didn't want Tom to buy me an expensive engagement ring.
At that time, I didn't yet know what Tom was going to do.
At that time, I didn't yet know what Tom wanted us to do.
As soon as Tom were Mary alone, he told her the bad news.
You should tell Tom that he needs to do that right away.
We have several serious problems that need to be solved.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all stood up at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all screamed at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked somewhat surprised.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all came here in the same car.
Tom yelled at Mary for making a mess in the living room.
Tom wondered how long Mary would need to finish the job.
Tom will still be able to make it on time if he hurries.
Tom will be very disappointed if he sees you doing that.
Tom went to the hospital because he wasn't feeling well.
Tom went somewhere this morning, but I don't know where.
Tom went over to Mary's to help her move some furniture.
Tom wasn't given enough time to do what he needed to do.
Tom was waiting for Mary at the bus stop when I saw him.
Tom was shot in front of the restaurant where he worked.
Tom was escorted out of the courtroom by armed officers.
Tom was caught on camera holding up a convenience store.
Tom was actually not a very good student in high school.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary, but he didn't know how.
Tom took off his cycling helmet and put it on the table.
Tom told us three good reasons why we shouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he's planning to ask Mary to marry him.
Tom swims in the pond behind his house almost every day.
Tom still has many of the same problems he's always had.
Tom should've been at school today, but he wasn't there.
Tom should be given a chance to tell us why he did that.
Tom recognized the old man, but he didn't know his name.
Tom lives in a log house on the other side of the river.
Tom is likely going to get out of the hospital tomorrow.
Tom is going to be intoxicated by the time Mary arrives.
Tom is checking his phone to see if he has any messages.
Tom is chatting with his friends in front of the school.
Tom is a completely different person than he used to be.
Tom has finally gotten rid of all the junk in his attic.
Tom has bought enough food to last us about three weeks.
Tom has been bitten by his horse when he was feeding it.
Tom has already attempted suicide three times this year.
Tom grew in a small town where everybody knew everybody.
Tom gives his mother flowers on Mother's Day every year.
Tom forgot to tell Mary why she was supposed to do that.
Tom doesn't want his parents to find out what he's done.
Tom didn't know what kind of movies Mary liked watching.
Tom didn't know what kind of movies Mary liked to watch.
Tom decided not to give Mary everything she'd asked for.
Tom can't help us today. He's busy doing something else.
Tom bought his car from a reputable used car dealership.
Tom assumed the bracelet that he found belonged to Mary.
Tom asked Mary what she was planning to cook for dinner.
Tom asked Mary what her first French teacher's name was.
Tom asked Mary to tell him what time he should be there.
Tom asked Mary to call him as soon as she got to Boston.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why he wanted to leave early.
Tom asked Mary to ask John if he wanted to come with us.
Tom asked Mary not to tell John about what had happened.
Tom and some other boys were fighting on the playground.
Tom and Mary started dating each other a few months ago.
Tom and Mary soon realized that they had made a mistake.
Tom and Mary live in the apartment below John and Alice.
Tom and Mary live in the apartment above John and Alice.
Tom and I don't hang out together as much as we used to.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay in Boston this weekend.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent a lot of time doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has read a lot of books about that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost very much weight recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything to be ashamed of.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything like this before.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything like that before.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been taken to the hospital yet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been studying French very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been saving money to buy a car.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in prison for a very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been having a really good year.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been causing a lot of problems.
Neither Tom nor Mary has any experience teaching French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he wants to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he needs to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of projects in the works.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of problems to deal with.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of confidence in himself.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of clothes in his closet.
It took Tom a long time to decide where to park his car.
It looks like Tom is having trouble solving the problem.
It looks like Tom doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
I'll help you, but I don't know whether or not Tom will.
I'll be there, but I don't know whether or not Tom will.
I wonder who Tom thinks is the best singer in our class.
I don't think Tom knew if Mary wanted to do that or not.
I didn't want to say anything that would make Tom angry.
I asked Tom to find out what Mary was making for dinner.
Would you do me a favor and tell Tom that I'll be late?
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all high school students.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all have one thing in common.
Tom wrote his number on a napkin and handed it to Mary.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary about the meeting.
Tom won't be able to come back to Boston until October.
Tom will probably never forgive himself for doing that.
Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do it.
Tom will drive to Boston because he's afraid of flying.
Tom went to Australia, but he didn't see any kangaroos.
Tom was unhappy because he wasn't invited to the party.
Tom was the lifeguard at the pool where I used to swim.
Tom was surprised when he saw how well Mary could swim.
Tom was caught stealing money out of the cash register.
Tom was always trying to get Mary to do things for him.
Tom wanted Mary to play his favorite song on the piano.
Tom walked into the room and started talking with Mary.
Tom thought Mary was joking, but she was being serious.
Tom started talking much earlier than most children do.
Tom started crying as soon as his mother left the room.
Tom spent longer than usual studying French that night.
Tom spends every summer with his grandmother in Boston.
Tom sped up so he could pass the truck in front of him.
Tom read the letter and then handed it to Mary to read.
Tom probably won't be able to do everything by himself.
Tom paints Easter eggs with his grandmother every year.
Tom opened one of the windows to let in some fresh air.
Tom mopped the kitchen floor while Mary did the dishes.
Tom lives in a three-room apartment in downtown Boston.
Tom left the library and headed toward the post office.
Tom knew how to make Mary forget that she was homesick.
Tom is married, has three children and lives in Boston.
Tom is going to be waiting for us in the lobby at 2:30.
Tom is going to be waiting for Mary in the parking lot.
Tom is checking the door to make sure that it's locked.
Tom is actually one of the best guitar players in town.
Tom is a good teacher and all of his students love him.
Tom has spent a lot of money trying to make Mary happy.
Tom has been trying to do something that can't be done.
Tom had a bloody nose and there was blood on his shirt.
Tom doesn't speak French as well as I thought he could.
Tom does thirty sit-ups every morning before breakfast.
Tom didn't want to disturb Mary while she was studying.
Tom didn't tell Mary what time he planned to get there.
Tom can probably help you do that later this afternoon.
Tom came down from the attic, carrying a cardboard box.
Tom bought three tickets, one for each of his children.
Tom bought some stuff, but I don't know what he bought.
Tom bought a watch for himself and a necklace for Mary.
Tom asked Mary to stop what she was doing and help him.
Tom asked Mary if she understood what she needed to do.
Tom asked Mary if it would be OK if he sat next to her.
Tom asked John who he was planning to ask to the dance.
Tom and Mary weren't the ones who told John to do that.
Tom and Mary were inseparable when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary haven't seen each other since high school.
Tom and Mary don't live next to John and Alice anymore.
Neither Tom nor Mary has won a lot of awards this year.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go back to Boston tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has started to look for a new job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has started looking for a new job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has really helped a lot of people.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost a lot of weight recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lived in Boston for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given away a lot of his money.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever actually lived in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in this room all morning.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in the hospital recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here since early October.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been giving me any bad advice.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been doing this for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been doing that for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been blamed for what happened.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of work to do this week.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he has to buy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of questions to ask you.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of problems, doesn't he?
Mary had her first child when she was still a teenager.
I've given Tom the benefit of the doubt too many times.
I'm not going to tell Tom how much I bought my car for.
I'm been happy with the work Tom has been doing for us.
I told Tom to finish the report as quickly as he could.
I probably should've just done what Tom asked me to do.
I gave Tom one more chance to show me what he could do.
I don't know whether Tom will came to the party or not.
I didn't really understand what Tom was planning to do.
We talked about how we should deal with the situation.
Until yesterday, I had never heard Tom play the cello.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all expected to recover.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all talked at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all listened very carefully.
Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom will probably be able to do everything by himself.
Tom whispered something to Mary and she left the room.
Tom watched a movie while Mary was cleaning the house.
Tom washed the lettuce while Mary sliced the tomatoes.
Tom was the one driving when the car ran off the road.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary, but he was afraid to.
Tom tried very hard to get the report written on time.
Tom took a picture of his new car and sent it to Mary.
Tom started using heroin when he was still a teenager.
Tom soon realized Mary didn't know what she was doing.
Tom sat on the floor, surround by a group of children.
Tom sat on a park bench and watched the children play.
Tom packed up everything he owned and moved to Boston.
Tom never realized how big his grandfather's farm was.
Tom needed to find a job so he can support his family.
Tom knew what annoyed Mary and he enjoyed teasing her.
Tom just sat there a long time without doing anything.
Tom isn't really doing what he's supposed to be doing.
Tom is the person responsible for what happened today.
Tom is supposed to come with us, but he's sick in bed.
Tom is more interested in gambling than anything else.
Tom is living in a small town not too far from Boston.
Tom is going to be eligible for parole in three years.
Tom is going to be absent today because he has a cold.
Tom is drinking beer in the backyard with his friends.
Tom is at the police station, trying to bail Mary out.
Tom is always trying to get Mary to do things for him.
Tom has been bitten by his horse as he was feeding it.
Tom hangs out with his friends almost every afternoon.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what time the concert started.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to ask her for help.
Tom doesn't actually live within Boston's city limits.
Tom died on October 20, 2013. Mary died a month later.
Tom didn't want to disturb Mary while she was working.
Tom didn't seem to want to tell me why he'd done that.
Tom could probably get Mary to show us how to do that.
Tom could do his job faster if he'd let Mary help him.
Tom can't actually do that even though he says he can.
Tom called Mary's high school to see if she was there.
Tom asked the guy at the gas station to check his oil.
Tom asked Mary to go to Boston with John next weekend.
Tom asked Mary if she understood what she ought to do.
Tom asked Mary if she had an umbrella he could borrow.
Tom asked Mary to go to the hospital to check on John.
Tom apologized to Mary in front of all his classmates.
Tom and Mary used to live next door to John and Alice.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary live in a very nice house on Park Street.
Tom and Mary argued about how to raise their children.
Tom and Mary aren't planning to go to Boston with you.
Tom and I don't kiss each other as much as we used to.
Tom always seems to be asking me to do things for him.
Three months after Tom and Mary met, they got married.
Neither Tom nor Mary has trouble understanding French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had a lot of bad experiences.
Neither Tom nor Mary has decided to go back to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been working the night shift.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been suspended from the team.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been offered a job in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in prison for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in Boston for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here since last October.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been having trouble sleeping.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been eliminated as a suspect.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been diagnosed with leukemia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been acting strangely lately.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to do with the case.
Neither Tom nor Mary has actually ever been to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things to deal with.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of teaching experience.
It looked like Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
I've been trying to convince Tom to move to Australia.
I'll go swimming with you, but I don't think Tom will.
I wasn't allowed to tell Tom what was going to happen.
I waited for Tom to tell me what to do, but he didn't.
I just haven't had a chance to talk to Tom about that.
I don't want to do anything that would make Tom angry.
I didn't want to say anything that might make Tom mad.
I couldn't find a single picture of Tom wearing a hat.
I asked Tom to find out where Mary had parked her car.
At that time, I didn't yet know when Tom would arrive.
At that time, I didn't yet know what Tom wanted to do.
What we don't know is whether Tom can do that or not.
We're not allowed to tell Tom what's going to happen.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all wearing name tags.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all in there somewhere.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all ordered the same thing.
Tom would be interested in hearing you sing, I think.
Tom works as a waiter at a restaurant near his house.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary about the party.
Tom won't likely be able to do everything by himself.
Tom will probably go hiking with us if we invite him.
Tom will likely go to the zoo with Mary next weekend.
Tom will be very disappointed if he sees you do that.
Tom went to the hospital because he had a high fever.
Tom was so drunk that he couldn't even open the door.
Tom was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life.
Tom wants to know what time you're going to be there.
Tom wanted to know how much ice cream Mary had eaten.
Tom walks to work, but he usually takes the bus home.
Tom tried his best to make sure Mary had a good time.
Tom took out his guitar and began singing a sad song.
Tom took one piece of pie and gave the other to Mary.
Tom told us his side of the story. Mary told us hers.
Tom started to eat before Mary sat down at the table.
Tom spends most of his time practicing his saxophone.
Tom should've tried on the shirt before he bought it.
Tom sat under the tree and watched the children play.
Tom read the letter first and then handed it to Mary.
Tom quickly ate a sandwich and then got back to work.
Tom paid me three hundred dollars to do that for him.
Tom opened the door wearing his pajamas and slippers.
Tom knows how to get in touch with me if he needs me.
Tom kissed Mary under the mistletoe on Christmas Eve.
Tom is very good at teaching people how to do things.
Tom is the pastor at the small church on Park Street.
Tom was injured quite badly in an automobile accident.
Tom is in the hospital recovering from heart surgery.
Tom is going to attend today's meeting instead of me.
Tom intends to visit his uncle in Boston next spring.
Tom hasn't decided who he's going to ask to the prom.
Tom has been hanging around with some strange people.
Tom has already decided not to go Boston next summer.
Tom has been accused of doing something that he didn't do.
Tom had no idea what he should say in that situation.
Tom had a good reason not to paying his rent on time.
Tom doesn't want his parents to find out what he did.
Tom doesn't spend a lot of time thinking about money.
Tom doesn't know what time he's supposed to be there.
Tom doesn't have the skills necessary to do that job.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary why he couldn't do that.
Tom didn't tell us what time he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell me what time he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell Mary what time he planned to do that.
Tom couldn't handle the pressure, so he quit his job.
Tom checked the door to make sure that it was locked.
Tom can't drive a car, so goes everywhere by bicycle.
Tom can hardly hear anything without his hearing aid.
Tom came here yesterday to help us paint our kitchen.
Tom bought something for Mary, but I'm not sure what.
Tom asked me a few questions about what had happened.
Tom asked Mary to try to talk John out of doing that.
Tom asked Mary to help John with his French homework.
Tom asked Mary to give him some more time to do that.
Tom asked Mary to find out what John wanted us to do.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why she needed to do that.
Tom and Mary spent all evening staring at each other.
Tom and Mary have known each other since high school.
Tom and Mary didn't leave when they were supposed to.
Tom and I would like to spend some time by ourselves.
This tastes a lot better than what Tom usually cooks.
The last time I saw Tom, he was wearing a cowboy hat.
The last time I saw Tom, he was still married to Mary.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very much money in the bank.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to be in Boston next Monday.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent any time in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has recently lost a lot of hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had anything to eat all day.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gotten much better at chess.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone back home to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given a lot of things to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever actually taught French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything disrespectful.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been waiting here very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been trying to get in shape.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told about the problem.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been taking the bus to work.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in there for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been hiding in the basement.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been getting ready to leave.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been a very good role model.
It took a long time for Tom to get over Mary's death.
It took Tom a long time to decide who should do that.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to go hiking with us.
I'm not going to tell Tom how much I paid for my car.
I told Tom who I thought would be the next president.
I saw Tom lying next to the ladder, covered in blood.
I got to know Tom when we were both living in Boston.
I don't like the same kind of TV shows that Tom does.
I definitely want to visit Tom when I'm in Australia.
I can't forgive Tom for some of the things he's done.
Even though we advised Tom not to do that, he did it.
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he was jealous.
We stayed at Tom's place in Boston for three days.
We don't even know if Tom is still in Boston or not.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice often play cards together.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all wearing name tags.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all innocent children.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all made the same mistake.
Tom, Mary and John all thought that Alice was crazy.
Tom wouldn't tell me how much he bought his car for.
Tom won't likely have to do that until October 20th.
Tom will probably never forgive Mary for doing that.
Tom will probably do that for you if you ask him to.
Tom will likely be able to do everything by himself.
Tom will let you know what time we need to be there.
Tom will go to Australia with us if he has the time.
Tom will be back in Boston by the middle of October.
Tom went up to one of the guys and knocked him down.
Tom went to the convenience store to get some bread.
Tom went to Mary's house to give her some chocolate.
Tom was very pleased with the way things turned out.
Tom was the only boy Mary had really ever talked to.
Tom was the first person to ask me if I needed help.
Tom was my best friend until he stole my girlfriend.
Tom was mugged last night on his way home from work.
Tom was mad because Mary went to Boston without him.
Tom was folding his laundry when I entered the room.
Tom was about to leave as Mary walked into the room.
Tom wants us to go swimming with him this afternoon.
Tom wants to know how much ice cream Mary has eaten.
Tom still doesn't know why he's supposed to do that.
Tom sold his house and moved into a small apartment.
Tom shouldn't be allowed to go to Boston by himself.
Tom should've gone to Mary's concert, but he didn't.
Tom seems a lot more relaxed when Mary isn't around.
Tom says he expects Mary to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he didn't remember how to use the shredder.
Tom said goodbye and then got into his car and left.
Tom obviously didn't know what he was talking about.
Tom lives in a small house on the outskirts of town.
Tom isn't very likely to find what he's looking for.
Tom is the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
Tom is the head chef at a restaurant on Park Street.
Tom is in the elevator on his way up to your office.
Tom is going to have a Christmas party next weekend.
Tom is going to go sailing with Mary this afternoon.
Tom is focused on his career and ignores his family.
Tom is expected to be back in Boson by October 20th.
Tom is excited about his upcoming trip to Australia.
Tom is chatting with his friends on the front porch.
Tom is already worried about what's going to happen.
Tom informed me that it made him feel uncomfortable.
Tom has never dated a girl whose name ends with "s".
Tom has more money than the rest of us put together.
Tom has asked Mary to give him more time to do that.
Tom has already done everything he's supposed to do.
Tom had no idea what Mary was going to cook for him.
Tom got injured in Boston when he was working there.
Tom gave Mary good advice, but she didn't follow it.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she was supposed to do.
Tom doesn't know if he should accept the job or not.
Tom doesn't know how to get out of the mess he's in.
Tom doesn't have to go to bed if he doesn't want to.
Tom didn't want to kiss Mary, but she wanted him to.
Tom didn't tell Mary who he planned to do that with.
Tom did a lot of babysitting when he was a teenager.
Tom decided to give Mary everything she'd asked for.
Tom couldn't remember where he hid the treasure map.
Tom can probably help us do that sometime next week.
Tom burns all his trash in a barrel in his backyard.
Tom bought something for each of his three children.
Tom bought enough food to last us about three weeks.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that on October 20th.
Tom asked Mary why she'd done that and she told him.
Tom asked Mary what she thought was going to happen.
Tom asked Mary what kind of games she liked to play.
Tom asked Mary to tell John about what had happened.
Tom asked Mary to stop by his place on her way home.
Tom asked Mary to show him the pictures she'd taken.
Tom asked Mary to show him how to tie a square knot.
Tom asked Mary to pull over to the side of the road.
Tom asked Mary to pick John up at the train station.
Tom asked Mary to help him with his French homework.
Tom asked Mary to continue doing what she was doing.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why he wanted to do that.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why he needed to do that.
Tom asked Mary not to stop doing what she was doing.
Tom asked Mary if she understood what she should do.
Tom asked Mary if she understood what she had to do.
Tom asked Mary how much time it took her to do that.
Tom and Mary still live next door to John and Alice.
Tom and Mary got up to dance to their favorite song.
Tom and Mary eloped and are now living in Australia.
Tom and Mary don't live near John and Alice anymore.
Tom and Mary didn't talk to each other at the party.
Tom and Mary didn't do anything they shouldn't have.
Tom and Mary blew up the colorful balloons together.
Tom and I had a couple of beers together last night.
Tom and I don't sing together as much as we used to.
There's nothing more important to me than my family.
The police officer asked Tom to step out of the car.
Neither Tom nor Mary has played a lot of basketball.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any very big mistakes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me a lot of guidance.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found anything interesting.
Neither Tom nor Mary has experience teaching French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything but complain.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been working in the garden.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been with us for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been waiting for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been trying to lose weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been transferred to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been taken to the hospital.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been suspended from school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been sleeping on the couch.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been seeing a psychiatrist.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been putting on any weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been looking for a new job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been living here very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been going to night school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been given a second chance.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been able to solve the problem.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to complain about.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of books.
Mary went to the beauty parlor to get her hair dyed.
Mary was an attractive girl when she was a teenager.
Mary is planning to participate in a beauty contest.
It looks like Tom might actually graduate this year.
I'll come, but I don't know whether or not Tom will.
I wonder who Tom thinks is going to do that for him.
I told Tom why I'd never graduated from high school.
I saw Tom walking in the park with Mary last Monday.
I don't remember where I met Tom for the first time.
I didn't want to work with Tom, but I had no choice.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that on October 20th.
We talked about how we should handle the situation.
We discussed ways we could deal with the situation.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all on the same bus.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all college students.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all jumped into the pool.
Tom wondered what Mary and John were talking about.
Tom will be very disappointed if you don't do that.
Tom will be disappointed if he sees you doing that.
Tom went to the hospital because he'd been injured.
Tom went to the hospital because he had a bad cold.
Tom went to the convenience store to get some milk.
Tom was the first person to ask me why I was there.
Tom was going really fast when he ran off the road.
Tom was careful not to drop the box marked fragile.
Tom wants Mary to cook something different tonight.
Tom wanted the barber to cut his hair really short.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him why she didn't do that.
Tom used to wear a baseball cap everywhere he went.
Tom took a key from his pocket and opened the door.
Tom threw the drugs into the toilet and flushed it.
Tom suggested to Mary that she stay away from John.
Tom stepped on Mary's feet while they were dancing.
Tom said that he had a wonderful time in Australia.
Tom reached into his toolbox and took out a hammer.
Tom plans to visit his uncle in Boston next spring.
Tom obviously doesn't know what he's talking about.
Tom must've understood what Mary was talking about.
Tom must not have known what he was supposed to do.
Tom might not have been the one who told Mary that.
Tom met Mary at 2:this afternoon at the airport.
Tom made thirty dollars an hour on that job.
Tom kept staring at the door, expecting it to open.
Tom is the only one who's done that more than once.
Tom is the one responsible for what happened today.
Tom is smart enough not to expect Mary to help him.
Tom is planning to do that with three other people.
Tom is going to eventually get tired of doing that.
Tom is going to be the designated driver next time.
Tom is going to be in Boston by this time tomorrow.
Tom inherited his love of painting from his mother.
Tom heard screaming and cussing outside his window.
Tom hasn't decided where he wants to go to college.
Tom has decided to visit Mary in Boston in October.
Tom has been kicked out of that bar more than once.
Tom has been identified as one of the bank robbers.
Tom has been hanging out with Mary and her friends.
Tom has already decided to not to let Mary do that.
Tom has a daughter named Mary and a son named John.
Tom had a chance to do that, but he decided not to.
Tom got injured while trying to break up the fight.
Tom drove through a red light, causing an accident.
Tom doesn't live very far from where that happened.
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston with us next week.
Tom didn't tell us what time he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell me what time he planned to do that.
Tom didn't seem to want to tell me where he'd been.
Tom didn't learn to play chess until he was thirty.
Tom didn't give me as much money as he said he did.
Tom carried the rest of his luggage up to his room.
Tom can't be over thirty. He looks like a teenager.
Tom bought a new watch because he lost his old one.
Tom assumed the bracelet he found belonged to Mary.
Tom asked Mary who she wanted to go to Boston with.
Tom asked Mary to say something to John about that.
Tom and his grandmother have gone to the bookstore.
Tom and Mary were surprised to see John with Alice.
Tom and Mary were planning on doing that yesterday.
Tom and Mary want us to help them do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary haven't talked to each other in years.
Tom and Mary have decided to go to Boston together.
Tom and Mary don't usually take vacations together.
Tom and Mary are the ones who told John to do that.
Tom and Mary are the ones who told John about that.
Tom and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom almost got married to a woman he met in Boston.
The police officer asked Tom to get out of his car.
Neither Tom nor Mary really wants to do that today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has traveled around Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has started looking for a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any good suggestions.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lived alone for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone fishing this weekend.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done that very many times.
Neither Tom nor Mary has decided to stay in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has decided to move to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been released from prison.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been offered a better job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been kicked out of school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been invited to the party.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping us with that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping me very much.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been expelled from school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been doing well at school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been crying for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been around for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to be ashamed of.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to apologize for.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything important to say.
Neither Tom nor Mary has any experience doing that.
Most of us don't care whether Tom does that or not.
Mary's boyfriend is three years older than she is.
I've decided not to do that until after Tom leaves.
I've been trying to convince Tom to move to Boston.
I'm not sure if it's Tom that I should worry about.
I'm looking forward to hearing what Tom has to say.
I'll continue helping you as long as you need help.
I'd really like for you to invite Tom to our party.
I'd like to know who Tom said was going to do that.
I wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't been there.
I wonder where Tom lived before he moved to Boston.
I was surprised when I saw Tom playing with a doll.
I was still eating my breakfast when Tom came over.
I was pretty surprised when I saw Tom kissing Mary.
I told Tom who I thought was going to win the race.
I think Tom didn't want to tell me where he'd been.
I didn't realize that Tom was the one who did that.
I couldn't explain to Tom what was going to happen.
I could probably get Tom to show us how to do that.
I can't help but wonder if Tom is going to do that.
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he was angry.
Unlike the rest of us, Tom can do that quite well.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all waiting for you.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all loved what they saw.
Tom, Mary and John all turned and looked at Alice.
Tom wouldn't tell me how much he paid for his car.
Tom won't likely be able find the time to do that.
Tom won't be able to protect Mary from everything.
Tom woke up the next day with a very bad headache.
Tom will probably never forgive us for doing that.
Tom will probably do exactly the same thing we do.
Tom will do whatever it takes to get the job done.
Tom will be discharged from the hospital tomorrow.
Tom went to the cafeteria to get something to eat.
Tom went into the kitchen to get a glass of water.
Tom wasn't able to get the cork out of the bottle.
Tom was very happy with the way things turned out.
Tom was the only one there who was taller than me.
Tom was more popular than Mary was in high school.
Tom was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
Tom was a volunteer firefighter when he was younger.
Tom usually flosses his teeth at least once a day.
Tom usually carries a bottle of water in his pack.
Tom used to live on the other side of the country.
Tom used to live in the same neighborhood as Mary.
Tom used the screwdriver to clean his fingernails.
Tom turned around to see if he was being followed.
Tom tried his hardest, but it still wasn't enough.
Tom told me his father had been killed in the war.
Tom spends a lot of time practicing his saxophone.
Tom shot the dog that had killed one of his sheep.
Tom set three alarms, but he still didn't wake up.
Tom seems to be having trouble making up his mind.
Tom seems a lot more relaxed when Mary isn't here.
Tom seemed to be able to speak French fairly well.
Tom sat down and listened to what Mary had to say.
Tom probably won't be able to fix that by himself.
Tom parked on the street in front of Mary's house.
Tom must've had his reasons for doing what he did.
Tom lives only three or four kilometers from here.
Tom isn't the kind of person I'd want to work for.
Tom is out on the front porch, playing his guitar.
Tom is in the classroom, arguing with the teacher.
Tom is going to be very hurt if you don't do that.
Tom is going to be drunk by the time we get there.
Tom intends to live in Boston for at least a year.
Tom has always been different from the other kids.
Tom has agreed to meet me on October 20th at 2:30.
Tom found what he was looking for in the basement.
Tom expects Mary to do that again on October 20th.
Tom doesn't realize he's doing that the wrong way.
Tom doesn't like listening to sports on the radio.
Tom doesn't get along well with his new neighbors.
Tom doesn't even know what Mary does for a living.
Tom doesn't care if Mary does her homework or not.
Tom didn't tell us who he planned to do that with.
Tom didn't tell me who he planned to do that with.
Tom didn't tell Mary when he planned to get there.
Tom didn't say where we were supposed to meet him.
Tom didn't really know what he was supposed to do.
Tom didn't know what Mary had put in his suitcase.
Tom didn't know if he was really ready to do that.
Tom didn't even try to do what we asked him to do.
Tom did what he could, but it still wasn't enough.
Tom decided not to give Mary what she'd asked for.
Tom could probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom could hear Mary washing dishes in the kitchen.
Tom can probably convince Mary to stop doing that.
Tom bought a mansion near his grandparents' house.
Tom ate three of the cupcakes that Mary had baked.
Tom asked me to buy three bottles of wine for him.
Tom asked for one, but they wouldn't give him one.
Tom asked Mary where she had bought her new dress.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted him to get for her.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted him to buy for her.
Tom asked Mary to watch the video that he'd taken.
Tom asked Mary to tell him why she didn't do that.
Tom asked Mary to tell him when it was time to go.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what she wanted to do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what she needed to do.
Tom asked Mary to teach his daughter how to drive.
Tom asked Mary to sew a button back on his jacket.
Tom asked Mary to return the money she'd borrowed.
Tom asked Mary to help John clean the living room.
Tom asked Mary to go to the supermarket with John.
Tom asked Mary to find out what they needed to do.
Tom asked Mary to find out what needed to be done.
Tom asked Mary to find out what John wanted to do.
Tom asked Mary to find out what John needed to do.
Tom asked Mary to explain her plan in more detail.
Tom asked Mary to buy a couple of bottles of wine.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why she had to do that.
Tom asked Mary not to say anything to his parents.
Tom and three other boys were here this afternoon.
Tom and Mary were planning on doing that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary were both in Boston at the same time.
Tom and Mary moved into their new house last week.
Tom and Mary met each other just three months ago.
Tom and Mary didn't want to eat at the same place.
Tom and Mary bought their wedding rings last week.
Tom and I spent all evening looking at each other.
Tom and I had a conversation about that yesterday.
Tom always seems nervous when Mary is in the room.
The last time I saw Tom he was sitting over there.
The last time I saw Tom he didn't seem very happy.
The dogs started howling when Tom started singing.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lived here for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone back home to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever spoken French to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything really bad.
Neither Tom nor Mary has come back from Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has bought a house in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very busy this week.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been making any progress.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in prison very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping me recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been complaining of pain.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been acting suspiciously.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been accused of cheating.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been a very good manager.
Neither Tom nor Mary has attended many ceremonies.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to do with this.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to do with that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to do right now.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to be scared of.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to be afraid of.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a good command of French.
Neither Tom nor Mary had anything to do with that.
Mary's husband is three years younger than she is.
Mary needed a dress, so her mother bought her one.
It's sometimes hard to know what Tom really wants.
It Tom continues doing that, he'll get in trouble.
If Tom can't do that, maybe Mary can do it for us.
I'm not sure if it's Tom who I should worry about.
I'm going to play soccer with Tom and his friends.
I'll see if I can talk Tom into doing that for us.
I'll be here tomorrow, but I don't think Tom will.
I'll be at your party, but I don't think Tom will.
I'd like to know why Tom didn't go to the concert.
I wondered if Tom was going to do that by himself.
I wonder what we should do if Tom doesn't show up.
I wonder if I should tell Tom about what happened.
I told Tom to sit down and drink a glass of water.
I saw Tom sitting at the bar alone, drinking wine.
I don't plan to do the same thing Tom plans to do.
I don't plan on doing the same thing Tom is doing.
I didn't want Tom to go out after dark by himself.
I definitely want to visit Tom when I'm in Boston.
I asked Tom to find out what Mary was looking for.
Don't waste your time waiting for Tom to help you.
Compared to us, Tom and his friends are just kids.
At that time, I didn't yet know what Tom would do.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all older than you.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all having fun now.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all went into the cave.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all should go with you.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all burst out laughing.
Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom would be interested in hearing that, I think.
Tom won't stop until he gets everything he wants.
Tom woke Mary up earlier than usual this morning.
Tom will go to Boston with us if he has the time.
Tom will be released from prison on October 20th.
Tom will be heading to Boston after this meeting.
Tom went to live in a village very far from here.
Tom went to a convenience store to get some milk.
Tom went to Boston and brought his children home.
Tom went into the pub and ordered a pint of beer.
Tom went back outside to see what Mary was doing.
Tom was waiting outside the supermarket for Mary.
Tom was the first person to volunteer to help us.
Tom was standing on the bridge, whistling a tune.
Tom was outside playing with the dog a while ago.
Tom was obviously wasn't having a very good time.
Tom was happy that his landlady lowered the rent.
Tom was found lying face down in a pool of blood.
Tom was caught driving well over the speed limit.
Tom was buried in the cemetery behind the church.
Tom tried to do something that couldn't be done.
Tom told the police that about what had happened.
Tom told Mary to tell John what she wanted to do.
Tom told Mary to tell John what she needed to do.
Tom still lives in the same neighborhood as Mary.
Tom started to sing a song and we all sang along.
Tom showed me the letter he'd received from Mary.
Tom showed Mary the letter that he got from John.
Tom should've dealt with the problem differently.
Tom should've dealt with that problem right away.
Tom should be allowed to go to Boston by himself.
Tom said that he couldn't remember what happened.
Tom said something to Mary and she left the room.
Tom refused to tell Mary what she wanted to know.
Tom really wants to know what you want him to do.
Tom ran into the house to get something to drink.
Tom picked up some beautiful shells on the beach.
Tom opened his desk drawer and took out a pencil.
Tom offered no explanation as to why he did that.
Tom just sat there with a bored look on his face.
Tom isn't the only boy's name that ends with "m".
Tom is the speech therapist who worked with Mary.
Tom is likely to do that while he's in Australia.
Tom is going to lose his job if he's not careful.
Tom is going to be lonely now that Mary has gone.
Tom is going to be eligible for parole next year.
Tom is drinking something, but I'm not sure what.
Tom is at a local bar, drinking with his friends.
Tom is a student at the same school Mary goes to.
Tom is a lot more relaxed when Mary isn't around.
Tom has seriously been thinking about doing that.
Tom has decided not to go to Boston next weekend.
Tom has borrowed a lot of money from many people.
Tom has already left to meet Mary at the airport.
Tom has already decided to go Boston next summer.
Tom has a son named Tom and a grandson named Tom.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she needed to bring.
Tom fell asleep while waiting at a traffic light.
Tom enjoys teaching teachers how to teach better.
Tom doesn't usually to go to bed before midnight.
Tom doesn't know where he'll be living next year.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's French textbook is.
Tom doesn't know anything about raising chickens.
Tom doesn't have the strength to do that anymore.
Tom didn't want to leave, but Mary wanted him to.
Tom didn't want to drive, but Mary wanted him to.
Tom didn't want Mary to see his passport picture.
Tom didn't tell Mary where he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary how he planned to get there.
Tom didn't say what time he planned to get there.
Tom couldn't remember where he hid the documents.
Tom could've handled the problem in a better way.
Tom could hear people talking outside his window.
Tom claims not to know Mary, but I think he does.
Tom can barely make himself understood in French.
Tom bought enough food to last about three weeks.
Tom asked me how many brothers and sisters I had.
Tom asked Mary where she'd leaned how to do that.
Tom asked Mary to watch the video that he'd made.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what he needed to do.
Tom asked Mary to come back later this afternoon.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why he had to do that.
Tom and Mary's marriage only lasted three months.
Tom and Mary will be having a yard sale tomorrow.
Tom and Mary want to stay for another three days.
Tom and Mary want to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary used to live next to John and Alice.
Tom and Mary often go to the laundromat together.
Tom and Mary named their children John and Alice.
Tom and Mary have written several books together.
Tom and Mary have a very tumultuous relationship.
Tom and Mary don't want to eat at the same place.
Tom and Mary didn't want to watch the same movie.
Tom and Mary didn't want to go to the same place.
Tom and Mary decorated their house for Christmas.
Tom and Mary argued about that all day yesterday.
Tom and Mary are the ones who'll have to do that.
Tom and Mary are getting married on October 20th.
The sniper took aim at Tom, shot, and killed him.
The smell didn't seem to bother Tom in the least.
The search party hasn't given up looking for Tom.
The police have their reasons for suspecting Tom.
The police don't have Tom's vehicle on their GPS.
The noise didn't seem to bother Tom in the least.
The last time I saw Tom he didn't look very well.
Neither Tom nor Mary was elected class president.
Neither Tom nor Mary has trouble speaking French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to speak French at work.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do anything else now.
Neither Tom nor Mary has offered any suggestions.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found anything valuable.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever lived in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has donated any money to us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very busy recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told what happened.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been to another country.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been teaching very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been sick for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been seeing a therapist.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been released from jail.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here all afternoon.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been gone for very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has as many books as I have.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to worry about.
Neither Tom nor Mary has admitted any wrongdoing.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a son who's a policeman.
Mary looked absolutely gorgeous in her new dress.
It took Tom a long time to find the light switch.
It looks like Tom isn't doing anything right now.
It looks like Tom is unable to solve the problem.
It looks like Tom is getting tired of doing that.
If by any chance Tom needs help, please help him.
I've heard Tom say that at least a hundred times.
I've forgotten almost all the French I ever knew.
I've been trying to convince Tom to learn French.
I'm going to give Tom a bicycle for his birthday.
I'm expecting a phone call from Tom this morning.
I'll probably be able to convince Tom to do that.
I'll drive Tom home on the back of my motorcycle.
I wonder why Tom isn't wearing his glasses today.
I tried to tell Tom that, but he wouldn't listen.
I saw Tom stealing apples from one of your trees.
I saw Tom and his father walking down the street.
I don't yet know how much money Tom will lend me.
I don't yet know how much money Tom will give me.
I didn't know why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I didn't approve of the way Tom was doing things.
I called Tom while I was walking to the bus stop.
Ask Tom to put the milk back in the refrigerator.
All I know is that Tom is a boy at Mary's school.
After Tom broke up with Mary, he joined the army.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom see you doing it.
We discussed ways we could handle the situation.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all pretty tired.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all scared of you.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all went to bed early.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all made for the door.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all helped me do that.
Tom's younger brother loves Mary's older sister.
Tom would've let you do that if you'd asked him.
Tom would've been here by now if he were coming.
Tom would certainly do that if you asked him to.
Tom wore an orange hat. His coat was orange too.
Tom wondered why Mary was wearing a black dress.
Tom won't be allowed to go to Boston by himself.
Tom won't be able to find what he's looking for.
Tom won't be able to do that as quickly as Mary.
Tom woke up the next day with a severe headache.
Tom will spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Tom went to the corner store to buy some butter.
Tom wears the same Halloween costume every year.
Tom wasn't able to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom was very pleased with how things turned out.
Tom was unaware of what was happening in Boston.
Tom was the only one who wasn't drinking coffee.
Tom was the first person to jump into the water.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary kissing John.
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary helping John.
Tom was seriously injured in a traffic accident.
Tom was pushed against the wall by his attacker.
Tom was on his way to work when a truck hit him.
Tom wanted to tell Mary why he couldn't do that.
Tom usually wears a hat and carries an umbrella.
Tom used to play the guitar when he was younger.
Tom used to play swim a lot when he was younger.
Tom used to play golf two or three times a week.
Tom took part in the search for the missing boy.
Tom told me that traveling would be good for me.
Tom takes care of the kids on Monday afternoons.
Tom still hasn't said anything to me about that.
Tom spent all evening trying to memorize a poem.
Tom should've dealt with that problem yesterday.
Tom said that he wanted to speak to the manager.
Tom said that he had a wonderful time in Boston.
Tom refused to explain why he wanted to do that.
Tom put the jack back into the trunk of his car.
Tom put his glasses on the table beside his bed.
Tom parked in the parking lot behind the school.
Tom made Mary give him what she had in her hand.
Tom lives in Boston, but he was born in Chicago.
Tom knew that he'd have to make a decision soon.
Tom killed his brother with his father's pistol.
Tom isn't likely to be able to fix the computer.
Tom isn't going to have an easy time doing that.
Tom isn't a person who does things very quickly.
Tom is trying to figure out what the problem is.
Tom is the only one who really knows what to do.
Tom is still trying to figure out what happened.
Tom is likely to do that when he's in Australia.
Tom is learning how to correctly paddle a canoe.
Tom is going to be asleep by the time we arrive.
Tom is going to be a good soccer player someday.
Tom is flying back to Australia on October 20th.
Tom is explaining the problem to Mary right now.
Tom is at the counter, drinking a cup of coffee.
Tom is already sitting at the dining room table.
Tom inherited his love of music from his mother.
Tom hid his face in the pillow and began to cry.
Tom headed home as soon as the concert was over.
Tom hasn't yet told us what happened that night.
Tom has just found out that Mary won't be there.
Tom has been sitting on the porch all afternoon.
Tom has been in his room studying all afternoon.
Tom has attempted suicide three times this year.
Tom has a German shepherd and Mary has a poodle.
Tom had trouble finding his way out of the cave.
Tom had to get out of there as fast as he could.
Tom finished his chores faster than usual today.
Tom finally saw his chance to ask Mary to dance.
Tom felt dizzy after blowing up thirty balloons.
Tom doesn't spend his money on frivolous things.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that unless he has to.
Tom doesn't like Boston and Mary doesn't either.
Tom doesn't have to justify his decisions to us.
Tom doesn't have time to do anything else today.
Tom doesn't even want to get a driver's license.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary why he'd done that.
Tom didn't tell us when he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell me when he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell Mary when he planned to do that.
Tom didn't start doing that until he was thirty.
Tom didn't seem overly interested in doing that.
Tom didn't seem know what he was supposed to do.
Tom didn't even try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom could probably convince Mary not to do that.
Tom could hardly wait to see his children again.
Tom charged me three hundred dollars to do that.
Tom came over to our table to ask us a question.
Tom came into the room with a smile on his face.
Tom called Mary and told her about the accident.
Tom brushes his teeth three or four times a day.
Tom bought three bottles of expensive champagne.
Tom begged Mary not to tell John where he lived.
Tom asked me how many bottles of beer I'd drunk.
Tom asked his mother help him with his homework.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to live in Boston.
Tom asked Mary where she had bought her bicycle.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what he ought to do.
Tom asked Mary to send him a picture of herself.
Tom asked Mary to keep doing what she was doing.
Tom asked Mary to help him find a place to live.
Tom asked Mary to give him more time to do that.
Tom asked Mary to find out what he needed to do.
Tom asked Mary to buy some eggs on her way home.
Tom asked Mary to be more careful the next time.
Tom asked Mary if she'd mind doing that for him.
Tom and Mary's marriage only lasted three years.
Tom and Mary will be eating lunch by themselves.
Tom and Mary were planning to do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary were able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary walked through the garden together.
Tom and Mary spent some time together yesterday.
Tom and Mary have done that together many times.
Tom and Mary have been taking a lot of pictures.
Tom and Mary don't want to watch the same movie.
Tom and Mary don't want to go to the same place.
Tom and Mary don't do anything together anymore.
Tom and I've known each other since high school.
Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
The last time I saw Tom he was still in college.
The last time I saw Tom he was still a teenager.
The last time I saw Tom he was riding a bicycle.
The heat didn't seem to bother Tom in the least.
The doctors assured Tom that Mary would recover.
The cold didn't seem to bother Tom in the least.
Neither Tom nor Mary has won an award this year.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent any time in jail.
Neither Tom nor Mary has much money in the bank.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any bad decisions.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had very much to drink.
Neither Tom nor Mary has denied the allegations.
Neither Tom nor Mary has denied the accusations.
Neither Tom nor Mary has caused us much trouble.
Neither Tom nor Mary has caused me much trouble.
Neither Tom nor Mary has begun to look for work.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been waiting very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been seriously injured.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been putting on weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been married very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to say to you.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to meet with us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a heated swimming pool.
Neither Tom nor Mary had anything to do with it.
Mary's husband is three years older than she is.
Mary bought herself three new dresses last week.
It was pure coincidence that Tom was there, too.
It looks like Tom and Mary enjoy being together.
If by any chance Tom comes, give him this paper.
I'm not going to tell Tom what needs to be done.
I wonder if Tom really did that on October 20th.
I wonder if I should tell Tom where we're going.
I wonder if I should tell Tom about what we did.
I wasn't allowed to tell Tom what was happening.
I don't want Tom to do that unless I'm with him.
I don't know where Tom will be living next year.
I do try not to talk to Tom more than I have to.
I didn't really give Tom enough time to do that.
Earlier, Tom was on the balcony talking to Mary.
What Tom did didn't seem to bother Mary at all.
We're not allowed to tell Tom what's happening.
We're expecting Tom to leave sometime tomorrow.
We expect Tom to get back home on October 20th.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all very hungry.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all pretty tired.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all good singers.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all congratulated me.
Tom's locker is three lockers away from Mary's.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary what she wanted to know.
Tom would never do what you're accusing him of.
Tom won't be able pay all his bills this month.
Tom wished he knew who to give the envelope to.
Tom will never tell you what actually happened.
Tom will be speaking in Boston on October 20th.
Tom went to the grocery store to get something.
Tom went to the grocery store to buy something.
Tom went into the store to buy a loaf of bread.
Tom wasn't really surprised when that happened.
Tom wasn't able to do what he said he could do.
Tom was upset because Mary refused to help him.
Tom was trapped in the basement for three days.
Tom was the only one who didn't how to do that.
Tom was obviously not interested in doing that.
Tom was engaged to Mary for about three months.
Tom was brought into the clinic on a stretcher.
Tom was a lot shorter than I'd thought he'd be.
Tom was a heavy drinker when he was in college.
Tom waited for hours, but Mary never showed up.
Tom usually carries a bottle of water with him.
Tom used that word several times in his speech.
Tom tried to figure out what needed to be done.
Tom stood in the corner of the room by himself.
Tom still hasn't decided what he's going to do.
Tom showed me the letter he'd gotten from Mary.
Tom showed Mary the letter he had just written.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary what had happened.
Tom should be able to do everything by himself.
Tom refused to tell Mary what she needed to do.
Tom reads everything he could get his hands on.
Tom read the letter and then handed it to Mary.
Tom ran back to his bedroom and started crying.
Tom quite often borrows money from his friends.
Tom quickly undressed and got under the covers.
Tom plans to meet Mary on October 20th at 2:30.
Tom picked up his toys and put them in the box.
Tom needs to be back in Boston by October 20th.
Tom might not be living on Park Street anymore.
Tom might go to the zoo with Mary next weekend.
Tom knew that he'd have to tell Mary the truth.
Tom isn't the kind of person I'd hang out with.
Tom isn't likely to be able to do that for you.
Tom is just a beginner, but he's learning fast.
Tom is going to need to handle that by himself.
Tom is going to have to handle that by himself.
Tom is going to be in prison for several years.
Tom is going back to Australia on October 20th.
Tom is expected back in Boston on October 20th.
Tom is at the shopping center, buying supplies.
Tom is a lot more relaxed when Mary isn't here.
Tom has work that needs to be done before noon.
Tom has just enough money to buy what he needs.
Tom has had many chances to do the right thing.
Tom has finally found out who Mary's father is.
Tom has come back from Australia for Christmas.
Tom has been trying to learn a few card tricks.
Tom has been seeing a psychiatrist once a week.
Tom has already decided where he's going to go.
Tom has already decided what he's going to eat.
Tom has already decided what he's going to buy.
Tom has already decided never to do that again.
Tom got caught stealing from the cash register.
Tom got angry when he saw Mary talking to John.
Tom goes to Boston whenever he has a chance to.
Tom ended up doing what he said he wouldn't do.
Tom doesn't really have the courage to do that.
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom doesn't like it when people talk about him.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary sits next to him.
Tom doesn't know how he's going to do that yet.
Tom doesn't go swimming as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't even know how to make a cup of tea.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom didn't want to be the first one to do that.
Tom didn't tell us where he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell us how he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell me where he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell me how he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell Mary why she shouldn't do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary how he planned to do that.
Tom didn't seem particularly pleased to see me.
Tom didn't say when he was planning to do that.
Tom didn't say what time he planned to do that.
Tom didn't look very happy yesterday afternoon.
Tom didn't go to Boston with Mary last weekend.
Tom didn't go to Boston last weekend with Mary.
Tom didn't get a chance to say goodbye to Mary.
Tom didn't expect to be asked to give a speech.
Tom didn't do that, even though he said he did.
Tom could hear people talking in the next room.
Tom could go to the zoo with Mary next weekend.
Tom claimed that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom changed the word to soften the environment.
Tom can't tell us who we can and can't talk to.
Tom came to church last week with his children.
Tom came out of his house and got into his car.
Tom called Mary at 2:30, but she didn't answer.
Tom bullied me when I was in elementary school.
Tom bought this umbrella when he was in Boston.
Tom bought groceries on his way home from work.
Tom bought a new wallet to replace his old one.
Tom blamed Mary for everything that went wrong.
Tom begged his parents to let him go to Boston.
Tom began drinking heavily after his wife died.
Tom asked me how many times I'd been to Boston.
Tom asked me how many pieces of cake I'd eaten.
Tom asked Mary why she doesn't like to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she doesn't like doing that.
Tom asked Mary where she'd spent the afternoon.
Tom asked Mary where she'd gone to high school.
Tom asked Mary what she thought of his new hat.
Tom asked Mary to tell him why she'd done that.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what she had to do.
Tom asked Mary to stop by his house after work.
Tom asked Mary to come to his house after work.
Tom asked Mary not to tell John where he lived.
Tom asked Mary if she had any pictures of John.
Tom asked John if he'd like to be his roommate.
Tom and his friends are planning to rob a bank.
Tom and Mary were walking in the park together.
Tom and Mary were surprised when that happened.
Tom and Mary were planning to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary walked around the garden together.
Tom and Mary still live next to John and Alice.
Tom and Mary met at a party on Valentine's Day.
Tom and Mary didn't want to see the same movie.
Tom and Mary dated each other for three months.
Tom and Mary are playing catch in the backyard.
Tom and I went hiking together on October 20th.
Tom and I don't eat out as often as we used to.
Tom almost left his umbrella in the restaurant.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very much to do today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very good handwriting.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go to the hospital.
Neither Tom nor Mary has time to do that today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made many new friends.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any bad mistakes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost very much weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever has been married.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything illegal.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything foolish.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been working overtime.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very cooperative.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very busy lately.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been skipping classes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been severely injured.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here a long time.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been getting up early.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been doing a good job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been causing problems.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything left to sell.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything better to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has any money in the bank.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to work for us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a postgraduate degree.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a diplomatic passport.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a birthday in October.
Mary is just a friend. She isn't my girlfriend.
Mary couldn't find a dress to wear to the prom.
Mary bought herself a new purse this afternoon.
It was Tom who saved the girl who was drowning.
It took a long time for Tom finish that report.
It took Tom a long time to decide what to wear.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to go swimming.
It doesn't matter to me who Tom does that with.
I've already given Tom many chances to do that.
I'm not supposed to help Tom with his homework.
I'm looking forward to hearing what Tom thinks.
I'm definitely interested in what Tom is doing.
I'll tell Tom why Mary doesn't want to go to Boston.
I'd really like you to invite Tom to our party.
I wondered if Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I wondered if Tom needed to do that by himself.
I wonder why they picked Tom to be the manager.
I wonder who Tom is going to go to Boston with.
I wonder what we should do if Tom doesn't come.
I wasn't allowed to tell Tom what was going on.
I live in Boston, not far from where Tom lives.
I don't plan to do the same thing Tom is doing.
I didn't want to tell Tom the truth, but I did.
I asked Tom to find out what Mary wanted to do.
Ask Tom if he plans to be here on October 20th.
Why don't we all go visit Tom in the hospital?
When I first saw Tom, I thought he was a girl.
We're not allowed to tell Tom what's going on.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all watching TV.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all very hungry.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all on vacation.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked relieved.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all look ridiculous.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all knew what to do.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all got up to leave.
Tom wouldn't tell the police officer his name.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary what his last name was.
Tom would never be able to do that by himself.
Tom wondered how long he should wait for Mary.
Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to do that.
Tom won't have time to do anything else today.
Tom won't be able to find the time to do that.
Tom won't be able to do everything by himself.
Tom won't be able to come over this afternoon.
Tom will take care of the baby this afternoon.
Tom will probably be happy to do that for you.
Tom will be driving to Boston on October 20th.
Tom went over to Mary's to give her something.
Tom went over to Mary's house to ask for help.
Tom went into the store to buy some ice cream.
Tom went by car because he's afraid of flying.
Tom wasn't ready for what was going to happen.
Tom wasn't ready for what was about to happen.
Tom was waiting for me in front of the school.
Tom was very happy with how things turned out.
Tom was the only one who wasn't drinking wine.
Tom was sitting in the back of the auditorium.
Tom was playing tennis with Mary this morning.
Tom was obviously amused by what was going on.
Tom was in almost every photo in Mary's album.
Tom was hired to do my job before I got fired.
Tom was bullied by students in his old school.
Tom was a taxi driver when he lived in Boston.
Tom was a heavy drinker before he got married.
Tom wanted to take pictures of his classmates.
Tom wanted Mary and I to do that by ourselves.
Tom very often borrows money from his friends.
Tom used to play baseball when he was younger.
Tom told Mary what he thought the problem was.
Tom told Mary to tell John what she had to do.
Tom told Mary exactly what she wanted to know.
Tom talked Mary into helping him wash the car.
Tom studied mechanical engineering in college.
Tom started a day with a strong cup of coffee.
Tom spends about three hundred dollars a week.
Tom showed his grandfather how to use the ATM.
Tom should've planted more onions than he did.
Tom should've handled the problem differently.
Tom seemed to be having fun dancing with Mary.
Tom said that he had a good time in Australia.
Tom rode a horse for the first time yesterday.
Tom read everything he could get his hands on.
Tom ran into his old roommate at Mary's party.
Tom needs to stay here until tomorrow morning.
Tom may be in prison for the rest of his life.
Tom knows exactly what kind of person Mary is.
Tom isn't a psychiatrist. He's a psychologist.
Tom is unlikely to find what he's looking for.
Tom is the one who's going to take care of me.
Tom is smoking a cigarette out on the balcony.
Tom is one of the best guitar players in town.
Tom is likely to do that while he's in Boston.
Tom is interested in both Mary and her sister.
Tom is going to get back home on October 20th.
Tom is going to get another chance to do that.
Tom is going to be back in time for Christmas.
Tom is dressed more casually than usual today.
Tom is at the train station, waiting for Mary.
Tom is at the laundromat, washing his clothes.
Tom is a fast worker, but he does sloppy work.
Tom hasn't been doing his homework by himself.
Tom has been on the death row for three years.
Tom has been married to Mary for thirty years.
Tom has been behaving like a kindergarten kid.
Tom has always wanted to own his own business.
Tom has already decided what he's going to do.
Tom had nothing to do with Mary getting fired.
Tom had a piece of chocolate cake for dessert.
Tom frequently borrows money from his friends.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she should bring.
Tom finished doing that about three hours ago.
Tom filled his thermos bottle with hot coffee.
Tom filled his and Mary's canteens with water.
Tom doesn't want to tell Mary what's happened.
Tom doesn't want to do that until after lunch.
Tom doesn't usually mind the heat or the cold.
Tom doesn't know where his French textbook is.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is doing that or not.
Tom doesn't know how long the party will last.
Tom doesn't have enough money to pay his rent.
Tom doesn't go fishing as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't get along well with his neighbors.
Tom didn't want to go, but Mary wanted him to.
Tom didn't tell us when he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell me when he planned to do that.
Tom didn't say who he planned to do that with.
Tom didn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom didn't know either Mary or John back then.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be such a good cook.
Tom did all kinds of things he shouldn't have.
Tom did all kinds of strange things back then.
Tom denied knowing anything about their plans.
Tom decided to give Mary what she'd asked for.
Tom crashed his car a week after he bought it.
Tom cleared the table and Mary did the dishes.
Tom came to work this morning with a hangover.
Tom came over to my desk to give me something.
Tom bought something for each of his children.
Tom bought some cold drinks for his daughters.
Tom bought each of his friends a shot tequila.
Tom bought a pizza and took it over to Mary's.
Tom asked the same question to several people.
Tom asked me how much money I had in the bank.
Tom asked Mary what she was planning on doing.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what he should do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what he had to do.
Tom asked Mary to pick John up at the station.
Tom asked Mary to pick John up at the airport.
Tom asked Mary to park her car somewhere else.
Tom asked Mary to keep an eye on his suitcase.
Tom asked Mary to help John with his homework.
Tom asked Mary to ask John why he'd done that.
Tom asked John to check to see if Mary was OK.
Tom and Mary worked together for three months.
Tom and Mary want to stay for three more days.
Tom and Mary used to live near John and Alice.
Tom and Mary traveled together for a few days.
Tom and Mary seemed to be having a lot of fun.
Tom and Mary often play table tennis together.
Tom and Mary live next door to John and Alice.
Tom and Mary haven't yet reached an agreement.
Tom and Mary haven't been here in a long time.
Tom and Mary have been taking care of our dog.
Tom and Mary don't want to see the same movie.
Tom and Mary don't usually eat lunch together.
Tom and Mary don't speak French to each other.
Tom and Mary did their homework before dinner.
Tom and Mary decided to go to Boston together.
Tom and Mary dated each other for a long time.
Tom and Mary argued about what should be done.
Tom and Mary aren't going to do that together.
Tom and Mary aren't able to do that very well.
Tom and John were on the same basketball team.
Tom and I've done that together several times.
Tom and I were discussing that just yesterday.
Tom always complains about what Mary is doing.
Tom almost always does that just before lunch.
The police looked into the trunk of Tom's car.
The man at the door introduced himself as Tom.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a suit.
That was the last day that Tom every saw Mary.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to leave immediately.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go there tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to dress up for work.
Neither Tom nor Mary has suggested a solution.
Neither Tom nor Mary has started dating again.
Neither Tom nor Mary has more money than I do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has more books than I do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lived here very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had a very good year.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me much advice.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a way to do it.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever lived in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything stupid.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done a very good job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has come here to help us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very supportive.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very successful.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very respectful.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very productive.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very nice to us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very nice to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very kind to us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very kind to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told what to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told to go home.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been there very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been staying with us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been given a warning.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been asked to resign.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to tell you.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything else to say.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to go with us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very stressful job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very important job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a personal bodyguard.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a brother named John.
Mary hardly ever talks to her husband anymore.
Mary doesn't need to work. Her husband is rich.
Mary bought herself a new dress for the dance.
It took Tom a long time to finish that report.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to play chess.
I'm not going to give Tom a chance to do that.
I'd rather spend time with Tom than with Mary.
I wonder why they chose Tom to be the manager.
I wanted to tell Tom what was going to happen.
I understand why Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I told Tom what Mary should wear to the party.
I just saw Tom coming out of that coffee shop.
I heard Tom banging on your window last night.
I haven't talked to Tom in a really long time.
I got to know Tom when I was living in Boston.
I don't want to do anything to make Tom angry.
I don't want Tom to know how rich I really am.
I don't think Tom really meant that to happen.
I don't plan on doing the same thing Tom does.
I didn't want Tom to think anything was wrong.
I didn't want Tom to get the wrong impression.
As soon as Tom got home, he went right to bed.
A documentary has been made about Tom Jackson.
Would you do me a favor and give this to Tom?
We should lock Tom up and throw away the key.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all very busy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all very happy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all walk to school.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all made fun of me.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all know the truth.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all have insurance.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't eating anything.
Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to Boston.
Tom won't likely be able to fix the computer.
Tom won't be able to do that as fast as Mary.
Tom will probably want to do that by himself.
Tom will probably be at home on October 20th.
Tom will probably be able to do that for you.
Tom will probably argue with Mary about that.
Tom will do that next week or the week after.
Tom will be very disappointed if you do that.
Tom will be thirty years old on October 20th.
Tom will be out of the office for three days.
Tom will be here tomorrow if it doesn't rain.
Tom will be heading back to town after lunch.
Tom went to the pantry to get a can of beans.
Tom wasn't sure if he wanted Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't sure he had enough money with him.
Tom wasn't at all surprised by what happened.
Tom wasn't able to say what he wanted to say.
Tom wasn't able to find the money I'd hidden.
Tom wasn't able to do what needed to be done.
Tom was surrounded by a group of his friends.
Tom was sitting on the bench at the bus stop.
Tom was cussing at Mary when she slapped him.
Tom was by far the best swimmer in his class.
Tom was asleep when Mary knocked on the door.
Tom was a freshman when Mary was a sophomore.
Tom wants Mary and I to do that by ourselves.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about the problem.
Tom walked past Mary without saying anything.
Tom walk his dogs at least three times a day.
Tom waited all morning, but Mary didn't come.
Tom usually wears loose-fitting work clothes.
Tom told me to do the same thing again today.
Tom told me how much he paid for the tickets.
Tom told his children to put away their toys.
Tom told Mary about his plans for the future.
Tom threw a wet sponge at me in school today.
Tom stayed awake all night, thinking of Mary.
Tom should've done what Mary asked him to do.
Tom should definitely have kept his promises.
Tom should be about halfway to Boston by now.
Tom sat by himself in the dark movie theater.
Tom resigned because of a corruption scandal.
Tom refused tell the police officer his name.
Tom reads everything he can get his hands on.
Tom ran out of gas on his way home from work.
Tom put the scissors back in his desk drawer.
Tom promised to pay me three hundred dollars.
Tom promised to give us everything we needed.
Tom promised to give me everything we needed.
Tom passed his driving test on his first try.
Tom opened the door and turned on the lights.
Tom often swims in the pond behind his house.
Tom now owns the house that Mary used to own.
Tom never imagined he'd own his own business.
Tom needed to talk to Mary about the problem.
Tom moved to Boston last winter from Chicago.
Tom knew the answer, but didn't say anything.
Tom killed his brother with his father's gun.
Tom isn't a doctor. He's only a receptionist.
Tom is unaware of what's happening in Boston.
Tom is the one who usually washes the dishes.
Tom is swimming in the pond behind his house.
Tom is still too young to do that by himself.
Tom is sitting in the back of the auditorium.
Tom is out there in the woods all by himself.
Tom is out in the yard, playing with the dog.
Tom is likely to do that when he's in Boston.
Tom is injured quite badly in a car accident.
Tom is going to take Mary to Boston with him.
Tom is going to have an operation in October.
Tom is going to do that on October 20th, too.
Tom is going to call me sometime before 2:30.
Tom is going to be sentenced on October 20th.
Tom is flying back to Boston on October 20th.
Tom is an adult, but he doesn't act like one.
Tom is almost always at home on October 20th.
Tom invited all of his friends to go with us.
Tom has published another controversial book.
Tom has decided to go to Boston next weekend.
Tom has decided not to go Boston next summer.
Tom has come back to Australia for Christmas.
Tom has been trying to do what can't be done.
Tom has been sending Mary messages every day.
Tom has been searching for his birth parents.
Tom has been a lot more cooperative recently.
Tom had an extra pair of gloves in this pack.
Tom grew up on the other side of the country.
Tom got injured trying to break up the fight.
Tom fed his dog the same thing he was eating.
Tom expects to do that again on October 20th.
Tom dropped his children off three hours ago.
Tom drank most of the beer that we'd brought.
Tom drank coffee and Mary smoked a cigarette.
Tom drank a lot when he was living in Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to know what's in that room.
Tom doesn't remember how to use the shredder.
Tom doesn't plan to do that unless he has to.
Tom doesn't like it when people stare at him.
Tom doesn't like it when people laugh at him.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's sunglasses are.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's ski gloves are.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary why he did that.
Tom didn't tell us how he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell me how he planned to do that.
Tom didn't seem particularly happy to see me.
Tom didn't really want to do that by himself.
Tom didn't really have to be there yesterday.
Tom didn't know what Mary was planning to do.
Tom didn't even try to convince Mary to stay.
Tom couldn't remember where he hid the money.
Tom could probably take Mary home in his car.
Tom could probably stop Mary from doing that.
Tom could get Mary to show us how to do that.
Tom can get to work by public transportation.
Tom came to Boston hoping to find a job here.
Tom came into my room and gave me a sandwich.
Tom came in, grabbed his briefcase, and left.
Tom called me and asked me to come to Boston.
Tom called Mary several times this afternoon.
Tom called Mary and asked her to pick him up.
Tom brought a box full toys to the orphanage.
Tom bought his daughter the dress she wanted.
Tom bought a used bicycle for thirty dollars.
Tom bought a three-room house on Park Street.
Tom bought a pie for dessert on his way home.
Tom blocked the door write some heavy crates.
Tom believes in giving people second chances.
Tom begged his parents to take him to Boston.
Tom begged Mary not to tell John what he did.
Tom began doing drugs when he was a teenager.
Tom began dating Mary about three months ago.
Tom ate one cookie and gave the rest to Mary.
Tom asked Mary who she'd gone to Boston with.
Tom asked Mary what she was planning to wear.
Tom asked Mary to tell him what he should do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John why she did that.
Tom asked Mary to pick him up at the station.
Tom asked Mary to pick him up at the airport.
Tom asked Mary to pay his water bill for him.
Tom asked Mary to help him look for his keys.
Tom asked Mary to buy him something to drink.
Tom and Mary were surprised by what happened.
Tom and Mary went out to watch the fireworks.
Tom and Mary wanted to eat at the same place.
Tom and Mary moved to Boston three years ago.
Tom and Mary have moved into their new house.
Tom and Mary have made a startling discovery.
Tom and Mary got married and moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary don't live in this neighborhood.
Tom and Mary are going to walk home together.
Tom and John are on the same basketball team.
Tom and John are fighting in the parking lot.
The plane Tom was on was struck by lightning.
The only thing Tom does nowadays is watch TV.
Neither Tom nor Mary seemed to be suspicious.
Neither Tom nor Mary really wants to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to be here tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has signed a confession.
Neither Tom nor Mary has promised to help us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has high blood pressure.
Neither Tom nor Mary has helped me very much.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone to the library.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone shopping today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone out for a walk.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me any advice.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever visited Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever studied French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever gone to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything wrong.
Neither Tom nor Mary has come to us for help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been treated fairly.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been getting better.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been gaining weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been busy this week.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been asked to leave.
Neither Tom nor Mary has apologized for that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anywhere else to go.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything else to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a really nice voice.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a house with a pool.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a flexible schedule.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a degree in biology.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a chance of winning.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a busy day tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a Canadian passport.
I've never heard Tom complain about anything.
I'm the one who recommended Tom for this job.
I'm the one who recommended Tom for that job.
I'm pretty pleased with the way Tom did that.
I'm not sure if it's Tom that should do that.
I'm not going to allow Tom to talk with Mary.
I'll leave early, but I don't think Tom will.
I'd like to know why Tom bought one of those.
I wouldn't turn my back on Tom if I were you.
I wouldn't be that surprised if Tom did that.
I wonder who Tom thinks is going to help him.
I wonder who Tom is going to ask to the prom.
I wonder if I should tell Tom who I'm dating.
I wonder how long Tom will stay in Australia.
I wonder how Tom will answer Mary's question.
I waited for Tom to apologize, but he didn't.
I tried to tell Tom what was going to happen.
I really do hate the way Tom makes spaghetti.
I met with Tom again on October 20th morning.
I heard that Tom was being bullied at school.
I doubt that Tom would've done that that way.
I don't know who Tom gave his old bicycle to.
I don't know how much money Tom will lend me.
I don't know how much money Tom will give me.
I didn't want to tell Tom about the accident.
I didn't want Tom to think he had to help me.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston without me.
I didn't know anything about Tom at the time.
Why do you think Tom wanted Mary to do that?
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all upstairs.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all sleeping.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all barefoot.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all very busy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all laughed at me.
Tom wouldn't tell me what needed to be done.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't wearing gloves.
Tom won't tell Mary why he wants to do that.
Tom won't be able fix everything by himself.
Tom wished he knew why Mary didn't like him.
Tom will probably be able to fix Mary's car.
Tom will likely be happy to do that for you.
Tom will let you know what we need to bring.
Tom will be coming back to Boston next week.
Tom will be angry if we eat all the cookies.
Tom will be able to do that if you help him.
Tom went back to school to get his umbrella.
Tom wasn't able to find the time to do that.
Tom was the one who was supposed to do this.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to swim.
Tom was supposed to do that on October 20th.
Tom was murdered in Boston three months ago.
Tom was fined for going through a red light.
Tom was busy and didn't have time for lunch.
Tom was asleep when Mary came over to visit.
Tom was already doing that when I got there.
Tom was a taxi driver for about three years.
Tom wants to talk to Mary about the problem.
Tom wants to learn how to play the trombone.
Tom wants to know when you plan to be there.
Tom walked over to the window and opened it.
Tom walk his dog at least three times a day.
Tom waited for Mary in front of the library.
Tom used to be a high school French teacher.
Tom turned around to see who was behind him.
Tom tried to figure out what Mary was doing.
Tom tried his best not to get in Mary's way.
Tom tricked Mary into doing his job for him.
Tom told Mary where she should park her car.
Tom told Mary and I to go home by ourselves.
Tom told Mary and I to do that by ourselves.
Tom stole all the cash that was in the safe.
Tom still hasn't bought everything he needs.
Tom started drinking when he was a teenager.
Tom spent a lot of time writing this report.
Tom sometimes works as a substitute teacher.
Tom showed Mary the letter he got from John.
Tom should've planted more onions this year.
Tom should've planted more corn than he did.
Tom should definitely have kept his promise.
Tom seems to be really struggling with that.
Tom seems to be getting tired of doing that.
Tom said goodbye and then got on the subway.
Tom rarely leaves the house on October 20th.
Tom promised to pay me back on October 20th.
Tom plans to live in Boston for over a year.
Tom ought to talk to Mary about the problem.
Tom ordered a large serving of french fries.
Tom opened the trunk and found it was empty.
Tom only has enough money to buy one ticket.
Tom needs to talk to Mary about the problem.
Tom needs to move out of his parents' house.
Tom moved into his new apartment in October.
Tom kept firing until he ran out of bullets.
Tom isn't planning to go to Boston with you.
Tom isn't going to risk his life doing that.
Tom isn't going to meet Mary at the airport.
Tom isn't going to get away with that again.
Tom is the one who painted my garage for me.
Tom is the one who always answers the phone.
Tom is supposed to get home on October 20th.
Tom is only pretending that he's having fun.
Tom is looking for a way to make some money.
Tom is looking for a job with a good salary.
Tom is less experienced than the rest of us.
Tom is in the front yard, play with the dog.
Tom is going to the dentist on October 20th.
Tom is going to take a shower before dinner.
Tom is going to pick Mary up at the airport.
Tom is going to lend me his French textbook.
Tom is going to have enough time to do that.
Tom is going to find another job eventually.
Tom is going to be working at home tomorrow.
Tom is going to be very hurt if you do that.
Tom is going to be here every day this week.
Tom is going to Mary's house this afternoon.
Tom is going back to Boston on October 20th.
Tom is from Boston and Mary is from Chicago.
Tom is best friends with my younger brother.
Tom is banging the skillet with a big spoon.
Tom is at the bus station, waiting for Mary.
Tom is a lot more confrontational than Mary.
Tom hired a detective to follow Mary around.
Tom hid here in our basement for three days.
Tom hasn't yet told me what need to be done.
Tom has to stay in Boston for one more week.
Tom has no choice but to do that by himself.
Tom has more experience than the rest of us.
Tom has come back from Boston for Christmas.
Tom has been waiting in line since noon.
Tom has been missing for almost three weeks.
Tom has been driving his wife's car to work.
Tom has been asking us questions about that.
Tom has been a prison guard for three years.
Tom has an anchor tattooed on his right arm.
Tom has already decided to let Mary do that.
Tom had to do something about it by himself.
Tom had nothing to do with the bank robbery.
Tom got angry when he saw Mary hugging John.
Tom forgot to ask for permission to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to know a lot about Boston.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that anytime soon.
Tom doesn't need to do that until next year.
Tom doesn't need to be here on October 20th.
Tom doesn't eat meat as often as he used to.
Tom didn't tell us why we shouldn't do that.
Tom didn't tell us what happened that night.
Tom didn't tell us what had happened to him.
Tom didn't tell me why he was avoiding Mary.
Tom didn't tell Mary what his last name was.
Tom didn't start talking until he was three.
Tom didn't show up for work on October 20th.
Tom didn't say when he planned to get there.
Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
Tom didn't really want to do that with Mary.
Tom didn't explain why he wanted to do that.
Tom didn't come into work until after lunch.
Tom could probably help you on October 20th.
Tom could probably convince Mary to do that.
Tom could hear people talking in the garden.
Tom carries a gym bag with him all the time.
Tom can't work today. He's not feeling well.
Tom can't see very well without his glasses.
Tom can't do that now as well as he used to.
Tom can still make it on time if he hurries.
Tom can probably help Mary do that tomorrow.
Tom came over last night to study with Mary.
Tom came here yesterday with his girlfriend.
Tom called Mary as soon as he got to Boston.
Tom built a raft and floated down the river.
Tom bought three large pizzas for his party.
Tom bought a watermelon and gave it to Mary.
Tom bought a new pair of sneakers yesterday.
Tom asked me how many countries I'd visited.
Tom asked Mary what her sisters' names were.
Tom asked Mary to tell him why she did that.
Tom asked Mary to tell him where she'd been.
Tom asked Mary to find out what John wanted.
Tom asked Mary to explain how that happened.
Tom asked Mary not to tell John what he did.
Tom asked Mary if she could give him a ride.
Tom asked Mary for advice about the problem.
Tom and his family live just outside Boston.
Tom and Mary wanted to watch the same movie.
Tom and Mary wanted to go to the same place.
Tom and Mary used to often do that together.
Tom and Mary texted each other during class.
Tom and Mary still live near John and Alice.
Tom and Mary seem to be scared of something.
Tom and Mary seem to be having a great time.
Tom and Mary no longer do anything together.
Tom and Mary need to do that sometime today.
Tom and Mary met at a Valentine's Day party.
Tom and Mary locked eyes for a brief moment.
Tom and Mary have both spent time in prison.
Tom and Mary have been sick for a long time.
Tom and Mary have been hanging out together.
Tom and Mary had a huge argument about that.
Tom and Mary both fell and broke their arms.
Tom and Mary began to talk at the same time.
Tom and Mary aren't going to do that either.
Tom and I have been married for a long time.
Tom and I don't fight as much as we used to.
Tom always seems to be asking me for things.
Tom already knows what Mary wants him to do.
The police haven't given up looking for Tom.
The police had their reasons to suspect Tom.
Neither Tom nor Mary wants to do that today.
Neither Tom nor Mary wanted to come with us.
Neither Tom nor Mary wanted to buy any food.
Neither Tom nor Mary seems to be frustrated.
Neither Tom nor Mary seems to be frightened.
Neither Tom nor Mary seemed to be surprised.
Neither Tom nor Mary seemed to be impressed.
Neither Tom nor Mary seemed to be desperate.
Neither Tom nor Mary is planning to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very much of money.
Neither Tom nor Mary has told me what to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to work on Mondays.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go to Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has run away from home.
Neither Tom nor Mary has requested our help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has registered to vote.
Neither Tom nor Mary has received much help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has managed to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had very good luck.
Neither Tom nor Mary has got anywhere to go.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone into the cave.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me much help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me any money.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gained much weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever taught French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has decided what to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has caused any trouble.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very tolerant.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told to leave.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been offered a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been losing weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been given a raise.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been busy all week.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been badly injured.
Neither Tom nor Mary has achieved very much.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very good salary.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very good memory.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of free time.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a gold credit card.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a driver's license.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a dog named Cookie.
Mary is your neighbor's daughter, isn't she?
I told Tom why Mary was planning to do that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all upstairs.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all sleeping.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all in there.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all gone now.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all children.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all barefoot.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all speak French.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked happy.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to leave the house.
Tom won't ever be allowed to do that again.
Tom won't be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom will need to handle that by himself.
Tom will have to handle that by himself.
Tom will stop doing that if you ask him to.
Tom will start his new job on October 20th.
Tom will likely try doing that differently.
Tom will come to Boston in the near future.
Tom will be picking Mary up at the station.
Tom went to his locker to hang up his coat.
Tom went to a Halloween party last weekend.
Tom went to Boston to visit his girlfriend.
Tom went to Boston last week to visit Mary.
Tom waved his hand in front of Mary's face.
Tom wasn't invited to the opening ceremony.
Tom was very sad when his grandmother died.
Tom was the only one who wasn't helping us.
Tom was the only one who wasn't doing that.
Tom was the only one who saw what happened.
Tom was the first person to start laughing.
Tom was taken to the hospital in an ambulance.
Tom was still awake at 2:in the morning.
Tom was obviously interested in doing that.
Tom was here earlier today looking for you.
Tom was extremely grateful for Mary's help.
Tom was behind the counter, pouring drinks.
Tom was asleep when Mary rung his doorbell.
Tom was asleep when Mary rang the doorbell.
Tom was alone on the night of October 20th.
Tom was a heavy drinker before he met Mary.
Tom was a freshman in college at that time.
Tom was a dental hygienist for a few years.
Tom wants to stay, but Mary wants to leave.
Tom wanted to tell Mary why he'd done that.
Tom took a knife out of the kitchen drawer.
Tom told the police where he'd been mugged.
Tom told his children to behave themselves.
Tom told Mary and I to handle it ourselves.
Tom steals from both the rich and the poor.
Tom stayed in the bathroom for a long time.
Tom started smoking when he was a teenager.
Tom stared at the painting for a long time.
Tom spent the summer with his grandparents.
Tom spent all summer with his grandparents.
Tom should've done what we asked him to do.
Tom should've done much better on the test.
Tom seems to know he's supposed to do that.
Tom seemed to want me to do that by myself.
Tom saw Mary walking in the park with John.
Tom said that he had a good time in Boston.
Tom said goodbye and then got on the train.
Tom removed the hook from the fish's mouth.
Tom ought to be able to explain everything.
Tom opened the door and greeted his guests.
Tom opened his desk drawer to get a pencil.
Tom nursed the injured bird back to health.
Tom munched on popcorn while he watched TV.
Tom moved to Boston about three months ago.
Tom lived in the same neighborhood as Mary.
Tom knows how to contact me if he needs me.
Tom knew he'd have to make a decision soon.
Tom isn't the only person that can do that.
Tom isn't the kind of person who'd do that.
Tom is unlikely to be here on October 20th.
Tom is supposed to do that on October 20th.
Tom is seriously thinking about doing that.
Tom is responsible for what happened today.
Tom is probably not even in Boston anymore.
Tom is only a little bit younger than Mary.
Tom is on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Tom is just a little bit younger than Mary.
Tom is interviewed by a newspaper reporter.
Tom is in his room, listening to the radio.
Tom is going to visit Mary on October 20th.
Tom is going to talk to us on October 20th.
Tom is going to fire Mary tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to bring his friends with him.
Tom is going to be very excited to do that.
Tom is going to be tickled pink to see you.
Tom is going to be there tonight with Mary.
Tom is going to be evicted on October 20th.
Tom is going to be at work on October 20th.
Tom is going to be at home on October 20th.
Tom is flying to Australia on October 20th.
Tom is expected to do that on October 20th.
Tom is doing that just to get on my nerves.
Tom is doing everything we've asked him to.
Tom is at the counter, drinking by himself.
Tom is always trying to cook something new.
Tom is afraid of what Mary might do to him.
Tom is a prominent member of our community.
Tom is a carpenter and John is a locksmith.
Tom is a Canadian who was raised in Boston.
Tom helped me to put things in perspective.
Tom heard Mary talking to John about Alice.
Tom hasn't been to school for several days.
Tom has written another controversial book.
Tom has only been gone for fifteen minutes.
Tom has never been very good at doing that.
Tom has moved back into his parents' house.
Tom has gone to Boston to attend a funeral.
Tom has done many things he shouldn't have.
Tom has been waiting in line for hours.
Tom has been drinking quite a lot lately.
Tom has been charged with attempted murder.
Tom has been assigned to the Boston office.
Tom has been an interpreter for many years.
Tom has a bad relationship with his mother.
Tom had some difficulty expressing himself.
Tom had an accident at work this afternoon.
Tom had a chance to do that, but he didn't.
Tom got injured trying to break up a fight.
Tom got here a half an hour after Mary did.
Tom gets irritated whenever Mary does that.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what she should do.
Tom drove to Boston to attend a conference.
Tom doesn't yet know what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't want to get a driver's license.
Tom doesn't want to do that, but he has to.
Tom doesn't really enjoy watching baseball.
Tom doesn't care what people say about him.
Tom doesn't always cleans up after his dog.
Tom died three days after he got to Boston.
Tom died just before the ambulance arrived.
Tom didn't want to be here on October 20th.
Tom didn't want Mary doing that by herself.
Tom didn't translate to document correctly.
Tom didn't translate to contract correctly.
Tom didn't tell me why I shouldn't do that.
Tom didn't say where he planned to do that.
Tom didn't say how he planned to get there.
Tom didn't need to be here on October 20th.
Tom didn't like it, but he still bought it.
Tom didn't know what Mary was going to buy.
Tom didn't have to be here on October 20th.
Tom didn't dare say what he really thought.
Tom decided to go back to Boston with Mary.
Tom crossed the room and opened the window.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary hated him.
Tom couldn't remember where he hid the map.
Tom comes to Boston every week to see Mary.
Tom carried Mary's suitcase up to her room.
Tom carefully cut the tissue with scissors.
Tom can't afford to buy anything right now.
Tom can touch the ceiling with his fingers.
Tom can probably stop Mary from doing that.
Tom can probably keep Mary from doing that.
Tom calls Mary every day just before lunch.
Tom called Mary to invite her to his party.
Tom brought three bottles of water with him.
Tom bought a new dishwasher just last week.
Tom bought Mary a clock to put on her wall.
Tom babysat Mary's three boys Monday night.
Tom asked if he could speak to the manager.
Tom asked for permission to use my bicycle.
Tom asked Mary who she was planning to see.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted to do that.
Tom asked Mary what she was planning to do.
Tom asked Mary what hospital she'd gone to.
Tom asked Mary to speak to John about that.
Tom asked Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom asked Mary to meet John at the station.
Tom asked Mary to meet John at the airport.
Tom asked Mary to leave John and him alone.
Tom asked Mary to help him weed the garden.
Tom asked Mary to give him time to do that.
Tom asked Mary to buy him something to eat.
Tom asked Mary to ask John what he thought.
Tom asked Mary not to talk to John anymore.
Tom asked Mary if she had time to help him.
Tom asked Mary if she could drive him home.
Tom asked Mary if he could sit next to her.
Tom arrived from Australia on October 20th.
Tom announced his decision on October 20th.
Tom and his girlfriend came here yesterday.
Tom and his friends are playing basketball.
Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary were very close to each other.
Tom and Mary were arrested on October 20th.
Tom and Mary want to eat at the same place.
Tom and Mary used to often travel together.
Tom and Mary traveled together last summer.
Tom and Mary still haven't heard from John.
Tom and Mary spent New Year's Eve together.
Tom and Mary spent New Year's Day together.
Tom and Mary noticed John at the same time.
Tom and Mary have never done that together.
Tom and Mary have both finished doing that.
Tom and Mary have both already left Boston.
Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary don't need to know about this.
Tom and Mary don't need to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary don't live anywhere near here.
Tom and Mary both stood still for a moment.
Tom and Mary both arrived at the same time.
Tom and Mary argued a lot on Christmas Eve.
Tom and Mary are sick of each other by now.
Tom and Mary are secondary school teachers.
Tom and Mary are going to be there tonight.
Tom and Mary always leave at the same time.
Tom and I haven't yet reached an agreement.
Tom and I don't plan on traveling together.
Tom advised Mary not to do that by herself.
Tom admitted being involved in the scandal.
Tom Jackson is already in the Hall of Fame.
The police had many reasons to suspect Tom.
Neither Tom nor Mary seems to be depressed.
Neither Tom nor Mary needs to be concerned.
Neither Tom nor Mary has solved the puzzle.
Neither Tom nor Mary has rejoined the team.
Neither Tom nor Mary has rejected the idea.
Neither Tom nor Mary has many friends here.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any progress.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made any mistakes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has left the building.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had much practice.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given us anything.
Neither Tom nor Mary has given me anything.
Neither Tom nor Mary has filed for divorce.
Neither Tom nor Mary has earned much money.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything yet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has committed a crime.
Neither Tom nor Mary has chance of winning.
Neither Tom nor Mary has called the police.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been working hard.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been waiting long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very patient.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very helpful.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very careful.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been disqualified.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked us for help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything you want.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to testify.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to help us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a younger brother.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a dark complexion.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a criminal record.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a Canadian spouse.
Neither Tom nor Mary can do that very well.
It's not Tom who needs protection. It's me.
It looked like Tom was trying to kiss Mary.
It looked like Tom was trying to kill Mary.
I'd like to know why Tom doesn't like Mary.
I told Tom why Mary didn't want to do that.
I told Tom who Mary went to Australia with.
I need to figure out what needs to be done.
How many times has Tom done that with Mary?
French is an interesting language to study.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all waiting.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all thieves.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all love skiing.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked busy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all can do that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all believed me.
Tom, Mary and John got into the same taxi.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to talk with John.
Tom worked as a carpenter for three years.
Tom worked all day without taking a break.
Tom wondered why Mary was driving so fast.
Tom wondered what he should cook for Mary.
Tom won't leave unless you leave with him.
Tom won't go there unless you go with him.
Tom won't be able to do that as well as Mary.
Tom wished he knew what needed to be done.
Tom will probably enjoy listening to this.
Tom will probably be home on October 20th.
Tom will probably be busy on October 20th.
Tom will never forgive you if you do that.
Tom will lend you money if you ask him to.
Tom will help us clean up after the party.
Tom will do just about anything for money.
Tom will do anything to get what he wants.
Tom will be sleeping in the guest bedroom.
Tom will be in Boston for at least a week.
Tom went to the library, just to see Mary.
Tom went to the door to see who was there.
Tom went to Boston last weekend with Mary.
Tom wasn't the first boy that Mary kissed.
Tom was waiting for me in the parking lot.
Tom was upset because Mary laughed at him.
Tom was talking to Mary about her new car.
Tom was sitting over there the whole time.
Tom was found drunk in front of his house.
Tom was first one to turn in his homework.
Tom was driving his car a little too fast.
Tom was caught drinking on school grounds.
Tom was awake all night, thinking of Mary.
Tom tried to persuade Mary not to do that.
Tom took Mary aside and told her the news.
Tom stole from both the rich and the poor.
Tom started to sing and we all sang along.
Tom squeezed through the hole in the wall.
Tom spent three weeks in Boston with Mary.
Tom spent the summer at his grandmother's.
Tom spent all day walking around the city.
Tom spent all afternoon writing postcards.
Tom spends a lot of his time helping Mary.
Tom shouldn't have been here this morning.
Tom shouldn't have asked Mary to help him.
Tom should've planted more corn this year.
Tom should've done what we told him to do.
Tom should've done what I asked him to do.
Tom should talk to Mary about the problem.
Tom shaved his head because he lost a bet.
Tom seems to be having trouble doing that.
Tom saw Mary, but didn't say anything to her.
Tom sat in the corner of the room, crying.
Tom sat at his desk, staring at the clock.
Tom returned to Australia on October 20th.
Tom reminded me not to forget to buy eggs.
Tom refused to explain what was happening.
Tom really should've done that by himself.
Tom read every book in the school library.
Tom promised he'd help us on October 20th.
Tom obviously doesn't know how to do that.
Tom needs to make the decision on his own.
Tom moved closer to see what was going on.
Tom might be desperate enough to try that.
Tom made Mary sit with the other children.
Tom looked like he wasn't having much fun.
Tom looked like he knew what he was doing.
Tom lacks the necessary skills to do that.
Tom knows where to find me if he needs me.
Tom knew that he was in trouble with Mary.
Tom is trying to figure out what happened.
Tom is the only one who saw what happened.
Tom is probably thinking about basketball.
Tom is pretty difficult to get along with.
Tom is old enough to do whatever he wants.
Tom is in the locker room getting changed.
Tom is in the front yard, mowing the lawn.
Tom is going to the bus stop to meet Mary.
Tom is going to be working this afternoon.
Tom is going to Australia on October 20th.
Tom is at the bus stop, waiting for a bus.
Tom is an elementary school music teacher.
Tom intends to visit Mary on October 20th.
Tom heard Mary and John talking about him.
Tom hasn't yet told me what I ought to do.
Tom hasn't actually done anything illegal.
Tom has to pay three hundred dollars more.
Tom has suffered from migraines for years.
Tom has studied several foreign languages.
Tom has decided to go skiing next weekend.
Tom has come back to Boston for Christmas.
Tom has been sick in bed since last month.
Tom has been getting a lot of compliments.
Tom has been doing a lot of stupid things.
Tom has already been released from prison.
Tom had no intention of giving Mary money.
Tom had no idea what Mary was going to do.
Tom got angry when he read Mary's message.
Tom found Mary's house without difficulty.
Tom filled his thermos bottle with coffee.
Tom doesn't seem to like playing baseball.
Tom doesn't really enjoy playing baseball.
Tom doesn't realize he's doing that wrong.
Tom doesn't like people talking about him.
Tom doesn't know where his sunglasses are.
Tom doesn't know where his ski gloves are.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's umbrella is.
Tom doesn't know that much about baseball.
Tom doesn't know anything about badminton.
Tom doesn't enjoy watching baseball on TV.
Tom doesn't eat anything except fast food.
Tom didn't want to go to anywhere with us.
Tom didn't seem to be prepared to do that.
Tom didn't seem overly excited about that.
Tom didn't say when he was going to leave.
Tom didn't say when he planned to do that.
Tom didn't have time to do that yesterday.
Tom didn't have many friends at that time.
Tom didn't expect Mary to enjoy the party.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so beautiful.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be at the party.
Tom didn't come to school on October 20th.
Tom dated my sister a couple of years ago.
Tom couldn't convince Mary not to do that.
Tom could lend Mary money if he wanted to.
Tom claimed Mary was the one who did that.
Tom cautioned Mary to stay away from John.
Tom carries a knife with him all the time.
Tom canceled the meeting that he'd called.
Tom can't understand French all that well.
Tom can probably find the time to do that.
Tom can probably do that without our help.
Tom can probably convince Mary to do that.
Tom bumped into an old friend at the mall.
Tom brought the groceries in for his wife.
Tom brought a bouquet of flowers for Mary.
Tom bought some groceries on his way home.
Tom bought himself a pair of rubber boots.
Tom bought candles to give to his friends.
Tom blew up a balloon and gave it to Mary.
Tom blew all his money gambling on horses.
Tom backed his car into the parking space.
Tom ate dinner, but he didn't eat dessert.
Tom assumed the bracelet belonged to Mary.
Tom asked me where he should put his coat.
Tom asked me how much money I had with me.
Tom asked me how many houses I'd lived in.
Tom asked Mary where she'd parked her car.
Tom asked Mary where she'd learned French.
Tom asked Mary where she'd first met John.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted him to say.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted him to buy.
Tom asked Mary what her father's name was.
Tom asked Mary to talk to John about that.
Tom asked Mary to speak to you about that.
Tom asked Mary to reconsider her decision.
Tom asked Mary to meet him at the station.
Tom asked Mary to meet him at the airport.
Tom asked Mary to leave the door unlocked.
Tom asked Mary to find out where John was.
Tom asked Mary to drop by on her way home.
Tom asked Mary to do his homework for him.
Tom asked Mary not to go there by herself.
Tom and his friends planned to rob a bank.
Tom and Mary wrote several songs together.
Tom and Mary wanted to see the same movie.
Tom and Mary want us to help them do that.
Tom and Mary want to watch the same movie.
Tom and Mary want to go to the same place.
Tom and Mary used to write songs together.
Tom and Mary spent all afternoon cleaning the house.
Tom and Mary say that John is a good cook.
Tom and Mary moved to Boston last October.
Tom and Mary have postponed their wedding.
Tom and Mary have already left for Boston.
Tom and Mary arrived from Australia today.
Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did this.
Tom and Mary are still sitting over there.
Tom and Mary are going to do that with me.
Tom and Mary are both allergic to peanuts.
Tom and I shared a jail cell last weekend.
Tom and I don't know each other very well.
Tom almost always watches TV after dinner.
Tom accidentally deleted all his pictures.
There are several ways that could be done.
Neither Tom nor Mary is looking for a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has worked very hard.
Neither Tom nor Mary has waited very long.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very strong arms.
Neither Tom nor Mary has trouble sleeping.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to work tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to help us today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has promised to help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has promised to come.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost much weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has left the country.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had an operation.
Neither Tom nor Mary has had a busy month.
Neither Tom nor Mary has good handwriting.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a solution.
Neither Tom nor Mary has expensive tastes.
Neither Tom nor Mary has dual citizenship.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done much for us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very active.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been transferred.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been cooperative.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been cooperating.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything we want.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to lose.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything to hide.
Neither Tom nor Mary has an older brother.
Neither Tom nor Mary has always been fair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to attend.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a younger sister.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a son named John.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of friends.
Neither Tom nor Mary had trouble sleeping.
Mary met a boy about her age on the beach.
Mary isn't my girlfriend. She's my sister.
Mary isn't my girlfriend. She's my cousin.
Mary is older than her husband, isn't she?
Mary and Alice wear the same size clothes.
It was very hard to swim across the river.
It looked like Tom was trying to hug Mary.
I know the reason why Tom was mad at Mary.
How long have Tom and Mary been separated?
What are people going to think of us now?
We need to find out what happened to Tom.
Tom, unlike some of us, can speak French.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all lying.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all drunk.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all strong.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all hungry.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all guilty.
Tom's face lit up as soon as he saw Mary.
Tom wouldn't tell me how much he weighed.
Tom wondered why Mary was staring at him.
Tom won't likely be home on October 20th.
Tom won't likely be here on October 20th.
Tom won't be able to fix that by himself.
Tom won't be able to continue doing that.
Tom won't be able fix the car by himself.
Tom will be impressed if you can do that.
Tom will be going to Australia with Mary.
Tom will be back at work on October 20th.
Tom went to the library just to see Mary.
Tom went fishing with three other people.
Tom wasted three hours trying to do that.
Tom wasn't very good at French back then.
Tom wasn't supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom wasn't interested in singing with us.
Tom wasn't in a very good mood yesterday.
Tom washed his hands with soap and water.
Tom was working as a waiter at that time.
Tom was the only one who wasn't swimming.
Tom was the only one who wasn't standing.
Tom was the only one who wasn't sleeping.
Tom was the only one who wasn't drinking.
Tom was talking to Mary about her family.
Tom was obviously not having a good time.
Tom was kind of chubby when he was a kid.
Tom was killed with an old samurai sword.
Tom was kicked out of the bar last night.
Tom was friends with Mary for many years.
Tom was first one to jump into the water.
Tom was dropped off in front of the bank.
Tom was carrying a bag full of groceries.
Tom wants to become a physical therapist.
Tom wants me to give him driving lessons.
Tom walked into the house carrying a box.
Tom volunteered to show us around Boston.
Tom used to wear sunglasses all the time.
Tom used to live in another part of town.
Tom tried to warn Mary what might happen.
Tom tried to steal my girlfriend from me.
Tom tried to keep his explanation simple.
Tom tricked Mary into doing that for him.
Tom told us his version of what happened.
Tom told me what kind of person Mary was.
Tom told me everything when he was drunk.
Tom told Mary not to go there by herself.
Tom stood just a few feet away from Mary.
Tom soon discovered what the problem was.
Tom slept for three hours this afternoon.
Tom should've taken an umbrella with him.
Tom should've done what I told him to do.
Tom should be able to explain everything.
Tom shaved his head when he lost the bet.
Tom seldom, if ever, does what Mary does.
Tom seemed to want me to do that for him.
Tom seemed a little too eager to do that.
Tom scheduled an appointment for himself.
Tom sat under the tree and read his book.
Tom said that he was going to marry Mary.
Tom said goodbye and then got on the bus.
Tom reminded me not to forget to do that.
Tom refused our request for an interview.
Tom really should've done that last week.
Tom really didn't know what he should do.
Tom often forgets where he leaves things.
Tom never borrows money from his friends.
Tom needs to be told about what happened.
Tom must appear in court on October 20th.
Tom lives in the house across the street.
Tom lived here before he moved to Boston.
Tom left a message on the table for Mary.
Tom leaves for Australia on October 20th.
Tom knows more about that than Mary does.
Tom isn't wearing his wedding ring today.
Tom isn't supposed leave the house today.
Tom isn't going to pay me for doing this.
Tom isn't going to pay me for doing that.
Tom isn't afraid to make tough decisions.
Tom isn't a very good driving instructor.
Tom isn't a student here. He's a teacher.
Tom is working the night shift this week.
Tom is still working at the same company.
Tom is sitting in the corner of the room.
Tom is probably not even at school today.
Tom is just sitting there, doing nothing.
Tom is in Australia, visiting his family.
Tom is hungry and wants something to eat.
Tom is going to pay all our bills for us.
Tom is going to be back on his feet soon.
Tom is expecting Mary to be here by 2:30.
Tom is at the bus stop, waiting for Mary.
Tom is arguing with Mary about something.
Tom is an old man with a long gray beard.
Tom is a waiter at an Italian restaurant.
Tom is a senior who's dating a sophomore.
Tom hired a carpenter to repair his roof.
Tom heard wolves howling in the distance.
Tom hasn't yet told me what I need to do.
Tom hasn't yet told me what I have to do.
Tom hasn't decided what he's going to do.
Tom hasn't been to Boston in over a year.
Tom hasn't been to Boston in a long time.
Tom has officially been declared missing.
Tom has had plenty of chances to do that.
Tom has decided to go Boston next summer.
Tom has decided not to go to the concert.
Tom has been warned not to do that again.
Tom has been like an older brother to me.
Tom has been helping me with my homework.
Tom has been doing strange things lately.
Tom had to stay the bed for three months.
Tom got undressed and put on his pajamas.
Tom got kicked out of the band he was in.
Tom got angry when he saw Mary with John.
Tom found some old coins in his backyard.
Tom forgot to tell Mary where to meet us.
Tom finished eating before Mary got home.
Tom finally managed to uncork the bottle.
Tom finally found out why Mary hated him.
Tom figured out how to solve the problem.
Tom doesn't want to do that this morning.
Tom doesn't seem to like it in Australia.
Tom doesn't plan to do that anytime soon.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's gloves are.
Tom died in a traffic accident in Boston.
Tom didn't want to be anywhere near Mary.
Tom didn't want Mary to stop kissing him.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he was so upset.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he was so angry.
Tom didn't say how he planned to do that.
Tom didn't put enough sugar in my coffee.
Tom didn't plant enough onions this year.
Tom didn't know anything about the party.
Tom didn't expect to be asked to do that.
Tom didn't expect Mary to leave so early.
Tom didn't do anything about the problem.
Tom didn't ask for permission to do that.
Tom could probably tell you who did that.
Tom could probably be tempted to do that.
Tom could be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom can probably stop me from doing that.
Tom came over to my place this afternoon.
Tom came by my desk to ask me a question.
Tom bragged about how much money he made.
Tom bought a bouquet of flowers for Mary.
Tom began driving home just before sunup.
Tom basically did what he was told to do.
Tom asked me what I thought he should do.
Tom asked Mary not to write to him again.
Tom asked Mary not to talk to John again.
Tom asked Mary not to kiss him in public.
Tom arrived in Australia on October 20th.
Tom and Mary wrote this article together.
Tom and Mary won't be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't there by themselves.
Tom and Mary weren't raised the same way.
Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary were immediately suspicious.
Tom and Mary were absent on October 20th.
Tom and Mary went to watch the fireworks.
Tom and Mary went out for lunch together.
Tom and Mary wanted to hang out together.
Tom and Mary spent a few weeks in Boston.
Tom and Mary often go to Boston together.
Tom and Mary never talk about themselves.
Tom and Mary live next to John and Alice.
Tom and Mary kept texting back and forth.
Tom and Mary have decided to go together.
Tom and Mary got married three weeks ago.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that today.
Tom and Mary don't need to do that today.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that today.
Tom and Mary don't go to the same church.
Tom and Mary both wanted to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary both have to leave tomorrow.
Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that yet.
Tom and Mary are planning on being there.
Tom and John shared the same prison cell.
Tom and I used to work at the same place.
Tom and I don't often eat lunch together.
Tom and I don't have a good relationship.
Tom also worked part time as a carpenter.
The letters were from Tom, not from Mary.
Neither Tom nor Mary has very much money.
Neither Tom nor Mary has tried very hard.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go on a diet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to get up early.
Neither Tom nor Mary has stopped smoking.
Neither Tom nor Mary has received a gift.
Neither Tom nor Mary has offered to help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has much work to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has much experience.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made a decision.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lost any weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has left for school.
Neither Tom nor Mary has joined the team.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone out to eat.
Neither Tom nor Mary has fully recovered.
Neither Tom nor Mary has finished eating.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done a nice job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done a good job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has denied cheating.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been supportive.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been nice to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been helping me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been busy today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very nice car.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very good job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a swimming pool.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a stressful job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a part-time job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a full-time job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a difficult job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a decent salary.
Neither Tom nor Mary had anything to say.
Neither Tom nor Mary had any suggestions.
Mary is in her room, putting on lipstick.
Mary asked to me to be her maid of honor.
I'm not leaving here until I talk to Tom.
I know the reason why Tom is mad at Mary.
I don't think I'd be able to forgive Tom.
I asked Tom to find out where Mary lived.
I asked Tom to find out what Mary wanted.
How long have Tom and Mary been swimming?
Does Tom know how to get to Mary's house?
What Tom did didn't seem to bother Mary.
We need to have a discussion about this.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all here.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all fine.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all busy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice have all gone.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all lying.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all liars.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all jerks.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all happy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all drunk.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all know this.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all did great.
Tom wrote some postcards to his friends.
Tom wouldn't tell the stranger his name.
Tom would do whatever you ask him to do.
Tom would do anything you ask him to do.
Tom would certainly know how to do that.
Tom won't ever be allowed back in there.
Tom will try to do something about that.
Tom will probably be willing to do that.
Tom will never forgive us if we do that.
Tom will likely be home on October 20th.
Tom will leave early if he's allowed to.
Tom will be happy to help you, I'm sure.
Tom will be fired if he doesn't do that.
Tom went to the dentist on October 20th.
Tom went into the water up to his knees.
Tom wasn't very enthusiastic about that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me about it.
Tom wasn't able to find what I'd hidden.
Tom was too drunk to even open the door.
Tom was the only one who wasn't snoring.
Tom was the only one who wasn't sitting.
Tom was the only one who wasn't singing.
Tom was the only one who wasn't dancing.
Tom was the one who taught Mary to swim.
Tom was still up at 2:in the morning.
Tom was sitting on the bench by himself.
Tom was seen at the scene of the murder.
Tom was only doing what he needed to do.
Tom was obviously not feeling very well.
Tom was obviously determined to do that.
Tom was living with his uncle last year.
Tom was last seen alive on October 20th.
Tom was the last one to jump into the water.
Tom was just doing what he needed to do.
Tom was invited to the opening ceremony.
Tom was intrigued by what was happening.
Tom was extremely proud of his children.
Tom was disappointed in Mary's behavior.
Tom was attacked by a pack of wild dogs.
Tom wants to learn how to play the oboe.
Tom wanted to tell Mary why he did that.
Tom used to work as a private detective.
Tom used to be a primary school teacher.
Tom used to be a freelance photographer.
Tom tried to help Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom tried not to sound too enthusiastic.
Tom told me his father had lost his job.
Tom told his daughter to behave herself.
Tom talks about basketball all the time.
Tom stayed away for as long as he could.
Tom should've been home on October 20th.
Tom should be given a chance to do that.
Tom should be about halfway home by now.
Tom seems to be very good at doing that.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to help Mary.
Tom says he'll get home on October 20th.
Tom saw that happening and said nothing.
Tom retired and moved to Boston in 2013.
Tom refused to give Mary her money back.
Tom read the report as fast as he could.
Tom ran his first marathon last weekend.
Tom promised to talk to Mary about that.
Tom promised to do that on October 20th.
Tom plays soccer every day after school.
Tom never stayed in one place very long.
Tom never denied that he didn't do that.
Tom needs to focus on getting that done.
Tom needs to do that sometime this week.
Tom mashed the potatoes with a big fork.
Tom lost thousands of dollars last week.
Tom looked at the picture of his father.
Tom lives in the western part of Boston.
Tom lives in a small shack on the beach.
Tom knows where the best mushrooms grow.
Tom knows how to deal with pack animals.
Tom isn't very good at solving anagrams.
Tom isn't someone I'd want to work with.
Tom isn't in a very good mood right now.
Tom isn't a very good flying instructor.
Tom is supposed to come on October 20th.
Tom is sitting on that bench over there.
Tom is looking for a job that pays well.
Tom is just waiting to see what happens.
Tom is hiding something behind his back.
Tom is going to go to bed early tonight.
Tom is going to get a chance to do that.
Tom is going to drop us off at the mall.
Tom is going to do that on October 20th.
Tom is going to be here on October 20th.
Tom is going to be back on October 20th.
Tom is going to be back in a day or two.
Tom is going to be back home by October.
Tom is getting used to living in Boston.
Tom is dressed more casually than usual.
Tom is certainly not having any fun now.
Tom is being very quiet for some reason.
Tom is being treated for mental illness.
Tom is at the shopping center with Mary.
Tom is always nice to me and my friends.
Tom is a pretty good driving instructor.
Tom is a fairly good driving instructor.
Tom hugged Mary and gave her a big kiss.
Tom helps Mary whenever she asks him to.
Tom helped his son get ready for school.
Tom hates it when Mary sits next to him.
Tom hasn't yet told me what I should do.
Tom hasn't told me what needs to be done.
Tom hasn't been swimming in a long time.
Tom hasn't actually done anything wrong.
Tom has to walk to school every morning.
Tom has never told Mary why he did that.
Tom has never been to a basketball game.
Tom has finished what he was working on.
Tom has decided not to go to law school.
Tom has been ordered to pay restitution.
Tom has been emailing me a lot recently.
Tom has been cheating on his girlfriend.
Tom has already decided to have a party.
Tom has a job interview on October 20th.
Tom had a job interview on October 20th.
Tom got his chance to do that yesterday.
Tom gets into trouble from time to time.
Tom gets along well with Mary's friends.
Tom found the person he was looking for.
Tom forgot to go to yesterday's meeting.
Tom fell down and wasn't able to get up.
Tom doesn't want to sing, but he has to.
Tom doesn't want me to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't want anything bad to happen.
Tom doesn't really like studying French.
Tom doesn't realize how lucky he's been.
Tom doesn't plan to give Mary any money.
Tom doesn't like watching dubbed movies.
Tom doesn't like people laughing at him.
Tom doesn't like Chinese food very much.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's socks are.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's shoes are.
Tom doesn't know what actually happened.
Tom doesn't know anything about fishing.
Tom doesn't hear as well as he used to.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he was so busy.
Tom didn't seem to have very much money.
Tom didn't say why he was avoiding Mary.
Tom didn't plan on doing that yesterday.
Tom didn't look like he was comfortable.
Tom didn't know what he ought to do.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so helpful.
Tom didn't deserve what happened to him.
Tom did that just to get some attention.
Tom could've handled the problem better.
Tom could've done that if he'd tried to.
Tom could probably force you to do that.
Tom carried Mary's suitcase to her room.
Tom can't do that any better than I can.
Tom can't afford to buy a car right now.
Tom can probably hear what we're saying.
Tom can probably do that sometime today.
Tom bragged about how much money he had.
Tom bought three large bags of dog food.
Tom bought some ice cream for his party.
Tom bought himself a pair of snow boots.
Tom bought a three-room house in Boston.
Tom bought a condominium near the beach.
Tom bored the guests with a long speech.
Tom believed in magic when he was a boy.
Tom asked me for another glass of water.
Tom asked me about how school was going.
Tom asked me a few questions about that.
Tom asked Mary why she couldn't do that.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted to drink.
Tom asked Mary to tie his shoes for him.
Tom asked Mary to sit down for a moment.
Tom asked Mary to open the door for him.
Tom asked Mary to help him wash the car.
Tom asked Mary to close all the windows.
Tom asked Mary to carry his bag for him.
Tom asked Mary not to do that with John.
Tom arrived back in Boston this morning.
Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary were surprised to see John.
Tom and Mary watched the movie together.
Tom and Mary want us to help them today.
Tom and Mary want to see the same movie.
Tom and Mary spent the weekend together.
Tom and Mary seem to always be fighting.
Tom and Mary often go swimming together.
Tom and Mary need to do that right away.
Tom and Mary made a startling discovery.
Tom and Mary have many classes together.
Tom and Mary had an argument about that.
Tom and Mary both have to do that today.
Tom and Mary both have houses in Boston.
Tom and Mary are taking care of our dog.
Tom and I don't plan to travel together.
Tom always eats everything on his plate.
Tom also works part time as a carpenter.
Tom already knows what Mary ought to do.
Tom already knows what Mary needs to do.
Tom already knows what I want him to do.
Tom advised Mary to stay away from John.
Tom accidentally deleted Mary's message.
There are several ways that can be done.
The police are holding Tom as a suspect.
Neither Tom nor Mary has written a book.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay in bed.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to speak to us.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to lose weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do anything.
Neither Tom nor Mary has stopped crying.
Neither Tom nor Mary has requested help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has much free time.
Neither Tom nor Mary has money problems.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made a mistake.
Neither Tom nor Mary has homework to do.
Neither Tom nor Mary has hired a lawyer.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gotten married.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone back home.
Neither Tom nor Mary has figured it out.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done very well.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked for help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to help.
Neither Tom nor Mary had any good ideas.
Mary showed me a picture of her husband.
Mary often tells people I'm her husband.
Mary lost her husband in a car accident.
Mary got tired of her husband's nagging.
Mary died three hours after her husband.
Mary answered the door in her nightgown.
It doesn't matter to Tom what Mary does.
I've told Tom why Mary needs to do that.
I want to find out what happened to Tom.
I told Tom why Mary was in the hospital.
I told Tom who Mary went to Boston with.
I told Tom who Mary studied French with.
I told Tom who Mary had been married to.
I told Tom what Mary had said about him.
I told Tom how Mary was able to do that.
How does it feel to be Mrs. Tom Jackson?
You'll be sitting between Tom and Mary.
When Tom saw Mary, he smiled and waved.
What kind of life do Tom and Mary have?
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all safe.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all nuts.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all here.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all fine.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all dead.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all busy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all did well.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all did that.
Tom's face lit up at the sight of Mary.
Tom wrote postcards to all his friends.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary into the house.
Tom would never do what you say he did.
Tom is working as a taxi driver in Boston.
Tom wondered why Mary hate him so much.
Tom will probably be unable to do that.
Tom will leave for Australia next week.
Tom will get back home on October 20th.
Tom will do anything you ask him to do.
Tom will cry if he sees you doing that.
Tom will be here by the end of October.
Tom will be coming over this afternoon.
Tom will be back the Monday after next.
Tom went to a singles bar last weekend.
Tom went inside to get out of the rain.
Tom watched as the helicopter took off.
Tom wasn't where he was supposed to be.
Tom wasn't there, and neither was Mary.
Tom wasn't able to find work in Boston.
Tom wasn't able to find what he needed.
Tom was the only one who wasn't eating.
Tom was the only one who wasn't asleep.
Tom was sitting in the back of the bus.
Tom was sitting at the table with Mary.
Tom was probably the one who hurt Mary.
Tom was obviously reluctant to do that.
Tom was obviously motivated to do that.
Tom was obviously desperate to do that.
Tom was kind of cute when he was a kid.
Tom was just trying to make Mary happy.
Tom was intrigued by what was going on.
Tom was found dead in his sleeping bag.
Tom was accused of being a peeping Tom.
Tom wants to stay at home and watch TV.
Tom wants to stay at a five-star hotel.
Tom wants to be a kindergarten teacher.
Tom vehemently denied having done that.
Tom usually does that in the afternoon.
Tom used to be a taxi driver in Boston.
Tom used my bicycle without permission.
Tom tried to think of a reason to stay.
Tom tried to get Mary to listen to him.
Tom tried to figure out how to do that.
Tom told me to talk to Mary about that.
Tom told his children an amusing story.
Tom told Mary something and she smiled.
Tom teaches at three different schools.
Tom started to go bald in his thirties.
Tom sprained his wrist on October 20th.
Tom sprained his ankle on October 20th.
Tom spent thirty minutes in the shower.
Tom spent the night in the attic alone.
Tom spent all day trying to find water.
Tom showed me how to solve the problem.
Tom should be halfway to Boston by now.
Tom should be able to fix the computer.
Tom seems to be unable to make friends.
Tom seems to be comfortable doing that.
Tom seemed to be expecting Mary's help.
Tom seemed friendlier today than usual.
Tom says that's nothing to worry about.
Tom saw something swimming in the pool.
Tom said goodbye and got on the subway.
Tom returned to Boston on October 20th.
Tom really should've done that earlier.
Tom quickly undressed and got into bed.
Tom put his bicycle back in the garage.
Tom put a new ink cartridge in his pen.
Tom pulled off the road and took a nap.
Tom promised to give us what we needed.
Tom promised to give me what I needed.
Tom probably knew more than he told us.
Tom outlived all three of his children.
Tom ought to be able to fix it himself.
Tom only answered some of my questions.
Tom now knows what he's supposed to do.
Tom never stays in one place very long.
Tom never really wanted to be a father.
Tom loves going to Italian restaurants.
Tom knocked three times on Mary's door.
Tom knew where the best mushrooms grew.
Tom isn't the right person for the job.
Tom isn't someone I'd want to work for.
Tom isn't planning to be here tomorrow.
Tom isn't likely to go to Mary's party.
Tom isn't likely to come back tomorrow.
Tom isn't going to go there by himself.
Tom isn't going to give Mary any money.
Tom is working on a project for school.
Tom is the one who broke down the door.
Tom is still unsure whether he'll stay.
Tom is sitting in the back of the room.
Tom is playing guitar out on the porch.
Tom is only three-and-a-half years old.
Tom is only a little younger than Mary.
Tom is one of my sister's best friends.
Tom is one of Mary's brother's friends.
Tom is listening to his phone messages.
Tom is in his room, doing his homework.
Tom is in his room, counting his money.
Tom is going to return on October 20th.
Tom is going to come over this evening.
Tom is going to be joining you shortly.
Tom is going to be here in the morning.
Tom is going to be called as a witness.
Tom is going to be back in the morning.
Tom is going to be arriving any moment.
Tom is going to arrive on October 20th.
Tom is going to Boston on October 20th.
Tom is getting ready to go on vacation.
Tom is getting off the plane right now.
Tom is getting married on October 20th.
Tom is coming to see us this afternoon.
Tom is always making the same mistakes.
Tom is always in his office on Mondays.
Tom is already a pretty good guitarist.
Tom is about the same age as my father.
Tom is a warm-hearted, generous person.
Tom is a very good table tennis player.
Tom is a pretty good flying instructor.
Tom is a man who does things like that.
Tom is a lot older than the rest of us.
Tom is a fairly good flying instructor.
Tom invited us over for dinner tonight.
Tom hopes to get the results on Monday.
Tom helps me whenever I get in trouble.
Tom helps Mary whenever she needs help.
Tom hasn't been fishing in a long time.
Tom has to work every day after school.
Tom has three meetings on October 20th.
Tom has something to do this afternoon.
Tom has no choice but to do that today.
Tom has decided to go skiing with Mary.
Tom has decided to attend Mary's party.
Tom has come up with an alternate plan.
Tom has been working for us since 2013.
Tom has been in his room all afternoon.
Tom has been getting bullied at school.
Tom has been dating a woman named Mary.
Tom has been borrowing money from Mary.
Tom has been behaving strangely lately.
Tom had another seizure this afternoon.
Tom got to keep all the money he found.
Tom got that car for a very good price.
Tom goes to church almost every Sunday.
Tom gets upset whenever Mary does that.
Tom gets angry whenever Mary does that.
Tom found Mary face down on the ground.
Tom fixed the faucet that was dripping.
Tom filled his thermos with hot coffee.
Tom drove slowly across the old bridge.
Tom drank with us until after midnight.
Tom doesn't want to go to kindergarten.
Tom doesn't want to go to Mary's party.
Tom doesn't want me to do that for him.
Tom doesn't want his son to be like me.
Tom doesn't take his studies seriously.
Tom doesn't seem to like playing chess.
Tom doesn't need me to do that for him.
Tom doesn't like watching sports on TV.
Tom doesn't like to hang out with Mary.
Tom doesn't like to get into arguments.
Tom doesn't like people staring at him.
Tom doesn't like Mary for some reason.
Tom doesn't know where his passport is.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's keys are.
Tom doesn't know what Mary looks like.
Tom doesn't know anything about wolves.
Tom doesn't have as many books as I do.
Tom doesn't do his homework by himself.
Tom does that just to get on my nerves.
Tom does that about three times a week.
Tom died three hours after he got shot.
Tom died three days after the shooting.
Tom died on October 20, in Boston.
Tom died a little more than a year ago.
Tom didn't want anything bad to happen.
Tom didn't want Mary to tell John that.
Tom didn't tell us why he was so upset.
Tom didn't tell us why he was so angry.
Tom didn't tell me why he was so upset.
Tom didn't tell me why he was so angry.
Tom didn't tell me how much he weighed.
Tom didn't seem to know where Mary was.
Tom didn't say anything, but he nodded.
Tom didn't plant enough corn this year.
Tom didn't know what he should believe.
Tom didn't expect Mary to stay so long.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so pretty.
Tom decided not to attend Mary's party.
Tom crumpled the bag and threw it away.
Tom couldn't find the money I'd hidden.
Tom could probably get Mary to do that.
Tom could convince Mary not to do that.
Tom can't protect Mary from everything.
Tom came to work this morning hungover.
Tom came over to my place after school.
Tom bumped into me and knocked me down.
Tom bought a house with three bedrooms.
Tom borrowed Mary's phone to call John.
Tom asked us to wait until he got here.
Tom asked us for permission to do that.
Tom asked me to do that very carefully.
Tom asked me how many cars I had owned.
Tom asked me for permission to do that.
Tom asked a lot of questions about you.
Tom asked Mary why she'd been arrested.
Tom asked Mary why she doesn't do that.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted to eat.
Tom asked Mary to walk a little slower.
Tom asked Mary to turn the lights down.
Tom asked Mary to tell John what to do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John about that.
Tom asked Mary to take out the garbage.
Tom asked Mary to take care of his dog.
Tom asked Mary to stay out of his room.
Tom asked Mary to stay a little longer.
Tom asked Mary to proofread his report.
Tom asked Mary to open all the windows.
Tom asked Mary to lend him an umbrella.
Tom asked Mary to lend John some money.
Tom asked Mary to keep out of his room.
Tom asked Mary to come over for dinner.
Tom asked Mary to ask John to help her.
Tom apparently didn't get enough sleep.
Tom answered Mary's text with an emoji.
Tom and his son work at the same store.
Tom and his friends plan to rob a bank.
Tom and Mary wrote the report together.
Tom and Mary wrote an article together.
Tom and Mary were just being sarcastic.
Tom and Mary went to the pool together.
Tom and Mary wear the same size gloves.
Tom and Mary walked through the garden.
Tom and Mary seem to always be arguing.
Tom and Mary saw John at the same time.
Tom and Mary often play chess together.
Tom and Mary moved to Boston last year.
Tom and Mary live in this neighborhood.
Tom and Mary know each other very well.
Tom and Mary hung out together all day.
Tom and Mary don't travel much anymore.
Tom and Mary do that from time to time.
Tom and Mary arrived from Boston today.
Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary are somewhere around here.
Tom and Mary are making too much noise.
Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
Tom and Mary are at the mall, shopping.
Tom and I don't live in the same state.
Tom always eats lunch in the cafeteria.
Tom almost always has his dog with him.
Tom advised Mary to stay where she was.
Tom accidentally drank some antifreeze.
The man wearing the blue jacket is Tom.
Neither Tom nor Mary wanted to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has taught French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has many antiques.
Mary rarely gives her husband presents.
Mary lost her husband a few months ago.
Mary isn't your girlfriend. She's mine.
Mary isn't my daughter. She's my niece.
I wouldn't allow Tom to talk with Mary.
I told Tom who Mary went swimming with.
Do you know why Tom doesn't trust Mary?
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all laughed.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all giggled.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all drowned.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all cheered.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all cheated.
Tom wouldn't tell me what I should do.
Tom would probably be a good roommate.
Tom would never kill his own daughter.
Tom would be interested in doing that.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't drinking.
Tom wondered why Mary moved to Boston.
Tom won't have time to help you today.
Tom won't have time to go there today.
Tom won't be forgiven if he does that.
Tom won't be allowed to do that alone.
Tom won't be able to fix the computer.
Tom will realize that sooner or later.
Tom will get angry if I don't do that.
Tom will eventually to get used to it.
Tom will do that on October 20th, too.
Tom will be very happy if you do that.
Tom will be sentenced on October 20th.
Tom will be leaving the following day.
Tom will be going to Boston with Mary.
Tom went to his locker to get his hat.
Tom wasn't able to get what he wanted.
Tom wasn't able to get what he needed.
Tom wasn't able to change Mary's mind.
Tom was well over ninety when he died.
Tom was very grateful for Mary's help.
Tom was very busy yesterday afternoon.
Tom was too tired to continue working.
Tom was sitting at the bar by himself.
Tom was scared to go there by himself.
Tom was one of the bad kids in school.
Tom was obviously hesitant to do that.
Tom was just minding his own business.
Tom was in my store just this morning.
Tom was found dead in front his house.
Tom was first one to reach the summit.
Tom was fined for running a red light.
Tom was escorted out of the courtroom.
Tom was disappointed with the results.
Tom was careful not to make any noise.
Tom was behind the bar, mixing drinks.
Tom was awake by the time I got there.
Tom was a taxi driver for three years.
Tom was a freshman in college in 2013.
Tom wants to know when you'll be here.
Tom wants to become a plastic surgeon.
Tom usually eats cereal for breakfast.
Tom tried to help us, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to help me, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to do what couldn't be done.
Tom told his boss what he had in mind.
Tom told Mary to do that more quietly.
Tom tied Mary's hands behind her back.
Tom still hasn't decided what to wear.
Tom shouldn't have stopped so quickly.
Tom seems to be bothered by something.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to help us.
Tom seemed fascinated with witchcraft.
Tom scheduled an appointment for Mary.
Tom sat at his desk writing something.
Tom sat a few feet away from the door.
Tom said goodbye and got on the train.
Tom probably won't go to Mary's party.
Tom probably won't come back tomorrow.
Tom plans to see Mary on October 20th.
Tom plans to meet Mary at the airport.
Tom obviously doesn't need to do that.
Tom never gave me a chance to explain.
Tom needs to be here all day tomorrow.
Tom must've been home on October 20th.
Tom may sit next to me if he wants to.
Tom lost his life trying to save Mary.
Tom looked in the drawer for a pencil.
Tom lives in thirty-year-old building.
Tom left his keys on his desk at work.
Tom left for Boston just before sunup.
Tom knows what kind of person Mary is.
Tom knows a lot of interesting people.
Tom isn't very good at climbing trees.
Tom isn't sure what else he should do.
Tom isn't much taller than his father.
Tom isn't going to do that by himself.
Tom is working on his science project.
Tom is well aware of what's happening.
Tom is waiting in front of the school.
Tom is waiting for me at the bus stop.
Tom is the one who stole your bicycle.
Tom is the most popular boy in school.
Tom is the guy Mary met the other day.
Tom is the boy Mary met the other day.
Tom is ready to settle down with Mary.
Tom is rarely at home in the afternoon.
Tom is planning to do that by himself.
Tom is one of John's drinking buddies.
Tom is just doing what he needs to do.
Tom is just a few years older than me.
Tom was interviewed on a local TV show.
Tom is going to eat when he gets home.
Tom is going to change his mind again.
Tom is going to be released on Monday.
Tom is going to be pleased to see you.
Tom is going to be furious if you win.
Tom is going to be furious about that.
Tom is going to be fascinated by that.
Tom is going to be a senior next year.
Tom is going to answer your questions.
Tom is getting ready to go to a party.
Tom is celebrating his birthday today.
Tom is already enrolled in this class.
Tom is a very successful entrepreneur.
Tom is a very good driving instructor.
Tom is a little bit younger than Mary.
Tom helped Mary to move the furniture.
Tom hasn't told me what I ought to do.
Tom hasn't told me anything about you.
Tom hasn't been here for several days.
Tom has what it takes to be a teacher.
Tom has volunteered to do that for us.
Tom has to do that sometime this week.
Tom has promised to give us more time.
Tom has promised to give me more time.
Tom has offered to lend me some money.
Tom has never told us why he did that.
Tom has never told me why he did that.
Tom has locked himself in his bedroom.
Tom has decided to go to Mary's party.
Tom has come back home from Australia.
Tom has been told not to talk to Mary.
Tom has been minding his own business.
Tom has been expecting this to happen.
Tom has been drinking a lot of coffee.
Tom has been dating a girl named Mary.
Tom has been complaining of back pain.
Tom has been busy assisting customers.
Tom has asked Mary not to do anything.
Tom had never seen that happen before.
Tom had almost no money in his wallet.
Tom got up and walked around the room.
Tom got teased a lot about his weight.
Tom got paid yesterday for doing that.
Tom got on my case for not doing that.
Tom goes for a walk with his dog every day.
Tom gave us a quick tour of his house.
Tom found Mary's car next to her home.
Tom drinks tea more often than coffee.
Tom drank tequila and Mary drank wine.
Tom drank a lot when he was in Boston.
Tom doesn't want you to hurt yourself.
Tom doesn't seem to like it in Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to care what happens.
Tom doesn't like sitting next to Mary.
Tom doesn't know where his gloves are.
Tom doesn't know how to tie a bow tie.
Tom doesn't have a girlfriend anymore.
Tom died on October 20th in Australia.
Tom didn't want what Mary offered him.
Tom didn't want to be eaten by wolves.
Tom didn't tell us why he was so busy.
Tom didn't tell me why he was so busy.
Tom didn't tell me who his father was.
Tom didn't tell me what was happening.
Tom didn't seem to remember who I was.
Tom didn't notice what Mary was doing.
Tom didn't need me to do that for him.
Tom didn't like Mary's cooking at all.
Tom didn't know who he should believe.
Tom didn't know what Mary looked like.
Tom didn't get home until after I did.
Tom didn't get exactly what he wanted.
Tom didn't expect to be asked to sing.
Tom didn't even notice Mary was there.
Tom didn't do his homework by himself.
Tom decided not to wait for an answer.
Tom decided not to go to Mary's party.
Tom climbed the ladder up to the roof.
Tom can't stand doing thing like that.
Tom came to my office on October 20th.
Tom came home from school early today.
Tom brought Mary a bouquet of flowers.
Tom bought three jars of dill pickles.
Tom bought three bottles of hot sauce.
Tom bought lots of things at the mall.
Tom bought himself a new bathing suit.
Tom bought gifts for all his children.
Tom borrowed thirty dollars from Mary.
Tom booked an appointment for himself.
Tom banged on the door with his fists.
Tom asked me the same thing last week.
Tom asked me how many eggs I'd bought.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted to eat.
Tom asked Mary what needed to be done.
Tom asked Mary to wear something nice.
Tom asked Mary to wake him up at 2:30.
Tom asked Mary to tell him what to do.
Tom asked Mary to tell John something.
Tom asked Mary to stay away from John.
Tom asked Mary to lend him her pencil.
Tom asked Mary to leave the door open.
Tom asked Mary to give John something.
Tom asked Mary to give John a message.
Tom asked Mary to get out of his room.
Tom asked Mary to ask John to help us.
Tom asked Mary to ask John to do that.
Tom asked Mary to ask John about that.
Tom asked Mary some strange questions.
Tom asked Mary if something was wrong.
Tom arrived in Boston on October 20th.
Tom appreciated what Mary did for him.
Tom applied for the job and got hired.
Tom and his friends built a log house.
Tom and his brother look very similar.
Tom and Mary wrote that song together.
Tom and Mary were there by themselves.
Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
Tom and Mary went to the same college.
Tom and Mary wear the same size shoes.
Tom and Mary watched a movie together.
Tom and Mary want to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary vowed to help each other.
Tom and Mary stood still for a moment.
Tom and Mary started dating in Boston.
Tom and Mary seldom argue about money.
Tom and Mary seem to be a bit puzzled.
Tom and Mary say that John cooks well.
Tom and Mary often go hiking together.
Tom and Mary met each other in Boston.
Tom and Mary look like a happy couple.
Tom and Mary live near John and Alice.
Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
Tom and Mary camped next to the river.
Tom and Mary broke up three weeks ago.
Tom and Mary argue almost every night.
Tom and Mary are still in high school.
Tom and Mary are scared of each other.
Tom and Mary are now both vegetarians.
Tom and Mary always argue about money.
Tom already knows what he ought to do.
Tom already knows what Mary has to do.
Tom almost always does what Mary does.
There's no solid evidence against Tom.
The police had reasons to suspect Tom.
Our dog is never allowed in the house.
Neither Tom nor Mary was very careful.
Neither Tom nor Mary likes doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has changed much.
Neither Tom nor Mary has any antiques.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a motorcycle.
Mary never kisses her husband anymore.
Mary lost her husband three years ago.
Mary is your ex-girlfriend, isn't she?
Mary is the tallest girl in her class.
Mary confessed to killing her husband.
Mary can cook better than her husband.
It was very difficult to convince Tom.
I've told Tom why Mary should do that.
I told Tom why Mary went to Australia.
I told Tom why Mary wanted to do that.
I told Tom why Mary needed to do that.
I told Tom who Mary wanted to do that.
Don't waste your time waiting for Tom.
Both Tom and Mary know how to do that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are allies.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all yelled.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all smiled.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all gasped.
Tom wouldn't tell me his middle name.
Tom wondered why Mary's face was red.
Tom won't have time to do that today.
Tom won't ever be allowed to do that.
Tom won't be coming in to work today.
Tom won't be able to help Mary today.
Tom won't be able to do that for you.
Tom wished he didn't have to do that.
Tom will think this is too expensive.
Tom will tell me the truth, I'm sure.
Tom will probably regret what he did.
Tom will probably never forgive Mary.
Tom will probably be a good roommate.
Tom will never agree to such a thing.
Tom will need to rest for a few days.
Tom will have an MRI on October 20th.
Tom will get angry if he doesn't win.
Tom will eventually learn to do that.
Tom will be working at home tomorrow.
Tom will be released on October 20th.
Tom will be punished if he does that.
Tom will be impressed if you do that.
Tom will be here for at least a week.
Tom will be gone for at least a week.
Tom will be arrested if he does that.
Tom wears a suit almost every day.
Tom wasn't at school on October 20th.
Tom wasn't able to uncork the bottle.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to smile.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to laugh.
Tom wasn't able to find his umbrella.
Tom was wearing a bullet-proof vest.
Tom was the only person in the house.
Tom was only doing what he had to do.
Tom was obviously tempted to do that.
Tom was obviously not having any fun.
Tom was obviously having a good time.
Tom was nice to Mary and her friends.
Tom was married to Mary at that time.
Tom was laying on the couch, snoring.
Tom was the last one to reach the summit.
Tom was killed with a poisoned arrow.
Tom was kept waiting for three hours.
Tom was just doing what he had to do.
Tom was interrogated for three hours.
Tom was in his tent not too long ago.
Tom was fired for breaking the rules.
Tom was careful not to trip and fall.
Tom was being followed by the police.
Tom was arrested in Boston last week.
Tom wants us to go swimming with him.
Tom used to be a policeman in Boston.
Tom took something out of the drawer.
Tom told Mary to stay away from John.
Tom stood with his hands on his hips.
Tom still hasn't decided what to eat.
Tom still doesn't seem to understand.
Tom started out as a street musician.
Tom spoke to me about that yesterday.
Tom showed me how to do a card trick.
Tom should've discussed that with me.
Tom should be able to get it for you.
Tom should be able to fix it himself.
Tom seems to be a really nice person.
Tom seems pretty irritated right now.
Tom seemed really worried about that.
Tom refused to give me my money back.
Tom refused the money we offered him.
Tom put his phone back in his pocket.
Tom put a bunch of keys on the table.
Tom often does those kinds of things.
Tom never wants to wait for anything.
Tom never seems to be in a good mood.
Tom never listens to what others say.
Tom needs to be home on October 20th.
Tom must've pressed the wrong button.
Tom mumbled something unintelligible.
Tom loves Mary more than he loves me.
Tom looks like he's not feeling well.
Tom left a gift for you on your desk.
Tom knew he was in trouble with Mary.
Tom killed all three of his brothers.
Tom isn't the same guy he used to be.
Tom isn't so enthusiastic about that.
Tom isn't a very good country singer.
Tom is planning to remodel his house.
Tom is packing stuff in his backpack.
Tom is out deer hunting this weekend.
Tom is one of the best swimmers here.
Tom is making thirty dollars an hour.
Tom is going to quit on October 20th.
Tom is getting yelled at by his boss.
Tom is getting ready to go somewhere.
Tom is expected back on October 20th.
Tom is disappointed with the results.
Tom is definitely good at doing that.
Tom is being a little too aggressive.
Tom is back doing what he used to do.
Tom is always trying to pick a fight.
Tom is already sorry for what he did.
Tom is already pretty good at French.
Tom is already a pretty good swimmer.
Tom is actually a pretty good singer.
Tom is a very good flying instructor.
Tom hitched a ride back to his hotel.
Tom hasn't told me what I need to do.
Tom hasn't told me what I have to do.
Tom hasn't gone to church in a while.
Tom has gone to Boston for a funeral.
Tom has decided it's time to do that.
Tom has completed his apprenticeship.
Tom has come back home for Christmas.
Tom has been involved in an accident.
Tom has been helping me learn French.
Tom has been grounded for three days.
Tom has been bedridden for some time.
Tom has been accused of embezzlement.
Tom has already gotten off the train.
Tom has a large cup in his left hand.
Tom got down off the roof by jumping.
Tom felt around for the light switch.
Tom earned his living as a carpenter.
Tom drives to work three days a week.
Tom doesn't want me to do that today.
Tom doesn't let his dog in his house.
Tom doesn't know where his wallet is.
Tom doesn't know where his socks are.
Tom doesn't know where his shoes are.
Tom doesn't know that much about art.
Tom doesn't know either Mary or John.
Tom doesn't have one of those things.
Tom doesn't do that as often as I do.
Tom died at his home on October 20th.
Tom didn't vote in the last election.
Tom didn't plan to do that yesterday.
Tom didn't notice what was happening.
Tom didn't know where he should park.
Tom did that with three other people.
Tom can't even tie his own shoes yet.
Tom can handle everything on his own.
Tom can handle everything by himself.
Tom built a toolshed in his backyard.
Tom brought his son fishing with him.
Tom brought his dog camping with him.
Tom bought his children some clothes.
Tom bought gifts for all his friends.
Tom began attacking me for no reason.
Tom banged on the door with his fist.
Tom baked some cookies for the party.
Tom asked us to stay a little longer.
Tom asked me how many houses I owned.
Tom asked me how many chickens I had.
Tom answered the door in his pajamas.
Tom and Mary were raised differently.
Tom and Mary kept texting each other.
Tom and Mary have decided to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't even shake hands.
Tom and Mary broke up three days ago.
Tom and Mary argued all the way home.
Tom and Mary are the best of friends.
Tom and Mary are standing over there.
Tom and Mary are scared of something.
Tom and John are dating twin sisters.
Tom and I spoke French to each other.
Tom always seems nervous around Mary.
Tom already knows what I ought to do.
The police have verified Tom's alibi.
It seems like I've known Tom forever.
I'm not leaving here until I see Tom.
Tom wouldn't let us do that for him.
Tom would never consider doing that.
Tom won't be able to see everything.
Tom won't be able to fix it himself.
Tom will talk to us on October 20th.
Tom will likely complain about that.
Tom will leave Australia in October.
Tom will eventually want to do that.
Tom will do that again if he has to.
Tom will deny that, I'm pretty sure.
Tom will definitely help me do that.
Tom will be at work on October 20th.
Tom wears a tie almost every day.
Tom wasn't in his normal self today.
Tom wasn't expecting that to happen.
Tom was wearing a blue bathing suit.
Tom was the only man at the meeting.
Tom was still a senior at that time.
Tom was still a rookie at that time.
Tom was operated on for three hours.
Tom was nice enough to come with me.
Tom was killed with a poisoned dart.
Tom was here with us the whole time.
Tom was found murdered in the woods.
Tom was arrested the same day I was.
Tom was a bartender for three years.
Tom was Mary's first French teacher.
Tom wants to do this somewhere else.
Tom wants to become a famous artist.
Tom tried to sleep, but he couldn't.
Tom translated the text into French.
Tom takes a shower before breakfast.
Tom still hasn't decided what to do.
Tom still doesn't know where I live.
Tom stayed in bed until nearly noon.
Tom started working here in October.
Tom spends a lot of time practicing.
Tom sped off in his red convertible.
Tom smelled like he'd been drinking.
Tom seems to be scared of something.
Tom says he can't work in this heat.
Tom said he was going to marry Mary.
Tom said goodbye and got on the bus.
Tom refused to answer our questions.
Tom refused the food he was offered.
Tom put his comb back in his pocket.
Tom put a lot of sugar in my coffee.
Tom pretended he enjoyed doing that.
Tom only did what he was told to do.
Tom never apologized to me for that.
Tom married a woman in her thirties.
Tom looked at the picture and smiled.
Tom looked in his pack for a pencil.
Tom lives around the corner from me.
Tom lived in Boston a long time ago.
Tom later died at a Boston hospital.
Tom knows more than he's telling us.
Tom just sat there, looking at Mary.
Tom jumped at the chance to do that.
Tom isn't your boyfriend. He's mine.
Tom isn't yet as tall as his mother.
Tom isn't really doing that, is he?.
Tom isn't likely to stay home alone.
Tom isn't in a very good mood today.
Tom isn't driving his own car today.
Tom isn't a very good cabinet maker.
Tom isn't a good driving instructor.
Tom is very good at teaching French.
Tom is very active in the community.
Tom is unlocking the door right now.
Tom is over there, checking his bag.
Tom is out skating with his friends.
Tom is on the varsity football team.
Tom is on the phone with his mother.
Tom is on the phone with a customer.
Tom is on his way back from the gym.
Tom is not as fast as he used to be.
Tom is looking for a new girlfriend.
Tom is just trying to get attention.
Tom is just trying to be respectful.
Tom is just doing what he has to do.
Tom is in the parking lot right now.
Tom is in the middle of his meeting.
Tom is holding a glass of champagne.
Tom is having an operation tomorrow.
Tom is going to be changing schools.
Tom is getting ready to take a bath.
Tom is free to leave if he wants to.
Tom is extremely busy at the moment.
Tom is considering quitting his job.
Tom is being investigated by police.
Tom is being harassed by the police.
Tom is being followed by the police.
Tom is an extremely generous person.
Tom is already aware of the problem.
Tom is a quality control specialist.
Tom is a pretty good country singer.
Tom is a member of our congregation.
Tom is a high school French teacher.
Tom is a fairly good country singer.
Tom is a fairly good French teacher.
Tom have made a startling discovery.
Tom hasn't told me what I should do.
Tom hasn't completely recovered yet.
Tom has trouble prioritizing things.
Tom has trouble hiding his feelings.
Tom has trouble controlling his dog.
Tom has never been to an art museum.
Tom has never been Mary's boyfriend.
Tom has had many chances to do that.
Tom has decided to go to law school.
Tom has decided not to have a party.
Tom has been complaining about that.
Tom has been causing a lot problems.
Tom has been asked to give a speech.
Tom has asked us not to do anything.
Tom has asked me not to do anything.
Tom has already gotten on the train.
Tom has already decided what to eat.
Tom has already decided what to buy.
Tom has already decided to help you.
Tom had trouble controlling his dog.
Tom had acne when he was a teenager.
Tom had a fairly good job last year.
Tom had a black car three years ago.
Tom grew up in a single-parent home.
Tom finished doing that before noon.
Tom finished doing that an hour ago.
Tom felt embarrassed and humiliated.
Tom's father told him to study harder.
Tom earns his living as a carpenter.
Tom doesn't want to stay home alone.
Tom doesn't want to go to the party.
Tom doesn't want to do that with us.
Tom doesn't want to do that with me.
Tom doesn't speak French or English.
Tom doesn't own one of those things.
Tom doesn't need to know about this.
Tom doesn't like driving after dark.
Tom didn't notice what was going on.
Tom didn't have a smile on his face.
Tom didn't give me a second chance.
Tom did something he shouldn't have.
Tom couldn't ride a horse back then.
Tom could probably help you do that.
Tom comes from a family of teachers.
Tom can't help us do that next week.
Tom came here last week to visit us.
Tom burned his fingers on the stove.
Tom brought his girlfriend with him.
Tom bought some booze for his party.
Tom bought snack food for his party.
Tom bought a pair of new snow boots.
Tom began to sing a really sad song.
Tom ate popcorn while he watched TV.
Tom asked me to stay a while longer.
Tom asked me if I'd lend him my car.
Tom asked me how many sisters I had.
Tom asked me how many cousins I had.
Tom arrived with three other people.
Tom applied for that job and got it.
Tom and his dog are waiting outside.
Tom and Mary met on Valentine's Day.
Tom and Mary have already graduated.
Tom and Mary don't live around here.
Tom and Mary decided to go together.
Tom and Mary dated for three months.
Tom and Mary brought their children.
Tom and Mary aren't friends anymore.
Tom and Mary are having a yard sale.
Tom and John aren't identical twins.
Tom and I soon became close friends.
Tom and I get along with each other.
Tom and I don't speak to each other.
Tom always carries a knife with him.
Tom already knows what I want to do.
Tom already knows what I need to do.
Tom already knows what I have to do.
Tom almost didn't get there on time.
Tom Jackson is a dangerous criminal.
The letters were from Tom, not Mary.
I wouldn't be able to live with Tom.
I saw Tom at the beach last weekend.
Do you know a guy named Tom Jackson?
Tom wouldn't tell me his last name.
Tom would've done that differently.
Tom works at an Italian restaurant.
Tom won't want to do that tomorrow.
Tom won't tell you his middle name.
Tom won't give you your money back.
Tom will want to do that, I'm sure.
Tom will never allow me to do that.
Tom will let you know what happens.
Tom will have to do that next week.
Tom will do that if you ask him to.
Tom will be thirty on October 20th.
Tom will be back a week from today.
Tom wasn't ready for what happened.
Tom wasn't allowed to say anything.
Tom wasn't allowed to eat anything.
Tom wasn't able to find his gloves.
Tom was waiting for me at the pool.
Tom was waiting for me at the gate.
Tom was supposed to do that for us.
Tom was supposed to do that for me.
Tom was paid more than he deserved.
Tom was my last roommate last year.
Tom was left all alone in his room.
Tom was just trying to please Mary.
Tom was in his room the whole time.
Tom was horrified by what happened.
Tom was first one to say he'd help.
Tom was first one to finish eating.
Tom was embarrassed and humiliated.
Tom was Mary's first dance partner.
Tom wants to know where we've been.
Tom volunteered to help us do that.
Tom usually writes with a blue pen.
Tom usually stays at 5-star hotels.
Tom used to work as an electrician.
Tom tried to swim, but he couldn't.
Tom traveled to Boston to see Mary.
Tom took everything out of the box.
Tom took a sip of wine and frowned.
Tom tiptoed out of the living room.
Tom soon gambled away his winnings.
Tom signed the contract in October.
Tom served thirty years for murder.
Tom seems to be having a nightmare.
Tom seems to be extremely paranoid.
Tom seems to be bored and restless.
Tom seemed to be kind of irritated.
Tom seemed pretty unfriendly to me.
Tom seemed fascinated by the story.
Tom sat quietly for thirty minutes.
Tom read and understood every word.
Tom quietly snuck into the kitchen.
Tom puts a lot of sugar in his tea.
Tom put his camera into his pocket.
Tom put a padlock on the barn door.
Tom probably won't do that for you.
Tom only does what he's told to do.
Tom often argues with other people.
Tom missed what he was shooting at.
Tom might've been lying about that.
Tom may go home now if he wants to.
Tom lived his whole life in Boston.
Tom lived here with us for a while.
Tom likes doing things his own way.
Tom likes animals more than people.
Tom left early to attend a funeral.
Tom isn't used to working outdoors.
Tom isn't a very good photographer.
Tom isn't a very good car mechanic.
Tom isn't a good flying instructor.
Tom is wearing a blue bathing suit.
Tom is way more outgoing than I am.
Tom is waiting to see what happens.
Tom is waiting for me in the lobby.
Tom is thinking of selling his car.
Tom is the one who stole the money.
Tom is supposed to stay home today.
Tom is still working in the garden.
Tom is pretty fun to hang out with.
Tom is planning to renew the lease.
Tom is one of the guys in my class.
Tom is one of the guys I work with.
Tom is one of Mary's best students.
Tom is more than just a boss to me.
Tom is looking for a new apartment.
Tom is in his mid-to-late thirties.
Tom is in his car, waiting for you.
Tom is in a really good mood today.
Tom is helping customers right now.
Tom is good at manipulating people.
Tom is going to want to go with us.
Tom is going to handle this for us.
Tom is getting tired of doing that.
Tom is dating John's ex-girlfriend.
Tom is coming over on October 20th.
Tom is changing in the locker room.
Tom is buried in an unmarked grave.
Tom is being held against his will.
Tom is at his desk, counting money.
Tom is an experienced truck driver.
Tom is always in Boston in October.
Tom is already tired of doing that.
Tom is already sitting at his desk.
Tom is actually not busy right now.
Tom is a thirty-year old policeman.
Tom is a pretty good cabinet maker.
Tom is a fairly good tennis player.
Tom is a fairly good cabinet maker.
Tom hid the knife under his pillow.
Tom helps me whenever I ask him to.
Tom hasn't yet had time to do that.
Tom has to go to Boston next month.
Tom has no idea where his keys are.
Tom has never been much of a drinker.
Tom has never been married to Mary.
Tom has finished doing that by now.
Tom has been losing a lot of money.
Tom has been keeping his grades up.
Tom has been hiding things from us.
Tom has been exceptionally unlucky.
Tom has been doing a very good job.
Tom has been doing a dangerous job.
Tom has already decided to say yes.
Tom has already been here and left.
Tom has a hard time making friends.
Tom had no idea what he should say.
Tom got the car fixed this morning.
Tom got back from Boston on Monday.
Tom flew to Boston on October 20th.
Tom finished doing that in October.
Tom filled his thermos with coffee.
Tom fell asleep during the lecture.
Tom expects me to help him do that.
Tom eats potatoes almost every day.
Tom drove his car off the overpass.
Tom doesn't need to do that either.
Tom doesn't like being called that.
Tom doesn't know where to put that.
Tom doesn't know how to read music.
Tom doesn't know anything about us.
Tom doesn't have to work on Monday.
Tom doesn't have to go there alone.
Tom doesn't have his own apartment.
Tom does only what he's told to do.
Tom didn't want to go to the party.
Tom didn't want to comment on that.
Tom didn't tell us why he did that.
Tom didn't say why he was so upset.
Tom didn't say why he was so angry.
Tom didn't really need to be there.
Tom didn't really enjoy the picnic.
Tom didn't pay us what he promised.
Tom didn't make it home until dawn.
Tom didn't get paid for doing that.
Tom decided it was time to do that.
Tom carried the suitcases upstairs.
Tom can't understand French at all.
Tom came back a little after lunch.
Tom brushed the snow off his boots.
Tom bought three tickets on Monday.
Tom bought this umbrella in Boston.
Tom bought several loaves of bread.
Tom bought several bags of peanuts.
Tom bought himself a pair of boots.
Tom bought a very expensive guitar.
Tom bought a large bag of potatoes.
Tom ate three sandwiches for lunch.
Tom ate all the cookies by himself.
Tom asked us to come back tomorrow.
Tom and Mary weren't holding hands.
Tom and Mary haven't yet graduated.
Tom and Mary haven't graduated yet.
Tom and Mary dated for a long time.
Tom and Mary broke up last October.
Tom and Mary ate dinner in silence.
Tom and Mary argued about religion.
Tom and Mary are younger than I am.
Tom and I'll do all we can to help.
There's just no reasoning with Tom.
The policeman put the cuffs on Tom.
The policeman put handcuffs on Tom.
The police are going to arrest Tom.
The authorities have contacted Tom.
You should have more faith in Tom.
You and I need to talk about this.
Who could possibly have done this?
We were only there for three days.
Tom wouldn't mind if you did that.
Tom wouldn't answer our questions.
Tom works as a substitute teacher.
Tom won't want to do that with us.
Tom won't want to do that for you.
Tom won't wait until we get there.
Tom won't need to do that anymore.
Tom won't leave until after lunch.
Tom won't be allowed to stay here.
Tom will probably like to do that.
Tom will probably do that for you.
Tom will never do that by himself.
Tom will never ask you to do that.
Tom will get embarrassed, I think.
Tom will do the same thing for me.
Tom will be the one who does that.
Tom will be flying back to Boston.
Tom will be fired if he does that.
Tom will be fined if he does that.
Tom will be a formidable opponent.
Tom went to the convenience store.
Tom went into the courthouse.
Tom was too tired to keep working.
Tom was still singing when I left.
Tom was reluctant to say anything.
Tom was only there for three days.
Tom was only there for a few days.
Tom was obviously unfazed by that.
Tom was nice to me and my friends.
Tom was my boyfriend at that time.
Tom was in prison for a long time.
Tom was here with me that evening.
Tom was having trouble doing that.
Tom was burned beyond recognition.
Tom was actually here last Monday.
Tom waited for us at the bus stop.
Tom volunteered to show us around.
Tom volunteered to do that for us.
Tom usually gets home before dark.
Tom used to be a dental hygienist.
Tom took the cake out of the oven.
Tom stayed home all day yesterday.
Tom started doing that a week ago.
Tom spent three hours at the mall.
Tom spends a lot of time painting.
Tom sometimes mispronounces words.
Tom sold almost everything he had.
Tom shouldn't be allowed to leave.
Tom shouldn't be allowed to drive.
Tom should've been waiting for us.
Tom should be halfway home by now.
Tom seems to be very good at that.
Tom seems to be a really nice guy.
Tom saw his father hit his mother.
Tom promised to give us something.
Tom promised to give us more time.
Tom promised to give me more time.
Tom pounded his fists on his desk.
Tom plays the organ at our church.
Tom offered to lend me some money.
Tom now knows what he needs to do.
Tom never told us why he did that.
Tom made an interesting discovery.
Tom lived alone on a small island.
Tom leaves his TV on all day long.
Tom knew that he'd made a mistake.
Tom kicked his locker door closed.
Tom just smiled and left the room.
Tom isn't used to working outside.
Tom isn't someone we should trust.
Tom isn't a very good song writer.
Tom isn't a very good electrician.
Tom isn't a very good dog trainer.
Tom is teaching Mary a card trick.
Tom is supposed to do that for me.
Tom is sleeping in the other room.
Tom is out looking for Mary's dog.
Tom is often rude to his teachers.
Tom is looking through the window.
Tom is looking for a hiding place.
Tom is just drunk. He's not crazy.
Tom feeds his dog table scraps.
Tom is downloading some documents.
Tom is doing something over there.
Tom is clearly upset by something.
Tom is cheating on his girlfriend.
Tom is already used to doing that.
Tom is already doing his homework.
Tom is a very manipulative person.
Tom is a very closed-minded person.
Tom is a thirty-year old bachelor.
Tom is a sophomore in high school.
Tom is a secondary school teacher.
Tom is a pretty good photographer.
Tom is a pretty good chess player.
Tom is a pretty good car mechanic.
Tom is a fairly good chess player.
Tom is a fairly good car mechanic.
Tom helps me whenever I need help.
Tom headed home just before sunup.
Tom has to go to Boston next week.
Tom has no friends and no enemies.
Tom has moved to our neighborhood.
Tom has lived in Boston for years.
Tom has his T-shirt on inside out.
Tom has finished his presentation.
Tom has finally landed a good job.
Tom has finally agreed to help us.
Tom has bought a three-room house.
Tom has been lying to his parents.
Tom has been hired as a bodyguard.
Tom has already decided to resign.
Tom has already boarded the train.
Tom had never ridden a bus before.
Tom grew up on a thirty-acre farm.
Tom got home pretty late at night.
Tom got home just before midnight.
Tom got caught stealing something.
Tom got back home around midnight.
Tom gets into trouble quite often.
Tom finished doing that yesterday.
Tom filled his canteen with water.
Tom doesn't usually drink tequila.
Tom doesn't really enjoy baseball.
Tom doesn't often read nonfiction.
Tom doesn't often do that anymore.
Tom doesn't like driving at night.
Tom doesn't know who he can trust.
Tom doesn't have to do that alone.
Tom does that at least once a day.
Tom didn't seem to be intimidated.
Tom didn't say why he was so busy.
Tom didn't really enjoy the party.
Tom didn't really enjoy the movie.
Tom didn't know that he had a son.
Tom didn't go to Boston last week.
Tom could've won if he'd tried to.
Tom can't do that without my help.
Tom can't afford to hire a lawyer.
Tom can't afford to fly to Boston.
Tom can help us do that next week.
Tom brushed the sand off his legs.
Tom brought three bottles of water.
Tom brought me something to drink.
Tom brought his umbrella with him.
Tom brought his chainsaw with him.
Tom bragged about how rich he was.
Tom bought three bottles of water.
Tom bought himself a blue T-shirt.
Tom bought a pair of rubber boots.
Tom bought a carton of cigarettes.
Tom begged the judge for leniency.
Tom ate all the food on his plate.
Tom asked us to wait until Monday.
Tom asked me to wait until Monday.
Tom asked me to do that last week.
Tom asked me to do that carefully.
Tom asked me a bunch of questions.
Tom asked John to be his roommate.
Tom arrived earlier than expected.
Tom apologized for what he'd done.
Tom and Mary broke up last spring.
Tom and Mary aren't holding hands.
Tom and Mary are walking together.
Tom and Mary are in the same gang.
Tom and Mary are both really tall.
Tom and I've never discussed that.
Tom and I've been discussing that.
Tom and I never talked about that.
Tom always writes everything down.
I don't remember very much French.
I don't really care what Tom says.
I don't have any sympathy for Tom.
Both Tom and Mary are really tall.
Tom, I don't want to talk to you.
Tom wouldn't want me to say that.
Tom wouldn't mind if we did that.
Tom would like to fix it himself.
Tom would be a really good coach.
Tom won't likely do that for you.
Tom won't go to school next week.
Tom won't go to Boston next week.
Tom will tell you the same thing.
Tom will stay after school today.
Tom will leave Boston in October.
Tom will definitely be surprised.
Tom will be miserable doing that.
Tom went to work with a hangover.
Tom went to the party by himself.
Tom went into the wrong building.
Tom wasn't able to think clearly.
Tom wasn't able to make us laugh.
Tom washed his socks in the sink.
Tom was very angry, and so was I.
Tom was surrounded by the police.
Tom was obviously not interested.
Tom was late for his own wedding.
Tom was just trying to please us.
Tom was involved in that scandal.
Tom was headed in that direction.
Tom was executed on October 20th.
Tom was arrested on his birthday.
Tom was afraid of getting caught.
Tom wants us to help him do that.
Tom tried very hard to sit still.
Tom tried doing what I suggested.
Tom told me to go back to Boston.
Tom told me to do that by myself.
Tom tiptoed into the living room.
Tom swerved to avoid the pothole.
Tom still uses an old dial phone.
Tom stayed outside all afternoon.
Tom spends a lot of time working.
Tom slept very little last night.
Tom sleeps in the master bedroom.
Tom showed up well past midnight.
Tom should mind his own business.
Tom sat in the dark room, crying.
Tom sat down next to his brother.
Tom sat down beside me in church.
Tom quickly harnessed the horses.
Tom pounded his fist on his desk.
Tom played outside all afternoon.
Tom outlived all of his children.
Tom opened a pet store in Boston.
Tom never tried to do that again.
Tom never tried doing that again.
Tom may leave now if he wants to.
Tom makes thirty dollars an hour.
Tom made the decision by himself.
Tom looks depressed this morning.
Tom locked his dog in the garage.
Tom lives somewhere in Australia.
Tom left his umbrella in his car.
Tom left everything where it was.
Tom knew where he'd put his keys.
Tom isn't likely to get promoted.
Tom isn't going to a good school.
Tom isn't a very good cartoonist.
Tom isn't a very good bricklayer.
Tom is walking in this direction.
Tom is walking across the street.
Tom is very disappointed in Mary.
Tom is swimming across the river.
Tom is paying more attention now.
Tom is one of our best customers.
Tom is on his way home from work.
Tom is learning a new card trick.
Tom is in the lobby of the hotel.
Tom is in a very good mood today.
Tom is in a high security prison.
Tom is going to be there tonight.
Tom is getting ready for a party.
Tom is coming to see me tomorrow.
Tom is busy assisting a customer.
Tom is back from the supermarket.
Tom is an extremely generous man.
Tom is actually not a bad singer.
Tom is about to start doing that.
Tom is a very good guitar player.
Tom is a very good cabinet maker.
Tom is a pretty good song writer.
Tom is a pretty good electrician.
Tom is a pretty good dog trainer.
Tom is a nice guy and you're not.
Tom is a lot of fun to be around.
Tom is a jazz singer from Boston.
Tom is a freshman in high school.
Tom is a few years older than me.
Tom is a fairly good songwriter.
Tom is a fairly good electrician.
Tom is a fairly good dog trainer.
Tom hasn't done anything illegal.
Tom has to go to school tomorrow.
Tom has three sets of drumsticks.
Tom has stopped coming to church.
Tom has offered to drive me home.
Tom has just remodeled his house.
Tom has decided to do that again.
Tom has come up with a good idea.
Tom has coauthored several books.
Tom has been wounded three times.
Tom has been waiting in line.
Tom has been offered another job.
Tom has been disrespectful to me.
Tom has been causing us problems.
Tom has been bragging about that.
Tom has been bitten by his horse.
Tom has been acting really weird.
Tom has been accused of stealing.
Tom has already had a few drinks.
Tom had vegetable soup for lunch.
Tom had a fight with his brother.
Tom got back to Boston yesterday.
Tom gave me the money personally.
Tom gave a speech in class today.
Tom doesn't wear jeans every day.
Tom doesn't usually eat raw fish.
Tom doesn't speak French at work.
Tom doesn't seem to like spinach.
Tom doesn't seem to like it here.
Tom doesn't really like baseball.
Tom doesn't like watching sports.
Tom doesn't have a job right now.
Tom does that every other Monday.
Tom didn't want to cause trouble.
Tom didn't tell me his last name.
Tom didn't sleep much last night.
Tom didn't say where he was born.
Tom didn't say when he'd do that.
Tom didn't say when he'd be here.
Tom didn't say when he'd be back.
Tom didn't say anything about it.
Tom didn't have job at that time.
Tom crouched down behind the car.
Tom couldn't find what he needed.
Tom can't remember what happened.
Tom can't fix the car by himself.
Tom can't come out to play today.
Tom can't afford a car right now.
Tom can quit anytime he wants to.
Tom can probably do that for you.
Tom can leave now if he wants to.
Tom can find the time to do that.
Tom can do that, I'm pretty sure.
Tom can do that without our help.
Tom came with three other people.
Tom came outside to play with us.
Tom came back home for Christmas.
Tom called his insurance company.
Tom built a doghouse for his dog.
Tom brushed the dirt off his leg.
Tom brought his toolbox with him.
Tom brought his brother with him.
Tom bought tickets for all of us.
Tom bought three bottles of beer.
Tom bought a three-bedroom house.
Tom bought a pair of work gloves.
Tom bought a jar of dill pickles.
Tom ate his sandwich at his desk.
Tom asked the judge for leniency.
Tom asked me questions about you.
Tom asked me for something to drink.
Tom ate cornflakes for breakfast.
Tom appeared to be very confused.
Tom and his brother look similar.
Tom and Mary still keep in touch.
Tom and Mary broke up in October.
Tom and Mary both have a bicycle.
Tom and Mary became really close.
Tom and Mary argued all the time.
Tom and Mary are younger than me.
Tom and Mary are taking pictures.
Tom and Mary are coming this way.
Tom and I work in the same store.
Tom and I didn't talk about that.
Tom always gets home before dark.
It was very difficult to do that.
I don't really care what you say.
I didn't do anything to hurt Tom.
I can't help but worry about Tom.
Don't waste your time asking Tom.
Both Tom and Mary have a bicycle.
Tom wouldn't tell me what to do.
Tom wouldn't show up here again.
Tom won't wait very much longer.
Tom won't need to do that again.
Tom won't be staying for dinner.
Tom won't be able to refuse you.
Tom will never agree to do that.
Tom will move back to Australia.
Tom will likely do that for you.
Tom will do that if he has time.
Tom will be back in the evening.
Tom went to Boston to find work.
Tom went to Boston last weekend.
Tom went out to get some donuts.
Tom went into the jewelry store.
Tom wasn't married at that time.
Tom wasn't engaged at that time.
Tom wasn't able to find his hat.
Tom wasn't a very good roommate.
Tom was wearing a blue swimsuit.
Tom was still there when I left.
Tom was often bullied at school.
Tom was married for a long time.
Tom was in the kitchen, cooking.
Tom was in college at that time.
Tom was here when that happened.
Tom was going in that direction.
Tom was an expert at doing that.
Tom was accused of embezzlement.
Tom used to be a French teacher.
Tom told me the price he'd paid.
Tom told me how much he weighed.
Tom threw sausages on the grill.
Tom is taking a nap in his bedroom.
Tom sometimes gets into trouble.
Tom should've kept his promises.
Tom should've been here earlier.
Tom seemed to enjoy the concert.
Tom seemed to be ready to start.
Tom seemed to be ready to leave.
Tom seemed a little freaked out.
Tom secretly did that yesterday.
Tom saw the blood on the carpet.
Tom saw a plane flying overhead.
Tom sat in the corner and cried.
Tom returned shortly after 2:30.
Tom refused to continue working.
Tom quite often went to parties.
Tom put the apples on the table.
Tom promised to sort things out.
Tom probably won't get promoted.
Tom probably heard what we said.
Tom poisoned his neighbor's dog.
Tom plans to take next week off.
Tom plans to renovate his house.
Tom often falls asleep in class.
Tom often does things like that.
Tom now goes to a better school.
Tom never gets anywhere on time.
Tom might not have enough money.
Tom might be a few minutes late.
Tom may sit here if he wants to.
Tom made a very good impression.
Tom looks much older than he is.
Tom looked a little freaked out.
Tom lives with his grandparents.
Tom lives in the rich part of town.
Tom leaves his radio on all day.
Tom lay awake most of the night.
Tom killed both of his brothers.
Tom isn't a very good violinist.
Tom isn't a very good guitarist.
Tom isn't a student here either.
Tom isn't a good fortune teller.
Tom isn't a good country singer.
Tom isn't a good French teacher.
Tom is used to working outdoors.
Tom is trying to solve a puzzle.
Tom is sitting in the front row.
Tom is reading a book in French.
Tom is much richer than Mary is.
Tom is minding his own business.
Tom is looking for his umbrella.
Tom is looking for his daughter.
Tom is looking for his children.
Tom is looking for a new tenant.
Tom is just trying to get a job.
Tom is just looking for trouble.
Tom is in his room, watching TV.
Tom is going to move in with us.
Tom is finally ready to do that.
Tom is fighting for his freedom.
Tom is extremely good at tennis.
Tom is expecting a call from me.
Tom is clipping his fingernails.
Tom is cleaning the living room.
Tom is celebrating his birthday.
Tom is at John's bachelor party.
Tom is already a little nervous.
Tom is afraid of getting caught.
Tom is a volunteer fire fighter.
Tom is a very good car mechanic.
Tom is a thirty-year old sailor.
Tom is a sophomore just like us.
Tom is a pretty good cartoonist.
Tom is a pretty good bricklayer.
Tom is a part-time student here.
Tom is a full-time student here.
Tom is a fairly good cartoonist.
Tom is a fairly good bricklayer.
Tom helped me solve the problem.
Tom heard a car pull up outside.
Tom hasn't found a good job yet.
Tom hasn't decided what to wear.
Tom hasn't broken any rules yet.
Tom has started losing his mind.
Tom has started going to church.
Tom has never done that with me.
Tom has decided to have a party.
Tom has bought another umbrella.
Tom has bleached his hair again.
Tom has been in Boston all week.
Tom has been hired to work here.
Tom has been helping us all day.
Tom has been asked to come back.
Tom has been allowed to do that.
Tom has already eaten breakfast.
Tom has already decided to stay.
Tom hangs out with us sometimes.
Tom forgot to go to the meeting.
Tom forgot his umbrella at home.
Tom finished the report in time.
Tom drove his truck up the hill.
Tom doesn't yet know what to do.
Tom doesn't want to go home now.
Tom doesn't want that to happen.
Tom doesn't travel much anymore.
Tom doesn't need to go home now.
Tom doesn't need three bicycles.
Tom doesn't like playing sports.
Tom doesn't like Australia much.
Tom doesn't have to go home now.
Tom doesn't have his sweater on.
Tom doesn't celebrate birthdays.
Tom didn't work on October 20th.
Tom didn't want to do that here.
Tom didn't want to be disturbed.
Tom didn't say why he was angry.
Tom didn't expect to be so busy.
Tom didn't answer our questions.
Tom denied having taken a bribe.
Tom crouched down behind a bush.
Tom couldn't get what he needed.
Tom continued to eat the orange.
Tom cautiously entered the room.
Tom can't remember his password.
Tom can't leave the house today.
Tom can sit here if he wants to.
Tom can probably get it for you.
Tom can only do that on Mondays.
Tom came over and shook my hand.
Tom came over and gave me a hug.
Tom came here earlier this week.
Tom came back yesterday morning.
Tom brought us something to eat.
Tom brought the food over to us.
Tom brought some stuff with him.
Tom brought his hammer with him.
Tom brought his guitar with him.
Tom bought his ticket yesterday.
Tom borrowed some money from me.
Tom ate leftovers for breakfast.
Tom asked us to stop doing that.
Tom asked us to do this quietly.
Tom asked us to do this quickly.
Tom asked us not to do anything.
Tom asked me not to do anything.
Tom and his son worked together.
Tom and Mary didn't shake hands.
Tom and Mary did the same thing.
Tom and Mary brought their kids.
Tom and Mary broke up on Monday.
Tom and Mary bought a new house.
Tom and Mary both used to smoke.
Tom and Mary both ordered steak.
Tom and Mary both got suspended.
Tom and Mary argued about money.
Tom and Mary aren't married yet.
Tom and John are dating sisters.
Tom and I'll be working tonight.
Tom and I speak French together.
Tom always wears a suit to work.
Tom always has something to say.
Tom almost fell out of the tree.
Tom almost fell off his bicycle.
Tom almost didn't catch the bus.
I was only there for a few days.
Both Tom and Mary used to smoke.
Both Tom and Mary ordered steak.
Why are you guys afraid of Tom?
Tom wouldn't lend me any money.
Tom works as an animal trainer.
Tom wore khaki pants yesterday.
Tom won't have time to do that.
Tom will take good care of you.
Tom will never let that happen.
Tom will be nervous doing that.
Tom will be evicted in October.
Tom will be allowed to do that.
Tom went to the amusement park.
Tom wears blue jeans every day.
Tom was up until past midnight.
Tom was on the couch, sleeping.
Tom was nice enough to help me.
Tom was my boyfriend back then.
Tom was killed in his own home.
Tom was killed in an avalanche.
Tom was in front of me in line.
Tom was in bed when I got home.
Tom was here earlier this week.
Tom was first one to volunteer.
Tom was busy and skipped lunch.
Tom wants to remodel his house.
Tom walked quickly to the door.
Tom visited his aunt and uncle.
Tom used to be a fighter pilot.
Tom turned down the invitation.
Tom told us to stop doing that.
Tom told me to go to Australia.
Tom told me how much he'd paid.
Tom sold most of his paintings.
Tom should've kept his promise.
Tom should've been helping you.
Tom should be allowed to leave.
Tom should be allowed to drive.
Tom seemed to enjoy the picnic.
Tom saw some ducks on the pond.
Tom refused to leave the house.
Tom realized what was going on.
Tom ran down the deserted road.
Tom needs a shoulder to cry on.
Tom might have some good ideas.
Tom may wear anything he likes.
Tom may have told us the truth.
Tom made a startling discovery.
Tom lives with his grandmother.
Tom lives in a rural community.
Tom knew his way around Boston.
Tom jumped in his car and left.
Tom isn't very good at drawing.
Tom isn't the brightest person.
Tom isn't interested in sports.
Tom isn't allowed to eat candy.
Tom isn't a very good sculptor.
Tom isn't a very good salesman.
Tom isn't a very good musician.
Tom isn't a very good gardener.
Tom isn't a good cabinet maker.
Tom is wearing a blue swimsuit.
Tom is used to working outside.
Tom is too stubborn to do that.
Tom is still very enthusiastic.
Tom is pretty grumpy right now.
Tom is pretty cranky right now.
Tom is planning on being there.
Tom is only in the third grade.
Tom is one of my close friends.
Tom is now working night shift.
Tom is now a teacher in Boston.
Tom is much nicer than Mary is.
Tom is moving into a new place.
Tom is in the living room, too.
Tom is in the hot tub, singing.
Tom is in the back of the room.
Tom is home alone with his dog.
Tom is holding a tennis racket.
Tom is holding a glass of wine.
Tom is holding a cup of coffee.
Tom is going to look into that.
Tom is going to Boston with us.
Tom is downstairs, watching TV.
Tom is downloading some movies.
Tom is doing something illegal.
Tom is doing something foolish.
Tom is doing a pretty good job.
Tom is definitely good at that.
Tom is dating my ex-girlfriend.
Tom is cutting his fingernails.
Tom is busy helping a customer.
Tom is being bullied at school.
Tom is afraid of getting fired.
Tom is addicted to painkillers.
Tom is about to go on vacation.
Tom is about to get in trouble.
Tom is a volunteer firefighter.
Tom is a very hard-working guy.
Tom is a very good song writer.
Tom is a very good electrician.
Tom is a very good dog trainer.
Tom is a very good businessman.
Tom is a senior in high school.
Tom is a really strange person.
Tom is a pretty strange person.
Tom is a fairly good guitarist.
Tom is a fairly good carpenter.
Tom hasn't decided what to eat.
Tom has never been to a museum.
Tom has never been on a picnic.
Tom has lived a sheltered life.
Tom has finished his work here.
Tom has bought another bicycle.
Tom has been postponing things.
Tom has been driving us around.
Tom has been coaching our team.
Tom has a knife for protection.
Tom had a great time in Boston.
Tom got into trouble yesterday.
Tom got here three hours early.
Tom got here about an hour ago.
Tom got good grades in college.
Tom got drunk again last night.
Tom got a D on his French test.
Tom doesn't really like Boston.
Tom doesn't read all that often.
Tom doesn't need me to do that.
Tom doesn't have a regular job.
Tom doesn't go fishing anymore.
Tom doesn't eat rice every day.
Tom didn't want to appear weak.
Tom didn't say where he'd been.
Tom didn't get home until dawn.
Tom didn't get a chance to try.
Tom didn't answer my questions.
Tom didn't allow me to do that.
Tom cut off the lower branches.
Tom couldn't pay all his bills.
Tom couldn't find his umbrella.
Tom could hear the baby crying.
Tom continued to eat the fruit.
Tom continued to eat the apple.
Tom can wear anything he likes.
Tom can help you do that today.
Tom calls his stepfather Daddy.
Tom called the fire department.
Tom brought us some sandwiches.
Tom brought some food with him.
Tom brought me a cup of coffee.
Tom brought his rifle with him.
Tom broke his arm, not his leg.
Tom bought a pair of new boots.
Tom began to hit me for no reason.
Tom asked me if I liked Boston.
Tom asked for something to eat.
Tom arrived well past midnight.
Tom apparently didn't get paid.
Tom and Mary get paid the same.
Tom and Mary are paid the same.
Tom and John look very similar.
Tom and I never discussed that.
Tom almost got fired yesterday.
Tom almost got fired last week.
Tom almost fell off the ladder.
There's still time to save Tom.
Why are you all afraid of Tom?
What you said really hurt Tom.
What do you like about Boston?
Tom, of course, will be there.
Tom won't be allowed to drive.
Tom will never wait that long.
Tom will never try to do that.
Tom will never let me do that.
Tom will never leave his wife.
Tom will never go there alone.
Tom will get dizzy doing that.
Tom will eventually be caught.
Tom will do whatever it takes.
Tom will be very proud of you.
Tom will be leaving on Monday.
Tom will be bad at doing that.
Tom went to speak to his boss.
Tom went to Boston in October.
Tom waters his lawn every day.
Tom was very drunk that night.
Tom was very drunk last night.
Tom was throwing rocks at my dog.
Tom was the first person here.
Tom was obviously intoxicated.
Tom was obviously heartbroken.
Tom was obviously embarrassed.
Tom was obviously dumbfounded.
Tom was the last one to volunteer.
Tom was in a hurry to do that.
Tom was hit by a car and died.
Tom was found dead in his car.
Tom was a rebellious teenager.
Tom wants to get rich quickly.
Tom wants to be there tonight.
Tom wanted to be paid in cash.
Tom usually washes the dishes.
Tom usually walks with a cane.
Tom used to do that sometimes.
Tom used to be an electrician.
Tom tried to end his own life.
Tom told me to do that myself.
Tom should've been helping me.
Tom seems to be enjoying this.
Tom seemed to enjoy the party.
Tom seemed to enjoy the movie.
Tom seemed a little irritated.
Tom sat down next to the fire.
Tom really enjoyed the picnic.
Tom raised his son on his own.
Tom put his money in the safe.
Tom pretty much cried all day.
Tom ought to be there tonight.
Tom often goes home for lunch.
Tom never wanted to be lawyer.
Tom needs to change his plans.
Tom needs to be there tonight.
Tom looks sleepy this morning.
Tom lives on a private island.
Tom left his umbrella at home.
Tom learned to ski on his own.
Tom knows the city quite well.
Tom knows something you don't.
Tom just stood there, stunned.
Tom isn't that type of doctor.
Tom isn't old enough to smoke.
Tom isn't old enough to drive.
Tom isn't a very good plumber.
Tom isn't a very good manager.
Tom isn't a good car mechanic.
Tom is well-liked by his crew.
Tom is unlocking the door now.
Tom is still driving a diesel.
Tom is pretty good at drawing.
Tom is outside, pulling weeds.
Tom is on the porch, drinking.
Tom is now a dental hygienist.
Tom is my girlfriend's father.
Tom is lying about his weight.
Tom is looking for volunteers.
Tom is living in my old house.
Tom is just trying to be nice.
Tom was injured playing soccer.
Tom is in the back of the bus.
Tom is in his office, working.
Tom is holding a baseball bat.
Tom is going home early today.
Tom is finished getting ready.
Tom is finally ready to leave.
Tom is doing something stupid.
Tom is dating a Canadian girl.
Tom is certainly not a coward.
Tom is at the shopping center.
Tom is at the doctor's office.
Tom is assigned to this group.
Tom is always here on Mondays.
Tom is acting kind of strange.
Tom is about three miles away.
Tom is about three hours away.
Tom is a very introverted kid.
Tom is a very influential guy.
Tom is a very good cartoonist.
Tom is a very good bricklayer.
Tom is a very friendly person.
Tom is a sophomore in college.
Tom is a really good roommate.
Tom is a pretty talkative guy.
Tom is a pretty good sculptor.
Tom is a pretty good salesman.
Tom is a pretty good musician.
Tom is a pretty good gardener.
Tom is a motivational speaker.
Tom is a fairly good sculptor.
Tom is a fairly good salesman.
Tom is a fairly good musician.
Tom is a fairly good gardener.
Tom held the door open for us.
Tom held the door open for me.
Tom hates his younger brother.
Tom has trouble keeping a job.
Tom has never been to a dance.
Tom has never been rude to me.
Tom has denied the accusation.
Tom has blisters on his hands.
Tom has been wrong many times.
Tom has been paying attention.
Tom has been making fun of me.
Tom has been driving us crazy.
Tom has been allowed to leave.
Tom has been allowed to drive.
Tom has a three-bedroom house.
Tom had a good time yesterday.
Tom got into a lot of trouble.
Tom got hit by a car and died.
Tom got good grades in school.
Tom gets bullied all the time.
Tom finally told us the truth.
Tom finally agreed to help us.
Tom eats cereal for breakfast.
Tom doesn't often wear jeans.
Tom didn't tell you the truth.
Tom didn't tell us what to do.
Tom didn't need me to do that.
Tom didn't do this by himself.
Tom didn't do that very often.
Tom did something wrong again.
Tom did an exemplary job here.
Tom caused all these problems.
Tom carefully closed the door.
Tom can't do things like that.
Tom can't call home right now.
Tom can tie his own shoes now.
Tom buried his dog over there.
Tom brought his wife with him.
Tom bought way too much bread.
Tom bought some potted plants.
Tom bought me a cup of coffee.
Tom bought himself a nice car.
Tom bought a three-room house.
Tom bought a cake for dessert.
Tom became a very wealthy man.
Tom ate three of the cupcakes.
Tom ate three bowls of cereal.
Tom asked questions about you.
Tom asked me to call him back.
Tom asked God for forgiveness.
Tom appeared to be very upset.
Tom appeared to be very angry.
Tom apologized for doing that.
Tom and Mary are really funny.
Tom and I are working tonight.
Tom and I are both adults now.
Tom almost never eats dessert.
Tom almost fell into the pool.
There's no reasoning with Tom.
I hope that we can be friends.
We were just discussing that.
Tom, you have enough already.
Tom wouldn't help me do that.
Tom won't be coming tomorrow.
Tom will make up his own bed.
Tom will go home early today.
Tom will do whatever you ask.
Tom will do that differently.
Tom will do anything you ask.
Tom will do anything for you.
Tom will be tough to replace.
Tom will be coming on Monday.
Tom will be back after lunch.
Tom will be allowed to leave.
Tom will be allowed to drive.
Tom wasn't so rich back then.
Tom was obviously prejudiced.
Tom was obviously interested.
Tom was obviously infuriated.
Tom was obviously humiliated.
Tom was obviously frustrated.
Tom was obviously frightened.
Tom was obviously distracted.
Tom was obviously displeased.
Tom was just being sarcastic.
Tom was here for a long time.
Tom was gone for three hours.
Tom was born in a small town.
Tom was a little freaked out.
Tom was Mary's dance partner.
Tom wants to get out of here.
Tom walks his dogs every day.
Tom used to be really famous.
Tom used to be a drug dealer.
Tom unlocked the door for me.
Tom turned thirty in October.
Tom tried to manipulate Mary.
Tom sometimes visits in October.
Tom smiled at the bus driver.
Tom shouldn't do that inside.
Tom seldom washes the dishes.
Tom seemed very uninterested.
Tom seemed pretty unfriendly.
Tom sat outside on the porch.
Tom rode his horse to school.
Tom often manipulates people.
Tom mopped the kitchen floor.
Tom might've lied about that.
Tom might come back tomorrow.
Tom loves to go out at night.
Tom looks awfully busy today.
Tom lives alone on an island.
Tom lives on a thirty-acre farm.
Tom likes playing volleyball.
Tom liked to keep to himself.
Tom knows where he should be.
Tom knew he'd made a mistake.
Tom just sat there listening.
Tom just couldn't believe it.
Tom isn't a very good skater.
Tom isn't a very good farmer.
Tom isn't a regular customer.
Tom isn't a good songwriter.
Tom isn't a good electrician.
Tom isn't a good dog trainer.
Tom is wearing a new uniform.
Tom is waiting in room three.
Tom is still working with us.
Tom is no longer in our club.
Tom is much richer than Mary.
Tom is making too much noise.
Tom is making a lot of money.
Tom is looking for his phone.
Tom is in his sophomore year.
Tom is holding a mug of beer.
Tom is headed towards Boston.
Tom is going through puberty.
Tom is flying back to Boston.
Tom is fairly good at French.
Tom is doing a very good job.
Tom is doing a dangerous job.
Tom is constantly texting me.
Tom is clipping his toenails.
Tom is busy writing a speech.
Tom is authorized to do this.
Tom is at his parents' house.
Tom is at his bachelor party.
Tom is arguing with his wife.
Tom is an introverted person.
Tom is an experienced driver.
Tom is already out of school.
Tom is already in a bad mood.
Tom is almost ready to leave.
Tom is actually not sleeping.
Tom is a wealthy businessman.
Tom is a very violent person.
Tom is a really weird person.
Tom is a really quiet person.
Tom is a professional singer.
Tom is a pretty weird person.
Tom is a pretty good teacher.
Tom is a pretty good plumber.
Tom is a pretty good manager.
Tom is a member of this club.
Tom is a manipulative person.
Tom is a little unhappy here.
Tom is a freshman in college.
Tom is a fairly good teacher.
Tom is a fairly good swimmer.
Tom is a fairly good plumber.
Tom is a fairly good manager.
Tom has to go back to school.
Tom has spent time in prison.
Tom has spent time in Boston.
Tom has messed up everything.
Tom has just moved to Boston.
Tom has decided to go skiing.
Tom has blisters on his feet.
Tom has been given a new job.
Tom has been a good roommate.
Tom has already taken a bath.
Tom has a frog in his throat.
Tom has a dimple on his chin.
Tom hardly ever eats dessert.
Tom had no work at that time.
Tom had no reason to do that.
Tom got divorced last summer.
Tom forgot about the meeting.
Tom doesn't often read books.
Tom doesn't need to dress up.
Tom doesn't like Boston much.
Tom didn't take off his coat.
Tom didn't seem to know that.
Tom didn't get off the train.
Tom didn't do that very much.
Tom couldn't find his gloves.
Tom couldn't control his dog.
Tom comes here every weekend.
Tom choked on a chicken bone.
Tom can't go to school today.
Tom can't afford to buy that.
Tom came to see us yesterday.
Tom came here to speak to us.
Tom built his dog a doghouse.
Tom brought us some presents.
Tom brought his dog with him.
Tom broke his attacker's arm.
Tom bought his gun in Boston.
Tom betrayed his own brother.
Tom betrayed his best friend.
Tom begins his shift at noon.
Tom backed down the driveway.
Tom ate three pieces of cake.
Tom ate his sandwich quickly.
Tom applied for the position.
Tom and Mary both have a dog.
Tom and Mary both have a car.
Tom and Mary are the winners.
Tom and Mary are really tall.
Tom and Mary are really cool.
Tom and Mary are on a cruise.
Tom and I've kept in contact.
Tom always talks about money.
Tom always looks a bit tired.
Tom already has a girlfriend.
Tom almost never wears jeans.
The flowers were sent by Tom.
My mother still calls me Tom.
I don't remember much French.
Both Tom and Mary have a dog.
Both Tom and Mary have a car.
Why are you so cruel to Tom?
Tom will want to go with us.
Tom will never let me drive.
Tom will be leaving at 2:30.
Tom will be driving me home.
Tom will be able to do that.
Tom wasn't really surprised.
Tom wasn't allowed to leave.
Tom wasn't allowed to drive.
Tom was too busy to help us.
Tom was supposed to do this.
Tom was on TV yesterday.
Tom was obviously surprised.
Tom was obviously plastered.
Tom was obviously miserable.
Tom was obviously irritated.
Tom was obviously intrigued.
Tom was obviously horrified.
Tom was obviously disgusted.
Tom was obviously contented.
Tom was in high school then.
Tom was gone thirty minutes.
Tom was gone for three days.
Tom was folding his laundry.
Tom was disrespectful to us.
Tom was attacked by a tiger.
Tom used to be a truck driver.
Tom used to be a copywriter.
Tom told me to go to Boston.
Tom slept on the park bench.
Tom should know that by now.
Tom seems to be intimidated.
Tom seemed ready to do that.
Tom seemed a little jealous.
Tom rides a horse to school.
Tom quickly closed the book.
Tom owns a thirty-acre farm.
Tom needed to go home early.
Tom named his daughter Mary.
Tom moved in just last week.
Tom may stay if he wants to.
Tom lost his arm in the war.
Tom lives somewhere in Iowa.
Tom lied to his best friend.
Tom keeps changing his mind.
Tom isn't a very good skier.
Tom isn't a good cartoonist.
Tom isn't a good bricklayer.
Tom is the richest one here.
Tom is still in his uniform.
Tom is sitting on the grass.
Tom is remodeling his house.
Tom is pretty deaf, I think.
Tom is out, walking his dog.
Tom is on the bus with Mary.
Tom is obviously very upset.
Tom is obviously very brave.
Tom is obviously very angry.
Tom is now three months old.
Tom is no longer doing that.
Tom is lying on his stomach.
Tom is knocking on the door.
Tom is just being sarcastic.
Tom is in his freshman year.
Tom is hiding in the garage.
Tom is going to investigate.
Tom is going to help us out.
Tom is going to handle this.
Tom is getting stressed out.
Tom is getting really angry.
Tom is enjoying his freedom.
Tom is deaf in his left ear.
Tom is cutting his toenails.
Tom is at his uncle's place.
Tom is as old as Methuselah.
Tom is always eavesdropping.
Tom is already used to that.
Tom is already on the plane.
Tom is alone in his bedroom.
Tom is acting kind of weird.
Tom is a wonderful roommate.
Tom is a very good sculptor.
Tom is a very good salesman.
Tom is a very good gardener.
Tom is a very active person.
Tom is a really rich person.
Tom is a really cool person.
Tom is a pretty rich person.
Tom is a pretty good skater.
Tom is a pretty good farmer.
Tom is a fairly rich person.
Tom is a fairly good skater.
Tom is a fairly good singer.
Tom is a fairly good farmer.
Tom is a fairly good driver.
Tom is a fairly good dancer.
Tom is a decent human being.
Tom hoped to find the truth.
Tom heard what was going on.
Tom hasn't broken any rules.
Tom has to be there tonight.
Tom has postponed his party.
Tom has never been to a zoo.
Tom has had another seizure.
Tom has finally found a job.
Tom has escaped from prison.
Tom has been massaging Mary.
Tom has been making threats.
Tom has been limping around.
Tom has been given a ticket.
Tom has been drinking a lot.
Tom has already headed home.
Tom has a couple of options.
Tom hardly ever wears jeans.
Tom grew up in another country.
Tom got punched in the face.
Tom got beat up in the park.
Tom gets a very good salary.
Tom followed the guidelines.
Tom fainted at school today.
Tom enjoys horseback riding.
Tom drove home from the gym.
Tom does that every evening.
Tom didn't want to show off.
Tom didn't tell me about it.
Tom did that more than once.
Tom did something bad again.
Tom can't talk with you now.
Tom can't help how he feels.
Tom can't find his umbrella.
Tom can't control his anger.
Tom called to say thank you.
Tom brought this from Boston.
Tom bought a box of oranges.
Tom bought a box of cookies.
Tom began his shift at noon.
Tom ate three pieces of pie.
Tom asked me for permission.
Tom asked me for my address.
Tom arrived late last night.
Tom and Mary stuck together.
Tom and Mary both have cars.
Tom and Mary both called me.
Tom and John were roommates.
Tom and John were cellmates.
Tom and I have to get along.
Tom almost ran off the road.
Tom acted like he was drunk.
Both Tom and Mary have dogs.
Both Tom and Mary have cars.
Both Tom and Mary called me.
Tom, you're probably right.
Tom would enjoy doing that.
Tom would agree to do that.
Tom won't wait much longer.
Tom will refuse to do that.
Tom will probably hurt you.
Tom will help us if he can.
Tom will hate what you did.
Tom will do the same thing.
Tom will do that next week.
Tom will be in this evening.
Tom will be back, I'm sure.
Tom wasn't born in October.
Tom wasn't allowed to sing.
Tom wasn't a good roommate.
Tom was wearing an old hat.
Tom was obviously troubled.
Tom was obviously thrilled.
Tom was obviously offended.
Tom was obviously homesick.
Tom was obviously homeless.
Tom was obviously confused.
Tom was kind of rude to us.
Tom was in my French class.
Tom was in college in 2013.
Tom was furious about that.
Tom was caught doing drugs.
Tom was carrying a gym bag.
Tom was at school that day.
Tom was an uninvited guest.
Tom was a few minutes late.
Tom wants to sell his farm.
Tom wanted more than money.
Tom turned off the machine.
Tom took the gun from Mary.
Tom took a sip and frowned.
Tom sounds like his father.
Tom should do that for you.
Tom seldom goes to parties.
Tom seems pretty impatient.
Tom seemed to be in a rush.
Tom says that all the time.
Tom saw everything you did.
Tom sat in the middle seat.
Tom rode a horse to school.
Tom ran across the highway.
Tom ought to go home early.
Tom only caught three fish.
Tom needs to go home early.
Tom may come back tomorrow.
Tom loves going to museums.
Tom isn't eager to do that.
Tom isn't a good guitarist.
Tom isn't a good carpenter.
Tom is sketching a picture.
Tom is scared of something.
Tom is pretty conservative.
Tom is now in a new school.
Tom is no longer in school.
Tom is no longer a problem.
Tom is munching on popcorn.
Tom is jumping up and down.
Tom is in the waiting area.
Tom is hiding in the attic.
Tom is going to get caught.
Tom is getting freaked out.
Tom is eating with a spoon.
Tom is doing his own thing.
Tom is cold and he's tired.
Tom is being uncooperative.
Tom is at a bachelor party.
Tom is assisting customers.
Tom is an excellent dancer.
Tom is an ambulance driver.
Tom is already in the pool.
Tom is actually not asleep.
Tom is actually busy today.
Tom is a very weird person.
Tom is a very naive person.
Tom is a very good manager.
Tom is a very friendly guy.
Tom is a strict vegetarian.
Tom is a senior in college.
Tom is a part-time plumber.
Tom is a lot older than us.
Tom is a junior in college.
Tom is a fairly good skier.
Tom is a banjo player, too.
Tom hasn't driven in years.
Tom has never milked a cow.
Tom has decided to say yes.
Tom has decided to do both.
Tom has been kind of quiet.
Tom has been hoarding food.
Tom got married to a widow.
Tom got married in October.
Tom flinched involuntarily.
Tom fixed the broken clock.
Tom expects me to help him.
Tom drove us around Boston.
Tom donated a lot of money.
Tom doesn't live near here.
Tom doesn't hear very well.
Tom disappeared in October.
Tom didn't like the picnic.
Tom checked in an hour ago.
Tom can come back tomorrow.
Tom brought a case of beer.
Tom bought three umbrellas.
Tom bought a gun in Boston.
Tom asked us to be patient.
Tom asked me to be patient.
Tom asked for more details.
Tom and Mary began dancing.
Tom and Mary began arguing.
Tom and John are nice guys.
Tom and John are cellmates.
Tom and I'll do all we can.
Tom and I are still dating.
Tom already had his hat on.
Tom won't stay for dinner.
Tom won't help me do that.
Tom will never forgive us.
Tom will never allow that.
Tom will enjoy doing this.
Tom will enjoy doing that.
Tom will be there tonight.
Tom will be driving there.
Tom will be an adult soon.
Tom will agree to do that.
Tom wears jeans every day.
Tom wasn't rich back then.
Tom was three hours early.
Tom was my first roommate.
Tom was my boyfriend then.
Tom was genuinely annoyed.
Tom was alone in his room.
Tom was Mary's first boss.
Tom lives with a roommate.
Tom is unlocking the door.
Tom is only thirty pounds.
Tom is on the tennis team.
Tom is on the golf course.
Tom is obviously not here.
Tom is kind of mysterious.
Tom has been acting weird.
Tom did something strange.
Tom collects unemployment.
Tom and Mary have a horse.
Tom and Mary are sleeping.
Tom and Mary are new here.
Tom and Mary are drinking.
I'm in love with you, Tom.
I couldn't get it to work.
We're just brainstorming.
Tom was new at that time.
Tom was my first husband.
Tom pretended to be John.
Tom only works part time.
Tom is out with a friend.
Tom is lying on his side.
Tom is located in Boston.
Tom is Mary's supervisor.
Tom and Mary are so cool.
These roses are from Tom.
I'm not leaving you, Tom.
We need to discuss this.
Tom is thirty something.
Tom is outside, playing.
Tom is making a mistake.
Tom is looking for that.
Tom and Mary both smoke.
This is the true story.
This didn't surprise me.
The roses were from Tom.
Open the door. It's Tom.
Don't leave me yet, Tom.
Both Tom and Mary smoke.
A dog was following Tom.
We can already do that.
Tom sat in front of us.
Tom only listens to me.
Tom is losing his mind.
Tom is losing his hair.
Tom has a student visa.
Tom and Mary look nice.
Tom and Mary are jerks.
Tom was my first boss.
Tom went to the laundromat.
Tom lied to all of us.
Tom is making a video.
Tom is making a scene.
Tom was very annoyed.
Tom was just shocked.
Tom sent the flowers.
Tom is just in shock.
You're my hero, Tom.
Tom was my best man.
Tom sat behind Mary.
Tom left in his car.
Tom is on his phone.
Tom is kind of rude.
We can do that now.
Tom sat next to us.
Tom sat between us.
Tom is never alone.
Tom is making soup.
Tom is just joking.
Tom is just afraid.
I was off that day.
Tom sat behind us.
Tom sat behind me.
Tom is moving out.
Tom is just bored.
Tom is Mary's age.
Tom is on campus.
I'm new to this.
I'm just bored.
I couldn't tell Tom what was going to happen.
I don't know how to play the clarinet very well, but I'm pretty good at playing the flute.
Tom was afraid of failure.
We could probably make more money if we lowered the price since we could sell more.
Tom should've been dancing with Mary.
I didn't want to get married, but my parents really wanted me to, so I got married.
I couldn't explain to Tom what was happening.
We could probably make more money by lowering the price since we could sell more.
Tom turned down the music.
Which would you rather do, stay at home and watch TV or go out and see a movie?
Tom should wait until Mary gets here.
Instead of just the two of us, let's invite the whole class to do that with us.
I could probably convince Tom not to do that.
I don't play the clarinet very well, but I'm pretty good at playing the flute.
Tom tried to fix it himself.
We could see the flames coming toward us, so we ran in the other direction.
Tom seemed really worried about Mary.
I don't often eat in restaurants that have pictures of food on their menus.
I chose not to do that the way Tom suggested.
I usually eat two or three eggs for breakfast at least three times a week.
Tom swept the living room.
I've never been the kind of person who complains about things like that.
Tom left Mary a message on the table.
I was the only one at the meeting who didn't think that was a good idea.
All Tom does all day long is play the guitar.
I don't usually eat breakfast because I'd rather sleep as late as I can.
Tom spent the night alone.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider doing that.
Tom is waiting for Mary on the porch.
I wouldn't worry about unpacking. You probably won't be here very long.
We won't do what Tom said he wants us to do.
I don't want to have to explain this again, so please listen carefully.
Tom slept on a park bench.
Mr. Jackson is in the hospital, so I'll be teaching his classes today.
Tom is the boss when Mary isn't home.
I was afraid I wasn't going to be able to find my way out of the cave.
We found Tom drunk sleeping on a park bench.
I don't often eat in restaurants with pictures of food on their menus.
Tom should do that inside.
Some of the trees in our neighborhood were knocked down by the storm.
Tom is planning to meet Mary at 2:30.
If you don't do this now, you'll regret it for the rest of your life.
Until yesterday, I had never seen Tom dance.
I could probably save myself a lot of time by just doing that myself.
Tom seemed ready to leave.
You can't have this kitten, but you can have any of the other ones.
Tom is interfering with Mary's plans.
My curtains were closed, so I didn't see what was happening outside.
The decisive goal was scored by Tom Jackson.
Let's forget about our differences and focus on how we're the same.
Tom says he's feeling bad.
I read somewhere that short people need more sleep than tall people.
Tom is apologizing to Mary right now.
I almost always take a shower in the morning before going to school.
Letting Tom do that wasn't such a good idea.
We won't have another chance to do that anytime in the near future.
Tom says he wants to buy that.
Please get here at least fifteen minutes before the meeting starts.
Tom has been giving Mary good advice.
Please get here at least fifteen minutes before the concert starts.
It doesn't matter to me where Tom does that.
I wouldn't have believed that if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes.
Tom says he needs to buy a new pair of shoes.
I won't go to all the meetings, but I'll try to go to some of them.
Tom has been emailing Mary every day.
How many people do you think are studying French here in Australia?
It doesn't look like Tom is there right now.
We won't get another chance to do that anytime in the near future.
Tom quite often does that.
I'd rather have this and not need it than need it and not have it.
Tom has already decided to tell Mary.
I wouldn't worry about unpacking. You probably won't be here long.
I've known Tom since he was three years old.
When I was in high school, I was the tallest student in my class.
Tom pushed the plate away.
We don't have enough time to do everything that needs to be done.
Tom has already decided to help Mary.
My curtains were open, so I could see what was happening outside.
I've been waiting for Tom to do that for me.
If you continue doing that that way, you'll probably get injured.
Tom played pool with John.
I wrote a message on the piece of paper and put it in the bottle.
Tom has already decided to fire Mary.
I've been drinking a lot more coffee recently than I usually do.
I'm waiting for Tom to get back from Boston.
We didn't get the chance to do that while we were in Australia.
Tom paid that bill for me.
I'm looking for a job that pays better than the one I have now.
Tom drove Mary back to her apartment.
I love playing basketball, but I don't enjoy watching it on TV.
I'm not sure if it's Tom who should do that.
I have to leave early today because I have to attend a funeral.
Tom ought to be back soon.
I don't know how to play the flute, but I can play the trumpet.
Tom doesn't need to do that for Mary.
When I was in high school, I was the best student in my class.
I'm not planning to meet Tom at the airport.
We had a lot of chances to do that while we were in Australia.
Tom often went to parties.
My weight now is the same as it was when I was in high school.
Tom doesn't have to do that for Mary.
Is it true that short people need more sleep than tall people?
I'm not going to tell Tom what he should do.
If you continue doing that that way, you'll likely get killed.
Tom often goes to parties.
I'm sorry, but I really don't have time to do that right now.
I loved my ex-wife, but I just couldn't live with her anymore.
I'd expected Tom to do that on October 20th.
I kneeled down to get a better look at what was on the ground.
Tom noticed a few changes.
Do you know the names of all eight of your great-grandparents?
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so tall.
Could you please check the door to make sure that it's locked?
I wondered if Tom should do that by himself.
It's my job to tell everyone what was decided at the meeting.
Tom needs a bottle opener.
An opportunity like this only comes along once in a lifetime.
Tom could see Mary sitting with John.
We were just getting ready to leave when it started raining.
I wondered if Tom had to do that by himself.
We didn't get the chance to do that while we were in Boston.
Tom must be really lonely.
I want to know where I can buy something to eat around here.
Tom can't help Mary do that tomorrow.
I immediately ran downstairs to find out what was happening.
I wonder who Tom thinks is going to do that.
I don't want you to do anything about this until I get back.
Tom likes going for walks.
I don't spend a lot of time thinking about things like that.
Tom called Mary to cancel their date.
You're not allowed to have pets in this apartment building.
I wonder who Tom sold his first painting to.
You'll likely get another chance to do that this afternoon.
Tom likes Australia a lot.
We had a lot of chances to do that while we were in Boston.
Tom bought Mary a bouquet of flowers.
I suggest you keep your opinions to yourselves from now on.
I told Tom where I'd learned how to do that.
I can't afford to eat at an expensive restaurant every day.
Tom liked the movie a lot.
Why don't you tell us a little something about yourselves?
Tom asked me for Mary's phone number.
Who do you think is the best French speaker in your class?
I told Tom what he should wear to the party.
We need to decide what's important and what's unimportant.
Tom just bought a new car.
The best thing would be for you to do the work yourselves.
Tom asked Mary where she'd done that.
It would probably be a good idea not to do that right now.
I told Tom about what I did over the summer.
If I ever see you doing that again, I'll tell your father.
Tom isn't a perfectionist.
I'm sick of listening to the same kind of music every day.
Tom asked Mary to take the trash out.
I wanted to give you a chance to explain why you did that.
I realize that Tom was the one who did that.
I haven't eaten or drunk anything since yesterday morning.
Tom isn't a good sculptor.
I had a chance to do that yesterday, but I decided not to.
Tom asked Mary to play drums with us.
I don't want my parents to find out what we did yesterday.
I haven't talked to Tom in a very long time.
I could draw fairly well by the time I began kindergarten.
Tom isn't a good salesman.
You're old enough to take care of yourselves, aren't you?
Tom asked Mary to get out of his way.
You won't get another chance to do that until next month.
I have no intention of giving Tom any money.
Why on earth did you not do what you were supposed to do?
Tom isn't a good musician.
What's the spookiest thing that has ever happened to you?
Tom asked Mary to get a hold of John.
We were just starting to do that when it started raining.
I don't usually eat the same thing Tom does.
I'm not interested in learning how to fix a broken table.
Tom isn't a good gardener.
I wasn't very sleepy, so I stayed up and watched a movie.
Tom asked Mary to explain her answer.
I thought I told you not to buy anything from that store.
I don't fight with Tom as much as I used to.
I don't like it when people ask me to do things for them.
Tom is the person we need.
All four of my son's great-grandmothers are still living.
Tom asked Mary to come to his office.
What's the weirdest thing that has ever happened to you?
I didn't want to tell Tom about what we did.
What's the scariest thing that has ever happened to you?
Tom is reading a pamphlet.
We've been planning this trip for the past three months.
Tom asked Mary to come over and help.
We saw guards coming toward us, so we hid in the bushes.
I didn't want Tom to go anywhere without me.
This is my last chance to do this before I go to Boston.
Tom is now back in prison.
Since you're the oldest, you need to set a good example.
Tom asked Mary to come here tomorrow.
My house isn't very large, but it's large enough for me.
I couldn't explain to Tom what was going on.
It won't be necessary for us to come back here tomorrow.
Tom is my father's friend.
It wasn't exactly what I wanted, but I bought it anyway.
Tom asked Mary to come back tomorrow.
If you continue doing that, you'll probably get injured.
Ask him what he wants.
Ask her to stay.
Ask her to come.
Ask him whether he comes.
Ask him if he comes or not.
Tom has a great car.
Why are you so wet?
Mary doesn't like her profession for a number of reasons.
Conscience is perpetual becoming.
Many chemical reactions can be artificially induced.
He can't keep his eyes open now.
He's crossing the street.
The bird flew high.
I teach Spanish as a foreign language, so you better believe I know what I'm talking about.
Peano is very important to the history of Interlingua because he developed a language very similar to contemporary Interlingua.
Don't forget your parental duties.
What would you like, ma'am?
Being an idealist means having enthusiasm for other things.
What'll you do back in Australia?
We really shouldn't have done that.
I wondered why Tom wasn't drinking.
We're getting increasingly worried.
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that on October 20th?
What do you think about all this?
Tom is worried about that, isn't he?
Tom asked Mary to wash his car.
When will you be back in Australia?
Tom always works alone.
Why are you making us wait so long?
I'll see Tom again on October 20th.
Why are you so hesitant to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you what you should do?
Why don't you want to leave Boston?
Tom is writing a book now, isn't he?
Why is it so quiet all of a sudden?
Tom asked Mary to work for him.
Would you be fired if you did that?
Tom became a celebrity.
Would you like to go out for lunch?
I'm not counting on Tom to do that.
Would you rather do something else?
What does Tom think is the most important point?
You almost convinced me to do that.
Tom is your older brother, isn't he?
You can't go out dressed like that.
Tom came here looking for Mary.
You may have to do that yourselves.
Tom borrowed my eraser.
You should come see for yourselves.
I'm not sure when Tom will show up.
You should take care of yourselves.
Was Tom the one who told you who to give that to?
You should try to enjoy yourselves.
Tom is your wife's friend, isn't he?
There's nothing else I need to buy.
Tom asked Mary to stop talking.
There's nothing else I have to buy.
Tom is willing to help us, isn't he?
There was nothing else I had to do.
Are you telling me Tom doesn't do that anymore?
The concert is just about to start.
I wasn't able to find Tom anywhere.
That was the only thing I could do.
Tom won't wait for us.
That movie wasn't very interesting.
Tom asked Mary to stop smoking.
That movie wasn't that interesting.
Tom is willing to do that, isn't he?
That decision hasn't yet been made.
When did Tom send in his passport application?
Tell us something about yourselves.
I want to teach Tom how to do that.
Please warm yourselves by the fire.
Tom won't wait for me.
Please don't do that by yourselves.
Tom asked Mary to speak to you.
Next year, I'll return to Boston.
Tom, look what we did.
I heard that he was bullied at the school.
That decision hasn't been made yet.
Tom also likes bananas.
We haven't yet had time to do that.
Tom asked Mary to walk his dog.
We didn't go to bed until midnight.
Tom is working on his car, isn't he?
We can easily walk there from here.
How did Tom know where the treasure was buried?
This job isn't as easy as it looks.
I wonder why Tom is being so quiet.
This is our last chance to do that.
Tom already knows this.
They were on vacation last October.
Tom asked Mary to talk to John.
They don't sell what you need here.
Tom is working hard today, isn't he?
There's nothing else we want to do.
Are you telling me Tom is the one who did that?
There's nothing else we have to do.
I wonder how long Tom stayed there.
There's nothing else I want to buy.
Tom is wearing a new coat, isn't he?
Leave some cake for the rest of us.
Tom asked Mary to sit with him.
Let's keep this between you and me.
Tom will surely agree.
I told Tom why I went to Australia.
Let's spend the afternoon together.
What would you do if Tom asked you to do that?
Neither of us has to do that today.
It's not likely to be hot tomorrow.
I told Tom why I wanted to do that.
It looks like I came at a bad time.
Tom will likely agree.
It is difficult to separate the wheat from the chaff.
The chaff must be removed from the good wheat.
Good wheat must be separated from the chaff.
The tourists are very noisy.
Garca Lorca's return to Spain in coincided with the fall of the dictatorship of Primo de Rivera and the establishment of the Second Spanish Republic.
Tom goes with his gut.
Is Mars colonizable?
I'm not keeping their photos.
They're tallest.
Why do you arrange your meetings behind closed doors?
The Academy of the Hebrew Language is celebrating its 60th anniversary.
We all had dreams as children.
Ask them to come.
They are entitled to try once again.
The edge of my table is pretty sharp.
You're like a bad penny, Tom.
How many apps do you use?
You can have it. I no longer want it.
Tom will get chewed out by his father.
To many hands in that pot for me.
Don't talk back to your mother when she's scolding you.
You can have it. I don't want it anymore.
I'm going to drop it like a bad habit!
You will want to be at the ceremony, there will be an unexpected slide show.
Tom works as an interpreter.
Tom began hitting me for no reason.
Tom threw a rock at my dog.
That's not a bug.
That's not a bug. It's a feature.
Don't pay any attention to that.
Tom met his wife while he was studying in Australia.
Tom met his wife when he was studying in Australia.
Why didn't you invite Tom to your wedding?
Why did you do that by yourselves?
Why are you so interested in that?
Tom is trying really hard, isn't he?
What's Tom's GPA?
What's Tom's grade point average?
It's snowing hard.
It's snowing heavily.
It's really snowing out there.
It's snowing hard, but it's not sticking all that much yet.
I'd like some sugar.
What's your grade point average?
May we smoke here?
Is it OK if we smoke here?
Is it all right if we smoke here?
I threw the ball to Tom.
I threw Tom the ball.
Tom always talks about work.
I wish Tom wouldn't always talk about work.
What we say, goes.
Love will make men dare to die for their beloved.
Love will make men dare to die for their beloved. Of this Alcestis is a monument for she was willing to lay down her life for her husband and so noble did this appear to the gods that they granted her the privilege of returning to earth.
Love will make men dare to die for their beloved. Of this Alcestis is a monument for she was willing to lay down her life for her husband and so noble did this appear to the gods that they granted her the privilege of returning to earth, but Orpheus, the son of Oeagrus, they sent empty away.
And give me life, but give it in thy song; For only they that die themselves may give Life to the dead: and I would have thee live.
Lay on my cold lips the tender ghost Of the dear kiss that used to warm them most.
Take from my frozen hands thy hands of fire, And of my heart-strings make thee a new lyre, That in thy music men may find my voice, And something of me still on earth rejoice.
Edith Warthon was the first woman to win the Pulitzer Prize for Literature, in 1921.
Orpheus was the son of Apollo and the Muse Calliope. He was presented by his father with a Lyre and taught to play upon it, which he did to such perfection that nothing could withstand the charm of his music.
Hymen had been called to bless with his presence the nuptials of Orpheus with Eurydice; but though he attended, he brought no happy omens with him. His very torch smoked and brought tears into their eyes.
Eurydice, shortly after her marriage, while wandering with the nymphs, her companions, was seen by the shepherd Aristus, who was struck with her beauty and made advances to her. She fled, and in flying trod upon a snake in the grass, was bitten in the foot, and died.
As he sang these tender strains, the very ghosts shed tears.
O deities of the underworld, to whom all we who live must come, hear my words, for they are true.
I come not to spy out the secrets of Tartarus, nor to try my strength against the three-headed dog with snaky hair who guards the entrance.
I come to seek my wife, whose opening years the poisonous viper's fang has brought to an untimely end.
Love has led me here, Love, a god all powerful with us who dwell on the earth.
We all are destined to you and sooner or later must pass to your domain. She too, when she shall have filled her term of life, will rightly be yours. But till then grant her to me, I beseech you.
If you deny me I cannot return alone; you shall triumph in the death of us both.
Tantalus, in spite of his thirst, stopped for a moment his efforts for water, Ixion's wheel stood still, the vulture ceased to tear the giant's liver, the daughters of Danaus rested from their task of drawing water in a sieve, and Sisyphus sat on his rock to listen.
Orpheus was permitted to take her away with him on one condition, that he should not turn around to look at her till they should have reached the upper air.
He fell from the ladder and broke his leg in three places.
Under this condition they proceeded on their way, he leading, she following, through passages dark and steep, in total silence, till they had nearly reached the outlet into the cheerful upper world, when Orpheus, in a moment of forgetfulness, to assure himself that she was still following, cast a glance behind him, when instantly she was borne away.
Stretching out their arms to embrace each other, they grasped only the air!
Dying now a second time, she yet cannot reproach her husband, for how can she blame his impatience to behold her?
"Farewell," she said, "a last farewell,"--and was hurried away, so fast that the sound hardly reached his ears.
The weapon, as soon as it came within the sound of his lyre, fell harmless at his feet. So did also the stones that they threw at him. But the women raised a scream and drowned the voice of the music, and then the missiles reached him and soon were stained with his blood.
The maniacs tore him limb from limb, and threw his head and his lyre into the river Hebrus, down which they floated, murmuring sad music, to which the shores responded a plaintive symphony.
The Muses gathered up the fragments of his body and buried them at Libethra, where the nightingale is said to sing over his grave more sweetly than in any other part of Greece
His lyre was placed by Jupiter among the stars.
His shade passed a second time to Tartarus, where he sought out his Eurydice and embraced her with eager arms.
They roam the happy fields together now, sometimes he leading, sometimes she; and Orpheus gazes as much as he will upon her, no longer incurring a penalty for a thoughtless glance.
Be careful! There seems to be a break in the ice and I don't want you to fall in.
His hairline is receding. He'll end up bald like his father and grandfather.
Orpheus with his lute made trees and the mountain tops that freeze bow themselves when he did sing.
The little boy with a dimple in his chin is so cute!
To his music plants and flowers ever sprung; as sun and showers there had made a lasting spring.
Every thing that heard him play, even the billows of the sea, hung their heads, and then lay by.
In sweet music is such art, killing care and grief of heart.
She read that large book from cover to cover in just two hours!
As Esperanto evolves, some of the awkward compound verb forms are being replaced by simpler ones.
I have always relied on mnemonics to remember surnames and historical events.
Tom likes to watch movies.
Tom likes to listen to music.
Here in Quebec, when spring arrives, the melting snow creates lots of slush.
Shortly after she retired, she joined a hiking club and now spends a lot of time outdoors.
Esperanto is easy to learn but just as difficult to master as any natural language.
The car made a left turn.
What is time?
Tom travelled back in time.
Tom travelled into the future.
Tom has a time machine.
Tom built a time machine.
Clocks measure time.
Clocks keep track of time.
Atomic clocks are very accurate.
Tom wound up his watch.
Tom has a mechanical watch.
Tom has a quartz watch.
What is the difference between empathy and sympathy?
Time is not absolute.
The passage of time depends on the observer's frame of reference.
Well, what do you think?
Tom was desperate for attention.
Mary was desperate for attention.
Tom grabbed him by the collar.
Tom scribbled down a note.
I'm officially freaking out now.
I was officially freaking out.
Everybody was freaking out.
Everyone was freaking out.
Tom dropped off the kids at school.
Tom dropped the kids off at school.
There is a heated debate about the number of people who speak Esperanto. Some think it's in the millions, others think it's in the thousands.
Mary dropped off the kids at school.
Tom dropped the kids off at soccer practice.
Tom is at soccer practice.
Tom picked up the kids after soccer practice.
The grammar of English is Germanic, but its vocabulary is mostly Latinate.
Most millennials have never taken a bath in a tub.
Because of a severe water shortage, the Australian government issued instructions explaining how to take a shower in five minutes.
Louis XIV had gum disease, rotten teeth and very bad breath. Oh, when I think about those poor mistresses!
Tom posted a picture of himself with his shirt off.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary actually liked him.
I can hear it. What are you, years old? Grow up, dumbass.
Is there a difference between graphic novels and comic books?
I had to spend a lot of money, but the reaction will be priceless.
How many years of study are required to become a certified midwife?
The lifesaver failed to save the drowning child.
Do you know the person who is scheduled to give the next lecture?
When you lecture, don't keep your eyes glued to your notes. Look up from time to time at your audience.
Students of English who speak a Romance language have a lot of trouble learning and understanding phrasal verbs.
Of course adults can acquire a native-like accent. Opera singers and actors do it all the time.
The book "Fluent Forever" has revolutionized the approach one should take in learning a foreign language.
A recent study shows that we process images 60,times faster than text.
I don't remember. Did she say that her husband was giving a lecture, had given one or was going to give one?
Because Esperanto is a completely phonetic language, misspellings are virtually non-existent.
However smart he was, Aristotle had some weird ideas about the female body.
I believe that no avowed atheist has ever held public office in the United States.
Revelation is always first-person. For everyone else, it's heresay.
Why be afraid of robots? Since humans invent them, humans can control them.
Freedom of religion should always be thought of as freedom from religion.
Gasp, laughter and screaming filled the room. Smile, MIC drop, chuckle as he walked off stage.
Pandas love bamboo.
Baby pandas are cute.
The panda is eating bamboo.
Tom woke up hours later.
Tom woke up hours later.
That's disrespectful.
Tom changed his profile picture.
With whom did you see the movie "The Thing"?
Why do guys care so much about what girls think?
Why do girls care so much about what guys think?
Is "The Fly" a good movie?
Girls think a lot about boys.
Boys think a lot about girls.
I flipped through the card catalogue until I found the book I was looking for.
Their clothes were blue, ours were white.
That rule does not apply in this situation.
Would you kindly speak a little softer?
She gave him a ton of money.
Do you know when the movie "Star Wars" begins?
What is the nationality of your parents? They are Mexican.
I strongly oppose that project.
Do you know when the movie "Guardians of the Galaxy" ends?
He left and never came back.
He left never to return.
Im off to bed in just a little while.
Jugurtha was an Amazigh king.
There's broken glass all over the floor.
Jugurtha was born in Cirta.
Jugurtha was a king of Numidia.
We must proceed with caution. Any mistake we make could prove irreparable.
I've been told that they were ill.
Put on your pants!
There was a time when reptiles ruled the world.
There are many ways to achieve the goal.
The dog picked up the scent.
I am the opposite of an atheist. Atheists don't see God in anything. I see Him in everything.
I've already told you this ten times.
When he was a child, he adored his father.
Mary didn't want to take part in the discussion.
Are you walking in my shoes?
What a funny guy!
When one presses this button, the curtain opens automatically.
The Berbers live in North Africa.
That's what happens when one tells the truth!
Theres nothing else to do but wait.
We should love one another.
Berbers love their language.
He quickly adapted to his new surroundings.
I am reading a book in Berber.
May I know the reason why?
I'm buying flowers because I'm going to visit my grandmother this evening.
Johnny Depp is my favorite actor.
"You liar!" she spurted out. "You wretched liar!"
It was a catastrophe for me.
Jugurtha was a Berber king.
Marriage is more than a marriage certificate.
Unfortunately, his new song was not enthusiastically received by his fans.
I am not in danger, I am the danger.
Breaking Bad is my favorite series.
He strikes me as being in good health.
It's your right to question my intentions, but I assure you that I'm an honest person.
We are all united in friendship.
In his twenties, George Washington began losing one tooth about every year. When he was inaugurated as president, he had only one natural tooth left.
The Godfather is my favorite movie.
Titanic is my favorite movie.
Matrix, Inception and Interstellar are my favorite movies.
Idir is my favorite Berber singer.
Patience, patience! Everything will get better.
Be patient, be patient. Things will get better.
Dark is the best German series.
Mary is lying to me.
Mary suddenly stood up.
La Casa De Papel is the best Spanish series.
Tom saw Masha.
Tom saw Maria.
You already know that.
"What did you bring me?" "I brought you a gift."
We have a huge problem. Its the money we lack.
We're not going to take a nap.
She doesnt have a television set, but from time to time, she watches things on her computer.
She has a crush on you.
Be careful about following unsolicited advice.
Soon I will be taking leave of high society.
Home is not where you reside but where you are understood.
Tickets will go on sale next Tuesday.
I have a lot to do. Otherwise I would accept your invitation.
She makes her father proud.
I don't know anything at all about that.
I promised it to her.
His way of speaking gets on my nerves.
Today Esperanto celebrates its 125th birthday.
In the downtown area, all traffic has come to a standstill.
Everyone creates his own destiny.
Although the catastrophe which beset us was foreseeable, no one did anything to prevent it before it occurred.
The grandmother hugged her little grandson and gave him a tender kiss.
Is it OK to smoke here?
Would you please speak a little quieter?
Would you please speak a little louder?
Could you please speak a little louder?
I wonder what Tom did for Mary.
Tom is now a busy man.
Would I be arrested if I did that?
I can't allow Tom to do that today.
You could've done that yourselves.
Are the rumors true?
I would trust Tom with my life.
I didn't take a nap this afternoon like I usually do.
Do you usually take an afternoon nap?
Tom can't talk to you now.
Tom isn't as poor as most people think.
Tom isn't as poor as most people assume he is.
Tom is a really good farmer.
They are crazy.
I went to bed.
I have nausea.
I got closer.
You were approaching.
He was approaching.
She was approaching.
Are they hard of hearing?
We excused each other.
She had nausea.
She screams.
She is exhausted.
Has he eaten?
He wanders.
It is a mistake!
It's not worth it!
You vomitted?
Tom has an orange tree in his backyard.
Tom has a lemon tree in his backyard.
It's theirs.
Tom has an apple tree in his backyard.
Tom has a tree in his backyard.
Is it edible?
They are surprised.
The Czech choir of chemists echoes chaotically.
Tom wasn't as rich back then.
I've already forgotten what you told me I should do.
I've already forgotten where you told me you wanted me to meet you.
I've already forgotten why you said we were supposed to do this.
I've already forgotten your name.
I've already forgotten what time you said the meeting was going to start.
"All right, see you tomorrow!" "See you!"
There were a lot of shoppers in this store.
You need to be fun.
It needs to be fun.
Forecasting is the art of saying what will happen, and then explaining why it didn't.
Tom has a pear tree in his backyard.
Tom has a peach tree in his backyard.
Tom has a large peach tree in his backyard.
Tom has a small peach tree in his backyard.
Matoub Lounes was an Algerian Berber activist.
Algeria has two official languages: Arabic and Berber.
Berbers are called "Imazighen" in Berber language.
"People's Democratic Republic of Algeria" is the official name of Algeria.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect of Kabylie.
Are we going out again?
Holy Friday is the Friday before Easter.
I am collecting money to save the sea turtles.
It's too soon to draw conclusions.
Do you want me to explain to you how that works?
My legs are still shaking.
I didn't understand that either.
I am painting that wall red.
The ground is very wet.
I can speak Papiamento.
In Kabylie, which is a mountainous region in the northeast of Algeria, they speak Kabyle, which is a Berber dialect.
I can't find the shovel.
The situation is getting worse by the day.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect which is spoken in a mountainous region of Kabylie, in the north-east of Algeria.
The biggest threat to democracy in the United States is voter suppression.
Algeria's flag has three colors : Green, White and red.
Tom wants to learn Berber because he likes it so much.
Sami is Berber but he can't speak Berber.
Never give up trying.
Once known as a concrete jungle, the city has changed its look.
He wasn't inclined to be patient.
Does Mary know how to dance?
Translate the sentence into Esperanto.
"Do you have the key?" "Yes, I have it."
The majority of his friends are girls.
I will spend two months in London.
Tom is one hard bastard.
We have a huge problem: the lack of money.
Home is not where you live, but where you are with people who understand you.
Tom has three trees in his backyard.
Tom has three apple trees in his front yard.
Tom isn't a superstar.
You handled yourselves well today.
Why do you think Tom wanted me to do that?
You have to do that by yourselves.
Mary is devoted to her husband.
You missed your chance to do that.
If you don't think the party is going to be any fun, then I don't want to go.
If you don't think the party is going to be any fun, why are you planning to go to it?
That's just like you.
Prepare yourself for the worst.
I got down to work.
I don't know how you stayed in that job all this time.
Do you have swelling in your legs only in the evening?
I want this jacket.
Tom rents out rooms to university students.
Mary wants to become a simultaneous interpreter.
He was willing and able to pay the debt in less than years to avoid interest.
I'd like this jacket.
Has anyone been hurt?
Has anybody been hurt?
Did anyone get hurt?
Did anyone get injured?
Did anybody get injured?
Tom wants to become a simultaneous interpreter.
You need to do that by yourselves.
I didn't believe anything Tom said.
You only have yourselves to blame.
Why do you think Tom wanted us to do that?
How has your life been different than your father's?
The tea is too hot.
She began to play an old song.
Did you go to the concert last Sunday?
The pencil is on the desk.
She has five brothers.
There's a pencil on my desk that you can use.
There's a pencil on my desk you can use.
They were washing the sand off their feet.
Tom and Mary ordered steaks.
Tom is a jazz singer in Boston.
When your mother is ranting, you don't talk back to her.
You're observing me.
You're watching me.
Who needs me there?
Your wish is easy to fulfill.
They say dogs hear better than we do. Is that true?
He hasn't sharpened the knives.
Is your friend by any chance in town?
That isn't their fault.
We should be devoted to our loved ones always.
Sorry, I've already forgotten your name.
"Sorry, I've already forgotten your name." "It's Tom."
During full moon, anything can happen.
I'm afraid to say that Tom can't talk to you now.
Tom is now a business man.
Tom is a German teacher now.
Tom is a dentist now.
Is it OK to sit here?
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are playing volleyball.
Have you ever been in Australia?
I told Tom why I didn't want to do that.
Clarissa is wearing the coat I gave her.
You should not discriminate against people based on their sex.
Here's your one chance, Fancey. Don't let me down.
You owe it to yourself to do that.
Tom is trying to scare us, isn't he?
You owe it to yourselves to do it.
Mary is older than her husband.
You seem to know a lot about this.
Tom left home at noon.
How did you like my house?
I didn't expect Tom to do anything.
You won't get a chance to do that.
Do you know why Tom wasn't there yesterday?
You'll have to do that yourselves.
Tom is used to doing that, isn't he?
You're making fools of yourselves.
Tom always does what Mary does.
What did you think of Tom's house?
What did you think of my house?
Tom offered to lend some money to me.
Tom was the last one to finish eating.
Tom was the last one to say he'd help.
He's always threatening to abandon Esperanto.
We found footprints in the sand.
You are a creative individual.
I flatly refused.
They're observing me.
Angels have two wings, the Cursed One has a tail.
The room has a minimum capacity of and maximum capacity of 230.
Allow me to offer you a toast.
I am not threatening you.
Many of his interpretations miss the point.
There is some truth to every rumor.
We're fortunate to have air conditioning.
The school is farther away than the station.
Should I leave right now?
She gave me a sheet of paper.
May I use the telephone from time to time?
It's hard for me, but I must discuss it.
Twenty years have gone by and my German is not what it used to be.
He was the brain behind the plot.
Friends are more important than relatives.
I found the bicycle that had disappeared.
This morning the telephone woke me up.
If you give me a book, I'll read it.
I'm from North Brabant.
I'm from Zeeland.
I'm from Utrecht.
I'm from Flevoland.
I'm from Limburg.
I'm from Overijssel.
I'm from Gelderland.
I'm from Drenthe.
I'm from Groningen.
I'm from Friesland.
I'm from South Holland.
I'm from North Holland.
I have lost weight.
Are you really enjoying yourselves?
Can I stay with you for a few days?
I didn't want Tom involved in this.
Construction will begin in October.
How many times has Tom done that this week?
Why is everyone so happy?
Why is everybody so happy?
Why is everyone so sad?
Why is everybody so sad?
Is the grizzly the biggest bear in the world?
Is the grizzly the largest bear in the world?
"How did it go?" "It went well."
If Tom finds out, he'll be furious.
If Mary finds out, she'll be furious.
Tom wants to see you in his office.
The director wants to see you in his office.
Tom may be on to something.
Yesterday, they were in our garden.
Oh Tom, can you ever forgive me?
I haven't talked to him for quite some time.
I haven't talked to Tom for quite some time.
I haven't talked to Tom in a long time.
People form society.
Do the oxen bellow when their mangers are full?
I like photography.
I enjoy photography.
George H. W. Bush took way too long to die.
George H. W. Bush was a war criminal responsible for bombing retreating soldiers, many of whom were conscripts.
George H. W. Bush ignored the AIDS epidemic during his entire term as Vice President. As President he paid lip service to it while refusing to do anything material to combat it.
George H. W. Bush didn't die soon enough.
May I stay with you for a few days?
That's my two cents.
Time has extinguished the memory of these facts.
George H. W. Bush had no respect for the dead whatsoever.
As CIA Director, George H. W. Bush oversaw U.S. assistance to Operation Condor, a state terrorism campaign coordinated between six far-right dictatorships in South America.
They are not coming back.
We didn't eat dinner.
What is the dish of the day?
She is scared to death.
He didn't go because he is sick.
This boy sleeps a lot.
Will you have time later?
The sun has restored color to his face.
I am worthless in English.
Could I please talk to Mr. Jackson?
Tom is very absent-minded, isn't he?
Did you enjoy yourselves yesterday?
Tom and Mary are a bit puzzled.
Do you have an iron I could borrow?
Tom looked in his bag.
I like to eat seasonal fruit.
We referred to divorce.
Who went out?
He lived in misery.
In the end, everything is fine. Otherwise it's not the end!
It's a good thing to read many books.
Massinissa is said to have long hair.
Kabyle is your light.
They ate hot peppers.
For health reasons, you must shower before entering the pool.
It would be better to go by train.
She wasn't in love.
I wasn't in love.
Is this is your money?
Last night, it snowed a lot.
I just shouted.
How do you know she's sick?
I bathed in the sea.
Enter your name in the header.
Tomorrow, my wife is finally coming to Italy.
Someone stands at the door. Go see who it is!
Make them take care of you.
This is your last question?
Has your god come in peace?
It would be good if you ate it.
We will eat the grapes when the bell strikes midnight.
The house isn't cold.
I went where I was ordered.
I don't know when he'll come back from Paris.
Why do I always stumble through life like this?
Getting sexually harassed by that teacher is seriously disgusting.
I'm going to work part-time at a convenience store.
Sorry, did I say something wrong?
Since the next event will be cold, please dress warmly.
Even though it has to be a dream, it doesn't seem like it.
Excuse me, I'd like a double scoop of mint chocolate chip and orange sherbet in a regular-size cone please.
Sorry, I won't do it again, so forgive me.
Do you have apple pie?
Doing that will take too much time.
I didn't want Tom to do that alone.
Doing that wouldn't be appropriate.
How many times has Tom done that this year?
Don't take yourselves so seriously.
Tom is very conscientious, isn't he?
That's not what you need to think about now.
Don't trust anybody but yourselves.
Tom and Mary are afraid of you.
Don't try to do that by yourselves.
Tom loves his new job.
I stayed home last night doing that.
We got it for Tom.
It took me three hours to finish the essay.
It seems that you're very happy today.
It seems you're very happy today.
It seems like you're very happy today.
I'd like to exchange this shirt that I bought yesterday.
I'd like to exchange this shirt I bought yesterday.
It looks like Tom has a lot of friends.
It's obvious that Tom's right.
It won't be easy to find somebody to do that.
It'll be easy to find somebody to do that.
We have a daughter who is married to a Canadian.
Anar is the God of rain.
I came alone, as we agreed.
Their storm cellar tended to flood, so they never kept anything valuable down there.
She construes social unrest as the reason for the collapse of the empire.
What reasoning could underlie their latest decision?
I can't imagine that such transactions would predominate in a truly free market.
The airport tax constitutes a substantial fraction of the price of the ticket.
It was the world's first solar-powered desalination plant.
That's not an auroch. It's a modern cow.
After the accident, he was physically challenged by even a single stair.
Check the expiration date of that juice before you drink it.
Disseminating knowledge is not the mission of the website.
That's the word I was trying to find.
'Thou shall' and 'thou shall not' represent an outmoded concept of morality that has, arguably, been superseded by individual liberty.
I don't want her to sleep rough.
I must buy an agenda.
Why is there a white line in the middle of the road?
Go get yourselves something to eat.
I didn't want to tell Tom about it.
How many classes do you have a day?
Was Tom the one who told you what happened?
How many hours a week do you teach?
Tom is just thinking of himself.
Tom will be moving back to Australia.
Tom and Mary became very close.
It's a hailstorm.
It's a stormy day.
I wasn't born with a golden spoon in my mouth.
This is truely a sad tale...She sold her soul long ago. Though always accompanied she will always be alone. For she has no loyalty save one, her youngest. He too will see the shape shifter when the light comes on. The damage will be irreversible and un-repairable. His fate is that of his father. Both caused by the wickedness that lies within her. The puppet master will rejoice for she will have no other but him. That was his plan, knowing she could not see more than two steps forward.
In the end he will have his wish, if nothing more than a shell remains. The dark path forward will leave her empty and numb with memories, no dreams of what once was and shall never be again.
She showed us her mother's picture.
He's a feminist.
Of course he passed the test.
She built a new house.
Unable to feel anything that resembled life, the mind and soul left her behind.
With nothing left, there is nothing more.
He told her just three years but her lifeless life sentence started long before.
There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after.
Rejoice, O young man, in thy youth; and let thy heart cheer thee in the days of thy youth, and walk in the ways of thine heart, and in the sight of thine eyes: but know thou, that for all these things God will bring thee into judgment. Therefore remove sorrow from thy heart, and put away evil from thy flesh: for childhood and youth are vanity.
The car he bought is black.
He doesn't go outside at night.
You did everything?
I will start the movie at 4:30. It should be over by 6:30.
Why this destruction?
There is no little enemy.
Time is the enemy.
Stop making stupid people famous.
I haven't been outside in a long time.
He'll wait for you to finish your work.
He acts like the wicked witch in fairy tales.
A study showed that eating too fast contributes to obesity.
She blew out every candle on her birthday cake.
The remark was not directed to you.
The head of the company blames the employees for the bankruptcy.
A tree that doesn't produce fruit does however provide shade.
She tilted her head and focused her big eyes on me.
His intention was to be funny, but he only exposed himself to ridicule.
Tell them that they should give them to me.
You have never requested that of me.
A friend is one who, knowing all your secrets, still likes you.
Are they Nigerian?
Your goal is to control and humiliate others.
Over the past months, I have exhausted every possibility.
Most often he talked and talked while smoking one cigarette after another.
Lift up the baby for me.
It's really too early.
Roll the snowball over to me.
He proceeds with caution.
Last year, we came to Phoenix.
I must be at the library by 4:30, or I won't get the book I want. I should leave now.
They came to see me.
Tom, do you like me?
Give me the cat!
I got this snowball rolling.
I set off home, crawling.
I set off for Flagstaff.
The little boy brought a snake into the hogan.
Ken went into the hogan.
I took the puppy to my grandmother's house.
We'll get there tomorrow.
The boy put a frog in the teacher's purse.
I put the rope in the box.
She's taking the baby to the clinic.
She ignored the fact that he was ill.
This work is not suitable for young women.
I made it before they closed. But my book was not here?
I was really looking forward to some light reading.
In the poet, painter, musician and jurist, E.T.A. Hoffmann, died in Berlin.
I think that you should buy yourself a new ladder.
This is written in Arabic.
Sit down at the table already!
The invitation is open.
That's too bad. I really would love to see you.
I'm too old.
Every morning Tom goes for a walk with his dog.
Before I could jump into the boat, it was already a meter from shore.
These are his books.
He came to this decision on his own.
I checked twice.
In this word, the accent falls on the last syllable.
How can I install WhatsApp on my cellphone?
A guard is standing outside.
I need to talk to her.
I need to learn German.
I have to learn German.
This is the best path to pursue.
If one considers that he has being learning the language for only two years, his English is not that bad.
I need to learn much more.
I need to be more patient.
I need to study Italian.
I admit that I was mistaken.
I admit I was mistaken.
Tom is very different now, isn't he?
How much do dental assistants make?
Tom and Mary are both mistaken.
I almost didn't graduate this year.
Tom seemed very angry.
I already have three grandchildren.
I don't know when Tom will show up.
I can live with the way things are.
Was Tom the one who told you where I lived?
I can't afford to take any chances.
When did Mary buy that skirt?
I need to take my medicine.
I saw Tom playing banjo by the river.
I think you should buy yourself a new ladder.
I've got something that I really have to do.
I've got something I really have to do.
When I wear a mask, my glasses get steamed up.
When I wear a mask, my glasses fog up.
Please take a number and wait.
A long time ago, people had very short lifespans.
A long time ago, people didn't live very long.
Tom outlived three of his children.
Tom is very good at chess, isn't he?
I can't answer the phone right now.
I can't do anything about that now.
Tom stays home all day.
I can't pay you what you're asking.
I don't know where Tom bought that.
I can't quite see what's happening.
Was Tom the one who told you where to park?
I told Tom to come to Australia.
Tom traveled into the future.
I work part-time at a convenience store.
This morning, I was woken up by the telephone.
I haven't been outside long.
I can't remember where we did that.
Tom is very good at poker, isn't he?
I can't talk to you about that now.
Tom swam to the shore.
I can't wait to see you guys again.
I don't think Tom liked the picnic.
I did that every weekend last year.
The dragon is a fictional creature.
Don't worry too much about that.
Smile and be happy.
Don't worry about things that may not happen.
Don't worry about things that may never happen.
Tom takes good care of his tools.
I won't tell. I promise.
Tom loves his tools.
Don't pay any attention to her.
He carries a lot on his shoulders.
I don't know where you learn these things.
Tom went on talking as if Mary wasn't there.
What did I do to deserve such treatment?
It worked flawlessly.
It's his fault, not mine.
She'll pick up Tom after classes.
An update is available.
Tom updated his computer.
It wouldn't be the first time.
I always knew it would happen one time or another.
I always knew it would happen eventually.
Tom had always known that it would happen.
Tom had always known that it would happen eventually.
Did you have pleasant dreams?
Maria lay down on a fold out bed.
Where did you learn Portuguese?
Tom works at a ski resort.
Tom works at a ski resort. He's in charge of making the snow.
Tom works at a ski resort. He's in charge of making the snowmen.
Tom and Mary made a snowman.
What are you doing in this place?
Tom watched the hours tick by.
Mary is enigmatic.
Tom is enigmatic.
A spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down.
I'm just happy to be here with you.
I intend to buy my wife a gold bracelet.
I think we are still too young.
Tomorrow morning I'm going hunting. Do you want to come with me?
Everything seemed fine at first.
I'm embarrassed to ask, but may I please use your bathroom?
I'm feeling very guilty now.
It's a wire cage.
Well, who is Tom's girlfriend?
Men also know how to fake it.
All I ask of you is a little patience.
They found my conduct unnatural.
Be fair with everyone, even your enemies.
Tom asked me if I could draw him a map.
If the world was going to end tomorrow, what would you do?
What would you do if this was your last day on Earth?
Her sudden decision to leave the country surprised everyone.
What would you do if the world was ending tomorrow?
What would you do if the world was about to end?
You're going on a bike ride.
The past is the present, isn't it? It's the future, too. We all try to lie out of that but life won't let us.
If a person is to get the meaning of life he must learn to like the facts about himself - ugly as they may seem to his sentimental vanity - before he can learn the truth behind the facts. And the truth is never ugly.
Look! Isn't it beautiful beyond the hills?
It's just Beauty that's calling me, the beauty of the far off and unknown, the mystery and spell of the East which lures me in the books I've read, the need of the freedom of great wide spaces, the joy of wandering on and on  in quest of the secret which is hidden over there, beyond the horizon.
We'd be making sail in the dawn, with a fair breeze, singing a chanty song wid no care to it. And astern the land would be sinking low and dying out, but we'd give it no heed but a laugh, and never look behind.
Man is born broken. He lives by mending. The grace of God is glue!
Why don't you sleep now?
Freedom demands initiative, courage, the need to decide what life must mean to oneself.
The English and the Japanese drive cars with the steering wheel on the right side.
I suppose life has made him like that, and he can't help it. None of us can help the things life has done to us. They're done before you realize it, and once they're done they make you do other things until at last everything comes between you and what you'd like to be, and you've lost your true self forever.
I really love fog. It hides you from the world and the world from you.
It wasn't the fog I minded, Cathleen. I really love fog. It hides you from the world and the world from you. You feel that everything has changed, and nothing is what it seemed to be. No one can find or touch you any more. Its the foghorn I hate. It won't let you alone. It keeps reminding you, and warning you, and calling you back.
How thick the fog is. I can't see the road. All the people in the world could pass by and I would never know. I wish it was always that way.
Yesterday I enjoyed watching a soccer match.
I haven't touched a piano in many years.
I fell in love with Tom and was so happy for a time.
I fell in love with Mary and was so happy for a time.
None of us can help the things life has done to us. They're done before you realize it, and once they're done they make you do other things until at last everything comes between you and what you'd like to be, and you've lost your true self forever.
You are the person who best fits the position.
I listen to people talking about this universal breakdown we are in and I marvel at their stupid cowardice.
They have lost the ideal of the Land of the Free. Freedom demands initiative, courage, the need to decide what life must mean to oneself. To them, that is terror.
I will ask you one last time.
Why would you even think that?
Tom is popular with girls.
Mary is popular with boys.
Mary knitted a scarf.
Is it a present for Tom?
Is it a present for Mary?
It's a present for Tom, isn't it?
Long Day's Journey into Night is considered to be Eugene O'Neill's magnum opus.
The programmer couldnt find the bug.
Tom couldnt find the bug.
The programmer found the bug.
Tom found the bug.
Why don't you just tell him how you feel?
Why don't you just tell her how you feel?
Is there room for me?
Tom changed his appearance drastically.
I like to keep the TV on for background noise.
John is at Window Rock.
John made a trip to Gallup.
He carried Jill up.
Jill carried him up.
I drink coffee when I get up.
I need to buy a house for me and my wife.
I always go outdoors in the morning.
I wish it would rain!
I hope it doesn't rain!
I rolled the ball into the mud.
I studied Inuktitut some time ago.
I bought a house recently.
I need to buy more pens.
He's quick to anger.
She is intimidated by all of us.
Can you meet with me?
She called you yesterday.
You wrote to me last week by e-mail.
I am going to Gjoa Haven.
You are on top of the car.
He is going shopping.
The dog is behind the house.
We are on our way to Kimmirut.
Yesterday he went caribou hunting.
We just arrived.
I'd do it myself, but I'm busy.
I'd do it myself, but I'm a little busy right now.
The room number's on the key.
The room number is on the key.
Tom forgot where he had parked his car.
I don't want to involve Tom at this point.
I don't want to involve Tom.
Mary was invited to the ball.
Tom was invited to the ball.
Tom was not invited to the ball.
It's an invitation to the royal ball.
Mary was invited to the royal ball.
Tom has a flair for the dramatic.
Mary has a flair for the dramatic.
The last gleam of the sun is dying away.
It seems as if the barren fields are shivering with cold.
It seemed as if the barren fields were shivering with cold.
The neighboring chimneys send out puffs of smoke.
The neighboring chimneys send out puffs of smoke, which are swiftly whirled away by the icy north wind that leaves some snow-flakes in exchange.
The startled black-bird chirps complainingly from her perch on the wall.
The blackbird calls anxiously to her mate from the top of an apple-tree.
Mademoiselle, Allow me very gratefully but firmly to refuse your kind invitation.
You doubtless mean well; but your ideas are unhappily mistaken.
Let us understand one another once and for all.
When the Child of Nazareth was born, the sun, according to the Bosnian legend, leaped in the heavens, and the stars around it danced.
A peace came over mountain and forest.
Even the rotten stump stood straight and healthy on the green hill-side.
Tom had a stroke of good luck.
It is naught but an old folk-tale.
It is naught but an old folk-tale, but it has truth hidden at its heart.
When the Three Wise Men rode from the East into the West on that "first, best Christmas night," they bore on their saddle-bows three caskets filled with gold and frankincense and myrrh, to be laid at the feet of the manger-cradled babe of Bethlehem.
Beginning with this old, old journey, the spirit of giving crept into the world's heart.
As the Magi came bearing gifts, so do we also; gifts that relieve want, gifts that are sweet and fragrant with friendship, gifts that breathe love, gifts that mean service, gifts inspired still by the star that shone over the City of David nearly two thousand years ago.
Then hang the green coronet of the Christmas-tree with glittering baubles and jewels of flame; heap offerings on its emerald branches; bring the Yule log to the firing; deck the house with holly and mistletoe, "And all the bells on earth shall ring On Christmas day in the morning."
Have you heard of the great Forest of Burzee?
The Forest of Burzee is mighty and grand and awesome to those who steal beneath its shade.
Coming from the sunlit meadows into the forest's mazes, it seems at first gloomy, then pleasant, and afterward filled with never-ending delights.
For hundreds of years the forest has flourished in all its magnificence, the silence of its inclosure unbroken save by the chirp of busy chipmunks, the growl of wild beasts and the songs of birds.
Yet Burzee has its inhabitants. Nature peopled it in the beginning with Fairies, Knooks, Ryls and Nymphs.
As long as the Forest stands it will be a home, a refuge and a playground to these sweet immortals, who revel undisturbed in its depths.
Civilization has never yet reached Burzee. Will it ever, I wonder?
Have you heard of the great Forest of Burzee? Nurse used to sing of it when I was a child. She sang of the big tree-trunks, standing close together, with their roots intertwining below the earth and their branches intertwining above it; of their rough coating of bark and queer, gnarled limbs; of the bushy foliage that roofed the entire forest, save where the sunbeams found a path through which to touch the ground in little spots and to cast weird and curious shadows over the mosses, the lichens and the drifts of dried leaves.
Once, so long ago our great-grandfathers could scarcely have heard it mentioned, there lived within the great Forest of Burzee a wood-nymph named Necile.
She was closely related to the mighty Queen Zurline, and her home was beneath the shade of a widespreading oak.
Once every year, on Budding Day, when the trees put forth their new buds, Necile held the Golden Chalice of Ak to the lips of the Queen, who drank therefrom to the prosperity of the Forest.
She was a nymph of some importance, and, moreover, it is said she was highly regarded because of her beauty and grace.
It was long ago when the world was new and nymphs were needed to guard the forests and to minister to the wants of the young trees.
Then, on some day not remembered, Necile sprang into being; radiant, lovely, straight and slim as the sapling she was created to guard.
Her hair was the color that lines a chestnut-bur.
Her eyes were blue in the sunlight and purple in the shade.
Her cheeks bloomed with the faint pink that edges the clouds at sunset.
Her lips were full red, pouting and sweet.
For costume, she adopted oak-leaf green.
All the wood-nymphs dress in that color and know no other so desirable.
Her dainty feet were sandal-clad, while her head remained bare of covering other than her silken tresses.
Necile's duties were few and simple.
She kept hurtful weeds from growing beneath her trees and sapping the earth-food required by her charges.
She frightened away the Gadgols, who took evil delight in flying against the tree-trunks and wounding them so that they drooped and died from the poisonous contact.
In dry seasons she carried water from the brooks and pools and moistened the roots of her thirsty dependents.
The weeds learned to avoid the forests where wood-nymphs dwelt.
The loathsome Gadgols no longer dared come nigh.
The trees had become old and sturdy and could bear the drought better than when fresh-sprouted.
Succeeding years became more tiresome and uneventful than the nymph's joyous spirit loved.
The forest-dwellers did not lack amusement.
Each full moon they danced in the Royal Circle of the Queen.
There were also the Feast of Nuts, the Jubilee of Autumn Tintings, the solemn ceremony of Leaf Shedding and the revelry of Budding Day. But these periods of enjoyment were far apart, and left many weary hours between.
But when once she had settled in her mind that life was irksome she had no patience with her condition, and longed to do something of real interest and to pass her days in ways hitherto undreamed of by forest nymphs.
The Law of the Forest alone restrained her from going forth in search of adventure.
Ak is the Master Woodsman of the world; he sees everything, and knows more than the sons of men.
"We live so happily, my fair ones, in our forest glades," said Ak, stroking his grizzled beard thoughtfully, "that we know nothing of the sorrow and misery that fall to the lot of those poor mortals who inhabit the open spaces of the earth."
Often as I pass by the dwelling of some suffering mortal I am tempted to stop and banish the poor thing's misery. Yet suffering, in moderation, is the natural lot of mortals, and it is not our place to interfere with the laws of Nature.
Not long ago, I found four poor children huddled in a wooden hut, slowly freezing to death.
Their parents had gone to a neighboring village for food, and had left a fire to warm their little ones while they were absent. But a storm arose and drifted the snow in their path, so they were long on the road.
In the meantime, the fire went out and the frost crept into the bones of the waiting children.
"Poor things!" murmured the Queen softly. "What did you do?"
I called Nelko, bidding him fetch wood from my forests and breathe upon it until the fire blazed again and warmed the little room where the children lay. Then they ceased shivering and fell asleep until their parents came.
"I am glad you did thus," said the good Queen.
Necile, who had eagerly listened to every word, echoed in a whisper: "I, too, am glad!"
I looked about me and found, close to the forest, a helpless babe, lying quite naked upon the grasses and wailing piteously.
Not far away, screened by the forest, crouched Shiegra, the lioness, intent upon devouring the infant for her evening meal.
"And what did you do, Ak?" asked the Queen, breathlessly.
I commanded Shiegra to lie close to the babe, and to give it her milk to quiet its hunger. And I told her to send word throughout the forest, to all beasts and reptiles, that the child should not be harmed.
"I am glad you did thus," said the good Queen again, in a tone of relief.
The nymph, filled with a strange resolve, had suddenly stolen away from the group.
Swiftly, her lithe form darted through the forest paths until she reached the edge of the forest.
Never until now had she ventured so far.
Necile knew she was breaking the Law, but the thought did not give pause to her dainty feet.
She had decided to see with her own eyes this infant Ak had told of, for she had never yet beheld a child of man.
All the immortals are full-grown; there are no children among them.
Peering through the trees, Necile saw the child lying on the grass.
The child was sleeping sweetly.
The babe was newborn, chubby and pink.
The child was entirely helpless.
While the nymph gazed, the infant opened its eyes, smiled upon her, and stretched out two dimpled arms.
In another instant, Necile had caught the infant to her breast and was hurrying with it through the forest paths.
"There is a strange presence in the Forest," he declared.
Then the Queen and her nymphs turned and saw standing before them Necile, with the sleeping infant clasped tightly in her arms and a defiant look in her deep blue eyes.
"Let me keep the child!" she answered, beginning to tremble and falling on her knees in supplication.
What is your desire, Necile?
Ak, as was his habit when in thought, stroked his grizzled beard slowly.
The nymphs clustered around her and the child that lay asleep in her lap, with expressions of curiosity and delight.
"What shall we call him, Necile?" she asked, smiling. "He must have a name, you know."
He must have a name, you know.
"Let him be called Claus," answered Necile.
Tom traveled the whole world.
Tom was asked to return.
The nymphs clapped their hands in delight.
Necile gathered the softest moss in all the forest for Claus to lie upon.
His thoughts and words were sweet and gentle, for the nymphs knew no evil and their hearts were pure and loving.
The Ryls are required to watch over the flowers and plants, as the nymphs watch over the forest trees.
The brilliant colors possessed by the full-blown flowers are due to the dyes placed in the soil by the Ryls, which are drawn through the little veins in the roots and the body of the plants, as they reach maturity.
The Knooks' duty is to watch over the beasts of the world, both gentle and wild.
The Fairies are the guardians of mankind.
There are instances on record where the Fairies have shown themselves to human beings, and have even conversed with them; but they are supposed to guard the lives of mankind unseen and unknown.
The Fairies are very just and impartial.
The idea had never occurred to Tom.
The idea had never occurred to him.
The idea had never occurred to her.
No forest flower was trampled beneath his feet, lest the friendly Ryls should be grieved.
He never interfered with the beasts of the forest, lest his friends the Knooks should become angry.
To him, the forest was the world.
He had no idea that millions of toiling, striving human creatures existed.
And he was happy and content.
Years pass swiftly in Burzee, for the nymphs have no need to regard time in any way. Even centuries make no change in the dainty creatures; ever and ever they remain the same, immortal and unchanging.
Claus, however, being mortal, grew to manhood day by day.
His stout legs carried him far into the forest's heart, where he gathered supplies of nuts and berries, as well as several sweet and wholesome roots.
I haven't been feeling great since this morning.
She followed him through the forest paths, as did many of her sister nymphs, explaining as they walked all the mysteries of the gigantic wood and the habits and nature of the living things which dwelt beneath its shade.
The language of the beasts became clear to little Claus; but he never could understand their sulky and morose tempers.
Only the squirrels, the mice and the rabbits seemed to possess cheerful and merry natures.
He could sing the songs of the bees, recite the poetry of the wood-flowers and relate the history of every blinking owl in the forest.
Bid good bye, for a time, to Necile and her sisters; for you shall accompany me on my journey through the world.
Necile wept for the first time in her life, and clung to the boy's neck as if she could not bear to let him go.
Until now, he had thought himself the only one of his kind upon the earth.
Then the vast forest seemed to fall away from their feet, and the youth found himself passing swiftly through the air at a great height.
One of the first laws of the Forest is obedience, and Claus had no thought of disobeying the Master's wish.
"So long as you hold fast to my girdle, you will remain unseen by all mankind, though seeing clearly yourself.
The immortals are few; but the mortals are many.
Ragged little ones rolled in the dust of the streets, playing with scraps and pebbles. Other children, gaily dressed, were propped upon cushions and fed with sugar-plums. Yet the children of the rich were not happier than those playing with the dust and pebbles, it seemed to Claus.
"Childhood is the time of man's greatest content," said Ak. "'Tis during these years of innocent pleasure that the little ones are most free from care."
The difference in the wealth of the parents determines the lot of the child. Some are carefully tended and clothed in silks and dainty linen; others are neglected and covered with rags.
"Then why, if man must perish, is he born?" demanded the boy.
Why, if man must perish, is he born?
Everything perishes except the world itself.
While life lasts everything on earth has its use. The wise seek ways to be helpful to the world, for the helpful ones are sure to live again.
Much of this Claus failed to understand fully, but a longing seized him to become helpful to his fellows.
He remained grave and thoughtful while they resumed their journey.
Tom is environmentally conscious.
The teacher welcomed the pupils.
A bird was perched on the road sign.
I can walk from my house to the station in only five minutes.
I was lucky that the train was late. Otherwise I would have missed it.
I told her: "I love you."
Mouloud Mammeri was an Algerian intellectual.
Matoub Lounes was an Algerian singer.
Mouloud Mammeri was an Algerian writer.
Why didn't they eat dinner?
Scientists continue to discover new drugs, so there is still hope for people in a coma.
A tangled web they weaved, as they practiced to deceive.
This young man's hair is blue.
This young person's hair is blue.
Tom attended a conference.
Tom attended an international conference.
Tom attended an international conference in Boston.
Tom likes Boston lettuce.
Tom has added more than 50,sentences to Tatoeba.
Adopting a Mediterranean diet can reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
The researchers found that adopting a Mediterranean diet lowered the risk of cardiovascular disease by 25%.
She would have been very proud of you.
There is no such thing as ESP.
Tom's car has tinted windows.
Tom's car has orange-tinted windows.
This office has tinted windows.
Tom has orange-tinted glasses.
Tom has rose-tinted glasses.
Tom looks at the world through rose-tinted glasses.
Tom wore wraparound sunglasses.
Tom wore goggles.
Tom wore safety glasses.
Tom wore protective goggles.
Company regulations mandate that workers use protective eyewear.
Company regulations mandate that workers wear safety glasses.
Tom swam with the manatees.
Tom swam with the manatee.
The news of Russian election interference will roil parliament.
We are going to set off a debate on climate change.
Could I be happier elsewhere?
Aren't you going to invite Tom to the party?
I didn't expect to be here so soon.
Tom is very grouchy today, isn't he?
I didn't want things end like this.
Tom and Mary are uncomfortable.
I don't know how to play the flute.
Tom talks like a girl.
I don't like people laughing at me.
I gave Tom many chances to do that.
Boys think about girls a lot.
Girls think about boys a lot.
Children can be cruel.
I don't remember if he lent me the book or if I borrowed it from the library.
He leaned over and whispered something in her ear.
This film lasts ninety minutes, but we can stop halfway through and continue watching tomorrow.
Will he wake up by himself or should I awaken him at six?
Did I see someone waving to me or did I imagine seeing a hand waving?
She played the piano while her brother played with his friends outside.
Why are you trying to keep the secret from me?
I've never seen such disrespectful conduct. Does he always behave this way?
It's simple.
I need some alone time.
Is there something else we can do for Tom?
I don't understand these new rules.
Do you know why Tom doesn't like doing that?
I don't usually like documentaries.
Tom is very knowledgeable, isn't he?
I don't want to drive in this snow.
Tom and Mary were busy all day.
We won't do what Tom says he wants us to do.
I usually don't eat breakfast because I'd rather sleep as late as I can.
I could not sleep because of the heat.
Tom has made an interesting discovery.
The birds hid themselves among the leaves and started to sing.
Socialism is making inroads with the American youth.
The JSON descriptor for this data package contains an error.
Situate yourself near the door if you need to leave early.
This boy tried to purloin my wallet on the streetcar.
My company is successful.
He doesn't have much to offer.
I'm gay, and my girlfriend doesn't know it.
No words can lessen your deep sadness.
Tom couldn't believe that was really happening.
Tom couldn't believe that that was really happening.
Can't you find what you're looking for?
I ride a motorcycle.
I ride my motorcycle to work.
I ride my motorcycle, even on rainy days.
I rode a motorcycle for three years before I started driving a car.
Lounis Ait Menguellet is an Algerian singer.
Will you make appetizers?
I like his sister very much.
Your heart is sick.
You have a lot of money.
I asked him what happened, but he wouldn't tell me.
Yes, it's time to go home.
I didn't know that I was infected as well.
The tomato price has risen again.
By tomorrow, I will have returned.
Tomorrow, it will be too late.
It will be too late.
I want to make it pretty.
Tom drew a snowman.
I need you to calm down first.
I need you to calm down.
Can we please not talk about it anymore?
In a moment, he will have died.
In a moment, he will be dead.
He will have passed away in a moment.
I don't want to drive this old car.
Tom teaches in French.
I don't want to lose this umbrella.
I haven't spoken to Tom about that.
I enjoyed every day of my vacation.
Do you know why Tom doesn't want to do that?
The people love freedom.
I took my decision.
We have confidence in Tom.
I plan to go to Boston with Tom.
Tom seemed to know that method.
Tom is still on his way to Boston.
Why have you come to Malaysia?
We plan to talk to Tom later.
I found the cat.
Tom can't go with Mary.
I told Tom about myself.
Who was speaking with Tom?
Tom understood what they told Mary in French.
Tom understood what he told Mary in French.
He played a famous piano piece.
Tom might've cried.
I hardly ever drink instant coffee.
Tom is very proud of that, isn't he?
I have a hole in one of my pockets.
Tom and Mary were disappointed.
I have a long list of things to do.
Tom tore the paper up.
Tom is aiming to do that.
Do you think Tom has ever been married?
Tom made a paper airplane.
Tom made a paper plane.
Tom is actually a pretty good swimmer.
What is the international vehicle registration code of Ireland?
Tom is back to doing what he used to do.
Tom is rarely at home on Mondays.
We went to a public pool.
There was nobody on the beach.
Do you know what he bought us?
I've understood hardly anything.
I hardly understood anything.
I understood nothing.
I understood almost nothing.
I've missed my train.
I've enjoyed myself very much.
It was Tom that broke the window.
I hardly understood anything at all.
The fish is not big.
Germany is beautiful.
Don't wear that dress to the party. You might be misunderstood.
Explain yourself clearly so that you won't be misunderstood.
You might be asked to help out at the charity event.
You might be required to submit a copy of your birth certificate.
We might be told to wait outside if it gets too hot.
God bless Algeria.
God bless Kabylie and all of Algeria.
We are Kabyles.
Kabyles speak the Berber language.
We are Algerians from Kabylie.
Kabylie is in Algeria.
Kabylie is part of Algeria.
Kabylie has no official flag.
Kabylie has no official borders.
Kabylie, which is part of Algeria, has no official borders.
Kabylie is an Algerian region.
Kabyles that live in Kabylie are Algerian.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect.
Kabyle, the Berber dialect of Kabylie, is mutually intelligible with many northern Berber dialects including Shawi.
Kabyle is the most spoken Berber dialect in Algeria.
Kabyle is the second most spoken Berber dialect in North Africa.
I am not afraid of terrorists.
I'm not afraid of terrorists.
Kabyles, and Algerians in general, are not afraid of terrorists.
Most Kabyles are Muslims.
Terrorists can't deny us our freedom of speech.
Kabylie is in the northeast of Algeria.
These are traitors.
You're not my brothers.
We're not afraid of terrorists.
Algeria is a strong nation.
Algeria is not afraid of terrorists.
Berber is my mother tongue.
I think Zindine Zidane of Kabyle descent is known by everyone.
Meet your match.
Sicily and Sardinia are Italian islands.
The laundry that I hung up was on the clothesline for three days.
When he arrived at the train station he called a taxi.
I hope to see you again in October.
I love the kind of music Tom plays.
I just needed a shoulder to cry on.
Don't you think we convinced Tom to do that?
Tom is very sophisticated, isn't he?
It is good to write for yourself.
We did it by ourselves.
You have a lot to learn yourselves.
You have a lot to learn yourself.
I am out of humour.
I am not myself.
I am mad.
After you had come.
I had found my wallet.
There is blood on your hands.
Your hands are stained with blood.
It was by chance that I found this book.
I was there by accident.
I will let him down.
She will find her husband.
After the accident, he could no longer bend his right knee.
The ice-covered branch bent but did not break.
He woke up in a sweat.
I have a hard time understanding that.
I only drank three bottles of beer.
Tom asked Mary to come with us.
I still remember that very clearly.
Tom used to be a hobo.
I usually come here in the morning.
I might go see Tom on October 20th.
Tom had this coming.
Tom and Mary are just being sarcastic.
Berber is an official language in both Algeria and Morocco.
Tamazight is an official language in both Algeria and Morocco.
Have you drugged my food?
As far as I know, Tom is still in his room.
As far as I know, Tom hasn't left yet.
Tom didn't come down for breakfast.
Tom was in his room all afternoon.
Tom hasn't quit yet.
Tom has already quit.
Tom has quit already.
Tom hasn't yet quit.
Tom hasn't left his apartment for several days.
It's been three days since I've seen Tom.
Tom hasn't left his house in three days.
It's been three days since Tom has left the house.
Tom hasn't talked to me for three days.
I want to teach you how to do that.
How many times has Tom done that by himself?
I was really hurt by what you said.
Tom let out a bloodcurdling scream.
Tic-toc, tic-toc!
Ask no questions and you will hear no lies.
I've been anticipating your invitation very much. Please let me know where the party might be and I will be sure to be on time.
He was abroad for nine years.
I ran to him and saw that he was shaking with fear.
What's the name of that Italian who works for Fiat?
Fear is human, courage is forged. Cowardice are those not tested, or those not willing!
She wants to go to the sea.
Tom was frightened to death.
I believe the attribute is cowardice not fear. He doesn't seem the type.
It seems like you're wrong.
He sprained his foot.
You should really drink less coffee.
I met Maria here yesterday.
Would you help me carry this upstairs?
Is it difficult to eat with chopsticks?
The man was behaving oddly.
We have three sons.
As far as I know, Tom has never attempted to kill himself.
I was really hurt by your comments.
Tom asked Mary to cut his hair.
I was the director for three years.
Tom used to play golf.
I was young and naive at that time.
I ought to have told Tom the truth.
Little strokes fell great oaks.
Tom arrived ten minutes ago, but I haven't seen him yet.
Tom turned the volume to maximum.
Tom quit his job to travel around the world.
He's very afraid of death.
He's scary.
She's scary.
She is my wife.
Literature is a nation's future.
There is an error in the sentence.
I have one dog.
I only have one dog.
I have only one dog.
I was selfish and cruel.
You were selfish and cruel.
I always stay with Tom when I go to Boston.
Tom received a telegram from Mary.
I like to learn foreign languages.
Tom met several carpenters when he was in Australia.
I'd like you to understand.
I've always kept my promises.
I want to study Turkmen.
It's true that the earth is round.
I'm not giving this to you.
It seems like your only choice is to do that.
I've given Tom permission to do what he wants to do.
It was easy to find Tom's office.
It wasn't easy to find Tom's office.
It wasn't easy to find Tom's house.
It was easy to find Tom's house.
It's really easy for me to do that.
If it works, that's good; otherwise, we will have tried.
I won't ever be allowed to do that.
How many times has Tom done that this month?
I won't have the chance to do that.
Tom is waiting in the car, isn't he?
I'd love to know how that happened.
Tom was a bit nervous.
I'd never wear something like that.
I've broken off our engagement.
We spent the entire day in the park.
We spent all day in the park.
It isn't always easy to do that.
You know that I know.
If he walks, I walk.
Use them whenever you want.
Use them wherever you want.
I have a musical voice.
I expected it a bit.
I see clearly now the fog has lifted. I can see all the ties in the closet!
He explained everything quite clearly, providing examples.
You may eat cheese whenever you want.
I'll call you back in five minutes.
I really do hate the way Tom sings.
I'll start working on October 20th.
Was Tom the one who told you not to do that?
I'll try to pay this bill tomorrow.
Tom is washing the dishes, isn't he?
Does she like sports?
Did you find another path?
Did you find another way?
How much are your pants?
Tick-tock, tick-tock! They kept winding the clock on the mantle.
She went for a walk yesterday.
He prefers sleeping on the ground.
Treat your friends with respect!
It's too complicated for me.
I'm already pretty good at driving.
Tom asked Mary to go with John.
I'm happy that we were able to swim.
Tom went there for me.
I'm happy that we were able to win.
It seems that Tom is disappointed.
It seems Tom is disappointed.
I've had a slight headache since last night.
It must've rained hard during the night.
We use this device to measure blood pressure.
I have to get this work done by the day after tomorrow.
We played tennis after school every Monday.
Tom tore up the paper.
I almost never drink instant coffee.
I very seldom drink instant coffee.
I rarely drink instant coffee.
I know Tom is a little old.
I know that Tom is a miner.
I know Tom is a miner.
I know Tom didn't do that correctly.
I know that Tom didn't do that correctly.
Eleven years ago, there was a fire at the parish.
Tom admitted he'd killed Mary.
Tom admitted that he'd killed Mary.
Everybody knows that Tom was in Boston.
Everybody knows Tom was in Boston.
Tom told the police everything that he knew.
There are a bunch of drunk people in the next room.
We've given Tom another chance to do that.
We can't afford to make this kind of mistake again.
Tom won't go to Boston without Mary.
We don't yet know if that's going to happen or not.
Tom is a really sweet guy.
We have about thirty bottles of wine in the cellar.
You should really tell Tom not to do that.
We have about thirty jars of pickles in the cellar.
Tom won't help Mary do that anymore.
What I meant to say was that you shouldn't do that.
Tom is a terrible student.
When was the last time you went to the post office?
Fortunately, Tom is a different person now.
Who do you think is the best student in your class?
Tom won't tell Mary why he did that.
You don't really know much about Australia, do you?
Tom is a very good farmer.
You don't seem to be enjoying yourselves very much.
Tic-toc, tic-toc. There are so many stars in the sky, I can't count them all.
The strife is oer, the battle done; The victory of life is won; The song of triumph has begun: Alleluia!
The powers of death have done their worst; But Christ their legions hath dispersed; Let shouts of holy joy outburst: Alleluia!
The three sad days are quickly sped; He rises glorious from the dead; All glory to our risen Head! Alleluia!
He closed the yawning gates of hell; The bars from heavens high portals fell; Let hymns of praise His triumphs tell! Alleluia!
Lord, by the stripes which wounded Thee, From deaths dread sting Thy servants free, That we may live, and sing to Thee: Alleluia!
Art is long, and Time is fleeting, And our hearts, though stout and brave, Still, like muffled drums, are beating Funeral marches to the grave. In the worlds broad field of battle, In the bivouac of Life, Be not like dumb, driven cattle! Be a hero in the strife!
Tom is a shoulder cat.
Cognitive scientists study the mind from an interdisciplinary perspective.
Cognitive reframing may help you find hope in a seemingly hopeless situation; try it.
The Crayon Etching technique is like revealing a rainbow from gloom.
Searching for the owners of the items I found, such as ID cards or phones, is my favorite online game.
Dictators use marginalized populations as scapegoats.
Cognitive reframing is a great debate. Like giving a kid a participation trophy. Making negative seem positive. It is what it is.
The positive outcomes that my being fully present in the uncomfortable situation brought me reinforced my willingness to explore despite fear.
The common denominator of all her troubles is her lies.
Tom's uncle is always going off on incoherent rants about participation trophies.
Even though a parameter's value can change, it is treated as a constant, not as a variable.
Even if faith were a placebo, I would rather have it than not.
The domestic violence victims heal when they face their fear of the tyrant, which is often the fear of death in disguise.
A learning disability may teach perseverance.
Tom has a new number.
My friend believes conspiracy theories; should I try to prove him wrong?
I don't have her phone number.
Troubled waters suddenly calmed down.
No one forced you to do that.
Choosing multiple New Year's resolutions, I increased the probability of failing them all.
Tom didn't mention any of this to me.
I want to live so that the funeral home would be full of people who cared about me, once I die.
I understand she has hard feelings towards me; I hurt her.
It is easier to influence the community by infiltrating into it by respecting its rules.
We started hanging out together.
Clutter on the table, clutter in the head.
Tom's phone number is unlisted.
Tom's phone number's unlisted.
Then the rumors started.
These rumors are getting out of control.
This is illegal in the European Union.
The party was getting out of control.
The party got out of control.
Tom, you were out of control.
Tom got out of control at the party.
Here's the story in a nutshell.
Here's the story in a nutshell, said the squirrel.
"You're hiding something." "No, I'm not!"
"You're hiding something." "No, I'm not."
You don't sound so sure.
I approved of the way Tom was doing things.
You haven't been swimming in a long time, have you?
Tom wrote Mary's number on a napkin.
You ought to do that now while you have the chance.
Tom is alone in the house.
You'd better do that now while you have the chance.
I didn't hear a word of what Tom just said.
Put the rope in the box.
That sounds suspicious to me.
I went where I was ordered to go.
I like your new hairstyle.
Nobody forced you to do that.
I'm so happy you're here!
The ugly duckling turned into a beautiful swan.
He lives with his grandmother.
I'm so happy that you're here!
That rule doesn't apply in this situation.
Tom flew.
Tom has been skiing.
We have no reason to feel ashamed.
What are you doing in the attic?
I found the person who did that.
That is our country.
It is our country.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all stood.
All of my great-grandparents died before I was born.
Tom is already frustrated.
Do you really think you can take care of yourselves?
I didn't know why Tom didn't want us there.
What kind of a person are you?
You must do this for me.
Put on your pants.
Tom swam with the dolphins.
Dragons are fictional creatures.
It wouldn't be the first time that that has happened.
It wouldn't be the first time that has happened.
I'm happy to be through doing that.
Who's supposed to stay and help Tom do that?
I'm likely the richest person here.
Tom is way richer than me, isn't he?
I'm much older than you think I am.
Tom asked Mary to help him out.
I'm not sure how to deal with this.
Tom will be impressed.
I'm happy with the way things went.
Your reaction wasn't surprising at all.
His reaction wasn't surprising at all.
Her reaction wasn't surprising at all.
After his death, he was sainted.
I thought things would change.
You don't understand what's going on, do you?
Do you even like me?
It's as easy as ABC.
Tom was automatically logged out of Tatoeba.
I couldn't believe that she would do that to me.
I couldn't believe that Tom would do that to me.
Get all those naive ideas out of your head.
Damascus is the capital of Syria.
Our city suffers from a lack of hour transit service.
I want to help a lot of people.
I want to watch that movie again.
Go ahead and ask.
Go ahead and ask!
A wife is not a boot. You can't just kick her off.
From above resounded a deafening cry.
From above there resounded a deafening cry.
I wrote her name down so I wouldn't forget it.
I wrote down her name so as not to forget it.
That's a reliable approach.
His girlfriend wants to go for a walk this morning.
We do not have a book.
There is a festival at the cities center.
I don't want to stir up old memories.
If you want to go fast, walk alone; but if you want to go far, let's walk together.
She was canonized after her death.
The wind whipped up his hair.
Metals can become brittle at low temperatures.
Enemies surround me.
That word has at least three different senses.
That word has at least three different meanings.
It appeared as if nothing happened.
She worked under a lot of stress and was able to make up the time lost.
My garden is small but full of flowers.
He is cutting the apple in halves.
We prefer a hotel near the airport.
Binge drinking is risky behavior among young people.
There was intermittent sunshine this morning.
You took my appetite away.
Only a few people have two cars.
His father was a captain in the Royal Navy.
I wonder if the food is the same every day.
I saw Nils as well.
I saw Nils, too.
When will you come again?
When are you going back?
Because I love you.
I told you not to tell that to anyone.
I only ever wanted what was best for you.
That was supposed to be our little secret.
I'm given to fits of rage.
I was just trying to look out for you.
We are often in Troms.
I had your best interest in mind the entire time.
The elevators in this building are often out of order.
If you'll pardon my digression, I'd like to relate a little anecdote that will help me to prove my point.
I had the best of intentions, butas I now know all too wellthe road to hell is paved with them.
It's true that I was less than honest with you about my past.
Maybe you're right and I should have been more forthcoming, but I was trying to spare your feelings.
Tom won't suffer a fool gladly.
It'll all come out in the wash.
It's important that the terms we're using are clear and well-defined, but let's not get bogged down in semantics.
I have no illusions about you.
Do you have any idea how much work has gone into this?
Why so glum?
Do you have any hope for the future?
You have to promise never to tell anyone what I'm about to tell you.
Jupiter is a planet.
I had my doubts from the get-go.
Do you want to know why my wife left me?
I had a feeling something like this was going to happen.
If I can be of assistance to you in some way, just let me know.
If I can help you with something, just say so.
I have no use for you anymore.
I learned to cook.
To err is human, but to persist is diabolical.
To err is human, to persist is diabolical.
Avoid a remedy that is worse than the disease.
All things can be overcome as long as the truth is known.
Do you have parents?
Are your parents still alive?
Everything before the word "but" is bullshit.
Nothing someone says before the word "but" really counts.
The picture is not sharp.
No, it's not easy.
It's deep.
The picture is blurry.
You're important!
Are we clear?
Tom sat down at the table under the palapa.
Tom fell asleep under the shade of a palapa.
I haven't really thought this through.
You haven't really thought this through, have you?
Tom has really thought this through.
Tom hasn't really thought this through.
Tom hasn't thought this through.
Tom has thought this through.
You sound like a crazy person.
You sound like a crazy person!
My friend over there is really shy.
See my friend over there?
My friend over there is really shy, but he thinks you're cute and he'd like to talk to you.
Tom thinks you're cute, but he's too shy to say anything.
Tom thinks you're cute, but he's too scared to say anything.
I'm Tom. What's your name?
Hi, my name is Tom. What's your name?
Mary wriggled her toes.
Tom blushed back.
Tom blushed and Mary blushed back.
Mary blushed and Tom blushed back.
Does that make me sound like a crazy person?
We had a deal.
I hope you have a good lawyer.
Tom tried to sound uninterested.
Mary tried to sound uninterested.
So, you're dating Tom?
So, you're dating Mary?
I'm not used to sleeping in a tent.
Who is this crazy person?
I told Tom where I'd bought my hat.
I'm not used to this sort of thing.
Do you know how Tom got the scar on his chin?
I'm not very good at writing songs.
Tom is way taller than me, isn't he?
I'm pretty uncomfortable right now.
Tom asked Mary to meet us here.
Who is that crazy person?
Who's that tall man over there?
He rented his house out for two years.
The good times are over.
The days of plenty are over.
I'm getting older and older. I think the beautiful days of Aranjuez are behind me.
I know this is none of my business.
I know this is none of my business, but...
I know that this is none of my business.
The journalists are already talking about it.
Those students are all studying English.
Better beautiful and rich than ugly and poor.
The twentieth of February is the fifty-first day of the year.
Though he was a child, he was very brave.
I like sugar.
Is there somewhere we can talk privately about this?
You always disagree with me.
You never agree with me.
What remains in the heart is memory and bitterness.
He said that he had a date, but, in fact, it was just an excuse to leave the lovers alone.
Do you think it's a waste of time to learn Esperanto?
Tell me which constructed language is the most valuable and why you think so.
It is a coward who shields his eyes and shrinks away from the light of love and truth. If it could render us blind, what use would our eyes be?
If I were your wife, I would put poison in your coffee.
What time should we eat breakfast?
She was so close to me that I could have touched her.
I'm so sorry, but you caught me at a bad time; I'm on my way out the door. Could you call back later?
Even if it's raining, I'll leave early in the morning tomorrow.
Exactly what would you have me do, then?
It's a shame we weren't able to get to know one another better.
There are a lot of things we have to get to this afternoon.
My people come from Sweden.
Why am I me and not you?
Staring into another human being's eyes for ten uninterrupted minutes reliably induced altered states of consciousness in subjects who participated in an experiment conducted in Italy in 2015.
Look, it's the plane from Urumqi.
This issue is difficult to resolve.
His head hurt.
I would like to give you a suggestion.
I'm tired of cleaning up after you.
Tom will go ballistic.
I've become accustomed to the heat.
I told Tom why I needed to do that.
I've been drinking a lot of coffee.
How many times did you talk to Tom last week?
I've been looking for that all day.
I've just started doing that again.
Tom asked Mary to pick John up.
I've started learning how to drive.
We will stop right here to have a snack.
You owe me five dollars.
I have an errand for Tom.
The ATM is out of order.
The cash machine is out of order.
It's 7:50.
How did his interview go?
Her concert was very good.
He gave the dictionary back.
The separatists aren't our brothers.
Therapy didn't help.
Why you don't want to tell me what's going on?
Oi!
Allow me to accompany you.
I'm a little crazy, you know that.
How do you spend time?
It will be interesting to see if she keeps her promise.
They are not gifted in mathematics.
I'd like to tavel more often but the lack of money doesn't allow me to do so.
So, what else is going on?
I took today off in exchange for working on Sunday.
Not everyone was happy about this.
Is there some basis for this?
Wow! Is that a shark?
Nobody was happy about this.
This has no basis in fact.
This woman has no sense of humor.
This man has no sense of humor.
What has this got to do with us?
This will come to a bad end, son.
The opposite is also true.
Half of this is yours.
I felt lousy nonetheless.
Have mercy on this poor woman!
This won't have any consequences.
There may be advantages to this.
This might have its advantages.
Too late!
This vehicle has four wheels.
Did you read all the fine print?
Wait at the entrance of this building.
How much money should I give this beggar?
I know the father of this girl.
I know this girl's father.
Why are you so mean?
The river is very deep.
Last October was warmer than usual.
Do you think Tom will be home on October 20th?
When will there be an end to this madness?
I am living all by myself in a large house.
I am talking to myself.
Well, now I know I was right.
I am thinking another way.
So why the detailed monitoring? We shall see now.
Everyone for himself.
You saw yourselves in the mirror.
You see yourself in the mirror.
I know whose book this is.
Who am I with?
Who is he with?
Who is she with?
Who are they with?
I can't pronounce this girl's name!
The teacher ascribed tremendous importance to this chapter.
Tom said they were waiting for him.
Don't expect me to be happy about this.
Tom has to pay another three hundred dollars.
Anyone who wants to live here must work.
You should try to have fun.
Try to have fun.
I think that you'll have fun doing that.
I think you'll have fun doing that.
Was the party fun?
Did you have fun at the party?
I moved here years ago.
In the morning, I was woken up by the telephone.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to help me today.
Tom and Mary spent all morning cleaning the house.
Tom and Mary were surprised to see John and Alice.
My conscience is not clean.
Sorry, I was just talking to myself.
From now on, you'll have to take care of yourselves.
Both Tom and Mary don't like spinach.
Help yourselves. There's plenty more in the kitchen.
Tom is already on the bus.
Here's some money. Go buy yourself something to eat.
I don't know how to tell Tom this bad news.
This river is very deep.
This river is pretty deep.
This river isn't very deep.
This river isn't deep enough for this kind of boat.
How deep is this river?
This river is shallow enough to wade to the other side.
Tom would be alive today if he hadn't died.
What a horrible event!
It's a religious event.
Don't rush things.
It's based on real events.
Sometimes a nod is enough to show someone that you're listening attentively.
Sometimes nodding is sufficient to indicate to a person that you're listening attentively to them.
Tom can't help.
I'm swimming with the current.
I'm going with the flow.
I've partially finished my work.
You are partially responsible.
It turns out that I have a brother.
It turns out that you knew everything but kept quiet.
He's showing his father his apartment.
John was born in the United States.
She slept an hour.
This is unprecedented.
I don't know where he is.
Her French has gotten much better.
What book should I read?
Things have to be said as they are.
Tom is nice as pie.
Tom's nice as pie.
It's time to say things.
Otherwise, you will die.
One day, Tom will understand.
All things must come to an end someday.
Whom is he with?
Whom is she with?
Whom are they with?
Unfortunately, I only understood half of what I read.
Now it's time for me to discuss a few rules with you.
Now it's time for me to discuss a couple of rules with you all.
Barley is our country's main product.
Your wife wouldn't be happy if she found out about this, would she?
Even though we're engaged, she did not want to let me kiss her.
Even though we're engaged, he did not want to let me kiss him.
Here is the author of the book that was just now being discussed.
Although there's little chance of success, let's try it.
He who speaks the truth needs a swift horse.
Tom opened the door even though I told him not to.
A friend is someone who likes you even though he knows everything about you.
The pisiform bone is one of eight tiny bones that comprise the wrist.
Those who regularly engage in sports or perform physical labor need not fear obesity.
Tom felt powerless.
Let us not give in to these demands!
The most precious resource we have is time.
Who can be calling me at this hour?
Did you have any fun at the party?
I love Tom so much!
Glenn just locked eyes with me!
Tom is my handsome boyfriend.
I couldn't hear what was happening in the next room.
I hear that Tom and Mary have eloped.
I didn't think about the situation carefully enough.
I don't know where Tom bought his umbrella.
I don't yet know how much money we're going to need.
I told Tom how Mary had been injured.
He's been sick since last week.
You remain always in my memory.
He always says he wants to kiss me.
You said that there was a library on this corner.
What are you going to do with yourself?
I really don't think Tom did that, but maybe he did.
I really don't think that Tom did that, but maybe he did.
I'm sure that Tom won't be here this afternoon.
Tom has a cat, but Mary doesn't.
Koala bears do not have belly buttons.
I'm sure Tom won't be here this afternoon.
You would have seen me if you'd come earlier.
Tom decided to give Mary everything she asked for.
This soft blanket is just right for babies.
I agree with you one hundred percent.
Tom shouldn't be punished; he didn't have anything to do with this.
He was only twelve years old at the time.
I feel like someone just walked over my grave.
There is a certain age, for a woman, when she has to be beautiful so that she may be loved, and then comes the age when she must be loved so that she may be beautiful.
Our little girl can't fall asleep without a fairy tale.
The call to prayer can be heard.
Seawater tastes salty.
Please turn up the radio.
Time passes by so slowly.
The muezzin is making the call to prayer.
Who's at home?
The rooster is crowing.
What would you like to drink, sir?
Why do you look so gloomy?
He looks gay.
Teacher, time's up.
I'm so tired already.
Leave now and don't ever come back.
Are you an actor or a singer?
Could you help me, brother?
Did they eat the apple?
What did you have for sahur?
Pak Su is not at home.
How much is the monthly rent for this place?
Oh no, I forgot to bring my wallet!
Could I borrow your money?
Could I borrow some money?
He's grinning to himself.
This box is quite heavy!
Mum is bathing at the well.
Kindly follow these instructions closely.
Sofia's smile just now was so lovely.
I have two dimples.
Give two examples of mammals.
All living things need oxygen.
The book is over there.
Don't make hard what's easy.
Hang on, I need to go to the bathroom.
Let's practice together.
Please see me after recess.
Can I see your notebook?
Mum's frying some fish for dinner.
This car can be rented for RMper day.
I just came back from Kuala Lumpur.
I didn't mean not to tell you.
I didn't not tell you on purpose.
Shall I treat you to dinner?
What would you say to my treating you to dinner?
The food in this restaurant is very expensive.
Which cat just gave birth?
I don't want to play with you any more.
My mum's angry that I'm friends with you.
The king's son is always hunting in the woods.
How long have you been teaching in Sabah?
I want to buy a shirt for my little brother.
I want to buy a shirt for my brother.
I want to buy a shirt for my little sister.
I want to buy a shirt for my sister.
It's my first time eating a Japanese dish.
He waited until he was already nodding off to sleep.
Ahmad quickly shoved his bag into the tent.
Why does your essay have so many grammatical mistakes?
I'm not too pleased with him being here.
Sorry I couldn't make it last night.
Turns out that being a fisherman is no easy task.
Who knows, a prince might just come to ask for her hand in marriage!
This bull will be sacrificed tomorrow evening.
Please hand in the exercise book on Monday.
You can register for the subjects on the computer.
I don't have suitable shoes for that event.
This time round, it was as if Najwa was unwilling to let her husband go.
The boy visits his grandma.
It's not fair to judge someone based only on their physical appearance.
Archery practice will go on this evening.
I think I broke it.
Do you still remember what happened when we went camping in the woods last time?
This portal was created exclusively for students to use.
My sister loves it whenever someone makes her an offer of marriage.
The shopowner did not realise that many of his wares had already expired.
Wouldn't it be good if you behaved this well every day?
He only wanted to make his mother happy.
The cat is trying to climb the tree.
Please throw this away.
He turned out to be in love with her.
I only need one worker.
The chicken is scratching the ground for worms.
Did you see where I put my watch?
She purposely cut her hair short.
It's not that I did anything wrong, it's only that didn't finish my work on time.
It has been a week since dad passed away.
It doesn't seem like it's going to stop raining.
Please take the book that's on the desk.
We went out through the window.
From here, we can hear the calls to prayer from several mosques and suraus in the area.
This might be the last time I'll ever get to set foot here.
I'm bored of waiting.
Let's eat at that food stall across the road.
I can't afford to eat at an expensive restaurant like this.
Who wants to go to the National Zoo tomorrow?
I want to go, but I don't have money.
Is my fast invalidated if I sleep the whole day?
He's been out since early morning.
The accident at Jalan Hang Tuah involved three cars and a lorry.
The actor left the shooting location in a hurry.
It's hot outside, so let's talk inside.
Where are you going to perform your tarawih prayers tonight?
Even though it was the school holidays, Mr. Ahmad still held extra classes for the fifth form students.
That's not true love.
Even though I can speak Chinese, I can't read it.
Let's go to the mosque.
If possible, I'd like to meet you tonight.
Anyone knows if there's a laundromat in the area?
Only one person knows the answer to this question.
Without realising it, he had already been waiting at the bus stop for two hours.
He translated it word for word.
There is a woman in the room.
Sometimes nodding is sufficient to indicate to a person that you're listening attentively to him or her.
Running a lot makes me thirsty.
Please let me read the newspaper when you're done with it.
He is the only child she has.
He is her only child.
Every one of us is unique.
I don't want to be thirsty again.
Can you watch my stuff for a minute?
The movie was a whopping success.
His eyes are brimming with tears.
Her eyes are brimming with tears.
Your eyes are brimming with tears.
We can finetune the frequency.
I drove across town to pick up some things I needed.
Tom is an amazing athlete.
I have a long list of things I have to do this week.
I don't know where Tom will live next year.
I'll be glad when they're done building that bridge.
I told Tom why Mary ought to do that.
It's cloyingly sweet!
This tea is too sweet for me.
This tea isn't sweet enough for me.
Do you agree Tom shouldn't do that?
Do you agree that Tom shouldn't do that?
I don't think Tom was responsible for what happened.
I don't think that Tom was responsible for what happened.
Do you like pineapples?
Do you like grapes?
Do you like bananas?
I warned you never to come here.
I have grapes.
Who will eat the apple?
He went to Gokdepe.
What is the capital of Turkmenistan?
Tell me when you're going to leave.
Hes almost ready to go back.
I'm going to Ashgabat.
I don't plan to do the same thing Tom does.
I'm extremely disappointed in how things turned out.
Tom is an arrogant person.
I'm really not that worried about what might happen.
I've told Tom why Mary ought do that.
The man who came to visit you didn't say who he was.
I have to meet Tom at the bus stop at 2:30.
Let me know when you're going to leave.
I manifest my heart's desires quickly and easily.
I manifested five thousand dollars using the Law of Attraction.
I love orange marmalade.
I prefer orange marmalade over strawberry jam.
Catch the thief!
He's always happy.
She's always happy.
Have you ordered the book?
You should wash this shirt.
Mouloud Mammeri is a Berber Algerian militant.
This is a Berber dictionary.
Chaoui is a Berber dialect.
What a beautiful language Berber is!
Algeria is a republic but Morocco is a kingdom.
However, there is a solution.
The capital of Algeria is Algiers.
However, that was just my conjecture.
However, I could be mistaken.
I understand. However, it's not important. I was just asking.
Beirut is the capital of Lebanon.
Amman is the capital of Jordan.
Kuwait is the capital of Kuwait.
Manama is the capital of Bahrain.
This decision will affect his future career.
His face reflected fear and anxiety.
Sana'a is the capital of Yemen.
Algiers is the capital of Algeria.
You are Berber.
He taught him Berber.
She taught her Berber.
They taught him Berber.
They taught her Berber.
I was teaching Berber.
You were teaching Berber.
He was teaching Berber.
Do you want to learn Berber?
My language is Berber.
Our language is Berber.
Where did you learn Berber?
Where did he learn Berber?
Douchebag!
Where did she learn Berber?
Where did you guys learn Berber?
Where did you ladies learn Berber?
Where did they learn Berber?
Where did you study Berber?
Where did he study Berber?
Where did you guys study Berber?
She teachs Berber in Relizane.
Long live the Berber language.
Algerians learn Berber at school.
Why did you start learning Berber?
Today or tomorrow, Berber will always exist.
Kabyles are Berbers who speak Berber.
Kabyles speak Kabyle, which is a Berber dialect.
Matoub Lounes struggled on behalf of the Berber language.
We have a language and its name is Berber.
Algerians learn Berber in primary school.
I am Chaoui. My language is Berber.
Why do you study Berber every day?
am Berber and I speak Berber.
Why do you want to study Berber?
Why do you want to learn Berber?
Algerians have been learning Berber since it became official.
I see Tom, but I don't hear his footsteps.
He gave away the shop to make a sixpence.
Have you sent your novel to a publisher?
Yes. You always see the smoke before the fire.
If you focus on the smoke, heavy fire damage is likely.
It seems I'm being misunderstood. That's not what I'm looking for.
I won't let them pass.
You saw yourself in the mirror.
I felt perfectly happy.
I've told Tom why Mary wants to do that.
Whether you have a good voice or not doesn't matter.
I told Tom why I had to go to the hospital.
I only want one thing.
There's only one thing that I really want.
There's only one thing I really want.
The only thing I want is for you to be happy.
What I want now is some peace and quiet.
The only thing I want is to be with you.
The only thing I want to do now is sleep.
This is the only thing that I want.
This is the only thing I want.
The only thing I want to do today is watch TV.
Daniel makes shortbreads.
Is this your only suitcase?
I don't want to eat anything else right now.
We knew that the cat would cross the street.
We knew that the dog would chase the cat.
We knew that the dogs would bark at us.
He thought you wouldn't do it.
We knew she wouldn't be able to come.
A woman whose husband has died and who has not become someone else's wife is a widow.
Our son died in combat.
I've almost finished washing the dishes.
Are there many streets in that village?
Did you think I wouldn't come?
To whom were you speaking while you were waiting for the bus?
Who were you speaking to while you were waiting for the bus?
She is talented in many areas.
I've already had two cups of coffee.
Did you think that was the man?
I can't believe we just did this.
The novel was written in the first person.
I can't believe you just did this.
I can't believe Tom just did this.
I found out from a letter that my wife is unfaithful to me.
The greater the demand, the higher the prices.
I'm going to Australia to help people build houses.
You want to go to Australia with us, don't you?
I'll be staying in Australia for three months.
We'll be returning to Australia in October.
Aren't you going to Australia next summer?
I go to Australia several times a year.
Are you going to Australia on business?
You've visited Australia, haven't you?
Aren't you going to Australia with us?
Tom went to Australia to find a job.
I want to go back home to Australia.
Have Tom and Mary visited Australia?
We've visited Australia many times.
I've traveled all over Australia.
I could go to Australia with you.
Tom went to Australia to teach.
I'm going to Australia to work.
Where did you go in Australia?
There are koalas in Australia.
I could go to Australia, too.
Tom went to Australia twice.
I hated living in Australia.
I couldn't visit Australia.
I couldn't leave Australia.
I couldn't go to Australia.
Didn't you visit Australia?
I liked Australia, too.
Is it in Australia?
The children ran to the house.
I should love and respect my grandparents.
I wonder what the difference is between a friend and a lover.
Did you think that was easy?
I know Tom is a soulmate of mine.
I thought that you used to be a teacher in Australia.
After three weeks in Australia, Tom came back home.
I'd like to go to either Australia or New Zealand.
I thought you used to be a teacher in Australia.
I came back to Boston after a year in Australia.
I thought that you wanted to go to Australia.
I'm looking forward to living in Australia.
I wonder how long Tom will be in Australia.
Why are you planning to move to Australia?
I'm excited about going back to Australia.
I want to visit Tom when I'm in Australia.
You've never visited Australia, have you?
Why doesn't Tom like living in Australia?
Why does Tom not want to leave Australia?
Didn't you go to university in Australia?
You haven't visited Australia, have you?
Why doesn't Tom want to leave Australia?
I thought you wanted to go to Australia.
Did you want to go to Australia with us?
Why don't you like living in Australia?
Why do you not want to leave Australia?
I wonder how long Tom was in Australia.
Why don't you want to leave Australia?
Why does Tom like living in Australia?
We've talked about going to Australia.
We've been to Australia several times.
Next year, I'll return to Australia.
Why does Tom want to leave Australia?
Tom and Mary aren't in Australia now.
My boss wanted me to go to Australia.
I got back from Australia in October.
Why does Tom like Australia so much?
Why does Tom hate Australia so much?
Tom is going to Australia with Mary.
What will you do back in Australia?
Tom wasn't able to visit Australia.
I can't afford to go to Australia.
I spent my holidays in Australia.
Tom was able to visit Australia.
I'm talking now about Australia.
Tom has emigrated to Australia.
Maybe I should go to Australia.
I'm going to work in Australia.
I was in Australia at the time.
I want to go live in Australia.
I regret having left Australia.
I also want to visit Australia.
Are you two going to Australia?
Please come back to Australia.
Is that from Australia?
Tom is my soulmate.
Tom is my soul mate.
Tom and Mary are soulmates.
Tom and Mary are soul mates.
Tom is not my soulmate.
We knew today's his birthday.
We knew they placed it here.
We knew he had left before we arrived.
When we arrived here, he had already left.
Many Canadians say they want to visit to Australia.
I'm going to be studying in Australia next year.
This kind of thing happens in Australia, too.
Tom and Mary haven't visited Australia yet.
I'm going to teach in Australia next year.
Tom will be flying to Australia tomorrow.
Do Tom and Mary want to go to Australia?
I want to be transferred to Australia.
When will you come back to Australia?
Did Tom want to go to Australia, too?
Australia is the smallest continent.
When did you get back to Australia?
Tom, where did you go in Australia?
Tom has returned home to Australia.
Tom can go to Australia next month.
I'm not going to work in Australia.
We didn't want to go to Australia.
Tom's family comes from Australia.
I want to visit Australia one day.
I regret having visited Australia.
I regret having come to Australia.
I heard that Tom was in Australia.
Don't you want to go to Australia?
Did you make friends in Australia?
Actually, I was born in Australia.
Tom lived in Australia in 2013.
I'll go to Australia next week.
We've never visited Australia.
I want to go to Australia again before my passport expires.
We're not likely going to make much money in Australia.
I wonder how many people in Australia can speak French.
Tom went to Australia to help his uncle build a house.
You didn't really want to go to Australia, did you?
Something like this wouldn't happen in Australia.
I'll be back in Australia the day after tomorrow.
Why don't Tom and Mary want to go to Australia?
I wonder what the minimum wage in Australia is.
I think that I'll go to Australia next spring.
What kind of birds do they have in Australia?
Most of the participants come from Australia.
I hope that we can make friends in Australia.
Why do Tom and Mary want to go to Australia?
Tom and Mary didn't want to go to Australia.
Didn't Tom and Mary want to go to Australia?
What kind of birds are there in Australia?
What are some of Australia's main exports?
We're going to Australia for three months.
Tom wanted Mary to come back to Australia.
I'm saving money so I can go to Australia.
I'm going to Australia to work on a farm.
I think I'll go to Australia next spring.
I'll be back in Australia in three days.
I hope we can make friends in Australia.
Will you be in Australia for Christmas?
Tom hasn't yet returned from Australia.
I'm saving up money to go to Australia.
I promised to go to Australia with Tom.
I'm bringing Tom to Australia with me.
Tom hasn't yet returned to Australia.
I want you to come back to Australia.
I've bought a lot of books.
I have three times as many stamps as Tom does.
I've promised Tom that I'd go to Australia with him.
I spent three hours watching TV last night.
I haven't seen Tom for about three years.
I haven't been able to go to school for a week.
It was impossible for me to answer all of Tom's questions.
Tom and Mary live in Australia.
Tom and Mary were in Australia all last year.
Tom and Mary got married and went to Australia.
I still go to Australia at least three times a year.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent much time in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been to Australia before.
Tom and I both wanted to go to Australia, but the boss said that only one of us could go.
Tom and I both wanted to go to Australia, but the boss said only one of us could go.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going to Australia with me.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy going to Australia with me.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going to Australia with me.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy going to Australia with me.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with me.
Didn't you know that Tom was planning to go to Australia with me?
If I'd had enough money, I would've gone to Australia with Tom.
I don't think that Tom is going to come to Australia with me.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with me.
Didn't you know Tom was planning to go to Australia with me?
Tom says that he's planning to go to Australia next winter.
I don't think that Tom will be coming to Australia with me.
Tom said that he was going to come to Australia to see me.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to go to Australia with me.
I didn't know that Tom wanted to go to Australia with me.
Didn't you know that Tom was coming to Australia with me?
Tom told me that he intended to go to Australia with me.
I wonder why Tom didn't want to go to Australia with me.
I hope that Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with me.
I don't think that Tom wants to go to Australia with me.
I don't think Tom is going to come to Australia with me.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to Australia with me?
You never should've let Tom go to Australia by himself.
I wonder whether Tom wanted to go to Australia with me.
I convinced Tom that he should go to Australia with me.
Tom says he's planning to go to Australia next winter.
Tom is never going to let you go to Australia with me.
I think that Tom should come to Australia to visit me.
I knew that Tom would want to go to Australia with me.
I don't think Tom will be coming to Australia with me.
Who did Tom say he was going to go to Australia with?
Tom said he was going to come to Australia to see me.
Tom asked me if I'd like to go to Australia with him.
I thought that Tom would come to Australia to see me.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't gone to Australia.
I wonder if Tom wanted to come to Australia with me.
I knew Tom wouldn't want to go to Australia with me.
I didn't know Tom wanted to go to Australia with me.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go to Australia with me.
Didn't you know Tom was coming to Australia with me?
Tom told me he intended to go to Australia with me.
Tom came all the way from Australia just to see me.
I thought that Tom would come to Australia with me.
I hope Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with me.
I don't think Tom wants to go to Australia with me.
Didn't you know Tom was going to Australia with me?
Tom says that he wants to go to Australia with me.
The only person that Tom knows in Australia is me.
I think Tom won't want to go to Australia with me.
I convinced Tom he should go to Australia with me.
I thought that Tom would go to Australia with me.
I think that Tom won't come to Australia with me.
I think Tom should come to Australia to visit me.
I knew Tom would want to go to Australia with me.
I enjoyed the time I spent in Australia with you.
I don't know why Tom wants me to go to Australia.
I thought Tom would come to Australia to see me.
Tom said that he could go to Australia with me.
Tom said he wished he hadn't gone to Australia.
Tom was supposed to come to Australia with me.
Tom has learned a lot about Australia from me.
I thought Tom would come to Australia with me.
Tom says he wants to go to Australia with me.
Tom is the one who went to Australia with me.
Tom didn't want to come to Australia with me.
The only person Tom knows in Australia is me.
I told Tom that he shouldn't go to Australia.
Tom was supposed to go to Australia with me.
Tom isn't likely to go to Australia with me.
Tom is going to come to Australia to see me.
Tom has promised to go to Australia with me.
I've learned a lot about Australia from Tom.
I thought Tom would go to Australia with me.
I think Tom won't come to Australia with me.
I really wanted to go to Australia with Tom.
Tom wants you to come to Australia with me.
Tom is supposed to go to Australia with me.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia with me.
Perhaps Tom will come to Australia with me.
I'm the only person Tom knows in Australia.
Tom said he could go to Australia with me.
Tom has agreed to go to Australia with me.
Tom wants you to go to Australia with me.
Tom spent Christmas in Australia with me.
I learned a lot about Australia from Tom.
Both Tom and I wanted to go to Australia.
Tom wanted to come to Australia with me.
Tom should've gone to Australia with me.
Tom should've come to Australia with me.
Tom returned to Australia to be with me.
I told Tom he shouldn't go to Australia.
Tom refused to go to Australia with me.
Maybe Tom will go to Australia with me.
It was in Australia that Tom and I met.
Tom may not come to Australia with me.
Tom didn't want me to go to Australia.
Tom wouldn't go to Australia with me.
Tom is coming to Australia to see me.
I advised Tom not to go to Australia.
Tom has come to Australia to see me.
Tom has to go to Australia with me.
I hope Tom doesn't go to Australia.
Tom might go to Australia with me.
Tom is from Australia and so am I.
Tom came to Australia to visit me.
Tom wanted me to go to Australia.
Tom wants me to go to Australia.
Tom came to Australia to see me.
Tom is in Australia with me.
Many Canadians say that they want to visit to Australia.
I've promised Tom I'd go to Australia with him.
Tom always wears a hat in the summer.
I've become forgetful.
My parents died when I was three years old.
My father lives and works in Boston.
Please don't enter the room without knocking.
I've finished cleaning my room.
I hope you aren't catching a cold.
I hope you're not catching a cold.
Tom usually wears a hat when he goes out.
My father doesn't always walk to work.
Tom is arriving at the station at 2:30.
You don't know what it's like to be poor.
I've forgotten to bring something to write with.
It took Tom a long time to choose a pair of shoes.
I think that Tom might change his mind.
I think Tom might change his mind.
It seems to me Tom knows everything.
It seems to me that Tom knows everything.
I hope you haven't caught a cold.
Those trees are blocking our view.
Those trees are blocking our view of the lake.
If we cut down these three trees, we could probably see the lake from our porch.
I forgot to bring something to write with.
Do you know when to do it?
The firefighters rescued them from the elevator.
Pass me the red pen.
When are we supposed to do that?
I just drove sixty kilometers.
They don't stop calling me.
I like the way Tom smiles.
It seems that Tom's only choice is to do that.
I think Tom will come back soon.
I wonder what's become of Tom.
We remember he doesn't like dogs.
What do you have to read?
I have to get it back.
We said something.
We forgot you don't like pizza.
We forgot you have friends from that city.
There are also offices on the second floor.
Please hand me that red pen.
To go to the pool you need a swimsuit, sunglasses, and a towel.
They forgot I got a key to that door.
They forgot I don't like ice cream.
They forgot I am the CEO of this company.
I forgot you're Tom's best friend.
I forgot he's your boyfriend.
I forgot that you're Tom's friend.
I forgot you're Tom's friend.
I forgot that you were Tom's wife.
I forgot you were Tom's wife.
I forgot that you used to be married to Tom.
I forgot you used to be married to Tom.
I forgot Tom used to live in Boston.
I forgot that you're Tom's best friend.
She was born in El Toboso.
Did you forget I'm the boss here?
I have a very boring job.
The elevator doesn't go up to the roof.
Did they forget tomorrow's my birthday?
Did they forget I'm going to visit them today?
Did they forget I gave it to them?
I forgot that today was your birthday.
This technique isn't easy to learn.
Did you forget I was not there when it happened?
Did he forget I'm his boyfriend?
It's so windy!
He was in a good mood.
He's not American, he's English.
She barely ate anything.
You need not worry about Tom.
We couldn't help feeling sorry for Tom.
There are about thirty students in Tom's class.
I got Tom to wash dishes.
I remember Tom was wearing a brown hat.
I remember that Tom was wearing a brown hat.
Mary knows how to dance well.
The eggs were bought in the supermarket.
Marco has no right to change something in an article written by someone else.
Nefertari was an Egyptian queen.
Men like to talk.
I've studied the Spanish language, and I've learned many things about the geography, history, and literature of Spanish-speaking countries, but until now, I've never had the opportunity to talk to people from those countries.
The number of sentences on Tatoeba has surpassed one and a half million.
You didn't have to finish early.
She is her real mother.
Why are you crying, my love?
The sky is gray.
Unfavorable circumstances prevented me from traveling.
It would be unseemly to remarry the day after the divorce becomes final.
It feels like fall.
The politician tried to solve a difficult problem.
His son was killed during a duel.
You are really too stupid.
That doesn't seem to be a problem to me.
The last time I saw him was at your place.
Tom is womanizer.
By interacting with society, one acquires everyday culture.
Tom can't swim. However, he is a good baseball player.
People very often give me ties as gifts, but I almost never wear them.
You don't have a right to go there.
She will go out this afternoon.
We entered a narrow corridor.
Writing fatigued me.
There are cherry trees near the castle fountain.
The problem consists in the fact that the child was overly indulged.
The contagious persons were placed in quarantine.
I don't understand you either.
The black pawns belong to me.
What are you mumbling?
I don't know how many people are presently learning Esperanto.
You never cared much for me.
Are your parents teachers?
The police are after us.
These two animals belong to the same superphylum.
What's the difference between boiling and simmering?
Why don't you tell us a little bit about yourselves?
Mary baked her husband a pumpkin pie.
You haven't been to Boston in a long time, have you?
Tom was attacked by wolves.
You know how to get in touch with me if you need me.
I wanted to do that before Tom asked me to.
Do you remember what happened last year at this time?
Tom says that he isn't planning on going anywhere.
Tom says that he isn't planning to go anywhere.
I've known Mary since she was a little girl.
Modesty is a virtue.
It doesn't make any difference to me what you think.
I'm not sure what Tom meant.
It took a long time for me to write this report.
It doesn't matter to me whether Tom comes here or not.
Did the children forget to brush their teeth before they went to bed?
Did the employees forget to greet the boss?
Did the audience stop clapping?
Did the singer stop singing?
Did the car stop in front of the bank?
Did the driver get out of the car?
Did the stars shine bright last night?
"Were the stars visible last night?" "No, because it was cloudy last night."
Did the students leave the room early?
Did the host prepare a dessert for the guests?
Did the orphans play with their dolls?
Did the new orphan play with the other orphans?
Did you see what they did to the turkey?
No one should tell you who to love.
What is a basher?
Did they go to the park with them?
Did Tom go to the park with Mary?
Did Tom and Mary go to the park together?
This box is quite heavy.
This box isn't very heavy.
This box is not so heavy.
I don't want to play with you anymore.
If I can help you with something, just ask.
A chinch bug is climbing the window.
It's anybody's guess when Tom will be here.
They were killed just because they were Europeans and Christians.
It was wise of you to stay away from Tom.
It's my fault that we got here late.
I think Tom and Mary have been married for three years.
It's your money. You can do whatever you want with it.
Have you started your Christmas shopping?
Christmas is around the corner.
Christmas is right around the corner.
It's my money. I can do whatever I want with it.
Have you started your Christmas shopping yet?
The first principle of accounting is the principle of going concern.
Thank you for your help. I apologize for the confusion.
We must let people invent their own values by giving them the maximum freedom of creation. Because at a certain level of depth, if a culture is real, it is liberating.
Close, Sesame!
Christmas? Never heard of it.
Sadness is not a pathological state; it is an unavoidable consequence of consciousness.
Do you know your child's father's blood type?
Do you know the blood type of your child's father?
Yesterday, Mark had a bit of a fever, but today, he's doing great
I don't sell their sheep.
I had a feeling something like that was going to happen.
Have you finished your Christmas shopping yet?
It seems Tom likes doing that.
It seems that Tom likes doing that.
It seems Tom knows the truth.
It seems that Tom knows the truth.
It seems that Tom is happy with his new job.
It seems Tom is happy with his new job.
They entered the zoo.
I watch TV every day.
We expect that Tom will pass the examination.
It appears Tom was mistaken.
It appears that Tom was mistaken.
It seems Tom is very busy today.
It seems that Tom is very busy today.
It seems Tom is rich.
It seems that Tom is rich.
It seems Tom is wrong.
It seems that Tom is wrong.
It seems Tom doesn't know how to do that.
It seems that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I found Tom working in the garden.
It seems Tom is aware that Mary didn't do that.
It seems that Tom is aware Mary didn't do that.
It seems Tom is aware Mary didn't do that.
It seems that Tom is aware that Mary didn't do that.
It seems Tom knows everything.
It seems that Tom knows everything.
We decided to leave Tom alone for a while.
It doesn't matter whether Tom comes late or not.
That's the tallest tree that I've ever seen.
That's the tallest tree I've ever seen.
It took me some time to persuade Tom to do that.
I think Tom's suggestion is worth considering.
It won't be easy to find someone capable of taking Tom's place.
We thought Tom's threat was only a joke.
We thought that Tom's threat was only a joke.
I think that Tom's suggestion is worth considering.
His smile put me at ease.
When I get better, I'll be able to finish the work.
It would be better for you to speak to Tom.
It was foolish of you to try to get Tom to do that.
We learned that Tom had an accident.
It was difficult to persuade Tom to change his mind.
I was walking along the river when I slipped and fell into the water.
We hold fast to what we believe in.
Who are you asking about?
I'm not a coward like you.
It's true that today women have more rights, but before they had more power.
She is going to be in for a great surprise.
Did you get some rest?
During the trip, he sat silent absorbed in thought.
We must alert the police.
I haven't seen her for a year.
We leaned the ladder against the wall.
Here one has to wear a tie.
I want Tom to sing a song.
Did I arrive on time?
We may as well begin without Tom.
It's very hard to get along with Tom.
It isn't certain whether Tom will do that or not.
I share my office with two other colleagues.
Both were eager to become acquainted.
I have to wear a tie to work.
I'm required to wear a tie at work.
It was dark by the time Tom got home.
There were hundreds of taxis at the airport, all vying for customers.
It wasn't easy for me to keep my promise.
She came running up.
It seems obvious that Tom isn't able to swim.
It seems obvious Tom isn't able to swim.
It's all an act.
It's too much for you to handle.
I sang the national anthem.
We saw Tom walk across the street.
Everything in the bathroom is tiled except the ceiling.
It took Tom three months to learn how to do that.
It doesn't matter whether Tom agrees or not.
I was surprised when I saw Tom in the office this morning.
I hope I'll see him tomorrow.
Sometimes I wonder what he's thinking about.
Thanks for bringing me up to date on this matter.
We all stood and sang the national anthem.
I have no idea where Tom is right now.
We heard Tom come downstairs.
It was clear what Tom was going to do.
I have no idea where Tom has gone.
He lives in front of my house.
He is angry against me.
The coffee is on me.
I have fallen in love with you.
I told him to study.
I told her to study.
Let me see her.
Can you provide a few examples?
He never sued Tom.
Since I didn't know what to say, I remained silent.
He stayed in France for a while and then went to Italy.
We got a 1.meter high grinch tree from mom.
Make sure the guillotine is in working condition.
Do you get money for doing this?
I don't do it because I get money for it.
He who angers you conquers you.
Would you do it even if you got no money for it?
Do you have any gum? I've got really bad cottonmouth.
How do you cope with so many people disliking you?
His popularity was reduced to half within a year.
Tom saw the bigger picture.
I had a good idea a few minutes ago.
The language in which he completed all of his studies was Finnish.
Tomatoes are delicious whether you eat them raw, cooked or braised.
Among the items found in the purse was the photo of a man.
Abolishing the deficit is a difficult task.
I don't do it for the money.
You can't pay me enough to do that.
They are familiar for me.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
I drank a bottle of champagne.
Consider it.
You have little to gain and a lot to lose.
I've never heard Tom lie.
It's obvious Tom was lying.
It's obvious that Tom was lying.
Tom looks like his mother's father.
Mary looks a lot like her father's mother.
My thirteen-year-old is going on her first date tomorrow.
My thirteen-year-old daughter is going on her first date tomorrow.
My thirteen-year-old is going on his first date tomorrow.
My thirteen-year-old son is going on his first date tomorrow.
We thought you were crying.
We thought you were singing.
We thought you were sleeping.
We thought you were in the kitchen.
It won't take long to do that.
I suppose that Tom was happy then.
We'll be landing in minutes.
We'll be landing in fifteen minutes.
Tom and I used to go mountain climbing together.
Tom has never been beaten at tennis.
I suppose Tom was happy then.
I've been silent for a long time.
We shouldn't make fun of others.
You have to keep your shoes clean.
Kindness is not synonymous with passivity.
Tom can't walk without a cane.
Tom has to wash his clothes.
Tom needs to wash his clothes.
Tom ought to wash his clothes.
Tom should wash his clothes.
You have to make a living.
You've got to make a living.
You've got to eat.
Tom bought a shirt yesterday.
"Are you coming with us?" "Yes, of course!"
Tom doesn't drink alcoholespecially not whiskey.
Tom admitted what he said earlier wasn't true.
Tom admitted that what he said earlier wasn't true.
It's a good newspaper, isn't it?
My flat is near here.
My flat isn't far from here.
She still remembers you.
Breathe, motherfucker!
About how long is it going to last?
She has been to London three times.
She's from Lisbon.
She wants to be a tennis player.
I've seen a live whale.
He died in a plane crash.
I've seen a live whale once.
I wrote to Tom last month.
You have to work hard if you want to succeed.
You've done a very good job.
You shouldn't ask a woman her age.
I've read every book on the shelf.
I gave Tom some books.
About how long is the party going to last?
How long do you think this pair of shoes will last?
About how long do you think the meeting will be?
Happy Christmas to you and your family.
I'd like another cup of tea before I go.
Please wait until I've finished my homework.
We should make it in time if the traffic isn't too heavy.
I want a car, but I don't have money to buy one.
There'll be a concert next Monday.
I have to get my watch repaired.
Tom never drinks at home, but he sometimes goes out and drinks with his friends.
Mary didn't recognize her ex-husband.
Don't blame yourselves. You did everything you could.
Tom is being interrogated.
Don't do anything to attract attention to yourselves.
I wish now I'd done what Tom told me to do.
Don't take yourselves so seriously. No one else does.
Mary didn't want to lose her husband.
I bought a flashlight, but I forgot to buy batteries.
Tom is brushing his horse.
I don't know how long it'll take me to get to Boston.
The regrets that we will have as we lay dying will not be over missed opportunities to make more money, to work longer hours, or to invest our money more strategically. We should ask ourselves now: "Have I loved well?" "Is there joy in my heart?" "How can I let go of fear and open to freedom?" "How can I better serve my fellow man?"
He sleeps like a baby.
How can I better serve my fellow man?
What's for pudding?
I never spoke.
He'll give it to you.
They adjourned the meetings.
I felt that something was amiss.
He is already a long way from here.
She has a basket full of apples.
She doesn't need any money right now.
You are in danger.
They checked to see if the machine was defective.
I've always wanted to learn Gaelic.
You scammed your clients.
Please turn on the air conditioner.
If you cross the street, pay attention to the cars.
We raise beautiful rabbits.
It must be washed.
It isn't my fault that you got into an argument.
Rain is falling on the rooftops and the sidewalks.
They lived in Algiers for more than a year.
Which weighs more: a kilo of straw or a kilo of iron?
During the time since she was raped, she has been in the care of a psychologist.
I gave Tom a piece of my mind.
They saw her walking along the sidewalk.
He divided his books into five categories.
I walked barefoot over burning coals.
Tom was stripped to the waist.
It is forbidden to eat or drink in the library.
Even night falls on the longest day of the year.
I won't be playing tennis with Tom anymore.
I don't know how long it'll take us to get to Boston.
Mary has remarried her first husband.
I don't think I'm tall enough to reach the top shelf.
Tom is carrying a gym bag.
I have a long list of things I'm not supposed to eat.
I won't do what Tom said he wants me to do.
I haven't had to deal with this kind of thing before.
They're going to take care of it themselves.
Would you be so kind as to answer a few questions?
Please show me that on the map.
They bought Mary an expensive umbrella.
Would you please lend me a pen?
Don't let the child play with knives.
She is afraid of escalators.
Although I grew up on a farm, I don't know much about agriculture.
I'm sorry, but I can't put it into words.
You are getting undressed.
It's not something one should laugh about and yet they were laughing.
You shouldn't let children play with knives.
It's not a good idea to let children play with knives.
Who else is on the list?
We got into trouble because of my brother-in-law.
We got in trouble because of my brother-in-law.
I have no idea where my brother-in-law is.
Let's hope my brother-in-law hasn't signed the contract yet.
Let's hope that my brother-in-law has not yet signed the contract.
My brother-in-law would like me to be his son's godfather.
My brother-in-law would like for me to be his son's godfather.
My best friend isn't Thai.
Tom told Mary that he would be spending Christmas in Boston.
My grandparents will be here for Christmas.
Tom and Mary spent the day putting up Christmas decorations.
We always go to church on Christmas Eve.
Have you seen the necklace Tom gave Mary for Christmas?
Many people eat turkey on Christmas Day.
Tom makes his own original Christmas cards every year.
We haven't yet bought a Christmas tree.
Tom spent all afternoon wrapping Christmas presents.
Christmas is getting so commercialized.
Tom will be staying with his cousin over Christmas.
Christmas has become so commercialized.
Tom was wearing a Santa hat at the Christmas party.
Will you be coming home for Christmas?
Tom and Mary decorated their Christmas tree today.
Let's all get together over Christmas.
Tom always goes back home to Boston for Christmas.
Will you be going home for Christmas?
Tom sent everyone in the office a Christmas card.
We decorated our house for Christmas.
Tom only sees his family at Christmas and Easter.
Toy sales peak just before Christmas.
Tom had Christmas lights strung up on his porch.
Tom sent Christmas cards to all his friends.
We hope to see you on Christmas Eve.
