I know Tom didn't want to do that with you.
I know Tom didn't know we couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know he couldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary should do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know I'd never done that.
I know Tom didn't know I wanted to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I shouldn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know I needed to do that.
I know Tom did that by himself last Monday.
I know Tom could teach Mary how to do that.
I know Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
I know Tom could stop Mary from doing that.
I know Tom can't stop Mary from doing that.
I know Tom can't keep Mary from doing that.
I know Tom can't help us do that next week.
I know Tom can't do that without some help.
I know Tom can do that without Mary's help.
I know Tom and Mary didn't travel together.
I know Tom already knows why Mary did that.
I know I won't have enough time to do that.
I know I was supposed to do that last week.
I know I might not need to do that anymore.
I know I have to do that before Tom leaves.
I knew that it wouldn't be hard to do that.
I knew that it wouldn't be easy to do that.
I knew that Tom would permit me to do that.
I knew that Tom would be afraid to do that.
I knew that Tom would appreciate your help.
I knew that Tom would allow you to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't paid for doing that.
I knew that Tom wasn't finished doing that.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good teacher.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good student.
I knew that Tom wasn't a really bad driver.
I knew that Tom was going to do that today.
I knew that Tom was going to do that again.
I knew that Tom was afraid to say anything.
I knew that Tom was about ready to do that.
I knew that Tom was a very creative person.
I knew that Tom was a very competitive guy.
I knew that Tom was a little older than me.
I knew that Tom knew why he should do that.
I knew that Tom knew who wanted to do that.
I knew that Tom knew who needed to do that.
I knew that Tom knew who did that for Mary.
I knew that Tom isn't as good cook as I am.
I knew that Tom hadn't intended to do that.
I knew that Tom had worked as a bus driver.
I knew that Tom and only Tom could do that.
I knew that I should do that, but I didn't.
I knew Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be a very good teacher.
I knew Tom would really do that by himself.
I knew Tom would be happier if he did that.
I knew Tom wasn't used to getting up early.
I knew Tom wasn't the first one to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't interested in doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't alone in the living room.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good chess player.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good banjo player.
I knew Tom wasn't a close friend of Mary's.
I knew Tom was wasting his time doing that.
I knew Tom was waiting for Mary to do that.
I knew Tom was unlikely to want to do that.
I knew Tom was supposed to help us do that.
I knew Tom was supposed to help me do that.
I knew Tom was still in his room, studying.
I knew Tom was in his bedroom sound asleep.
I knew Tom was going to do that eventually.
I knew Tom was going to be able to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask you to do that.
I knew Tom was finished doing that already.
I knew Tom was already finished doing that.
I knew Tom was afraid to refuse to do that.
I knew Tom was a long-time Boston resident.
I knew Tom was a little worried about Mary.
I knew Tom was a better swimmer than I was.
I knew Tom might need to do that this week.
I knew Tom might have to do that this week.
I knew Tom knew why Mary wanted to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary needed to do that.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that with you.
I knew Tom couldn't speak French very well.
I knew I wasn't going to get there in time.
I knew I shouldn't have done that with Tom.
I knew I might not need to do that anymore.
I hope you know that isn't going to happen.
I hope that Tom is in a good mood tomorrow.
I hope that Tom hasn't been seriously hurt.
I have several questions I want to ask you.
I have several questions I need to ask you.
I dreamed that I won three million dollars.
I doubted Tom needed to do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom really planned to do that.
I doubt that Tom really enjoyed doing that.
I doubt that Tom has to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom will be able to deal with that.
I doubt Tom really needed to do that alone.
I doubt Tom really needed to do that again.
I doubt Tom really did that all by himself.
I doubt Tom could do that even if he tried.
I don't want anybody to know that I'm here.
I don't think that Tom will try to do that.
I don't think that Tom is allergic to cats.
I don't think that Tom can do that anymore.
I don't think Tom was home on October 20th.
I don't think Tom needed to do that either.
I don't think Tom is much shorter than you.
I don't think Tom can finish the job alone.
I don't like wearing anyone else's clothes.
I don't know we're not supposed to do that.
I didn't think you'd do that by yourselves.
I didn't think that I'd be able to do that.
I didn't think Tom would regret doing that.
I didn't think Tom would refuse to do that.
I didn't think Tom could help me with that.
I didn't realize that Tom didn't like Mary.
I didn't realize Tom was planning to leave.
I didn't know you were allergic to peanuts.
I didn't know you used to do that with Tom.
I didn't know you had to do that this week.
I didn't know that you'd already done that.
I didn't know that you would do that today.
I didn't know that you were seeing someone.
I didn't know that you were related to Tom.
I didn't know that you were married to Tom.
I didn't know that you were looking for me.
I didn't know that you sang professionally.
I didn't know that you liked horror movies.
I didn't know that Tom was still in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom was deaf in one ear.
I didn't know that Tom was a dermatologist.
I didn't know that Tom was a dance teacher.
I didn't know that Tom had been doing that.
I didn't know that I was going to be fired.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't do that anymore.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't be at the party.
I didn't know Tom would do that right away.
I didn't know Tom would do that on purpose.
I didn't know Tom would do that by himself.
I didn't know Tom would be able to do that.
I didn't know Tom was too tired to do that.
I didn't know Tom was doing that right now.
I didn't know Tom was a relative of Mary's.
I didn't know Tom was a child psychologist.
I didn't know Tom used to teach you French.
I didn't know Tom told Mary not to do that.
I didn't know Tom no longer had to do that.
I didn't know Tom might be able to do that.
I didn't know Tom liked to play volleyball.
I didn't know Tom knew who did that for us.
I didn't know Tom knew who did that for me.
I didn't know Tom knew anyone who did that.
I didn't know Tom had three older brothers.
I didn't know Tom had done that by himself.
I didn't know Tom didn't do that with Mary.
I didn't know Tom didn't do that on Monday.
I didn't know Tom didn't do that last week.
I didn't know Tom couldn't legally do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary worked together.
I didn't know I was doing that incorrectly.
I didn't know I shouldn't do that with Tom.
I didn't know I needed to do that with Tom.
I didn't even know Tom was in the hospital.
I didn't eat as many vegetables as you did.
I can't believe you're actually doing that.
I can't believe you did that by yourselves.
I can't believe that you actually did that.
I can't believe that Tom actually did that.
I can't believe Tom is actually doing that.
I already knew Tom was planning to do that.
How do you know that they aren't Canadians?
How do you know Tom was the one who did it?
How do you know Tom isn't a native speaker?
How do we know that you're really a doctor?
How do we know that you're not lying to us?
How did you know that Tom couldn't do that?
How did you know that I wanted to kiss Tom?
How did you know that I wanted to be alone?
How did you know Tom going to quit his job?
How did you know I wanted to do that today?
How did people know that I wasn't Canadian?
How did Tom know Mary was going to do that?
Everyone knows that we're in love with Tom.
Everyone knows Bell invented the telephone.
Everyone here knows that we don't eat pork.
Everybody knows that Tom agreed to do that.
Everybody knows that I'm a friend of Tom's.
Everybody here knows that Tom is in Boston.
Everybody agrees it was the right decision.
Everybody agreed it was the right decision.
Don't you know that I'm going out with Tom?
Does Tom know you want to do that with him?
Does Tom know that you've done that before?
Does Tom know that you've been here before?
Does Tom know that you were born in Boston?
Does Tom know that you can't do that today?
Does Tom know that I don't want to do that?
Does Tom know that I don't want him to win?
Do you think you can do that by yourselves?
Do you think that Tom made a good decision?
Do Tom and Mary know that you've done that?
Didn't you know that you shouldn't do that?
Didn't you know that you needed to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom needed to do that?
Didn't you know Tom was a friend of Mary's?
Didn't you know I'd never done that before?
Didn't Tom know he was supposed to do that?
Did you really not know Tom had to do that?
Did you know that I was going to get fired?
Did you know Tom wasn't having a good time?
Did Tom know he was doing it the wrong way?
Both Tom and Mary have decided not to stay.
Are you sure you can do that by yourselves?
You should let Tom know you won't do that.
You should let Tom know you want to drive.
You should let Tom know you can't do that.
You should let Tom know Mary will do that.
You ought to let Tom know you can't drive.
You know that you're beautiful, don't you?
You know that you can always count on Tom.
You know that Tom can't do that very well.
You know that I'd do anything to help you.
You know that I love all three of you.
You know that I have no choice, don't you?
You know Tom is a baseball fan, don't you?
You know I'm afraid to do that, don't you?
You know I don't often do that, don't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom couldn't do that, didn't you?
You do know you should do that, don't you?
You can do that, Tom. I know that you can.
Why don't you let Tom know you'll do that?
Why didn't you tell me you had to do that?
Why didn't you tell me Tom should do that?
Why didn't you tell me Tom had to do that?
Who told you I was in Boston last weekend?
What you said makes didn't make any sense.
What Tom said makes didn't make any sense.
We hope Tom hasn't been seriously injured.
We didn't know that you needed to do that.
We all know that Tom is in love with Mary.
We all know Tom didn't do that by himself.
Tom's stepmom isn't much older than he is.
Tom won't leave his children here with us.
Tom won't find anybody to do that for him.
Tom wished he knew how to make Mary happy.
Tom will find somebody to do that for him.
Tom wasn't able to sell even one painting.
Tom was the first name that we thought of.
Tom was stabbed by somebody on the subway.
Tom was only pretending that he was tired.
Tom was just pretending that he was tired.
Tom tried to tell everyone how to do that.
Tom tried to convince Mary he had changed.
Tom told me that Mary doesn't want to eat.
Tom told me that I should go to Australia.
Tom told me he'll be home on October 20th.
Tom told me he thinks he's being followed.
Tom told everybody that he had to do that.
Tom told Mary he was home on October 20th.
Tom told Mary he had seen John in October.
Tom thought that I didn't need to do that.
Tom thought that I didn't have to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary is the woman for her.
Tom talked to the boys he met in the park.
Tom started to take things out of the box.
Tom soon realized that Mary wasn't joking.
Tom seems to enjoy talking about his kids.
Tom scolded his son in front of everybody.
Tom says there's no chance he'll be fired.
Tom says that he'll try to fix it himself.
Tom says that he'll leave on October 20th.
Tom says that he needs a little more time.
Tom says that he can wait, but Mary can't.
Tom says he knows that Mary won't do that.
Tom says he knows that Mary could do that.
Tom says he knows that Mary can't do that.
Tom says he can't pay his rent this month.
Tom said they didn't ask him for anything.
Tom said that he thought that I was flaky.
Tom said that he thought I should do that.
Tom said that he thought I had to do that.
Tom said that he had given a book to Mary.
Tom said that he did that on October 20th.
Tom said that didn't sound logical to him.
Tom said he's considered quitting his job.
Tom said he was really worried about Mary.
Tom said he thought we should leave early.
Tom said he thought that I should do that.
Tom said he thought that I had to do that.
Tom said he thought it would snow tonight.
Tom said he thought I was being too noisy.
Tom said he planned to go on October 20th.
Tom said he hoped Mary was getting better.
Tom said he got back home on October 20th.
Tom said Mary was at home on October 20th.
Tom remembered he was supposed to do that.
Tom really thought that we should do that.
Tom really thought that we had to do that.
Tom really thought that he should do that.
Tom really thought that he had to do that.
Tom really thought Mary wanted to do that.
Tom really thought Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom really thought Mary needed to do that.
Tom realized that you couldn't to do that.
Tom realized that we shouldn't to do that.
Tom realized that he shouldn't to do that.
Tom realized that Mary was staring at him.
Tom realized everybody was looking at him.
Tom realized Mary didn't want to be there.
Tom promised he'd be here on October 20th.
Tom left without saying goodbye to anyone.
Tom knew that Mary was trying to find him.
Tom kept saying he didn't know what to do.
Tom jotted down Mary's number on a napkin.
Tom jotted Mary's number down on a napkin.
Tom is much more intelligent than Mary is.
Tom is convinced that he ought to do that.
Tom is convinced that he needs to do that.
Tom is convinced that Mary has to do that.
Tom is afraid that that's going to happen.
Tom has thought of a way he can help Mary.
Tom has never told anyone why he did that.
Tom has never told anybody why he did that.
Tom has decided he's not going to say yes.
Tom has decided he's not going to do that.
Tom has decided he's not going to buy one.
Tom has decided he isn't going to say yes.
Tom has decided he isn't going to do that.
Tom has decided he isn't going to buy one.
Tom has assured me that that won't happen.
Tom had no idea that I was Mary's brother.
Tom had no idea Mary was going to do that.
Tom graduated the same year that Mary did.
Tom gave Mary a copy of the book he wrote.
Tom forgot to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom doesn't want to be treated like a kid.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know he's rich.
Tom doesn't like to be touched by anybody.
Tom doesn't know that you were helping me.
Tom doesn't know that I wish he'd go home.
Tom doesn't know Mary is in love with him.
Tom doesn't know I wish that he'd go home.
Tom didn't tell anybody he had to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary he needed to do that.
Tom didn't realize that we should do that.
Tom didn't realize that we had to do that.
Tom didn't realize that he should do that.
Tom didn't realize that he had to do that.
Tom didn't like the movie that Mary chose.
Tom didn't know you were planning to stay.
Tom didn't know the buses weren't running.
Tom didn't know that you were from Boston.
Tom didn't know that you didn't know Mary.
Tom didn't know classes had been canceled.
Tom didn't know Mary was planning to stay.
Tom didn't know Mary was in love with him.
Tom didn't know Mary was going to be late.
Tom didn't know Mary was going to be here.
Tom didn't know Mary was back from Boston.
Tom didn't know Mary was a French teacher.
Tom didn't know Mary used to teach French.
Tom definitely knows he shouldn't be here.
Tom claims that he didn't damage the book.
Tom claims he killed Mary in self-defense.
Tom can speak French better than Mary can.
Tom can do that much better than Mary can.
Tom called Mary and told her he loved her.
Tom bought each of his children a present.
Tom bought an expensive bracelet for Mary.
Tom assumed that everyone knew who he was.
Tom assumed that everyone knew what to do.
Tom assumed that Mary was still in Boston.
Tom assumed everyone knew where he'd gone.
Tom asked Mary to give him another chance.
Tom and Mary know that you didn't do that.
Tom and Mary have both decided to help us.
Tom and Mary have both decided to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that I'd be here.
Tom and Mary already know John is in jail.
Tom already knows we want to talk to Mary.
This pair of shoes cost me thirty dollars.
There's not enough light to take pictures.
There's no way Tom can do that by himself.
There's no reason I need to do that today.
There isn't enough light to take pictures.
The doctors assured Tom that he'd be fine.
The doctor assured Tom Mary would be fine.
Someone told me Tom was allergic to wheat.
Nobody knew that Tom was going to do that.
No one knew that Tom was going to do that.
It's possible Tom might not know I'm here.
It's possible Tom may not know what to do.
It was clear that Tom had been doing that.
It was clear Tom wouldn't need to do that.
It was clear Tom wouldn't have to do that.
It was clear Tom was too tired to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who did that.
It was clear Tom was reluctant to do that.
It was clear Tom was motivated to do that.
It was clear Tom was desperate to do that.
It was clear Tom hadn't agreed to do that.
It was clear Tom had forgotten to do that.
It was clear Tom had done that by himself.
It seems likely Tom was telling the truth.
If you're not careful, you might get hurt.
If you aren't careful, you might get hurt.
I'm sure Tom will be delighted to see you.
I'm pretty sure Tom knows that we're here.
I'm not sure that I want to do that again.
I'm not sure that I need to do that again.
I'm not sure that I have to do that again.
I wonder if Tom knows Mary has to do that.
I wish that you hadn't seen me doing that.
I wish that Tom hadn't seen us doing that.
I wish that Tom hadn't seen me doing that.
I want Tom to know we appreciate his help.
I understand that Tom does that sometimes.
I told Tom I wasn't going to pay for that.
I thought you knew Tom was Mary's brother.
I thought that you expected me to do that.
I thought that maybe you wouldn't show up.
I thought that maybe you wouldn't do that.
I thought that Tom would get mad for sure.
I thought that Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I thought that Tom should do that outside.
I thought that Tom should do that himself.
I thought that Tom said that he'd do that.
I thought that Tom ought to do that again.
I thought that Tom got injured doing that.
I thought that Tom expected me to do that.
I thought that Tom could do that for Mary.
I thought that Mary would want to do that.
I thought that Mary would need to do that.
I thought that Mary would have to do that.
I thought Tom would be willing to do that.
I think you should go there by yourselves.
I think this picture was taken in October.
I think that we need to air out this room.
I think that everybody already knows that.
I think that Tom's proposal is a good one.
I think that Tom would be a good roommate.
I think that Tom would be a good neighbor.
I think that Tom isn't doing that anymore.
I think that Tom is much busier than Mary.
I think that Tom is almost done for today.
I think that Tom is almost as tall as you.
I think that Tom is about to start crying.
I think that Tom is about half Mary's age.
I think that Tom is a pretty good painter.
I think that Tom has spent time in prison.
I think that Tom did that on October 20th.
I think Tom won't be home on October 20th.
I think Tom isn't much older than Mary is.
I think Tom isn't able to do that anymore.
I think Tom is all packed and ready to go.
I think Tom is about the same age as I am.
I think Tom has been seeing somebody else.
I think Tom and only Tom wants to do that.
I think Tom and only Tom needs to do that.
I think I can do that better than you can.
I still don't understand what's happening.
I realize that Tom hasn't been doing that.
I realize that Tom has actually done that.
I realize Tom might be tempted to do that.
I realize Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I realize Tom could easily have done that.
I pretended that I didn't know what to do.
I never knew that Tom knew how to do that.
I never dreamed that I'd ever be so happy.
I know you won't be busy all day tomorrow.
I know you might think that I'm too young.
I know you aren't ready to deal with this.
I know you and Tom didn't travel together.
I know that you've seen some awful things.
I know that you've been worried about Tom.
I know that you've been telling the truth.
I know that you've always cared about Tom.
I know that you're just trying to help me.
I know that you want to tell me something.
I know that you want to go back to Boston.
I know that you probably don't want to go.
I know that you might think I'm too young.
I know that you have to go back to Boston.
I know that you don't want that to happen.
I know that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I know that Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I know that Tom would've done that for me.
I know that Tom would never do that again.
I know that Tom would make a good manager.
I know that Tom would know not to do that.
I know that Tom would have fun doing that.
I know that Tom would do that if he could.
I know that Tom would be happy to do that.
I know that Tom would be happy doing that.
I know that Tom would allow us to do that.
I know that Tom would allow me to do that.
I know that Tom won't very likely do that.
I know that Tom won't likely do that here.
I know that Tom won't know how to do that.
I know that Tom won't be ready to do that.
I know that Tom won't be doing that today.
I know that Tom won't be doing that alone.
I know that Tom won't be doing that again.
I know that Tom won't ask Mary to do that.
I know that Tom won't allow us to do that.
I know that Tom won't allow me to do that.
I know that Tom will permit us to do that.
I know that Tom will permit me to do that.
I know that Tom will need help doing that.
I know that Tom will likely do that later.
I know that Tom will be a worthy opponent.
I know that Tom will allow you to do that.
I know that Tom wasn't nervous doing that.
I know that Tom used to be a speech coach.
I know that Tom used to be a prison guard.
I know that Tom used to be a heavy smoker.
I know that Tom used to be a chain smoker.
I know that Tom used to be a car salesman.
I know that Tom used to be a car mechanic.
I know that Tom shouldn't do that anymore.
I know that Tom should do that by himself.
I know that Tom might not want to do that.
I know that Tom might not need to do that.
I know that Tom might not have to do that.
I know that Tom might not do that anymore.
I know that Tom might ask Mary to do that.
I know that Tom knows where Mary did that.
I know that Tom knows he ought to do that.
I know that Tom knows Mary should do that.
I know that Tom knows Mary has to do that.
I know that Tom knows Mary had to do that.
I know that Tom knows Mary didn't do that.
I know that Tom knows I wanted to do that.
I know that Tom knows I shouldn't do that.
I know that Tom knows I needed to do that.
I know that Tom knew why I had to do that.
I know that Tom knew why I didn't do that.
I know that Tom knew who did that to Mary.
I know that Tom knew who did that for you.
I know that Tom knew who did that for him.
I know that Tom knew that I had done that.
I know that Tom knew he shouldn't do that.
I know that Tom knew he needed to do that.
I know that Tom isn't prepared to do that.
I know that Tom isn't planning to do that.
I know that Tom isn't on the team anymore.
I know that Tom isn't much of a guitarist.
I know that Tom isn't finished doing that.
I know that Tom isn't a very smart person.
I know that Tom isn't a very good teacher.
I know that Tom isn't a very good swimmer.
I know that Tom isn't a very good student.
I know that Tom isn't a very good pitcher.
I know that Tom isn't a very good pianist.
I know that Tom isn't a very good painter.
I know that Tom isn't a very good manager.
I know that Tom isn't a very good juggler.
I know that Tom isn't a very good drummer.
I know that Tom isn't a very good acrobat.
I know that Tom isn't a very fast swimmer.
I know that Tom isn't a very creative guy.
I know that Tom isn't a very athletic guy.
I know that Tom isn't a terrible roommate.
I know that Tom isn't a really bad driver.
I know that Tom is usually very secretive.
I know that Tom is through doing that yet.
I know that Tom is someone we can rely on.
I know that Tom is going to be doing that.
I know that Tom is considering doing that.
I know that Tom is an electrical engineer.
I know that Tom is alone in his apartment.
I know that Tom is almost as tall as Mary.
I know that Tom is almost as tall as I am.
I know that Tom is afraid to say anything.
I know that Tom is afraid to get involved.
I know that Tom is afraid he'll get fired.
I know that Tom is about thirty years old.
I know that Tom is a year older than Mary.
I know that Tom is a year older than I am.
I know that Tom is a very peculiar person.
I know that Tom is a very outgoing person.
I know that Tom is a very intelligent guy.
I know that Tom is a very good songwriter.
I know that Tom is a very generous person.
I know that Tom is a very creative person.
I know that Tom is a very competitive guy.
I know that Tom is a university professor.
I know that Tom is a skilled chess player.
I know that Tom is a retired psychiatrist.
I know that Tom is a recovering alcoholic.
I know that Tom is a professor at Harvard.
I know that Tom is a pretty good salesman.
I know that Tom is a lot taller than Mary.
I know that Tom is a lot taller than I me.
I know that Tom is a lot taller than I am.
I know that Tom is a lot stronger than me.
I know that Tom is a lot shorter than you.
I know that Tom is a lot like his brother.
I know that Tom is a lot busier than I am.
I know that Tom is a little older than me.
I know that Tom is a kindergarten teacher.
I know that Tom is a high school graduate.
I know that Tom is a good friend of yours.
I know that Tom is a good baseball player.
I know that Tom is a fairly decent golfer.
I know that Tom is a different person now.
I know that Tom is a dedicated family man.
I know that Tom is a bit taller than Mary.
I know that Tom is a bit taller than I am.
I know that Tom has to do that by himself.
I know that Tom had to do that by himself.
I know that Tom doesn't do that very much.
I know that Tom does that as well as Mary.
I know that Tom didn't want me to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know Mary did that.
I know that Tom didn't do that on purpose.
I know that Tom didn't do that by mistake.
I know that Tom didn't do that by himself.
I know that Tom did that better this time.
I know that Tom could've done that better.
I know that Tom could get Mary to do that.
I know that Tom could do that if he tried.
I know that I'm supposed to do that today.
I know that I'm better at French than Tom.
I know that I'll be able to do that today.
I know that I shouldn't have eavesdropped.
I know that I shouldn't do that by myself.
I know that I should've done this earlier.
I know that I should've done that earlier.
I know that I don't need to do that again.
I know that I don't have to do that again.
I know that I did that with Tom last year.
I know Tom wouldn't be willing to do that.
I know Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
I know Tom would show Mary how to do that.
I know Tom would never be able to do that.
I know Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I know Tom would enjoy doing that with us.
I know Tom would be happy if you did that.
I know Tom would be angry if you did that.
I know Tom would be a really bad roommate.
I know Tom won't want to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom won't teach you how to do that.
I know Tom won't show Mary how to do that.
I know Tom won't help us do that tomorrow.
I know Tom won't be doing that by himself.
I know Tom won't be able to do that today.
I know Tom won't be able to do that again.
I know Tom won't allow me to do that here.
I know Tom won't able to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom will likely be able to do that.
I know Tom will be doing that again today.
I know Tom will agree to let Mary do that.
I know Tom wasn't yet finished doing that.
I know Tom wasn't really going to do that.
I know Tom was the last person to do that.
I know Tom was going to do that yesterday.
I know Tom wants to become a prison guard.
I know Tom wants to become a pediatrician.
I know Tom used to be a volunteer fireman.
I know Tom used to be a school bus driver.
I know Tom used to be a real estate agent.
I know Tom used to be a garbage collector.
I know Tom probably won't help us do that.
I know Tom probably won't help me do that.
I know Tom probably won't do that anymore.
I know Tom knows you knows how to do that.
I know Tom knows why Mary kept doing that.
I know Tom knows why I did that on Monday.
I know Tom knows why I did that by myself.
I know Tom knows we don't want to do that.
I know Tom knows we don't need to do that.
I know Tom knows we don't have to do that.
I know Tom knows that he ought to do that.
I know Tom knows that he needs to do that.
I know Tom knows that Mary should do that.
I know Tom knows that Mary has to do that.
I know Tom knows that Mary had to do that.
I know Tom knows that Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom knows that I wanted to do that.
I know Tom knows that I shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knows that I needed to do that.
I know Tom knows how to do that very well.
I know Tom knows he's supposed to do that.
I know Tom knows I shouldn't do that here.
I know Tom knows I didn't want to do that.
I know Tom knows I didn't need to do that.
I know Tom knows I didn't have to do that.
I know Tom knew that he shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knew that he needed to do that.
I know Tom knew he shouldn't do that here.
I know Tom knew he didn't need to do that.
I know Tom knew he didn't have to do that.
I know Tom knew Mary didn't often do that.
I know Tom knew I was planning to do that.
I know Tom knew I shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom isn't used to getting up early.
I know Tom isn't strong enough to do that.
I know Tom isn't much taller than Mary is.
I know Tom isn't going to want to do that.
I know Tom isn't going to like doing that.
I know Tom isn't going to let you do that.
I know Tom isn't going to help us do that.
I know Tom isn't going to do that anymore.
I know Tom isn't doing that the right way.
I know Tom isn't allergic to strawberries.
I know Tom isn't afraid to try to do that.
I know Tom isn't afraid to try new things.
I know Tom isn't accustomed to doing that.
I know Tom isn't a very good poker player.
I know Tom isn't a very good photographer.
I know Tom isn't a very good chess player.
I know Tom isn't a very good car mechanic.
I know Tom isn't a very good banjo player.
I know Tom isn't a person we should trust.
I know Tom isn't a close friend of Mary's.
I know Tom isn't a French teacher anymore.
I know Tom is three years older than Mary.
I know Tom is studying to be a pharmacist.
I know Tom is still there waiting for you.
I know Tom is still in his room, studying.
I know Tom is still determined to do that.
I know Tom is making spaghetti for dinner.
I know Tom is in his bedroom sound asleep.
I know Tom is going to do that eventually.
I know Tom is going to be able to do that.
I know Tom is getting tired of doing that.
I know Tom is afraid to refuse to do that.
I know Tom is afraid to go out after dark.
I know Tom is afraid that'll happen again.
I know Tom is afraid that he'll get fired.
I know Tom is about the same weight as me.
I know Tom is about the same height as me.
I know Tom is a very old friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a very good friend of yours.
I know Tom is a very compassionate person.
I know Tom is a pretty good tennis player.
I know Tom is a pretty good hockey player.
I know Tom is a man who likes a challenge.
I know Tom is a lot tougher than he looks.
I know Tom is a lot stronger than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than he looks.
I know Tom is a lot more creative than me.
I know Tom is a lot like I was at his age.
I know Tom is a long-time Boston resident.
I know Tom is a little worried about Mary.
I know Tom is a little older than Mary is.
I know Tom is a few years younger than me.
I know Tom is a few years older than Mary.
I know Tom is a few weeks behind schedule.
I know Tom is a fairly good tennis player.
I know Tom is a fairly good soccer player.
I know Tom is a fairly good guitar player.
I know Tom is a better skier than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better pilot than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better musician than Mary.
I know Tom has never done that by himself.
I know Tom expects me to help him do that.
I know Tom doesn't really want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know where we did that.
I know Tom doesn't know when you did that.
I know Tom doesn't know I want to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't have to do that either.
I know Tom does that as well as Mary does.
I know Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I know Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I know Tom didn't know you should do that.
I know Tom didn't know you had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know who should do that.
I know Tom didn't know who had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary did that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary could do that.
I know Tom didn't know I couldn't do that.
I know Tom could teach you how to do that.
I know Tom could convince Mary to do that.
I know Tom can't do that without our help.
I know Tom can't do that as well as I can.
I know Tom can help Mary do that tomorrow.
I know Tom almost never does that anymore.
I know I should do that while you're here.
I know I should do that while Tom is here.
I know I need to do that before I go home.
I know I might not have to do that at all.
I know I couldn't do that even if I tried.
I know I can do that if you help me a bit.
I knew that Tom wouldn't help you do that.
I knew that Tom would know not to do that.
I knew that Tom would know how to do that.
I knew that Tom would be ready to do that.
I knew that Tom would be happy to do that.
I knew that Tom would be happy doing that.
I knew that Tom would allow us to do that.
I knew that Tom would allow me to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't nervous doing that.
I knew that Tom wasn't allowed to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very patient man.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good singer.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very fussy eater.
I knew that Tom was old enough to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to do that, too.
I knew that Tom was determined to do that.
I knew that Tom was capable of doing that.
I knew that Tom was afraid he'd get fired.
I knew that Tom was abusing his authority.
I knew that Tom was a really good student.
I knew that Tom was a better cook than me.
I knew that Tom might ask Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why I had to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why I didn't do that.
I knew that Tom knew who did that to Mary.
I knew that Tom knew who did that for you.
I knew that Tom knew who did that for him.
I knew that Tom had to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom didn't want me to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't plan on doing that.
I knew that Tom didn't need me to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't do that very often.
I knew that Tom didn't do that by mistake.
I knew that Tom didn't do that by himself.
I knew that Tom could do that if he tried.
I knew Tom wouldn't be willing to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to find a job.
I knew Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I knew Tom would have the time to do that.
I knew Tom would get fired if he did that.
I knew Tom would get fired for doing that.
I knew Tom would enjoy doing that with us.
I knew Tom would be opposed to doing that.
I knew Tom would be happy if you did that.
I knew Tom would be doing that by himself.
I knew Tom would be angry if you did that.
I knew Tom wasn't yet finished doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't really going to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't finished doing that yet.
I knew Tom wasn't a native French speaker.
I knew Tom was still there waiting for me.
I knew Tom was going to help Mary do that.
I knew Tom was going to do that yesterday.
I knew Tom was going to do that with Mary.
I knew Tom was going to ask us to do that.
I knew Tom was going to ask me to do that.
I knew Tom was afraid to go into the cave.
I knew Tom was afraid that he'd get fired.
I knew Tom was absent because he was sick.
I knew Tom was a little under the weather.
I knew Tom was a better swimmer than Mary.
I knew Tom was a better student than Mary.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I knew Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I immediately knew that my leg was broken.
I hope that you can take care of yourself.
I hope that Tom didn't take that too hard.
I hope Tom knows that he needs to do that.
I hate it when people treat me like a kid.
I doubt that Tom really wanted to do that.
I doubt that Tom really needed to do that.
I doubt that Tom really enjoys doing that.
I doubt that Tom is any smarter than Mary.
I doubt Tom really wants to do that today.
I doubt Tom really wants to do that again.
I doubt Tom really needs to do that today.
I doubt Tom really needs to do that again.
I doubt Tom can do that without some help.
I don't want anyone to know that I'm here.
I don't want Tom to know I don't like him.
I don't think your that Tom would approve.
I don't think we've done anything illegal.
I don't think we'll be able to prove that.
I don't think we can finish the job alone.
I don't think that we'll be able prove it.
I don't think that Tom will wait for Mary.
I don't think that I'll finish this today.
I don't think Tom would've let me do that.
I don't think Tom was prepared to do that.
I don't think Tom noticed Mary was crying.
I don't think Tom is alone in the kitchen.
I don't think I'm really ready to do that.
I don't play the saxophone as well as Tom.
I don't know anybody who doesn't like Tom.
I didn't think that Tom would do anything.
I didn't think Tom should do that outside.
I didn't think Tom should do that himself.
I didn't think Tom ought to do that again.
I didn't think Tom expected me to do that.
I didn't think Tom could do that for Mary.
I didn't think Tom could actually do that.
I didn't think Mary would want to do that.
I didn't think Mary would need to do that.
I didn't think Mary would have to do that.
I didn't realize Tom would try to do that.
I didn't realize Tom was going to do that.
I didn't realize Tom wanted us to do that.
I didn't realize Tom wanted me to do that.
I didn't know you would do that yesterday.
I didn't know you wanted to do that today.
I didn't know you needed to do that today.
I didn't know you had to do that with Tom.
I didn't know you could do that that well.
I didn't know that you were superstitious.
I didn't know that you were going to come.
I didn't know that you went to law school.
I didn't know that you three were friends.
I didn't know that you owned so much land.
I didn't know that you enjoyed doing that.
I didn't know that you did that yesterday.
I didn't know that you did that last year.
I didn't know that you could sing so well.
I didn't know that you could cook so well.
I didn't know that you believed in ghosts.
I didn't know that Tom was older than you.
I didn't know that Tom was a veterinarian.
I didn't know that Tom was a friend yours.
I didn't know that Tom was a dairy farmer.
I didn't know that Tom wanted me to leave.
I didn't know that I was going to be late.
I didn't know that I was doing that wrong.
I didn't know Tom was too weak to do that.
I didn't know Tom was planning to do that.
I didn't know Tom was going to be so busy.
I didn't know Tom was a religious fanatic.
I didn't know Tom was a relative of yours.
I didn't know Tom was a basketball player.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's ex-boyfriend.
I didn't know Tom wanted to do that alone.
I didn't know Tom wanted to do that again.
I didn't know Tom shouldn't be doing that.
I didn't know Tom needed to do that again.
I didn't know Tom knew who had to do that.
I didn't know Tom had already bought milk.
I didn't know Tom didn't want me to leave.
I didn't know Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I didn't know Tom already knew what to do.
I didn't know I'd be permitted to do that.
I did know that I was supposed to do that.
I can't guarantee Tom won't do that again.
I can't believe that we actually did that.
I bought this umbrella for thirty dollars.
I already know Tom isn't going to do that.
How do you know that I even want that job?
How do I know that you're not an imposter?
How did you know that I'd follow you here?
How did you know that I wanted to do that?
How did you know that I needed to do that?
How did you know that I grew up in Boston?
How did you know Tom was going to be shot?
How did you know Tom was going to be late?
How did you know I was going out with Tom?
How did Tom know we were going to do that?
How did Tom know we were going to be here?
How did Tom know that I wanted to do that?
How did Tom know Mary knew how to do that?
How did Tom know I used to live in Boston?
God knows that we did everything we could.
Everyone knows that Tom doesn't like Mary.
Everyone knows that Tom agreed to do that.
Everyone knew Tom could speak French well.
Everyone here knows that Tom is in Boston.
Everybody needs at least one close friend.
Everybody knows that it wasn't your fault.
Everybody knew Tom didn't want to do that.
Everybody knew Tom didn't want to be here.
Everybody knew Tom didn't like doing that.
Everybody here knows Tom doesn't eat pork.
Everybody except me was against that plan.
Don't forget that Tom will need your help.
Don't forget that Tom can't see very well.
Does Tom know you're not going to do that?
Does Tom know that you did that yesterday?
Does Tom know that you can't speak French?
Does Tom know that I can't swim very well?
Didn't you know that I could speak French?
Didn't Tom know that he shouldn't do that?
Didn't Tom know that he needed to do that?
Didn't Tom know he didn't need to do that?
Didn't Tom know he didn't have to do that?
Did you think I was making too much noise?
Did you not know Tom was going to do that?
Did you know that Tom could play the oboe?
Did you know that I was going to be fired?
Did you know Tom was the one who did that?
Did you know Tom was seeing somebody else?
Did you know Tom isn't really from Boston?
Did you know Tom is also a French teacher?
Did you know Tom hasn't agreed to do that?
Did Tom know that I wanted him to do that?
Did Tom know Mary was planning to do that?
Both Tom and Mary have decided to help us.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to do that.
Are these the pictures you took yesterday?
Are these the pictures you took in Boston?
You think that Tom is a crook, don't you?
You might get hurt if you're not careful.
You might get hurt if you aren't careful.
You know that you don't really mean that.
You know that you can always count on me.
You know that Tom is a doctor, don't you?
You know that Tom is a barber, don't you?
You know that I'm not coming back, right?
You know Tom doesn't like you, don't you?
You know I've never done that, don't you?
You know I'd never do that kind of thing.
You knew Tom wasn't a barber, didn't you?
You had to know that Tom might get upset.
You didn't know I could do that, did you?
You can't let anybody know that I'm here.
You can have one more cookie if you want.
You and I both know that that's not true.
You and I both know that that isn't true.
You and I both know that isn't the truth.
You and I both know Tom needs to do that.
Why didn't you tell us we should do that?
Why didn't you tell us we had to do that?
Why didn't you tell me you would do that?
Why didn't you tell me you could do that?
Why didn't you tell me Tom would do that?
Why didn't you tell me Tom would be here?
Why didn't you tell me Tom could do that?
We know that you can't do that very well.
We know that Tom doesn't want to do that.
We know Tom is unlikely to do that today.
We didn't know you were going to do that.
We all know Tom isn't willing to do that.
Tom won't find anyone to do that for him.
Tom will find someone to do that for him.
Tom wasn't aware Mary was staring at him.
Tom was the one who blew up the balloons.
Tom was the one who blew the balloons up.
Tom was stabbed by someone on the subway.
Tom was convinced that he should do that.
Tom was convinced Mary wanted to do that.
Tom was convinced Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom was convinced Mary needed to do that.
Tom was born before his twin brother was.
Tom was aware that he was being followed.
Tom wants to learn how to play the piano.
Tom wants to learn how to play the drums.
Tom wants all the same things Mary wants.
Tom wants Mary to know she can trust him.
Tom tried to convince Mary she was wrong.
Tom told us we should come back tomorrow.
Tom told me he'd be home on October 20th.
Tom told me he'd be busy on October 20th.
Tom told me Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom told me John was a terrible roommate.
Tom told everyone that he had to do that.
Tom told Mary that he had to leave early.
Tom told Mary that he had a lot of money.
Tom told Mary he wanted to do that today.
Tom told Mary he needed to do that today.
Tom told Mary he didn't love her anymore.
Tom told Mary he didn't have an umbrella.
Tom thinks he's better than anybody else.
Tom stressed his position hadn't changed.
Tom speaks French a lot better than I do.
Tom showed a photo of his mother to Mary.
Tom scolded his son in front of everyone.
Tom says he's been discriminated against.
Tom says he knows that Mary will do that.
Tom said that he's going to talk to Mary.
Tom said that he'd leave on October 20th.
Tom said that he wanted all these things.
Tom said that he thought that I was kind.
Tom said that he thought I would do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat that.
Tom said he was calling from a pay phone.
Tom said he thought that I would do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was a good cook.
Tom said he thought Mary didn't like him.
Tom said he thought Mary didn't eat meat.
Tom said he thought I should leave early.
Tom said he had a bad feeling about that.
Tom said he didn't have an email address.
Tom said Mary was taller than her sister.
Tom said Mary may return on October 20th.
Tom said Mary had left before he arrived.
Tom really thought that I should do that.
Tom really thought that I had to do that.
Tom really thought Mary ought to do that.
Tom realized that we couldn't to do that.
Tom realized that it was probably a hoax.
Tom realized that he couldn't to do that.
Tom realized that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom realized that Mary needed to do that.
Tom realized that I shouldn't to do that.
Tom realized everyone was looking at him.
Tom realized Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom realized Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom realized Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom put on his glasses and began to read.
Tom put on his glasses and began reading.
Tom may spend the night here if he wants.
Tom knows that Mary used to be in prison.
Tom knew he had no choice but to do that.
Tom is the person Mary met the other day.
Tom is only a few months older than Mary.
Tom hoped Mary would know where John was.
Tom has decided he's going to come early.
Tom has been doing that longer than Mary.
Tom had no idea Mary was waiting for him.
Tom gave me something that I didn't want.
Tom found several T-shirts that he liked.
Tom doesn't think that's such a big deal.
Tom doesn't like to be touched by anyone.
Tom doesn't know that Mary can't do that.
Tom doesn't know that I'm Mary's brother.
Tom doesn't know Mary thinks he's stupid.
Tom doesn't know I want to do that today.
Tom doesn't know I need to do that today.
Tom doesn't know I have to do that today.
Tom didn't want to leave his kids behind.
Tom didn't tell anyone he had to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary he couldn't do that.
Tom didn't seem know that Mary was lying.
Tom didn't realize you wanted to do that.
Tom didn't realize you needed to do that.
Tom didn't realize that Mary was in pain.
Tom didn't realize that I should do that.
Tom didn't realize that I had to do that.
Tom didn't realize Mary ought to do that.
Tom didn't realize Mary couldn't do that.
Tom didn't realize Mary could to do that.
Tom didn't leave when he was supposed to.
Tom didn't know what he'd done was wrong.
Tom didn't know that you owned that land.
Tom didn't know he was younger than Mary.
Tom didn't know Mary was studying French.
Tom didn't know Mary was married to John.
Tom didn't know Mary was looking for him.
Tom didn't know Mary was in the hospital.
Tom didn't know Mary was engaged to John.
Tom didn't know Mary was already married.
Tom didn't know Mary was able to do that.
Tom didn't know Mary was a married woman.
Tom didn't know Mary was John's daughter.
Tom didn't know Mary wanted him to leave.
Tom didn't know I wasn't able to do that.
Tom didn't know I didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't do what Mary said that he did.
Tom didn't deserve the punishment he got.
Tom carefully picked the broken glass up.
Tom can spend the night here if he wants.
Tom called Mary to tell her he loved her.
Tom bought a lots of things for his kids.
Tom bought Mary three long-stemmed roses.
Tom asked if I thought that would happen.
Tom announced he wasn't going to do that.
Tom announced he was planning to do that.
Tom and Mary have both decided to resign.
Tom and Mary both know that that's a lie.
Tom and I know that Mary is unhappy here.
Tom and I already know that you did that.
Tom already knows we want to talk to him.
Tom already knows he's going to be fired.
The reason I came here was to find a job.
The doctor assured Tom that he'd be fine.
That's something I ought to do by myself.
Only a few people here know I'm Canadian.
Nobody really cares what you have to say.
Mary was hoping Tom would propose to her.
Mary told me that she'd left her husband.
Make sure that you do that by yourselves.
It was clear Tom wasn't ready to do that.
It was clear Tom wasn't going to do that.
It was clear Tom was too weak to do that.
It was clear Tom was supposed to do that.
It was clear Tom was hesitant to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
It looked like Tom was about to throw up.
It happened the way Tom that said it did.
In his heart, Tom knew he'd never return.
If you don't do that, somebody else will.
I've heard Tom has dropped out of school.
I'm sure you can take care of yourselves.
I'm sure that Tom wants to do that again.
I'm sure that Tom ought to do that again.
I'm pretty sure Tom will help me do that.
I'm not sure that we're going to do that.
I'm not convinced that I have to do that.
I'm glad you figured that out yourselves.
I'm glad to know you're going to do that.
I'm fairly certain that Tom will help me.
I wonder if Tom knows that Mary did that.
I wonder if Tom knows Mary can't do that.
I won't be able to come in to work today.
I was convinced that I shouldn't do that.
I was convinced that I needed to do that.
I was convinced I didn't need to do that.
I was convinced I didn't have to do that.
I thought that you would want to do that.
I thought that you would need to do that.
I thought that you would have to do that.
I think you would be a really good coach.
I think you should do that by yourselves.
I think you need to find yourselves jobs.
I think there's any other way to do that.
I think that you should do it yourselves.
I think that everyone already knows that.
I think that Tom won't refuse to do that.
I think that Tom won't forget to do that.
I think that Tom won't do that with Mary.
I think that Tom won't do that next week.
I think that Tom won't ask me to do that.
I think that Tom was scared and confused.
I think that Tom isn't a very good coach.
I think that Tom is almost six feet tall.
I think that Tom is addicted to gambling.
I think that Tom is a student at Harvard.
I think that Tom is a high school senior.
I think Tom would be a really good coach.
I think Tom will be here on October 20th.
I think Tom is much smarter than Mary is.
I think Tom is much friendlier than Mary.
I think Tom is almost as tall as you are.
I think Tom is almost as tall as Mary is.
I think Tom has been seeing someone else.
I think Tom and only Tom agrees with you.
I think Mary is much prettier than Alice.
I should've known that Tom would do that.
I should've known that Tom would be late.
I realize Tom could force you to do that.
I realize I don't really need to do this.
I promised Tom that I'd keep it a secret.
I know you probably won't like this book.
I know you don't want to do that anymore.
I know you don't need to do that anymore.
I know you aren't going to do that today.
I know you and Tom will do that together.
I know that you're not likely to do that.
I know that you're going to do very well.
I know that you'll be thinking about Tom.
I know that you would do the same for me.
I know that you weren't planning to come.
I know that you want to keep it a secret.
I know that you think this is ridiculous.
I know that you don't like being touched.
I know that you can't get away with this.
I know that you blame me for Tom's death.
I know that you aren't likely to do that.
I know that they'll all want to help you.
I know that Tom wouldn't like to do that.
I know that Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I know that Tom would've let you do that.
I know that Tom would do that by himself.
I know that Tom won't ever do that again.
I know that Tom won't do that by himself.
I know that Tom won't be doing that here.
I know that Tom won't be able to do that.
I know that Tom won't ask you to do that.
I know that Tom will very likely do that.
I know that Tom will never do that again.
I know that Tom will know how to do that.
I know that Tom will be ready to do that.
I know that Tom will be doing that today.
I know that Tom will be doing that later.
I know that Tom will be doing that alone.
I know that Tom will be doing that again.
I know that Tom will allow us to do that.
I know that Tom will allow me to do that.
I know that Tom wasn't likely to do that.
I know that Tom was a journalism student.
I know that Tom wants to become a priest.
I know that Tom used to work as a waiter.
I know that Tom used to be a pastry chef.
I know that Tom used to be a limo driver.
I know that Tom used to be a gym teacher.
I know that Tom used to be a glassblower.
I know that Tom used to be a disc jockey.
I know that Tom told Mary not to do that.
I know that Tom shouldn't do that inside.
I know that Tom seldom does that anymore.
I know that Tom rarely does that anymore.
I know that Tom ought to do that outside.
I know that Tom might do that by himself.
I know that Tom might be able to do that.
I know that Tom knows why Mary does that.
I know that Tom knows who has to do that.
I know that Tom knows where you did that.
I know that Tom knows when Mary did that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary did that.
I know that Tom knows Mary can't do that.
I know that Tom knows I ought to do that.
I know that Tom knew who did that for us.
I know that Tom knew who did that for me.
I know that Tom knew he couldn't do that.
I know that Tom knew Mary should do that.
I know that Tom knew Mary had to do that.
I know that Tom knew Mary didn't do that.
I know that Tom knew I'd never done that.
I know that Tom knew I wanted to do that.
I know that Tom knew I shouldn't do that.
I know that Tom knew I needed to do that.
I know that Tom isn't too old to do that.
I know that Tom isn't much of a gardener.
I know that Tom isn't doing that anymore.
I know that Tom isn't as tall as Mary is.
I know that Tom isn't as patient as I am.
I know that Tom isn't allowed to do that.
I know that Tom isn't afraid of anything.
I know that Tom isn't a very picky eater.
I know that Tom isn't a very patient man.
I know that Tom isn't a very patient guy.
I know that Tom isn't a very nice person.
I know that Tom isn't a very likable guy.
I know that Tom isn't a very kind person.
I know that Tom isn't a very hard worker.
I know that Tom isn't a very good writer.
I know that Tom isn't a very good tailor.
I know that Tom isn't a very good skater.
I know that Tom isn't a very good singer.
I know that Tom isn't a very good lawyer.
I know that Tom isn't a very good hitter.
I know that Tom isn't a very good golfer.
I know that Tom isn't a very good goalie.
I know that Tom isn't a very good driver.
I know that Tom isn't a very good dancer.
I know that Tom isn't a very good bowler.
I know that Tom isn't a very good batter.
I know that Tom isn't a very good artist.
I know that Tom isn't a very fussy eater.
I know that Tom isn't a teenager anymore.
I know that Tom isn't a talkative person.
I know that Tom isn't a native of Boston.
I know that Tom isn't a college graduate.
I know that Tom isn't a big baseball fan.
I know that Tom isn't a bachelor anymore.
I know that Tom is still in the hospital.
I know that Tom is right and we're wrong.
I know that Tom is one of Mary's friends.
I know that Tom is old enough to do that.
I know that Tom is capable of doing that.
I know that Tom is almost as tall as you.
I know that Tom is almost as old as Mary.
I know that Tom is almost as old as I am.
I know that Tom is almost always at home.
I know that Tom is afraid of losing Mary.
I know that Tom is afraid he'll get lost.
I know that Tom is abusing his authority.
I know that Tom is about as tall as Mary.
I know that Tom is a very strange person.
I know that Tom is a very selfish person.
I know that Tom is a very quiet neighbor.
I know that Tom is a very particular man.
I know that Tom is a very likable person.
I know that Tom is a very good guitarist.
I know that Tom is a very easy-going guy.
I know that Tom is a special-needs child.
I know that Tom is a really good teacher.
I know that Tom is a really good student.
I know that Tom is a really good pitcher.
I know that Tom is a pretty good teacher.
I know that Tom is a pretty good swimmer.
I know that Tom is a pretty good pianist.
I know that Tom is a pretty amazing cook.
I know that Tom is a person we can trust.
I know that Tom is a lot younger than me.
I know that Tom is a lot smarter than me.
I know that Tom is a lot shorter than me.
I know that Tom is a lot older than Mary.
I know that Tom is a lot older than I am.
I know that Tom is a lot like his father.
I know that Tom is a little disappointed.
I know that Tom is a high school student.
I know that Tom is a high school dropout.
I know that Tom is a guy you can lean on.
I know that Tom is a graduate of Harvard.
I know that Tom is a fairly good drummer.
I know that Tom is a construction worker.
I know that Tom is a bit younger than me.
I know that Tom is a bit shorter than me.
I know that Tom is a bit older than Mary.
I know that Tom is a better cook than me.
I know that Tom is a Red Cross volunteer.
I know that Tom hasn't agreed to do that.
I know that Tom has to do that right now.
I know that Tom has forgotten to do that.
I know that Tom has done that by himself.
I know that Tom had to do that yesterday.
I know that Tom expected Mary to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know you did that.
I know that Tom didn't intend to do that.
I know that Tom didn't do that yesterday.
I know that Tom didn't do that with Mary.
I know that Tom didn't do that on Monday.
I know that Tom didn't do that last week.
I know that Tom didn't ask me to do that.
I know that Tom could do that by himself.
I know that Tom can't do that by himself.
I know that Tom and only Tom can do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are still alive.
I know that I'm not yet ready to do that.
I know that I wasn't supposed to do that.
I know that I should've stayed in Boston.
I know that I can do that if you help me.
I know both Tom and Mary want to do that.
I know Tom wouldn't mind if you did that.
I know Tom would tell you how to do that.
I know Tom would show you how to do that.
I know Tom would really enjoy doing that.
I know Tom would get mad if you did that.
I know Tom won't want to do that with us.
I know Tom won't want to do that anymore.
I know Tom won't teach me how to do that.
I know Tom won't need to do that anymore.
I know Tom won't like the stew Mary made.
I know Tom won't have to do that anymore.
I know Tom won't be permitted to do that.
I know Tom won't be motivated to do that.
I know Tom won't be fired for doing that.
I know Tom won't be fined for doing that.
I know Tom won't be doing that with Mary.
I know Tom won't be doing that on Monday.
I know Tom will teach you how to do that.
I know Tom will never be able to do that.
I know Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I know Tom will be doing that by himself.
I know Tom will be able to do that today.
I know Tom will be able to do that again.
I know Tom will be a formidable opponent.
I know Tom wasn't quite ready to do that.
I know Tom wasn't planning on doing that.
I know Tom wasn't going to do that today.
I know Tom wasn't going to do that again.
I know Tom was the only one who did that.
I know Tom used to be good at doing that.
I know Tom used to be a limousine driver.
I know Tom told Mary he couldn't do that.
I know Tom should've done that yesterday.
I know Tom refused to do that by himself.
I know Tom might've done that on purpose.
I know Tom might be reluctant to do that.
I know Tom might be permitted to do that.
I know Tom knows why Mary has to do that.
I know Tom knows why Mary had to do that.
I know Tom knows why Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom knows why I wanted to do that.
I know Tom knows why I needed to do that.
I know Tom knows we don't how to do that.
I know Tom knows that I ought to do that.
I know Tom knows he has to do that today.
I know Tom knows I'm planning to do that.
I know Tom knows I don't want to do that.
I know Tom knows I don't need to do that.
I know Tom knows I don't have to do that.
I know Tom knew why he shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knew why Mary kept doing that.
I know Tom knew why I did that by myself.
I know Tom knew who was going to do that.
I know Tom knew when I wanted to do that.
I know Tom knew that he couldn't do that.
I know Tom knew that Mary should do that.
I know Tom knew that Mary had to do that.
I know Tom knew that Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom knew that I'd never done that.
I know Tom knew that I wanted to do that.
I know Tom knew that I shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knew that I needed to do that.
I know Tom knew Mary knew how to do that.
I know Tom knew Mary had never done that.
I know Tom knew I didn't want to do that.
I know Tom knew I didn't need to do that.
I know Tom knew I didn't have to do that.
I know Tom isn't very good at doing that.
I know Tom isn't used to staying up late.
I know Tom isn't tired of doing that yet.
I know Tom isn't still afraid to do that.
I know Tom isn't much older than Mary is.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that today.
I know Tom isn't going to do that either.
I know Tom isn't committed to doing that.
I know Tom isn't able to play the guitar.
I know Tom isn't able to do that anymore.
I know Tom isn't a very religious person.
I know Tom isn't a very good-looking guy.
I know Tom isn't a very good storyteller.
I know Tom isn't a very good snowboarder.
I know Tom isn't a very good clarinetist.
I know Tom isn't a very good businessman.
I know Tom isn't a very good bass player.
I know Tom isn't a very ambitious person.
I know Tom isn't a reckless person.
I know Tom isn't a native French speaker.
I know Tom is used to speaking in public.
I know Tom is too young to be doing that.
I know Tom is the one who should do that.
I know Tom is still reluctant to do that.
I know Tom is still motivated to do that.
I know Tom is still desperate to do that.
I know Tom is right and that we're wrong.
I know Tom is likely to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom is going to help Mary do that.
I know Tom is flexible enough to do that.
I know Tom is almost as old as my father.
I know Tom is all packed and ready to go.
I know Tom is afraid to go into the cave.
I know Tom is afraid that he'll get lost.
I know Tom is actually very conservative.
I know Tom is about the same age as Mary.
I know that Tom isn't a reckless person.
You know that you don't have to do this.
You know that I'm not good with secrets.
You knew Tom was doing that, didn't you?
You have no one to blame but yourselves.
You have no one but yourselves to blame.
You do know that Tom's lying, don't you?
You can't let anyone know that I'm here.
You can do it, Tom. I know that you can.
Why didn't you tell me you were married?
Why didn't you tell me you were in pain?
Why didn't you tell me you were engaged?
Why didn't you tell me I should do that?
Why didn't you tell me I had to do that?
Why did you tell Tom we're just friends?
When was the last time you ate an apple?
What we know is Tom sometimes does that.
We know that Tom isn't going to help us.
We didn't know that was going to happen.
We didn't know Tom was going to do that.
We both know that's not going to happen.
We both know that you don't belong here.
We both know Tom is unlikely to do that.
We all know Tom sometimes eats too much.
We all know Tom is a good at volleyball.
We all know Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom won't believe anything you tell him.
Tom won't believe anything that you say.
Tom will be here for another three days.
Tom was unaware Mary was staring at him.
Tom was thirteen years old at that time.
Tom was the only one who was doing that.
Tom was the one who suggested I do that.
Tom was sitting on the couch by himself.
Tom was pretty sure the door was locked.
Tom was convinced Mary ought to do that.
Tom wants all the same things Mary does.
Tom wanted to keep his children at home.
Tom usually doesn't do what he promises.
Tom usually does the same thing as Mary.
Tom told us that you were Canadian, too.
Tom told his boss he had to leave early.
Tom told everybody he wanted to do that.
Tom told everybody he needed to do that.
Tom told everybody he heard some voices.
Tom told everybody he didn't know Mary.
Tom told Mary that he needed to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't have a car.
Tom thought that the price was too high.
Tom thought he wasn't likely to survive.
Tom thought Mary was talking about John.
Tom thinks that what Mary did was wrong.
Tom suggested we don't watch this movie.
Tom started putting things into the box.
Tom should take better care of his kids.
Tom says that that's his favorite movie.
Tom says he knows that Mary can do that.
Tom said that we should stop doing this.
Tom said that he'd given a book to Mary.
Tom said that he would give Mary a book.
Tom said that he wanted to buy that bag.
Tom said that he needed to learn French.
Tom said that Mary died on October 20th.
Tom said he was going to see Mary later.
Tom said he was at home on October 20th.
Tom said he thought I'd want to do that.
Tom said he thought I wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought I needed to do that.
Tom said he plans to go on October 20th.
Tom said he had to work on October 20th.
Tom said he did his homework by himself.
Tom refused the food that I offered him.
Tom really thought we wanted to do that.
Tom really thought we shouldn't do that.
Tom really thought we needed to do that.
Tom really thought he shouldn't do that.
Tom really thought he needed to do that.
Tom realized you didn't want to do that.
Tom realized you didn't need to do that.
Tom realized you didn't have to do that.
Tom realized that you wanted to do that.
Tom realized that you needed to do that.
Tom realized that Mary ought to do that.
Tom realized that I couldn't to do that.
Tom paid a lot of money for this guitar.
Tom never said he wanted to work for us.
Tom knew that Mary was going to be late.
Tom knew that Mary used to be a teacher.
Tom knew that Mary didn't want to leave.
Tom knew he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom just smiled and didn't say anything.
Tom is one of the ugliest people I know.
Tom is one of the strangest guys I know.
Tom is convinced that he has to do that.
Tom is convinced Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom is convinced Mary should to do that.
Tom hopes that he doesn't botch the job.
Tom hoped Mary would be able to do that.
Tom has given me something I don't want.
Tom has decided that he's going to stay.
Tom has decided he's going to walk home.
Tom has decided he's going to tell Mary.
Tom has decided he's going to stay here.
Tom has decided he's going to help Mary.
Tom has already said that he'll help us.
Tom had no idea that Mary was in Boston.
Tom had no idea that Mary felt that way.
Tom graduated the same year as Mary did.
Tom got the punishment that he deserved.
Tom doesn't know that I wish he'd leave.
Tom doesn't know that I want to do that.
Tom doesn't know that I still have this.
Tom doesn't know Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't know I wish that he'd leave.
Tom didn't realize you ought to do that.
Tom didn't realize you could to do that.
Tom didn't realize we wanted to do that.
Tom didn't realize we needed to do that.
Tom didn't realize that he had to leave.
Tom didn't realize Mary didn't like him.
Tom didn't like the song that Mary sang.
Tom didn't like the joke that Mary told.
Tom didn't know that you wanted to stay.
Tom didn't know that Mary would do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary was in Boston.
Tom didn't know that Mary had done that.
Tom didn't know that Mary had a brother.
Tom didn't know he had to do that today.
Tom didn't know Mary was John's ex-wife.
Tom didn't know Mary wanted him to stay.
Tom didn't know Mary had gotten married.
Tom didn't know Mary had gone to Boston.
Tom didn't know Mary could speak French.
Tom didn't do what you said that he did.
Tom did the only thing that he could do.
Tom claims he can speak French fluently.
Tom can convince anybody to do anything.
Tom brought me everything I'd asked for.
Tom bought some new clothes for himself.
Tom believes Mary has psychic abilities.
Tom appeared to be waiting for somebody.
Tom and his kids went fishing yesterday.
Tom and Mary know that I didn't do that.
Tom and Mary have both decided to leave.
Tom and Mary both knew that wasn't true.
Tom and Mary are both younger than I am.
Tom already knows Mary will leave early.
Tom already knows Mary wants to do that.
Tom already knows Mary needs to do that.
Tom already knew Mary had lots of money.
Tom admitted that he stole Mary's money.
This isn't something just anyone can do.
There's a possibility I'll die tomorrow.
There's a good chance Tom will be there.
There's a chance that Tom won't do that.
There's a chance that I'll die tomorrow.
There isn't any proof that Tom did that.
The police think that Tom murdered Mary.
The only one who really knows we did that is God.
The grapes are so sour I can't eat them.
That's something I need to do by myself.
That's something I have to do by myself.
Nobody knew Tom wasn't going to be here.
No one knew Tom wasn't going to be here.
Mary thinks that Tom is the man for her.
Mary said she'd never leave her husband.
Mary is the woman that I told you about.
Many women think that Tom is attractive.
Make sure that Tom does that by himself.
It's possible Tom may not know I'm here.
It was clear Tom was tempted to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't want to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't plan to do that.
It seems likely that Tom told the truth.
Is there anybody here who knows Tom?
I'm sure that Tom can handle everything.
I'm not sure Tom wants to do that again.
I'm not sure Tom ought to do that again.
I'm not convinced that I should do that.
I would've thought Tom would enjoy that.
I wish that I'd done better on the test.
I wish that I could stay in bed all day.
I wish I didn't have to do that anymore.
I was convinced that I ought to do that.
I want you to know that you're forgiven.
I want you to know that Tom is doing OK.
I want Tom to know that we all love him.
I thought you knew Tom was a coal miner.
I thought that Tom wouldn't do anything.
I thought that Tom looked a little pale.
I thought Tom's proposal was a good one.
I thought Tom was a computer programmer.
I thought Tom shouldn't do that outside.
I thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
I thought Mary wouldn't need to do that.
I thought Mary wouldn't have to do that.
I thought Mary would be able to do that.
I think you're contradicting yourselves.
I think you need to find yourself a job.
I think you can take care of yourselves.
I think this photo was taken in October.
I think that Tom will refuse to do that.
I think that Tom will forget to do that.
I think that Tom will do that with Mary.
I think that Tom will do that next week.
I think that Tom will ask me to do that.
I think that Tom wasn't able to do that.
I think that Tom wants to do that alone.
I think that Tom wants to do that again.
I think that Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I think that Tom needs to do that again.
I think that Tom might actually do that.
I think that Tom isn't a very good cook.
I think that Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I think that Tom is a really good coach.
I think that Tom intentionally did that.
I think that Tom has spent time in jail.
I think that Tom expected me to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't always do that.
I think that Tom can help you with that.
I think that Tom can do that on his own.
I think that I'd be fired if I did that.
I think Tom won't be doing that anymore.
I think Tom ought to do that by himself.
I think Tom might leave on October 20th.
I think Tom likes doing that by himself.
I think Tom is much busier than Mary is.
I think Tom is about the same age as me.
I think Tom is a third-year law student.
I think Tom and only Tom should do that.
I think Tom and only Tom has to do that.
I suggest we let Tom do all the talking.
I realize Tom could get Mary to do that.
I realize Tom always does that that way.
I often use that knife that you gave me.
I noticed that Tom seemed to be unhappy.
I need to know that I can depend on you.
I met a man whose brother knows that we.
I know you'll enjoy watching this movie.
I know you and Tom didn't sing together.
I know that you've been studying French.
I know that you're the one who did that.
I know that you're responsible for this.
I know that you're just being sarcastic.
I know that you'd never let Tom hurt me.
I know that you'd never let Tom do that.
I know that you'd like something to eat.
I know that you won't like it in Boston.
I know that you probably want some help.
I know that you probably need some help.
I know that you probably didn't do that.
I know that you liked what Tom gave you.
I know that you have a lot of questions.
I know that you expected Tom to do that.
I know that you don't want to be lonely.
I know that you don't want to be killed.
I know that you don't like being kissed.
I know that you didn't mean to hurt Tom.
I know that you didn't buy that for Tom.
I know that you can't do that very well.
I know that you aren't going to do that.
I know that Tom wouldn't try to do that.
I know that Tom wouldn't really do that.
I know that Tom wouldn't likely do that.
I know that Tom wouldn't have done that.
I know that Tom would be a good partner.
I know that Tom won't refuse to do that.
I know that Tom won't forget to do that.
I know that Tom won't do that with Mary.
I know that Tom won't do that next week.
I know that Tom won't ask me to do that.
I know that Tom will be doing that soon.
I know that Tom will be able to do that.
I know that Tom will ask you to do that.
I know that Tom wasn't ready to do that.
I know that Tom wasn't going to do that.
I know that Tom wanted to do that alone.
I know that Tom wanted to do that again.
I know that Tom used to be a tour guide.
I know that Tom used to be a lumberjack.
I know that Tom used to be a coal miner.
I know that Tom thinks Mary is a racist.
I know that Tom shouldn't be doing that.
I know that Tom ought to do that inside.
I know that Tom never does that anymore.
I know that Tom needed to do that today.
I know that Tom may not want to do that.
I know that Tom knows why Mary did that.
I know that Tom knows how Mary did that.
I know that Tom knows he had to do that.
I know that Tom knows I want to do that.
I know that Tom knows I need to do that.
I know that Tom knows I have to do that.
I know that Tom knew who had to do that.
I know that Tom knew that Mary did that.
I know that Tom knew Mary had done that.
I know that Tom knew I couldn't do that.
I know that Tom isn't shorter than Mary.
I know that Tom isn't alone in his room.
I know that Tom isn't afraid of anybody.
I know that Tom isn't a very strong man.
I know that Tom isn't a very strong guy.
I know that Tom isn't a very good skier.
I know that Tom isn't a very good pilot.
I know that Tom isn't a very good coach.
I know that Tom isn't a very good actor.
I know that Tom isn't a very clever boy.
I know that Tom isn't a very classy guy.
I know that Tom isn't a very bright kid.
I know that Tom isn't a very bright guy.
I know that Tom isn't a very bright boy.
I know that Tom isn't a reckless driver.
I know that Tom isn't a popular teacher.
I know that Tom isn't a good songwriter.
I know that Tom isn't a college student.
I know that Tom isn't a careless driver.
I know that Tom isn't a Vietnam veteran.
I know that Tom is upstairs in his room.
I know that Tom is someone we can trust.
I know that Tom is qualified to do that.
I know that Tom is permitted to do that.
I know that Tom is obligated to do that.
I know that Tom is now a sound engineer.
I know that Tom is motivated to do that.
I know that Tom is impatient to do that.
I know that Tom is doing that right now.
I know that Tom is concerned about Mary.
I know that Tom is almost as tall as me.
I know that Tom is afraid to go outside.
I know that Tom is afraid of his father.
I know that Tom is afraid of Mary's dog.
I know that Tom is active in his church.
I know that Tom is about to fall asleep.
I know that Tom is about as old as Mary.
I know that Tom is a year older than me.
I know that Tom is a very stingy person.
I know that Tom is a very sound sleeper.
I know that Tom is a very soccer player.
I know that Tom is a very religious man.
I know that Tom is a very light sleeper.
I know that Tom is a very impatient guy.
I know that Tom is a very good customer.
I know that Tom is a university student.
I know that Tom is a traveling salesman.
I know that Tom is a student at Harvard.
I know that Tom is a straight-A student.
I know that Tom is a son of a policeman.
I know that Tom is a shrewd businessman.
I know that Tom is a responsible driver.
I know that Tom is a relative of Mary's.
I know that Tom is a really nice person.
I know that Tom is a really hard worker.
I know that Tom is a really good worker.
I know that Tom is a really good singer.
I know that Tom is a really good golfer.
I know that Tom is a really good goalie.
I know that Tom is a really good driver.
I know that Tom is a really good dancer.
I know that Tom is a pretty good tailor.
I know that Tom is a pretty good skater.
I know that Tom is a pretty good singer.
I know that Tom is a pretty good hitter.
I know that Tom is a pretty good golfer.
I know that Tom is a pretty good driver.
I know that Tom is a pretty good dancer.
I know that Tom is a pretty good batter.
I know that Tom is a pretty good artist.
I know that Tom is a physical therapist.
I know that Tom is a lot taller than me.
I know that Tom is a little over thirty.
I know that Tom is a little moody today.
I know that Tom is a little embarrassed.
I know that Tom is a homicide detective.
I know that Tom is a hard man to please.
I know that Tom is a good tennis player.
I know that Tom is a good soccer player.
I know that Tom is a good music teacher.
I know that Tom is a good hockey player.
I know that Tom is a good guitar player.
I know that Tom is a fairly good skater.
I know that Tom is a driving instructor.
I know that Tom is a convicted arsonist.
I know that Tom is a compulsive gambler.
I know that Tom is a bit taller than me.
I know that Tom is a bit older than you.
I know that Tom expected you to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't plan to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't like to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't like doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't know I did that.
I know that Tom doesn't do that anymore.
I know that Tom does that every morning.
I know that Tom does that every evening.
I know that Tom didn't know we did that.
I know that Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I know that Tom didn't agree to do that.
I know that Tom did that subconsciously.
I know that Tom could make Mary do that.
I know that Tom can do that if he tries.
I know that Tom and Mary are both happy.
I know that I'm not supposed to do that.
I know that I'm not supposed to be here.
I know that I'm a good basketball coach.
I know that I shouldn't do that anymore.
I know that I should've stayed with you.
I know that I should do that right away.
I know that I no longer need to do that.
I know that I need to do that this week.
I know that I might not have to do that.
I know that I have to help you tomorrow.
I know that I have to help Tom tomorrow.
I know that I have to do that by myself.
I know that I didn't cause this problem.
I know that I could've done that better.
I know both Tom and Mary have been sick.
I know Tom wouldn't mind if we did that.
I know Tom wouldn't have fun doing that.
I know Tom wouldn't ask Mary to do that.
I know Tom would show me how to do that.
I know Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I know Tom would like it if we did that.
I know Tom would be upset if I did that.
I know Tom would be mad if you did that.
I know Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I know Tom would be a really good coach.
I know Tom won't tell Mary who did that.
I know Tom won't show us how to do that.
I know Tom won't permit Mary to do that.
I know Tom won't be prepared to do that.
I know Tom will want to do that with us.
I know Tom will teach me how to do that.
I know Tom will be permitted to do that.
I know Tom will be home on October 20th.
I know Tom will be fired for doing that.
I know Tom will be fined for doing that.
I know Tom will be doing that with Mary.
I know Tom will be doing that on Monday.
I know Tom will be desperate to do that.
I know Tom was absent from school today.
I know Tom was a conscientious objector.
I know Tom wanted us to do that for him.
I know Tom usually does that by himself.
I know Tom used to be a race car driver.
I know Tom used to be a history teacher.
I know Tom thinks that Mary is a racist.
I know Tom should've refused to do that.
I know Tom refused to do that with Mary.
I know Tom might not be able to do that.
I know Tom might be required to do that.
I know Tom knows why you didn't do that.
I know Tom knows why you did that alone.
I know Tom knows why Mary is doing that.
I know Tom knows who's going to do that.
I know Tom knows when I want to do that.
I know Tom knows when I need to do that.
I know Tom knows when I have to do that.
I know Tom knows we know how to do that.
I know Tom knows that he has to do that.
I know Tom knows that he had to do that.
I know Tom knows that I want to do that.
I know Tom knows that I need to do that.
I know Tom knows that I have to do that.
I know Tom knows how to do that already.
I know Tom knows Mary wanted to do that.
I know Tom knows Mary shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knows Mary needed to do that.
I know Tom knows I don't how to do that.
I know Tom knew why Mary was doing that.
I know Tom knew why Mary had to do that.
I know Tom knew why Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom knew why I wanted to do that.
I know Tom knew why I needed to do that.
I know Tom knew that Mary had done that.
I know Tom knew that I couldn't do that.
I know Tom knew he had to do that today.
I know Tom isn't planning on doing that.
I know Tom isn't much younger than I am.
I know Tom isn't going to do that today.
I know Tom isn't going to be doing that.
I know Tom isn't able to swim very well.
I know Tom isn't a very outgoing person.
I know Tom isn't a very interesting guy.
I know Tom isn't a very intelligent man.
I know Tom isn't a very intelligent guy.
I know Tom isn't a very good songwriter.
I know Tom isn't a very creative person.
I know Tom isn't a truck driver anymore.
I know Tom isn't a teacher here anymore.
I know Tom isn't a good baseball player.
I know Tom is very good at what he does.
I know Tom is still planning to do that.
I know Tom is still hesitant to do that.
I know Tom is someone that we can trust.
I know Tom is pretty good at doing that.
I know Tom is now a chemistry professor.
I know Tom is going to enjoy doing that.
I know Tom is fairly good at doing that.
I know Tom is almost never busy anymore.
I know Tom is almost as tall as you are.
I know Tom is almost as tall as Mary is.
I know Tom is afraid to leave his house.
I know Tom is afraid to go out at night.
I know Tom is afraid of catching a cold.
I know Tom is about the same age as you.
I know Tom is able to understand French.
I know Tom is a very talented guitarist.
I know Tom is a very shrewd businessman.
I know Tom is a very opinionated person.
I know Tom is a very good tennis player.
I know Tom is a very good figure skater.
I know Tom is a pretty good snowboarder.
I know Tom is a lot taller than Mary is.
I know Tom is a little too young for me.
I know Tom is a little taller than Mary.
I know Tom is a little taller than I am.
I know Tom is a good judge of character.
I know Tom is a good husband and father.
I know Tom is a bit taller than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better singer than Mary.
I know Tom is a better driver than Mary.
I know Tom is a better driver than I am.
I know Tom hasn't asked Mary to do that.
I know Tom has never actually done that.
I know Tom doesn't know when I did that.
I know Tom doesn't know that I did that.
I know Tom doesn't know I can't do that.
I know Tom doesn't ever do that anymore.
I know Tom does that every other Monday.
I know Tom didn't want to do that today.
I know Tom didn't want to do that alone.
I know Tom didn't need to do that alone.
I know Tom didn't know we could do that.
I know Tom didn't know that we did that.
I know Tom didn't know he could do that.
I know Tom didn't know I should do that.
I know Tom didn't know I had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't have to do that today.
I know Tom didn't have to do that alone.
I know Tom can't help you do that today.
I know Tom can probably do that for you.
I know Tom can find the time to do that.
I know Tom can do that without our help.
I know Tom can do that without any help.
I know Tom can do that better than Mary.
I know Tom can convince Mary to do that.
I know Tom and Mary have both been sick.
I know Tom already knows how to do that.
I know I'm supposed to do that with you.
I know I need to do that sometime today.
I know I did that about three years ago.
I know I can do that when I'm in Boston.
I knew that you expected Tom to do that.
I knew that it would be hard to do that.
I knew that it would be easy to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that for us.
I knew that Tom would regret doing that.
I knew that Tom would help Mary do that.
I knew that Tom would forget to do that.
I knew that Tom would do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom would be a good teacher.
I knew that Tom wasn't peeling potatoes.
I knew that Tom wasn't afraid of ghosts.
I knew that Tom wasn't afraid of anyone.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very smart guy.
I knew that Tom was unlikely to do that.
I knew that Tom was supposed to do that.
I knew that Tom was in his room reading.
I knew that Tom was finished doing that.
I knew that Tom was doing that for Mary.
I knew that Tom was afraid of everybody.
I knew that Tom was a very good student.
I knew that Tom was a used car salesman.
I knew that Tom was a really bad driver.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that alone.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that again.
I knew that Tom shouldn't be doing that.
I knew that Tom needed to do that today.
I knew that Tom needed to do that again.
I knew that Tom knew who had to do that.
I knew that Tom expected you to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I knew that I was likely to get injured.
I knew it would be difficult to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't mind if we did that.
I knew Tom wouldn't know how to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't kiss Mary goodnight.
I knew Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I knew Tom would like it if we did that.
I knew Tom would be upset if I did that.
I knew Tom would be mad if you did that.
I knew Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't going to wait for you.
I knew Tom wasn't capable of doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't as good cook as I was.
I knew Tom wasn't a very reasonable man.
I knew Tom wasn't a very reasonable guy.
I knew Tom was used to getting up early.
I knew Tom was still willing to do that.
I knew Tom was interested in doing that.
I knew Tom was going to want to do that.
I knew Tom was going to like doing that.
I knew Tom was expecting you to do that.
I knew Tom was at home waiting for Mary.
I knew Tom was a very good chess player.
I knew Tom was a very good banjo player.
I knew Tom was a really good songwriter.
I knew Tom was a methamphetamine addict.
I knew Tom was a close friend of Mary's.
I knew Tom was a bit younger than I was.
I knew Tom was a better cook than I was.
I knew Tom wanted us to do that for him.
I knew Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I knew Tom might not be able to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary was doing that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary had to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary didn't do that.
I knew Tom knew why I wanted to do that.
I knew Tom knew why I needed to do that.
I knew Tom had never actually done that.
I knew Tom had already tried to do that.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that today.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that alone.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that again.
I knew Tom didn't need to do that alone.
I knew Tom didn't have to do that today.
I knew Tom didn't have to do that alone.
I hope that Tom didn't it that too hard.
I hope Tom knows that he has to do that.
I have something that I should show you.
I have a right to know what's happening.
I doubt that Tom wants to do that again.
I doubt that Tom needs to do that again.
I doubt that Tom intentionally did that.
I doubt that Tom did that intentionally.
I doubt that I'd be fired if I did that.
I doubt that I could help you with that.
I doubt Tom wants to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom really knows how to do that.
I doubt Tom really has to do that again.
I doubt Tom really had to do that again.
I doubt Tom needs to do that by himself.
I doubt I'd be fired even if I did that.
I don't want to be treated like a child.
I don't think we've done anything wrong.
I don't think that Tom was lying to you.
I don't think that Tom is a safe driver.
I don't think that Tom is a good leader.
I don't think that Tom is a good lawyer.
I don't think that Tom is a billionaire.
I don't think that Tom always does that.
I don't think Tom would do that for you.
I don't think Tom was prepared for that.
I don't think Tom made a right decision.
I don't think Tom is a very good leader.
I don't think Tom is a very good lawyer.
I don't care if Tom goes with us or not.
I don't care if Tom eats with us or not.
I didn't think that I'd need to do that.
I didn't notice that Tom was doing that.
I didn't know you would do that with us.
I didn't know you were in love with Tom.
I didn't know you were Tom's girlfriend.
I didn't know you could do that so well.
I didn't know that you wouldn't do that.
I didn't know that you were helping Tom.
I didn't know that you were from Boston.
I didn't know that you two were related.
I didn't know that you two were friends.
I didn't know that you had a girlfriend.
I didn't know that you collected stamps.
I didn't know that Tom was still single.
I didn't know that Tom was so religious.
I didn't know that Tom had only one leg.
I didn't know that I would hurt anybody.
I didn't know that I was older than Tom.
I didn't know that I was being followed.
I didn't know that I needed a bodyguard.
I didn't know it wouldn't be to do that.
I didn't know Tom would let you do that.
I didn't know Tom would change his mind.
I didn't know Tom would be here all day.
I didn't know Tom would be at the party.
I didn't know Tom wasn't a student here.
I didn't know Tom was planning to leave.
I didn't know Tom was a friend of yours.
I didn't know Tom was a firearms expert.
I didn't know Tom wanted me to help him.
I didn't know Tom use to live in Boston.
I didn't know Tom had already gone home.
I didn't know Tom could legally do that.
I didn't know Tom could do that so well.
I didn't know I'd be allowed to do that.
I didn't know I should do that with Tom.
I didn't even know that you had a horse.
I decided that I'm not going to do that.
I can't guarantee that Tom will do that.
I can't afford to buy everything I need.
I came to tell you Tom has been injured.
I already knew Tom was going to do that.
How do you know that Tom didn't do that?
How do you know that I didn't volunteer?
How did you know that Tom could do that?
How did you know that I wasn't sleeping?
How did you know that I was from Boston?
How did you know that I didn't like Tom?
How did you know that I didn't kiss Tom?
How did we not know Tom was lying to us?
How did people know we weren't Canadian?
How could I know Tom would get so angry?
Everyone knows two plus two equals four.
Don't forget Tom is allergic to peanuts.
Doesn't Tom know that you can't do that?
Does anybody else know that you're here?
Does Tom know you want to do that today?
Does Tom know that I can't speak French?
Does Tom know Mary can't swim very well?
Didn't you know that you had to do that?
Didn't you know Tom used to live Boston?
Did you know that Tom agreed to do that?
Did you know Tom was a friend of Mary's?
Did you know Tom doesn't like chocolate?
Did you know Tom almost never does that?
Did you know I'd never done that before?
Did you get the package that I sent you?
Did Tom know that Mary couldn't do that?
Both Tom and Mary have decided to leave.
Almost no one knows that we're brothers.
You should let Tom know you'll do that.
You should let Tom know you can't swim.
You should know my friends call me Tom.
You know that Tom won't win, don't you?
You know that Tom is telling the truth.
You know that Tom can't win, don't you?
You know Tom isn't a barber, don't you?
You know Tom didn't do that, don't you?
You knew that I'd be there, didn't you?
You knew Tom would do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom was a butcher, didn't you?
You knew Tom was a bachelor, didn't he?
You don't think Tom is a crook, do you?
You do know I can't do that, don't you?
You can't let anybody know I said that.
You and I both know Tom has to do that.
Why are you being so nice to everybody?
When did Tom give that suitcase to you?
What makes you think that might happen?
We know that you lied to us about that.
We knew that Tom was likely to be late.
We hope Tom hasn't been seriously hurt.
We all know that's not going to happen.
We all know that isn't going to happen.
We all know that Tom doesn't like Mary.
We all know Tom used to live in Boston.
Tom wished he knew Mary's phone number.
Tom was the only one not drinking beer.
Tom was sitting on the sofa by himself.
Tom was convinced he shouldn't do that.
Tom was convinced he needed to do that.
Tom was born on the day that Mary died.
Tom wants you to know he can't do that.
Tom truly believed Mary was telepathic.
Tom told me that he wouldn't come back.
Tom told me that I should go to Boston.
Tom told me he's going to talk to Mary.
Tom told me he doesn't want to help us.
Tom told everyone he wanted to do that.
Tom told everyone he needed to do that.
Tom told everyone he heard some voices.
Tom told everyone he didn't know Mary.
Tom told Mary she was his one and only.
Tom told Mary she could sit on his lap.
Tom told Mary he wanted to leave early.
Tom thought that Mary was going to die.
Tom thought he wasn't going to survive.
Tom thinks you want me to pay the bill.
Tom speaks French a lot better than me.
Tom soon realized Mary was still alive.
Tom showed a photo of his mother to us.
Tom says that that's his favorite book.
Tom says he'll do that on October 20th.
Tom says he knows that Mary can't swim.
Tom saw somebody looking in his window.
Tom said that he'd give a book to Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to forget that.
Tom said that he had given Mary a book.
Tom said he thought I wouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought I ought to do that.
Tom said he got these tickets for free.
Tom said he didn't want to eat with us.
Tom really thought we ought to do that.
Tom really thought he ought to do that.
Tom really thought Mary should do that.
Tom really thought Mary had to do that.
Tom really thought I wanted to do that.
Tom really thought I shouldn't do that.
Tom really thought I needed to do that.
Tom realized we didn't want to do that.
Tom realized we didn't need to do that.
Tom realized we didn't have to do that.
Tom realized that you ought to do that.
Tom realized that we wanted to do that.
Tom realized that we needed to do that.
Tom realized that he shouldn't do that.
Tom realized that he needed to do that.
Tom realized that Mary didn't love him.
Tom realized Mary shouldn't to do that.
Tom put the bowl in the microwave oven.
Tom never lets me do what I want to do.
Tom lived to be ninety-seven years old.
Tom liked the story that Mary told him.
Tom knows something Mary doesn't know.
Tom knows Mary wants to stay in Boston.
Tom knows Mary can't understand French.
Tom knew what he was doing annoyed Mary.
Tom knew that what he'd done was wrong.
Tom knew that was going to be arrested.
Tom knew Mary was going to yell at him.
Tom is still unaware that Mary is here.
Tom is much more intelligent than Mary.
Tom is doing the job you refused to do.
Tom is convinced Mary wants to do that.
Tom is convinced Mary ought to do that.
Tom is convinced Mary needs to do that.
Tom is a few months older than Mary is.
Tom hoped that he could find the truth.
Tom has suggested we do something else.
Tom has gained ten kilograms this year.
Tom has decided he's not going to wait.
Tom has decided he's not going to stay.
Tom has decided he isn't going to wait.
Tom has decided he isn't going to stay.
Tom has been here longer than Mary has.
Tom has been doing that longer than me.
Tom gave a dog to Mary on her birthday.
Tom doesn't pay us. Somebody else does.
Tom doesn't look as young as Mary does.
Tom doesn't know Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary needs to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't like him.
Tom doesn't know I like romance movies.
Tom doesn't know I hardly ever do that.
Tom doesn't know I don't often do that.
Tom doesn't have as much money as Mary.
Tom doesn't have as many books as Mary.
Tom didn't think Mary was so beautiful.
Tom didn't tell Mary he had to do that.
Tom didn't realize we ought to do that.
Tom didn't realize we could to do that.
Tom didn't realize he ought to do that.
Tom didn't realize he could to do that.
Tom didn't realize I wanted to do that.
Tom didn't realize I needed to do that.
Tom didn't know you could speak French.
Tom didn't know that you could do that.
Tom didn't know that he had a daughter.
Tom didn't know that Mary was homesick.
Tom didn't know he had to go yesterday.
Tom didn't know he had terminal cancer.
Tom didn't know Mary wouldn't be there.
Tom didn't know Mary was only thirteen.
Tom didn't know Mary was John's sister.
Tom didn't know Mary was John's mother.
Tom didn't know Mary was John's cousin.
Tom didn't know Mary understood French.
Tom didn't know Mary had three sisters.
Tom didn't know I was a French teacher.
Tom didn't know I was Mary's boyfriend.
Tom didn't even know Mary was a doctor.
Tom didn't buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom did what he felt that he had to do.
Tom demanded that we leave immediately.
Tom claims he can run faster than Mary.
Tom caught more fish than anybody else.
Tom can't do that any better than Mary.
Tom can type much faster than Mary can.
Tom can jump much higher than Mary can.
Tom can convince anyone to do anything.
Tom called and said that he was coming.
Tom bought each of his children a gift.
Tom bought drinks for Mary all evening.
Tom bought a birthday present for Mary.
Tom ate the cupcake that Mary gave him.
Tom assumed that he was being followed.
Tom appeared to be waiting for someone.
Tom and Mary know that I won't do that.
Tom and Mary know something's going on.
Tom and Mary have both decided to stay.
Tom and Mary both work the night shift.
Tom and I know that you didn't do that.
Tom always does the same thing as Mary.
Tom always did the same thing Mary did.
Tom already knows we're my best friend.
There are so many things I want to ask.
That's something I should do by myself.
Take a look at the books that I bought.
Nobody knew that Tom wasn't happy here.
Nobody knew that Tom wasn't a Canadian.
Nobody invited Tom, but he came anyway.
No one knew that Tom wasn't happy here.
No one knew that Tom wasn't a Canadian.
No one invited Tom, but he came anyway.
Maybe Tom doesn't know I won't do that.
Mary is cute, but she isn't very smart.
Just make sure you don't do that again.
It's unlikely that it'll snow tomorrow.
It's unlikely that it'll rain tomorrow.
It was clear that Tom liked doing that.
It was clear Tom had already done that.
It was clear Tom had agreed to do that.
It was clear Tom did that all the time.
It looks like Tom is about to throw up.
I've had more girlfriends than Tom has.
I'm sure your parents are proud of you.
I'm sure that Tom will know the answer.
I'm sure that Tom should do that again.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will be there.
I'm pretty sure that Tom can help Mary.
I'm not convinced it's safe to do that.
I'm convinced that I shouldn't do that.
I'm convinced that I should to do that.
I'm afraid that that's going to happen.
I wish that Tom could actually do that.
I was hoping we could do that tomorrow.
I thought you wouldn't need to do that.
I thought you wouldn't have to do that.
I thought you would be able to do that.
I thought that you lived by yourselves.
I thought that Tom wouldn't enjoy that.
I thought Tom could do that by himself.
I think you know that I like you a lot.
I think that it's too early to go home.
I think that Tom would do that for you.
I think that Tom used to be a mechanic.
I think that Tom should do that inside.
I think that Tom made a right decision.
I think that Tom is on the front porch.
I think that Tom is afraid of the dark.
I think that Tom is a very strange guy.
I think that Tom is a really good cook.
I think Tom would be a good babysitter.
I think Tom might not actually do that.
I think Tom isn't much older than Mary.
I think Tom is doing something illegal.
I think Tom is already able to do that.
I think Tom is all right at the moment.
I soon realized that Tom wasn't joking.
I should've known Tom wouldn't do that.
I realize that Tom will try to do that.
I realize that Tom has been doing that.
I realize Tom shouldn't do that either.
I noticed that Tom was talking to Mary.
I need to know that I can count on you.
I know you're not the one who did that.
I know you're not doing that right now.
I know you'll be busy all day tomorrow.
I know you hardly ever do that anymore.
I know you don't want to do that today.
I know you don't often do that anymore.
I know you don't need to do that today.
I know you consider Tom a close friend.
I know you aren't doing that right now.
I know that you've been trying to help.
I know that you're still not satisfied.
I know that you're still angry with me.
I know that you'll enjoy Tom's concert.
I know that you'll do what's necessary.
I know that you won't enjoy doing that.
I know that you used to live in Boston.
I know that you trust Tom, but I don't.
I know that you recently got a new job.
I know that you know what I'm thinking.
I know that you have an essay to write.
I know that you have a house in Hawaii.
I know that you forged Tom's signature.
I know that you expected us to do that.
I know that you expected me to do that.
I know that you don't want to hurt Tom.
I know that you don't really mean that.
I know that you don't care about money.
I know that you didn't want to do that.
I know that you didn't do that for Tom.
I know that you can do that if you try.
I know that we're a long way from home.
I know that that isn't Tom's signature.
I know that somebody needed to do that.
I know that Tom wouldn't do that again.
I know that Tom would let Mary do that.
I know that Tom would enjoy doing that.
I know that Tom would do that for Mary.
I know that Tom won't do that tomorrow.
I know that Tom will refuse to do that.
I know that Tom will no longer do that.
I know that Tom will forget to do that.
I know that Tom will do that with Mary.
I know that Tom will do that next week.
I know that Tom will ask me to do that.
I know that Tom wasn't able to do that.
I know that Tom was a little surprised.
I know that Tom wants to do that alone.
I know that Tom wants to do that again.
I know that Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I know that Tom used to be a policeman.
I know that Tom used to be a lifeguard.
I know that Tom still wants to do that.
I know that Tom still needs to do that.
I know that Tom should do that outside.
I know that Tom should do that himself.
I know that Tom said that he'd do that.
I know that Tom ought to do that again.
I know that Tom needs to do that today.
I know that Tom needs to do that again.
I know that Tom might agree to do that.
I know that Tom might actually do that.
I know that Tom may be able to do that.
I know that Tom learned how to do that.
I know that Tom knows why you did that.
I know that Tom knows how you did that.
I know that Tom knows Mary can do that.
I know that Tom knows I should do that.
I know that Tom knows I had to do that.
I know that Tom knew he should do that.
I know that Tom isn't taller than Mary.
I know that Tom isn't ready to do that.
I know that Tom isn't peeling potatoes.
I know that Tom isn't much of a skater.
I know that Tom isn't much of a singer.
I know that Tom isn't allergic to nuts.
I know that Tom isn't afraid of snakes.
I know that Tom isn't afraid of ghosts.
I know that Tom isn't afraid of anyone.
I know that Tom isn't a very smart kid.
I know that Tom isn't a very smart guy.
I know that Tom isn't a very lucky guy.
I know that Tom isn't a very good cook.
I know that Tom isn't a very good boss.
I know that Tom isn't a trumpet player.
I know that Tom isn't a teacher either.
I know that Tom isn't a morning person.
I know that Tom isn't a good guitarist.
I know that Tom isn't a dental student.
I know that Tom isn't a coffee drinker.
I know that Tom is unlikely to do that.
I know that Tom is too weak to do that.
I know that Tom is too lazy to do that.
I know that Tom is tired of doing that.
I know that Tom is taller than Mary is.
I know that Tom is slightly overweight.
I know that Tom is prepared to do that.
I know that Tom is finished doing that.
I know that Tom is almost always early.
I know that Tom is afraid of everybody.
I know that Tom is a very talented man.
I know that Tom is a very talented kid.
I know that Tom is a very quiet person.
I know that Tom is a very good teacher.
I know that Tom is a very good student.
I know that Tom is a very good drummer.
I know that Tom is a very good acrobat.
I know that Tom is a very generous man.
I know that Tom is a very fast swimmer.
I know that Tom is a very creative guy.
I know that Tom is a very athletic guy.
I know that Tom is a used car salesman.
I know that Tom is a senior at Harvard.
I know that Tom is a retired policeman.
I know that Tom is a religious fanatic.
I know that Tom is a relative of yours.
I know that Tom is a reasonable person.
I know that Tom is a really good coach.
I know that Tom is a really bad singer.
I know that Tom is a really bad driver.
I know that Tom is a private detective.
I know that Tom is a pretty good skier.
I know that Tom is a pretty bright boy.
I know that Tom is a pretty bad singer.
I know that Tom is a pathological liar.
I know that Tom is a methodical person.
I know that Tom is a lot older than me.
I know that Tom is a lot different now.
I know that Tom is a little overweight.
I know that Tom is a huge baseball fan.
I know that Tom is a hopeless romantic.
I know that Tom is a good photographer.
I know that Tom is a good banjo player.
I know that Tom is a fairly good skier.
I know that Tom is a dependable person.
I know that Tom is a dedicated teacher.
I know that Tom is a conscientious guy.
I know that Tom is a college professor.
I know that Tom is a bit older than me.
I know that Tom is a bit old fashioned.
I know that Tom is a basketball player.
I know that Tom intentionally did that.
I know that Tom hasn't been doing that.
I know that Tom has started to do that.
I know that Tom has decided to do that.
I know that Tom got injured doing that.
I know that Tom expected us to do that.
I know that Tom expected me to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't always do that.
I know that Tom does that every Monday.
I know that Tom does that all the time.
I know that Tom didn't mean to do that.
I know that Tom didn't like to do that.
I know that Tom didn't like doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know I did that.
I know that Tom did that intentionally.
I know that Tom and Mary are both busy.
I know that Tom almost never does that.
I know that I've been acting strangely.
I know that I'm not likely to be fired.
I know that I'm not a very good singer.
I know that I'd be fired if I did that.
I know that I shouldn't have said that.
I know that I shouldn't have done that.
I know that I should've gone to Boston.
I know that I haven't been around much.
I know that I have to do that with Tom.
I know that I disappoint you sometimes.
I know that I didn't do that very well.
I know that I didn't do that last week.
I know Tom wouldn't want me to do that.
I know Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom would permit you to do that.
I know Tom would never stop doing that.
I know Tom would like to do that again.
I know Tom would like it if I did that.
I know Tom would be willing to do that.
I know Tom would be tempted to do that.
I know Tom won't permit you to do that.
I know Tom won't need to do that again.
I know Tom won't like doing that alone.
I know Tom won't have to do that alone.
I know Tom won't be tempted to do that.
I know Tom won't be doing that with me.
I know Tom won't be doing that anymore.
I know Tom won't be allowed to do that.
I know Tom won't be able do that today.
I know Tom won't allow Mary to do that.
I know Tom will show us how to do that.
I know Tom will probably do that later.
I know Tom will permit Mary to do that.
I know Tom will do that sometime today.
I know Tom will be prepared to do that.
I know Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I know Tom wants to become a librarian.
I know Tom used to be a security guard.
I know Tom used to be a school janitor.
I know Tom used to be a police officer.
I know Tom used to be a lacrosse coach.
I know Tom used to be a cattle rancher.
I know Tom ought to do that by himself.
I know Tom never considered doing that.
I know Tom needs to do that by himself.
I know Tom might want to do that today.
I know Tom might need to do that today.
I know Tom might have to do that today.
I know Tom might be allowed to do that.
I know Tom likes doing that by himself.
I know Tom knows you shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knows why he should do that.
I know Tom knows why I want to do that.
I know Tom knows why I need to do that.
I know Tom knows why I have to do that.
I know Tom knows when I should do that.
I know Tom knows that I should do that.
I know Tom knows that I had to do that.
I know Tom knows Mary wants to do that.
I know Tom knows Mary ought to do that.
I know Tom knows Mary needs to do that.
I know Tom knows I know how to do that.
I know Tom knows I hardly ever do that.
I know Tom knows I don't often do that.
I know Tom knew why you didn't do that.
I know Tom knew why you did that alone.
I know Tom knew that he should do that.
I know Tom knew how to do that already.
I know Tom knew Mary wanted to do that.
I know Tom knew Mary shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knew Mary needed to do that.
I know Tom knew I didn't often do that.
I know Tom isn't old enough to do that.
I know Tom isn't much taller than Mary.
I know Tom isn't much taller than me.
I know Tom isn't much shorter than you.
I know Tom isn't capable of doing that.
I know Tom isn't afraid of losing Mary.
I know Tom isn't about half Mary's age.
I know Tom isn't a very strong swimmer.
I know Tom isn't a very reasonable man.
I know Tom isn't a very reasonable guy.
I know Tom isn't a very likable person.
I know Tom isn't a very healthy person.
I know Tom isn't a very great listener.
I know Tom isn't a very good violinist.
I know Tom isn't a very good guitarist.
I know Tom isn't a very good carpenter.
I know Tom isn't a very careful driver.
I know Tom isn't a taxi driver anymore.
I know Tom isn't a student here either.
I know Tom isn't a gym teacher anymore.
I know Tom isn't a good French speaker.
I know Tom isn't a construction worker.
I know Tom is used to getting up early.
I know Tom is too old to be doing that.
I know Tom is strong enough to do that.
I know Tom is still willing to do that.
I know Tom is here to see Mary, not me.
I know Tom is going to want to do that.
I know Tom is going to like doing that.
I know Tom is going to let you do that.
I know Tom is going to help us do that.
I know Tom is doing that the wrong way.
I know Tom is at least as tall as I am.
I know Tom is at home waiting for Mary.
I know Tom is almost as old as Mary is.
I know Tom is afraid to try to do that.
I know Tom is afraid to try new things.
I know Tom is active in local politics.
I know Tom is accustomed to doing that.
I know Tom is absent because he's sick.
I know Tom is about the same age as me.
I know Tom is about as tall as Mary is.
I know Tom is a very talented musician.
I know Tom is a very protective father.
I know Tom is a very good story teller.
I know Tom is a very good poker player.
I know Tom is a very good chess player.
I know Tom is a very good banjo player.
I know Tom is a student, not a teacher.
I know Tom is a respected psychologist.
I know Tom is a really interesting guy.
I know Tom is a really good songwriter.
I know Tom is a primary school teacher.
I know Tom is a lot stronger than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot stronger than I am.
I know Tom is a lot older than Mary is.
I know Tom is a little taller than you.
I know Tom is a little older than Mary.
I know Tom is a little older than I am.
I know Tom is a little like his father.
I know Tom is a little behind schedule.
I know Tom is a good volleyball player.
I know Tom is a good basketball player.
I know Tom is a fairly good songwriter.
I know Tom is a conscientious objector.
I know Tom is a close friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a better swimmer than me.
I know Tom is a better skier than Mary.
I know Tom is a better pilot than Mary.
I know Tom has worked as a voice actor.
I know Tom has done that at least once.
I know Tom had a lot of fun doing that.
I know Tom does that from time to time.
I know Tom didn't know that I did that.
I know Tom didn't know I could do that.
I know Tom could tell you who did that.
I know Tom could easily have done that.
I know Tom could be tempted to do that.
I know Tom can stop me from doing that.
I know Tom can do that without my help.
I know Tom and only Tom should do that.
I know Tom and only Tom has to do that.
I know Tom and Mary are both unmarried.
I know Tom and Mary are John's friends.
I know I should do that while I'm here.
I knew that you expected us to do that.
I knew that you expected me to do that.
I knew that that was Tom's handwriting.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that again.
I knew that Tom would let Mary do that.
I knew that Tom would do that for Mary.
I knew that Tom wasn't laughing at you.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very nice guy.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very nice boy.
I knew that Tom was through doing that.
I knew that Tom was tempted to do that.
I knew that Tom was good at doing that.
I knew that Tom was already doing that.
I knew that Tom was allowed to do that.
I knew that Tom was afraid of everyone.
I knew that Tom was a very patient man.
I knew that Tom was a very fussy eater.
I knew that Tom was a really smart guy.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that here.
I knew that Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom should do that outside.
I knew that Tom should do that himself.
I knew that Tom said that he'd do that.
I knew that Tom ought to do that again.
I knew that Tom might actually do that.
I knew that Tom got injured doing that.
I knew that Tom expected us to do that.
I knew that Tom expected me to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't plan to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't like to do that.
I knew that Tom did that intentionally.
I knew that Tom could probably do that.
I knew that I was going to be punished.
I knew that I was going to be arrested.
I knew that I shouldn't have done that.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to help us.
I knew Tom would permit you to do that.
I knew Tom would like to do that again.
I knew Tom would like it if I did that.
I knew Tom would be willing to do that.
I knew Tom would be tempted to do that.
I knew Tom would be nervous doing that.
I knew Tom would be doing that outside.
I knew Tom would be doing that all day.
I knew Tom would be allowed to do that.
I knew Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't going to wait for us.
I knew Tom wasn't going to wait for me.
I knew Tom wasn't afraid of Mary's dog.
I knew Tom was in the kitchen, cooking.
I knew Tom was going to do that for us.
I knew Tom was going to do that for me.
I knew Tom was afraid of being cheated.
I knew Tom was a reckless young fellow.
I knew Tom was a native French speaker.
I knew Tom was a lot younger than Mary.
I knew Tom was a little taller than me.
I knew Tom was a bit under the weather.
I knew Tom was a better cook than Mary.
I knew Tom ought to do that by himself.
I knew Tom liked doing that by himself.
I knew Tom knew why you didn't do that.
I knew Tom knew why you did that alone.
I knew Tom knew how to do that already.
I knew Tom had a lot of fun doing that.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that here.
I knew Tom couldn't swim as well as me.
I just want Tom to know we'll miss him.
I hoping that I can live here with you.
I hope you can take care of yourselves.
I hope that we made the right decision.
I hope Tom doesn't cause a scene again.
I hope I don't have to do that anymore.
I have a right to know what's going on.
I enjoyed reading the book you gave me.
I enjoyed reading the book Tom gave me.
I doubt that Tom will do that for Mary.
I doubt Tom really did that by himself.
I doubt Tom has the courage to do that.
I don't want Tom to know that I'm rich.
I don't want Tom to know I got married.
I don't think that Tom was lying to us.
I don't think that Tom was lying to me.
I don't think Tom would do that either.
I don't think Tom made a good decision.
I don't think Tom can actually do that.
I didn't see anybody that I recognized.
I didn't know you had to do that today.
I didn't know you did that by yourself.
I didn't know you and Tom were engaged.
I didn't know that you'd do that again.
I didn't know that you'd be here today.
I didn't know that you were still here.
I didn't know that you went to college.
I didn't know that you still had a dog.
I didn't know that you played the oboe.
I didn't know that you needed one, too.
I didn't know that you had a boyfriend.
I didn't know that you cared that much.
I didn't know that Tom was a geologist.
I didn't know that Tom was a film buff.
I didn't know that Tom was a beekeeper.
I didn't know that I'd be busy all day.
I didn't know that I would hurt anyone.
I didn't know that I needed more money.
I didn't know Tom was going to kiss me.
I didn't know Tom was going to be here.
I didn't know Tom was allergic to bees.
I didn't know Tom was afraid of ghosts.
I didn't know Tom was a fitness expert.
I didn't know Tom was a cocaine addict.
I didn't know Tom was a French teacher.
I didn't know Tom wanted me to do that.
I didn't know Tom used to teach French.
I didn't know Tom shouldn't go outside.
I didn't know Tom saw me leaving early.
I didn't know Tom didn't like hot food.
I didn't know Tom didn't like his work.
I didn't know Tom didn't like broccoli.
I didn't know I'd done something wrong.
I didn't know I should do that outside.
I didn't even know you didn't like Tom.
I didn't eat as many vegetables as you.
I can't believe that I never knew that.
I can guarantee we won't do that again.
I already know that they're not hiring.
How do you know that you can trust Tom?
How do you know that they're Canadians?
How do you know that I'm not from here?
How do I know that you're not bluffing?
How did you know that I didn't do that?
How did you know Tom was Mary's cousin?
How did Tom know Mary wouldn't be here?
How did Tom know Mary couldn't do that?
How did Tom know I wanted one of these?
How did Tom find out that we'd be here?
Everyone knows that we like each other.
Everyone knows Tom has a thing for you.
Everyone here knows we can't trust Tom.
Everybody knows that we went to Boston.
Everybody knows that we didn't do that.
Everybody knows that Tom won't do that.
Everybody knows that Tom can't do that.
Everybody knows that I'm back, I think.
Everybody here knows we don't eat pork.
Everybody here knows that Tom did that.
Even Tom knew Mary didn't like spinach.
Don't forget that Tom has a bad temper.
Don't forget Tom has no sense of humor.
Does anyone else know that you're here?
Does Tom know you've done that already?
Does Tom know you've already done that?
Does Tom know you can't swim very well?
Does Tom know that you want to do that?
Do you think that this can be repaired?
Do you think Tom made a right decision?
Do you that think people still do that?
Do Tom and Mary know wish they'd leave?
Didn't you know that you needed a visa?
Didn't you know that Tom was a dentist?
Didn't you know that I was from Boston?
Didn't Tom know that he had to do that?
Did you know that Tom liked doing that?
Did you know that Tom had only one leg?
Did you know that Tom didn't like Mary?
Did you know that Tom couldn't do that?
Did you know Tom was in love with Mary?
Did you know Tom has a criminal record?
Did you know Tom had this many friends?
Did you know Tom got married last week?
Did Tom know you were going to be here?
Did Tom know that you couldn't do that?
Both Tom and Mary work the night shift.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to stay.
Almost no one knows that we're sisters.
You should let Tom know you can drive.
You never let me do what I want to do.
You know that you did the right thing.
You know that Tom will try to stop us.
You know that Tom has a thing for you.
You know that Tom did that, don't you?
You know that I'm innocent, don't you?
You know that I can't wait any longer.
You know Tom wants to help, don't you?
You know I need to do that, don't you?
You knew Tom was a barber, didn't you?
You and I both know Tom can't do that.
Why are you being so nice to everyone?
Where did Tom say he heard that story?
When do you think that that'll happen?
What makes you think that I'd do that?
We know that you've got plenty to say.
We know that they're going to be good.
We knew that Tom would likely be late.
We already know Tom has been arrested.
We all know Tom wasn't here yesterday.
Tom won't leave his kids here with us.
Tom was wearing the tie Mary gave him.
Tom was too angry to continue working.
Tom was the only one who was standing.
Tom was the only one who was sleeping.
Tom was the only one who was drinking.
Tom was convinced he ought to do that.
Tom was convinced Mary should do that.
Tom was convinced Mary had to do that.
Tom told me Mary died on October 20th.
Tom told Mary that she should go home.
Tom told Mary she should wash her car.
Tom told Mary he had to do that today.
Tom thought that John was his brother.
Tom thinks Mary won't have to do this.
Tom thinks Mary has psychic abilities.
Tom started putting things in the box.
Tom soon realized that he was trapped.
Tom soon realized something was wrong.
Tom showed his stamp collection to me.
Tom showed Mary a photo of his mother.
Tom should let Mary know he likes her.
Tom says that his house needs painted.
Tom says he's never tasted whale meat.
Tom says he knows that Mary won't win.
Tom says he knows that Mary could win.
Tom says he knows that Mary can't win.
Tom saw someone looking in his window.
Tom said that Mary was very beautiful.
Tom said he'd be busy on October 20th.
Tom said he would give a book to Mary.
Tom said he wanted something to drink.
Tom said he needed a little more time.
Tom said he expected Mary to be there.
Tom said he didn't care what happened.
Tom said he definitely won't be there.
Tom said he couldn't eat another bite.
Tom regained all the weight he'd lost.
Tom really thought I ought to do that.
Tom realized you shouldn't to do that.
Tom realized that we ought to do that.
Tom realized that something was wrong.
Tom realized that he was going to die.
Tom realized that he ought to do that.
Tom realized that Mary should do that.
Tom realized that Mary had to do that.
Tom realized that I wanted to do that.
Tom realized that I needed to do that.
Tom realized Mary couldn't to do that.
Tom realized I didn't want to do that.
Tom realized I didn't need to do that.
Tom realized I didn't have to do that.
Tom never lets Mary do what she wants.
Tom knows something that I don't know.
Tom knows he's not going to be famous.
Tom knows he isn't going to be famous.
Tom knew that Mary was having a party.
Tom knew he'd be busy on October 20th.
Tom is way more outgoing than Mary is.
Tom is the one Mary met the other day.
Tom is convinced he shouldn't do that.
Tom is convinced he should to do that.
Tom hopes that Mary is getting better.
Tom has decided he's going to say yes.
Tom has decided he's going to do that.
Tom has decided he's going to buy one.
Tom had no idea that Mary was unhappy.
Tom doesn't pay us. Someone else does.
Tom doesn't look as busy as Mary does.
Tom doesn't know that I can't do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't like me.
Tom doesn't know I've never done that.
Tom didn't watch television yesterday.
Tom didn't realize you should do that.
Tom didn't realize you had to do that.
Tom didn't realize anything was wrong.
Tom didn't realize I ought to do that.
Tom didn't realize I could to do that.
Tom didn't know you wouldn't be there.
Tom didn't know what he did was wrong.
Tom didn't know the bridge was closed.
Tom didn't know that Mary was in pain.
Tom didn't know that Mary was engaged.
Tom didn't know Mary was already dead.
Tom didn't know Mary was John's niece.
Tom didn't know Mary couldn't do that.
Tom didn't know I was able to do that.
Tom caught more fish than anyone else.
Tom caught more fish than anybody did.
Tom can do that much better than Mary.
Tom bought everything we asked him to.
Tom believed that Mary was telepathic.
Tom ate the sandwich Mary made for me.
Tom assumed everybody knew who he was.
Tom assumed everybody knew what to do.
Tom assumed Mary was going to do that.
Tom asked Mary to wake him up at 6:30.
Tom asked Mary to turn the lights off.
Tom asked Mary to turn off the lights.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to drive.
Tom announced he was going to do that.
Tom and Mary know that you didn't cry.
Tom and Mary are both younger than me.
Tom and I both know that you did that.
Tom already knows Mary has to do that.
Tom already knows Mary didn't do that.
The police think Tom was the arsonist.
That was the last day that we saw Tom.
Nobody knows that Tom like I know Tom.
Nobody knew Tom couldn't speak French.
No one knew Tom couldn't speak French.
Mary didn't know Tom had a girlfriend.
Mary can't cook as well as her mother.
Make sure that Tom does it by himself.
It's clear something more is going on.
It's a pity that you can't go with us.
It was clear Tom was ready to do that.
It was clear Tom was going to do that.
It was clear Tom hadn't done that yet.
It was clear Tom had done that for us.
It looked like Tom was about to vomit.
I'm the one here who really knows what Tom did.
I'm sure Tom knew was going to happen.
I'm sure Tom could help you with that.
I'm pretty sure that everything is OK.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will help me.
I'm not going to allow you to do that.
I'm convinced that I ought to do that.
I'm convinced I don't need to do that.
I'm convinced I don't have to do that.
I wonder how Tom knew I would be here.
I was convinced that I should do that.
I was convinced that I had to do that.
I want you to know I plan to be there.
I told you something I shouldn't have.
I thought we wouldn't have to do that.
I thought that ought to do that again.
I thought maybe Mary wouldn't do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't try to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't likely do that.
I thought Tom would regret doing that.
I thought Tom would help Mary do that.
I thought Tom was too weak to do that.
I think you'd better ask Tom yourself.
I think you should turn yourselves in.
I think you should talk to the police.
I think you should read it yourselves.
I think you should do that yourselves.
I think that Tom's plan is a good one.
I think that Tom won't try to do that.
I think that Tom was a little shocked.
I think that Tom made a good decision.
I think that Tom is alone in his room.
I think that Tom is almost thirty now.
I think that Tom is afraid of spiders.
I think that Tom is a creative person.
I think that Tom died on October 20th.
I think everybody here knows that Tom can't do that.
I think Tom used to be a screenwriter.
I think Tom shouldn't do that outside.
I think Tom shouldn't do that anymore.
I think Tom may leave on October 20th.
I think Tom isn't a very good manager.
I think Tom is much smarter than Mary.
I think Tom is almost as tall as Mary.
I think Tom is a very intelligent guy.
I think Tom is a retired truck driver.
I think Tom is a fairly decent golfer.
I think I'll be able to fix it myself.
I think I can do that better than you.
I pretended I didn't know how to swim.
I often do things Tom tells me not to.
I met somebody yesterday who knows your grandfather.
I know you'll enjoy reading this book.
I know you won't do that before lunch.
I know you didn't do that by yourself.
I know that you've been through a lot.
I know that you're trying to help Tom.
I know that you're not yourself today.
I know that you're in there somewhere.
I know that you're going to come back.
I know that you're disappointed in me.
I know that you're both angry with me.
I know that you'll do the right thing.
I know that you'll do a wonderful job.
I know that you'll do a fantastic job.
I know that you'd never let Tom drive.
I know that you were giving Tom money.
I know that you want to quit your job.
I know that you want to make me happy.
I know that you want to do that today.
I know that you threw my picture away.
I know that you think there's no hope.
I know that you need to do that today.
I know that you haven't done that yet.
I know that you have to do that today.
I know that you have feelings for Tom.
I know that you don't want to hurt me.
I know that you don't want to be here.
I know that you didn't do that for me.
I know that you aren't yourself today.
I know that that isn't Tom's umbrella.
I know that someone needed to do that.
I know that somebody ought to do that.
I know that somebody needs to do that.
I know that Tom would do that for you.
I know that Tom won't need to do that.
I know that Tom won't make me do that.
I know that Tom won't have to do that.
I know that Tom won't do that, either.
I know that Tom won't do that anymore.
I know that Tom will enjoy doing that.
I know that Tom will do that with you.
I know that Tom will do that tomorrow.
I know that Tom will do that for Mary.
I know that Tom will agree to do that.
I know that Tom was a skinny teenager.
I know that Tom wants to do that here.
I know that Tom used to be a preacher.
I know that Tom should do that inside.
I know that Tom never used to do that.
I know that Tom might want to do that.
I know that Tom might need to do that.
I know that Tom might have to do that.
I know that Tom knows why you do that.
I know that Tom knows when I did that.
I know that Tom knows how we did that.
I know that Tom knew I should do that.
I know that Tom knew I had to do that.
I know that Tom knew I didn't do that.
I know that Tom isn't older than Mary.
I know that Tom isn't as tall as Mary.
I know that Tom isn't about done here.
I know that Tom isn't a very nice man.
I know that Tom isn't a very nice kid.
I know that Tom isn't a very nice guy.
I know that Tom isn't a very nice boy.
I know that Tom isn't a professor yet.
I know that Tom isn't a perfectionist.
I know that Tom isn't a music teacher.
I know that Tom isn't a good musician.
I know that Tom is tempted to do that.
I know that Tom is good at doing that.
I know that Tom is already a teenager.
I know that Tom is almost ready to go.
I know that Tom is almost always late.
I know that Tom is almost always busy.
I know that Tom is allowed to do that.
I know that Tom is afraid of the dark.
I know that Tom is afraid of everyone.
I know that Tom is a very wealthy man.
I know that Tom is a very wealthy guy.
I know that Tom is a very rude person.
I know that Tom is a very patient man.
I know that Tom is a very mean person.
I know that Tom is a very likable guy.
I know that Tom is a very lazy person.
I know that Tom is a very jealous man.
I know that Tom is a very hard worker.
I know that Tom is a very good worker.
I know that Tom is a very good skater.
I know that Tom is a very good singer.
I know that Tom is a very good lawyer.
I know that Tom is a very good driver.
I know that Tom is a very good dancer.
I know that Tom is a very good bowler.
I know that Tom is a very good batter.
I know that Tom is a very good artist.
I know that Tom is a very fussy eater.
I know that Tom is a terrible manager.
I know that Tom is a talkative person.
I know that Tom is a regular customer.
I know that Tom is a really smart guy.
I know that Tom is a really good cook.
I know that Tom is a pretty tough kid.
I know that Tom is a pretty smart guy.
I know that Tom is a pretty good cook.
I know that Tom is a pain in the neck.
I know that Tom is a new student here.
I know that Tom is a native of Boston.
I know that Tom is a multimillionaire.
I know that Tom is a mountain climber.
I know that Tom is a member of a gang.
I know that Tom is a little skeptical.
I know that Tom is a little emotional.
I know that Tom is a helicopter pilot.
I know that Tom is a graphic designer.
I know that Tom is a graduate student.
I know that Tom is a good businessman.
I know that Tom is a good bass player.
I know that Tom is a friend of Mary's.
I know that Tom is a former CIA agent.
I know that Tom is a financial wizard.
I know that Tom is a college graduate.
I know that Tom is a big baseball fan.
I know that Tom is a Harvard graduate.
I know that Tom is a Canadian citizen.
I know that Tom has done that already.
I know that Tom has already done that.
I know that Tom does that quite often.
I know that Tom can play the trombone.
I know that Tom can help Mary do that.
I know that I've told you this before.
I know that I've got to do that today.
I know that I'm doing the right thing.
I know that I was supposed to do that.
I know that I shouldn't feel this way.
I know that I shouldn't do that alone.
I know that I shouldn't do that again.
I know that I should do that with Tom.
I know that I don't have long to live.
I know that I don't have enough money.
I know that I didn't do that with Tom.
I know that I can't change Tom's mind.
I know that I can do better next time.
I know that I can count on all of you.
I know that I can always count on you.
I know that I can always count on Tom.
I know Tom wouldn't make Mary do that.
I know Tom wouldn't help Mary do that.
I know Tom would permit me to do that.
I know Tom would never really do that.
I know Tom would be afraid to do that.
I know Tom would appreciate your help.
I know Tom would allow you to do that.
I know Tom won't permit us to do that.
I know Tom won't permit me to do that.
I know Tom won't need help doing that.
I know Tom won't likely do that today.
I know Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I know Tom won't allow you to do that.
I know Tom will permit you to do that.
I know Tom will like doing that alone.
I know Tom will have to do that alone.
I know Tom will do that at about 2:30.
I know Tom will be through doing that.
I know Tom will be tempted to do that.
I know Tom will be nervous doing that.
I know Tom will be doing that with me.
I know Tom will be allowed to do that.
I know Tom will be able do that again.
I know Tom will be a tough competitor.
I know Tom will allow Mary to do that.
I know Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I know Tom wasn't planning to do that.
I know Tom wasn't paid for doing that.
I know Tom wasn't finished doing that.
I know Tom was in Boston last weekend.
I know Tom was going to do that today.
I know Tom was going to do that again.
I know Tom used to be a house painter.
I know Tom used to be a heavy drinker.
I know Tom used to be a fighter pilot.
I know Tom might not agree to do that.
I know Tom might not actually do that.
I know Tom knows why I had to do that.
I know Tom knows why I didn't do that.
I know Tom knows who wants to do that.
I know Tom knows who needs to do that.
I know Tom knows who did that to Mary.
I know Tom knows who did that for him.
I know Tom knows we shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knows he shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knows he needed to do that.
I know Tom knew why he should do that.
I know Tom knew who wanted to do that.
I know Tom knew who needed to do that.
I know Tom knew who did that for Mary.
I know Tom knew that I should do that.
I know Tom knew that I had to do that.
I know Tom knew that I didn't do that.
I know Tom knew Mary couldn't do that.
I know Tom knew I knew how to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who did that.
I know Tom isn't much younger than me.
I know Tom isn't much older than Mary.
I know Tom isn't afraid of Mary's dog.
I know Tom isn't a very sound sleeper.
I know Tom isn't a very religious man.
I know Tom isn't a very good wrestler.
I know Tom isn't a very good salesman.
I know Tom isn't a very good musician.
I know Tom isn't a very good gardener.
I know Tom isn't a university student.
I know Tom isn't a straight-A student.
I know Tom isn't a songwriter, either.
I know Tom isn't a member of our club.
I know Tom isn't a good soccer player.
I know Tom isn't a good music teacher.
I know Tom isn't a better dancer I am.
I know Tom is very good at doing that.
I know Tom is used to staying up late.
I know Tom is still in love with Mary.
I know Tom is still afraid to do that.
I know Tom is quite a good songwriter.
I know Tom is more handsome than I am.
I know Tom is likely to do that later.
I know Tom is in the kitchen, cooking.
I know Tom is committed to doing that.
I know Tom is already able to do that.
I know Tom is almost thirty years old.
I know Tom is afraid of being cheated.
I know Tom is acting a little strange.
I know Tom is about as old as Mary is.
I know Tom is a very talented painter.
I know Tom is a very secretive person.
I know Tom is a very religious person.
I know Tom is a very practical person.
I know Tom is a very good storyteller.
I know Tom is a very good clarinetist.
I know Tom is a very good bass player.
I know Tom is a very ambitious person.
I know Tom is a respected businessman.
I know Tom is a reckless young fellow.
I know Tom is a really great listener.
I know Tom is a pretty good guitarist.
I know Tom is a pretty good carpenter.
I know Tom is a person we can rely on.
I know Tom is a native French speaker.
I know Tom is a lot younger than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot younger than I am.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than I am.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than I am.
I know Tom is a little too old for me.
I know Tom is a little taller than me.
I know Tom is a junior in high school.
I know Tom is a hard person to please.
I know Tom is a hard man to deal with.
I know Tom is a good friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a good basketball coach.
I know Tom is a fluent French speaker.
I know Tom is a close friend of yours.
I know Tom is a bit younger than Mary.
I know Tom is a bit younger than I am.
I know Tom is a bit under the weather.
I know Tom is a bit shorter than Mary.
I know Tom is a bit shorter than I am.
I know Tom is a bit short for his age.
I know Tom is a better person than me.
I know Tom is a better driver than me.
I know Tom is a better dancer than me.
I know Tom is a better cook than Mary.
I know Tom is a better cook than I am.
I know Tom has never done that before.
I know Tom has decided not to do that.
I know Tom doesn't want me to do that.
I know Tom doesn't plan on doing that.
I know Tom doesn't need me to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why I do that.
I know Tom doesn't know Mary did that.
I know Tom doesn't do that very often.
I know Tom does that better than Mary.
I know Tom didn't know how to do that.
I know Tom could force you to do that.
I know Tom can swim better than I can.
I know Tom can help you do that today.
I know Tom can do that better than me.
I know Tom and Mary did that together.
I knew that what Tom said wasn't true.
I knew that Tom would help me do that.
I knew that Tom would come by himself.
I knew that Tom wasn't in the kitchen.
I knew that Tom wasn't a brave person.
I knew that Tom wasn't a baseball fan.
I knew that Tom was trying to do that.
I knew that Tom was likely to do that.
I knew that Tom was afraid to go home.
I knew that Tom was afraid to do that.
I knew that Tom was afraid of heights.
I knew that Tom was a very bad driver.
I knew that Tom was a Vietnam veteran.
I knew that Tom had already done that.
I knew that Tom did that all the time.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that yesterday.
I knew Tom would permit me to do that.
I knew Tom would be afraid to do that.
I knew Tom would appreciate your help.
I knew Tom would allow you to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't paid for doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't finished doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good teacher.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good student.
I knew Tom wasn't a really bad driver.
I knew Tom was going to do that today.
I knew Tom was going to do that again.
I knew Tom was afraid to say anything.
I knew Tom was about ready to do that.
I knew Tom was a very creative person.
I knew Tom was a very competitive guy.
I knew Tom was a little older than me.
I knew Tom knew why he should do that.
I knew Tom knew who wanted to do that.
I knew Tom knew who needed to do that.
I knew Tom knew who did that for Mary.
I knew Tom isn't as good cook as I am.
I knew Tom hadn't intended to do that.
I knew Tom had worked as a bus driver.
I knew Tom and only Tom could do that.
I knew I should do that, but I didn't.
I hope that I made the right decision.
I hope Tom is in a good mood tomorrow.
I hope Tom hasn't been seriously hurt.
I guess you know that I've missed you.
I dreamed I won three million dollars.
I doubt that we'll be able prove that.
I doubt that Tom has to do that again.
I doubt that Tom can actually do that.
I doubt Tom really planned to do that.
I doubt Tom really enjoyed doing that.
I doubt Tom has to do that by himself.
I don't want to be treated like a kid.
I don't want anybody to know I'm here.
I don't think Tom will try to do that.
I don't think Tom is allergic to cats.
I don't think Tom can do that anymore.
I don't like being touched by anybody.
I don't know whether it's good or not.
I didn't think that you would show up.
I didn't think that you would do that.
I didn't see anyone that I recognized.
I didn't realize Tom couldn't do that.
I didn't know you would do that today.
I didn't know you were married to Tom.
I didn't know that you'd won the race.
I didn't know that you were so lonely.
I didn't know that you were coming by.
I didn't know that you were a dentist.
I didn't know that you liked baseball.
I didn't know that you had a roommate.
I didn't know that you couldn't drive.
I didn't know that they could do that.
I didn't know that I was going to win.
I didn't know that I had hurt anybody.
I didn't know that I couldn't do that.
I didn't know Tom was studying French.
I didn't know Tom was still in Boston.
I didn't know Tom was married to Mary.
I didn't know Tom was in love with me.
I didn't know Tom was engaged to Mary.
I didn't know Tom was deaf in one ear.
I didn't know Tom was already married.
I didn't know Tom was a dermatologist.
I didn't know Tom was a dance teacher.
I didn't know Tom had so many friends.
I didn't know Tom had been doing that.
I didn't know Tom had an older sister.
I did know Tom used to live in Boston.
I can't guarantee that that'll happen.
I already knew that Tom could do that.
How do you know that I'm not Canadian?
How do you know that I didn't do that?
How do you know Tom doesn't like Mary?
How do I know that you won't steal it?
How did you know that I was in Boston?
How did you know Tom was lying to you?
How did you know Tom didn't like Mary?
How did you know Tom couldn't do that?
How did Tom know Mary was from Boston?
Everybody on our street knows Tom.
Everyone knows we're in love with Tom.
Everyone knows that where I come from.
Everyone knows that we went to Boston.
Everyone knows that we didn't do that.
Everyone knows that Tom won't do that.
Everyone knows that Tom can't do that.
Everyone here knows we don't eat pork.
Everyone here knows that Tom did that.
Everybody knows two and two make four.
Everybody knows that I don't like Tom.
Everybody knows Tom doesn't like Mary.
Everybody knew that Tom was in Boston.
Does Tom know you've done that before?
Does Tom know you've been here before?
Does Tom know you're going to do that?
Does Tom know you can't do that today?
Does Tom know that you can't eat nuts?
Do you think Tom made a good decision?
Do Tom and Mary know you've done that?
Didn't you know that I had to do that?
Did you know Tom was going to be here?
Did you know Tom spent time in prison?
Did you know Tom saw you kissing Mary?
Did you know Tom and Mary were dating?
Both Tom and I know that you did that.
You're not supposed to know that yet.
You should let Tom know you can swim.
You know that you can't do that here.
You know that I'm older than you are.
You know that I'm married, don't you?
You know that I don't have any money.
You know that I can't sing very well.
You know I'd do anything to help you.
You know I love all three of you.
You know I didn't do that, don't you?
You knew I could do that, didn't you?
You aren't supposed to know that yet.
You and I've both made many mistakes.
Who else knows your house is haunted?
We know we're not supposed to be here.
We know we aren't supposed to be here.
We know that you're working for them.
We know that you're friends with Tom.
We know that they're going to be out.
We knew the teacher wouldn't be late.
We didn't know you needed to do that.
We all know Tom is in love with Mary.
Tom wished that he had straight hair.
Tom will be here for three more days.
Tom was the only one who was snoring.
Tom was the first name we thought of.
Tom was only pretending he was tired.
Tom was just pretending he was tired.
Tom was born before his twin brother.
Tom was aware they were watching him.
Tom was around thirteen at that time.
Tom told me he heard a strange noise.
Tom told me Mary doesn't want to eat.
Tom told me I should go to Australia.
Tom told everybody he had to do that.
Tom thought that the door was locked.
Tom thought that he ought to do that.
Tom thought that I shouldn't do that.
Tom thought that I needed to do that.
Tom thought I didn't need to do that.
Tom thought I didn't have to do that.
Tom thinks Mary is the woman for her.
Tom still doesn't know that I'm here.
Tom soon realized Mary wasn't joking.
Tom says that he'll always love Mary.
Tom says that he knows the area well.
Tom says he'll try to fix it himself.
Tom says he'll leave on October 20th.
Tom says he needs a little more time.
Tom says he knows that Mary will win.
Tom says he knows that Mary will cry.
Tom says he can wait, but Mary can't.
Tom said that he'd given Mary a book.
Tom said that he'd come to the party.
Tom said he thought that I was flaky.
Tom said he thought I should do that.
Tom said he thought I had to do that.
Tom said he that thought I was flaky.
Tom said he had given a book to Mary.
Tom said he did that on October 20th.
Tom really thought we should do that.
Tom really thought we had to do that.
Tom really thought he should do that.
Tom really thought he had to do that.
Tom realized you couldn't to do that.
Tom realized we shouldn't to do that.
Tom realized that you should do that.
Tom realized that you had to do that.
Tom realized that I ought to do that.
Tom realized he shouldn't to do that.
Tom promised that he'd do that again.
Tom pretended that he was interested.
Tom knows that you did something bad.
Tom knows that he's going to be late.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't very happy.
Tom knew Mary was trying to find him.
Tom isn't usually as busy as Mary is.
Tom is convinced he ought to do that.
Tom is convinced he needs to do that.
Tom is convinced Mary has to do that.
Tom is afraid that's going to happen.
Tom is afraid that that might happen.
Tom hoped that he'd be offered a job.
Tom hates being treated like a child.
Tom has started renovating his house.
Tom has been here longer than I have.
Tom has assured me that won't happen.
Tom had no idea I was Mary's brother.
Tom graduated the same year Mary did.
Tom got here an hour before Mary did.
Tom doesn't want to see anyone today.
Tom doesn't look as old as Mary does.
Tom doesn't know that you have a dog.
Tom doesn't know that you have a car.
Tom doesn't know Mary should do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary isn't Canadian.
Tom doesn't know Mary has to do that.
Tom doesn't know I wish he'd go home.
Tom doesn't know I think he's stupid.
Tom didn't see anybody he recognized.
Tom didn't realize we should do that.
Tom didn't realize we had to do that.
Tom didn't like the movie Mary chose.
Tom didn't know you were from Boston.
Tom didn't know you didn't know Mary.
Tom didn't know you couldn't do that.
Tom didn't know Mary was John's wife.
Tom didn't know Mary was John's aunt.
Tom didn't know Mary used to do that.
Tom didn't know Mary didn't like him.
Tom didn't know I was Mary's husband.
Tom didn't know I was Mary's brother.
Tom didn't even know that I was here.
Tom did the only thing that he could.
Tom claims he didn't damage the book.
Tom caught more fish than anyone did.
Tom built the house that he lives in.
Tom bought his son a model train set.
Tom bought everything that he needed.
Tom assumed that Mary would be there.
Tom assumed that Mary was a Canadian.
Tom assumed everyone knew who he was.
Tom assumed everyone knew what to do.
Tom assumed Mary was still in Boston.
Tom asked Mary to turn the radio off.
Tom asked Mary to turn the lights on.
Tom asked Mary to turn the light off.
Tom asked Mary to turn off the radio.
Tom and Mary know that John did that.
Tom and Mary didn't know I'd be here.
There's a possibility that it's real.
The doctors assured Tom he'd be fine.
The beer that we drank was very good.
That won't be difficult for me to do.
Nobody knew Tom was going to do that.
No one knew Tom was going to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary did that.
Mary wished that she had a boyfriend.
Mary knows Tom isn't her real father.
It was clear Tom had been doing that.
If I don't do it, somebody else will.
I'm sure that Tom knows that already.
I'm not sure I want to do that again.
I'm not sure I need to do that again.
I'm not sure I have to do that again.
I'll let Tom know that you're coming.
I wouldn't trade places with anybody.
I wish you hadn't seen me doing that.
I wish that I didn't have to do that.
I wish that I could actually do that.
I wish Tom hadn't seen us doing that.
I wish Tom hadn't seen me doing that.
I understand Tom does that sometimes.
I thought you expected me to do that.
I thought that Tom said he'd do that.
I thought maybe you wouldn't show up.
I thought maybe you wouldn't do that.
I thought Tom would get mad for sure.
I thought Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I thought Tom should do that outside.
I thought Tom should do that himself.
I thought Tom said that he'd do that.
I thought Tom got injured doing that.
I thought Tom expected me to do that.
I thought Tom could do that for Mary.
I thought Mary would want to do that.
I thought Mary would need to do that.
I thought Mary would have to do that.
I think we need to air out this room.
I think that Tom will try to do that.
I think that Tom is out on the porch.
I think that Tom is allergic to cats.
I think that Tom is afraid of snakes.
I think that Tom is afraid of my dog.
I think that Tom is about to go home.
I think that Tom is a dental student.
I think that Tom has been doing that.
I think everyone here knows that Tom can't do that.
I think Tom's proposal is a good one.
I think Tom would be a good roommate.
I think Tom would be a good neighbor.
I think Tom isn't doing that anymore.
I think Tom is much busier than Mary.
I think Tom is almost done for today.
I think Tom is almost as tall as you.
I think Tom is about to start crying.
I think Tom is about half Mary's age.
I think Tom is a pretty good painter.
I think Tom has spent time in prison.
I think Tom has made a good decision.
I think Tom did that on October 20th.
I think Tom and only Tom can do that.
I really believe that that'll happen.
I realize Tom hasn't been doing that.
I realize Tom has actually done that.
I never knew Tom knew how to do that.
I never dreamed I'd ever be so happy.
I met someone yesterday who knows we did that.
I know you've been telling the truth.
I know you and Tom did that together.
I know that you're worried about Tom.
I know that you're working part-time.
I know that you're upset. We all are.
I know that you're thinking about me.
I know that you're telling the truth.
I know that you're smarter than that.
I know that you're smarter than I am.
I know that you're in here somewhere.
I know that you're holding out on me.
I know that you're doing all you can.
I know that you're afraid of heights.
I know that you're a friend of Tom's.
I know that you'll tell me the truth.
I know that you'll never leave early.
I know that you'll never forgive Tom.
I know that you'll like it in Boston.
I know that you won't do that for me.
I know that you want to go to Boston.
I know that you want to be beautiful.
I know that you think it's important.
I know that you need to go to Boston.
I know that you need some more money.
I know that you like being a teacher.
I know that you have your hands full.
I know that you don't care about Tom.
I know that you did that by yourself.
I know that we can make a difference.
I know that they've got big problems.
I know that they're hiding something.
I know that they're as happy as I am.
I know that someone ought to do that.
I know that someone needs to do that.
I know that Tom would let me do that.
I know that Tom would do that for us.
I know that Tom would do that for me.
I know that Tom won't wait very long.
I know that Tom won't try to do that.
I know that Tom won't do that either.
I know that Tom will stop doing that.
I know that Tom will quit doing that.
I know that Tom will like doing that.
I know that Tom will let you do that.
I know that Tom will help us do that.
I know that Tom will hate doing that.
I know that Tom will do that for you.
I know that Tom will do that as well.
I know that Tom will be able do that.
I know that Tom was going to do that.
I know that Tom was a little shocked.
I know that Tom was a little nervous.
I know that Tom wants you to do that.
I know that Tom wanted us to do that.
I know that Tom wanted me to do that.
I know that Tom used to be a soldier.
I know that Tom used to be a dentist.
I know that Tom told Mary to do that.
I know that Tom still has to do that.
I know that Tom shouldn't go outside.
I know that Tom should do that again.
I know that Tom should be doing that.
I know that Tom may agree to do that.
I know that Tom knows why I did that.
I know that Tom knows how to do that.
I know that Tom knows how I did that.
I know that Tom knew that I did that.
I know that Tom knew I had done that.
I know that Tom isn't taller than me.
I know that Tom isn't much taller than I am.
I know that Tom isn't in the kitchen.
I know that Tom isn't having any fun.
I know that Tom isn't afraid of Mary.
I know that Tom isn't a teenager yet.
I know that Tom isn't a messy person.
I know that Tom isn't a good student.
I know that Tom isn't a good painter.
I know that Tom isn't a brave person.
I know that Tom isn't a baseball fan.
I know that Tom isn't a baby anymore.
I know that Tom isn't Mary's husband.
I know that Tom is almost never late.
I know that Tom is ahead of schedule.
I know that Tom is afraid to go home.
I know that Tom is afraid of spiders.
I know that Tom is afraid of heights.
I know that Tom is afraid of doctors.
I know that Tom is a very strong man.
I know that Tom is a very strong guy.
I know that Tom is a very odd person.
I know that Tom is a very modest man.
I know that Tom is a very good skier.
I know that Tom is a very good coach.
I know that Tom is a very good actor.
I know that Tom is a very clumsy guy.
I know that Tom is a very clever boy.
I know that Tom is a very classy guy.
I know that Tom is a very bad singer.
I know that Tom is a very bad driver.
I know that Tom is a valuable client.
I know that Tom is a terrible singer.
I know that Tom is a terrible father.
I know that Tom is a terrible driver.
I know that Tom is a terrible dancer.
I know that Tom is a stubborn person.
I know that Tom is a songwriter, too.
I know that Tom is a science teacher.
I know that Tom is a retired teacher.
I know that Tom is a resourceful guy.
I know that Tom is a reckless driver.
I know that Tom is a really nice man.
I know that Tom is a really nice kid.
I know that Tom is a really nice guy.
I know that Tom is a really bad liar.
I know that Tom is a really bad cook.
I know that Tom is a pretty cool guy.
I know that Tom is a popular teacher.
I know that Tom is a plastic surgeon.
I know that Tom is a lot smarter now.
I know that Tom is a little paranoid.
I know that Tom is a little homesick.
I know that Tom is a little confused.
I know that Tom is a horrible driver.
I know that Tom is a history teacher.
I know that Tom is a good songwriter.
I know that Tom is a good bricklayer.
I know that Tom is a friend of yours.
I know that Tom is a firearms expert.
I know that Tom is a creative person.
I know that Tom is a convicted felon.
I know that Tom is a compulsive liar.
I know that Tom is a college student.
I know that Tom is a college dropout.
I know that Tom is a careless driver.
I know that Tom is a bit disoriented.
I know that Tom is a Vietnam veteran.
I know that Tom hasn't done that yet.
I know that Tom has tried to do that.
I know that Tom has tried doing that.
I know that Tom has to do that today.
I know that Tom has to do that again.
I know that Tom has done that before.
I know that Tom had to do that today.
I know that Tom doesn't need do that.
I know that Tom doesn't do that much.
I know that Tom didn't do that right.
I know that Tom didn't do that alone.
I know that Tom didn't do that again.
I know that Tom did that really well.
I know that Tom did that pretty well.
I know that Tom did that incorrectly.
I know that Tom can probably do that.
I know that I'm not ready to do that.
I know that I'm going to regret this.
I know that I'm going to learn a lot.
I know that I'm going to be punished.
I know that I'm going to be arrested.
I know that I'll have to be punished.
I know that I shouldn't have done it.
I know that I shouldn't do that here.
I know that I should've left earlier.
I know that I should've called first.
I know that I have it here somewhere.
I know that I got it right this time.
I know that I don't have much choice.
I know that I did that the wrong way.
I know that I can't take Tom's place.
I know both Tom and Mary are retired.
I know Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I know Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I know Tom would've done that for me.
I know Tom would never do that again.
I know Tom would make a good manager.
I know Tom would know not to do that.
I know Tom would have fun doing that.
I know Tom would do that if he could.
I know Tom would be happy to do that.
I know Tom would be happy doing that.
I know Tom would allow us to do that.
I know Tom would allow me to do that.
I know Tom won't very likely do that.
I know Tom won't likely do that here.
I know Tom won't know how to do that.
I know Tom won't be ready to do that.
I know Tom won't be doing that today.
I know Tom won't be doing that alone.
I know Tom won't be doing that again.
I know Tom won't ask Mary to do that.
I know Tom won't allow us to do that.
I know Tom won't allow me to do that.
I know Tom will permit us to do that.
I know Tom will permit me to do that.
I know Tom will need help doing that.
I know Tom will likely do that later.
I know Tom will be a worthy opponent.
I know Tom will allow you to do that.
I know Tom wasn't nervous doing that.
I know Tom was there a few hours ago.
I know Tom used to be a speech coach.
I know Tom used to be a prison guard.
I know Tom used to be a heavy smoker.
I know Tom used to be a chain smoker.
I know Tom used to be a car salesman.
I know Tom used to be a car mechanic.
I know Tom shouldn't do that anymore.
I know Tom should do that by himself.
I know Tom might not want to do that.
I know Tom might not need to do that.
I know Tom might not have to do that.
I know Tom might not do that anymore.
I know Tom might ask Mary to do that.
I know Tom knows where Mary did that.
I know Tom knows he ought to do that.
I know Tom knows Mary should do that.
I know Tom knows Mary has to do that.
I know Tom knows Mary had to do that.
I know Tom knows Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom knows I wanted to do that.
I know Tom knows I shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knows I needed to do that.
I know Tom knew why I had to do that.
I know Tom knew why I didn't do that.
I know Tom knew who did that to Mary.
I know Tom knew who did that for you.
I know Tom knew who did that for him.
I know Tom knew that I had done that.
I know Tom knew he shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knew he needed to do that.
I know Tom isn't prepared to do that.
I know Tom isn't planning to do that.
I know Tom isn't on the team anymore.
I know Tom isn't much of a guitarist.
I know Tom isn't finished doing that.
I know Tom isn't a very smart person.
I know Tom isn't a very good teacher.
I know Tom isn't a very good swimmer.
I know Tom isn't a very good student.
I know Tom isn't a very good pitcher.
I know Tom isn't a very good pianist.
I know Tom isn't a very good painter.
I know Tom isn't a very good manager.
I know Tom isn't a very good juggler.
I know Tom isn't a very good drummer.
I know Tom isn't a very good acrobat.
I know Tom isn't a very fast swimmer.
I know Tom isn't a very creative guy.
I know Tom isn't a very athletic guy.
I know Tom isn't a terrible roommate.
I know Tom isn't a really bad driver.
I know Tom is usually very secretive.
I know Tom is through doing that yet.
I know Tom is someone we can rely on.
I know Tom is planning on doing that.
I know Tom is going to be doing that.
I know Tom is considering doing that.
I know Tom is an electrical engineer.
I know Tom is alone in his apartment.
I know Tom is almost as tall as Mary.
I know Tom is almost as tall as I am.
I know Tom is afraid to say anything.
I know Tom is afraid to get involved.
I know Tom is afraid he'll get fired.
I know Tom is about thirty years old.
I know Tom is a year older than Mary.
I know Tom is a year older than I am.
I know Tom is a very peculiar person.
I know Tom is a very outgoing person.
I know Tom is a very intelligent guy.
I know Tom is a very good songwriter.
I know Tom is a very generous person.
I know Tom is a very creative person.
I know Tom is a very competitive guy.
I know Tom is a university professor.
I know Tom is a skilled chess player.
I know Tom is a retired psychiatrist.
I know Tom is a recovering alcoholic.
I know Tom is a professor at Harvard.
I know Tom is a pretty good salesman.
I know Tom is a lot taller than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot taller than I me.
I know Tom is a lot taller than I am.
I know Tom is a lot stronger than me.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than you.
I know Tom is a lot like his brother.
I know Tom is a lot busier than I am.
I know Tom is a little older than me.
I know Tom is a kindergarten teacher.
I know Tom is a high school graduate.
I know Tom is a good friend of yours.
I know Tom is a good baseball player.
I know Tom is a fairly decent golfer.
I know Tom is a different person now.
I know Tom is a dedicated family man.
I know Tom is a bit taller than Mary.
I know Tom is a bit taller than I am.
I know Tom has to do that by himself.
I know Tom had to do that by himself.
I know Tom doesn't often leave early.
I know Tom doesn't do that very much.
I know Tom does that as well as Mary.
I know Tom didn't want me to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary did that.
I know Tom didn't do that on purpose.
I know Tom didn't do that by mistake.
I know Tom didn't do that by himself.
I know Tom did that better this time.
I know Tom could've done that better.
I know Tom could get Mary to do that.
I know Tom could do that if he tried.
I know Tom and Mary are both retired.
I know I'll be able to do that today.
I know I should've done that earlier.
I know I did that with Tom last year.
I knew that that was what you wanted.
I knew that somebody would rescue us.
I knew that Tom wouldn't wait for us.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bad student.
I knew that Tom was ready to do that.
I knew that Tom was peeling potatoes.
I knew that Tom was making spaghetti.
I knew that Tom was against the plan.
I knew that Tom was afraid of snakes.
I knew that Tom was afraid of my dog.
I knew that Tom was afraid of ghosts.
I knew that Tom was afraid of flying.
I knew that Tom was about to do that.
I knew that Tom was a trumpet player.
I knew that Tom was a reasonable man.
I knew that Tom was a reasonable guy.
I knew that Tom was a little worried.
I knew that Tom shouldn't go outside.
I knew that Tom hadn't done that yet.
I knew that Tom had to do that today.
I knew that Tom had done that for us.
I knew Tom wouldn't help you do that.
I knew Tom would know not to do that.
I knew Tom would know how to do that.
I knew Tom would be ready to do that.
I knew Tom would be happy to do that.
I knew Tom would be happy doing that.
I knew Tom would allow us to do that.
I knew Tom would allow me to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't nervous doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't allowed to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't a very patient man.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good singer.
I knew Tom wasn't a very fussy eater.
I knew Tom was old enough to do that.
I knew Tom was going to do that, too.
I knew Tom was determined to do that.
I knew Tom was capable of doing that.
I knew Tom was afraid he'd get fired.
I knew Tom was abusing his authority.
I knew Tom was a really good student.
I knew Tom was a better cook than me.
I knew Tom might ask Mary to do that.
I knew Tom knew why I had to do that.
I knew Tom knew why I didn't do that.
I knew Tom knew who did that to Mary.
I knew Tom knew who did that for you.
I knew Tom knew who did that for him.
I knew Tom had to do that by himself.
I knew Tom didn't want me to do that.
I knew Tom didn't plan on doing that.
I knew Tom didn't need me to do that.
I knew Tom didn't do that very often.
I knew Tom didn't do that on purpose.
I knew Tom didn't do that by mistake.
I knew Tom didn't do that by himself.
I knew Tom could do that if he tried.
I immediately knew my leg was broken.
I hope that Tom can actually do that.
I felt that I needed to do something.
I doubt that Tom will try to do that.
I doubt that I'll be able to do that.
I doubt Tom really wanted to do that.
I doubt Tom really needed to do that.
I doubt Tom really enjoys doing that.
I doubt Tom is any smarter than Mary.
I don't think your Tom would approve.
I don't think we'll be able prove it.
I don't think Tom will wait for Mary.
I don't think I'll finish this today.
I don't like being touched by anyone.
I didn't think Tom would do anything.
I didn't think Mary was Tom's sister.
I didn't know you three were friends.
I didn't know that you were so tired.
I didn't know that you were so brave.
I didn't know that you were sleeping.
I didn't know that you were confused.
I didn't know that you were a member.
I didn't know that you were a doctor.
I didn't know that you had hay fever.
I didn't know that you had allergies.
I didn't know that you had a brother.
I didn't know that you felt this way.
I didn't know that you even knew Tom.
I didn't know that you enjoyed opera.
I didn't know that you couldn't sing.
I didn't know that you couldn't read.
I didn't know that you could do this.
I didn't know that my leg was broken.
I didn't know that Tom was a veteran.
I didn't know that Tom was a refugee.
I didn't know that Tom was a butcher.
I didn't know that I'd broken my leg.
I didn't know that I'd be handcuffed.
I didn't know that I had to help Tom.
I didn't know that I had hurt anyone.
I didn't know Tom was older than you.
I didn't know Tom was good at French.
I didn't know Tom was a veterinarian.
I didn't know Tom was a friend yours.
I didn't know Tom was a dairy farmer.
I didn't know Tom wanted me to leave.
I didn't know Tom didn't know French.
I didn't know I was doing that wrong.
I can't believe we actually did that.
I always knew Tom was a troublemaker.
How do you know that you can do that?
How do you know that I don't have it?
How do we know Tom wrote this letter?
How do I know that you won't do that?
How did you know that I was with Tom?
How did you know that I was bluffing?
How did Tom know I wanted to do that?
Everyone knows Tom doesn't like Mary.
Everyone knew that Tom was in Boston.
Everybody knows it wasn't your fault.
Don't forget Tom will need your help.
Don't forget Tom can't see very well.
Doesn't Tom know that you can't swim?
Does Tom know you're going to Boston?
Does Tom know you did that yesterday?
Does Tom know that you can't do that?
Does Tom know that I want him to win?
Does Tom know I can't swim very well?
Do you think that this is repairable?
Didn't you know that Tom was adopted?
Didn't Tom know he shouldn't do that?
Didn't Tom know he needed to do that?
Did you know Tom was studying French?
Did you know Tom is blind in one eye?
Did you know Tom could play the oboe?
Did you know Tom almost married Mary?
Did Tom know that Mary could do that?
Both you and I've made many mistakes.
Both Tom and Mary are both Canadians.
You think Tom is a crook, don't you?
You know you don't really mean that.
You know that Tom doesn't trust you.
You know that Tom doesn't like that.
You know that I'm telling the truth.
You know that I love Tom, don't you?
You know that I can't wait any more.
You know that I can't tell you that.
You know Tom is a doctor, don't you?
You know Tom is a barber, don't you?
You can't let anybody know I'm here.
You and I both know that isn't true.
When did Tom give you that suitcase?
What's Tom's social security number?
What do you recommend that we order?
We know that you can handle it, Tom.
We know Tom doesn't want to do that.
We all know that you don't eat meat.
We all know that Tom was doing that.
Tom won't leave his children behind.
Tom wished that he had a girlfriend.
Tom wasn't able to save Mary's life.
Tom was too mad to continue working.
Tom was the only one who was eating.
Tom was convinced he should do that.
Tom was convinced he had to do that.
Tom was born the day that Mary died.
Tom was aware he was being followed.
Tom wants Mary to know he loves her.
Tom wants Mary to know he likes her.
Tom wanted to keep his kids at home.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom told me that Mary was in Boston.
Tom told everyone he had to do that.
Tom told Mary to turn the radio off.
Tom told Mary to turn off the radio.
Tom thought that I ought to do that.
Tom says that he won't ever do that.
Tom says he knows that Mary can win.
Tom said that he'd give Mary a book.
Tom said that he thought I was kind.
Tom said that he doesn't feel tired.
Tom said that I was being too vague.
Tom said he's going to talk to Mary.
Tom said he'd leave on October 20th.
Tom said he wanted all these things.
Tom said he thought that I was kind.
Tom said he thought I would do that.
Tom really thought I should do that.
Tom really thought I had to do that.
Tom realized we couldn't to do that.
Tom realized that we should do that.
Tom realized that we had to do that.
Tom realized that he should do that.
Tom realized that he had to do that.
Tom realized it was probably a hoax.
Tom realized he couldn't to do that.
Tom realized I shouldn't to do that.
Tom often falls asleep on the couch.
Tom knows that Mary often says that.
Tom knows Mary used to be in prison.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't a teacher.
Tom is much friendlier than Mary is.
Tom had never told anybody but Mary.
Tom graduated the same year as Mary.
Tom gave me something I didn't want.
Tom gave all of his belongings away.
Tom gave Mary a dog on her birthday.
Tom doesn't know that you were here.
Tom doesn't know that Mary likes me.
Tom doesn't know that Mary hates me.
Tom doesn't know Mary is a Canadian.
Tom doesn't know Mary can't do that.
Tom doesn't even know that I'm here.
Tom does everything he's told to do.
Tom didn't think Mary was beautiful.
Tom didn't seem know Mary was lying.
Tom didn't realize Mary was in pain.
Tom didn't realize I should do that.
Tom didn't realize I had to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary had a dog.
Tom didn't know I was Mary's cousin.
Tom didn't know I wanted to do that.
Tom didn't know I needed to do that.
Tom didn't do what Mary said he did.
Tom couldn't even sell one painting.
Tom bought himself some new clothes.
Tom bought a dress for his daughter.
Tom asked Mary to turn the light on.
Tom and Mary know that you did that.
Tom and I know Mary is unhappy here.
Tom already knows Mary will do that.
This is the doghouse that Tom built.
The doctor assured Tom he'd be fine.
That's how I know that you love Tom.
Somebody should tell Tom what to do.
Promise me that you won't freak out.
Nobody knew that Tom was a Canadian.
No one wants to take responsibility.
No one knew that you were in Boston.
No one knew that Tom was a Canadian.
My parents died when I was thirteen.
Mary told me she'd left her husband.
Mary probably knows that I like her.
Mary knew that she was good-looking.
Mary is much prettier than Alice is.
Mary and Alice are both very pretty.
Make sure you don't hurt yourselves.
Make sure that you do it yourselves.
It was clear that Tom had done that.
It looks like Tom is about to vomit.
I'm sure Tom wants to do that again.
I'm sure Tom ought to do that again.
I'm sorry that you had to hear that.
I'm not sure we're going to do that.
I'm not convinced I have to do that.
I'm fairly certain Tom will help me.
I was hoping that that would happen.
I was convinced I shouldn't do that.
I was convinced I needed to do that.
I told Tom I didn't know what to do.
I thought you would need to do that.
I thought you would have to do that.
I thought that you wouldn't show up.
I thought that Tom would enjoy that.
I think you should do it yourselves.
I think that Tom is a good neighbor.
I think that Tom is a good listener.
I think everyone already knows that.
I think Tom won't refuse to do that.
I think Tom won't forget to do that.
I think Tom won't do that with Mary.
I think Tom won't do that next week.
I think Tom won't ask me to do that.
I think Tom was scared and confused.
I think Tom isn't a very good coach.
I think Tom is almost six feet tall.
I think Tom is addicted to gambling.
I think Tom is a student at Harvard.
I think Tom is a high school senior.
I should've known Tom would do that.
I should've known Tom would be late.
I promised Tom I'd keep it a secret.
I need to know we can depend on Tom.
I know you're not likely to do that.
I know you won't be able to do that.
I know you aren't likely to do that.
I know that you've been avoiding me.
I know that you're working with Tom.
I know that you're trying very hard.
I know that you're richer than I am.
I know that you're making it all up.
I know that you're hiding somewhere.
I know that you're hiding something.
I know that you're happy about that.
I know that you're afraid of snakes.
I know that you're afraid of flying.
I know that you'll enjoy that movie.
I know that you'll enjoy doing that.
I know that you'll be here tomorrow.
I know that you won't disappoint me.
I know that you were born in Boston.
I know that you want to talk to Tom.
I know that you want to go to sleep.
I know that you think this is crazy.
I know that you think highly of Tom.
I know that you hired an accountant.
I know that you haven't done it yet.
I know that you have homework to do.
I know that you didn't go to Boston.
I know that you did that on purpose.
I know that you can't do that today.
I know that somebody should do that.
I know that somebody has to do that.
I know that Tom wouldn't enjoy that.
I know that Tom won't do that today.
I know that Tom won't do that again.
I know that Tom will try to do that.
I know that Tom will likely do that.
I know that Tom will let us do that.
I know that Tom will do that for us.
I know that Tom will do that for me.
I know that Tom was a child prodigy.
I know that Tom wants me to do that.
I know that Tom used to be a priest.
I know that Tom sometimes does that.
I know that Tom should've done that.
I know that Tom saw Mary doing that.
I know that Tom plans on doing that.
I know that Tom may want to do that.
I know that Tom knows what Mary did.
I know that Tom knows Mary did that.
I know that Tom knew how to do that.
I know that Tom isn't very creative.
I know that Tom isn't happy, either.
I know that Tom isn't afraid of you.
I know that Tom isn't a teacher now.
I know that Tom isn't a popular guy.
I know that Tom isn't a nice person.
I know that Tom isn't a hard worker.
I know that Tom isn't a disc jockey.
I know that Tom isn't a busy person.
I know that Tom isn't a bad manager.
I know that Tom is very opinionated.
I know that Tom is thirty years old.
I know that Tom is taller than Mary.
I know that Tom is still doing that.
I know that Tom is ready to do that.
I know that Tom is peeling potatoes.
I know that Tom is out on the porch.
I know that Tom is making spaghetti.
I know that Tom is going to do that.
I know that Tom is doing that today.
I know that Tom is allergic to bees.
I know that Tom is against the plan.
I know that Tom is afraid of snakes.
I know that Tom is afraid of my dog.
I know that Tom is afraid of ghosts.
I know that Tom is afraid of flying.
I know that Tom is about thirty now.
I know that Tom is about Mary's age.
I know that Tom is a violin teacher.
I know that Tom is a very smart kid.
I know that Tom is a very smart guy.
I know that Tom is a very lucky guy.
I know that Tom is a very good cook.
I know that Tom is a trumpet player.
I know that Tom is a terrible coach.
I know that Tom is a tax consultant.
I know that Tom is a strong swimmer.
I know that Tom is a sports fanatic.
I know that Tom is a social drinker.
I know that Tom is a ski instructor.
I know that Tom is a selfish person.
I know that Tom is a school janitor.
I know that Tom is a rebellious boy.
I know that Tom is a reasonable man.
I know that Tom is a reasonable guy.
I know that Tom is a musical genius.
I know that Tom is a morning person.
I know that Tom is a lot better now.
I know that Tom is a little worried.
I know that Tom is a little strange.
I know that Tom is a little nervous.
I know that Tom is a healthy person.
I know that Tom is a guitar teacher.
I know that Tom is a good violinist.
I know that Tom is a good guitarist.
I know that Tom is a good detective.
I know that Tom is a good carpenter.
I know that Tom is a fantastic cook.
I know that Tom is a divorce lawyer.
I know that Tom is a careful driver.
I know that Tom is a buddy of yours.
I know that Tom is a branch manager.
I know that Tom is a bit unsociable.
I know that Tom is a bit overweight.
I know that Tom is a bad role model.
I know that Tom is a French teacher.
I know that Tom intended to do that.
I know that Tom helped Mary do that.
I know that Tom has been doing that.
I know that Tom does that sometimes.
I know that Tom does that every day.
I know that Tom didn't do that well.
I know that Tom did that in October.
I know that Tom did that by mistake.
I know that Tom did that by himself.
I know that Tom could do that today.
I know that Tom can't do that today.
I know that Tom can help us do that.
I know that Tom and Mary were there.
I know that I'm running out of time.
I know that I'm not good at singing.
I know that I'll be able to do that.
I know that I want to do that today.
I know that I shouldn't leave early.
I know that I need to do that today.
I know that I have to do that today.
I know that I don't need to do that.
I know that I don't have to do that.
I know that I did that pretty badly.
I know that I can make a difference.
I know that I can do that by myself.
I know both Tom and Mary are single.
I know both Tom and Mary are lonely.
I know Tom wouldn't like to do that.
I know Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I know Tom would've let you do that.
I know Tom would do that by himself.
I know Tom won't ever do that again.
I know Tom won't do that by himself.
I know Tom won't be doing that here.
I know Tom won't be able to do that.
I know Tom won't ask you to do that.
I know Tom will very likely do that.
I know Tom will never do that again.
I know Tom will know how to do that.
I know Tom will be ready to do that.
I know Tom will be doing that today.
I know Tom will be doing that later.
I know Tom will be doing that alone.
I know Tom will be doing that again.
I know Tom will allow us to do that.
I know Tom will allow me to do that.
I know Tom wasn't likely to do that.
I know Tom was a journalism student.
I know Tom wants to become a priest.
I know Tom used to work as a waiter.
I know Tom used to be a pastry chef.
I know Tom used to be a limo driver.
I know Tom used to be a gym teacher.
I know Tom used to be a glassblower.
I know Tom used to be a disc jockey.
I know Tom told Mary not to do that.
I know Tom shouldn't do that inside.
I know Tom seldom does that anymore.
I know Tom rarely does that anymore.
I know Tom ought to do that outside.
I know Tom might do that by himself.
I know Tom might be able to do that.
I know Tom knows why Mary does that.
I know Tom knows who has to do that.
I know Tom knows where you did that.
I know Tom knows when Mary did that.
I know Tom knows that Mary did that.
I know Tom knows Mary can't do that.
I know Tom knows I ought to do that.
I know Tom knew who did that for us.
I know Tom knew who did that for me.
I know Tom knew he couldn't do that.
I know Tom knew Mary should do that.
I know Tom knew Mary had to do that.
I know Tom knew Mary didn't do that.
I know Tom knew I'd never done that.
I know Tom knew I wanted to do that.
I know Tom knew I shouldn't do that.
I know Tom knew I needed to do that.
I know Tom isn't too old to do that.
I know Tom isn't much of a gardener.
I know Tom isn't doing that anymore.
I know Tom isn't as tall as Mary is.
I know Tom isn't as patient as I am.
I know Tom isn't allowed to do that.
I know Tom isn't afraid of anything.
I know Tom isn't a very picky eater.
I know Tom isn't a very patient man.
I know Tom isn't a very patient guy.
I know Tom isn't a very nice person.
I know Tom isn't a very likable guy.
I know Tom isn't a very kind person.
I know Tom isn't a very hard worker.
I know Tom isn't a very good writer.
I know Tom isn't a very good tailor.
I know Tom isn't a very good skater.
I know Tom isn't a very good singer.
I know Tom isn't a very good lawyer.
I know Tom isn't a very good hitter.
I know Tom isn't a very good golfer.
I know Tom isn't a very good goalie.
I know Tom isn't a very good driver.
I know Tom isn't a very good dancer.
I know Tom isn't a very good bowler.
I know Tom isn't a very good batter.
I know Tom isn't a very good artist.
I know Tom isn't a very fussy eater.
I know Tom isn't a teenager anymore.
I know Tom isn't a talkative person.
I know Tom isn't a native of Boston.
I know Tom isn't a college graduate.
I know Tom isn't a big baseball fan.
I know Tom isn't a bachelor anymore.
I know Tom is still in the hospital.
I know Tom is right and we're wrong.
I know Tom is one of Mary's friends.
I know Tom is old enough to do that.
I know Tom is more handsome than me.
I know Tom is capable of doing that.
I know Tom is almost as tall as you.
I know Tom is almost as old as Mary.
I know Tom is almost as old as I am.
I know Tom is almost always at home.
I know Tom is afraid of losing Mary.
I know Tom is afraid he'll get lost.
I know Tom is abusing his authority.
I know Tom is about as tall as Mary.
I know Tom is a very strange person.
I know Tom is a very selfish person.
I know Tom is a very quiet neighbor.
I know Tom is a very particular man.
I know Tom is a very likable person.
I know Tom is a very good guitarist.
I know Tom is a very easy-going guy.
I know Tom is a special-needs child.
I know Tom is a really good teacher.
I know Tom is a really good student.
I know Tom is a really good pitcher.
I know Tom is a pretty good teacher.
I know Tom is a pretty good swimmer.
I know Tom is a pretty good pianist.
I know Tom is a pretty amazing cook.
I know Tom is a person we can trust.
I know Tom is a lot younger than me.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than me.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than me.
I know Tom is a lot older than Mary.
I know Tom is a lot older than I am.
I know Tom is a lot like his father.
I know Tom is a little disappointed.
I know Tom is a high school student.
I know Tom is a high school dropout.
I know Tom is a guy you can lean on.
I know Tom is a graduate of Harvard.
I know Tom is a fairly good drummer.
I know Tom is a construction worker.
I know Tom is a bit younger than me.
I know Tom is a bit shorter than me.
I know Tom is a bit older than Mary.
I know Tom is a better cook than me.
I know Tom is a Red Cross volunteer.
I know Tom hasn't agreed to do that.
I know Tom has to do that right now.
I know Tom has spent time in prison.
I know Tom has forgotten to do that.
I know Tom has done that by himself.
I know Tom had to do that yesterday.
I know Tom expected Mary to do that.
I know Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
I know Tom didn't know you did that.
I know Tom didn't intend to do that.
I know Tom didn't do that yesterday.
I know Tom didn't do that with Mary.
I know Tom didn't do that on Monday.
I know Tom didn't do that last week.
I know Tom didn't ask me to do that.
I know Tom could do that by himself.
I know Tom can't do that by himself.
I know Tom and only Tom can do that.
I know Tom and Mary are both single.
I know Tom and Mary are both lonely.
I know I'm not yet ready to do that.
I know I can do that if you help me.
I knew that that would interest you.
I knew that someone would rescue us.
I knew that Tom would be doing that.
I knew that Tom wasn't a lieutenant.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bad person.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bad golfer.
I knew that Tom was able to do that.
I knew that Tom was a very sick man.
I knew that Tom was a very rich man.
I knew that Tom was a very nice guy.
I knew that Tom was a very bad cook.
I knew that Tom was a binge drinker.
I knew that Tom was a ballet dancer.
I knew that Tom knew how to do that.
I knew that I was going to be fired.
I knew Tom would do that right away.
I knew Tom would do that by himself.
I knew Tom wasn't afraid to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't afraid of anybody.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good coach.
I knew Tom wasn't a Vietnam veteran.
I knew Tom was upstairs in his room.
I knew Tom was reluctant to do that.
I knew Tom was motivated to do that.
I knew Tom was heating up leftovers.
I knew Tom was doing that yesterday.
I knew Tom was desperate to do that.
I knew Tom was afraid of Mary's dog.
I knew Tom was afraid he'd get lost.
I knew Tom was active in his church.
I knew Tom was about to fall asleep.
I knew Tom was a really good singer.
I knew Tom was a compulsive gambler.
I knew Tom was a child psychologist.
I knew Tom told Mary not to do that.
I knew Tom ought to do that outside.
I knew Tom might do that by himself.
I knew Tom might be able to do that.
I knew Tom knew who did that for us.
I knew Tom knew who did that for me.
I knew Tom hadn't agreed to do that.
I knew Tom had to do that yesterday.
I knew Tom had forgotten to do that.
I knew Tom had done that by himself.
I knew Tom expected Mary to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know you did that.
I knew Tom didn't intend to do that.
I knew Tom didn't do that with Mary.
I knew Tom didn't do that very much.
I knew Tom didn't do that on Monday.
I knew Tom couldn't legally do that.
I knew Tom could do that by himself.
I just want you to know Tom is safe.
I hope that things work out for you.
I have something I need to show you.
I expected Tom wouldn't do anything.
I doubt we'll be able to prove that.
I doubt that we'll be able prove it.
I doubt that Tom can deal with that.
I doubt that I'll finish this today.
I doubt Tom will be able to do that.
I doubt Tom will admit he was wrong.
I doubt Tom wanted to do that again.
I doubt Tom really wants to do that.
I doubt Tom really plans to do that.
I don't think that Tom noticed that.
I don't think Tom really meant that.
I don't think Tom is too old for me.
I don't believe that that'll happen.
I didn't watch television yesterday.
I didn't know you were Tom's sister.
I didn't know you were Tom's cousin.
I didn't know you loved Tom so much.
I didn't know you hated Tom so much.
I didn't know that you'd be nervous.
I didn't know that you'd be jealous.
I didn't know that you were worried.
I didn't know that you were so rich.
I didn't know that you were so lazy.
I didn't know that you were related.
I didn't know that you were nervous.
I didn't know that you were in here.
I didn't know that you spoke French.
I didn't know that you played chess.
I didn't know that you had children.
I didn't know that you had a sister.
I didn't know that you could juggle.
I didn't know that Tom was your son.
I didn't know that I'd see you here.
I didn't know that I'd hurt anybody.
I didn't know that I'd get punished.
I didn't know that I'd get arrested.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't be there.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's nephew.
I didn't know Tom wanted me to stay.
I didn't know Tom understood French.
I didn't know Tom saw us doing that.
I didn't know Tom said he'd do that.
I didn't know Tom had so much money.
I didn't know Mary was Tom's mother.
I can't give you money I don't have.
I can't believe Tom ate a cockroach.
I can guarantee that that'll happen.
I already knew Tom couldn't do that.
How do you know that they came here?
How do you know Tom isn't in Boston?
How do I know that you didn't do it?
How do I know Tom is the one for me?
How did you know I wouldn't do that?
How did we not know Tom was unhappy?
How did Tom know Mary could do that?
Everyone knows that I take pictures.
Everyone knows it wasn't your fault.
Everyone in here already knows that.
Don't forget Tom is deaf in one ear.
Doesn't Tom know you can't eat nuts?
Does Tom know that you've done that?
Do you think that dogs go to heaven?
Do you think Tom suspected anything?
Do you think I should do that today?
Did you think I was being too noisy?
Did you know that you could do that?
Did you know that Tom could do that?
Did you know Tom saw you doing that?
Did you know Tom owned a motorcycle?
Did you know Tom has three children?
Did you know Tom could speak French?
Did Tom know that you could do that?
Both Mary and Alice are very pretty.
You won't even know that I'm there.
You may eat anything in the fridge.
You know that Tom really likes you.
You know that I won't say anything.
You know that I can't speak French.
You know Tom likes Mary, don't you?
We sold all the apples that we had.
We know that you'll do what's best.
We know doing that will cost a lot.
We know Tom isn't going to help us.
We know Tom is unlikely to do that.
We know Tom doesn't always do that.
We didn't know that you were there.
We all know that Tom can't do that.
Tom won't even know that I'm there.
Tom won't believe anything you say.
Tom was too shy to talk to anybody.
Tom was the only one drinking beer.
Tom was paid more than he expected.
Tom was paid less than he expected.
Tom was only thirteen at that time.
Tom was just thirteen at that time.
Tom was aware he was being watched.
Tom took his children to the beach.
Tom told Mary he didn't have a car.
Tom thought the price was too high.
Tom thinks what Mary did was wrong.
Tom showed me his stamp collection.
Tom showed his ID to the bartender.
Tom says that he really saw a ghost.
Tom said we should stop doing this.
Tom said that you should wait here.
Tom said that that wasn't the case.
Tom said that nothing had happened.
Tom said that he wouldn't hit Mary.
Tom said that Mary was a good cook.
Tom said he'd given a book to Mary.
Tom said he would give Mary a book.
Tom said he wanted to learn French.
Tom said he wanted to buy that bag.
Tom said he needed to learn French.
Tom said he didn't want to eat that.
Tom said Mary died on October 20th.
Tom realized you wanted to do that.
Tom realized you needed to do that.
Tom realized that Mary was in pain.
Tom realized that I should do that.
Tom realized that I had to do that.
Tom realized Mary ought to do that.
Tom realized I couldn't to do that.
Tom often falls asleep on the sofa.
Tom never talks about his children.
Tom may do whatever he wants to do.
Tom knew that Mary was coming home.
Tom knew that Mary was a professor.
Tom knew Mary used to be a teacher.
Tom knew Mary didn't want to leave.
Tom is way more outgoing than Mary.
Tom is much better looking than me.
Tom is convinced he has to do that.
Tom is always emailing jokes to me.
Tom hopes he doesn't botch the job.
Tom hoped that Mary would kiss him.
Tom hates being treated like a kid.
Tom hasn't yet come down for lunch.
Tom hasn't come down for lunch yet.
Tom has gained ten kilos this year.
Tom has decided he's going to stay.
Tom has begun renovating his house.
Tom has been here longer than Mary.
Tom has already said he'll help us.
Tom had no idea Mary was in Boston.
Tom had no idea Mary felt that way.
Tom doesn't know I wish he'd leave.
Tom doesn't know I want to do that.
Tom didn't want to make Mary angry.
Tom didn't like the song Mary sang.
Tom didn't like the joke Mary told.
Tom didn't know you would be there.
Tom didn't know you wanted to stay.
Tom didn't know Mary was in Boston.
Tom didn't know Mary liked to cook.
Tom didn't know Mary had been sick.
Tom didn't know Mary could see him.
Tom didn't know I couldn't do that.
Tom didn't even know Mary was gone.
Tom didn't even know Mary had gone.
Tom didn't eat as much as Mary did.
Tom didn't do what you said he did.
Tom caught more fish than Mary did.
Tom can't draw as well as Mary can.
Tom can type much faster than Mary.
Tom can see things that Mary can't.
Tom can jump much higher than Mary.
Tom can eat things that Mary can't.
Tom can do whatever he wants to do.
Tom can buy things that Mary can't.
Tom bought Mary drinks all evening.
Tom assumed that Mary was Canadian.
Tom asked me to turn the radio off.
Tom asked me to turn off the radio.
Tom asked Mary to babysit his kids.
Tom and Mary are both teachers now.
Tom admitted he stole Mary's money.
They know that I want to leave now.
There's nobody for me to play with.
There's no proof that Tom did that.
There's no one for me to play with.
There's a chance Tom won't do that.
There's a chance I'll die tomorrow.
There isn't any proof Tom did that.
The police think Tom murdered Mary.
Someone should tell Tom what to do.
Nobody really cares what you think.
Nobody knew that Tom was in Boston.
Nobody knew that Tom was an ex-con.
No one really cares what you think.
No one knew that Tom was in Boston.
No one knew that Tom was an ex-con.
My mother died when I was thirteen.
My father died when I was thirteen.
Mary tried on her mother's clothes.
Mary tried her mother's clothes on.
Mary thinks Tom is the man for her.
Mary knows that she's good-looking.
Many women think Tom is attractive.
Make sure Tom does that by himself.
It seems likely Tom told the truth.
I've never thrown rocks at anybody.
I've had more girlfriends than Tom.
I'm sure Tom can handle everything.
I'm not convinced I should do that.
I wish that I hadn't said anything.
I wish I'd done better on the test.
I wish I could stay in bed all day.
I wasn't throwing rocks at anybody.
I was convinced I ought to do that.
I want you to know Tom is doing OK.
I want Tom to know we all love him.
I thought Tom wouldn't do anything.
I thought Tom looked a little pale.
I think that we're about done here.
I think that that dog is dangerous.
I think that Tom is a good painter.
I think that Tom is a gifted actor.
I think that Tom is a creative guy.
I think that Tom has fallen asleep.
I think that Tom did intentionally.
I think that I can handle this job.
I think Tom will refuse to do that.
I think Tom will forget to do that.
I think Tom will do that with Mary.
I think Tom will do that next week.
I think Tom will ask me to do that.
I think Tom wasn't able to do that.
I think Tom wants to do that alone.
I think Tom wants to do that again.
I think Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I think Tom needs to do that again.
I think Tom might actually do that.
I think Tom isn't a very good cook.
I think Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I think Tom is a really good coach.
I think Tom intentionally did that.
I think Tom has spent time in jail.
I think Tom expected me to do that.
I think Tom doesn't always do that.
I think Tom can help you with that.
I think Tom can do that on his own.
I think I'd be fired if I did that.
I really think that that'll happen.
I noticed Tom seemed to be unhappy.
I need to know Tom won't betray us.
I know you're the one who did that.
I know you won't like it in Boston.
I know you expected Tom to do that.
I know that you're working for Tom.
I know that you're still mad at me.
I know that you're smarter than me.
I know that you're not that stupid.
I know that you're not comfortable.
I know that you're going to say no.
I know that you're being sarcastic.
I know that you'll enjoy this book.
I know that you'll appreciate this.
I know that you recently got a job.
I know that you must be frightened.
I know that you don't like me much.
I know that you care about me, too.
I know that you can make it better.
I know that you aren't that stupid.
I know that you aren't comfortable.
I know that someone should do that.
I know that someone has to do that.
I know that someone had to do that.
I know that Tom would've done that.
I know that Tom won't do that here.
I know that Tom wishes I were dead.
I know that Tom will do that today.
I know that Tom will do that later.
I know that Tom will do that again.
I know that Tom will be doing that.
I know that Tom was a snotty child.
I know that Tom was a draft dodger.
I know that Tom started to do that.
I know that Tom saw you doing that.
I know that Tom refused to do that.
I know that Tom might've done that.
I know that Tom may have done that.
I know that Tom knows who did that.
I know that Tom knew Mary did that.
I know that Tom isn't afraid of me.
I know that Tom isn't a normal guy.
I know that Tom isn't a hockey fan.
I know that Tom isn't a good coach.
I know that Tom isn't a fast eater.
I know that Tom isn't a bad singer.
I know that Tom isn't a bad person.
I know that Tom isn't a bad driver.
I know that Tom is still in Boston.
I know that Tom isn't much of a skier.
I know that Tom is doing that, too.
I know that Tom is almost finished.
I know that Tom is a very rich man.
I know that Tom is a very nice guy.
I know that Tom is a very lazy boy.
I know that Tom is a very bad cook.
I know that Tom is a terrible cook.
I know that Tom is a tennis player.
I know that Tom is a social worker.
I know that Tom is a single father.
I know that Tom is a quick learner.
I know that Tom is a piano teacher.
I know that Tom is a perfectionist.
I know that Tom is a music teacher.
I know that Tom is a lot like Mary.
I know that Tom is a lot like John.
I know that Tom is a little chubby.
I know that Tom is a light sleeper.
I know that Tom is a jazz musician.
I know that Tom is a house painter.
I know that Tom is a horse trainer.
I know that Tom is a heroin addict.
I know that Tom is a heavy sleeper.
I know that Tom is a heavy drinker.
I know that Tom is a good wrestler.
I know that Tom is a good salesman.
I know that Tom is a good musician.
I know that Tom is a good listener.
I know that Tom is a forest ranger.
I know that Tom is a dance teacher.
I know that Tom is a control freak.
I know that Tom is a bit eccentric.
I know that Tom is a bit conceited.
I know that Tom is a binge drinker.
I know that Tom is a ballet dancer.
I know that Tom has done that once.
I know that Tom enjoyed doing that.
I know that Tom did that yesterday.
I know that Tom did that with Mary.
I know that Tom did that on Monday.
I know that Tom did that last week.
I know that Tom did that correctly.
I know that Tom decided to do that.
I know that Tom could've done that.
I know that Tom can really do that.
I know that I'm in big trouble now.
I know that I should've left early.
I know that I should stay and help.
I know that I should do that today.
I know that I have to keep working.
I know that I have to do that here.
I know that I did that fairly well.
I know that I could've done better.
I know that I can get this to work.
I know that I can get it published.
I know that I can fix that for you.
I know that I can do that tomorrow.
I know that I can do that if I try.
I know both Tom and Mary have died.
I know Tom wouldn't try to do that.
I know Tom wouldn't really do that.
I know Tom wouldn't likely do that.
I know Tom wouldn't have done that.
I know Tom would be a good partner.
I know Tom won't refuse to do that.
I know Tom won't forget to do that.
I know Tom won't do that with Mary.
I know Tom won't do that next week.
I know Tom won't ask me to do that.
I know Tom will be doing that soon.
I know Tom will be able to do that.
I know Tom will ask you to do that.
I know Tom wasn't ready to do that.
I know Tom wasn't going to do that.
I know Tom was at your house today.
I know Tom wanted to do that alone.
I know Tom wanted to do that again.
I know Tom used to be a tour guide.
I know Tom used to be a lumberjack.
I know Tom used to be a coal miner.
I know Tom thinks Mary is a racist.
I know Tom shouldn't be doing that.
I know Tom ought to do that inside.
I know Tom never does that anymore.
I know Tom needed to do that today.
I know Tom may not want to do that.
I know Tom knows why Mary did that.
I know Tom knows how Mary did that.
I know Tom knows he had to do that.
I know Tom knows I want to do that.
I know Tom knows I need to do that.
I know Tom knows I have to do that.
I know Tom knew who had to do that.
I know Tom knew that Mary did that.
I know Tom knew Mary had done that.
I know Tom knew I couldn't do that.
I know Tom isn't shorter than Mary.
I know Tom isn't alone in his room.
I know Tom isn't afraid to do that.
I know Tom isn't afraid of anybody.
I know Tom isn't a very strong man.
I know Tom isn't a very strong guy.
I know Tom isn't a very good skier.
I know Tom isn't a very good pilot.
I know Tom isn't a very good coach.
I know Tom isn't a very good actor.
I know Tom isn't a very clever boy.
I know Tom isn't a very classy guy.
I know Tom isn't a very bright kid.
I know Tom isn't a very bright guy.
I know Tom isn't a very bright boy.
I know Tom isn't a reckless driver.
I know Tom isn't a popular teacher.
I know Tom isn't a good songwriter.
I know Tom isn't a college student.
I know Tom isn't a careless driver.
I know Tom isn't a Vietnam veteran.
I know Tom is upstairs in his room.
I know Tom is someone we can trust.
I know Tom is reluctant to do that.
I know Tom is qualified to do that.
I know Tom is permitted to do that.
I know Tom is obligated to do that.
I know Tom is now a sound engineer.
I know Tom is motivated to do that.
I know Tom is impatient to do that.
I know Tom is doing that right now.
I know Tom is concerned about Mary.
I know Tom is almost as tall as me.
I know Tom is afraid to go outside.
I know Tom is afraid of his father.
I know Tom is afraid of Mary's dog.
I know Tom is active in his church.
I know Tom is about to fall asleep.
I know Tom is about as old as Mary.
I know Tom is a year older than me.
I know Tom is a very stingy person.
I know Tom is a very sound sleeper.
I know Tom is a very soccer player.
I know Tom is a very religious man.
I know Tom is a very light sleeper.
I know Tom is a very impatient guy.
I know Tom is a very good customer.
I know Tom is a university student.
I know Tom is a traveling salesman.
I know Tom is a student at Harvard.
I know Tom is a straight-A student.
I know Tom is a son of a policeman.
I know Tom is a shrewd businessman.
I know Tom is a responsible driver.
I know Tom is a relative of Mary's.
I know Tom is a really nice person.
I know Tom is a really hard worker.
I know Tom is a really good worker.
I know Tom is a really good singer.
I know Tom is a really good golfer.
I know Tom is a really good goalie.
I know Tom is a really good driver.
I know Tom is a really good dancer.
I know Tom is a pretty good tailor.
I know Tom is a pretty good skater.
I know Tom is a pretty good singer.
I know Tom is a pretty good hitter.
I know Tom is a pretty good golfer.
I know Tom is a pretty good driver.
I know Tom is a pretty good dancer.
I know Tom is a pretty good batter.
I know Tom is a pretty good artist.
I know Tom is a physical therapist.
I know Tom is a lot taller than me.
I know Tom is a little over thirty.
I know Tom is a little moody today.
I know Tom is a little embarrassed.
I know Tom is a homicide detective.
I know Tom is a hard man to please.
I know Tom is a good tennis player.
I know Tom is a good soccer player.
I know Tom is a good music teacher.
I know Tom is a good hockey player.
I know Tom is a good guitar player.
I know Tom is a fairly good skater.
I know Tom is a driving instructor.
I know Tom is a convicted arsonist.
I know Tom is a compulsive gambler.
I know Tom is a bit taller than me.
I know Tom is a bit older than you.
I know Tom has finished doing that.
I know Tom expects me to help Mary.
I know Tom expected you to do that.
I know Tom doesn't plan to do that.
I know Tom doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom doesn't like to do that.
I know Tom doesn't like doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know I did that.
I know Tom doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't do that anymore.
I know Tom does that every morning.
I know Tom does that every evening.
I know Tom didn't know we did that.
I know Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I know Tom didn't agree to do that.
I know Tom did that subconsciously.
I know Tom could make Mary do that.
I know Tom can swim better than me.
I know Tom can do that if he tries.
I know Tom and Mary are both happy.
I know I should do that right away.
I know I no longer need to do that.
I know I need to do that this week.
I know I might not have to do that.
I know I have to do that by myself.
I know I didn't cause this problem.
I knew that Tom wasn't really sick.
I knew that Tom wasn't really busy.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bartender.
I knew that Tom was all by himself.
I knew that Tom was afraid of Mary.
I knew that Tom was a truck driver.
I knew that Tom was a troublemaker.
I knew that Tom was a little upset.
I knew that Tom was a dairy farmer.
I knew that Tom was a brave person.
I knew that Tom was a bit confused.
I knew that Tom was a baseball fan.
I knew that I was going to be late.
I knew it would be hard to do that.
I knew it would be easy to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that for us.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to win.
I knew Tom would regret doing that.
I knew Tom would help Mary do that.
I knew Tom would forget to do that.
I knew Tom would do that yesterday.
I knew Tom would be a good teacher.
I knew Tom wasn't peeling potatoes.
I knew Tom wasn't afraid of ghosts.
I knew Tom wasn't afraid of anyone.
I knew Tom wasn't a very smart guy.
I knew Tom was unlikely to do that.
I knew Tom was supposed to do that.
I knew Tom was in his room reading.
I knew Tom was finished doing that.
I knew Tom was doing that for Mary.
I knew Tom was afraid of everybody.
I knew Tom was a very good student.
I knew Tom was a used car salesman.
I knew Tom was a really bad driver.
I knew Tom wanted to do that alone.
I knew Tom wanted to do that again.
I knew Tom shouldn't be doing that.
I knew Tom needed to do that today.
I knew Tom needed to do that again.
I knew Tom knew who had to do that.
I knew Tom expected you to do that.
I knew Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I knew I was likely to get injured.
I knew I shouldn't have eaten that.
I just need to know that you're OK.
I just like to know that I'm right.
I hope that Tom is getting better.
I hope that Tom wasn't lying to us.
I have something I should show you.
I have more free time than Tom has.
I have a friend who knows Tom's brother.
I doubt that Tom wanted to do that.
I doubt Tom wants to do that again.
I doubt Tom needs to do that again.
I doubt Tom intentionally did that.
I doubt Tom did that intentionally.
I doubt I'd be fired if I did that.
I doubt I could help you with that.
I don't think that this is the end.
I don't think Tom was lying to you.
I don't think Tom is a safe driver.
I don't think Tom is a good leader.
I don't think Tom is a good lawyer.
I don't think Tom is a billionaire.
I don't think Tom always does that.
I don't know anybody who likes Tom.
I don't know anybody who hates Tom.
I didn't think I'd need to do that.
I didn't notice Tom was doing that.
I didn't let Tom know I was coming.
I didn't know you two were related.
I didn't know that you'd come back.
I didn't know that you worked here.
I didn't know that you were so old.
I didn't know that you were sleepy.
I didn't know that you were scared.
I didn't know that you were lonely.
I didn't know that you were joking.
I didn't know that you were hiring.
I didn't know that you were coming.
I didn't know that you were asleep.
I didn't know that you were afraid.
I didn't know that you were a poet.
I didn't know that you still cared.
I didn't know that you knew French.
I didn't know that you had company.
I didn't know that you got seasick.
I didn't know that you felt so bad.
I didn't know that you could dance.
I didn't know that Tom was a vegan.
I didn't know that Tom owned a gun.
I didn't know that I'd hurt anyone.
I didn't know that I'd get injured.
I didn't know that I needed a visa.
I didn't know that I could do this.
I didn't know that I could do that.
I didn't know Tom's car was stolen.
I didn't know Tom was so religious.
I didn't know Tom knew how to swim.
I didn't know Tom had so many cats.
I didn't know Tom had only one leg.
I didn't know Tom didn't like Mary.
I didn't know I would hurt anybody.
I decided I'm not going to do that.
I can't guarantee Tom will do that.
I already know Tom doesn't like me.
How do I know that I can trust you?
How did you know that I was hungry?
How did you know that I was coming?
Everyone knows that Tom likes Mary.
Everyone at school knows your name.
Everybody knows that you're a liar.
Everybody knows that Tom can't win.
Everybody at school knows that Tom can't swim.
Doesn't Tom know you can't do that?
Does anybody know that you're here?
Does anybody else know you're here?
Does Tom know that Mary can't swim?
Does Tom know that I can't do that?
Do Tom and Mary know that I'm here?
Didn't you know that Tom had a son?
Did you think that I was too noisy?
Did you know Tom was using cocaine?
Did you know Tom agreed to do that?
Did you even know his name was Tom?
Almost no one knows we're brothers.
You may wear anything you want to.
You know that you don't mean that.
You know that you can count on me.
You know that I don't believe you.
You knew I'd be there, didn't you?
You knew I didn't want to do that.
You can wear anything you want to.
What do you recommend that we eat?
We won't force anybody to do that.
We know you lied to us about that.
We know that you're in there, Tom.
We knew that Tom wouldn't be late.
We knew Tom was likely to be late.
We both know that that's not true.
We both know that that isn't true.
We already know that you did that.
We all know that nobody's perfect.
We all know that no one's perfect.
We all know Tom doesn't like Mary.
Tom wasn't able to find his phone.
Tom was too shy to talk to anyone.
Tom was born on the day Mary died.
Tom told me to turn the radio off.
Tom told me to turn off the radio.
Tom told me he wouldn't come back.
Tom told me I should go to Boston.
Tom thought that Mary was at work.
Tom thought that I should do that.
Tom thought that I had to do that.
Tom thought Mary was going to die.
Tom says that Mary isn't his type.
Tom said that we should wait here.
Tom said that he wanted that done.
Tom said nothing about that to me.
Tom said he'd give a book to Mary.
Tom said he wanted to forget that.
Tom said he had given Mary a book.
Tom realized you ought to do that.
Tom realized we wanted to do that.
Tom realized we needed to do that.
Tom realized Mary didn't love him.
Tom put the bowl in the microwave.
Tom promised that he'd come again.
Tom never told anybody about that.
Tom may wear anything he wants to.
Tom lives at home with his mother.
Tom liked the story Mary told him.
Tom laughed so hard that he cried.
Tom knows something we don't know.
Tom knows something that we don't.
Tom knew what he'd done was wrong.
Tom knew that Mary was going to be punished.
Tom knew was going to be arrested.
Tom knew that the door was locked.
Tom knew that he was good-looking.
Tom knew that he ought to do that.
Tom knew that Mary was a Canadian.
Tom isn't usually as busy as Mary.
Tom is usually as busy as Mary is.
Tom is too shy to talk to anybody.
Tom is still unaware Mary is here.
Tom is already thirteen years old.
Tom is afraid that that'll happen.
Tom hoped that Mary could do that.
Tom hoped he could find the truth.
Tom has been seeing somebody else.
Tom gave everything he owned away.
Tom doesn't look as young as Mary.
Tom doesn't know that you're here.
Tom doesn't know Mary is Canadian.
Tom doesn't know I'm not Canadian.
Tom doesn't know I don't like him.
Tom didn't know you could do that.
Tom didn't know he had a daughter.
Tom didn't know Mary wasn't happy.
Tom didn't know Mary was homesick.
Tom didn't know Mary was Canadian.
Tom didn't know Mary had children.
Tom didn't know I was from Boston.
Tom did the best that he could do.
Tom demanded we leave immediately.
Tom claims that he's seen a ghost.
Tom can wear anything he wants to.
Tom can type faster than Mary can.
Tom can swim faster than Mary can.
Tom can jump higher than Mary can.
Tom can do things that Mary can't.
Tom called and said he was coming.
Tom ate the cupcake Mary gave him.
Tom assumed that Mary was at work.
Tom assumed he was being followed.
Tom and Mary know I won't do that.
This pair of umbrella cost me $30.
They wouldn't allow me to do that.
That'll be difficult for me to do.
Nobody knows that we're cousins.
Nobody knows Tom hasn't done that.
Nobody knew Tom wasn't happy here.
Nobody knew Tom wasn't a Canadian.
No one knows that we're my cousin.
No one knows Tom hasn't done that.
No one knew Tom wasn't happy here.
No one knew Tom wasn't a Canadian.
Mary knew that she was attractive.
It's unlikely it'll snow tomorrow.
It's unlikely it'll rain tomorrow.
It was clear Tom liked doing that.
I've never told anybody about Tom.
I've never thrown rocks at anyone.
I'm sure Tom will know the answer.
I'm sure Tom should do that again.
I'm pretty sure Tom will be there.
I'm pretty sure Tom can help Mary.
I'm not convinced Tom can do that.
I'm convinced I shouldn't do that.
I'm convinced I should to do that.
I'm afraid that's going to happen.
I'm afraid that that might happen.
I wish Tom could actually do that.
I wasn't throwing rocks at anyone.
I thought you lived by yourselves.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy that.
I think that Tom was lying to you.
I think that Tom is a strange guy.
I think that Tom is a good lawyer.
I think that Tom can help you now.
I think it's too early to go home.
I think Tom used to be a mechanic.
I think Tom should do that inside.
I think Tom made a right decision.
I think Tom is on the front porch.
I think Tom is afraid of the dark.
I think Tom is a very strange guy.
I think Tom is a really good cook.
I soon realized Tom wasn't joking.
I realized that Tom wasn't joking.
I realize Tom will try to do that.
I realize Tom has been doing that.
I noticed that Tom was doing that.
I noticed Tom was talking to Mary.
I need to know Tom is still alive.
I need to know Tom can be trusted.
I know you won't enjoy doing that.
I know you expected us to do that.
I know you expected me to do that.
I know you don't really mean that.
I know we're a long way from home.
I know that you've been in Boston.
I know that you're writing a book.
I know that you're trying to help.
I know that you're still in there.
I know that you're richer than me.
I know that you're not doing that.
I know that you're a good teacher.
I know that you'd never lie to me.
I know that you'd hate to do that.
I know that you'd hate doing that.
I know that you were close to Tom.
I know that you want to come home.
I know that you understand French.
I know that you shouldn't do that.
I know that you shouldn't be here.
I know that you probably did that.
I know that you needed to do that.
I know that you must be terrified.
I know that you miss your friends.
I know that you have a girlfriend.
I know that you don't remember me.
I know that you don't like sports.
I know that you don't know either.
I know that you did that with Tom.
I know that you did it on purpose.
I know that you aren't doing that.
I know that Tom will do that, too.
I know that Tom will do that soon.
I know that Tom wasn't very lucky.
I know that Tom was a scrawny kid.
I know that Tom was a little late.
I know that Tom usually does that.
I know that Tom saw us doing that.
I know that Tom saw me doing that.
I know that Tom said he'd do that.
I know that Tom probably did that.
I know that Tom needed to do that.
I know that Tom must've done that.
I know that Tom might not do that.
I know that Tom likes a challenge.
I know that Tom isn't a good boss.
I know that Tom isn't a cat lover.
I know that Tom isn't a bartender.
I know that Tom is the supervisor.
I know that Tom is still homesick.
I know that Tom is all by himself.
I know that Tom is afraid of Mary.
I know that Tom is about your age.
I know that Tom is about to leave.
I know that Tom is a veterinarian.
I know that Tom is a very shy boy.
I know that Tom is a very old man.
I know that Tom is a truck driver.
I know that Tom is a troublemaker.
I know that Tom is a teacher, too.
I know that Tom is a teacher here.
I know that Tom is a student, too.
I know that Tom is a stubborn man.
I know that Tom is a stubborn guy.
I know that Tom is a stand-up guy.
I know that Tom is a spoiled brat.
I know that Tom is a smart person.
I know that Tom is a slow learner.
I know that Tom is a psychologist.
I know that Tom is a psychiatrist.
I know that Tom is a prison guard.
I know that Tom is a powerful man.
I know that Tom is a party animal.
I know that Tom is a messy person.
I know that Tom is a lousy dancer.
I know that Tom is a little weird.
I know that Tom is a little upset.
I know that Tom is a little tired.
I know that Tom is a little early.
I know that Tom is a little crazy.
I know that Tom is a jazz pianist.
I know that Tom is a heavy smoker.
I know that Tom is a handsome man.
I know that Tom is a handsome guy.
I know that Tom is a good swimmer.
I know that Tom is a good student.
I know that Tom is a good pitcher.
I know that Tom is a good painter.
I know that Tom is a good manager.
I know that Tom is a good drummer.
I know that Tom is a good athlete.
I know that Tom is a gifted actor.
I know that Tom is a fussy person.
I know that Tom is a fast swimmer.
I know that Tom is a fast learner.
I know that Tom is a conservative.
I know that Tom is a brave person.
I know that Tom is a blabbermouth.
I know that Tom is a bit snobbish.
I know that Tom is a bit paranoid.
I know that Tom is a bit confused.
I know that Tom is a bird watcher.
I know that Tom is a baseball fan.
I know that Tom forgot to do that.
I know that Tom enjoys doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't like that.
I know that Tom doesn't like cats.
I know that Tom can still do that.
I know that Tom can do that today.
I know that Tom can do that again.
I know that I've been very stupid.
I know that I've been hard on you.
I know that I'm not a likable guy.
I know that I'm going to be fired.
I know that I'll never forget you.
I know that I'll be here tomorrow.
I know that I'll be able to do it.
I know that I should've done that.
I know that I have a lot to learn.
I know that I have a lot of power.
I know that I don't have a choice.
I know that I did the wrong thing.
I know that I did the right thing.
I know that I did something wrong.
I know that I can make it on time.
I know somebody needed to do that.
I know now that Tom wasn't joking.
I know Tom wouldn't do that again.
I know Tom would let Mary do that.
I know Tom would enjoy doing that.
I know Tom would do that for Mary.
I know Tom won't do that tomorrow.
I know Tom will refuse to do that.
I know Tom will no longer do that.
I know Tom will forget to do that.
I know Tom will do that with Mary.
I know Tom will do that next week.
I know Tom will ask me to do that.
I know Tom wasn't able to do that.
I know Tom was a little surprised.
I know Tom wants to do that alone.
I know Tom wants to do that again.
I know Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I know Tom used to be a policeman.
I know Tom used to be a lifeguard.
I know Tom still wants to do that.
I know Tom still needs to do that.
I know Tom should do that outside.
I know Tom should do that himself.
I know Tom said that he'd do that.
I know Tom ought to do that again.
I know Tom needs to do that today.
I know Tom needs to do that again.
I know Tom might agree to do that.
I know Tom might actually do that.
I know Tom may be able to do that.
I know Tom learned how to do that.
I know Tom knows why you did that.
I know Tom knows how you did that.
I know Tom knows Mary can do that.
I know Tom knows I should do that.
I know Tom knows I had to do that.
I know Tom knew he should do that.
I know Tom isn't taller than Mary.
I know Tom isn't ready to do that.
I know Tom isn't peeling potatoes.
I know Tom isn't much of a skater.
I know Tom isn't much of a singer.
I know Tom isn't eager to do that.
I know Tom isn't allergic to nuts.
I know Tom isn't afraid of snakes.
I know Tom isn't afraid of ghosts.
I know Tom isn't afraid of anyone.
I know Tom isn't a very smart kid.
I know Tom isn't a very smart guy.
I know Tom isn't a very lucky guy.
I know Tom isn't a very good cook.
I know Tom isn't a very good boss.
I know Tom isn't a trumpet player.
I know Tom isn't a teacher either.
I know Tom isn't a morning person.
I know Tom isn't a good guitarist.
I know Tom isn't a dental student.
I know Tom isn't a coffee drinker.
I know Tom is unlikely to do that.
I know Tom is too weak to do that.
I know Tom is too lazy to do that.
I know Tom is tired of doing that.
I know Tom is taller than Mary is.
I know Tom is still in his office.
I know Tom is slightly overweight.
I know Tom is prepared to do that.
I know Tom is planning to do that.
I know Tom is finished doing that.
I know Tom is almost always early.
I know Tom is afraid of everybody.
I know Tom is a very talented man.
I know Tom is a very talented kid.
I know Tom is a very quiet person.
I know Tom is a very good teacher.
I know Tom is a very good student.
I know Tom is a very good drummer.
I know Tom is a very good acrobat.
I know Tom is a very generous man.
I know Tom is a very fast swimmer.
I know Tom is a very creative guy.
I know Tom is a very athletic guy.
I know Tom is a used car salesman.
I know Tom is a senior at Harvard.
I know Tom is a retired policeman.
I know Tom is a religious fanatic.
I know Tom is a relative of yours.
I know Tom is a reasonable person.
I know Tom is a really good coach.
I know Tom is a really bad singer.
I know Tom is a really bad driver.
I know Tom is a private detective.
I know Tom is a pretty good skier.
I know Tom is a pretty bright boy.
I know Tom is a pretty bad singer.
I know Tom is a pathological liar.
I know Tom is a methodical person.
I know Tom is a lot older than me.
I know Tom is a lot different now.
I know Tom is a little overweight.
I know Tom is a huge baseball fan.
I know Tom is a hopeless romantic.
I know Tom is a good photographer.
I know Tom is a good banjo player.
I know Tom is a fairly good skier.
I know Tom is a dependable person.
I know Tom is a dedicated teacher.
I know Tom is a conscientious guy.
I know Tom is a college professor.
I know Tom is a bit older than me.
I know Tom is a bit old fashioned.
I know Tom is a basketball player.
I know Tom intentionally did that.
I know Tom hasn't been doing that.
I know Tom has started to do that.
I know Tom has decided to do that.
I know Tom got injured doing that.
I know Tom expects me to help him.
I know Tom expected us to do that.
I know Tom expected me to do that.
I know Tom doesn't always do that.
I know Tom does that every Monday.
I know Tom does that all the time.
I know Tom didn't mean to do that.
I know Tom didn't like to do that.
I know Tom didn't like doing that.
I know Tom didn't know I did that.
I know Tom did that intentionally.
I know Tom and Mary are both busy.
I know Tom almost never does that.
I know I'd be fired if I did that.
I know I have to do that with Tom.
I know I didn't do that very well.
I know I didn't do that last week.
I knew that Tom wasn't against it.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bachelor.
I knew that Tom was almost asleep.
I knew that Tom was a crooked cop.
I knew that Tom was a busy person.
I knew that Tom was a bit strange.
I knew that Tom was a billionaire.
I knew that Tom said he'd do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that again.
I knew Tom would let Mary do that.
I knew Tom would do that for Mary.
I knew Tom wasn't laughing at you.
I knew Tom wasn't a very nice guy.
I knew Tom wasn't a very nice boy.
I knew Tom was through doing that.
I knew Tom was tempted to do that.
I knew Tom was good at doing that.
I knew Tom was already doing that.
I knew Tom was allowed to do that.
I knew Tom was afraid of everyone.
I knew Tom was a very patient man.
I knew Tom was a very fussy eater.
I knew Tom was a really smart guy.
I knew Tom wanted to do that here.
I knew Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I knew Tom should do that outside.
I knew Tom should do that himself.
I knew Tom said that he'd do that.
I knew Tom ought to do that again.
I knew Tom might actually do that.
I knew Tom got injured doing that.
I knew Tom expected us to do that.
I knew Tom expected me to do that.
I knew Tom didn't plan to do that.
I knew Tom didn't like to do that.
I knew Tom didn't like doing that.
I knew Tom did that intentionally.
I knew Tom could probably do that.
I knew I was going to be punished.
I knew I was going to be arrested.
I hoping I can live here with you.
I hope we made the right decision.
I hope that you're getting better.
I hope that I don't botch the job.
I doubt that Tom wants to do that.
I doubt that Tom needs to do that.
I doubt Tom will do that for Mary.
I don't think Tom was lying to us.
I don't think Tom was lying to me.
I don't know anyone who hates Tom.
I don't have as much money as Tom.
I don't have as many books as Tom.
I didn't see anybody I recognized.
I didn't know you were Tom's wife.
I didn't know that you'd be early.
I didn't know that you'd be alone.
I didn't know that you were there.
I didn't know that you were drunk.
I didn't know that you were awake.
I didn't know that you needed one.
I didn't know that you liked dogs.
I didn't know that you could cook.
I didn't know that I had a choice.
I didn't know Tom wasn't Canadian.
I didn't know Tom was your friend.
I didn't know Tom was lying to me.
I didn't know Tom was a geologist.
I didn't know Tom was a film buff.
I didn't know Tom was a beekeeper.
I didn't know Tom talked about me.
I didn't know I would hurt anyone.
I assumed that Tom was a Canadian.
How do you know that I don't know?
How did you know that I'd do that?
How did you know that I'd be here?
How did you know that I was lying?
How did you know that I said that?
How did you know that I had a dog?
How did Tom know Mary knew French?
How did Tom find out we'd be here?
Hi, my name is Tom. What is yours?
Hardly anyone knows that I'm here.
Everyone knows that you're a liar.
Everyone knows that we killed Tom.
Everyone knows that Tom can't win.
Everyone at school knows that Tom can't swim.
Everybody was having a great time.
Everybody knows we went to Boston.
Everybody knows we didn't do that.
Everybody knows that Tom is lying.
Everybody here knows Tom did that.
Don't you know that I'm your boss?
Don't you know that I respect you?
Don't tell anybody about our plan.
Don't forget Tom has a bad temper.
Does anyone know that you're here?
Does Tom know that you can't swim?
Do you think this can be repaired?
Do you think people still do that?
Didn't you know Tom was a dentist?
Didn't Tom know he had to do that?
Did you know Tom only had one leg?
Did you know Tom is in Boston now?
Did you know Tom is afraid of you?
Did you know Tom had only one leg?
Did you know Tom didn't like Mary?
Did you know Tom bought a new car?
Did Tom know that you were hungry?
Almost no one knows we're sisters.
You may sit wherever you want to.
You know that you can talk to me.
You know that Tom likes baseball.
You know that I'd never hurt you.
You know that I wouldn't do that.
You know that I won't lie to you.
You know that I don't like lying.
You know that I don't have a car.
You know that I didn't mean that.
You know that I couldn't do that.
You know Tom did that, don't you?
You can sit wherever you want to.
When do you think that'll happen?
What makes you think I'd do that?
What do you recommend that we do?
We won't force anyone to do that.
We know that you're a vegetarian.
We know that you're Tom's friend.
We know that you didn't kill Tom.
We knew Tom would likely be late.
We don't know Tom didn't do that.
We all know that you don't drink.
Tom, I know that you're in there.
Tom was glad that Mary was there.
Tom told Mary she should go home.
Tom thought John was his brother.
Tom thinks that this will be fun.
Tom soon realized he was trapped.
Tom sometimes sleeps on my couch.
Tom says his house needs painted.
Tom said that you were beautiful.
Tom said that we could wait here.
Tom said that he prayed for Mary.
Tom said that he didn't hit Mary.
Tom said Mary was very beautiful.
Tom realized we ought to do that.
Tom realized that he was trapped.
Tom realized he was going to die.
Tom realized he ought to do that.
Tom realized I wanted to do that.
Tom realized I needed to do that.
Tom never told anyone about that.
Tom never lets me do what I want.
Tom likes everybody in his class.
Tom knows that he's good-looking.
Tom knows something that I don't.
Tom knows something I don't know.
Tom knew that Mary was at school.
Tom knew Mary was having a party.
Tom just smiled and said nothing.
Tom is too shy to talk to anyone.
Tom is much smarter than Mary is.
Tom is much friendlier than Mary.
Tom hopes Mary is getting better.
Tom has no time to do that today.
Tom has been seeing someone else.
Tom has been here longer than me.
Tom had no idea Mary was unhappy.
Tom gave away all his belongings.
Tom gave an apple to his teacher.
Tom gave all his belongings away.
Tom doesn't work as hard as Mary.
Tom doesn't look as busy as Mary.
Tom doesn't know that I like him.
Tom doesn't know Mary is unhappy.
Tom doesn't know Mary is married.
Tom doesn't know I won't do that.
Tom doesn't know I can't do that.
Tom does everything he's told to.
Tom didn't want to make Mary mad.
Tom didn't know Mary was in town.
Tom didn't know Mary was in pain.
Tom didn't know Mary was engaged.
Tom didn't know I had to do that.
Tom couldn't take off his gloves.
Tom can come with us if he wants.
Tom bought all this stuff for me.
Tom bought a teddy bear for Mary.
Tom bought a dictionary for Mary.
Tom bought a blue scarf for Mary.
Tom believed Mary was telepathic.
Tom ate a lot more than Mary did.
Tom asked somebody else to do it.
Tom and Mary both are architects.
Tom and I know that you did that.
Tom and I both know you did that.
Tom admitted that he'd done that.
Tom admitted that he killed Mary.
They must know that I'm innocent.
That was the last day we saw Tom.
Nobody understands you like I do.
Mary knows that she's attractive.
Mary isn't as pretty as Alice is.
Make sure Tom does it by himself.
It's a pity you can't go with us.
I'm pretty sure everything is OK.
I'm pretty sure Tom will help me.
I'm not used to anybody liking me.
I'm not used to anyone liking me.
I'm not sure that that'll happen.
I'm convinced I ought to do that.
I'd never throw rocks at anybody.
I won't force anybody to do that.
I wish that Tom wouldn't do that.
I was convinced I should do that.
I was convinced I had to do that.
I want you to know Tom was right.
I used to pretend that I was you.
I thought that you would show up.
I thought that you would do that.
I think you know that I like you.
I think that we should leave now.
I think that Tom is afraid of us.
I think that Tom is a workaholic.
I think that Tom is a little shy.
I think that I made a wrong turn.
I think Tom's plan is a good one.
I think Tom won't try to do that.
I think Tom was a little shocked.
I think Tom made a good decision.
I think Tom is alone in his room.
I think Tom is almost thirty now.
I think Tom is afraid of spiders.
I think Tom is a creative person.
I think Tom died on October 20th.
I realize that Tom wasn't joking.
I met a woman who used to go to school with Tom.
I know you don't want to do that.
I know you don't need to do that.
I know you aren't yourself today.
I know that you're not like that.
I know that you're looking at me.
I know that you're angry with me.
I know that you'll never do that.
I know that you'll make me proud.
I know that you'll do a good job.
I know that you'll be happy here.
I know that you'll all love that.
I know that you'll agree with me.
I know that you were proud of me.
I know that you want to help Tom.
I know that you want to be happy.
I know that you think I'm stupid.
I know that you recently retired.
I know that you ought to do that.
I know that you miss your family.
I know that you have it with you.
I know that you have a boyfriend.
I know that you feel responsible.
I know that you don't believe me.
I know that you did all the work.
I know that you can't forgive me.
I know that Tom would enjoy that.
I know that Tom was lying to you.
I know that Tom used to be a cop.
I know that Tom seldom does that.
I know that Tom rarely does that.
I know that Tom plans to do that.
I know that Tom ought to do that.
I know that Tom meant to do that.
I know that Tom likes to do that.
I know that Tom likes doing that.
I know that Tom liked to do that.
I know that Tom liked doing that.
I know that Tom isn't yet thirty.
I know that Tom isn't in bed yet.
I know that Tom isn't against it.
I know that Tom isn't a wise man.
I know that Tom isn't a nice guy.
I know that Tom isn't a mechanic.
I know that Tom isn't a busy man.
I know that Tom isn't a beginner.
I know that Tom isn't a bad cook.
I know that Tom isn't a bachelor.
I know that Tom isn't a Canadian.
I know that Tom is in the garden.
I know that Tom is almost thirty.
I know that Tom is almost asleep.
I know that Tom is all right now.
I know that Tom is absent-minded.
I know that Tom is a teacher now.
I know that Tom is a taxi driver.
I know that Tom is a strange man.
I know that Tom is a strange kid.
I know that Tom is a strange guy.
I know that Tom is a special kid.
I know that Tom is a sociologist.
I know that Tom is a selfish man.
I know that Tom is a safe driver.
I know that Tom is a popular guy.
I know that Tom is a picky eater.
I know that Tom is a park ranger.
I know that Tom is a nice person.
I know that Tom is a new student.
I know that Tom is a millionaire.
I know that Tom is a married man.
I know that Tom is a lot like us.
I know that Tom is a lot like me.
I know that Tom is a little nuts.
I know that Tom is a little late.
I know that Tom is a light eater.
I know that Tom is a lazy person.
I know that Tom is a law student.
I know that Tom is a jealous man.
I know that Tom is a helpful guy.
I know that Tom is a hard worker.
I know that Tom is a gym teacher.
I know that Tom is a good writer.
I know that Tom is a good worker.
I know that Tom is a good skater.
I know that Tom is a good singer.
I know that Tom is a good person.
I know that Tom is a good father.
I know that Tom is a good driver.
I know that Tom is a good dancer.
I know that Tom is a fussy eater.
I know that Tom is a fast driver.
I know that Tom is a busy person.
I know that Tom is a businessman.
I know that Tom is a bit strange.
I know that Tom is a billionaire.
I know that Tom is a bad student.
I know that Tom hasn't done that.
I know that Tom did that tonight.
I know that Tom couldn't do that.
I know that Tom appreciated that.
I know that Tom always does that.
I know that I've been very lucky.
I know that I'm not welcome here.
I know that I'm not going to win.
I know that I'm going to be sick.
I know that I'm better than this.
I know that I'll never forget it.
I know that I should be studying.
I know that I saw something move.
I know that I probably won't win.
I know that I need to be patient.
I know that I have to be patient.
I know someone needed to do that.
I know somebody ought to do that.
I know somebody needs to do that.
I know Tom would do that for you.
I know Tom won't need to do that.
I know Tom won't make me do that.
I know Tom won't have to do that.
I know Tom won't do that, either.
I know Tom won't do that anymore.
I know Tom will enjoy doing that.
I know Tom will do that with you.
I know Tom will do that tomorrow.
I know Tom will do that for Mary.
I know Tom will agree to do that.
I know Tom was a skinny teenager.
I know Tom wants to do that here.
I know Tom used to be a preacher.
I know Tom should do that inside.
I know Tom never used to do that.
I know Tom might want to do that.
I know Tom might need to do that.
I know Tom might have to do that.
I know Tom likes classical music.
I know Tom knows why you do that.
I know Tom knows when I did that.
I know Tom knows how we did that.
I know Tom knew I should do that.
I know Tom knew I had to do that.
I know Tom knew I didn't do that.
I know Tom isn't older than Mary.
I know Tom isn't as tall as Mary.
I know Tom isn't about done here.
I know Tom isn't able to do that.
I know Tom isn't a very nice man.
I know Tom isn't a very nice kid.
I know Tom isn't a very nice guy.
I know Tom isn't a very nice boy.
I know Tom isn't a professor yet.
I know Tom isn't a perfectionist.
I know Tom isn't a music teacher.
I know Tom isn't a good musician.
I know Tom is usually reasonable.
I know Tom is tempted to do that.
I know Tom is good at doing that.
I know Tom is anxious to do that.
I know Tom is already a teenager.
I know Tom is almost ready to go.
I know Tom is almost always late.
I know Tom is almost always busy.
I know Tom is allowed to do that.
I know Tom is afraid of the dark.
I know Tom is afraid of everyone.
I know Tom is a very wealthy man.
I know Tom is a very wealthy guy.
I know Tom is a very rude person.
I know Tom is a very patient man.
I know Tom is a very mean person.
I know Tom is a very likable guy.
I know Tom is a very lazy person.
I know Tom is a very jealous man.
I know Tom is a very hard worker.
I know Tom is a very good worker.
I know Tom is a very good skater.
I know Tom is a very good singer.
I know Tom is a very good lawyer.
I know Tom is a very good driver.
I know Tom is a very good dancer.
I know Tom is a very good bowler.
I know Tom is a very good batter.
I know Tom is a very good artist.
I know Tom is a very fussy eater.
I know Tom is a terrible manager.
I know Tom is a talkative person.
I know Tom is a regular customer.
I know Tom is a really smart guy.
I know Tom is a really good cook.
I know Tom is a pretty tough kid.
I know Tom is a pretty smart guy.
I know Tom is a pretty good cook.
I know Tom is a pain in the neck.
I know Tom is a new student here.
I know Tom is a native of Boston.
I know Tom is a multimillionaire.
I know Tom is a mountain climber.
I know Tom is a member of a gang.
I know Tom is a little skeptical.
I know Tom is a little emotional.
I know Tom is a helicopter pilot.
I know Tom is a graphic designer.
I know Tom is a graduate student.
I know Tom is a good businessman.
I know Tom is a good bass player.
I know Tom is a friend of Mary's.
I know Tom is a former CIA agent.
I know Tom is a financial wizard.
I know Tom is a college graduate.
I know Tom is a big baseball fan.
I know Tom is a Harvard graduate.
I know Tom is a Canadian citizen.
I know Tom has done that already.
I know Tom has already done that.
I know Tom hardly ever does that.
I know Tom doesn't often do that.
I know Tom does that quite often.
I know Tom can play the trombone.
I know Tom can help Mary do that.
I know Tom and Mary are divorced.
I know I should do that with Tom.
I know I didn't do that with Tom.
I knew what Tom said wasn't true.
I knew that Tom wasn't very busy.
I knew that Tom was afraid of me.
I knew that Tom was about to cry.
I knew that Tom was a decent guy.
I knew that Tom was a con artist.
I knew that Tom was a bright kid.
I knew that Tom was a bad driver.
I knew that Tom was 100% correct.
I knew that Tom liked to do that.
I knew that Tom liked doing that.
I knew that Tom hadn't done that.
I knew Tom would help me do that.
I knew Tom would come by himself.
I knew Tom wasn't in the kitchen.
I knew Tom wasn't a brave person.
I knew Tom wasn't a baseball fan.
I knew Tom was trying to do that.
I knew Tom was likely to do that.
I knew Tom was afraid to go home.
I knew Tom was afraid to do that.
I knew Tom was afraid of heights.
I knew Tom was a very bad driver.
I knew Tom was a Vietnam veteran.
I knew Tom had already done that.
I knew Tom did that all the time.
I knew I shouldn't be doing that.
I hope that I don't let you down.
I doubt we'll be able prove that.
I doubt Tom has to do that again.
I doubt Tom can actually do that.
I don't think that Tom is a slob.
I don't think that Tom hurt Mary.
I didn't think you would show up.
I didn't know you didn't do that.
I didn't know that you'd tell me.
I didn't know that you'd show up.
I didn't know that you'd do that.
I didn't know that you'd be late.
I didn't know that you'd be here.
I didn't know that you were rich.
I didn't know that you were hurt.
I didn't know that you were home.
I didn't know that you were busy.
I didn't know that you were back.
I didn't know that you liked Tom.
I didn't know that you had a cat.
I didn't know that you had a car.
I didn't know that Tom was a vet.
I didn't know that Tom had a dog.
I didn't know that I'd get fired.
I didn't know that I'd be scared.
I didn't know that I'd be lonely.
I didn't know that I was invited.
I didn't know that I was adopted.
I didn't know Tom would say that.
I didn't know Tom wasn't at home.
I didn't know Tom was doing that.
I didn't know Tom swam yesterday.
I didn't know Tom had three cats.
I didn't know Tom does that, too.
I didn't know Tom didn't like me.
I didn't know I had hurt anybody.
I didn't eat as much meat as you.
I could tell that Tom was hungry.
I can't guarantee that'll happen.
I believe that I can handle that.
I already know that you're crazy.
I already know that you did that.
I already knew Tom could do that.
How did you know that I was here?
How did Tom know that I was here?
Here's a pillow that you can use.
Everyone knows we went to Boston.
Everyone knows we didn't do that.
Everyone knows that you're lying.
Everyone knows that Tom is lying.
Everyone here knows Tom did that.
Everybody knows that we hate Tom.
Everybody knew Tom was in Boston.
Does Tom know that you're coming?
Does Tom know that you work here?
Does Tom know Mary is his mother?
Didn't you know that I'd do that?
Did you know Tom would be absent?
Did you know Tom was lying to me?
Both Tom and Mary are architects.
Both Tom and Mary are adults now.
Both Tom and I know you did that.
You never let me do what I want.
You know that Tom wants to help.
You know that Tom likes oranges.
You know that Tom can't do that.
You know that I'm very stubborn.
You know I'm married, don't you?
You know I can't sing very well.
Why's your name not on the list?
Why isn't your name on the list?
What's there to see around here?
We know that you're vegetarians.
We know that you're still there.
We know that you're busy people.
We know that you lied about Tom.
We know Tom sometimes hits Mary.
We know Tom sometimes does that.
We already know that you did it.
Tom won't leave his kids behind.
Tom wished he had straight hair.
Tom was the only one doing that.
Tom took his children to school.
Tom told Mary he had a headache.
Tom thought the door was locked.
Tom thought he ought to do that.
Tom thought I shouldn't do that.
Tom thought I needed to do that.
Tom sometimes sleeps on my sofa.
Tom says that he's seen a ghost.
Tom says he'll always love Mary.
Tom says he knows the area well.
Tom said that he was in trouble.
Tom said he'd given Mary a book.
Tom said he'd come to the party.
Tom said he thought I was flaky.
Tom realized you should do that.
Tom realized you had to do that.
Tom realized Mary wasn't joking.
Tom realized I ought to do that.
Tom put everything into the box.
Tom promised he'd do that again.
Tom pretended he was interested.
Tom made a toy for his grandson.
Tom knows you did something bad.
Tom knows he's going to be late.
Tom knew that Mary was Canadian.
Tom knew Mary wasn't very happy.
Tom isn't as patient as Mary is.
Tom is dating somebody else now.
Tom is better-looking than I am.
Tom is always emailing me jokes.
Tom is afraid that might happen.
Tom hoped he'd be offered a job.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom gave me this before he died.
Tom doesn't look as old as Mary.
Tom doesn't know you have a dog.
Tom doesn't know that I'm alive.
Tom doesn't know Mary is hungry.
Tom doesn't know Mary hates him.
Tom didn't work as hard as Mary.
Tom didn't know I could do that.
Tom didn't eat as much as I did.
Tom couldn't take off his socks.
Tom caught more fish than I did.
Tom can't yet tie his own shoes.
Tom can't draw as well as I can.
Tom built the house he lives in.
Tom bought one for himself, too.
Tom believed that Mary was safe.
Tom assumed Mary would be there.
Tom assumed Mary was a Canadian.
Tom asked someone else to do it.
Tom arrived here before sunrise.
Tom and Mary know John is smart.
Tom and Mary are both Catholics.
Tom already knows Mary did that.
Tom admitted that he lied to me.
There's a possibility it's real.
There's a chance that it's real.
The beer we drank was very good.
That won't be hard for me to do.
Some people think that I'm nuts.
Mary tried on her wedding dress.
Mary tried her wedding dress on.
I'm sure Tom knows that already.
I'll let Tom know we can't come.
I'll ask Tom to buy that for us.
I'd never throw rocks at anyone.
I won't force anyone to do that.
I wish that I had putted better.
I wish I could actually do that.
I want to know that you're safe.
I think that Tom is almost deaf.
I think that Tom is a Christian.
I think Tom will try to do that.
I think Tom is out on the porch.
I think Tom is allergic to cats.
I think Tom is afraid of snakes.
I think Tom is afraid of my dog.
I think Tom is about to go home.
I think Tom is a dental student.
I think Tom has been doing that.
I really believe that'll happen.
I need to know Tom will be safe.
I met someone that knows we did that.
I know you're afraid to do that.
I know you'll like it in Boston.
I know you did that by yourself.
I know you cared deeply for Tom.
I know we can make a difference.
I know that you've got a secret.
I know that you've been unhappy.
I know that you're not like Tom.
I know that you're not an idiot.
I know that you're not a doctor.
I know that you're going to win.
I know that you're a good coach.
I know that you'll need my help.
I know that you'll enjoy Boston.
I know that you'd never do that.
I know that you worry about Tom.
I know that you want to see Tom.
I know that you want to go home.
I know that you want to be rich.
I know that you tried your best.
I know that you think I'm crazy.
I know that you really like Tom.
I know that you don't mean that.
I know that you didn't hurt Tom.
I know that you aren't like Tom.
I know that you aren't an idiot.
I know that you aren't a doctor.
I know that you appreciate that.
I know that they're still alive.
I know that they're a good team.
I know that Tom was lying to us.
I know that Tom was lying to me.
I know that Tom used to do that.
I know that Tom used to be a DJ.
I know that Tom still does that.
I know that Tom really did that.
I know that Tom often does that.
I know that Tom never does that.
I know that Tom knew I did that.
I know that Tom isn't very busy.
I know that Tom isn't ready yet.
I know that Tom is just a child.
I know that Tom is almost ready.
I know that Tom is afraid of us.
I know that Tom is afraid of me.
I know that Tom is about to cry.
I know that Tom is about my age.
I know that Tom is a workaholic.
I know that Tom is a vegetarian.
I know that Tom is a stupid boy.
I know that Tom is a strong man.
I know that Tom is a strong guy.
I know that Tom is a specialist.
I know that Tom is a songwriter.
I know that Tom is a slow eater.
I know that Tom is a pharmacist.
I know that Tom is a movie buff.
I know that Tom is a little shy.
I know that Tom is a little odd.
I know that Tom is a journalist.
I know that Tom is a hockey fan.
I know that Tom is a health nut.
I know that Tom is a greedy man.
I know that Tom is a good skier.
I know that Tom is a good pilot.
I know that Tom is a good diver.
I know that Tom is a good coach.
I know that Tom is a good actor.
I know that Tom is a father now.
I know that Tom is a fast eater.
I know that Tom is a doctor now.
I know that Tom is a daydreamer.
I know that Tom is a con artist.
I know that Tom is a coal miner.
I know that Tom is a clever kid.
I know that Tom is a bus driver.
I know that Tom is a bright kid.
I know that Tom is a bright guy.
I know that Tom is a bright boy.
I know that Tom is a bit stingy.
I know that Tom is a bit chubby.
I know that Tom doesn't do that.
I know that Tom does that a lot.
I know that Tom died doing that.
I know that Tom did that for us.
I know that I'm partly to blame.
I know that I'm not good enough.
I know that I'd hate to do that.
I know that I can't be replaced.
I know that I can be successful.
I know someone ought to do that.
I know someone needs to do that.
I know Tom would let me do that.
I know Tom would do that for us.
I know Tom would do that for me.
I know Tom won't wait very long.
I know Tom won't try to do that.
I know Tom won't do that either.
I know Tom will stop doing that.
I know Tom will quit doing that.
I know Tom will like doing that.
I know Tom will let you do that.
I know Tom will help us do that.
I know Tom will hate doing that.
I know Tom will do that for you.
I know Tom will do that as well.
I know Tom will be able do that.
I know Tom was going to do that.
I know Tom was a little shocked.
I know Tom was a little nervous.
I know Tom wants you to do that.
I know Tom wanted us to do that.
I know Tom wanted me to do that.
I know Tom used to be a soldier.
I know Tom used to be a dentist.
I know Tom told Mary to do that.
I know Tom still has to do that.
I know Tom shouldn't go outside.
I know Tom should do that again.
I know Tom should be doing that.
I know Tom may agree to do that.
I know Tom knows why I did that.
I know Tom knows how to do that.
I know Tom knows how I did that.
I know Tom knew that I did that.
I know Tom knew I had done that.
I know Tom isn't taller than me.
I know Tom isn't much taller than I am.
I know Tom isn't in the kitchen.
I know Tom isn't having any fun.
I know Tom isn't afraid of Mary.
I know Tom isn't a teenager yet.
I know Tom isn't a messy person.
I know Tom isn't a good student.
I know Tom isn't a good painter.
I know Tom isn't a brave person.
I know Tom isn't a baseball fan.
I know Tom isn't a baby anymore.
I know Tom isn't Mary's husband.
I know Tom is determined to win.
I know Tom is almost never late.
I know Tom is ahead of schedule.
I know Tom is afraid to go home.
I know Tom is afraid to do that.
I know Tom is afraid of spiders.
I know Tom is afraid of heights.
I know Tom is afraid of doctors.
I know Tom is a very strong man.
I know Tom is a very strong guy.
I know Tom is a very odd person.
I know Tom is a very modest man.
I know Tom is a very good skier.
I know Tom is a very good coach.
I know Tom is a very good actor.
I know Tom is a very clumsy guy.
I know Tom is a very clever boy.
I know Tom is a very classy guy.
I know Tom is a very bad singer.
I know Tom is a very bad driver.
I know Tom is a valuable client.
I know Tom is a terrible singer.
I know Tom is a terrible father.
I know Tom is a terrible driver.
I know Tom is a terrible dancer.
I know Tom is a stubborn person.
I know Tom is a songwriter, too.
I know Tom is a science teacher.
I know Tom is a retired teacher.
I know Tom is a resourceful guy.
I know Tom is a reckless driver.
I know Tom is a really nice man.
I know Tom is a really nice kid.
I know Tom is a really nice guy.
I know Tom is a really bad liar.
I know Tom is a really bad cook.
I know Tom is a pretty cool guy.
I know Tom is a popular teacher.
I know Tom is a plastic surgeon.
I know Tom is a lot smarter now.
I know Tom is a little paranoid.
I know Tom is a little homesick.
I know Tom is a little confused.
I know Tom is a horrible driver.
I know Tom is a history teacher.
I know Tom is a good songwriter.
I know Tom is a good bricklayer.
I know Tom is a friend of yours.
I know Tom is a firearms expert.
I know Tom is a creative person.
I know Tom is a convicted felon.
I know Tom is a compulsive liar.
I know Tom is a college student.
I know Tom is a college dropout.
I know Tom is a careless driver.
I know Tom is a bit disoriented.
I know Tom is a Vietnam veteran.
I know Tom hasn't done that yet.
I know Tom has tried to do that.
I know Tom has tried doing that.
I know Tom has to do that today.
I know Tom has to do that again.
I know Tom has done that before.
I know Tom had to do that today.
I know Tom doesn't need do that.
I know Tom doesn't like spinach.
I know Tom doesn't like me much.
I know Tom doesn't do that much.
I know Tom didn't do that right.
I know Tom didn't do that alone.
I know Tom didn't do that again.
I know Tom did that really well.
I know Tom did that pretty well.
I know Tom did that incorrectly.
I know Tom can probably do that.
I know Tom and Mary are married.
I know Tom and Mary are engaged.
I know I'm not ready to do that.
I know I did that the wrong way.
I knew that that wasn't correct.
I knew that somebody would come.
I knew that Tom would volunteer.
I knew that Tom wasn't a coward.
I knew that Tom wasn't a barber.
I knew that Tom was lying to us.
I knew that Tom was lying to me.
I knew that Tom was a sociopath.
I knew that Tom was a locksmith.
I knew that Tom was a bit tipsy.
I knew that Tom was a bit crazy.
I knew that Tom was a bartender.
I knew that Tom was a bad loser.
I knew Tom wouldn't wait for us.
I knew Tom wasn't to be trusted.
I knew Tom wasn't a bad student.
I knew Tom was ready to do that.
I knew Tom was peeling potatoes.
I knew Tom was making spaghetti.
I knew Tom was against the plan.
I knew Tom was afraid of snakes.
I knew Tom was afraid of my dog.
I knew Tom was afraid of ghosts.
I knew Tom was afraid of flying.
I knew Tom was about to do that.
I knew Tom was a trumpet player.
I knew Tom was a reasonable man.
I knew Tom was a reasonable guy.
I knew Tom was a little worried.
I knew Tom shouldn't go outside.
I knew Tom hadn't done that yet.
I knew Tom had to do that today.
I knew Tom had done that for us.
I just want to know Tom is safe.
I hope Tom can actually do that.
I have no time to do that today.
I felt I needed to do something.
I doubt that Tom has to do that.
I doubt Tom will try to do that.
I doubt I'll be able to do that.
I didn't throw rocks at anybody.
I didn't know you would do that.
I didn't know you felt this way.
I didn't know that Tom liked me.
I didn't know that I'd get hurt.
I didn't know that I'd be first.
I didn't know that I'd be early.
I didn't know Tom was a veteran.
I didn't know Tom was a refugee.
I didn't know Tom was a butcher.
I didn't know Tom speaks French.
I didn't know Tom liked to cook.
I didn't know Tom had been sick.
I didn't know I'd broken my leg.
I didn't eat as much as you did.
I didn't eat as much as Tom did.
I can eat things that Tom can't.
How can I take care of everyone?
Hi, my name's Tom. What's yours?
Here's a knife that you can use.
Everyone knows that we love Tom.
Everyone knows that we did that.
Everyone knows I don't like Tom.
Everybody knows that I hate you.
Doesn't Tom know you can't swim?
Does Tom know that you did that?
Does Tom know that I can't swim?
Do you think this is repairable?
Didn't you know Tom was adopted?
Did you know that Tom knew Mary?
Did you know that I have a blog?
Did you know Tom isn't Canadian?
Did Tom know that you were here?
Both Tom and Mary are Catholics.
You may wear anything you want.
You know that you can trust me.
You know that Tom likes Boston.
You know that Tom is different.
You know that I don't eat meat.
You know that I didn't mean it.
You know that I didn't do that.
You know I did that, don't you?
You can come, too, if you want.
You can come in if you want to.
What do you recommend we order?
We're not ready to go home yet.
We know that you're not stupid.
We know that you're interested.
We know that you were involved.
We know that you can't do that.
We know that you aren't stupid.
We know that Tom won't do that.
We know that Tom can't do that.
We know Tom is unlikely to win.
We knew that Tom would be late.
We both know that that's a lie.
We aren't ready to go home yet.
We all know Tom was doing that.
We all know Tom didn't do that.
Tom was very rude to everybody.
Tom was born the day Mary died.
Tom took his kids to the beach.
Tom told me Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom told me Mary was in Boston.
Tom told Mary she should leave.
Tom thought that you'd do that.
Tom thought that Mary was safe.
Tom thought I ought to do that.
Tom takes care of our children.
Tom said that you looked great.
Tom said that we're in trouble.
Tom said he'd give Mary a book.
Tom said he thought I was kind.
Tom said he doesn't feel tired.
Tom said I was being too vague.
Tom realized we should do that.
Tom realized we had to do that.
Tom realized that he might die.
Tom quickly put on his clothes.
Tom quickly put his clothes on.
Tom paid a lot for this guitar.
Tom may wear anything he wants.
Tom knows Mary often says that.
Tom knew he was going to be fired.
Tom knew that Mary was in pain.
Tom knew that Mary was at work.
Tom knew Mary wasn't a teacher.
Tom isn't very good at bowling.
Tom is usually as busy as Mary.
Tom is pretty good at swimming.
Tom is much older than Mary is.
Tom is doing this for his kids.
Tom is dating someone else now.
Tom is afraid to trust anybody.
Tom doesn't know you were here.
Tom doesn't know Mary likes me.
Tom doesn't know Mary is upset.
Tom doesn't know Mary hates me.
Tom didn't know Mary loved him.
Tom didn't know Mary had a dog.
Tom didn't eat as much as Mary.
Tom couldn't get his socks off.
Tom claims that he can do that.
Tom caught more fish than Mary.
Tom carefully took the lid off.
Tom carefully took off the lid.
Tom can't draw as well as Mary.
Tom can do whatever he wants to.
Tom can come, too, if he wants.
Tom bought some candy for Mary.
Tom bought many gifts for Mary.
Tom bought a watch for himself.
Tom and Mary know you did that.
Tom and Mary both wear glasses.
This pair of shoes cost me $30.
This is the doghouse Tom built.
They told me that Tom was dead.
Promise me you won't freak out.
Nobody will know that I'm here.
Nobody knew you were in Boston.
Nobody knew Tom was a Canadian.
No one will know that I'm here.
No one knew you were in Boston.
No one knew Tom was a Canadian.
Mary made some cookies for Tom.
Mary knew she was good-looking.
Mary is prettier than Alice is.
Make sure you do that yourself.
It was clear Tom had done that.
I'm sure that Tom will be back.
I won't throw rocks at anybody.
I was hoping that would happen.
I thought you wouldn't show up.
I thought that that would work.
I thought Tom would enjoy that.
I think that these are genuine.
I think that Tom is a mechanic.
I think Tom is a good neighbor.
I think Tom is a good listener.
I noticed that Tom was smiling.
I need Tom to know we love him.
I know you're richer than I am.
I know you're eager to do that.
I know you hardly ever do that.
I know you don't often do that.
I know you can't do that today.
I know that you're on vacation.
I know that you're not serious.
I know that you'll love Boston.
I know that you'll get the job.
I know that you must be scared.
I know that you must be hungry.
I know that you must be afraid.
I know that you like traveling.
I know that you like to travel.
I know that you hired a lawyer.
I know that you had to do that.
I know that you don't trust us.
I know that you don't know Tom.
I know that you can't stop Tom.
I know that you can try harder.
I know that you aren't serious.
I know that they're both happy.
I know that Tom should do that.
I know that Tom plays the bass.
I know that Tom never did that.
I know that Tom isn't a surfer.
I know that Tom isn't a senior.
I know that Tom isn't a member.
I know that Tom isn't a genius.
I know that Tom isn't a coward.
I know that Tom isn't a barber.
I know that Tom is almost deaf.
I know that Tom is a weird guy.
I know that Tom is a tough kid.
I know that Tom is a tough guy.
I know that Tom is a sophomore.
I know that Tom is a socialist.
I know that Tom is a smart man.
I know that Tom is a smart kid.
I know that Tom is a smart guy.
I know that Tom is a smart boy.
I know that Tom is a scoundrel.
I know that Tom is a paramedic.
I know that Tom is a nonsmoker.
I know that Tom is a locksmith.
I know that Tom is a lifeguard.
I know that Tom is a librarian.
I know that Tom is a gun owner.
I know that Tom is a good cook.
I know that Tom is a good chef.
I know that Tom is a good boss.
I know that Tom is a gentleman.
I know that Tom is a foreigner.
I know that Tom is a cat lover.
I know that Tom is a carpenter.
I know that Tom is a brave man.
I know that Tom is a bit tipsy.
I know that Tom is a bit naive.
I know that Tom is a bit crazy.
I know that Tom is a biologist.
I know that Tom is a bartender.
I know that Tom is a bad loser.
I know that Tom is a bad coach.
I know that Tom had to do that.
I know that Tom does that, too.
I know that Tom does that well.
I know that Tom did that wrong.
I know that Tom did that right.
I know that Tom did that alone.
I know that I've said too much.
I know that I'm in trouble now.
I know that I'm a good fighter.
I know that I don't deserve it.
I know somebody should do that.
I know somebody has to do that.
I know somebody had to do that.
I know Tom wouldn't enjoy that.
I know Tom won't do that today.
I know Tom won't do that again.
I know Tom won't be doing that.
I know Tom will try to do that.
I know Tom will likely do that.
I know Tom will let us do that.
I know Tom will do that for us.
I know Tom will do that for me.
I know Tom was a child prodigy.
I know Tom wants me to do that.
I know Tom used to be a priest.
I know Tom sometimes does that.
I know Tom should've done that.
I know Tom saw Mary doing that.
I know Tom plans on doing that.
I know Tom may want to do that.
I know Tom knows what Mary did.
I know Tom knows Mary did that.
I know Tom knew how to do that.
I know Tom isn't very creative.
I know Tom isn't happy, either.
I know Tom isn't afraid of you.
I know Tom isn't a teacher now.
I know Tom isn't a popular guy.
I know Tom isn't a nice person.
I know Tom isn't a hard worker.
I know Tom isn't a disc jockey.
I know Tom isn't a busy person.
I know Tom isn't a bad manager.
I know Tom is very opinionated.
I know Tom is thirty years old.
I know Tom is taller than Mary.
I know Tom is still doing that.
I know Tom is ready to do that.
I know Tom is peeling potatoes.
I know Tom is out on the porch.
I know Tom is making spaghetti.
I know Tom is going to do that.
I know Tom is eager to do that.
I know Tom is doing that today.
I know Tom is allergic to bees.
I know Tom is against the plan.
I know Tom is afraid of snakes.
I know Tom is afraid of my dog.
I know Tom is afraid of ghosts.
I know Tom is afraid of flying.
I know Tom is about thirty now.
I know Tom is about Mary's age.
I know Tom is a violin teacher.
I know Tom is a very smart kid.
I know Tom is a very smart guy.
I know Tom is a very lucky guy.
I know Tom is a very good cook.
I know Tom is a trumpet player.
I know Tom is a terrible coach.
I know Tom is a tax consultant.
I know Tom is a strong swimmer.
I know Tom is a sports fanatic.
I know Tom is a social drinker.
I know Tom is a ski instructor.
I know Tom is a selfish person.
I know Tom is a school janitor.
I know Tom is a rebellious boy.
I know Tom is a reasonable man.
I know Tom is a reasonable guy.
I know Tom is a musical genius.
I know Tom is a morning person.
I know Tom is a lot better now.
I know Tom is a little worried.
I know Tom is a little strange.
I know Tom is a little nervous.
I know Tom is a healthy person.
I know Tom is a guitar teacher.
I know Tom is a good violinist.
I know Tom is a good guitarist.
I know Tom is a good detective.
I know Tom is a good carpenter.
I know Tom is a fantastic cook.
I know Tom is a divorce lawyer.
I know Tom is a careful driver.
I know Tom is a buddy of yours.
I know Tom is a branch manager.
I know Tom is a bit unsociable.
I know Tom is a bit overweight.
I know Tom is a bad role model.
I know Tom is a French teacher.
I know Tom intended to do that.
I know Tom helped Mary do that.
I know Tom has been doing that.
I know Tom doesn't need to win.
I know Tom does that sometimes.
I know Tom does that every day.
I know Tom didn't do that well.
I know Tom did that in October.
I know Tom did that by mistake.
I know Tom did that by himself.
I know Tom could do that today.
I know Tom can't do that today.
I know Tom can help us do that.
I know I did that pretty badly.
I know I can make a difference.
I know I can do that by myself.
I knew you would appreciate it.
I knew that Tom wasn't kidding.
I knew that Tom wasn't a bully.
I knew that Tom was very angry.
I knew that Tom was doing that.
I knew that Tom was against it.
I knew that Tom was a busy man.
I knew that Tom was a bachelor.
I knew that Tom had lied to us.
I knew Tom would be doing that.
I knew Tom wasn't a lieutenant.
I knew Tom wasn't a bad person.
I knew Tom wasn't a bad golfer.
I knew Tom was studying French.
I knew Tom was older than Mary.
I knew Tom was able to do that.
I knew Tom was a very sick man.
I knew Tom was a very rich man.
I knew Tom was a very nice guy.
I knew Tom was a very bad cook.
I knew Tom was a binge drinker.
I knew Tom was a ballet dancer.
I knew Tom knew how to do that.
I knew I was going to be fired.
I have more money than Tom has.
I have more free time than Tom.
I got home just before Tom did.
I doubt we'll be able prove it.
I doubt that we can prove that.
I doubt Tom can deal with that.
I doubt I'll finish this today.
I don't think that I hurt Mary.
I don't think Tom noticed that.
I didn't throw rocks at anyone.
I didn't know that you kept it.
I didn't know that I'd be late.
I didn't know that I'd be back.
I didn't know Tom wasn't happy.
I didn't know Tom had children.
I didn't know Tom could see me.
I can guarantee that'll happen.
I can do things that Tom can't.
I bought this umbrella for $30.
How did Tom know Mary was dead?
Everyone knows that we're rich.
Everybody knows Tom likes Mary.
Everybody knew that except Tom.
Everybody knew Tom was unhappy.
Don't forget Tom is my brother.
Doing nothing is not an option.
Does Tom know you've done that?
Does Tom know you're going out?
Do you think dogs go to heaven?
Did you think that I was funny?
Did you know that I'm Canadian?
Did you know Tom would be here?
Did you know Tom was a dentist?
Did you know Tom had left town?
Did you know Tom had left home?
Did you know Tom could do that?
Both Tom and Mary wear glasses.
You may sit wherever you want.
You know that I won't do that.
You know that I love you both.
You know that I hate meetings.
Why did Tom give that to Mary?
We sold all the apples we had.
We know that you're very rich.
We know that you're the thief.
We know that you're one of us.
We knew we had a real problem.
We both know it's no big deal.
We all know that you're smart.
We all know Tom can't do that.
Tom, I know that you're there.
Tom was very rude to everyone.
Tom was thirteen at that time.
Tom was the only one standing.
Tom was the only one sleeping.
Tom was the only one drinking.
Tom took care of our children.
Tom thinks that I'm his enemy.
Tom showed his passport to me.
Tom says that this is healthy.
Tom says he really saw a ghost.
Tom said you should wait here.
Tom said that this is healthy.
Tom said that he wanted those.
Tom said that I was beautiful.
Tom said nothing had happened.
Tom said he wouldn't hit Mary.
Tom said Mary was a good cook.
Tom realized Mary was in pain.
Tom realized I should do that.
Tom realized I had to do that.
Tom read his children a story.
Tom put everything in the box.
Tom left just before Mary did.
Tom knew that he was handsome.
Tom knew Mary was coming home.
Tom knew Mary was a professor.
Tom isn't able to ride a bike.
Tom is way older than Mary is.
Tom is pretty good at bowling.
Tom is much younger than I am.
Tom is much smarter than Mary.
Tom is better-looking than me.
Tom is an extraordinary child.
Tom is afraid to trust anyone.
Tom hoped Mary would kiss him.
Tom has something that I want.
Tom has his children with him.
Tom gets along with everybody.
Tom gave his teacher an apple.
Tom doesn't know that I exist.
Tom does what he's told to do.
Tom didn't watch TV yesterday.
Tom demanded we leave at once.
Tom couldn't save Mary's life.
Tom can type faster than Mary.
Tom can swim faster than Mary.
Tom can see things Mary can't.
Tom can jump higher than Mary.
Tom can eat things Mary can't.
Tom can buy things Mary can't.
Tom brought his kids with him.
Tom bought some food for Mary.
Tom bought a new car for Mary.
Tom bought a lot of souvenirs.
Tom ate a lot more than I did.
Tom assumed Mary was Canadian.
Tom asked Mary many questions.
Tom and Mary are both addicts.
There's no proof Tom did that.
People tell me that I'm nosey.
Nobody had any idea that Tom was in Boston.
Nobody knew Tom was in Boston.
Nobody knew Tom was an ex-con.
No one had any idea that Tom was in Boston.
No one knows that Tom is here.
No one knew Tom was in Boston.
No one knew Tom was an ex-con.
Mary put on her wedding dress.
Mary put her wedding dress on.
Mary knows she's good-looking.
Mary isn't as pretty as Alice.
I've been told that I'm a pig.
I won't throw rocks at anyone.
I wish I hadn't said anything.
I want you to know I did that.
I think we're about done here.
I think Tom is a good painter.
I think Tom is a gifted actor.
I think Tom is a creative guy.
I think Tom has fallen asleep.
I think I can handle this job.
I really think that'll happen.
I need to know that you're OK.
I know you aren't comfortable.
I know that you've helped Tom.
I know that you're very brave.
I know that you're quite busy.
I know that you're not stupid.
I know that you're not scared.
I know that you're interested.
I know that you're in trouble.
I know that you're frustrated.
I know that you're back there.
I know that you'll enjoy this.
I know that you must be tired.
I know that you must be happy.
I know that you have children.
I know that you hate weddings.
I know that you hate funerals.
I know that you had no choice.
I know that you feel grateful.
I know that you don't love me.
I know that you could do that.
I know that you can't do that.
I know that you can do better.
I know that you aren't scared.
I know that they're both busy.
I know that Tom won't give up.
I know that Tom might do that.
I know that Tom isn't a rebel.
I know that Tom isn't a rabbi.
I know that Tom isn't a bully.
I know that Tom is very lucky.
I know that Tom is very angry.
I know that Tom is still busy.
I know that Tom is busy today.
I know that Tom is against it.
I know that Tom is a wise man.
I know that Tom is a southpaw.
I know that Tom is a nice kid.
I know that Tom is a nice guy.
I know that Tom is a musician.
I know that Tom is a mechanic.
I know that Tom is a lazy kid.
I know that Tom is a huge guy.
I know that Tom is a good guy.
I know that Tom is a gardener.
I know that Tom is a freshman.
I know that Tom is a cute kid.
I know that Tom is a cool guy.
I know that Tom is a busy man.
I know that Tom is a bookworm.
I know that Tom is a beginner.
I know that Tom is a bad liar.
I know that Tom is a bad cook.
I know that Tom is a bad boss.
I know that Tom is a bachelor.
I know that Tom is a Canadian.
I know that Tom did that well.
I know that Tom did that once.
I know that I've let you down.
I know that I've been lied to.
I know that I'm being watched.
I know that I'm being selfish.
I know that I'm alone on this.
I know that I locked the door.
I know that I heard something.
I know that I didn't cause it.
I know that I can rely on you.
I know that I can make the team.
I know that I can do this job.
I know that I can be replaced.
I know someone should do that.
I know someone has to do that.
I know someone had to do that.
I know Tom would've done that.
I know Tom won't like it here.
I know Tom won't do that here.
I know Tom wishes I were dead.
I know Tom will do that today.
I know Tom will do that later.
I know Tom will do that again.
I know Tom will be doing that.
I know Tom was a snotty child.
I know Tom was a draft dodger.
I know Tom started to do that.
I know Tom saw you doing that.
I know Tom refused to do that.
I know Tom might've done that.
I know Tom may have done that.
I know Tom knows who did that.
I know Tom knew Mary did that.
I know Tom isn't afraid of me.
I know Tom isn't a normal guy.
I know Tom isn't a hockey fan.
I know Tom isn't a good coach.
I know Tom isn't a fast eater.
I know Tom isn't a bad singer.
I know Tom isn't a bad person.
I know Tom isn't a bad driver.
I know Tom is still in Boston.
I know Tom is shorter than me.
I know Tom isn't much of a skier.
I know Tom is doing that, too.
I know Tom is being sarcastic.
I know Tom is almost finished.
I know Tom is able to do that.
I know Tom is a very rich man.
I know Tom is a very nice guy.
I know Tom is a very lazy boy.
I know Tom is a very bad cook.
I know Tom is a terrible cook.
I know Tom is a tennis player.
I know Tom is a social worker.
I know Tom is a single father.
I know Tom is a quick learner.
I know Tom is a piano teacher.
I know Tom is a perfectionist.
I know Tom is a music teacher.
I know Tom is a lot like Mary.
I know Tom is a lot like John.
I know Tom is a little chubby.
I know Tom is a light sleeper.
I know Tom is a jazz musician.
I know Tom is a house painter.
I know Tom is a horse trainer.
I know Tom is a heroin addict.
I know Tom is a heavy sleeper.
I know Tom is a heavy drinker.
I know Tom is a good wrestler.
I know Tom is a good salesman.
I know Tom is a good musician.
I know Tom is a good listener.
I know Tom is a forest ranger.
I know Tom is a dance teacher.
I know Tom is a control freak.
I know Tom is a bit eccentric.
I know Tom is a bit conceited.
I know Tom is a binge drinker.
I know Tom is a ballet dancer.
I know Tom has done that once.
I know Tom enjoyed doing that.
I know Tom did that yesterday.
I know Tom did that with Mary.
I know Tom did that on Monday.
I know Tom did that last week.
I know Tom did that correctly.
I know Tom decided to do that.
I know Tom could've done that.
I know Tom can really do that.
I know I should do that today.
I know I have to do that here.
I know I did that fairly well.
I know I can fix that for you.
I know I can do that tomorrow.
I know I can do that if I try.
I knew that you could do that.
I knew that Tom would help me.
I knew that Tom was very busy.
I knew that Tom was all alone.
I knew that Tom was a painter.
I knew Tom wasn't really sick.
I knew Tom wasn't really busy.
I knew Tom wasn't a bartender.
I knew Tom was here somewhere.
I knew Tom was all by himself.
I knew Tom was afraid of Mary.
I knew Tom was a truck driver.
I knew Tom was a troublemaker.
I knew Tom was a little upset.
I knew Tom was a dairy farmer.
I knew Tom was a brave person.
I knew Tom was a bit confused.
I knew Tom was a baseball fan.
I knew I was going to be late.
I hope that I can rely on you.
I hope Tom wasn't lying to us.
I heard Tom committed suicide.
I doubt Tom wanted to do that.
I don't think this is the end.
I do know that it's not right.
I do know that it isn't right.
I didn't see or hear anything.
I didn't know that you'd come.
I didn't know that you cooked.
I didn't know that I was hurt.
I didn't know Tom was in town.
I didn't know Tom was a vegan.
I didn't know Tom owned a gun.
I could tell Tom wasn't happy.
I can't come in to work today.
I bought this camera for $300.
I believe that that'll happen.
I believe Tom knows that Mary can't do that.
Everyone knows that it worked.
Everyone knows that I'm broke.
Everyone knows Tom likes Mary.
Everyone knew that except Tom.
Everyone knew Tom was unhappy.
Everyone here knows your name.
Everybody knows you're a liar.
Everybody knows that Tom lied.
Enjoy the rest of the weekend.
Don't you think that I'm cute?
Doing nothing isn't an option.
Does anybody know you're here?
Does Tom know Mary can't swim?
Do you think that I'm strange?
Do they know that you're here?
Didn't you know Tom had a son?
Did you think I was too noisy?
Did you know Tom was Canadian?
Did you know Tom quit his job?
Both Tom and Mary are addicts.
You know that you were right.
You know that Tom likes beer.
You know that Tom likes Mary.
You know that I need it back.
You know that I didn't do it.
Why did you give that to Tom?
Why did Tom give that to you?
Who else knows that I'm here?
What you said makes no sense.
What do you recommend we eat?
What Tom said makes no sense.
We know that you're in there.
We know that you lied to Tom.
We aren't as young as Tom is.
We all know nobody's perfect.
We all know no one's perfect.
Tom wrote a postcard to Mary.
Tom won't know that I'm here.
Tom won't admit he was wrong.
Tom will, of course, be late.
Tom was the only one snoring.
Tom was sitting on the couch.
Tom was born before Mary was.
Tom thought Mary was at work.
Tom thought I should do that.
Tom thought I had to do that.
Tom suggested we not do that.
Tom says that he saw a ghost.
Tom says that he can do that.
Tom says Mary isn't his type.
Tom said we should wait here.
Tom said that he wanted this.
Tom said that he wanted that.
Tom said he wanted that done.
Tom promised he'd come again.
Tom lived to be ninety-seven.
Tom laughed so hard he cried.
Tom knows that he's handsome.
Tom knew the door was locked.
Tom knew he was good-looking.
Tom knew he ought to do that.
Tom knew Mary was a Canadian.
Tom is pretty good at skiing.
Tom is arguing with somebody.
Tom is afraid that'll happen.
Tom hoped Mary could do that.
Tom gave the picture to Mary.
Tom does what he wants to do.
Tom didn't eat as much as me.
Tom could lend money to Mary.
Tom claims he's seen a ghost.
Tom caught more fish than me.
Tom can't draw as well as me.
Tom can do things Mary can't.
Tom bought me all this stuff.
Tom bought lots of souvenirs.
Tom bought a camera for $300.
Tom bought Mary a teddy bear.
Tom bought Mary a dictionary.
Tom bought Mary a blue scarf.
Tom ate a lot more than Mary.
Tom assumed Mary was at work.
They know Tom means business.
That'll be hard for me to do.
Take pictures if you want to.
People tell me that I'm nosy.
Nobody wanted to eat with us.
Nobody knows we're cousins.
Nobody knows that we're here.
Nobody knows that I like you.
No one wanted to eat with us.
No one knows we're my cousin.
No one knows that we're here.
Mary knew she was attractive.
Make sure you do it yourself.
Make sure that no one enters.
Make sure that Tom does that.
Let's hope that you're cured.
I've been told that I'm rude.
I'm sure that Tom knows that.
I'm looking for the restroom.
I'm afraid that might happen.
I wish that we could ask Tom.
I think that we should leave.
I think that this is the end.
I think that this is genuine.
I think that these are fakes.
I think that Tom was shocked.
I think Tom was lying to you.
I think Tom is a strange guy.
I think Tom is a good lawyer.
I think Tom can help you now.
I realized Tom wasn't joking.
I noticed Tom was doing that.
I know you're a good teacher.
I know you'd hate doing that.
I know you know where Tom is.
I know you did that with Tom.
I know you aren't doing that.
I know that you've helped us.
I know that you've got a gun.
I know that you're still mad.
I know that you're skeptical.
I know that you're not lying.
I know that you're not happy.
I know that you're listening.
I know that you're irritated.
I know that you're here, Tom.
I know that you're busy, too.
I know that you're busy, Tom.
I know that you want to help.
I know that you want answers.
I know that you speak French.
I know that you must be busy.
I know that you hate carrots.
I know that you had to do it.
I know that you aren't lying.
I know that you aren't happy.
I know that Tom isn't a fool.
I know that Tom is very busy.
I know that Tom is all right.
I know that Tom is all alone.
I know that Tom is a widower.
I know that Tom is a veteran.
I know that Tom is a teacher.
I know that Tom is a student.
I know that Tom is a showoff.
I know that Tom is a redneck.
I know that Tom is a realist.
I know that Tom is a plumber.
I know that Tom is a painter.
I know that Tom is a man now.
I know that Tom is a liberal.
I know that Tom is a janitor.
I know that Tom is a gambler.
I know that Tom is a dreamer.
I know that Tom is a dentist.
I know that Tom is a crybaby.
I know that Tom is a butcher.
I know that Tom is a bit shy.
I know that I'm not dreaming.
I know that I'm going to die.
I know that I'm a bad dancer.
I know that I'll feel better.
I know that I made a mistake.
I know that I have no choice.
I know that I have a problem.
I know that I did that wrong.
I know now Tom wasn't joking.
I know Tom won't wait for me.
I know Tom won't lie to Mary.
I know Tom will do that, too.
I know Tom will do that soon.
I know Tom wasn't very lucky.
I know Tom was a scrawny kid.
I know Tom was a little late.
I know Tom wanted to be here.
I know Tom usually does that.
I know Tom saw us doing that.
I know Tom saw me doing that.
I know Tom said he'd do that.
I know Tom probably did that.
I know Tom needed to do that.
I know Tom must've done that.
I know Tom might not do that.
I know Tom likes living here.
I know Tom likes a challenge.
I know Tom isn't a good boss.
I know Tom isn't a cat lover.
I know Tom isn't a bartender.
I know Tom is very talkative.
I know Tom is the supervisor.
I know Tom is still homesick.
I know Tom is all by himself.
I know Tom is afraid of Mary.
I know Tom is about your age.
I know Tom is about to leave.
I know Tom is a veterinarian.
I know Tom is a very shy boy.
I know Tom is a very old man.
I know Tom is a truck driver.
I know Tom is a troublemaker.
I know Tom is a teacher, too.
I know Tom is a teacher here.
I know Tom is a student, too.
I know Tom is a stubborn man.
I know Tom is a stubborn guy.
I know Tom is a stand-up guy.
I know Tom is a spoiled brat.
I know Tom is a smart person.
I know Tom is a slow learner.
I know Tom is a psychologist.
I know Tom is a psychiatrist.
I know Tom is a prison guard.
I know Tom is a powerful man.
I know Tom is a party animal.
I know Tom is a messy person.
I know Tom is a lousy dancer.
I know Tom is a little weird.
I know Tom is a little upset.
I know Tom is a little tired.
I know Tom is a little early.
I know Tom is a little crazy.
I know Tom is a jazz pianist.
I know Tom is a heavy smoker.
I know Tom is a handsome man.
I know Tom is a handsome guy.
I know Tom is a good swimmer.
I know Tom is a good student.
I know Tom is a good pitcher.
I know Tom is a good painter.
I know Tom is a good manager.
I know Tom is a good drummer.
I know Tom is a good athlete.
I know Tom is a gifted actor.
I know Tom is a fussy person.
I know Tom is a fast swimmer.
I know Tom is a fast learner.
I know Tom is a conservative.
I know Tom is a brave person.
I know Tom is a blabbermouth.
I know Tom is a bit snobbish.
I know Tom is a bit paranoid.
I know Tom is a bit confused.
I know Tom is a bird watcher.
I know Tom is a baseball fan.
I know Tom forgot to do that.
I know Tom enjoys doing that.
I know Tom doesn't often win.
I know Tom doesn't like that.
I know Tom doesn't like cats.
I know Tom doesn't like Mary.
I know Tom can still do that.
I know Tom can do that today.
I know Tom can do that again.
I knew that we could do that.
I knew that that wasn't true.
I knew that it would be easy.
I knew that Tom was agnostic.
I knew that Tom was agitated.
I knew that Tom was a coward.
I knew that Tom was a barber.
I knew Tom wasn't against it.
I knew Tom wasn't a bachelor.
I knew Tom was almost asleep.
I knew Tom was a crooked cop.
I knew Tom was a busy person.
I knew Tom was a bit strange.
I knew Tom was a billionaire.
I knew Tom needed to do that.
I hope you're getting better.
I hope Tom is getting better.
I hope I don't botch the job.
I doubt that we can prove it.
I doubt Tom wants to do that.
I doubt Tom needs to do that.
I didn't know Tom could swim.
I assumed Tom was a Canadian.
I also know Tom isn't stupid.
How did you know I'd do that?
How did you know I liked Tom?
Everyone knows you're a liar.
Everyone knows we killed Tom.
Everyone knows that Tom lied.
Everybody knows you're lying.
Everybody here knows that we're Canadians.
You know that Tom was right.
You know that Tom can't win.
You know that I'm different.
You know that I respect you.
You know that I don't dance.
You know that I can do that.
You know I'd never hurt you.
What do you recommend we do?
We know your name isn't Tom.
We know that you're in pain.
We know that you're in here.
We just knew we could do it.
We aren't as rich as Tom is.
We aren't as busy as Tom is.
Tom, of course, didn't come.
Tom's mother is very strict.
Tom was the only one eating.
Tom was sitting on the sofa.
Tom was glad Mary was there.
Tom took his kids to school.
Tom thinks this will be fun.
Tom showed his garden to me.
Tom said you were beautiful.
Tom said we could wait here.
Tom said that he could wait.
Tom said he prayed for Mary.
Tom said he didn't hit Mary.
Tom said Mary was very busy.
Tom made his grandson a toy.
Tom knows he's good-looking.
Tom knew that Mary was safe.
Tom knew Mary was in Boston.
Tom knew Mary was at school.
Tom is much younger than me.
Tom is arguing with someone.
Tom is an extraordinary kid.
Tom handed the list to Mary.
Tom eats when he's stressed.
Tom doesn't know I'm hungry.
Tom doesn't know I hate him.
Tom didn't deny he did that.
Tom couldn't find his phone.
Tom bought himself one, too.
Tom asked me many questions.
Tom and I know you did that.
Tom admitted he'd done that.
Tom admitted he killed Mary.
Nobody knows who killed Tom.
Mary knows she's attractive.
I've got to leave on Monday.
I'm sure that Tom will call.
I'm really angry about that.
I'm not sure that'll happen.
I'm happy you could do that.
I'll be thirty this October.
I'll ask Tom to buy us that.
I thought you would show up.
I thought you would do that.
I think that that'll happen.
I think that Tom is a creep.
I think Tom is afraid of us.
I think Tom is a workaholic.
I think Tom is a little shy.
I realize Tom wasn't joking.
I only know Tom isn't happy.
I noticed that Tom was busy.
I need to know Tom is happy.
I know you're afraid of Tom.
I know you ought to do that.
I know that you're talented.
I know that you're innocent.
I know that you're in there.
I know that you're confused.
I know that you'll like Tom.
I know that you'll be brave.
I know that you won't do it.
I know that you were joking.
I know that you were afraid.
I know that you like sports.
I know that you lied to Tom.
I know that you hate school.
I know that you feel lonely.
I know that you can make it.
I know that you can help us.
I know that you can do this.
I know that they were there.
I know that that wasn't Tom.
I know that it's Tom's call.
I know that Tom may do that.
I know that Tom isn't a fan.
I know that Tom is after me.
I know that Tom is a weirdo.
I know that Tom is a surfer.
I know that Tom is a smoker.
I know that Tom is a skater.
I know that Tom is a senior.
I know that Tom is a rookie.
I know that Tom is a racist.
I know that Tom is a priest.
I know that Tom is a potter.
I know that Tom is a member.
I know that Tom is a junior.
I know that Tom is a grouch.
I know that Tom is a genius.
I know that Tom is a farmer.
I know that Tom is a doctor.
I know that Tom is a coward.
I know that Tom is a barber.
I know that I've helped you.
I know that I'm not perfect.
I know that I'm good enough.
I know that I'm getting old.
I know that I owe you money.
I know that I can trust you.
I know that I can trust Tom.
I know that I can go faster.
I know that I can do better.
I know Tom would enjoy that.
I know Tom was lying to you.
I know Tom used to be a cop.
I know Tom seldom does that.
I know Tom rarely does that.
I know Tom plans to do that.
I know Tom ought to do that.
I know Tom meant to do that.
I know Tom likes to do that.
I know Tom likes doing that.
I know Tom liked to do that.
I know Tom liked doing that.
I know Tom isn't yet thirty.
I know Tom isn't in bed yet.
I know Tom isn't against it.
I know Tom isn't a wise man.
I know Tom isn't a nice guy.
I know Tom isn't a mechanic.
I know Tom isn't a busy man.
I know Tom isn't a beginner.
I know Tom isn't a bad cook.
I know Tom isn't a bachelor.
I know Tom isn't a Canadian.
I know Tom is uncomfortable.
I know Tom is overconfident.
I know Tom is irresponsible.
I know Tom is irreplaceable.
I know Tom is inconsiderate.
I know Tom is in the garden.
I know Tom is almost thirty.
I know Tom is almost asleep.
I know Tom is all right now.
I know Tom is afraid of you.
I know Tom is absent-minded.
I know Tom is a teacher now.
I know Tom is a taxi driver.
I know Tom is a strange man.
I know Tom is a strange kid.
I know Tom is a strange guy.
I know Tom is a special kid.
I know Tom is a sociologist.
I know Tom is a selfish man.
I know Tom is a safe driver.
I know Tom is a popular guy.
I know Tom is a picky eater.
I know Tom is a park ranger.
I know Tom is a nice person.
I know Tom is a new student.
I know Tom is a millionaire.
I know Tom is a married man.
I know Tom is a lot like us.
I know Tom is a lot like me.
I know Tom is a little nuts.
I know Tom is a little late.
I know Tom is a light eater.
I know Tom is a lazy person.
I know Tom is a law student.
I know Tom is a jealous man.
I know Tom is a helpful guy.
I know Tom is a hard worker.
I know Tom is a gym teacher.
I know Tom is a good writer.
I know Tom is a good worker.
I know Tom is a good skater.
I know Tom is a good singer.
I know Tom is a good person.
I know Tom is a good father.
I know Tom is a good driver.
I know Tom is a good dancer.
I know Tom is a fussy eater.
I know Tom is a fast driver.
I know Tom is a busy person.
I know Tom is a businessman.
I know Tom is a bit strange.
I know Tom is a billionaire.
I know Tom is a bad student.
I know Tom hasn't done that.
I know Tom did that tonight.
I know Tom couldn't do that.
I know Tom appreciated that.
I know Tom always does that.
I know I'm ready to do that.
I knew that Tom was kidding.
I knew that Tom was jealous.
I knew that Tom was adopted.
I knew that Tom was a bully.
I knew Tom wasn't very busy.
I knew Tom was afraid of me.
I knew Tom was about to cry.
I knew Tom was a decent guy.
I knew Tom was a con artist.
I knew Tom was a bright kid.
I knew Tom was a bad driver.
I knew Tom was 100% correct.
I knew Tom liked to do that.
I knew Tom liked doing that.
I knew Tom hadn't done that.
I heard Tom wants a divorce.
I don't think Tom is a slob.
I don't think Tom hurt Mary.
I didn't know you liked Tom.
I didn't know you hated Tom.
I didn't know that you knew.
I didn't know Tom was there.
I didn't know Tom was lying.
I didn't know Tom was a vet.
I didn't know Tom does that.
I didn't eat as much as you.
I didn't eat as much as Tom.
I could tell Tom was hungry.
I believe I can handle that.
I already know Tom did that.
Everyone knows you're lying.
Everyone here knows that we won't be able to do that.
Everybody wanted to do this.
Everybody needed to do this.
Everybody needed to do that.
Everybody knew that but Tom.
Does Tom know you love Mary?
Does Tom know you like Mary?
Do you think that I'm weird?
Do you think that I'm funny?
Do you think that I look OK?
You know that Tom is lying.
You know that I won't sing.
You know that I have to go.
You know that I don't mind.
You know that I can't wait.
You know that I can't sing.
You can't please everybody.
Why did Tom give Mary that?
Who knows that Tom is here?
We know you're vegetarians.
We know that you're a coward.
We know that Tom likes you.
We know Tom is a brave man.
We knew that Tom would win.
We aren't as old as Tom is.
We all know Tom didn't win.
We all know Tom can't swim.
Tom won't admit he's wrong.
Tom will be late of course.
Tom takes care of our kids.
Tom showed me his passport.
Tom says he's seen a ghost.
Tom said he was in trouble.
Tom is way older than Mary.
Tom didn't come, of course.
Tom bought one for himself.
Tom bought himself a watch.
Tom believed Mary was safe.
Tom ate more than Mary did.
Tom ate a lot more than me.
Tom admitted he lied to me.
There's a chance it's real.
Some people think I'm nuts.
Of course Tom will be late.
Nobody's listening anymore.
No one's listening anymore.
Mary made Tom some cookies.
It's already time to leave.
I wish I had putted better.
I think that I smell smoke.
I think Tom is almost deaf.
I think Tom is a Christian.
I met a woman who knows us.
I know you're a good coach.
I know you don't mean that.
I know you aren't like Tom.
I know you aren't an idiot.
I know you aren't a doctor.
I know that you're worried.
I know that you're shocked.
I know that you're nervous.
I know that you're in pain.
I know that you're in here.
I know that you'll love it.
I know that you'll be back.
I know that you were right.
I know that you understand.
I know that you meant well.
I know that you left early.
I know that you kissed Tom.
I know that you helped Tom.
I know that you can't wait.
I know that you can see it.
I know that you believe me.
I know that Tom isn't rich.
I know that Tom is a thief.
I know that Tom is a rebel.
I know that Tom is a prude.
I know that Tom is a minor.
I know that Tom is a loner.
I know that Tom is a klutz.
I know that Tom is a crook.
I know that Tom is a creep.
I know that Tom is a coach.
I know that Tom is a bully.
I know that Tom is a blond.
I know that Tom hates cats.
I know that I'm very lucky.
I know that I'm in trouble.
I know that I'm in the way.
I know that I deserve this.
I know Tom works very hard.
I know Tom won't lie to me.
I know Tom won't be coming.
I know Tom will be careful.
I know Tom went to Harvard.
I know Tom was lying to us.
I know Tom was lying to me.
I know Tom used to do that.
I know Tom used to be a DJ.
I know Tom still does that.
I know Tom really did that.
I know Tom often does that.
I know Tom never does that.
I know Tom knew I did that.
I know Tom isn't very busy.
I know Tom isn't ready yet.
I know Tom is undependable.
I know Tom is just a child.
I know Tom is disappointed.
I know Tom is conservative.
I know Tom is almost ready.
I know Tom is afraid of us.
I know Tom is afraid of me.
I know Tom is about to cry.
I know Tom is about my age.
I know Tom is a workaholic.
I know Tom is a vegetarian.
I know Tom is a stupid boy.
I know Tom is a strong man.
I know Tom is a strong guy.
I know Tom is a specialist.
I know Tom is a songwriter.
I know Tom is a slow eater.
I know Tom is a pharmacist.
I know Tom is a movie buff.
I know Tom is a little shy.
I know Tom is a little odd.
I know Tom is a journalist.
I know Tom is a hockey fan.
I know Tom is a health nut.
I know Tom is a greedy man.
I know Tom is a good skier.
I know Tom is a good pilot.
I know Tom is a good diver.
I know Tom is a good coach.
I know Tom is a good actor.
I know Tom is a father now.
I know Tom is a fast eater.
I know Tom is a doctor now.
I know Tom is a daydreamer.
I know Tom is a con artist.
I know Tom is a coal miner.
I know Tom is a clever kid.
I know Tom is a bus driver.
I know Tom is a bright kid.
I know Tom is a bright guy.
I know Tom is a bright boy.
I know Tom is a bit stingy.
I know Tom is a bit chubby.
I know Tom doesn't do that.
I know Tom does that a lot.
I know Tom died doing that.
I know Tom did that for us.
I knew that Tom was scared.
I knew that Tom was in bed.
I knew that Tom was hungry.
I knew that Tom was afraid.
I knew that Tom was a twin.
I knew that Tom was a cook.
I knew somebody would come.
I knew Tom would volunteer.
I knew Tom wasn't a coward.
I knew Tom wasn't a barber.
I knew Tom was lying to us.
I knew Tom was lying to me.
I knew Tom was from Boston.
I knew Tom was a sociopath.
I knew Tom was a locksmith.
I knew Tom was a bit tipsy.
I knew Tom was a bit crazy.
I knew Tom was a bartender.
I knew Tom was a bad loser.
I knew I shouldn't do that.
I have nobody to play with.
I got home just before Tom.
I doubt Tom has to do that.
I didn't know Tom loved me.
I didn't know Tom liked me.
I didn't know Tom hated me.
I didn't know Tom had died.
I can't help anybody today.
I can eat things Tom can't.
How do you know Tom did it?
Everyone wanted to do this.
Everyone wanted to do that.
Everyone needed to do this.
Everyone needed to do that.
Everyone knows you hit Tom.
Everyone knows we love Tom.
Everyone knows we did that.
Everyone knew that but Tom.
Everyone already knew that.
Everybody wants to do this.
Everybody wants to do that.
Everybody ought to do this.
Everybody ought to do that.
Everybody needs to do that.
Everybody is afraid of Tom.
Does Tom know you like him?
Do you think that I'm sexy?
Did you know Tom has a son?
"Is it true?" "I think so."
You know that you need it.
You know that I'm married.
You know that I can do it.
You know I don't like Tom.
You could've just told us.
You could've just told me.
Why did you give Tom that?
We now know Tom was lying.
We know you aren't stupid.
We know that you're there.
We know that you like Tom.
We know that they'll come.
We know Tom won't do that.
We know Tom was strangled.
We know Tom is a busy man.
We knew Tom would be late.
We aren't as young as Tom.
We all know Tom is guilty.
Tom took care of our kids.
Tom thought you'd do that.
Tom thought Mary was safe.
Tom says that he can wait.
Tom said you looked great.
Tom said we're in trouble.
Tom said that he hit Mary.
Tom realized he might die.
Tom left just before Mary.
Tom knew Mary was in pain.
Tom knew Mary was at work.
Tom is as busy as Mary is.
Tom has his kids with him.
Tom gave Mary the picture.
Tom does what he wants to.
Tom could lend Mary money.
Tom bought a watch for me.
Tom bought Mary some food.
Tom bought Mary a new car.
They told me Tom was dead.
Of course Tom didn't come.
Nobody will know I'm here.
Mary put some lipstick on.
I'm really mad about that.
I'm an unemployed teacher.
I wrote a postcard to Tom.
I think these are genuine.
I think that Tom is a CPA.
I think Tom is a mechanic.
I noticed Tom was smiling.
I know you'll love Boston.
I know you like to travel.
I know you care about Tom.
I know you aren't serious.
I know that you're scared.
I know that you're hungry.
I know that you're guilty.
I know that you're coming.
I know that you're clever.
I know that you're afraid.
I know that you trust Tom.
I know that you said that.
I know that you mean well.
I know that you know this.
I know that you hired Tom.
I know that you can do it.
I know that Tom is in bed.
I know that Tom is a wimp.
I know that Tom is a twin.
I know that Tom is a thug.
I know that Tom is a snob.
I know that Tom is a slob.
I know that Tom is a liar.
I know that Tom is a jerk.
I know that Tom is a fool.
I know that Tom is a cook.
I know that I'm not alone.
I know that I'm a failure.
I know that I should stay.
I know that I can make it.
I know that I can do this.
I know that I can do more.
I know Tom was devastated.
I know Tom should do that.
I know Tom plays the bass.
I know Tom never did that.
I know Tom isn't a surfer.
I know Tom isn't a senior.
I know Tom isn't a member.
I know Tom isn't a genius.
I know Tom isn't a coward.
I know Tom isn't a barber.
I know Tom is unconcerned.
I know Tom is thickheaded.
I know Tom is sympathetic.
I know Tom is responsible.
I know Tom is resourceful.
I know Tom is replaceable.
I know Tom is pessimistic.
I know Tom is intoxicated.
I know Tom is intelligent.
I know Tom is influential.
I know Tom is incompetent.
I know Tom is heartbroken.
I know Tom is hardworking.
I know Tom is handicapped.
I know Tom is from Boston.
I know Tom is embarrassed.
I know Tom is discouraged.
I know Tom is competitive.
I know Tom is almost deaf.
I know Tom is a weird guy.
I know Tom is a tough kid.
I know Tom is a tough guy.
I know Tom is a sophomore.
I know Tom is a socialist.
I know Tom is a smart man.
I know Tom is a smart kid.
I know Tom is a smart guy.
I know Tom is a smart boy.
I know Tom is a scoundrel.
I know Tom is a paramedic.
I know Tom is a nonsmoker.
I know Tom is a locksmith.
I know Tom is a lifeguard.
I know Tom is a librarian.
I know Tom is a gun owner.
I know Tom is a good cook.
I know Tom is a good chef.
I know Tom is a good boss.
I know Tom is a gentleman.
I know Tom is a foreigner.
I know Tom is a cat lover.
I know Tom is a carpenter.
I know Tom is a brave man.
I know Tom is a bit tipsy.
I know Tom is a bit naive.
I know Tom is a bit crazy.
I know Tom is a biologist.
I know Tom is a bartender.
I know Tom is a bad loser.
I know Tom is a bad coach.
I know Tom had to do that.
I know Tom does that, too.
I know Tom does that well.
I know Tom did that wrong.
I know Tom did that right.
I know Tom did that alone.
I know Tom agrees with me.
I knew today would be fun.
I knew that Tom was drunk.
I knew that Tom was a bum.
I knew someone would come.
I knew Tom wasn't kidding.
I knew Tom wasn't a bully.
I knew Tom was very angry.
I knew Tom was doing that.
I knew Tom was against it.
I knew Tom was a busy man.
I knew Tom was a bachelor.
I knew Tom had lied to us.
I have to leave on Monday.
I doubt we can prove that.
I don't think I hurt Mary.
I don't know if it's love.
I didn't know Tom retired.
I can't help anyone today.
I can do things Tom can't.
Everyone wants to do this.
Everyone wants to do that.
Everyone ought to do this.
Everyone ought to do that.
Everyone needs to do that.
Everyone knows we're rich.
Everyone is afraid of Tom.
Everybody knows it worked.
Everybody got off the bus.
Did you think I was funny?
Did you know Tom did that?
You know that I love you.
We know that you're sick.
We know that you're busy.
We know that you have it.
We aren't as rich as Tom.
We aren't as busy as Tom.
We all know you're angry.
Tom's mom is very strict.
Tom was born before Mary.
Tom thinks I'm his enemy.
Tom showed me his garden.
Tom says this is healthy.
Tom said this is healthy.
Tom said he wanted those.
Tom said Mary was stupid.
Tom said I was beautiful.
Tom knew he was handsome.
Tom has something I want.
Tom handed Mary the list.
Tom blew up the balloons.
Tom blew the balloons up.
Those are Tom's children.
People tell me I'm nosey.
People say that I'm evil.
People say that I'm dumb.
Nobody knows who did it.
No one knows your secret.
I've been told I'm a pig.
I think that this is a fake.
I know you aren't scared.
I know that you're upset.
I know that you're tired.
I know that you're there.
I know that you're happy.
I know that you're angry.
I know that you're a spy.
I know that you stole it.
I know that you miss Tom.
I know that you like Tom.
I know that you feel sad.
I know that you feel bad.
I know that you did this.
I know that you can swim.
I know that Tom is a spy.
I know that Tom is a bum.
I know that I'm rambling.
I know that I'm innocent.
I know that I can fix it.
I know Tom won't give up.
I know Tom might do that.
I know Tom isn't a rebel.
I know Tom isn't a rabbi.
I know Tom isn't a bully.
I know Tom is very lucky.
I know Tom is very angry.
I know Tom is unfriendly.
I know Tom is suspicious.
I know Tom is successful.
I know Tom is still busy.
I know Tom is ridiculous.
I know Tom is prejudiced.
I know Tom is photogenic.
I know Tom is persuasive.
I know Tom is overweight.
I know Tom is optimistic.
I know Tom is interested.
I know Tom is infuriated.
I know Tom is illiterate.
I know Tom is frustrated.
I know Tom is frightened.
I know Tom is downstairs.
I know Tom is delusional.
I know Tom is courageous.
I know Tom is colorblind.
I know Tom is busy today.
I know Tom is against it.
I know Tom is a wise man.
I know Tom is a southpaw.
I know Tom is a nice kid.
I know Tom is a nice guy.
I know Tom is a musician.
I know Tom is a mechanic.
I know Tom is a lazy kid.
I know Tom is a huge guy.
I know Tom is a good guy.
I know Tom is a gardener.
I know Tom is a freshman.
I know Tom is a cute kid.
I know Tom is a cool guy.
I know Tom is a busy man.
I know Tom is a bookworm.
I know Tom is a beginner.
I know Tom is a bad liar.
I know Tom is a bad cook.
I know Tom is a bad boss.
I know Tom is a bachelor.
I know Tom is a Canadian.
I know Tom has been sick.
I know Tom did that well.
I know Tom did that once.
I know I can be replaced.
I knew that that was Tom.
I knew Tom wouldn't come.
I knew Tom would help me.
I knew Tom wasn't hungry.
I knew Tom was very busy.
I knew Tom was in Boston.
I knew Tom was all alone.
I knew Tom was a painter.
I hope I can rely on you.
I doubt it's Tom's fault.
I do know it's not right.
I do know it isn't right.
I didn't know Tom smoked.
Everyone knows it worked.
Everybody should do this.
Everybody should do that.
Everybody knows that's Tom's car.
Everybody has to do that.
Everybody had to do this.
Everybody had to do that.
Don't you think I'm cute?
Do you think I'm strange?
You know that I'm wrong.
You know that I'm right.
You know that I hate it.
We know you're in there.
We know you lied to Tom.
We aren't as old as Tom.
Tom says he saw a ghost.
Tom says he can do that.
Tom said he wanted this.
Tom said he wanted that.
Tom knows he's handsome.
Tom is nice to everyone.
Tom is already thirteen.
Tom is a father himself.
Tom is a creative child.
Tom doesn't know I know.
Tom blew the balloon up.
People tell me I'm nosy.
Nobody knows we're here.
Nobody knows I like you.
No one knows I like you.
Make sure nobody enters.
Make sure no one enters.
Make sure Tom does that.
Let's hope you're cured.
I've been told I'm rude.
I'm sure Tom knows that.
I think this is the end.
I think this is genuine.
I think these are fakes.
I think that I know you.
I think Tom was shocked.
I know you aren't lying.
I know that you're near.
I know that you're hurt.
I know that you're here.
I know that you need it.
I know that you like me.
I know that you have it.
I know that you hate it.
I know that I packed it.
I know that I need help.
I know that I can do it.
I know Tom isn't a fool.
I know Tom is very busy.
I know Tom is unmarried.
I know Tom is terrified.
I know Tom is skeptical.
I know Tom is satisfied.
I know Tom is reputable.
I know Tom is plastered.
I know Tom is perplexed.
I know Tom is paralyzed.
I know Tom is obstinate.
I know Tom is observant.
I know Tom is obnoxious.
I know Tom is motivated.
I know Tom is irritated.
I know Tom is intrigued.
I know Tom is incorrect.
I know Tom is impressed.
I know Tom is impatient.
I know Tom is exhausted.
I know Tom is dishonest.
I know Tom is desperate.
I know Tom is depressed.
I know Tom is dangerous.
I know Tom is courteous.
I know Tom is confident.
I know Tom is concerned.
I know Tom is conceited.
I know Tom is ambitious.
I know Tom is all right.
I know Tom is all alone.
I know Tom is a widower.
I know Tom is a veteran.
I know Tom is a teacher.
I know Tom is a student.
I know Tom is a showoff.
I know Tom is a redneck.
I know Tom is a realist.
I know Tom is a plumber.
I know Tom is a painter.
I know Tom is a man now.
I know Tom is a liberal.
I know Tom is a janitor.
I know Tom is a gambler.
I know Tom is a dreamer.
I know Tom is a dentist.
I know Tom is a crybaby.
I know Tom is a butcher.
I know Tom is a bit shy.
I know I didn't do that.
I know I did that wrong.
I knew Tom was agnostic.
I knew Tom was agitated.
I knew Tom was a coward.
I knew Tom was a barber.
I knew I could beat Tom.
I doubt we can prove it.
Everyone should do this.
Everyone should do that.
Everyone knows that's Tom's car.
Everyone has to do that.
Everyone had to do this.
Everyone had to do that.
Tom set his glass down.
Tom said he could wait.
Tom said Mary was nice.
Tom said Mary was lazy.
Tom knew Mary was safe.
Tom hung up his jacket.
Tom gave his key to me.
Tom bought himself one.
Tom ate more than Mary.
Please don't interrupt.
I'm thirteen years old.
I wrote Tom a postcard.
I think Tom is a creep.
I noticed Tom was busy.
I know that you're mad.
I know that you're Tom.
I know that you'll win.
I know that you did it.
I know that I love you.
I know Tom may do that.
I know Tom isn't a fan.
I know Tom is unafraid.
I know Tom is ticklish.
I know Tom is thrilled.
I know Tom is talented.
I know Tom is stubborn.
I know Tom is stranded.
I know Tom is relieved.
I know Tom is reliable.
I know Tom is reckless.
I know Tom is prepared.
I know Tom is outraged.
I know Tom is obedient.
I know Tom is mistaken.
I know Tom is insecure.
I know Tom is homesick.
I know Tom is homeless.
I know Tom is handsome.
I know Tom is friendly.
I know Tom is famished.
I know Tom is divorced.
I know Tom is diabetic.
I know Tom is creative.
I know Tom is confused.
I know Tom is bluffing.
I know Tom is autistic.
I know Tom is artistic.
I know Tom is arrogant.
I know Tom is annoying.
I know Tom is after me.
I know Tom is a weirdo.
I know Tom is a surfer.
I know Tom is a smoker.
I know Tom is a skater.
I know Tom is a senior.
I know Tom is a rookie.
I know Tom is a racist.
I know Tom is a priest.
I know Tom is a potter.
I know Tom is a member.
I know Tom is a junior.
I know Tom is a grouch.
I know Tom is a genius.
I know Tom is a farmer.
I know Tom is a doctor.
I know Tom is a coward.
I know Tom is a barber.
I know I can trust Tom.
I knew Tom would panic.
I knew Tom wasn't busy.
I knew Tom was kidding.
I knew Tom was jealous.
I knew Tom was adopted.
I knew Tom was a bully.
I didn't know Tom swam.
Everyone knows that we don't know what we're doing.
Everyone here knows me.
Everybody respects Tom.
Do you think I look OK?
Dinner's not ready yet.
We know Tom likes you.
Tom said Mary was fat.
Tom is a creative kid.
Tom bought me a watch.
They know that I know.
I'm not sleepy at all.
I'm not at all sleepy.
I'll be in October.
I know you were right.
I know that you tried.
I know that I'm wrong.
I know that I'm early.
I know that I can win.
I know Tom rescued me.
I know Tom isn't rich.
I know Tom isn't dead.
I know Tom is unlucky.
I know Tom is thirsty.
I know Tom is strange.
I know Tom is starved.
I know Tom is sincere.
I know Tom is serious.
I know Tom is puzzled.
I know Tom is pleased.
I know Tom is patient.
I know Tom is outside.
I know Tom is nervous.
I know Tom is married.
I know Tom is jittery.
I know Tom is jealous.
I know Tom is healthy.
I know Tom is furious.
I know Tom is finicky.
I know Tom is engaged.
I know Tom is curious.
I know Tom is correct.
I know Tom is careful.
I know Tom is at home.
I know Tom is annoyed.
I know Tom is adopted.
I know Tom is a thief.
I know Tom is a rebel.
I know Tom is a prude.
I know Tom is a minor.
I know Tom is a loner.
I know Tom is a klutz.
I know Tom is a crook.
I know Tom is a creep.
I know Tom is a coach.
I know Tom is a bully.
I know Tom is a blond.
I know Tom hates cats.
I know I can beat Tom.
I knew it wasn't true.
I knew Tom would come.
I knew Tom was scared.
I knew Tom was in bed.
I knew Tom was hungry.
I knew Tom was afraid.
I knew Tom was a twin.
I knew Tom was a cook.
Who gave that to you?
Who gave that to Tom?
Tom says he can wait.
Tom said he was free.
Tom said he hit Mary.
Tom is a dad himself.
Those are Tom's kids.
No one wants to work.
Is someone out there?
I think Tom is a CPA.
I know you're clever.
I know Tom was right.
I know Tom loves you.
I know Tom is strong.
I know Tom is strict.
I know Tom is stoned.
I know Tom is stingy.
I know Tom is single.
I know Tom is lonely.
I know Tom is insane.
I know Tom is in bed.
I know Tom is guilty.
I know Tom is grumpy.
I know Tom is greedy.
I know Tom is famous.
I know Tom is biased.
I know Tom is afraid.
I know Tom is absent.
I know Tom is a wimp.
I know Tom is a twin.
I know Tom is a thug.
I know Tom is a snob.
I know Tom is a slob.
I know Tom is a liar.
I know Tom is a jerk.
I know Tom is a fool.
I know Tom is a cook.
I know Tom does that.
I knew Tom was drunk.
I knew Tom was a bum.
I knew Tom knew Mary.
I heard Tom was dead.
People say I'm evil.
People say I'm dumb.
I took off my shoes.
I took off my shirt.
I took my shirt off.
I think this is a fake.
I know that I'm fat.
I know Tom is young.
I know Tom is weird.
I know Tom is upset.
I know Tom is short.
I know Tom is ready.
I know Tom is picky.
I know Tom is lucky.
I know Tom is heavy.
I know Tom is funny.
I know Tom is drunk.
I know Tom is crazy.
I know Tom is broke.
I know Tom is brave.
I know Tom is bossy.
I know Tom is bored.
I know Tom is blind.
I know Tom is awake.
I know Tom is angry.
I know Tom is alone.
I know Tom is a spy.
I know Tom is a bum.
I know Tom hurt you.
I knew we'd be late.
God loves all of us.
Don't let anyone in.
I know you need it.
I know Tom is weak.
I know Tom is tall.
I know Tom is sick.
I know Tom is safe.
I know Tom is poor.
I know Tom is nice.
I know Tom is lost.
I know Tom is lazy.
I know Tom is kind.
I know Tom is home.
I know Tom is here.
I know Tom is deaf.
I know Tom is dead.
I know Tom is cold.
I know Tom is bald.
Fill up the bucket.
Everyone hates Tom.
Who gave Tom that?
These are my kids.
Nobody trusts Tom.
I took off my hat.
I took my hat off.
I put on my shirt.
I put my shoes on.
I put my shirt on.
I know Tom is out.
I know Tom is old.
I know Tom is odd.
I know Tom is mad.
I know I did that.
Hi, my name's Tom.
Where's your key?
I know Tom is OK.
God loves us all.
I put on my hat.
I know he's Tom.
We're soldiers.
Tom has kids.
Everyone knows we don't know what we're doing.
Everybody knows that we don't know what we're doing.
Everybody knows we don't know what we're doing.
Tom was just helping us out.
We really hope that you'll be there.
Tom told Mary what John was doing.
We won't have time to do that today.
Tom wasn't at all surprised.
We've never tried doing it that way.
Tom was there yesterday with Mary.
You don't seem to care what happens.
Tom will have a lot of help.
I almost left my umbrella on the bus.
Neither Tom nor Mary wears glasses.
I don't know where I'll be next year.
Tom will need a lot of help.
I don't know where my ski gloves are.
Tom and Mary spent all day arguing.
I don't know where my sunglasses are.
Why did Tom need a chainsaw?
I'm looking for a job that pays well.
Tom came because Mary asked him to.
It's going to get quite cold tonight.
Why does Tom want all these?
Let's either play backgammon or chess.
She has been in Japan for three years.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to resign.
Does Tom know that I want him to do that?
Do you think that Tom suspected anything?
Do you think that I should do that today?
Do Tom and Mary know you don't like them?
Didn't you know Tom saw you kissing Mary?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were dating?
Did you think that I was being too noisy?
Did you know Tom would be here this week?
Did you know Tom was in Boston last year?
Did you know Tom never does that anymore?
Did you know Tom doesn't like doing that?
Did you know Tom didn't agree to do that?
Both Tom and Mary know that that's a lie.
How did Tom know that Mary would do that?
How did Tom know that Mary could do that?
Everyone needs at least one close friend.
Everyone knows that Tom isn't happy here.
Everyone knows that Tom can speak French.
Everyone knows that I'm Tom's girlfriend.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to do that.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to be here.
Everyone knew Tom didn't like doing that.
Everyone here knows Tom doesn't eat pork.
Everyone except me was against that plan.
Don't forget that Tom is deaf in one ear.
Don't forget Tom can't understand French.
Don't forget Tom can't do that very well.
Don't be silly. You know that I love you.
Doesn't Tom know that you can't eat nuts?
I didn't know that I needed one of those.
I didn't even know that you were married.
I didn't even know that you spoke French.
I can't give you money that I don't have.
I can't believe that Tom ate a cockroach.
I called Tom to let him know I'd be late.
I buy things I know I'm not going to use.
I already know Tom isn't a very nice guy.
I already knew that Tom couldn't do that.
How do I know you're not working for Tom?
How do I know that you'll keep your word?
How did you know that you had to do that?
How did you know Tom knew how to do that?
How did you know that Tom had to do that?
How did you know that I wouldn't do that?
How did you know I wanted you to do that?
How did Tom know that you were in Boston?
I didn't know Tom had to do that anymore.
I didn't know Tom got injured doing that.
I didn't know Tom expected me to do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't like doing that.
I didn't know Tom did that intentionally.
I didn't know Tom could actually do that.
I didn't know Tom would let Mary do that.
I didn't know Tom would do that for Mary.
I didn't know Tom would be at your party.
I didn't know Tom was such a good dancer.
I didn't know Tom was still working here.
I didn't know Tom was interested in jazz.
I didn't know Tom was good at doing that.
I didn't know Tom was going to Australia.
I didn't know Tom was a dental assistant.
I didn't know Tom was a Canadian citizen.
I didn't know Tom wanted to do that here.
I didn't know Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I didn't know Tom used to be a policeman.
I didn't know Tom should do that himself.
I didn't know that Tom saw us doing that.
I didn't know Tom said that he'd do that.
I didn't know that Tom said he'd do that.
I didn't know that you were unhappy here.
I didn't know that you were still single.
I didn't know that you were so ambitious.
I didn't know that you were back in town.
I didn't know that you were a vegetarian.
I didn't know you had to do that so soon.
I didn't know that you guys were friends.
I didn't know you expected me to do that.
I didn't know you did that by yourselves.
I didn't know that you could run so fast.
I didn't know we'd have to do that today.
You should let Tom know you can't drive.
You should let Tom know you can do that.
You should let Tom know Mary will drive.
I know Tom is about the same age as I am.
I know Tom is a very talented songwriter.
I know Tom is a very old friend of yours.
I know Tom is a pretty unique individual.
I know Tom is a pretty good photographer.
I know Tom is a pretty good chess player.
I know Tom is a personal friend of yours.
I know Tom is a person that we can trust.
I know Tom is a man who gets things done.
I know Tom is a lot younger than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than you are.
I know Tom is a lot smarter than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than you are.
I know Tom is a lot shorter than Mary is.
I know Tom is a lot older than my father.
I know Tom is a little under the weather.
I know Tom is a hard person to say no to.
I know Tom is a faster swimmer than Mary.
I know Tom is a fairly good photographer.
I know Tom is a bit younger than Mary is.
I know Tom is a bit shorter than Mary is.
I know Tom is a better teacher than Mary.
I know Tom is a better swimmer than Mary.
I know Tom is a better swimmer than I am.
I know Tom is a better student than Mary.
I know Tom is a better drummer than Mary.
I know Tom hardly ever does that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that again.
I know Tom doesn't often do that anymore.
I know Tom doesn't know where I did that.
I know Tom doesn't know when we did that.
I know Tom doesn't know I should do that.
I know Tom doesn't know I didn't do that.
I know Tom doesn't have to do that today.
I know Tom does that at least once a day.
I know Tom didn't really want to do that.
I know Tom didn't really need to do that.
I know Tom didn't really have to do that.
I know Tom didn't know you could do that.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary did that.
I know Tom didn't know we should do that.
I know Tom didn't know we had to do that.
I know Tom didn't know we didn't do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you did that.
I know Tom didn't know he should do that.
I know Tom didn't know he had to do that.
I know Tom didn't intentionally do that.
I know Tom did that to make Mary jealous.
I know Tom could've done that on his own.
I know Tom could've done that by himself.
I know Tom could do that if he wanted to.
I know Tom could do that if he needed to.
I know Tom could be doing that right now.
I know Tom can't stop me from doing that.
I know Tom can't do that without my help.
I know Tom can't do that as well as Mary.
I know Tom can stop Mary from doing that.
I know Tom can keep Mary from doing that.
I know Tom can help us do that next week.
I know Tom can do that better than I can.
I know Tom and only Tom wants to do that.
I know Tom and only Tom needs to do that.
I know Tom and Mary didn't sing together.
I know Tom and Mary both want to do that.
I know Tom and Mary are as happy as I am.
I know I need to do that before too long.
I know I might not have to do that today.
I knew Tom wouldn't mind if you did that.
I knew Tom would really enjoy doing that.
I knew Tom would get mad if you did that.
I knew that Tom would do that right away.
I knew that Tom would do that by himself.
I knew Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I knew Tom would be permitted to do that.
I knew Tom would be motivated to do that.
I knew Tom would be fired for doing that.
I knew Tom would be doing that yesterday.
I knew Tom would be doing that with Mary.
I knew Tom wasn't through doing that yet.
I knew Tom wasn't going to wait for Mary.
I knew Tom wasn't going to do that today.
I knew Tom wasn't going to do that again.
I knew that Tom wasn't afraid to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't afraid of anybody.
I knew that Tom wasn't a Vietnam veteran.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good coach.
I knew Tom wasn't a very creative person.
I knew Tom wasn't a reckless young fellow.
I knew that Tom was upstairs in his room.
I knew Tom was the only one who did that.
I knew Tom was supposed to be doing that.
I knew that Tom was reluctant to do that.
I knew Tom was planning to do that today.
I knew that Tom was motivated to do that.
I knew that Tom was heating up leftovers.
I knew Tom was going to enjoy doing that.
I knew that Tom was desperate to do that.
I knew Tom was afraid to leave his house.
I knew Tom was afraid that he'd get lost.
I knew that Tom was afraid of Mary's dog.
I knew Tom was afraid of his grandfather.
I knew Tom was afraid of catching a cold.
I knew that Tom was afraid he'd get lost.
I knew that Tom was active in his church.
I knew that Tom was about to fall asleep.
I knew Tom was able to understand French.
I knew that Tom was a really good singer.
I knew that Tom was a compulsive gambler.
I knew that Tom was a child psychologist.
I knew that Tom told Mary not to do that.
I knew Tom told Mary he couldn't do that.
I knew that Tom ought to do that outside.
I knew Tom might've done that on purpose.
I knew that Tom might do that by himself.
I knew Tom might be reluctant to do that.
I knew Tom might be permitted to do that.
I knew that Tom might be able to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary kept doing that.
I knew Tom knew why I did that by myself.
I knew Tom knew why he shouldn't do that.
I knew Tom knew who was going to do that.
I knew that Tom knew who did that for us.
I knew that Tom knew who did that for me.
I knew Tom knew when I wanted to do that.
I knew that Tom hadn't agreed to do that.
I knew that Tom had to do that yesterday.
I knew that Tom had forgotten to do that.
I knew that Tom had done that by himself.
I knew that Tom expected Mary to do that.
I knew Tom didn't really want to do that.
I knew Tom didn't really need to do that.
I knew Tom didn't really have to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know you had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't know you did that.
I knew Tom didn't know that you did that.
I knew that Tom didn't intend to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't do that with Mary.
I knew that Tom didn't do that very much.
I knew that Tom didn't do that on Monday.
I knew that Tom couldn't legally do that.
I knew Tom could do that if he wanted to.
I knew Tom could do that if he needed to.
I knew that Tom could do that by himself.
I hope you have a good time at the party.
I hope you enjoy yourselves this evening.
I hope Tom hasn't been seriously injured.
I hope we didn't make the right decision.
I hear Tom and Mary are getting divorced.
I have something that I want to show you.
I have something that I need to show you.
I expected that Tom wouldn't do anything.
I doubt that we'll be able to prove that.
I doubt Tom will do that on October 20th.
I doubt Tom will be home on October 20th.
I doubt that Tom will be able to do that.
I doubt Tom will admit that he was wrong.
I doubt that Tom will admit he was wrong.
I doubt Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I doubt that Tom wanted to do that again.
I doubt that Tom really wants to do that.
I doubt Tom really wants to do that here.
I doubt that Tom really plans to do that.
I doubt Tom really planned on doing that.
I don't want Tom to know I can't do that.
I don't think Tom would do that with you.
I don't think Tom will refuse to do that.
I don't think Tom will do that with Mary.
I don't think Tom will do that next week.
I don't think Tom will ask me to do that.
I don't think that Tom really meant that.
I don't think Tom needs to do that again.
I don't think that Tom is too old for me.
I don't think Tom has actually done that.
I don't think Tom could actually do that.
I don't think Tom can help you with that.
I don't think I've done anything illegal.
I don't think I can finish the job alone.
I don't know if Tom will be there or not.
I don't know anyone who doesn't like Tom.
I don't care if Tom comes with us or not.
I don't believe that I know your parents.
I didn't want anybody to know I was here.
I didn't think you would want to do that.
I didn't think you would need to do that.
I didn't think you would have to do that.
I didn't think Tom would do that anymore.
I didn't think that I'd enjoy doing that.
I didn't know that you'd be back so soon.
I didn't know you would do that with Tom.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be there.
We both left our umbrellas at school.
Tom almost fell off the roof.
We won't have time to help you today.
Tom didn't expect Mary to help him.
What are you going to name your baby?
Tom always does that with me.
Why do you like wearing hats so much?
We headed up onto the roof.
He's with two girls.
I don't go shopping as often as I used to.
Tom stood still for a moment.
I don't go swimming as often as I used to.
Tom didn't want Mary driving his car.
I don't know how long the party will last.
Tom traveled a lot last year.
I had trouble hearing what was being said.
Tom doesn't even know what Mary does.
Hans Christian Andersen is the most known Danish writer in Kabylia.
Some stories by Hans Christian Andersen have been translated into Kabyle.
Tom didn't let Mary drive him home.
You can't blame me for being curious.
Tom and I can't speak French.
You can't blame us for being curious.
Tom didn't say where he'd met Mary.
You didn't need to get here so early.
Norway is a very beautiful country. I'd like to visit it.
Tom came home after midnight.
I can't afford to buy that this month.
Tom spent all evening on the phone.
I don't know how much time it'll take.
I don't know where we'll be next year.
Tom didn't tell us the truth.
I haven't been fishing in a long time.
Nietzsche said: The belief in truth begins with the doubt of all truths in which one has previously believed.
Nietzsche said: There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
Tom bought a flower for Mary.
I got in the shower and got undressed.
I shut the water off.
Tom never told Mary why he did that.
Let's play either backgammon or chess.
Tom didn't want to look weak.
Neither of my parents is still living.
Tom sat opposite Mary at the table.
Neither of my parents went to college.
Tom doesn't go to school yet.
We didn't have to do that, but we did.
Tom showed me the letter from Mary.
We didn't need to do that, but we did.
Tom doesn't like living here.
We haven't learned how to do that yet.
Tom bought Mary a rose.
Treat others the way you want to be treated.
A U.S. government report says the impacts of climate change, including powerful storms, droughts and wildfires, are worsening in the United States.
"Future risks from climate change depend primarily on decisions made today," the report said.
The report predicts that climate change will cost the U.S. economy hundreds of billions of dollars by the end of the century if no efforts are made to curb its effects and says global warming will disproportionately hurt the poor.
This year's National Climate Assessment is the fourth time the U.S. government has issued a comprehensive look at climate change.
Thirteen government departments and agencies, including the Department of Agriculture and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), were part of a committee of more than researchers who compiled the National Climate Assessment .
The Trump administration has rolled back several environmental regulations put in place during former President Barack Obama's administration and has promoted the production of fossil fuels.
Last year, Trump announced his intention to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement, which had been signed by nearly nations to combat climate change.
Trump, as well as several members of his Cabinet, have also cast doubt on the science of climate change, saying the causes of global warming are not yet settled.
When Meredith bought this northern Texas land several years ago, it was overgrazed and overrun with weeds. Now, shes thrilled to find a dark green blob of fungus she rolls under her sparkly-nail-polished thumb.
Meredith picks a tiny patch of green moss from between clumps of tall brown grass gone dormant with the fall chill. Look at all these little bits of biodiversity, she said. Thats like a little fantasy world going on in there.
Scientists warn that the world needs to do more than just stop producing greenhouse gases in order to avoid the worst of climate change. Carbon dioxide needs to be actively removed from the atmosphere in order to keep the planet from potentially catastrophic warming.
Grasslands and the soils beneath them act as giant carbon sinks, the report notes. But not if they are overgrazed.
Tom's favorite number is 7.
Tom's favorite number is seven.
Tom's favourite number is 7.
Earths climate is now changing faster than at any point in the history of modern civilization, primarily as a result of human activities.
The impacts of global climate change are already being felt in the United States and are projected to intensify in the futurebut the severity of future impacts will depend largely on actions taken to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to adapt to the changes that will occur.
Americans increasingly recognize the risks climate change poses to their everyday lives and livelihoods and are beginning to respond.
Water managers in the Colorado River Basin have mobilized users to conserve water in response to ongoing drought intensified by higher temperatures.
The state of Hawaii is developing management options to promote coral reef recovery from widespread bleaching events caused by warmer waters that threaten tourism, fisheries, and coastal protection from wind and waves.
Climate-related risks will continue to grow without additional action.
Decisions made today determine risk exposure for current and future generations and will either broaden or limit options to reduce the negative consequences of climate change.
Climate shapes where and how we live and the environment around us.
Natural ecosystems, agricultural systems, water resources, and the benefits they provide to society are adapted to past climate conditions and their natural range of variability.
The assumption that current and future climate conditions will resemble the recent past is no longer valid.
Observations collected around the world provide significant, clear, and compelling evidence that global average temperature is much higher, and is rising more rapidly, than anything modern civilization has experienced, with widespread and growing impacts.
The warming trend observed over the past century can only be explained by the effects that human activities, especially emissions of greenhouse gases, have had on the climate.
Climate change is transforming where and how we live and presents growing challenges to human health and quality of life, the economy, and the natural systems that support us.
Climate change threatens to exacerbate existing social and economic inequalities.
High temperature extremes and heavy precipitation events are increasing.
Glaciers and snow cover are shrinking.
Sea ice is retreating.
Seas are warming, rising, and becoming more acidic.
Marine species are moving to new locations toward cooler waters.
Flooding is becoming more frequent along the U.S. coastline.
Growing seasons are lengthening.
Wildfires are increasing.
These and many other changes are clear signs of a warming world.
Annual average temperatures have increased by 1.8F across the contiguous United States since the beginning of the 20th century.
Alaska is warming faster than any other state and has warmed twice as fast as the global average since the mid-20th century.
The season length of heat waves in many U.S. cities has increased by over days since the 1960s.
Annual median sea level along the U.S. coast has increased by about inches since the early 20th century as oceans have warmed and land ice has melted.
Fish, shellfish, and other marine species along the Northeast coast and in the eastern Bering Sea have, on average, moved northward and to greater depths toward cooler waters since the early 1980s.
Oceans are currently absorbing more than a quarter of the carbon dioxide emitted to the atmosphere annually by human activities, increasing their acidity.
Scientists have understood the fundamental physics of climate change for almost years.
In the 1850s, researchers demonstrated that carbon dioxide and other naturally occurring greenhouse gases in the atmosphere prevent some of the heat radiating from Earths surface from escaping to space: this is known as the greenhouse effect.
Since the late 19th century, humans have released an increasing amount of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere through burning fossil fuels and, to a lesser extent, deforestation and land-use change. As a result, the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide, the largest contributor to human-caused warming, has increased by about 40% over the industrial era.
This change in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration has intensified the natural greenhouse effect, driving an increase in global surface temperatures and other widespread changes in Earths climate that are unprecedented in the history of modern civilization.
Greenhouse gas emissions from human activities are the only factors that can account for the observed warming over the last century; there are no credible alternative human or natural explanations supported by the observational evidence.
Without human activities, the influence of natural factors alone would actually have had a slight cooling effect on global climate over the last years.
Greenhouse gas emissions from human activities will continue to affect Earths climate for decades and even centuries.
Humans are adding carbon dioxide to the atmosphere at a rate far greater than it is removed by natural processes, creating a long-lived reservoir of the gas in the atmosphere and oceans that is driving the climate to a warmer and warmer state.
Climate models representing our understanding of historical and current climate conditions are often used to project how our world will change under future conditions.
Do you notice anything different?
Notice anything different?
Notice anything different about me?
Do you notice anything different about me?
"Do you notice anything different about me?" asked Mary.
Today, the largest uncertainty in projecting future climate conditions is the level of greenhouse gas emissions going forward. Future global greenhouse gas emissions levels and resulting impacts depend on economic, political, and demographic factors that can be difficult to predict with confidence far into the future.
Many of the decisions we make every day are based on less-than-perfect knowledge.
Many of the decisions we make every day are based on less-than-perfect knowledge. For example, while GPS-based applications on smartphones can provide a travel-time estimate for our daily drive to work, an unexpected factor like a sudden downpour or fender bender might mean a ride originally estimated to be minutes could actually take longer.
Uncertainty is also a part of science.
A key goal of scientific research is to increase our confidence and reduce the uncertainty in our understanding of the world around us.
Studying Earths climate system is particularly challenging because it integrates many aspects of a complex natural system as well as many human-made systems.
While there is inherent uncertainty in climate science, there is high confidence in our understanding of the greenhouse effect and the knowledge that human activities are changing the climate in unprecedented ways. There is enough information to make decisions based on that understanding.
With substantial and sustained reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, the increase in global annual average temperature relative to preindustrial times could be limited to less than 3.6F (2C).
Without significant greenhouse gas mitigation, the increase in global annual average temperature could reach 9F or more by the end of this century.
Climate change is a risk management challenge for society; it presents uncertainand potentially severeconsequences for natural and human systems across generations.
Tom was obviously trying to cheer me up.
Tom was obviously trying to cheer Mary up.
Mary was obviously trying to cheer me up.
Mary was obviously trying to cheer Tom up.
Tom was trying to cheer Mary up.
Do you notice anything different about Tom?
Did you notice anything different about Tom?
Did you notice anything different about me?
Tom wrote in all caps.
Tom wrote in ALL CAPS.
Tom wrote in all capital letters.
Tom wrote a message in all caps.
Tom wrote a message in all capital letters.
Mitigation and adaptation activities can be considered complementary strategiesmitigation efforts can reduce future risks, while adaptation can minimize the consequences of changes that are already happening as a result of past and present greenhouse gas emissions.
Without more significant global greenhouse gas mitigation and regional adaptation efforts, climate change is expected to cause substantial losses to infrastructure and property and impede the rate of economic growth over this century .
"Do you notice anything different about me?" "Um... you cut your hair?"
"Do you notice anything different about me?" "Er... you cut your hair?"
"Do you notice anything different about me?" "Did you cut your hair?"
"Do you notice anything different about me?" "Um... Did you cut your hair?" "No, I bought some new glasses."
I need some new glasses.
Tom got a haircut and some new glasses.
As humans have moved closer to forestlands, increased fire suppression practices have reduced natural fires and led to denser vegetation, resulting in fires that are larger and more damaging when they do occur.
Recent extreme events demonstrate the vulnerabilities of interconnected economic sectors to increasing risks from climate change.
In 2017, Hurricane Harvey dumped an unprecedented amount of rainfall over the greater Houston area, some of which has been attributed to human-induced climate change. Resulting power outages had cascading effects on critical infrastructure facilities such as hospitals and water and wastewater treatment plants.
In the Caribbean, Hurricanes Irma and Maria caused catastrophic damage to infrastructure, including the complete failure of Puerto Ricos power grid.
The death toll in Puerto Rico grew in the three months following Marias landfall on the island due in part to the lack of electricity and potable water as well as access to medical facilities and medical care.
Without significant adaptation measures, many coastal cities in the Southeast are expected to experience daily high tide flooding by the end of the century.
In Alaska, thawing of permafrost is responsible for severe damage to roads, buildings, and pipelines that will be costly to replace, especially in remote parts of Alaska.
Tom sent Mary a picture of his new kitten.
Tom sent Mary a picture of his kitten.
Mary sent Tom a picture of her kitten.
Mary sent Tom a picture of her cat.
Tom sent Mary a picture of the kitten.
Tom took a picture of the kitten.
Tom sent Mary a picture of his cat.
Tom showed Mary a picture of his cat.
Tom sent Mary a picture of the view from his hotel window.
Tom looked at the white sandy beach and swaying palm fronds.
This island is a tropical paradise.
Christmas decorations are going up.
Tom didn't just change jobs.
Tom didn't just change jobs. He got fired.
Tom pushed the door.
Tom flung the door open.
Mary flung the door open.
Tom suddenly flung the door open.
These baby swans are cute.
These cygnets are cute.
What is your GPA?
What is Tom's GPA?
Yields of major U.S. crops (such as corn, soybeans, wheat, rice, sorghum, and cotton) are expected to decline over this century as a consequence of increases in temperatures and possibly changes in water availability and disease and pest outbreaks.
The workers unionized.
The plant workers unionized.
Christmas decorations were going up.
Tom kicked down the door.
Razor clamming draws crowds on the coast of Washington State. This popular recreation activity is expected to decline due to ocean acidification, harmful algal blooms, warmer temperatures, and habitat degradation
Razor clamming draws crowds on the coast of Washington State.
Climate change is aiding the spread of invasive species.
The cable snapped.
The elevator cable snapped.
A cold snap is expected this week.
I couldn't believe that this was really happening.
Tom couldn't believe that this was really happening.
Was Tom really abducted by aliens?
Have you been holding out on us?
Have you been holding out on me?
Black Friday is the busiest shopping day of the year.
Tom went home for Thanksgiving.
Tom went over to Mary's house for Thanksgiving dinner.
Tom came home for the Thanksgiving weekend.
With continued warming, cold-related deaths are projected to decrease and heat-related deaths are projected to increase.
I never heard from him after that.
I never heard from her after that.
I never heard from Tom after that.
All of the children came home for Thanksgiving.
I thank you for your assistance.
How are you and the family doing?
Tom paused for a second.
Tom listened to some relaxing music.
He will always love him.
She will always love her.
She will always love him.
She enjoys horseback riding.
Tom is a techie.
Tom works for a tech company.
She couldn't believe this was really happening.
She couldn't believe that this was really happening.
Tom couldn't believe this was really happening.
Tom couldn't help but wonder if it was a dream.
Mary couldn't help but wonder if it was a dream.
Is this really happening to me?
Call me Ishmael, Tom.
You have until tomorrow to decide.
Tom took Mary's hand, brought it to his lips and kissed it.
That's not going to fly with Tom.
That's not going to fly with Mary.
This is not going to fly with Tom.
My mother couldn't stand the ticking of the clock that she kept on the mantel in our family home. Since she could never prove who had done it, winding it up was a way for me to exact revenge.
I've said all I have to say.
I've done all I'm going to do.
I've eaten all I'm going to eat.
I've bought everything I was planning to buy.
I've said everything I was planning to say.
I've given you everything you've asked for.
Tom wanted Mary to sing him a song.
We need you to help us this afternoon.
Tom's hands and feet were tied.
Both of my parents were born in Boston.
Tom was Mary's assistant last year.
I don't like watching subtitled movies.
Tom has never gone to school.
I don't want to know anything about it.
Tom won't want to sit next to Mary.
I don't yet know what needs to be done.
Tom and I pushed the car as hard as we could, but it wouldn't budge.
Everybody knows that Tom was the one who broke the window.
Everybody knows Tom was the one who broke the window.
Red peppers make my mouth burn.
If it were up to me, I would pull out of the deal.
If you don't pull up your pants, something will be showing that you don't want seen.
I wish that you hadn't told me that.
I know Tom wasn't joking.
It seems Tom knows that Mary did that.
Tom has outlived three wives.
I've done many things I shouldn't have.
Tom and Mary came to Boston with me.
It looks like we might have to do that.
Tom hates it when we do that.
Neither of my parents can speak French.
All of Tom's classmates waited for him.
None of Tom's classmates waited for him.
None of Tom's teammates seemed to like him very much.
All of Tom's teammates seem to like him.
All of Tom's teammates seem to respect him.
None of Tom's teammates seem to like him very much.
He probably lost his mind.
Kheloui Louns is a great Kabyle singer of popular music.
Amirouche is a committed Kabyle singer who criticizes dictatorship and Islamism in his songs.
The great Kabyle singer Matoub Louns criticized the dictatorship and even dared to criticize Islam. But when he dared to speak of the right of peoples to self-determination, and thus to the Kabyle people to have their state, he was assassinated by Algerian authorities.
They should've stayed away.
I am Algerian and proud of it.
We are Algerian.
Tom missed the last train home.
For decades, Americans have migrated toward urban areas seeking opportunities, emptying out large swaths of countryside.
For decades, Americans have migrated toward urban areas seeking opportunities, emptying out large swaths of countryside. In their wake, they have left shrinking communities that struggle to support multiple businesses, schools and hospitals.
As family farms have consolidated into megafarms run by large corporations, rural residents have moved to cities like Des Moines, the state capital, or left the state altogether.
Mallard, Iowa, located in northwest Iowa, has a population of about 265.
The northwest region of Iowa has been hit especially hard, forcing those who remain to drive farther and farther for things like groceries, education and health care.
At its peak, the town of Mallard hosted several grocery stores and restaurants, four churches, a cinema and two schools, one of them private. Today, its population of about supports little more than a gas station and a couple of bars.
The 100-year-old Catholic Church closed last summer, and the public school will close next year, forcing students to ride on buses to a neighboring town.
Were used to it. Its not any big deal to us to have to travel a little ways, she said. In her case, a little ways can mean a two-hour drive.
When Lanning learned she would be giving birth to twins, she was told that she could either schedule a cesarean section at her nearest hospital, about kilometers (miles) away, or travel to a better-equipped hospital kilometers (miles) away. She and her husband, John, chose to make the long drive and avoid the C-section.
Former horse trainer assistant Kayla Lanning had to drive miles (km) to deliver twins last year. They are now being treated by a specialist at yet another hospital, miles (km) away.
Many hospitals dont even have an ultrasound machine to check the status of a baby, said Mandsager, the medical director of obstetrics at Mercy Medical Center in Des Moines.
He travels about kilometers (miles) each month to pay weekly visits to patients in rural health care centers.
According to a University of Minnesota study published earlier this year, million reproductive-age women live in Americas rural counties, but over half of these counties have no hospital where a woman can give birth.
As for whether couples may be dissuaded from settling in smaller towns because of these longer commutes, Lanning said it didnt factor into her decision. We are so grounded here. John grew up here, and everything we know and do is here. So yeah, that doesnt affect that, she said.
Cicadas only emerge after a prime number of years.
Tom slept at the office.
Mary went to the nail salon.
That was so fun!
Tom and Mary make a good team.
That was so fun.
Thanks, Tom. That was so fun.
Tom took a picture with his smartphone.
Tom took a picture with his phone.
Tom took a selfie with his smartphone.
Tom took a selfie with his phone.
Mary took a picture with her smartphone.
I've eaten all that I'm going to eat.
I've done all that I'm going to do.
We have a lot of work to do before we can go home.
Tom and Mary were eating in silence.
We haven't been fishing in a long time.
Tom is a cold-hearted person.
All of my grandparents are still living.
Tom and Mary were utterly surprised.
I can't remember where I parked the car.
Tom is a very good carpenter.
I don't know where we'll live next year.
Tom didn't know what Mary was up to.
I don't want to learn French or English.
Tom is doing something wrong.
I don't want to study French or English.
Tom didn't like Mary's jokes at all.
I try to avoid arguments whenever I can.
Tom is in a hurry to do that.
We can't tolerate that kind of behavior.
We don't do that as often as we used to.
Tom is our best investigator.
We haven't been swimming in a long time.
Tom fell asleep thinking about Mary.
Why don't you ride your bicycle to work?
I tossed Tom the ball.
Give a tissue to Tom.
Like attracts like.
The Kurds have no country of their own.
Who could have sent roses to Mariska?
I'm sticking my neck out to help you.
You're living in a dream world.
I understand everything.
Give me any pencil.
Sometimes it would be good to be a believer.
He just lies there and feeds his face.
Tomatoes like a little phosphate.
The tannery used to discharge effluent straight into the river.
We'd really like to help you, but our hands are tied.
Tom knows the city very well.
How many changes of clothes did you pack?
Tom reminded Mary to be more polite.
I don't go hunting as often as I used to.
Tom lives in an old building.
I don't go jogging as often as I used to.
Are you both bachelors?
You don't know shit about me.
My ego was hurt.
He likes hurting my ego.
When the sacral vertebrae are fused into a single structure, it is called the sacrum.
It's good that everything turned out the way it did.
He has an inferiority complex, doesn't he?
I'm getting married next Saturday.
She's tall and strong.
She was throwing up pizza.
I didn't see them.
She is studying Portuguese in Brazil.
No doubt she will pass the examination.
She was born in the United States.
My name is not Eve.
When will your father come home?
Tom is dead to me.
Tom is dead to us.
The use of forced perspective with the leaning tower of Pisa is very popular among tourists.
Everyone knew that Tom was lying.
Has the future bride chosen her dinnerware pattern?
Are you all three brothers?
We are on the eighth floor.
They must admit their guilt.
As soon as the child saw its mother, it stopped crying.
Why didn't you wash your hands?
Tom told Maria that she was fat and ugly.
Today I'm not feeling well.
She admired Tom's courage.
The grey fox had a silver tongue. He was as clever as he was smart.
I led the negotiations myself.
I admit that it was my oversight.
The photograph is a little blurry.
There are no good flags, only good people working together to enrich each other and their society.
I've done all I had to do.
I've done all I needed to do.
Tom thought about Mary all the time.
I don't go surfing as often as I used to.
Tom looks tired this morning.
I don't know how much it's going to cost.
Tom was sleeping when Mary got home.
I don't know how to get out of this mess.
Tom offered to lend me money.
I don't play chess as often as I used to.
Tom and Mary are constantly fighting.
I don't remember how to use the shredder.
Everyone knew Tom was lying.
Everybody knew that Tom was lying.
Everybody knew Tom was lying.
Do you know Waleed Al-Husseini, the Palestinian essayist who is threatened with death by Muslim fanatics?
Do you know Sherif Gaber, the Egyptian blogger who shares his scientific and humorous videos about Islam?
Do you know Brother "Rachid", the famous Christian intellectual who helped many Muslims understand true Islam?
Tom ordered something to eat.
I knew that eventually this would happen.
Tom and Mary are like John and Alice.
Neither of my parents can sing very well.
Tom put oregano on the pizza.
None of my grandparents are still living.
Do you know Anne-Marie Delcambre, the French Islamologist who laid bare Muslim dogma?
Do you know Hamed Abdel-Samad, the Germano-Egyptian intellectual who dared to criticize Islam, who is very appreciated by all the secular Arabic speakers?
Do you know Ibn "Warraq", the Indian intellectual who dared to criticize Islam when he wrote his book "Why I Am Not a Muslim"?
Do you know Salman Rushdie, the Iranian intellectual who dared to criticize Islam in his bestseller "The satanic verses"?
Do you know Michel "Onfray", the French philosopher who dared to criticize Islam in his book "Thinking Islam"?
Do you know Majid Oukacha, the French podcaster who dared to criticize Islam and who is threatened now?
Do you know Umm Qirfa, the 80-year-old Arab poetess who was murdered by Muhammad?
Do you know Voltaire, the French philosopher, who dared to criticize Islamic dogma?
Who has read Richard Dawkins' book "The God Delusion"?
Sometimes I run into Tom at the club.
Do you know that Stephen Hawking did not believe in God at the end of his life?
Do you know that Wafa Sultan was threatened with death after revealing the truth about Islam?
Tom asked Mary to stay where she was.
We don't know where we'll live next year.
Tom really enjoys doing that.
We need to do the important things first.
Tom asked Mary why she'd left Boston.
All of my classmates are taller than I am.
Tom refused to talk about it.
Both of my parents don't know how to swim.
Did you hear about Hamid Zanaz, who had the courage to criticize Islam?
Have you read one of Sam Harris's books?
I advise you to read Christopher Hitchens's books.
Do you know what Mustafa Kemal Atatrk thinks about Islam?
I advise you to read the poetry of the great Omar Khayym. You will see what he thinks of Islam!
Who told you that the genius Al-Razi was a Muslim?
Read Al-Razi and you'll see if he was a Muslim.
Avicenna was not Muslim, contrary to what they say.
Averroes severely criticized Islam, which is why he was persecuted.
He's had a hard life.
The spare tyre is in the boot.
I mistook you for your older brother.
To tell the truth, I hate him.
Ibn Tufail also criticized Islam through a literary process called allegory.
All I want is to make you happy.
I really hate snakes.
I'm not happy about this situation.
You've made too many mistakes.
You made too many mistakes.
They don't care about doing harm to themselves.
He says he's my friend, but then he totally hung me out to dry in that meeting!
The boss was really angry at Billie. He yelled at him and hung him out to dry.
Not one word of support as the boss tore into me!
It was his own party who hung him out to dry for losing the election.
Can we smoke here?
Much respect to you.
Hear ye!
Encore!
Hey!
Insanity!
Lie down.
Fag.
It's drizzling a little.
So they say.
Start training!
A house!
It's really snowing.
It's getting brighter.
You little thief!
Nothing!
To the table!
No question!
It really stinks.
Another!
Bow down!
Bastards!
Suckers!
Buffoon!
Clown!
Fight back!
Go choke.
Scandalous!
Criminals!
Buffoons!
Clowns!
Sleazebag!
Sucker!
Traitor!
Lunatic!
Madwoman!
Call.
Laugh!
Sleep.
Much respect.
Tom has a very distinct idiolect.
The climate here is the same as in France.
John headed off to France yesterday.
Does it come from France?
The boy threw stones at me.
My uncle gave him a gift.
Tom doesn't like pets.
How are you holding up in this heat?
He's the only friend I trust.
If you want, I'll visit you tomorrow.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so kind.
Don't expect us to wait for you next time.
Tom slammed the door angrily.
Everyone in my family can ride a unicycle.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so nice.
I'll never forget what you've done for us.
Tom was first one to do that.
I've already decided what I'm going to do.
Tom doesn't have to worry about Mary.
My eyes aren't as good as they used to be.
What about tomorrow night?
Santa Claus comes to see us once every year.
Santa Claus is coming to town.
Santa Claus comes to see us once a year.
Santa Claus comes to see us every year.
Santa Claus may not come to see us this year.
Santa Claus came into the house through the chimney.
Does Tom still believe in Santa Claus?
This is a heartwarming story.
When is Santa Claus coming?
Santa Claus came down the chimney.
Why isn't the smoke going up the chimney like it's supposed to?
Our chimney is made of bricks.
I could see smoke coming out of Tom's chimney.
We need to clean our chimney.
Tom choked on his water.
Mary choked on her water.
We found a bird's nest in our chimney.
How can I keep birds from nesting in my chimney?
I came to work this morning with a hangover.
Mary wants me to give her driving lessons.
What's the best cure for a hangover?
Truth will always prevail.
The United States uses tear gas on toddlers whose parents legally seek asylum.
Will he come?
Throw the keys.
Do you speak Faroese?
You cannot leave like that.
He told her many lies.
I'd sooner have no salt than too much.
His hobby is religion.
Her hobby is religion.
I believe in you, and this is enough for me.
The wine is fermenting.
Excuse me, when is it?
There isn't anything to say, everyone already knows the truth.
That was his only consolation.
The girls are brushing their hair.
Tom opened the boot of the car.
Only when I visited The Happy did I realize that I'm unhappy.
Tom is the missing link in the chain between humans and apes.
He is the biggest man in the world.
There's nothing I really have to do today.
Tom doesn't want Mary drive him home.
We want you to help us tomorrow afternoon.
Tom was thrown off his horse.
We won't be able to finish this job today.
I'd rather have no salt than too much.
"Let's go see a movie tonight?" "I can't. I'm busy." "What about tomorrow night?" "I'm busy then, too."
"Let's go see a movie tonight?" "I can't. I'm busy." "How about tomorrow night?" "I'm busy then, too."
Tom read the Art of War.
Sun Tzu wrote the Art of War.
Tom wrote the Art of Love.
Tom read the Art of War by Sun Tzu.
Tom wrote the Art of Gardening.
Tom and his wife co-authored a book about Boston.
You don't need to think about that now.
He says he found it on the beach.
Tom fell asleep before Mary got home.
You know how to contact me if you need me.
Tom wasn't eager to go there.
You need to make the decision by yourself.
I don't remember much Russian.
Both of my parents are pretty good singers.
Tom will go with us tomorrow.
Everyone in my family can sing fairly well.
Tom slipped a note under Mary's door.
I don't know much about politics. I'm not interested in it.
There are corrupt politicians.
Down with this corrupt government!
I help her.
You have to follow a few rules to avoid unpleasant results.
Don't underestimate her decisiveness!
She turned her nose up.
You're a megalomaniac.
I'm very satisfied with your results.
We should stop at the next rest stop.
Actually, I was wrong.
Johanna gave your dog a bath.
Mary isn't going to emigrate to Canada.
Mary isn't going to leave for Canada.
I don't fucking care what they say.
Tom and Mary refused my help and did it on their own.
Tom resigned and was put on garden leave immediately the next day.
Tom and Mary didn't know where to go.
Where are my braces?
I would like some sugar.
I think we should call off our relationship.
The sky over Berlin is always starless.
Since it happened a week ago, it was the second of April.
"En" is a preposition.
She gave her husband two sons.
Marriage is not suitable to everyone.
You will be the death of me.
I live in Groningen.
I live in Groningen city.
I speak Gronings.
I'm a Groninger.
I'm from Winschoten.
Tom is a formidable man.
Tom became the breadwinner of the family when his father died.
You need to come see this.
I don't have to justify my decision to you.
Tom's apartment has exposed-brick walls.
Tom's brother is a policeman.
I don't know how long the picnic will last.
Tom spent a lot of time helping Mary.
I had to do something about that by myself.
Tom's car is parked in front.
I've already decided where I'm going to go.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary his last name.
German is a very interesting language.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
We won't stay long.
Tom is bothering Mary.
Why are you hiding?
I'm Tom's father-in-law.
Your house is huge.
Tom was drugged.
Do it by yourselves.
Many people like Tom.
Tom made it just in time.
The flight was overbooked.
What if he says yes?
What if she says yes?
What if Tom says yes?
I don't know anyone here, except Tom.
Try to be creative.
You need to be more creative.
I wish that it would snow.
I wish it would snow.
I hope that it doesn't rain.
Wake me up at 2:30.
Did Tom eat breakfast?
We had fun tonight.
Tom is terrible at math, isn't he?
I'd rather have no salt than too much salt.
One thing that I don't like about Tom is that he never says thank you when you help him.
Why did you tell me that Tom lives in Boston when he actually lives in Chicago?
One thing I don't like about Tom is he never says thank you when you help him.
Why did you tell me Tom lives in Boston when he actually lives in Chicago?
I thought that it would be better if we waited to do that until tomorrow.
I'm beginning to believe that we'll never convince Tom that he's wrong.
I think that it would be better if we waited until tomorrow to do that.
Everybody in the office was impressed with how Tom handled the problem.
I used the spoon that Tom gave me last Christmas to serve the pudding.
Everyone in the office was impressed with how Tom handled the problem.
I'm worried because I think there's a chance that Tom might get hurt.
Tom is on his way over to Mary's apartment to give something to her.
Tom drove to the bank to deposit the money that he'd just been paid.
Monday is the only day of the week Tom doesn't get home before 2:30.
I'm pretty sure Tom has already forgotten what I told him yesterday.
I thought it would be better if we waited to do that until tomorrow.
I think that Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do it.
French is the only foreign language that I've ever formally studied.
The painting that I bought thirty years ago is worth a fortune now.
I can't really be sure that Tom wasn't the one who stole the money.
The poison that Tom put in Mary's drink wasn't enough to kill her.
I'm beginning to believe we'll never convince Tom that he's wrong.
I'm beginning to believe that we'll never convince Tom he's wrong.
I think it would be better if we waited until tomorrow to do that.
I still can't believe that Tom and Mary got married to each other.
Tom is on his way over to Mary's apartment to give her something.
Tom is driving over to Mary's apartment to give something to her.
It's a pity that we didn't visit Tom when we had the opportunity.
I used the spoon Tom gave me last Christmas to serve the pudding.
Tom drove down the street that Mary lives on, hoping to see her.
It's hard to believe that something like that could happen here.
I'm worried because I think there's a chance Tom might get hurt.
Tom drove to the bank to deposit the money he'd just been paid.
It's a pity that we didn't do that when we had the opportunity.
I think Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do it.
French is the only foreign language I've ever formally studied.
Do you think there's a chance that Tom has Mary's phone number?
Tom is driving over to Mary's apartment to give her something.
There really wasn't anything that the doctors could do to Tom.
The painting I bought thirty years ago is worth a fortune now.
I think that Tom is expecting somebody to make dinner for him.
I can't really be sure Tom wasn't the one who stole the money.
I always thought that Tom and Mary were married to each other.
The poison Tom put in Mary's drink wasn't enough to kill her.
I'm beginning to believe we'll never convince Tom he's wrong.
I think that Tom is expecting someone to make dinner for him.
I still can't believe Tom and Mary got married to each other.
I didn't know that you and Tom both didn't understand French.
I certainly had no idea that Tom was going to move to Boston.
Tom is teaching Mary a card trick that he learned from John.
It's a pity we didn't visit Tom when we had the opportunity.
I think that Tom doesn't like the way that I make spaghetti.
I think that Tom doesn't like the kind of music that I play.
I know that you don't like me, but we have to work together.
I don't think that we'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I didn't know that you and Tom went to the same high school.
Tom drove down the street Mary lives on, hoping to see her.
It's hard to believe something like that could happen here.
Is it true that Mr. Jackson is going to be our new teacher?
I think that it would be better if we didn't do that today.
French is the only foreign language that I've ever studied.
Tom is showing Mary the new saxophone that he just bought.
It's no secret that Tom's opinion is different from yours.
It's a pity we didn't do that when we had the opportunity.
I thought that the best thing would be to tell Tom myself.
I think that Tom is expecting somebody to make him dinner.
I hope that we can figure out a way to solve this problem.
Do you think there's a chance Tom has Mary's phone number?
Tom is driving the old car that his grandfather gave him.
There really wasn't anything the doctors could do to Tom.
That's not the only thing that I don't like about Boston.
It's hard to believe that Tom is only thirteen years old.
I think that it's very unlikely that Tom will go bowling.
I think that Tom is expecting someone to make him dinner.
I think Tom is expecting somebody to make dinner for him.
I know that Tom will always help me when I need his help.
Are you going tell Tom to leave or do I have to tell him?
Tom ate all the cupcakes that Mary baked this afternoon.
I think Tom is expecting someone to make dinner for him.
I didn't know you and Tom both didn't understand French.
I didn't know that you and Tom were both from Australia.
I didn't know that you and Tom were both born in Boston.
I certainly had no idea Tom was going to move to Boston.
Tom was handcuffed to the chair that he was sitting on.
Tom is teaching Mary a card trick he learned from John.
There wasn't anything that the doctors could do to Tom.
Monday is the only day of the week Tom doesn't do that.
I'm afraid that Tom will get mad at you if you do that.
I wonder whether Tom knows how many hours a day I work.
I thought that it would be better if you told Tom that.
I think that Tom doesn't like the way I make spaghetti.
I think that Tom doesn't like the kind of music I play.
I think Tom doesn't like the way that I make spaghetti.
I think Tom doesn't like the kind of music that I play.
I know you don't like me, but we have to work together.
I don't think we'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I didn't know you and Tom went to the same high school.
Tom is living in the apartment that I used to live in.
Tom has been driving us everywhere that we want to go.
Swimming is one thing that both Tom and I are good at.
Is it true Mr. Jackson is going to be our new teacher?
I'm just saying that you shouldn't trust Tom too much.
I'll never forget the first time that I saw Tom dance.
I think it would be better if we didn't do that today.
I had the impression that Tom wasn't enjoying himself.
I don't think that giving Tom a knife was a good idea.
I don't think that Tom did what he was supposed to do.
I didn't know that you and Tom didn't like each other.
How can you let your daughter marry somebody like Tom?
Are you going to tell Tom you've spent time in prison?
Tom is showing Mary the new saxophone he just bought.
Tom drives the old car that his grandfather gave him.
The woman that Tom married is even fatter than he is.
It's no secret that Tom and Mary are having problems.
It's no secret Tom's opinion is different from yours.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to talk about it.
It doesn't seem to me that Tom knows what he's doing.
I thought the best thing would be to tell Tom myself.
I think that you'll discover that it was Tom's fault.
I think that I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I think Tom is expecting somebody to make him dinner.
I hope we can figure out a way to solve this problem.
I don't want you to make the same mistake that I did.
I didn't know that Tom and I were from the same town.
How can you let your daughter marry someone like Tom?
What makes you think that Tom was talking about you?
Tom is driving the old car his grandfather gave him.
That's not the only thing I don't like about Boston.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to talk about it.
It's hard to believe Tom is only thirteen years old.
I'm worried because I think that Tom might get hurt.
I'm sure that you'll enjoy studying French with Tom.
I think that it's time for us to tell Tom the truth.
I think that it's time for us to buy a larger house.
I think it's very unlikely that Tom will go bowling.
I think Tom is expecting someone to make him dinner.
I still can't believe that Tom and Mary got married.
I know Tom will always help me when I need his help.
Tom ate all the cupcakes Mary baked this afternoon.
The letter that was in the mailbox wasn't from Tom.
The last time I saw Tom, he was thirteen years old.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I'd hoped that we could do that without Tom's help.
I thought that Tom would answer all your questions.
I think that Tom's plan is better than Mary's plan.
I think that Tom is expecting somebody to help him.
I think that Tom has been expecting this to happen.
I swear that I didn't know that Tom would be there.
I didn't realize that Tom was from another country.
I didn't know you and Tom were both from Australia.
I didn't know you and Tom were both born in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom was going to move to Boston.
Don't forget that Tom is going to be here tomorrow.
Tom was handcuffed to the chair he was sitting on.
Tom lets his children do whatever they want to do.
There wasn't anything the doctors could do to Tom.
I'm afraid Tom will get mad at you if you do that.
I wonder if Tom knows how many hours a day I work.
I was told that I need your permission to do that.
I thought it would be better if you told Tom that.
I think that Tom will eventually learn to do that.
I think that Tom is expecting someone to help him.
I think Tom doesn't like the way I make spaghetti.
I think Tom doesn't like the kind of music I play.
I swear that I didn't know that Tom would do that.
I hope that we can figure out a way to solve this.
I heard that Tom has married a very wealthy woman.
Have we already drunk all the wine that I brought?
Do you think that we should discuss this with Tom?
Do you really think that Tom will let you do that?
You didn't tell Tom that you're married, did you?
Would you consider selling your motorcycle to me?
Why do you think that Tom likes baseball so much?
What kind of gift can you give somebody like Tom?
Tom was probably thirteen years old at that time.
Tom needs somebody who speaks French to help him.
Tom is living in the apartment I used to live in.
Tom is eating the sandwich that you made for him.
Tom has been driving us everywhere we want to go.
Tom and Mary are married and have three children.
Swimming is one thing that Tom and I are good at.
Swimming is one thing both Tom and I are good at.
It's unlikely that Tom will go to Boston with us.
It'll be difficult to get Tom to change his mind.
It doesn't matter to me whether Tom comes or not.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't do that anymore.
I'm just saying you shouldn't trust Tom too much.
I'm afraid that Tom is going to try to kill Mary.
I'll never forget the first time I saw Tom dance.
I think that you should take Tom to the hospital?
I have a few more questions that I'd like to ask.
I had the impression Tom wasn't enjoying himself.
I don't think that very many people will do that.
I don't think giving Tom a knife was a good idea.
I don't think Tom did what he was supposed to do.
I didn't know you and Tom didn't like each other.
Getting Tom to show up on time will be difficult.
What kind of gift can you give someone like Tom?
Tom needs someone who speaks French to help him.
Tom drives the old car his grandfather gave him.
The woman Tom married is even fatter than he is.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to be there.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to talk about it.
It doesn't seem to me Tom knows what he's doing.
If you want somebody to help you, go ask Tom.
I think you'll discover that it was Tom's fault.
I think that you'll discover it was Tom's fault.
I think that Tom likes animals more than people.
I think I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I doubt that the police are going to arrest Tom.
I don't want you to make the same mistake I did.
I don't think that many people liked that movie.
I didn't know Tom and I were from the same town.
I always thought that Tom and Mary were married.
French is the only foreign language that I know.
Are you absolutely sure that Tom has to do that?
You should make sure that you're there on time.
Why do you think that that would be impossible?
What makes you think Tom was talking about you?
Tom is in the living room, asleep on the couch.
Should I tell Tom that you're not feeling well?
It's obvious Tom doesn't want to talk about it.
It's hard to believe that Tom is only thirteen.
Is it true that Tom was here all day yesterday?
Is it really true that Tom wants me to do that?
If you want someone to help you, go ask Tom.
I'm worried because I think Tom might get hurt.
I'm afraid that the police going to arrest Tom.
I wish that I could forget about that incident.
I think that it's time for us to buy a new car.
I think it's time for us to tell Tom the truth.
I think it's time for us to buy a larger house.
I hope that that didn't take you too much time.
I doubt that the police are going to catch Tom.
I didn't think that Tom would be so interested.
I didn't know that you and Tom worked together.
I didn't know that Tom was one of your friends.
Are you sure that this umbrella belongs to Tom?
Are you sure that Tom doesn't suspect anything?
You didn't even notice that I got my hair cut.
Would you consider selling me your motorcycle?
Tom was maybe thirteen years old at that time.
Tom says that he's interested in volunteering.
Tom lets his kids do whatever they want to do.
Tom is in the living room, asleep on the sofa.
The young police officer put handcuffs on Tom.
The police suspect that Tom committed suicide.
It seemed that Tom was getting ready to leave.
I'm not the one who gave that umbrella to Tom.
I'd hoped we could do that without Tom's help.
I'd hoped that we could do without Tom's help.
I thought Tom would answer all your questions.
I think that Tom's plan is better than Mary's.
I think Tom's plan is better than Mary's plan.
I think Tom is expecting somebody to help him.
I think Tom has been expecting this to happen.
I swear that I didn't know Tom would be there.
I swear I didn't know that Tom would be there.
I doubt that the police are going to find Tom.
I doubt that the police are going to bust Tom.
I didn't realize Tom was from another country.
I didn't know that Tom lived in the dormitory.
I didn't know Tom was going to move to Boston.
French is the only foreign language Tom knows.
Don't forget Tom is going to be here tomorrow.
Do you think that Tom and Mary will get along?
Didn't you know that Tom was taller than Mary?
Are you sure that Tom didn't suspect anything?
Tom and Mary are married and have three kids.
Neighbors said that they heard Tom screaming.
Is there something that you want to tell Tom?
I'm pretty sure that Tom lives in Boston now.
I wish that you wouldn't call me Tom anymore.
I was told I need your permission to do that.
I think that that question isn't appropriate.
I think Tom will eventually learn to do that.
I think Tom is expecting someone to help him.
I swear that I didn't know Tom would do that.
I swear I didn't know that Tom would do that.
I promised Tom that I'd play tennis with him.
I promised Tom that I'd go swimming with him.
I promised Tom that I'd go shopping with him.
I hope we can figure out a way to solve this.
I heard Tom has married a very wealthy woman.
I have the impression that Tom is doing well.
I don't believe that your name is really Tom.
I didn't know that you and Tom were brothers.
Have we already drunk all the wine I brought?
Getting Tom to show up on time won't be easy.
Everyone knows that we don't like each other.
Don't you think that Tom should see a doctor?
Don't forget that tomorrow is Tom's birthday.
Do you think we should discuss this with Tom?
Are you going tell Tom to leave or do I have?
You didn't tell Tom you're married, did you?
Tom won't wait for more than thirty minutes.
Tom lets his children do whatever they want.
Tom is eating the sandwich you made for him.
It's unlikely Tom will go to Boston with us.
It'll be hard to get Tom to change his mind.
It doesn't matter to me if Tom comes or not.
I've been drinking too much coffee recently.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't do that anymore.
I'm afraid that they're going to arrest Tom.
I'm afraid Tom is going to try to kill Mary.
I wonder whether Tom knows how unhappy I am.
I wish that you wouldn't always yell at Tom.
I was happy to hear that Tom wasn't injured.
I think you should take Tom to the hospital?
I think that you should be careful with Tom.
I think that Tom might have some good ideas.
I promised Tom that I'd go fishing with him.
I promised Tom that I'd go bowling with him.
I hope that we don't have problems with Tom.
I have a few more questions I'd like to ask.
I don't think very many people will do that.
I don't think that many people will do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be so worried.
The police suspect that Tom killed himself.
Somebody is waiting for you in your office.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to be there.
I'm not the one who gave Tom that umbrella.
I wonder whether Tom knows how lonely I am.
I thought that Tom would enjoy seeing this.
I thought that Tom was too busy to help us.
I think you'll discover it was Tom's fault.
I think Tom likes animals more than people.
I still can't believe that Tom got married.
I doubt the police are going to arrest Tom.
I don't think that your name is really Tom.
I don't think many people liked that movie.
Hide the money somewhere Tom won't find it.
French is the only foreign language I know.
Except for Tom, I don't know anybody there.
You should make sure you're there on time.
You didn't even tell me that Tom had died.
You can't deny that what Tom said is true.
Why do you think that would be impossible?
What do you guys think that Tom should do?
Tom was killed the same way that Mary was.
Tom is in the next room with his children.
The young police officer put cuffs on Tom.
The letter in the mailbox wasn't from Tom.
Tell Tom that I'm waiting for him at home.
Someone is waiting for you in your office.
It's hard to believe Tom is only thirteen.
Is it true Tom was here all day yesterday?
Is it really true Tom wants me to do that?
I've been drinking too much coffee lately.
I'm the one who gave that umbrella to Tom.
I'm afraid the police going to arrest Tom.
I wish I could forget about that incident.
I think it's time for us to buy a new car.
I still can't believe that Tom is married.
I hope that didn't take you too much time.
I heard that Tom has married a rich widow.
I doubt the police are going to catch Tom.
I don't know anybody there except for Tom.
I don't know anybody here, except for Tom.
I didn't think that Tom would be so upset.
I didn't think that Tom would be so angry.
I didn't know you and Tom worked together.
I didn't know Tom was one of your friends.
Except for Tom, I don't know anyone there.
Do you think that you're going to miss it?
Do you think that Tom knows what happened?
Did you know that Tom was in the hospital?
Are you sure this umbrella belongs to Tom?
Are you sure Tom doesn't suspect anything?
You didn't even notice I got my hair cut.
Tom says he's interested in volunteering.
This photograph is a little out of focus.
The police suspect that Tom was murdered.
The police suspect Tom committed suicide.
