She wore a black silk riding-mask, which was then a common fashion.
It had been Bucklaw's misfortune, that his habits of life had not rendered him familiarly acquainted with the higher and better classes of female society, so that, with all his natural audacity, he felt sheepish and bashful when it became necessary to address a lady of distinction.
He reined up his horse on the top of a gentle eminence, from which he observed the busy and gay scene beneath him.
But these jovial sounds fell sadly on the ear of the ruined nobleman.
“You seem a gallant young gentleman, sir,” he said.
The stranger did not long remain silent.
“This, then,” he said, “is the ancient Castle of Wolf's Crag, often mentioned in the Scottish records,” looking to the old tower, then darkening under the influence of a stormy cloud, that formed its background.
The young lady we have already mentioned came up to join the stranger, followed by her servants.
The horse of the fair huntress showed symptoms of impatience and restiveness.
Two flashes of lightning, following each other very closely, showed in the distance the grey turrets of Wolf's Crag, and, more nearly, the rollowing billows of the ocean, crested suddenly with red and dazzling light.
The old gentleman observed that the storm seemed to increase.
He could not but perceive that she trembled much, and was extremely agitated, from her apprehensions, doubtless, of the coming storm.
“The Tower of Wolf's Crag has nothing to offer beyond the shelter of its roof, but if that can be acceptable at such a moment——” he paused, as if the rest of the invitation stuck in his throat.
His daughter's health was weak.
The Master of Ravenswood led the way, continuing to keep hold of the lady's bridle to prevent her horse from starting at some unexpected explosion of thunder.
CakePHP is a PHP framework.
PHP is a programming language.
That's a bit of a hassle.
Databases store data.
It felt natural to me.
It felt natural.
He remarked, that the deadly paleness which had occupied her neck and temples gave place to a deep and rosy suffusion; and he felt with embarrassment that a flush was by tacit sympathy excited in his own cheeks.
There was now no opportunity of receding from the situation in which he had placed himself.
Put the horses into the stable, and interrupt us no more with your absurdities.
On arriving at the change-house of the village of Wolf's Hope, he unexpectedly met with an acquaintance just alighting from his horse.
This magician uses a wand.
You're not my friend, otherwise you'd understand me.
So the we can work together, we need mutual understanding.
A moment of patience can avoid great unhappiness, a moment of impatience can ruin a whole life.
I just wish we could go back.
This wizard uses a magic wand.
I wish we could go back to those days.
It was wonderful back then.
I wish I could go back.
I wish I could go back to those days.
I did what felt natural to me.
Tom did what felt natural to him.
My head still hurts.
I'm as old as Tom.
I'm just as old as Tom.
There was a half-eaten pizza in the fridge.
There was a half-eaten pizza on the table.
There was a half-eaten pizza on the floor.
I wish I could go back and experience those days again.
If only we could go back and start over.
I wish we could go back to the way things were before.
Mary was the love of my life.
How came you to venture hither, noble Captain?
I am as free as the wind.
You need not remain in hiding any longer.
They rushed tumultuously into the house of entertainment, where they revelled till a late hour.
A very different scene was in the mean time passing in the Tower of Wolf's Crag.
He ushered his guests into the great hall of the castle.
But not all his skill and labour, in disposing to advantage the little furniture which remained, could remove the dark and disconsolate appearance of those ancient and disfurnished walls.
The narrow windows, flanked by deep indentures into the walls, seemed formed rather to exclude than to admit the cheerful light.
The heavy and gloomy appearance of the thunder-sky added still farther to the obscurity.
“You have nothing to fear, sir,” said Ravenswood, gravely.
The young lady remained silent and motionless.
He laboured to restrain his desire to speak.
The stranger was at a loss for words to express what he felt necessary to say.
I am obliged to you, Master of Ravenswood, for breaking the ice at once.
My daughter and I are alike grateful for this opportunity of thanking the brave man to whom she owes her life and I mine.
The hatred which divided the great families in the feudal times had lost little of its bitterness, though it no longer expressed itself in deeds of open violence.
Not the feelings which Ravenswood had begun to entertain towards Lucy Ashton, not the hospitality due to his guests, were able entirely to subdue, though they warmly combated, the deep passions which arose within him at beholding his father's foe standing in the hall of the family of which he had in a great measure accelerated the ruin.
Her words cut Ravenswood to the very heart.
Ravenswood had not quitted the hand which he had taken in kindly courtesy.
Their cheeks had touched.
Their cheeks had touched and were withdrawn from each other.
A blush still mantled on Lucy Ashton's beautiful cheek.
The apartment was suddenly illuminated by a flash of lightning.
The flash of lightning was almost instantly followed by a burst of thunder, for the storm-cloud was very near the castle.
The peal of thunder was so sudden and dreadful, that the old tower rocked to its foundation.
The soot, which had not been disturbed for centuries, showered down the huge chimneys.
Lime and dust flew in clouds from the wall.
Several heavy stones were hurled from the mouldering battlements into the roaring sea beneath.
She sensed the desperateness in his voice.
Tom sensed the desperateness in Mary's voice.
It might seem as if the ancient founder of the castle were bestriding the thunderstorm, and proclaiming his displeasure at the reconciliation of his descendant with the enemy of his house.
The consternation was general.
It required the efforts of both the Lord Keeper and Ravenswood to keep Lucy from fainting.
Thus was the Master a second time engaged in the most delicate and dangerous of all tasks, that of affording support and assistance to a beautiful and helpless being, who, as seen before in a similar situation, had already become a favourite of his imagination, both when awake and when slumbering.
As the Master of Ravenswood was about to reply, the door of the hall opened, and Caleb Balderstone rushed in.
As Tom was about to reply, the door opened, and Mary rushed in.
I wish we could turn back the clock.
Heaven be praised!
I've never seen them before in my life.
Where is your sword?
Tom began to kiss Mary.
Mary began to kiss him.
There's a cake inside the box.
Tom is a real jerk.
Tom cut the cake.
I'll cut the cake and you'll choose what piece you want.
Your half is bigger than my half.
Tom shouted the answer to the question.
I cut, you choose.
Tom cut the cake into two pieces.
California is beautiful.
Tom put some cucumber slices into the water.
Tom brought a pitcher of cucumber water.
Peel the cucumbers.
Slice the cucumbers as thinly as possible.
I'm exaggerating, but not by much.
Slice the cucumbers.
Peel the cucumbers and then slice them.
Mary made some cucumber water.
Sharing is fun.
Tom wears the same jeans every day.
Tom wore the same jeans every day for a year.
Have you seen that show?
Baking is fun.
Tom ate a gummy bear.
Tom ate another gummy bear.
Tom ate all the gummy bears.
Tom likes gummy bears.
Why do you care so much about these fictional characters?
Why do you care so much about these imaginary characters?
She cried when I told her.
Tom cried when I told him.
Tom wasn't invited to the banquet.
She fixed the net.
She had her car stolen yesterday.
She found a broken camera.
I'll wait here till she comes back.
I will wait here until she comes back.
I'll wait here until she comes back.
Her low salary prevents her from buying the house.
Did you lose your job?
It's easy to misinterpret the actions and intentions of others.
Are you sure that Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Praying for Tom was all we could do.
Isn't there a Berber speaker around?
I practised Berber every day.
She was able to talk a little Berber with me.
The bus driver was speaking in Berber.
Everyone speaks Berber at that hotel.
I need a Berber translator.
I speak Berber every day.
Do they speak Berber in Tunisia?
I can speak Berber fine.
Isn't he supposed to speak in Berber?
I told him that in Berber.
I told my Berber teacher about that.
I have many Berber friends.
I have many Berber friends from Morocco.
You can speak Berber with me.
I like speaking Berber.
I loved speaking Berber.
I speak Berber with my siblings.
Did you really see that?
I missed the Berber class.
I will learn Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
I ordered a Berber workbook online.
What did you say then?
I didn't miss a single Berber class.
I didn't miss a single class of Berber.
I don't want to study Berber.
I wanted to study Berber.
Tell us the story in Berber.
Please tell us the story in Berber.
I am going to Kabylie, Algeria, to learn Berber.
The separatist propaganda is based on lies.
Kabyles are Berbers and they speak Berber.
Berber is our language.
My first language is Berber.
Learning is fun.
Translating is fun.
The bus driver asked me in Berber: "Where are you going?"
Cooking is fun.
I saw a sign in Berber that read "Airport."
The paper is written in Berber.
I read Berber books.
I have a Berber test tomorrow.
Does he speak Berber?
How is your Berber?
How's your Berber?
I write my notes in Berber.
Learn the Berber alphabet.
It took me some time to learn the Berber alphabet.
I learned the Berber alphabet.
The Berber texts of the book are very simple.
I have a website for Berber-learning materials.
I can send you my Berber dictionary.
Tom's been caught on camera fly-tipping.
Kabyles speak the Berber language that's locally called Kabyle. As for the separatists, they speak, write and read in French, and Berber is as strange to them as Russian is.
It's a miracle she's still alive.
Mr Kato teaches us English.
Sinéad O'Connor converted to Islam in October 2018.
Sinéad O'Connor made the shahada.
Sinéad O'Connor accepted Islam.
I was in Dublin and I watched Sinéad O'Connor make the shahada.
I heard them speaking Berber.
I heard her speaking Berber.
Mary claimed to be innocent.
Most gummy bears are not suitable for vegans.
Most gummy bears are not vegan, because they contain animal gelatin.
May I have a sip of your wine?
Tom isn't Mary's biological father.
Tom wiped the table off with a damp rag.
The news of her arrival added to our excitement.
The room was light enough for her to read the letter.
I own two cars.
Does Mao meow?
Welcome to Berlin.
Tom picked up English in no time.
Tom is a completely different person in Esperanto.
She was very old.
She was very old and ill.
Tom was very old and ill.
Tom was very old.
She is content with her present salary.
I looked through the peephole and there was no one.
I can't believe how big this little kitten has gotten!
I spent the first ten years of my life in Kabylie, Algeria.
We moved to Kabylie, Algeria.
He lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
My father passed away not long before we moved to Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm moving to Kabylie, Algeria, this summer.
I live in Kabylie, Algeria.
I learned Berber when I was seven.
We have a huge field in Kabylie, Algeria.
My family has a huge field in Kabylie, Algeria.
We have a huge house in Kabylie, Algeria.
I live in Algiers, but I also have a huge house in Kabylie, Algeria.
I continued to learn Berber.
I stopped learning Berber.
I grew up in Kabylie, Algeria.
I was born in Kabylie, Algeria.
It has been snowing in Kabylie, Algeria.
She never spoke Berber.
I listen to Berber music while walking to school.
I never heard him speaking Berber again.
He used to be a Berber teacher in our village.
He should have said this in Berber.
The separatists are lying.
The bus departure was announced in Berber.
He started talking in Berber.
I have just attended my sister's wedding in Kabylie, Algeria.
I am going to speak in Berber now.
She said that she loved me in Berber.
Separatists are not welcome here.
I don't talk to separatists.
I'm allergic to separatists.
He was working on a new novel in Berber.
We camped in Kabylie, Algeria.
We also camped in Kabylie, Algeria.
Our next camp site is in Kabylie, Algeria.
I wanted to visit Kabylie, Algeria.
I take notes in Berber.
I usually take notes in Berber.
I write everything in Berber.
I explained that in Berber.
We decided to go camping in Kabylie, Algeria.
Our camping site is in Kabylie, Algeria.
I usually go hunting in Kabylie, Algeria.
Camping in Kabylie, Algeria, is my passion.
I usually go camping in Kabylie, Algeria.
I still go camping in Kabylie, Algeria, to this day.
In the early 2000's, Kabylie had a serious kidnapping problem.
She refused to speak in Berber.
He's often traveling around in Kabylie, Algeria.
I received a postcard from Kabylie, Algeria.
We received threats from the separatists but we're not stopping what we're doing.
We received threats from the separatists but we are not stopping what we are doing.
The separatists who threatened us online will have a lot of explaining to do at the court.
I taught her some Berber and she taught me some Finnish in return.
I wanted to improve my Berber.
I want to improve my Berber.
He was actually living in Kabylie, Algeria.
We were chatting in Berber.
I wanted to learn Berber online.
She excitedly agreed to teach me Berber.
We had a nice conversation in Berber.
I wrote her love letters in Berber.
He started posting things in Berber on his Facebook.
The separatists have been sending us threatening e-mails.
His voice set my nerves on edge.
Our parents encouraged us to speak Berber.
My eldest brother had the best Berber out of all of us, so he could communicate with pretty much anyone in the area.
She refuses to speak in Berber.
I heard my mother speak in Berber.
She was swearing in Berber.
She wrote me a message in Berber.
She wants me to talk to her baby in Berber.
I write in Berber on social media.
I have received new threatening messages from the separatists this month.
I live in a very quiet village in Kabylie, Algeria.
This area of Kabylie has never had a kidnapping problem.
He was dating a very beautiful Kabyle girl.
He was dating a very pretty Kabyle girl.
He was dating a very pretty Algerian girl from Kabylie.
He was dating a very beautiful Algerian girl from Kabylie.
I took a vacation to Kabylie, Algeria.
Most Kabyles are Muslim.
Islam is and will always be the main religion in Kabylie.
Kabyles are Muslims.
Every Kabyle village has a mosque.
There is a mosque in every Kabyle village.
I learned the Quran in Kabylie, Algeria.
I studied the Quran in Kabylie, Algeria.
Kabylie is a Berber-speaking area in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a Berber-speaking region in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a Berber-speaking area in the northeast of Algeria.
Kabylie is a Berber-speaking region in the northeast of Algeria.
I live in a very secluded area in Kabylie, Algeria.
He hardly spoke any Berber.
She was singing in Berber.
I think in Berber.
I don't speak Berber here in London.
I'm speaking Berber here.
That didn't end up right!
Maria worked in a circus. She was a contortionist.
I don't feel like going for a walk this morning.
I play rugby for an hour a day
There are a bunch of books in the table. Are they yours?
When the number is divided by 7, the result is 3
Tomorrow I'll take the book to Mary
I don't know what he/she is doing, but he/she isn't doing it with her
This place reminds me of when I was young
Don't worry, your mother is coming very soon
Too much noise to get a few results
I asked her to wait here.
The separatists are a marginal group in Kabylie.
The separatist flag is banned in Algeria.
The separatist flag doesn't represent Kabylie.
The separatist flag doesn't represent Kabyles.
The separatist flag doesn't represent the Kabyle dialect.
We will keep campaigning against the separatist flag.
Kabylie is my home area and it's part of Algeria.
The separatist group has nothing to do with science.
Can you eat honey as a vegan?
Honey is made by bees.
Gummy bears are cute.
These sugar-free gummy bears are also laxatives.
Tom bought a giant gummy bear.
Tom made a giant gummy bear.
This honey is sold in bear-shaped bottles.
Honey is mostly sugar.
Please just relax and enjoy yourselves.
Please speak louder!
They were waiting for the rain to stop to go out on the street.
That opinion is the opposite of my own understanding of that problem.
"I want you to make the bed, clean up the desk, buy groceries and make breakfast." "Do you have a song request as well?"
I was shocked to hear what happened.
To possess strength, whether physical or moral and not to take advantage of it at least occasionally it's hard, nearly impossible.
I want to learn Berber at home.
I wanted to learn Berber at home.
I took a Berber language class.
I need to take Berber classes.
I am a Berber teacher myself.
I am learning Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm learning Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
She didn't really want to learn Berber.
I haven't listened to any Berber in years.
I became fluent in Berber.
Do you want to know how I became fluent in Berber?
Now I want to learn Berber.
I want to become fluent in Berber.
Do you want to become fluent in Berber?
I would like to learn Berber?
I started learning Berber when I was in ninth grade.
I took Berber from sixth grade until I was in high school.
I became really proficient in Berber.
I took Berber classes for three years.
I'm gonna become fluent in Berber.
I learned Berber from a book.
I am going to become fluent in Berber.
I'm going to learn Berber.
I was pretty motivated to learn Berber.
I was actually pretty motivated to learn Berber.
I tried to learn Berber.
I have been learning Berber for a whole semester.
I took Berber classes.
I'm taking Berber classes.
I wanted to become fluent in Berber.
I did everything right on the Berber test.
I dedicated a lot of time to Berber.
I dedicated a lot of time and energy to Berber.
I dedicated a lot of time and energy to learning Berber.
I managed to read my first book in Berber.
I studied Berber grammar.
I didn't learn a whole lot of Berber in high school.
I wanted to refresh my Berber a little bit.
I made big leaps in my Berber.
I take Berber classes.
I have made big leaps in my Berber.
I moved to Kabylie, Algeria.
I had conversation with Taninna in Berber every day.
The only way to really learn Berber is by moving to a Berber-speaking region like Kabylie, Algeria.
He didn't learn Berber.
I have been in Kabylie, Algeria, for like nine or ten months.
He learned a little bit of Berber in those three months.
He learned a little bit of Berber in those four months he spent in Kabylie, Algeria.
His spoken Berber was very bad.
He moved to Kabylie, Algeria, to learn Berber.
He was almost fluent in Berber.
He worked very diligently to learn Berber.
He was learning Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
He needs to move to Kabylie, Algeria, in order to become fluent in Berber.
Living in Kabylie, Algeria, motivated me to learn Berber.
Living in Kabylie, Algeria, was a great opportunity for me to learn Berber.
What helped you the most with learning Berber?
I became obsessed with learning Berber.
I started reading a novel in Berber.
I read Berber books for pleasure.
She doesn't want to learn Berber.
We learned Berber together.
He speaks no Berber.
He failed his Berber class.
He wants to learn Berber.
He communicates with us in Berber.
He didn't want to learn Berber.
I was there to learn Berber.
I am here to learn Berber.
I'm here to learn Berber.
It was very hard to learn Berber.
He helped me learn Berber.
He knew no Berber.
He doesn't speak Berber.
I moved back to Kabylie, Algeria.
I continued to learn Berber as much as possible.
I moved back to Kabylie, Algeria, in the beginning of 2015.
I have lost some of my ability to communicate quickly in Berber.
I have lost some of my ability to communicate easily in Berber.
I'm no longer surrounded by Berber as much as I used to.
I'm learning Berber now.
I am learning Berber now.
I am no longer surrounded by Berber as much as I used to be.
I am actively learning Berber.
I was actively learning Berber.
I spent a month and a half in Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm taking another Berber class next semester.
I'm learning to speak Berber.
I am learning to speak Berber.
I am taking another Berber class next semester.
Those classes were helpful for maintaining my Berber.
I learn new Berber phrases every day.
I am a Berber native speaker.
I'm a Berber native speaker.
I have read three or four books in Berber since I came back from Kabylie, Algeria.
What helped you learn Berber?
Try to find people to speak Berber with.
They speak Berber.
They can speak Berber.
We had a meeting in Berber.
We were speaking Berber on the bus.
I was dating a beautiful Kabyle girl.
I love Kabyle girls.
Kabyle women are very beautiful.
Tell me more about Kabyle women.
Tell me more about Kabyle girls.
I want to marry a Kabyle woman.
I want to marry an Algerian woman from Kabylie.
Kabyle women are so beautiful.
I ended up marrying an Algarian girl from Kabylie.
I wanted to date an Algerian girl from Kabylie.
I wanted to date a Kabyle girl.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, last month.
He didn't speak fluent Berber.
I was dating a Kabyle girl.
She doesn't speak Berber.
I find Kabyle girls really attractive.
I was seeing a Kabyle girl.
I came back home in Kabylie, Algeria.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria.
He messages me in Berber.
My girlfriend is Kabyle.
I went on a date with a Kabyle girl.
She's living in Kabylie, Algeria.
She's a Kabyle woman.
She is a Kabyle woman.
She's wearing a Kabyle dress.
I met her in Kabylie, Algeria.
She is wearing a Kabyle dress.
His girlfriend is Kabyle.
He has a Kabyle girlfriend.
I can't speak Berber.
I can't really speak Berber.
I couldn't really speak Berber.
I wanted to marry a Kabyle woman.
Kabyle girls are beautiful.
I bought lots of souvenirs from Kabylie, Algeria.
His Kabyle girlfriend was really cute.
I'm going on a date with a Kabyle girl.
I love visiting Kabylie, Algeria.
I want date a Kabyle girl.
She's a foreign girl and she doesn't speak Berber.
She's Kabyle and she lives in Algeria.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect spoken in the Algerian region of Kabylie.
I tried to date a Kabyle girl.
I was dating a Kabyle girl in Algeria.
I was in Kabylie, Algeria.
She was in Kabylie, Algeria, and she felt lonely.
We moved from France to Kabylie, Algeria.
I don't like texting in a language other than Berber.
I took lots of photos in Kabylie, Algeria.
Kabylie doesn't have an official flag.
Kabylie doesn't have official borders.
Kabylie doesn't have official administrative borders.
The separatist flag can't in any way be considered as the flag of Kabylie.
I lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
Mrs. Taninna Amzil is my Berber teacher.
Mrs. Amzil is our Berber teacher.
I am from Kabylie, Algeria.
She was wearing a Kabyle dress.
He refused to speak in Berber.
She spoke in Berber.
He spoke in a heavy Kabyle accent.
I speak Berber at home.
He has a Kabyle fiancee.
His fiancee is Kabyle.
I left her a love note in Berber.
I usually leave her love notes in Berber.
We moved into a new apartment in Kabylie, Algeria.
I am determined not to be intimidated by the separatists.
I'm determined not to be intimidated by the separatists.
I wrote the article in Berber.
He offered to buy me Berber books.
I read Berber novels.
Do you have any Berber novels?
She decided to wear a Kabyle dress.
She decided to wear a Kabyle dress for the party.
She was wearing a Kabyle dress at the party.
He wrote a novel in Berber.
I taught Berber online.
I teach Berber via Skype.
I learned Berber when I was fifteen.
I learnt Berber when I was fifteen.
We loved the experience of learning Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
I heard him cursing in Berber.
Berber is not my first language, so I apologize for any mistakes.
Our Berber teacher is sick and there is no lesson today.
I take Berber classes every Friday.
I know that Tom didn't do what he said he did.
I was singing in Berber.
Bejaia is in Kabylie, Algeria.
Bejaia is the most beautiful city in Kabylie, Algeria.
I found out that she lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
He cursed in Berber.
I was receiving messages in Berber every single day.
I spend every Ramadan in Kabylie, Algeria.
What does this mean in simple Berber?
I had a good Berber teacher.
Who is going to believes lies of the separatists now?
The separatists would accuse you of insulting them for simply talking to them, and they would threaten to kill you if you dared contradict them.
The separatists would accuse you of insulting them for simply talking to them, and they would call for your public lynching if you dared contradict them.
One of the separatists called for my public lynching on Facebook. He and the person who left his message on his Facebook will have a lot of explaining to do about that in a court of law.
The Kabyle separatists would routinely call for the public lynching of their opponents.
Can you speak in Berber?
Tanya loves Frank and Frank loves Tanya, but in Esperanto, this accusative stands between them.
The Berber version of the text is so beautiful.
Berber is so beautiful.
The Berber language is so beautiful.
What is the difference between a sentence and an utterance?
A sentence is a word or set of words which states, asks, commands or exclaims something.
A sentence is a set of words that are put together to mean something.
A sentence is a group of words that gives a complete thought.
Technically, a burp could be considered an utterance.
I'm listening to Kabyle music.
I am listening to Berber music.
I'm listening to Berber music.
She wears a Kabyle dress.
You told her so.
Tom dreamt.
Tom was dreaming.
Tom dreamed.
Tom moved further away.
Tom found out.
How long have you been living in Japan?
Stop bothering your brother.
I want to congratulate you.
I teach foreign languages and also work as a translator.
He turned on the television.
The publisher agreed to make the dictionary available online without cost, but wanted to disable robots from copying its contents.
A dark cloud is approaching from the west.
I am Tunisian.
My father is not as well as he was before.
My smartphone charger fell.
Stop giving me such a venomous look.
You are truly very strong.
And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and, lo, an horror of great darkness fell upon him.
Our vacation will be over in three weeks.
Tom's 30th birthday is next Monday.
Here is your piece of the pie.
I met a lunatic.
I met a crazy person.
I met a crazy guy.
She may or may not have been the one who said that.
He asked me if I wanted to join him and his friends for poker and I told him to count me in.
He claims to know what I meant, but he doesn't have a clue.
Stop beating around the bush and get right to the point.
Why are you always contradicting me? Can't you accept once in a while that I just might be right?
You say you love him, but I can't for the life of me understand what you see in him.
I'm sorry I'm late, but I got tied up with something I wasn't counting on.
I lost my keys. How can we force the door open?
You said you would never reveal our secret. Why did you give in?
You're not usually prone to anger, so what ticked you off?
They want me to quit, but I'm not ready to throw in the towel yet.
What would you say to scrambled eggs and bacon?
I haven't the slightest idea what she meant by that.
Why in the world would he have said such a horrible thing?
I can't for the life of me remember her maiden name.
There's something up ahead. Slow down so you won't hit it.
They haven't determined yet whether the burglar came in through the front or back door.
Are you serious or are you just putting me on?
You make a good pitch, but I still don't see what's in it for me.
Are you going to say anything or are you just going to sit there pouting?
It's close but that's not exactly what I had in mind.
I asked him if he could do me a favor. He said he couldn't right now, but would get back to me later on today.
Stop twisting my words. You know very well that's not what I said.
Does the must-jump rule apply?
What happened for all of his plans to be upended so quickly?
I want to believe you, but I think you're pulling my leg.
Have you tried everything or do you still have something up your sleeve?
I'd advise you to stick to your principles rather than give in so quickly to her demands.
He elbowed his way through the crowd never once asking anyone's pardon.
How's that for a kick in the stomach?
Hang on, there's no reason to throw up your hands and give up without a fight.
I'm leaving earlier than anticipated because I want to give myself a head start.
What you're saying is just puffery to feed my ego.
He still hasn't met Mary.
Have you ever seen anyone freak out the way she did?
He backed into a car in the parking lot.
As she was pulling out of the parking space, she hit the bumper of the car in front of her.
Your attempt to explain is all well and good, but it doesn't answer the real question.
Why don't you just drop the lies and come clean?
Whatever you do, don't give him the impression that I'm in the know.
How old were you when you took up yoga?
Sales were brisk during the holiday season but have dropped off since.
He ran into me and knocked the groceries I was carrying all over the place.
I used to really be into meditation but not so much anymore.
Who's that banging on the door at this time of the night?
If you think you can beat me at chess, bring it on.
I wouldn't take his word for anything, he's a born liar.
If..if.! If my grandfather weren't dead, he'd still be alive.
"The shore was kissed by sea and mist." What song does that come from?
If you want to learn to improvise on the sax, you have to know all the scales--major and minor--backward and forward.
With a few notable exceptions, the language of opera is Italian.
"What's up?" "Not much, just trying to hang in there."
It's very fragile.
What's in this box is very fragile.
What's in this box is fragile.
There's a sticker on the box that says "fragile."
Please put a fragile sticker on this box.
How many times did you see Tom last weekend?
I hope I can find an inexpensive apartment in Boston.
I hope I can find Tom before the police do.
Tom had always wanted to live in a castle.
I've always wanted to live in a castle.
It needs to be the right color.
The castle is in need of repairs.
I bumped into an old friend on my way home.
I'm as old as Tom is.
I'm just as old as Tom is.
Don't you dare utter a word about what you saw here!
Mary likes them.
Everybody likes them.
Nobody likes them.
She likes them.
I really like them.
I never liked them.
Mary is reading them.
I've seen the picture before.
I've made up my mind to work harder.
Why does she want to go back to Russia?
Why did they agree?
Why do you think this could be sabotage?
Why did they try to do that?
Thank you for inviting me to this beautiful family meeting.
In common usage, "economic freedom" often refers to unfettered economic exploitation.
Where have you been today?
There's absolutely no reason to worry.
There's absolutely no reason for criticising Tom.
Is there something I did wrong?
Tom is genuinely talented.
Art makes me happy.
Art made her happy.
Tom says that art makes him happy.
Their version of the event is suspicious. I think this matter should be looked into further.
He was caught in the rain without an umbrella.
This is not for the faint-hearted.
Mary is genuinely talented.
This is the wrong color.
This is the wrong color!
The workers poured the concrete.
The workers poured the foundation.
Your determination is admirable.
Hold your tongue.
The whole struck her as so ridiculous that, despite every effort to the contrary, she burst into a fit of incontrollable laughter.
Tom burst into a fit of uncontrollable laughter.
It's upside down.
It's child's play.
The whole struck her as so ridiculous that, despite every effort to the contrary, she burst into a fit of incontrollable laughter, in which she was joined by her father, though with more moderation, and finally by the Master of Ravenswood himself, though conscious that the jest was at his own expense.
Their mirth made the old vault ring again.
It's the right way up.
Caleb and I must both learn, madam, to undergo with good humour, or at least with patience, the ridicule which everywhere attaches itself to poverty.
I can conceive nothing so respectable as the spirit which rises above misfortune, and prefers honourable privations to debt or dependence
I think that it's upside down.
The Master saw no hardship in passing the night by the hall fire, wrapt in his campaign-cloak.
Caleb was as bold as any lion where the honour of the family of Ravenswood was concerned.
Archeologists have discovered more than mummies at a burial site dating to the Ptolemaic era, according to the antiquities ministry.
The mummies were wrapped in linen.
This female archaeologist is interested in the daily life of ordinary people.
Mary translated the hieroglyphs.
Tom translated the hieroglyphs.
Tom tried to translate the hieroglyphs.
Please bring some sandwiches.
The archaeologist found the entrance to a tomb.
Tom found the entrance to a tomb.
Tom found the entrance to an ancient tomb.
There's an open-plan kitchen.
I'll be paying that off for the rest of my life.
Mary wants an open-plan kitchen.
The kitchen is white.
His daughter did not speak much, but she smiled.
A right may be good in law, and ascertained to be so, which yet a man of honour may not in every case care to avail himself of.
Your spirit goes before your wit.
He wrapt his cloak around him, fell asleep, and dreamed of Lucy Ashton till daylight gleamed through the lattices.
The feelings which he could not but entertain towards Lucy Ashton had to support a severe conflict against those which he had so long nourished against her father.
To clasp in friendship the hand of the enemy of his house, to entertain him under his roof, to exchange with him the courtesies and the kindness of domestic familiarity, was a degradation which his proud spirit could not be bent to without a struggle.
Mary cut herself chopping the vegetables.
Tom cut himself chopping the vegetables.
Tom cut himself chopping the onions.
Tom cut himself chopping the carrots.
There's a wildflower meadow behind the house.
Mary asked Tom to chop the onions.
As he pronounced these words, he raised his eyes, and suddenly encountered those of Lucy Ashton.
When their eyes encountered each other, both blushed deeply, conscious of some strong internal emotion, and shunned again to meet each other's looks.
When their eyes encountered each other, both blushed deeply.
"A castle indeed!" he continued, looking around him; "why, this is worse than a coupe-gorge house, where they receive travellers to plunder them of their property."
“You insolent rascal,” said the Master, raising his cane.
If you do not depart without uttering another syllable, I will batoon you to death!
I have known a rogue make a better defence than an innocent man could have done in the same circumstances of suspicion. Having no consciousness of innocence to support him, such a fellow applies himself to all the advantages which the law will afford him, and sometimes—if his counsel be men of talent—succeeds in compelling his judges to receive him as innocent.
The tears began to start from Lucy's blue eyes at viewing this unexpected and moving scene.
"Dry your eyes, Lucy," said her father.
Tom guided Mary's horse carefully down the rocky path.
No man knows so well as Bittlebrains on which side his bread is buttered.
And, at the same instant, Lucy entered at another door, having changed her dress since her return.
The exquisite feminine beauty of her countenance, now shaded only by a profusion of sunny tresses; the sylph-like form, disencumbered of her heavy riding-skirt and mantled in azure silk; the grace of her manner and of her smile, cleared, with a celerity which surprised the Master himself, all the gloomy and unfavourable thoughts which had for some time overclouded his fancy.
She seemed to be an angel descended on earth.
She seemed to be an angel descended on earth, unallied to the coarse mortals among whom she deigned to dwell for a season.
Such is the power of beauty over a youthful and enthusiastic fancy.
The feast of Ravenswood Castle was as remarkable for its profusion as that of Wolf's Crag had been for its ill-veiled penury.
They now approached the hut of Old Alice.
The old woman was on her accustomed seat beneath the weeping birch, basking, with the listless enjoyment of age and infirmity, in the beams of the autumn sun.
At the arrival of her visitors she turned her head towards them.
Wow, this is beautiful.
Wow! This is beautiful.
Wow! This is so beautiful!
My hearing, my child, has been sharpened by my blindness, and I can now draw conclusions from the slightest sounds, which formerly reached my ears as unheeded as they now approach yours.
Necessity is a stern but an excellent schoolmistress.
The Master sat down beside her on the earthen bank, and permitted her to touch his features with her trembling hand.
Let me pass my old hand over your face.
Do you suppose me so foolish, that I cannot walk by a young lady's side without plunging headlong in love with her?
If my mortal sight is closed to objects present with me, it may be so that I can look with more steadiness into future events.
"Lucy Ashton loves you, Lord of Ravenswood!" "It is impossible," said the Master.
She is looking at our fruit.
Lucy is afraid to walk home alone.
It doesn't look very pretty.
It looks very pretty.
He found Lucy seated alone by the ruin.
She sat upon one of the disjointed stones of the ancient fountain, and seemed to watch the progress of its current, as it bubbled forth to daylight, in gay and sparkling profusion, from under the shadow of the ribbed and darksome vault.
To a superstitious eye, Lucy Ashton, folded in her plaided mantle, with her long hair, escaping partly from the snood and falling upon her silver neck, might have suggested the idea of the murdered Nymph of the fountain.
But Ravenswood only saw a female exquisitely beautiful, and rendered yet more so in his eyes—how could it be otherwise?—by the consciousness that she had placed her affections on him.
As he gazed on her, he felt his fixed resolution melting like wax in the sun.
She saluted him, but did not arise from the stone on which she was seated.
Tom sat down on the grass.
“I like this spot,” said Lucy at length, as if she found the silence embarrassing.
I like this spot.
The bubbling murmur of the clear fountain, the waving of the trees, the profusion of grass and wild-flowers that rise among the ruins, make it like a scene in romance.
She laid her hand, in all simplicity and kindness, upon the skirt of his cloak, as if to detain him.
My preparations are already made—a sword and a cloak, and a bold heart and a determined hand.
Lucy covered her face with her hands, and the tears, in spite of her, forced their way between her fingers.
“Forgive me,” said Ravenswood, taking her right hand, which, after slight resistance, she yielded to him, still continuing to shade her face with the left.
I am too rude—too rough—too intractable to deal with any being so soft and gentle as you are.
Lucy wept on, but her tears were less bitter.
Each attempt which the Master made to explain his purpose of departure only proved a new evidence of his desire to stay.
Each attempt which the Master made to explain his purpose of departure only proved a new evidence of his desire to stay; until, at length, instead of bidding her farewell, he gave his faith to her for ever, and received her troth in return.
The whole passed so suddenly, and arose so much out of the immediate impulse of the moment, that before the Master of Ravenswood could reflect upon the consequences of the step which he had taken, their lips, as well as their hands, had pledged the sincerity of their affection.
“And now,” he said, after a moment's consideration, “it is fit I should speak to Sir William Ashton; he must know of our engagement. Ravenswood must not seem to dwell under his roof to solicit clandestinely the affections of his daughter.”
I am sure he loves you—I think he will consent; but then my mother——!
Were my mother to see you—to know you, I am sure she would approve.
Ravenswood fixed upon her his keen dark eyes, as if he was desirous of penetrating into her very soul.
In the evening which succeeded my poor father's funeral, I cut a lock from my hair, and, as it consumed in the fire, I swore that my rage and revenge should pursue his enemies, until they shrivelled before me like that scorched-up symbol of annihilation.
“It was a deadly sin,” said Lucy, turning pale, “to make a vow so fatal.”
It was for your sake that I abjured these purposes of vengeance.
"If such are your sentiments," said Lucy, "you have played a cruel game with me."
“You do me injustice,” said the Master of Ravenswood.
If I mentioned the price at which I have bought your love, it is only to show how much I prize it.
Ravenswood pleaded, apologised, and even kneeled, to appease her displeasure.
They broke betwixt them the thin broad-piece of gold.
“And never shall this leave my bosom,” said Lucy, as she hung the piece of gold round her neck, and concealed it with her handkerchief, “until you, Edgar Ravenswood, ask me to resign it to you; and, while I wear it, never shall that heart acknowledge another love than yours.”
Ravenswood placed his portion of the coin opposite to his heart.
As they arose to leave the fountain which had been witness of their mutual engagement, an arrow whistled through the air, and struck a raven perched on the sere branch of an old oak, near to where they had been seated.
The bird fluttered a few yards and dropped at the feet of Lucy, whose dress was stained with some spots of its blood.
Do you know that the ravens are all under the protection of the Lords of Ravenswood?
Lucy commenced some apology for their long delay, but, conscience-struck, became confused as she proceeded; and when Ravenswood, coming to her assistance, endeavoured to render the explanation complete and satisfactory, he only involved himself in the same disorder, like one who, endeavouring to extricate his companion from a slough, entangles himself in the same tenacious swamp.
It cannot be supposed that the confusion of the two youthful lovers escaped the observation of the subtle lawyer, accustomed, by habit and profession, to trace human nature through all her windings.
He loved the ostentatious display of his wealth, less as a man to whom habit has made it necessary, than as one to whom it is still delightful from its novelty.
I would rather endure the poverty of Wolf's Crag than be pestered with the wealth of Ravenswood Castle.
Lucy sighed. She perceived too plainly that her lover held in scorn the manners and habits of her father.
Thus, although their mutual affection seemed to increase rather than to be diminished as their characters opened more fully on each other, the feelings of each were mingled with some less agreeable ingredients.
Lucy felt a secret awe, amid all her affection for Ravenswood.
His soul was of an higher, prouder character than those with whom she had hitherto mixed in intercourse.
His ideas were more fierce and free; and he contemned many of the opinions which had been inculcated upon her as chiefly demanding her veneration.
On the other hand, Ravenswood saw in Lucy a soft and flexible character, which, in his eyes at least, seemed too susceptible of being moulded to any form by those with whom she lived.
He felt that his own temper required a partner of a more independent spirit, who could set sail with him on his course of life, resolved as himself to dare indifferently the storm and the favouring breeze.
He felt that his own temper required a partner of a more independent spirit.
He sometimes became impatient of the extreme fear which she expressed of their attachment being prematurely discovered.
Thus the very points in which they differed seemed, in some measure, to ensure the continuance of their mutual affection.
I will never wed man without the consent of my parents, yet neither force nor persuasion shall dispose of my hand till you renounce the right I have given you to it.
He reaped many advantages from his friend's good fortune.
I can hold my own, both with single rapier, backsword, sword and dagger, broadsword, or case of falchions.
“It is my mother—it is my mother!” said Lucy, turning as pale as ashes, and clasping her hands together as she looked at Ravenswood.
“And if it be Lady Ashton,” said her lover to her in a low tone, “what can be the occasion of such alarm? Surely the return of a lady to the family from which she has been so long absent should excite other sensations than those of fear and dismay.”
“You do not know my mother,” said Miss Ashton, in a tone almost breathless with terror.
What will she say when she sees you in this place!
The nobility and gentry of Scotland, at this period, were remarkable even to extravagance for the number of their servants, whose services were easily purchased in a country where men were numerous beyond proportion to the means of employing them.
As her carriage, therefore, stopped, the arm of the attentive husband was ready to assist Lady Ashton in dismounting.
Looking as if she saw him not, she put his arm aside, and requested that of Captain Craigengelt, who stood by the coach with his laced hat under his arm.
Taking hold of this respectable person's arm as if to support her, Lady Ashton traversed the court, uttering a word or two by way of direction to the servants, but not one to Sir William, who in vain endeavoured to attract her attention.
Some arrangements about his horse and baggage formed the pretext for his sudden retreat.
Lady Ashton led the way, and her lord followed somewhat like a condemned criminal, to her ladyship's dressing-room.
So soon as the spouses had both entered, her ladyship gave way to that fierce audacity of temper which she had with difficulty suppressed, out of respect to appearances.
What is it that displeases you?
Why is it that, on your return after so long an absence, I am arraigned in this manner?
Ask your own conscience, Sir William, what has prompted you to become a renegade to your political party and opinions, and led you, for what I know, to be on the point of marrying your only daughter to a beggarly Jacobite bankrupt, the inveterate enemy of your family to the boot.
“Is it possible for me, with ordinary decency, to turn a young gentleman out of my house, who saved my daughter's life and my own, but the other morning, as it were?
“Saved your life! I have heard of that story,” said the lady. “The Lord Keeper was scared by a dun cow, and he takes the young fellow who killed her for Guy of Warwick: any butcher from Haddington may soon have an equal claim on your hospitality.”
“You will not?” asked the lady. “No, by heavens, madam!” her husband replied; “ask me anything congruent with common decency, as to drop his acquaintance by degrees, or the like; but to bid him leave my house is what I will not and cannot consent to.”
“Then the task of supporting the honour of the family will fall on me, as it has often done before,” said the lady.
Think what you are doing, Lady Ashton: you are making a mortal enemy of a young man who is likely to have the means of harming us——” “Did you ever know a Douglas who feared an enemy?” answered the lady, contemptuously.
I wash my hands of it entirely.
My Lord Marquis, your kinsman, if Mr. Ravenswood has the honour to be so, has made the attempt privately to secure the affections of this young and inexperienced girl.
Sir William Ashton, your daughter has been simple enough to give more encouragement than she ought to have done to so very improper a suitor.
I cannot allow you to express any hasty resolution on a subject so important.
The lady smiled, courtesied, and gave her hand to the Marquis.
An apology, founded upon a slight indisposition, was alleged as an excuse for the absence of Miss Ashton, whose seat appeared unoccupied.
At first he spurred his horse at a quick pace through an avenue of the park, as if, by rapidity of motion, he could stupefy the confusion of feelings with which he was assailed.
The path in which he found himself led him to the Mermaiden's Fountain, and to the cottage of Alice.
His horse, which was moving slowly forward, suddenly interrupted its steady and composed pace, snorted, reared, and, though urged by the spur, refused to proceed, as if some object of terror had suddenly presented itself.
On looking to the fountain, Ravenswood discerned a female figure, dressed in a white, or rather greyish, mantle, placed on the very spot on which Lucy Ashton had reclined.
The figure turned as he addressed it, and displayed to his wondering eyes the features, not of Lucy Ashton, but of old blind Alice.
“My lord, I am much indebted for the interest you have taken in my affairs,” said Ravenswood.
Her dress was composed of white satin and Brussels lace, and her hair arranged with a profusion of jewels.
Her dress was composed of white satin and Brussels lace, and her hair arranged with a profusion of jewels, whose lustre made a strange contrast to the deadly paleness of her complexion, and to the trouble which dwelt in her unsettled eye.
“Ask me no questions, dear Henry,” said his unfortunate sister; “there is little more can happen to make me either glad or sorry in this world.”
I am to have a scarlet laced coat, and a feathered hat, and a swordbelt, double bordered with gold, and point d'Espagne, and a dagger.
I should like a sword much better, but my father won't hear of it.
The boy's chatter was here interrupted by the arrival of Lady Ashton.
Hardly had Miss Ashton dropped the pen, when the door of the apartment flew open, and the Master of Ravenswood entered the apartment.
Lucy seemed stiffened to stone by this unexpected apparition.
Ravenswood had more the appearance of one returned from the dead than of a living visitor.
He planted himself full in the middle of the apartment, opposite to the table at which Lucy was seated.
His dark-coloured riding cloak, displaced from one shoulder, hung around one side of his person in the ample folds of the Spanish mantle.
The rest of his rich dress was travel-soiled, and deranged by hard riding.
He had a sword by his side, and pistols in his belt.
His slouched hat, which he had not removed at entrance, gave an additional gloom to his dark features.
The matted and dishevelled locks of hair which escaped from under his hat, together with his fixed and unmoved posture, made his head more resemble that of a marble bust than that of a living man.
He said not a single word, and there was a deep silence in the company for more than two minutes.
Why do you stand staring as if you saw a ghost?
My son, I command you—Bucklaw, I entreat you—keep the peace, in the name of the Queen and of the law!
In the name of Him who brought peace on earth and good-will to mankind, I implore—I beseech—I command you to forbear violence towards each other!
God hateth the bloodthirsty man; he who striketh with the sword shall perish with the sword.
Let me go, Bucklaw! He shall account to me, or, by Heavens, I will stab him where he stands!
"You shall not touch him here," said Bucklaw; "he once gave me my life."
Lucy remained silent.
I must and will hear the truth from her own mouth; without this satisfaction I will not leave this spot.
Murder me by numbers you possibly may; but I am an armed man—I am a desperate man, and I will not die without ample vengeance.
"Now, choose,” he said, drawing his sword with the right hand, and, with the left, by the same motion taking a pistol from his belt and cocking it, but turning the point of one weapon and the muzzle of the other to the ground.
Choose if you will have this hall floated with blood, or if you will grant me the decisive interview with my affianced bride which the laws of God and the country alike entitle me to demand.
All recoiled at the sound of his voice and the determined action by which it was accompanied.
Let then, the Master of Ravenswood have the interview on which he insisteth; it can but be as a passing pang to this honourable maiden, since her faith is now irrevocably pledged to the choice of her parents.
"Never!" answered Lady Ashton, whose rage had now overcome her first surprise and terror—"never shall this man speak in private with my daughter, the affianced bride of another!"
Pass from this room who will, I remain here.
I fear neither his violence nor his weapons.
"For God's sake, madam," answered the worthy divine, "add not fuel to firebrands."
“Ravenswood,” said Colonel Ashton, crossing him as he went out, “you shall account for this ere long.” “When you please,” replied Ravenswood.
Ravenswood sheathed his sword, uncocked and returned his pistol to his belt.
He raised his hat from his forehead, and gazing upon Lucy with eyes in which an expression of sorrow overcame their late fierceness, spread his dishevelled locks back from his face, and said, "Do you know me, Miss Ashton? I am still Edgar Ravenswood."
She was silent, and he went on with increasing vehemence: “I am still that Edgar Ravenswood who, for your affection, renounced the dear ties by which injured honour bound him to seek vengeance. I am that Ravenswood who, for your sake, forgave, nay, clasped hands in friendship with, the oppressor and pillager of his house, the traducer and murderer of his father.”
I am that Ravenswood to whom you granted the solemn engagement which you now desire to retract and cancel.
Lucy's bloodless lips could only falter out the words, “It was my mother.”
“She speaks truly,” said Lady Ashton, “it WAS I who, authorised alike by the laws of God and man, advised her, and concurred with her, to set aside an unhappy and precipitate engagement, and to annul it by the authority of Scripture itself.”
"There, madam," he said, laying down before Lucy the signed paper and the broken piece of gold—"there are the evidences of your first engagement; may you be more faithful to the one which you have just formed."
I will be no longer an intruder here.
Your evil wishes, and your worse offices, Lady Ashton, I will only return by hoping these will be your last machinations against your daughter's honour and happiness.
Having uttered these words, he turned on his heel and left the apartment.
He departed with the speed of a demon dismissed by the exorcist.
After the dreadful scene that had taken place at the castle, Lucy was transported to her own chamber, where she remained for some time in a state of absolute stupor.
Lady Ashton became much alarmed and consulted the family physicians.
Miss Ashton never alluded to what had passed in the state-room.
She was often observed to raise her hands to her neck, as if in search of the ribbon that had been taken from it, and mutter, in surprise and discontent, when she could not find it, “It was the link that bound me to life.”
She resolved that the marriage should take place upon the day that had been previously fixed.
On the eve of the bridal day, Lucy appeared to have one of her fits of levity, and surveyed with a degree of girlish interest the various preparations of dress, etc., etc., which the different members of the family had prepared for the occasion.
The morning dawned bright and cheerily.
The bridal guests assembled in gallant troops from distant quarters.
The bride was led forth betwixt her brother Henry and her mother.
Her gaiety of the preceding day had given place to a deep shade of melancholy.
There was a light in her eyes and a colour in her cheek which had not been kindled for many a day, and which, joined to her great beauty, and the splendour of her dress, occasioned her entrance to be greeted with an universal murmur of applause.
Sir William Ashton, a man of peace and of form, censured his son Henry for having begirt himself with a military sword of preposterous length, belonging to his brother, Colonel Ashton.
“If you must have a weapon,” he said, “upon such a peaceful occasion, why did you not use the short poniard sent from Edinburgh on purpose?”
But never mind, get to horse now, and take care of your sister.
The boy did so, and was placed in the centre of the gallant train.
At the time, he was too full of his own appearance, his sword, his laced cloak, his feathered hat, and his managed horse, to pay much regard to anything else.
He afterwards remembered to the hour of his death, that when the hand of his sister, by which she supported herself on the pillion behind him, touched his own, it felt as wet and cold as sepulchral marble.
Glancing wide over hill and dale, the fair bridal procession at last reached the parish church, which they nearly filled.
The marriage ceremony was performed according to the rites of the Presbyterian persuasion.
They reached the castle in safety, amid a thousand joyous acclamations.
It is well known that the weddings of ancient days were celebrated with a festive publicity rejected by the delicacy of modern times.
The marriage guests, on the present occasion, were regaled with a banquet of unbounded profusion.
The marriage guests, on the present occasion, were regaled with a banquet of unbounded profusion, the relics of which, after the domestics had feasted in their turn, were distributed among the shouting crowd.
According to strict etiquette, the bride ought to have opened the ball; but Lady Ashton, making an apology on account of her daughter's health, offered her own hand to Bucklaw as substitute for her daughter's.
But as Lady Ashton raised her head gracefully, expecting the strain at which she was to begin the dance, she was so much struck by an unexpected alteration in the ornaments of the apartment that she was surprised into an exclamation, “Who has dared to change the pictures?”
All looked up, and those who knew the usual state of the apartment observed, with surprise, that the picture of Sir William Ashton's father was removed from its place, and in its stead that of old Sir Malise Ravenswood seemed to frown wrath and vengeance upon the party assembled below.
The obnoxious picture was immediately removed, and the ball was opened by Lady Ashton, with a grace and dignity which supplied the charms of youth.
The instruments now played their loudest strains; the dancers pursued their exercise with all the enthusiasm inspired by youth, mirth, and high spirits, when a cry was heard so shrill and piercing as at once to arrest the dance and the music.
All stood motionless; but when the yell was again repeated, Colonel Ashton snatched a torch from the sconce, and demanding the key of the bridal-chamber from Henry, to whom, as bride's-man, it had been entrusted.
Arrived at the door of the apartment, Colonel Ashton knocked and called, but received no answer except stifled groans.
He hesitated no longer to open the door of the apartment, in which he found opposition from something which lay against it.
When he had succeeded in opening the door, the body of the bridegroom was found lying on the threshold of the bridal chamber, and all around was flooded with blood.
A cry of surprise and horror was raised by all present.
Search for her; she has murdered him!
Bucklaw, who still breathed, was raised from the ground, and transported to another apartment, where his friends, full of suspicion and murmuring, assembled round him to learn the opinion of the surgeon.
In the meanwhile, Lady Ashton, her husband, and their assistants in vain sought Lucy in the bridal bed and in the chamber.
There was no private passage from the room, and they began to think that she must have thrown herself from the window, when one of the company, holding his torch lower than the rest, discovered something white in the corner of the great old-fashioned chimney of the apartment.
Here they found the unfortunate girl seated, or rather couched like a hare upon its form—her head-gear dishevelled, her night-clothes torn and dabbled with blood, her eyes glazed, and her features convulsed into a wild paroxysm of insanity.
When she saw herself discovered, she gibbered, made mouths, and pointed at them with her bloody fingers, with the frantic gestures of an exulting demoniac.
The unutterable agony of the parents, the horror and confusion of all who were in the castle, the fury of contending passions between the friends of the different parties—passions augmented by previous intemperance—surpass description.
All night she remained delirious. On the morning, she fell into a state of absolute insensibility.
As soon as she put her hand to her neck, as if to search for the fatal blue ribbon, a tide of recollections seemed to rush upon her, which her mind and body were alike incapable of bearing.
Convulsion followed convulsion, till they closed in death, without her being able to utter a word explanatory of the fatal scene.
The fatal weapon was found in the chamber smeared with blood. It was the same poniard which Henry should have worn on the wedding-day, and the unhappy sister had probably contrived to secrete on the preceding evening, when it had been shown to her among other articles of preparation for the wedding.
“I wish you all,” he said, “my friends, to understand, however, that I have neither story to tell nor injuries to avenge. If a lady shall question me henceforward upon the incident of that unhappy night, I shall remain silent, and in future consider her as one who has shown herself desirous to break of her friendship with me; in a word, I will never speak to her again. But if a gentleman shall ask me the same question, I shall regard the incivility as equivalent to an invitation to meet him in the Duke's Walk, and I expect that he will rule himself accordingly.”
Bucklaw afterwards went abroad, and never returned to Scotland; nor was he known ever to hint at the circumstances attending his fatal marriage.
“Do not,” he said, “urge to farther desperation a wretch who is already desperate. Enjoy your life while you can, and let me seek my death from another.”
You shall die by my hand.
You shall die by my hand, or you shall complete the ruin of my family by taking my life.
If you refuse my open challenge, there is no advantage I will not take of you, no indignity with which I will not load you, until the very name of Ravenswood shall be the sign of everything that is dishonourable, as it is already of all that is villainous.
I owe it to those who once owned it that the name of Ravenswood shall be extinguished without infamy.
I accept your challenge, time, and place of meeting.
“Then God have mercy on the soul of him who falls!” said Ravenswood.
Now, break off, for we shall be interrupted. The links by the sea-shore to the east of Wolf's Hope; the hour, sunrise; our swords our only weapons.
The Master of Ravenswood took his horse, which was tied to a tree behind the church.
He rode to Wolf's Hope, that night, and took up his abode in the little inn, in order that he might be ready for his rendezvous in the morning.
Caleb hastened to the eastern battlement, which commanded the prospect of the whole sands, very near as far as the village of Wolf's Hope. He could easily see his master riding in that direction, as fast as the horse could carry him.
Tom rode as fast as his horse could carry him.
Colonel Ashton, frantic for revenge, was already in the field, pacing the turf with eagerness, and looking with impatience towards the Tower for the arrival of his antagonist.
The sun had now risen, and showed its broad disk above the eastern sea, so that he could easily discern the horseman who rode towards him with speed which argued impatience equal to his own.
At once the figure became invisible, as if it had melted into the air.
No trace whatever of horse or rider could be discerned.
One only vestige of his fate appeared. A large sable feather had been detached from his hat, and the rippling waves of the rising tide wafted it to Caleb's feet.
The tenacious depths of the quicksand, as is usual in such cases, retained its prey.
The family of Ashton did not long survive that of Ravenswood.
Lady Ashton lived to the verge of extreme old age.
Lady Ashton lived to the verge of extreme old age, the only survivor of the group of unhappy persons whose misfortunes were owing to her implacability.
That she might internally feel compunction, and reconcile herself with Heaven, whom she had offended, we will not, and we dare not, deny; but to those around her she did not evince the slightest symptom either of repentance or remorse. In all external appearance she bore the same bold, haughty, unbending character which she had displayed before these unhappy events.
A splendid marble monument records her name, titles, and virtues, while her victims remain undistinguished by tomb or epitath.
The fatal weapon was found in the chamber smeared with blood.
Tom cried as he chopped the onions.
Why do we cry when cutting onions?
Let the onion chill in the fridge for minutes before chopping.
In that pleasant district of merry England which is watered by the river Don, there extended in ancient times a large forest, covering the greater part of the beautiful hills and valleys which lie between Sheffield and the pleasant town of Doncaster.
Here haunted of yore the fabulous Dragon of Wantley.
Here were fought many of the most desperate battles during the Civil Wars of the Roses.
Here also flourished in ancient times those bands of gallant outlaws, whose deeds have been rendered so popular in English song.
I called him but he wasn't there.
He likes Italian cuisine.
She put her baby in the bed.
I asked about her stomach, because yesterday she wasn't feeling well.
Ingenious solutions often capture our attention because of their simplicity.
General is a higher rank than colonel.
That child is afraid of the dark.
I don't enjoy aimless chatter.
Don't forget to buy chicken.
The horizon grew wider.
Put it in the washing machine.
I read through the document again.
I reread the document.
Neither joy nor sadness lasts forever.
I'm afraid that he has already gone out.
His wife liked to entertain.
That is a great deal more expensive.
How can you be certain that it's really about him?
They sell antique rugs.
She put her baby to bed.
He left work early. He only put in three hours today.
Don't believe a word he says, he's lying through his teeth.
You're such a pain in the neck!
She won the debate hands down.
No, I didn't see it. Do you think I have eyes in the back of my head?
The hunter remained very still waiting for the deer to come into view.
Anger is the beginning of folly.
Why did you give him the finger? I'm shocked by your vulgar gesture.
Tom was playing a game on his phone.
Mary was playing a game on her iPad.
Stop playing these stupid games on your phone.
He has been living in Kobe for two days.
If you have tried to quit smoking and failed, don't let that be an obstacle. The more times you try to quit, the greater your chance of success. Maybe you weren't ready last time.
The largest animal on land is the elephant.
Elephants are the largest land animals.
You were snoring last night.
This book has no pictures.
This house has lots of windows.
The blue whale is the largest animal to have ever existed.
I rescued them.
I hugged them.
The cranium contains the brain.
Tom is a lover of nature.
Mary is a lover of nature.
Tom solved the CAPTCHA.
Identify all the traffic lights in this picture.
Identify all the fire hydrants in this picture.
Identify all the buses in this picture.
Identify all the cars in this picture.
This is a beautiful meadow.
The meadow is full of wildflowers.
Tom failed to solve the CAPTCHA.
Identify all the storefronts in this picture.
The Fibonacci sequence is found everywhere in the natural world.
The Fibonacci sequence is found everywhere in nature.
The Golden Ratio is found everywhere in nature.
The Fibonacci spiral is found everywhere in nature.
Tom was very drunk and was not steady on his feet.
That makes me tipsy.
He was unable to attend the meeting.
No one likes to hear his or her own work criticized.
I have four employees.
I haven't seen a Walkman for ages. Are you still using yours?
Do you still have the book?
Give grandma a kiss.
They hope their delivery truck will be repaired by the end of the week.
Americans are tall.
He settled the dispute.
I'm having a birthday party.
Where did they buy those shoes?
My profession? Poet and humbug.
Tom is Muslim, but his parents aren't.
You are sick and confined to bed.
Are you really going to spend your life here?
Are you really planning to spend the rest of your life here?
Both of Tom's parents are dead.
I'm pretty high right now.
Mary has left her husband.
I'm not used to the noise.
Tom is rather optimistic, isn't he?
I'm pretty cold right now.
Since I was carrying a suitcase in each hand, I pushed the door open with my elbow.
Tom is thirty years old, but he looks much older.
Tom is working at the new restaurant on Park Street.
I've already finished dinner.
I've already had my breakfast.
I held the umbrella over Tom.
Tom ran to his car because he didn't have an umbrella.
Tom said that he wanted to borrow my umbrella.
Tom was carrying an umbrella under his arm.
It was cloudy, so I took an umbrella with me.
It looked like rain, so I took an umbrella with me.
Let me under your umbrella.
I grabbed Tom's umbrella by mistake.
I left my umbrella in the phone booth.
It was wise of Tom to take his umbrella with him.
If you have an extra umbrella, can I borrow it?
I've lost my umbrella. I have to buy a new one.
I know her name.
Tom will do everything for us.
They cried.
She cries.
Come on, Tom, calm down!
The others need to be warned.
I tried to warn her, but she doesn't listen to anyone.
Without me, you wouldn't get anything done.
Without me, you wouldn't accomplish anything.
This rule has no exception.
I need to shovel snow off the roof.
You cleaned your house.
You cleaned up the house.
Dad doesn't eat a lot of fruit.
This painting is by a local artist.
Don't forget to take your umbrella when you leave here.
I don't think Tom is the one who stole my umbrella.
I seem to have left my umbrella on the train.
I may have left my umbrella on the bus.
It was careless of Tom to leave his umbrella on the train.
My father doesn't eat all that much fruit.
Tom often forgets his umbrella at school.
It looks like rain. You'd better take an umbrella with you.
I made some stew. Do you want some?
There's some stew in the pot on the stove if you want some.
Do you have any idea where Tom might've left his camera?
Tom has been trying to talk his father into buying a car.
It is not forbidden by law.
Photography and videotaping are forbidden.
I was too excited to say a word.
She's too excited to be able to say anything.
I support your proposal.
Did you sell anyone this medicine today?
Which way are we going?
We're going a different way.
She likes Lake Mashū.
I don't like taking chances
You can do it, let's go, I'm with you
I'm centimeters tall
She remembers the car of Mr. Blek
The museum is on the corner
Tom is really busy today, isn't he?
I'm very worried about it.
Was Tom the one who did that?
I'm sticking with my plan.
Neither Tom nor I'll do that.
I'm really angry about it.
Why are you so afraid of Tom?
I'm pretty weak right now.
Tom ate my dessert.
I'm pretty warm right now.
I know what her name is.
I don't know that guy's name.
I don't know what that guy's name is.
Do you know what that guy's name is?
Do you know that guy's name?
Tom told me about what happened at school yesterday.
Happy Lunar New Year!
is the Year of the Pig.
People burned incense sticks at the Buddhist temple to welcome the New Year.
Tom had an allergic reaction.
What are you allergic to?
Roll up your sleeve.
I've got no plans tonight.
Tom has a drug allergy.
Are you allergic to work?
Tom doodled in his notebook.
Mary works at an art gallery.
Tom is allergic to penicillin.
Tom ate some trail mix.
Tom rummaged around his backpack.
Tom ate a PBJ sandwich.
Tom still works at the same bar that he worked at when he was a college student.
Stop! You're hurting Tom.
Tom ate at the Golden Dragon.
Don't come in. I'm naked.
Tom and Mary ate at the Golden Dragon restaurant.
Tom ordered steam buns.
Don't bother to try to convince Tom to do that.
Check your answers with Tom's.
Compare your answers with Tom's.
I don't have any plans for tonight.
I have no plans for tonight.
Get to know Tom.
Put on your masks.
Don't tell me Tom is dead.
See you in my office.
Take off your coat and stay a while.
Take your coat off and stay a while.
Plug up that leak.
Please vote for me.
Please hold the door open for me.
Help Tom tie his shoes.
Don't work too much.
Get me some ice cubes.
Get some ice cubes for me.
Spread the news.
I didn't sign anything like this.
Leave immediately.
Get out of the kitchen.
This happened in Berber class.
I used the bathroom in Berber class.
We don't have Berber class.
Mary is a natural beauty.
I am very happy to see you again.
It is very nice to see you again.
Does he have a chance in winning the election?
Obviously, we don't know if those thermos flasks are their own.
He is reading books.
Don't drop this cup.
Go back.
This film is very good to watch.
This film is very nice to look at.
He listened to my suggestion.
You go to work.
You are going to work.
We lack one spoon.
We need one more spoon.
He was harshly criticized.
He was harshly criticised.
He underwent severe criticism.
Would you be able to take a picture of us?
Pull up your stockings.
You made your bed.
He left to replace his father.
We have a duty not to forget history.
He goes to replace his father.
You are my saviour.
I drank a cup of water.
Translate Persian literature into Esperanto.
The plan was carried out.
The plan was executed.
Would you like to eat a roll for lunch?
Would you like to eat a bun for lunch?
Would you like some bread for lunch?
He became a popular singer.
I was overtaken by a car.
I was overtaken by one car.
He looked at my beautiful tulip.
My teacher writes Chinese without a mistake!
I will always remember that.
I will remember that forever.
They are two years younger than Tom.
They took off my clothes in front of her eyes.
Go! Everybody can start to go!
Let Bob cook.
Good times are always good days.
This is not difficult.
'Teng' and 'Cheng' rhyme.
'Teng' and 'cheng' are rhyming words.
You are still eating.
His son is learning to drive.
She is going to buy something tomorrow, so she is happy.
We will fly in a helicopter.
They're painting the cemetery wall.
Young people are not shy to sing in front of others.
Her article was published today.
They have beautiful blue eyes.
He bent down.
Tom inherited his grandfather's farm.
Doing science is fun.
The sapling became a tree.
The small sapling became a big tree.
Tie the dog to a tree.
Stop hitting the cat.
Keep Tom and Mary happy.
Keep Tom happy.
We should ask Tom to help us.
I've said this all before.
Why are you staying with Tom?
I've said all this before.
Tom behaved rudely.
I've just locked the door.
That house over there is Tom's.
I've got to keep this one.
Tom and Mary are homesick.
I'm working on doing that.
Promise me that you won't get mad.
Promise me you won't get mad.
I find French much easier than English to speak.
I've got my hands full before 4pm
The knight swears an oath of allegiance to the King.
Nobody can refute that fact.
I'm unable to do manual labour.
Oi! Why aren't you running?
Everyone, get in position.
Can you fold the washing?
I need Tom's car.
Tom's car is needed
Even I don't know what to do
Throw it out.
What's the rush!?
Please smoke!
I'm here
Really refreshing!
Take a peek!
Serves you right.
Don't interrupt!
Don't cut in!
Look closely
Sit over here
Don't move
Kill him!
Let's listen to the radio!
Quickly go find it
Quick, Help me!
You should know!
Keep going
What practice?
I still live in Algeria.
He started speaking in Berber.
I listened and it was Berber.
He began to forget his Berber.
I don't have Berber books.
I texted her in Berber.
I usually text her in Berber.
The letter is probably written in Berber.
I heard two people speaking in Berber.
This language sounds like Berber.
They gave him the surprise of his life.
She started speaking in Berber.
He agreed to speak in Berber.
There's a special place in hell for those who promoted Brexit without even a sketch of a plan how to carry it out safely.
My wife is Berber.
I'm not sure what the word is in Berber for this kind of fig.
Tom made the decision to cut ties with the mafia and start life over.
My back hurts because I fell asleep on the floor yesterday.
Um, you dropped your hat.
"Why isn't Tom coming?" "He was talking about getting infected by a computer virus or something." "Hah, Tom did?" "Yeah, he's going to heat it out in bed." "I don't think I understand." "Me neither."
"Do you think one can fall in love with someone regardless of their body?" "Of course. But it depends on their personality."
I wonder if the test is going to end soon.
At the age of 18, Tom volunteered to join the army.
Even if the weather is bad, there's at least one good thing about it. I can write in my diary, and I can work on my Spanish as well.
I too have moments sometimes where I think I'm useless no matter how hard I try.
Are Tom and Mary really dating?
My hobbies are karate and calligraphy.
They say that alcohol is the best medicine, but drinking too much is poisonous to the body.
I want to style my hair so it's fluffy and feels snug.
That's it, isn't it. Yeah. I don't really get it though.
Not even going to work, do you want to keep living like this?
She got home at seven sharp.
A loud noise made her jump.
I woke up today at 12. Nevertheless, I did not oversleep.
If you want to find eternal quiet and peace, fighting is not enough; you must also conquer.
I don't know what time he can come.
I don't know when he can come.
This book was in his car yesterday.
You don't seem to be comfortable. Are you ill?
There is still minutes left; that is plenty of time.
He lives nearby to my house.
He came back.
He is back.
He is a tranny.
She doesn't like oral sex.
I have a friend whose father is a famous writer.
Do you have any foreign beer?
Is your father Spanish?
Is your father a Spaniard?
Can we drive to Madrid?
Is it already so late?
I wish I was the same height as Tom.
When facing this opportunity, you can't hesitate to take advantage of it.
Language is wonderful.
Today's lunch is soup.
What place were you just talking about?
"This one is a giant beetle parfait." "Hey. I don't remember asking for this."
Berber is not my first language.
Berber isn't my first language.
I study Berber.
I really need to learn Berber.
The man kept saying something in Berber.
We were watching the news in Berber.
This happened to me in my home country, in Algeria.
I decided to stop using Skype for a while.
I'm from Kabylie, Algeria.
It's useless, I'm not motivated today for some reason.
He speaks in Berber.
It is important to at least doubt what is thought to be common sense.
The time for sunset has gotten earlier, hasn't it?
"Is Tom there right now?" "He is. Do you want to talk with him?" "Yes, please." "Sure thing, please wait a moment. Tom, Mary says she wants to talk to you."
We conduct safety inspections here on a regular basis.
Pineapples are no good. When I eat them, the inside of my mouth gets itchy.
I wonder if something interesting will happen.
This work is fiction. It has no relationship with any real persons, organizations, etc.
If you're feeling hungry, then please eat!
For me, the truth is I dislike Tom.
It isn't just a human face.
I instructed how to do it properly. Why can't you do as you were told?
Recently, my hair has been damaged, and the split ends are terrible.
"Um, was Tom already here?" "Yeah, he arrived a bit early."
If you don't want to get hurt, then love and romance are not for you.
Ah, I forgot to apply sunscreen.
"Do you have a point card for our shop?" "No."
Really? You saying that sort of thing makes me really happy.
I wonder what the person who cooked with squid ink for the first time was thinking?
As always, thank you. You've helped me.
"Do you really love me?" "Yeah." "Then why haven't you told me you love me recently?"
Our father, you see; he's a person who only thinks about work all the time.
Bruno is suing his parents for giving birth to him.
In the first lesson, we will only learn the characters and pronunciation.
I think Mary looks cute with bangs.
Look, time goes on and on while we're doing this.
I know that Tom can be blunt, but the more hurtful one seems to be Mary, doesn't it?
"It's cold, isn't it? With it being this cold, you'd want to go into hibernation, wouldn't you?" "Eh, the colder weather stresses me out, but I'd rather sleep through the summer."
Generally, the sense whether or not an expression is natural can't really be relied on. For example, even if it feels unnatural, it is often easily due to lack of experience.
The smell of raw fish nauseates me.
How was the year for Tom?
Lots of butterflies are flying around the plants.
You will be initiating the discussion for this activity.
She is the musical director for this film.
Is Marika still living with her parents?
Be quiet, or you will be removed.
In the past, American women did not have the right to vote.
I am quitting smoking.
I've already been to his house but he wasn't there.
He has already gone to Switzerland.
I don't know which car I want to buy.
When will you go to Paris?
What is the name of your pharmacy?
'Tatoeba' means 'for example' in Japanese.
Of course I remember that scene.
We have a lot of bread. In terms of butter, we have more than enough.
I think that because he is a blunt person, many people do not like him.
No big deal!
Have you already eaten rice?
What is your pharmacy's name?
The majority of Japanese people drink tap water.
Tom studied Mary's résumé.
Tom is a senior partner.
Tom is a partner.
Tom is a junior partner.
Tom works as a greeter.
Tom rummaged around his daypack.
Tom works as an associate at Walmart.
The project was finished on time.
The project was finished on time and on budget.
The project was not finished on time.
The project was not finished on time and on budget.
Tom works at an art gallery.
Red-crowned parrots are native to northeastern Mexico.
At sunset every day, an almost deafening sound from the sky can be heard in a community just east of Los Angeles. It is the sound of parrots that have become a familiar part of life here.
At sunset every day, an almost deafening sound from the sky can be heard in a community just east of Los Angeles.
“There’s poop everywhere,” said Havolynn Rose Owaleon.
She and many of the residents in this area have gotten used to the parrots.
“They’re not quiet at all, but you know, it’s something that you listen for, ’cause if I didn’t hear them on a daily basis, then I know something is really wrong,” Owaleon said.
They're not quiet at all.
The parrots are not quiet at all.
The children are not quiet at all.
Red-crowned parrots, now a part of the ecosystem in Southern California, are descendants of immigrants.
Red-crowned parrots are originally from Tamaulipas, Mexico, where they are now endangered.
The parrots were poached in their native habitat, arrived in the United States and sold as pets.
Some of the parrots escaped or were released and have since multiplied and thrived in an urban environment.
Some of the parrots escaped.
The parrots are good at making a habitat for themselves in major cities, and this is what happened in Pasadena and East L.A.
As transplants to Southern California, the red-crowned parrots have become such permanent fixtures that they are on the California Bird Records Committee’s list of birds in the state.
“They’ve been naturalized as California citizens,” Heise said.
The red-eared slider turtles bask in the sun at the University of California Los Angeles Mildred E. Mathias Botanical Garden.
The turtles basked in the sun.
Tom basked in the sun.
Mary is basking in the sun.
These turtles are not native to California.
Often seen basking under the California sun near a body of water, red-eared slider turtles also are not native to the U.S. West Coast but originally immigrated here as pets, then were released or escaped into the wild.
Native to the central United States, the turtles have adapted and thrived across the United States and around the globe.
“Because this species is so commonly exploited for food and the pet industry, it’s the one that gets released the most often,” said Brad Shaffer, UCLA distinguished professor of ecology and evolutionary biology and director of the La Kretz Center for California Conservation Science.
The success of the red-eared slider turtles and red-crowned parrots in the Los Angeles area have some academics wondering whether a city can be a place to help endangered non-native animals, similar to the role of a zoo but better.
“At least it’s living in the wild. It’s making its own living. It’s having the lifestyle that turtles or that parrots should have; it’s just doing it in a different place,” Shaffer said.
This is an example of how animals, birds in this case, have used human created structures, such as this building, and made it a home. It is a building on the campus of University of California Los Angeles.
“We have put up major buildings. We’ve put up expanses of concrete. We’ve introduced a completely different vegetation, and in many cases, that’s led to a reduction of biodiversity because a lot of our created habitat is not hospitable to the native species. But the other side of that is that we’ve created new ecological niches and new kinds of habitats,” Heise said.
These artificial habitats could become new homes for birds, bugs or other creatures whose native home may be threatened.
This is an example of how animals, birds in this case, have used human created structures, such as this building, and made it a home.
Shaffer said any non-native species that is introduced would have to be carefully picked to minimize the risk of causing harm to the existing wildlife population in the city and beyond.
Even without human intervention, Shaffer warns that species will migrate outside of their native environment, potentially causing harm.
Off the shores of Newfoundland, Canada, an ecosystem is unraveling at the hands (or pincers) of an invasive crab.
Some 1,kilometers (miles) to the south, the same invasive crab — the European green crab — is helping New England marshes rebuild.
The invasive European green crab is tearing down ecosystems in Newfoundland and building them up on Cape Cod.
Around the world, invasive species are a major threat to many coastal ecosystems and the benefits they provide, from food to clean water.
Around the world, invasive species are a major threat to many coastal ecosystems and the benefits they provide, from food to clean water. Attitudes among scientists are evolving, however, as more research demonstrates that they occasionally carry a hidden upside.
"It's complicated," said Christina Simkanin, a biologist at the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center, "which isn't a super-satisfying answer if you want a direct, should we keep it or should we not? But it's the reality."
"It's complicated," said Tom.
"It's complicated," said Mary.
This isn't a super-satisfying answer.
I know this isn't a super-satisfying answer.
European green crabs have devastated eelgrass habitats, digging up native vegetation as they burrow for shelter or dig for prey.
The eelgrass population is down percent in places the crabs have moved into and some sites have suffered total collapse.
That's been devastating for fish that spend their juvenile days among the seagrass. Where the invasive crabs have moved in, the total weight of fish is down tenfold.
The loss of eelgrass also means these underwater meadows soak up less planet-warming carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
In Cape Cod, Massachusetts, the same crab is having the opposite impact.
Off the coast of New England, fishermen have caught too many striped bass and blue crabs.
Off the coast of New England, fishermen have caught too many striped bass and blue crabs. These species used to keep native crab populations in check. Without predators to hold them back, native crabs are devouring the marshes.
Without predators to hold them back, native crabs are devouring the marshes.
But the invasive European green crab pushes native crabs out of their burrows. Under pressure from the invader, native crabs are eating less marsh grass. Marshes are recovering, and their carbon storage capacity is growing with them.
The invasive reed Phragmites has been steadily overtaking a marsh scientists are studying.
Phragmites grows much taller, denser and with deeper roots than the native marsh grass it overruns.
Phragmites grows much taller, denser and with deeper roots than the native marsh grass it overruns. But those same traits that make it a powerful invader also mean it stores more carbon than native species.
"Phragmites has been referred to as a Jekyll and Hyde species," she said.
Phragmites plants growing on Staten Island draft in a breeze in the Oakwood Beach neighborhood of Staten Island.
The prevailing view among biologists is that non-native species should be presumed to be destructive unless proven otherwise.
"In a changing world, with a rapidly changing climate, we do expect there to be lots of cases where natives will no longer be as successful in a region. And some of the non-natives might actually step in and play some of those ecosystem services roles that we might want," he said.
A smelly invasive bug continues to spread across the United States, alarming both farmers and scientists.
The name of this insect is a mouthful: the brown marmorated stink bug.
Native to East Asia, the insect is causing crop losses from coast to coast in America.
One way scientists are following the spread of the brown marmorated stink bug is by setting traps.
There are four traps at the edge of a blueberry field at Oregon State University's North Willamette research farm.
OSU entomologist Vaughn Walton points to a brown bug with a body shaped like a medieval shield and distinctive white stripes on its antennae.
It's about the size of the fingernail on your ring finger.
It's called a stink bug for good reason.
"Many people say it's like a cilantro flavor," said Walton.
Some of the people in my lab used to like cilantro. Now they hate cilantro.
Here's why this bug invasion raises alarms.
A stink bug can transmit that flavor into berries and fruit when it feeds.
The stink bug can hide in wine grape clusters and then taint the juice when the grapes are crushed.
Stink bug bites leave blemishes on vegetables.
In places where we are not controlling the insect for experimental purposes, we easily see percent injury in those fruit.
North America has more than native stink bug species, but farmers don't worry about most of them. They are focused on the more voracious variety that comes from East Asia.
Scientists first detected it in the United States in Pennsylvania, in the late 1990's. The invasive species has multiplied and spread in all directions from there.
The Asian stink bug has now been detected in U.S. states and several Canadian provinces.
"Hopefully we'll learn how to control this pest," said farmer Michelle Armstrong, who grows sweet corn and vegetables.
We definitely see it as a major threat.
What will I do when this pest gets in my field? I don't have a lot of options.
Powerful insecticides do kill the bug, but also take out beneficial insects farmers want to keep around.
The Oregon State science team says the long term solution probably involves bringing in the stink bug's natural predators which exist in East Asia.
"There's a wide range of parasitoids and predators from there," Walton said. "We've imported them. They're in quarantine. You can't release them because they can potentially affect other good bugs that we don't want to be affected."
The Agriculture Department says it will take several more years of research before scientists are more certain there won't be unintended consequences from introducing another non-native species onto U.S. farms.
Sea lampreys attach to fish with a suction cup mouth ringed with sharp teeth.
Some non-native species are harmless, but others wreak havoc on other species, human health and the economy.
In an essay in the journal Nature, the Macalester College biology professor joins other scientists to argue that action to protect ecosystems should be based on species impact and not species origin.
Jennifer Nalbone is director of Invasive Species Navigation with Great Lakes United. The U.S. Canada coalition is dedicated to keeping aggressive invaders out of the lakes, and controlling those already there.
Zebra mussels arrived in the mid-1980’s in ship ballast water from the Black and Caspian Sea region, and have become a major threat to wildlife, navigation, and boating.
Mussels contributed to a valve problem in the 1990s at the Nine Mile Nuclear Power plant in Lake Ontario.
Each year zebra mussels cost the region between $million to $million.
Sea Lamprey is an eel-like fish native to the U.S. Atlantic coast that is also now found in the Great Lakes.
Twenty million dollars are spent each year to fight this parasitic pest.
The Asian Carp, which can grow up to a meter long and weigh as much as kilograms, is making its way north.
The voracious eater, imported by Midwestern fish farmers in the 1970s, could end up devastating the region’s billion dollar fishing industry.
The large, bell-shaped Devil's claw, which is native to Central and South America, was introduced into Australia in the 19th century.
Another example is tamarisk. The shrub was imported from Eurasia and Africa in the mid-1800s to control soil erosion in the American Southwest, but it spread to river systems across the West and up mountainsides, to elevations of 2,meters.
No two human beings are the same.
The Asian carp, a species of fish brought from China to the U.S. several decades ago, is a growing concern in the midwest state of Illinois.
The number of Asian carp in the state’s waterways has soared in recent years, choking out many native fish species.
"This fish is just as good-looking as a salmon or a lake trout or any others. So quit calling it ugly because it’s not ugly," he said.
No matter how the fish looks, Parola and fellow chef Tim Creehan are teaming up with Illinois state officials in a campaign to whet the public's appetite for the Asian carp. "It’s very palatable and very pleasing when you taste it," he said.
Parola and fellow chef Tim Creehan are teaming up with Illinois state officials in a campaign to whet the public's appetite for the Asian carp. "It’s very palatable and very pleasing when you taste it," he said.
Asian carp is widely consumed in China.
Asian carp, which are not really carp at all, feed on plankton and algae near the surface of rivers and lakes.
Asian carp, which are not really carp at all, feed on plankton and algae near the surface of rivers and lakes. That is why they're often seen jumping out of the water.
Travis Loyd says Asian carp is a clean fish, with low levels of mercury, that’s safe to eat.
Another reason many Americans avoid eating Asian carp is that it is bony, difficult to fillet and hard to sell in fresh fish markets.
Asian carp is cheap.
"The average price per pound of ocean fish is $a pound (or about $per kilogram) whole. This is looking at to cents (per pound, or about to cents per kilogram). So this is so affordable," he said.
Travis Loyd hopes greater interest in Asian carp as a food product will cause it to be more heavily fished out of lakes and streams.
He says that would not only reduce pressure on native fish species and the fragile Great Lakes ecosystem, but would also provide an economic boost at a time when unemployment in Illinois is high.
It could take some time before consumers see Asian carp on the menu in restaurants or in grocery store freezers.
Laurie Marker - founder and executive director of the Cheetah Conservation Fund - with the late Chewbaaka, a cheetah she raised since he was orphaned almost years ago.
Since ancient times, people have regarded cheetahs with awe for their beauty, grace and unique ability to reach speeds of up to kilometers per hour.
But today, the species - which once ranged across Africa, India and Asia, has dwindled to only 10,animals worldwide, primarily in African countries.
The species once numbered at 100,000.
Marker first started working with cheetahs in the early 1970s, when she ran a wildlife park in the state of Oregon.
At the time, nobody knew much about cheetahs.
The more people I asked, they said ‘When you find out something about cheetahs let us know. They don’t do well in captivity. They have a very short life span and we’re losing them throughout the ranges in the world.’ So that just made me fascinated and I wanted to know everything there was about them.
Marker traveled to Namibia - a southern African country which is home to the world’s largest wild cheetah population - to learn as much about the species as she could.
Spain is separated from the rest of Europe by the Pyrenees.
In 1990, Marker moved to Namibia permanently and founded the Cheetah Conservation Fund (CCF), a non-profit organization which conducts research and offers educational programs.
The center develops strategies to combat some of the biggest threats to cheetahs, including confrontations with livestock farmers.
Because cheetahs often prey on the cattle, sheep and goats that now graze on the African savannah, they are often killed by farmers.
Marker started working with local farming communities to find ways to protect their livestock from the big cats.
In 1994, she introduced the farmers to the Anatolian Shepherd, a breed originally from Turkey.
“This breed has been used for about 5,years to protect livestock from predators,” says Marker, “and they act as a guardian by avoidance.”
Tom is a scuba diver.
Scuba diving is fun.
By barking loudly, the dogs let the predator know that they’re there protecting the flock, and since the predator doesn’t want to get hurt, they will then avoid those flocks where the dogs are, she says.
Marker now breeds and trains the guarding dogs, which don’t herd, but simply put themselves between the livestock and any predators.
That is usually enough to discourage the cheetahs from attacking.
Over the past years, CCF has donated more than dogs to Namibian livestock farmers. As a result, there has been up to an percent decrease in livestock losses and farmers have developed more tolerance for having cheetahs around.
“What we’re trying to do is to actually work together with a variety of partners throughout Africa to look at areas where the cheetahs are, the kind of problems that they are facing and solutions that we can then help the people and the cheetah,” she says.
CCF is also working with the government of Iran - home to less than cheetahs - to double that number within the next years.
Today, Marker is considered one of the world’s leading experts on cheetahs.
She travels the world giving speeches and attending fundraisers to increase awareness about this charismatic and highly endangered animal.
“If we are not successful we’re going to lose this amazing species in a very short period of time,” she says.
Single women are defying the usual gender gap by purchasing more homes than single men, even though female workers earn just percent of what their male counterparts make.
Although they can afford to purchase a home, more well-to-do Americans are choosing to rent instead.
The number of U.S. households earning at least $150,annually that chose to rent rather than buy skyrocketed percent between and 2017, according to an analysis by apartment search website RentCafe, which used data from the Census Bureau to reach its conclusions.
This new breed of renters challenges long-held assumptions that Americans rent a place to live primarily because they can't afford to buy a home.
"Lifestyle plays an important part in their decision to rent," study author Alexandra Ciuntu told VOA via email. "Renting in multiple cities at once has its perks, and so does changing one trendy location after another."
A new apartment building on Mission Street in San Francisco, one of U.S. cities with the most significant increase in the number of wealthy renters.
Business and technology hubs like San Francisco and Seattle have the highest numbers of wealthy renters.
Given the escalating house prices, it seems like a verifiable better decision to go with renting for longer," Ciuntu said.
Given that in San Francisco, for example, $200,buys you just square feet, it's understandable why top-earners give renting a serious try before deciding whether to invest in a property or not.
In fact, in both San Francisco and New York, wealthy renters outnumber well-to-do buyers.
There are more high-earning renters — 250,— in New York City than anywhere else in the country.
"Ten years ago we would have associated real estate equity with life stability, whereas the two are not necessarily interrelated nowadays," Ciuntu said.
Renting proves to be a more flexible option for those enjoying a dynamic and rich lifestyle.
From a more millennial standpoint, renting is no longer a brief solution before settling down, but rather an attractive world of possibilities.
Tom lives in an old castle.
Tom and Mary live in an old castle.
A Himalayan country of lush mountains, Bhutan is known as the world's last Shangri-la.
Failure to meet global climate goals could lead to warming of five degrees celsius in the Himalayan mountains and a loss of two-thirds of the region’s glaciers by the year 2100, with disastrous consequences for water supplies and food production for about two billion people in eight Asian countries, warns a new study.
Meeting the Paris agreement goals of limiting global warming to 1.degrees celsius will slow down the process, but one third of the region’s glaciers are still set to disappear.
According to the report, the ice masses on the Himalayas have been thinning and retreating since global warming set in.
“This is the climate crisis you haven’t heard of,” said Philippus Wester.
Global warming is on track to transform mountain peaks to bare rocks in a little less than a century.
Known as the water towers of Asia, the Himalayas feed major rivers such as the Yangtze, the Ganges and the Indus.
“If glaciers are melting then first people get a little bit more water, but then there comes a time when actually there will be a reduction in contribution of glacier melt into our river systems,” according to Molden.
The study says that one-third of the million people living in the mountains live on less that $a day.
Besides global warming, air pollution from the Indo-Gangetic Plains—one of the world’s most polluted regions is also impacting the mountains as these pollutants deposit black carbon and dust on the glaciers, hastening their melting according to the study.
I withdrew my candidacy.
I withdrew as a candidate.
Was it Tom who told you that?
Is it OK to freeze cheese?
Tom is really doing well, isn't he?
It's hard to outrun a dog.
Tom brought Mary with him.
Most of us didn't do that.
Tom's dog is very well behaved.
If you want to sing, sing.
When did Tom buy those shoes?
My adrenaline was pumping.
Tom believes in you.
My shift ends at midnight.
Are you two talking about Tom?
Neither of us can do that.
We'll ask Tom for permission.
Thank you for your answer.
The father is watering the flowers.
Father is watering the flowers.
Only we know this secret.
This is a secret that only we know.
How much do you like baseball?
She doesn't like the look of the skirt.
She doesn't like how the skirt looks.
This is the first time I have heard about it.
Paper is very easy to set on fire.
This girl is afraid of dogs.
The hardest part of learning Chinese is the Chinese characters.
You are going to sleep.
You are going to bed.
Because of his score of zero, he didn't dare to return.
Fruit that has been left for a long time will shrink.
We haven't received a telegram.
Make sure that the child is not sick.
The current era is the atomic era.
This baby is really cute!
You are a very happy person.
One pair of red chopsticks broke.
A pair of red chopsticks broke.
I wish to marry you.
His phone's camera broke.
You are not me.
At around 12pm, we go to the dining area of our unit for lunch.
People will have different ideas tomorrow.
Tomorrow I want to get up early.
Tomorrow I must get up early.
In the world, there are types of people: Those who understand binary and those that don't.
This year, I learnt my first words in Mandarin.
What did you use your camera for?
He gave me cloves of garlic.
This medicine is very effective.
What vegetables do you like to eat?
Chocolate's iron content is higher than spinach's.
Chocolate has more iron than spinach.
When does your new store open?
When will your new store open?
Taste the flavour of success.
Are you a member of a party?
She told me that she has bought a record.
This person is not my friend.
Put on clothes and come with us!
I have always been proud of you.
Please give me salt.
Please give me some salt.
I am called Dusanna.
My name is Dusanna.
The meals are not too good.
The food isn't too great.
The father is very healthy.
Father is very healthy.
Hello! Are you still there?
We have no reason to be ashamed.
Tom climbed from the tree.
If you are not willing to speak, then you do not have to answer.
If you don't want to speak, you don't have to answer.
Then the street was very quiet.
Then the street was quiet.
This weekend we can make telephone calls for free.
He doesn't have a fever.
The sun shines through the tri-color clouds, shooting towards the earth.
Merchants only look at the profits.
She can swim as quickly as her brother.
She just bought two entertainment magazines.
She is reading one entertainment magazine.
This region's beekeepers produce honey particularly well.
My colleague and I do the same job, but he was promised a promotion in a very short while.
My colleague and I do the same job, but she was promised a promotion very soon.
They seemed to offend the referee.
I don't dislike them.
Did you see yesterday's eclipse?
Germany was eliminated by South Korea.
This car once had a foreign licence.
I ate french fries.
I am going to fry an egg in a pan.
I love french fries.
These gloves don't fit me.
Tom is scared to do that, isn't he?
Try to keep yourself warm.
Tom can't help Mary today.
We can't discuss this now.
I was the one who scratched it, but this kind of scratch is easy to fix.
You better not oppose Tom that much. He's scary when he's mad.
There's no way for you to say something that will confuse me.
You can't afford not to take advantage of this opportunity you are faced with.
The monkey, who came from the mountain to play in the village, picked up a red candle. There aren't many red candles. So the monkey thought of it as a firework. He brought it back to the mountain with care.
It was obvious that those two women knew each other well.
Can you give me a map of the street?
Can you give me a street map?
"Hey, Mary." "What?" "Do you have a boyfriend?" "Why?"
Do you continue to like me, even knowing the real me?
Everyone has visited xvideos.com at least once.
I want to become like Tom too.
What were you just talking about?
I hung up.
What dishes do you like to eat?
Which painting is beautiful?
If there is anything I can do to help your area, please tell me.
I am talking to you about history.
Only some students understand that aspect.
Be careful with the scorpion.
That child who spoke is my brother.
She has blonde hair and a slim figure.
English is a communication tool.
The natural landscape is characterised by its large amount of mountains, and it looks as truly beautiful as a painting.
I don't like that picture.
Is this her first time coming to Italy?
She bought two pairs of polka dot stockings.
You will not die.
You cannot die.
I am dealing with difficulties.
That student is beginning to look so scary.
It will be able to edit the pictures you don't like, then print them out.
Tom is reading an essay.
If you begin to look at it more closely, actually, it is not.
My brother became a priest.
Is this community safe? Are there lighting installations for the night?
Why would you appear in my unit?
Only shoes know about holes in socks.
Only a shoe knows about a hole in a sock.
Tom has just come back to Boston.
Tom has just gone back to Boston.
Why hasn't Tom visited Boston?
I've visited Boston with Tom.
I've shown Tom around Boston.
Why are you buying this type of car?
I try to love everyone.
I am eating up everything!
I eat up everything!
Go a little faster!
I don't want that kind of look from you.
Don't look at me like this.
How would you explain these words?
How do you interpret these words?
Is your family's computer on the table?
Who is your favourite actor?
I don't understand why he goes to the barber's, as he is bald.
This water cannot be drunk.
You cannot drink this water.
There is a butterfly in the kitchen.
On which counter can I make my appointment?
Her diamond is sparkling under the light.
She can die.
She is almost years old.
I signed the document.
Venus' air pressure is very high.
Venus' atmospheric pressure is very high.
I have already missed the delivery time, what should I do next?
I have missed the delivery time, what should I do next?
How long did it take you to finish reading that book?
He has many valuable paintings.
That boy threw a chunk of stone.
That boy threw a lump of rock.
My computer shut down automatically.
I forgot to go and see the doctor yesterday.
I can sense someone's presence.
This morning was foggy.
Sorry, I could't find my seat.
Her golden hair floats in the summer breeze.
You are leaving, then, are you?
My mother is called Lucy, she is British.
There is no excuse to help get you out of the meeting.
There is no excuse that will let you be absent from the meeting.
Your assignment is to get into that building.
I can't hand Nagisa over to such a weak man.
When I said 'Hello' to Tom, he hid behind his mother.
This room is too small.
She is very happy to eat chocolate.
She is very happy eating chocolate.
Our company will implement new price standards regarding this product.
In China, software piracy is one of the most serious issues.
Which is your favourite football team?
How about going out tonight?
I don't like drinking beer that much.
I am in a beautiful house.
I am inside a house that's beautiful.
Be strong like a rock.
This is a sentence that is being randomly displayed through Tatoeba.
Go with God!
I am not the person who has to answer.
I shower once a day.
Already eaten?
He doesn't go everywhere.
He knows where I live.
You do not need to go to the office on Saturday.
I do not need to go to the office on Saturday.
The song was a huge success.
Tom's song was a huge success.
I am pansexual.
He is pansexual.
She is pansexual.
Tom has never used Airbnb.
Scientists have discovered a new type of magnet.
Rainwater is essential for life.
Rain helps plants and food crops flourish, and it keeps grasslands green and lush.
Too much rain, especially in the city, can lead to flooding, causing sewers to overflow and carry pollutants and contaminants to nearby streams and waterways.
Farmers work at a rooftop vegetable garden of an industrial building in Hong Kong.
A team at the University of the District of Columbia has created a rooftop garden on campus with a wide variety of vegetation to help absorb excess rainwater and grow food at the same time.
Rainwater is distributed through an irrigation system and collected in cisterns for the rooftop garden.
The result is a picturesque sea of green vegetation and patches of brightly colored plants and flowers that attract pollinating insects and other wild creatures.
“In an urban environment, you don’t have that many spaces to choose from, and so rooftops are just unutilized space,” said Caitlin Arlotta, a graduate student in the school’s Urban Agriculture program. “So it’s a really good way to not have to restructure your city necessarily and be able to incorporate green roofs.”
The project is part of a research initiative to see which plants are best suited for rooftop environments, both for food as well as pollination. They include hibiscus, strawberries, tomatoes and sweet potatoes.
“We have the same experiment running with tomatoes as we do with strawberries, so we’re doing variety trials and we’re trying to see which variety grows the best in a green roof setting,” she said.
A main goal of the program she explained, is to have “food justice.” “So bringing fresh food into cities where you wouldn’t necessarily have that access,” she said. And that includes produce for immigrant members of the community as well.
“In the U.S., it may not seem very common to use hibiscus leaves and sweet potato leaves as food, but in many places around the world it is,” Arlotta said.
Sandy Farber Bandier coordinates UDC’s Master Gardener program, which seeks to enhance the ecological health and aesthetics of urban environments by training District of Columbia residents to become Master Gardeners.
She was surprised by the garden’s bountiful harvest.
Tom was surprised by the bountiful harvest.
“We produced 4,pounds (about 1,kilos) of produce the first year and were able to disseminate that to people in need,” she said.
Grateful recipients included a number of area food banks and charities.
While D.C. is home to one of the largest numbers of green roofs in the country, not all of them are designed to grow food.
I’d like to see this becoming more of the standard, where people design and build buildings with farming on the roof, with the ability to actually go up there and enjoy it and have a better connection to nature, but also to provide better fresh food to people in urban areas.
How do you obtain the freshest, locally grown produce in a big city? For an increasing number of urbanites, the answer is to grow it yourself.
MacKugler was at the recent Food Loves Tech event in Brooklyn, New York showing off Seedsheets, roll-out fabric sheets embedded with seed-filled pods.
The sheets are placed atop soil in a home planter or an outdoor garden. When watered, the pods dissolve and plants sprout in days (for pea shoots) to days (for dragon carrots).
I want to know where my food comes from.
Mary showed Tom how to do it.
"Someone that's never gardened before might say, 'I want to know where my food comes from but I don't know how to do it, but I like salads so I'm going to buy the salad kit,' " said MacKugler.
Tom had never gardened before.
Most of the company's sales come from urban millennials.
"Consumer education is really progressing," said Nicole Baum, senior marketing and partnerships manager at Gotham Greens, a New York-based provider of hydroponically grown produce.
I think it's really great that other people are coming into the space.
Gotham Greens provides rooftop-grown leafy greens and herbs to supermarkets and top-ranked restaurants like Gramercy Tavern, which uses seasonal vegetables but also depends on the reliability of produce from urban hydroponic farms.
"A lot of chefs these days, I think, are more concerned with sustainability" and have always been concerned with freshness, she said.
A privately-built illegal temple-like structure is seen on the top of a 20-story residential block in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen.
An elaborate temple-like structure perched on an apartment block in southeastern China is an illegal hazard that should be torn down, residents say.
Urban gardener Jo Bartikoski picks dill from her garden patch at the Dundee community garden in Omaha, Nebraska.
New York City is known for its tall buildings.
New York City is known for its tall buildings, financial markets and centers for the arts, but America’s most populated city is becoming known for something you might not expect -- farms.
New York City’s government announced last month that it is providing $500,to create two urban farms.
The idea is to get more fresh fruits and vegetables to communities in the city. City officials see it as a public health issue.
“These new urban farms will not only provide access to healthy produce, but also provide jobs to young residents,” said New York City Councilman Ritchie Torres.
In the New City neighborhood of Tribeca, Robert Laing has opened up a privately-run indoor farm called Farm.One, where he grows many kinds of herbs.
His customers include well-known restaurants in New York City.
“The nice thing about farming vertically indoors is that you don’t need a lot of space,” Laing said.
Urban farming still has a long way to go to produce the environmental and health benefits claimed by supporters.
The report said that supporters of growing food close to the people who eat it claim that it reduces pollution compared to transporting food long distances. But the researchers found that smaller farms do not do as a good a job as larger farms in reducing use of water and other natural resources.
Aero Farms will work with scientists from Cornell University in New York State and Rutgers University in New Jersey. The goal is to grow salad greens with improved taste and color.
Because the farm is indoors, the farmers can control the environment, including temperature, to improve their crops.
More than half the world’s population lives in cities.
Whenever possible, Rockey said, food should be “grown locally.”
New York is a city notoriously short on space, but also one whose residents are big on innovation.
In the Big Apple, the latest trend is rooftop farming.
Individuals and restaurants are beginning to grow some of their own food in the only space available to them - their roofs.
Amber Kusmenko and her boyfriend Louis Kofsky love New York, but they also love farming.
What started as an interest in sustainability has become a rooftop oasis, complete with tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots and herbs.
After reading books and talking to other growers, the couple learned how to make soil, grow plants, capture rainwater, and trap urban heat.
"Instead of saying, 'oh one day saying we're goina buy a farm', we said, 'let's start now', and lets start growing and let's start learning," Kofsky says.
With so many people on the planet, we can't all have acres.
I think there are ways that cities can be green and sustainable and grow a lot of their own food.
In an effort to beautify their unattractive parking lot, the restaurant bought two old railway cars and planted a variety of vegetables on top of them, turning the lot into a garden and seating area.
"People love it when we say 'this salad came from out back and this basil was grown outside," garden manager Gwen Schantz said.
Currently, many fruits and vegetables come from thousands of kilometers away.
Often, by the time the vegetable reaches us here in New York, it's heading towards the end of its shelf life.
Up to percent of the jobs that today's college students will have in years haven't been invented yet.
The IFTF, a nonprofit that seeks to identify emerging trends and their impacts on global society, forecasts that many of the tasks and duties of the jobs that today's young people will hold in don't exist right now.
By 2030, we'll likely be living in a world where artificial assistants help us with almost every task, not unlike the way email tries to finish spelling a word for users today.
By 2030, we'll likely be living in a world where artificial assistants help us with almost every task.
Maguire says it will be like having an assistant working alongside you, taking on tasks at which the human brain does not excel.
New technology in the next decade is expected to lead to new human-machine partnerships that will make the most of each partner's respective strengths.
The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics says today’s students will have eight to jobs by the time they are 38.
Students use virtual reality for an immersive educational experience.
VR blocks out the physical world and transports the user to a simulated world.
Virtual reality blocks out the physical world and transports the user to a simulated world.
Potential employers will draw from different data sources, including online business profiles and social media streams, to get a sense of a person and their skill set.
Maquire says there's already a lot of activity around turning employment into a matchmaking endeavor, using artificial intelligence and deep learning to help the right person and the right job find each other.
In Sweden, Switzerland and Belgium, students are skipping school, demanding more action against what many Europeans consider one of the biggest threats to their future: climate change.
"Climate is one of the main concerns in Europe", said Neil Makaroff, European Union policy adviser for the NGO Climate Action Network France.
Citizens are more and more mobilized today. They are taking different actions like marches, petition, litigation.
Demonstrators in Paris promote veganism as one way to curb greenhouse emissions.
"People really, really need to wake up," said Parisian Veronique Weil, who braved whipping rain to join a climate rally at the city's iconic Place de la Republic. "The seas are rising, countries are going to disappear. ... It's crazy."
The yellow vest protests began over a fuel tax hike intended partly to fund climate measures. As a result, some analysts suggest the yellow vests show that people ultimately are not willing to make sacrifices to curb emissions.
Protesters hold banners as they march during a "Rise for the Climate" demonstration in Brussels, Belgium, Jan. 27, 2019.
Green parties are gaining strength, but not everywhere.
The Farnese Palace hosts the French embassy to Italy, in Rome.
The Oregon Coast Aquarium is home to hundreds of aquatic species ... including two that arrived unexpectedly after a trip across the Pacific, trapped in the hull of a derelict fishing boat.
Their story began five years ago, on March 11, when Japan was shaken by the largest earthquake ever to hit the island nation. The quake and resulting tsunami left more than 15,people dead, and crippled several nuclear reactors.
Last April, staff from the Oregon Coast Aquarium rescued more than a dozen yellowtail jacks and one striped beakfish from a half-sunk, fiberglass wreck coated in seaweed. It was the front half of a roughly 15-meter-long commercial fishing vessel.
The sharks are well fed by the aquarium staff.
Measles is spreading in the U.S.
Health officials, including the U.S. surgeon general, are urging parents to get their children vaccinated.
Measles was eliminated in the U.S. years ago.
Measles is incredibly contagious.
A measles outbreak in the U.S. northwestern state of Washington has state health officials scrambling to contain it.
Rural areas in the U.S. tend to be have higher numbers of unvaccinated children.
The measles vaccine is almost percent effective. Doctors recommend that children get two doses.
With one dose of vaccine, about percent of children will become protected against measles.
The reason that we give a second dose is because about percent of children do not respond to the first dose. So with two doses over percent of children are protected against measles.
Measles makes people very sick, and it is especially dangerous for young children.
Complications from measles such as pneumonia or encephalitis, a swelling of the brain, can be fatal or lead to permanent disability. That’s why doctors urge parents to get their children vaccinated.
We had no time to do that.
Tom called at 2:30.
We should be more careful.
Did you discuss that with Tom?
We were prepared for this.
A stray dog followed Tom home.
What color is your jacket?
When did Tom get those jeans?
Show Tom how to do this.
Put a caption on this photo.
The measles vaccine is almost 100% effective.
Treat Tom well.
Don't fall into Tom's trap.
Don't do anything to get Tom angry.
Tell me about Australia.
I'm afraid we'll have to do that.
I'm afraid we can't do that.
I'm afraid you're going to have to do that.
I'm afraid that we'll have to do that.
I'm afraid that we can't do that.
I'm afraid that you're going to have to do that.
Give me Tom's picture.
Show me Tom's picture.
Don't tell Tom what we did yesterday.
Don't let Tom fall.
Measles is very contagious.
Tom showed Mary how to do it correctly.
Tom was the one who showed Mary how to do it correctly.
Tom was the one that showed Mary how to do it correctly.
Don't let Tom play piano.
Don't let Tom scream.
Don't let Tom sit there.
Don't let Tom stay there.
Don't let Tom whistle.
I wish I were as tall as Tom.
Tom lives in a town not far from Boston.
She made them cry.
Come here already!
Come already!
Tom has liver spots.
This old man has liver spots on his skin.
This old man has age spots on his skin.
Mary has freckles.
Freckles are caused by the accumulation of melanocytes in a small area.
Freckles are caused by exposure to sunlight.
People who develop freckles should avoid direct exposure to sunlight.
Women developed the phonetic script called "nu shu," or "female writing," centuries ago in Jiangyong County, Hunan province. They used it to communicate with close friends, who were often sent to distant villages after their marriages.
"I interviewed a lot of people there, including a woman, who, at that time, was the oldest living 'nu shu' writer. She was 96-years-old when I met her, very tiny, very frail," she said. "Her skin was like tissue paper. She had bound feet."
The bound feet were the legacy of another centuries-old practice. Many girls had their feet wrapped tightly to keep them small. As the girls grew, the bones of their feet would break, leaving them with tiny feet, which were attractive to men, but painful to walk on.
Ms. See says her visit to the region helped her understand the lives of women there.
Revelers get ready to welcome the New Year in Times Square.
Confetti drops over the crowd as the clock strikes midnight during the New Year's celebration in Times Square.
A man watches the fireworks exploding over Copacabana Beach during the New Year's celebrations.
The Arc de Triomphe is lit during New Year's celebration in Paris, France.
Tom is Mary's literary agent.
Tom died of congestive heart failure.
In the United States, Christmas cards with family photos are popular.
In the United States, Christmas cards with family photos are popular. But more than ever many of those photos include a four-legged member of the family, the pet dog.
She likes to eat chocolate.
The language of love is difficult and complicated, no matter where you're from.
With more than one million international students enrolled in colleges and universities across the United States, sparks are bound to fly.
We talked with three couples to better understand how they manage a romantic relationship while studying abroad in the United States.
Khea Chang's family immigrated to Vancouver, Canada, from Taiwan, making her a first-generation Canadian studying international relations at Boston University.
Justin Devuono is from an Italian American family and studying computer science at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
When they met at a friend's party, Justin said he thought Khea was cute.
They met at a friend's party.
They were friends at first.
Justin describes himself as "a guy who always keeps his eyes opened to new opportunities."
He went for it.
Tom went for it.
She went for it.
Tom always keeps his eyes open to new opportunities.
"It takes a lot of communication and understanding," Khea said, recalling her first visit to Justin's family.
"Being from an Asian family, when you bring your significant other to meet them, they're always very reserved," Khea said.
When I met Justin's family, they immediately took me in and warmed up to me very quickly.
This was something I was not used to.
This was something that Tom was not used to.
This is something that Tom is not used to.
The first time they met me, they already invited me to stay with them for Christmas.
Justin said he felt the most difficult part of maintaining their relationship was to communicate and form a meaningful relationship with Khea's family, because they don't speak English.
"The language barrier between me and her parents makes it hard to make connections," Justin said.
Cultural differences matter a lot in their relationship.
Different family backgrounds made their communication harder because the values they hold and the ways they think differ significantly.
Khea said that she had a hard time explaining her Chinese culture and roots to Justin.
"It is easy to get into fights with him simply because we have very different ways of doing things," she said.
Even though her family is from Taiwan, Mary grew up in Canada.
Mengyu Xiao and Jan Frederic Lammering met in their first-year economic class and dated for almost two years before breaking up in October 2016.
Tom and Mary dated for almost two years before breaking up.
Mengyu is an international student from Shenzhen, China, who is studying business administration at the University of Goettingen in Germany.
Jan is studying the same major at the same college as Mengyu, but he is a local student from a town minutes from Goettingen.
At the beginning of their relationship, everything seemed fine.
They studied, partied and traveled together to other cities in Europe.
Tom and Mary partied together.
Tom and Mary traveled together to many cities in Europe.
"I would say having a romantic relationship with a person from different cultures/countries was not much different than a relationship with a person from the same country/culture," Jan said.
Tom's German is pretty good.
We have to communicate in English, which is neither my native language nor hers.
Mengyu had a different opinion about the barrier between them.
Even now, she thinks the breakup was due to what she thought was Jan's immaturity.
"I think his thinking process is like this: 'You don't need to be my girlfriend to spend the whole day and night with me. However, you should behave like my girlfriend when you're with me, but I don't need to tell anyone else that I am not single anymore,'" she explained.
"If you truly love someone, you would definitely tell your close friends about her, " Mengyu said.
Jan tried to fix their relationship, but could never explain why he hid their relationship from some of his friends.
Tom hid his relationship with Mary from his friends.
They remain, as Mengyu said, "friends who really know each other but don't talk anymore."
Tom and Mary remained friends after breaking up.
Mary thinks the breakup was due to Tom's immaturity.
Kristen Burke and Juncheng Qian had been dating for more than one-and-a-half years before they broke up six months ago.
Tom and Mary had been dating for more than two years before they broke up.
Kristen is an American from Massachusetts who studies neuroscience and psychology at Boston University.
Juncheng is studying mechanical engineering and is originally from Zhejiang, China.
Neither of them was comfortable talking about the relationship.
Neither of them was comfortable talking about their relationship.
"For me, the biggest difficulty in this relationship was to realize and accept the different concepts of love that we had formed during our lives before meeting each other," Juncheng said.
Tom started going to the gym.
Tom started going to the gym more often.
That was what I understood my role as a boyfriend should be.
It was an epic fail.
Tom failed to understand what Mary needed.
It was hard for him to understand what I expected from him.
It was hard for him to understand that what I expected from him were his encouragement and support.
The ways guys and girls think are so different.
"If I were able to rewind, there would be many things that I would've done differently," Juncheng concluded.
Tom failed to see what Mary needed.
I know what Tom is busy with.
The man can be helped.
Picasso once said: "We need a lot of time to become young."
Hurry up! We are waiting for you!
Drink what is clean, eat what is cooked, and say what is true.
You have confused the students.
I have done my homework in an hour.
She eats a lot.
He went on board.
He got on board.
Someone doesn't forget their first love.
You don't forget your first love.
We have thrown a first stone into the water, which will create waves.
My sister has three cats, and my brother has none.
That is your last chance to take back your words!
That is your last chance to take back what you said!
The notebooks belong to her.
Does the lady know you?
The elevator is broken again.
The elevator has stopped working again.
The train departs at 3:30.
The train leaves at half past three.
What should I do in this terrible dilemma?
She really wanted to let the secret out.
Do you want to cause a new outbreak of violence?
Do they want to cause a new outbreak of violence?
The birds' singing is pretty.
The birdsongs are beautiful.
The ship headed east.
What has life taught me?
What did life teach me?
You won't achieve anything like that.
That's not how you achieve anything.
A cracked bell has an angry sound.
A cracked bell has a bad sound.
Gladly, but I am not a strong actor.
Gladly, but I am not a good actor.
In each difficulty hides a solution.
You are so cold towards your son.
Maria's face radiated beautiful contentment.
In every problem hides a solution.
Is the person on this?
How did your weekend go?
They died.
Tomorrow, my father is going to make a good meal.
My father is going to make a good meal tomorrow.
I returned home to eat.
I came back home to eat a meal.
Yes, I have student ID.
Let's sort things out.
Using a computer can save your time.
It is a beautiful painting.
Have you been feeling a bit of discomfort lately?
Everyone gathered together in the open space to meet.
Our new home has an elevator.
We are finding it difficult to decide which one to buy.
Five hundred years ago it was a house.
Five hundred years ago, they were one family.
Do you want rice?
Originally, I knew nothing about it at all!
I would like to talk to Tom.
This is where they usually eat supper.
He is doing the homework.
He is in the process of doing his homework.
My parents and I live together.
Her teeth hurt a lot.
My father likes pizza.
If you were a squirrel, what would you do?
He works in his own way.
How much do you want in terms of salary?
His brother studies hard.
His brother takes studying seriously.
Her brother studies hard.
Her brother takes studying very seriously.
That is the passport.
Do you have time this morning?
Do you have any free time in the morning?
My girlfriend cried.
His heart stopped beating and he died immediately.
Tom is a solid C student.
He taught us English.
You're not a D student, Tom. You can do better.
Your uncle gives your aunt a haircut.
In March next year, I will take a plane to the USA.
In March next year, I will fly to the US.
Second-hand smoking is as harmful as smoking itself.
This water was polluted by oil.
Our plane arrived at a.m.
Our plane arrived at this morning.
I don't think you need to give an explanation.
People's living conditions are getting better and better.
I don't miss them.
We are now at Tokyo station.
From a distance, this stone looks like a human face.
From a distance, this stone resembles a person's face.
He gave his cold to me.
He urgently needs to find work.
Don't kill people!
I will not apologise.
Celeste is making dumplings in the kitchen.
Tokyo is more crowded in comparison to Beijing.
Tokyo is more crowded than Beijing.
I need to return this book today.
I am full, thank you.
Yesterday I received your letter.
Do you feel ill?
You can buy it at the bookshop.
I am studying again.
He is sitting on the sofa and reading a magazine.
Sure.
They swim.
Go a little faster.
I wish I could remember people's names and faces.
I can't eat pineapple. When I do, my mouth gets itchy.
To tell the truth, I don't like Tom.
To be honest with you, I don't like Tom.
Where do you go to church?
Tom is selling his house, isn't he?
Whose name is on the door?
Tom has been hurting Mary.
Why are you leaving early?
Tom's dog is very well-trained.
Why are you looking at us?
Tom called me lazy.
Why are you still smiling?
How was for you, Tom?
"Mary." "What?" "Do you have a boyfriend?" "Why do you ask?"
I, too, would like to be like Tom.
I think it's upside down.
The project was finished on time and under budget.
I don't like taking chances.
Tom cut himself while chopping vegetables.
Don't let Tom bite you.
Don't let Tom run.
Don't let Tom close it.
Don't let Tom take it.
Don't let Tom move it.
Don't let Tom move.
Don't let Tom eat it.
Don't let Tom go out.
Don't give them to him!
Don't give them to her!
Wales.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
If you take a nap now, you will have a dream; but if you study now, you will realize your dream.
Love what you do.
Deciding what not to do is as important as deciding what to do.
I can't find the bread.
Do you like putting me to sleep?
You like putting me to sleep don't you?
Wish I could fly anywhere I would like like a bird.
They can sing well.
Do we really have to help Tom?
Why aren't you doing that?
Apparently, Tom is a busy man.
Why aren't you here today?
When did Tom get those shoes?
Why didn't you consult me?
Tom is setting the table, isn't he?
Why do I have to dress up?
Tom is after Mary's money.
Those people are different from us.
How much hamburger did you buy?
Pass the pepper, please.
You can get on the bus over there.
I think we should consider the problem again.
Call Tom up at 2:30.
Tell Tom I'm angry.
Tell Tom that I'm tired.
Help me move this file cabinet.
Tom folded the paper in half before handing it to Mary.
These people see us as a menace.
These people view us as a threat.
Chimpanzees can throw stones when they feel threatened.
Call the fire department.
Call my wife.
Don't play with the key.
Put me on speaker phone.
Take your hand off my shoulder.
There's sure a lot of traffic on the road today.
Hand me that notebook.
Keep your eye on Tom.
Go tell Tom yourself.
Go and see Tom in person.
Take this book back to Tom.
Write to Tom right away.
Ask Tom if you have any doubt.
There sure is a lot of traffic on the road today.
Listen to how Tom snores.
The djellaba is a long garment.
I still speak Berber daily.
Do you want to know how to learn Berber in six months?
I was motivated to learn Berber.
He wrote incredible books in Berber.
"What are you doing here?" "I'm learning Berber."
I learned Berber incredibly fast.
How can I learn Berber?
He's already learning Berber.
I can learn Berber in just six months.
Most people think that learning Berber is useless.
Many people think that learning Berber is useless.
The separatists are a tiny minority of Kabyles.
The separatists are a tiny minority among Kabyles.
The separatists represent a tiny minority among Kabyles.
Only the separatists use this flag.
This is a separatist flag.
I learned to speak Berber in a few weeks.
His Berber is absolutely poor.
I was trying to learn Berber.
He was struggling to learn Berber.
He moved to Algeria and learned Berber.
He was fluent in Berber.
He moved to Algeria.
He doesn't speak any Berber.
I practise Berber at home.
We don't need the separatist flag in our villages.
They are reading books.
We didn't have sugar.
Tom speaks Japanese very fluently.
The separatist group doesn't represent us.
Anna, where will your father be at this time tomorrow?
Is she Anna?
This hotel doesn't have a swimming pool.
This boy is very lazy.
Xiaolin's eyebrows are thick, his eyes are big, and his eyelashes are long.
Kobayashi's eyebrows are thick, his eyes are big, and his eyelashes are long.
Every day, your father drives to work.
Mix the rice and eggs with soy sauce.
Mix the rice, egg and soy sauce.
Completely coincidentally, these two are still being repaired.
By coincidence, these two are still being serviced.
Forgiving others is a kind deed to yourself.
To forgive others is an act of kindness to yourself.
You are so beautiful, you do not need to use makeup.
I lost my meal card.
How many Chinese characters can you write?
She doesn't like her husband.
She gave us a washing machine.
She gives us a washing machine.
He borrowed a lot of money from him.
There are letters in French: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z.
I encountered a problem.
I came across an error.
Tonight we are planning to go to the concert.
Even though we are far apart, we still keep in touch.
Even though the distance between us is great, we still communicate.
He can speak not only English, but also French.
He can speak English, and also French.
My son is not at home, he is at school.
My big brother is not at home, he is at school.
We are at work.
I am afraid of airplanes.
I am afraid of flying.
My email has changed.
People love to speak.
People love talking.
"How was it?" "It was not difficult."
Why have you forgotten the potatoes and not the beer?
Have you already received my package?
The lesson will begin.
Class will now begin.
The eyes are the heart's windows.
Eyes are the windows of the heart.
What are your hopes?
No! I don't want to go.
Tonight, there is a possibility that it will rain.
We are all wet from the sweat.
We are all wet from sweating.
Have you fallen asleep?
Have you already gone to sleep?
I have never heard a scary story in my life.
Hopefully that is true.
He always hears the news on the radio.
He always heard the news on the radio.
What is the meaning of the word "get" in this sentence?
It is not easy to read.
I am beautiful.
In general, women live ten years longer than men.
Lina studies Ilokano.
Lina studied the Ilokano language.
Judy is looking at me.
I will stay at my uncle's place in Kyoto.
I will stay at my uncle's house in Kyoto.
He called his name.
I go.
That leaflet can be obtained for free.
You aren't bad either.
He is circumcised, even though he is still a baby.
My father is buying me a book.
My father bought me a book.
Dead dogs cannot bite.
Dogs who are dead can't bite.
I forgot your name.
I have forgotten your name.
Today I receive my paycheck.
I will read the newspaper after I eat.
I eat sandwiches with margarine.
I eat the sandwich with margarine.
I am eating a sandwich with margarine.
He said something in broken Berber.
Kabyle food is great.
I wasn't sure that my parents would approve that I study Berber.
I'm ruining my clothes.
The president is a fallible man.
It's not worth keeping up with fashion.
They never called back.
Yesterday it rained all day.
Death is very likely the single best invention of life. It is life's change agent. It clears out the old to make place for the new.
I don't know this word's meaning.
I don't know the meaning of this word.
We can't play tennis.
We will not play tennis.
Our football team defeated all the other teams in the city.
If you cry because you miss the sun when it goes away, then you will also miss the stars.
He came after ten minutes
He came ten minutes later.
You are going to make me go crazy!
You are going to drive me crazy!
We need his help.
This table is not good.
Her brother seriously studies.
He hates maths the most.
The weather is really hot.
I am sorry, he is not at home, he left for Madrid yesterday.
Some people wash themselves, some people don't.
It isn't eating.
Big fish eat little fish.
The big fish eats the little fish.
That is Peterson, he is a policeman.
Compared to last summer, we haven't had that much precipitation this year.
Do you have a student ticket?
Have you been online?
I haven't exercised in a long time.
Let me have a look at these photos!
Come in, it's cold outside.
I am not applauding them.
Then, let's go and eat, yeah?
Then, shall we go and eat?
Our village is not short of water.
Can you help me call for a taxi?
He has back pain, he can't bend over.
This is a multi-language word comparison table.
You are to come here at o'clock tomorrow.
The skin of nectarines is slippery.
Tomorrow we are going to see the meteor shower!
This is an appliance for drying clothes.
The monkey cannot sit still.
The monkey's bottom is not staying still.
I knew about that.
I knew that information.
She saw her mother and smiled.
She saw her mother and gave a little smile.
The fluctuation in prices caused a financial crisis.
Does Iceland have to join the EU?
Does Iceland need to join the European Union?
True friendship is based on mutual trust.
I'm sorry that I made you wait for so long today.
Their company's public relations team is very strong.
His eyes were filled with tears.
Your argument is stupid.
Can you tell me where you live?
They eat melon seeds while they play cards.
I have acknowledged my mistake.
People love to fight.
Tom told me that he would like to visit Boston.
I'm sorry I made you wait for so long today.
I'm tired, but I still can't fall asleep.
Why does it stink in here?
Tom's father is a pediatrician.
You can't keep a cat here.
Tom caused a scene.
You would definitely lose.
Don't worry so much about Tom.
You've made many mistakes.
There's a good chance Tom knows what to do.
You've made a lot of mistakes.
What's really going on between Tom and Mary?
Tom told me he'd like to visit Boston.
Tom told me that he'd like to visit Boston.
Tom says he won't be in next week.
I was told that Tom had moved to Australia.
I told Tom that you would come to Australia.
I told Tom that you had come to Australia.
I told Tom you would come to Australia.
I told Tom you had come to Australia.
I wish I'd gone to Australia with Tom.
Because sleeping with Ymir was very comfortable, I had overslept for minutes.
Get off the lawn.
Lend me your ears.
Go away right now.
Be sure to be here by 2:30.
I'll go to the hospital.
He is a man of iron will.
There are few trees.
She closed the curtains and went to bed.
It could have been somebody else.
There are few trees here.
You got everything?
He has never kept his promise.
He has never been to Okinawa.
I'm supremely uninterested as to what is written in many of the newspapers.
There's no point in worrying about things you can't influence.
Order!
You take good care and Mary.
I can't eat out with you today.
My father amused us by reciting sentences in Italian and then asking us to translate them.
The wall was three meters long.
Come on. You're not that old.
Why do I always look so tired?
My passport will expire next year.
My aunt owns this apartment.
He's wearing swimming trunks.
Because she couldn't find a pillow, she smothered him with a handkerchief.
Hurry up and climb inside.
Which number are you?
He falsely accused them.
Something I always wanted to do was to translate that novel.
Water from that river is not potable.
She has a blind faith in him.
Are you deaf? It's the third time I've asked you to come to the table!
Is there an afternoon flight?
He'll like this game.
What caused that failure?
She was feeling a mixture of anxiety and happiness.
She won my heart with flattery.
The expansion of the Roman empire wiped out a great number of the original European languages.
I walked through the snow to my place of work.
I'm back now, so we can start.
She injected herself into his life.
Hello, are you Jose?
Our biggest enemy may not be someone else, but ourselves.
Our biggest enemies may not be other people, but ourselves.
If you have any other issues, please notify me through the form.
If you have other problems, please send them to me through the form.
Do you happen to know Professor Brown?
I want to go to the cinema.
This is a low-budget movie.
The soul is made up of reason, determination, and passion.
I see five men.
Where has Dad gone?
Go to your sister!
You are not at the hospital this morning.
Learning how to swim is very simple.
Our team has a Moroccan player.
Distance creates beauty.
I don't dare to do that kind of thing.
They are not all at home right now.
This woman is very thin.
What are the prerequisites for a child to learn the piano?
What conditions must a child meet to be able to learn the piano?
The man I bumped into yesterday was Mr. Hill.
I feel extremely regretful.
You need to hand in a few photos, fill in a form, and get a visa.
This bird is known as a cuckoo.
Tom, your phone!
We both come from Germany.
Where is your package?
People who cannot find time for recreation are obliged sooner or later to find time for illness.
Connection and love: We all want it. Most people settle for connection because love’s too scary.
They parked in their space at the campground and began unloading all of their paraphernalia.
I usually don't oversleep, but for some reason I overslept this morning.
She awoke at the crack of dawn.
She blushed when he called her the apple of his eye.
He broke down in tears and continued crying for at least an hour.
If you're so sure she's guilty, be the first one to cast a stone.
He strove mightily to overcome his addiction to heroin.
The last thing she should do is shack up with him.
I try to avoid talking about that.
Specialists are people who have only one string in their violin.
Specialists are people who have only one string on their violin.
I can't see what Tom is doing.
You've outdone yourselves.
When did Tom lose his gloves?
Can you do this yourselves?
Could you lower the volume?
Tom is at lunch with Mary.
Could you scan this for me?
Was the wallet you found Tom's?
Do you need some more time?
Tom got an F in PE.
Do you want some more time?
Tom, your phone is ringing.
Many Armenians were forced to abandon their lands.
Which do you drink for breakfast, tea or coffee?
I'm not going to pack your suitcases for you.
Philosophers are accustomed to speak of the will as if it were the best-known thing in the world.
Please let me through.
Do come if you can.
Just imitate what Tom does.
Tell me why Tom was absent.
Stop your nonsense.
Press this button if you need me.
Please repeat everything that I say.
Please repeat everything I say.
Stick to it.
Answer in French.
Stop criticizing me.
Have a nice Thanksgiving.
Check your answer with Tom's.
Look at all this cool stuff.
Could you please get me something to eat?
Bring your sisters next time.
Do you have a hammer I can borrow?
Do you have a hammer that I can borrow?
Put it wherever there's room.
Cross Tom's name off the list.
Tell me about what you do every day.
Leave that to the experts.
We should leave that to the experts.
It would be better to leave that to the experts.
Tell Tom I'm thirsty.
Tell Tom that I've gone fishing.
Tell Tom I've gone fishing.
Tell Tom that I'm not going to do that with him.
Tell Tom I'm not going to do that with him.
Get Tom a cup of coffee.
I see them now.
Fold the towel and place it on the towel rack.
You can't buy chicken at that price.
The knife on the table wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat, so I used my pocket knife.
I don't think I'm prepared for the exam.
His hair is silky smooth.
Her hair is silky smooth.
Their hair is silky smooth.
Shout as much as you want.
My balance is negative.
The plural of "horse" is "horses."
Apparently, the bus was late.
I teach in the college of medicine.
You'd better hide somewhere.
You're really tall, aren't you?
Put your books on the desk.
Tom renounced his claim to the property.
He is learning the piano.
She has Ukrainian citizenship.
Such people are rare.
There are few such people.
He can't understand.
I'll write a note to Tom.
I will write them a note.
I'm sure we can manage that.
I'm sure we'll be able to manage that.
A warrant has been issued for Tom, who remains at large.
Tom remains at large and a warrant has been issued for his arrest.
I am four months younger than you.
Hello Tom! What time are you coming?
Hello Tom! When did you come?
We need to buy a new TV.
My school is to the left of my house.
My school is on the left.
When have you asked him to eat dinner?
When are you asking him to have dinner?
I'm only joking; don't take me seriously.
Don't take my jokes seriously.
What is your favourite fruit?
Which fruit do you like the best?
During that era, the fate of doctors was in the hands of people who did not understand medicine.
This is the first time I have seen such a horrible movie.
He found her after five hours.
What is the filling in these dumplings?
Tomorrow is April 5th.
How about going to the cinema?
He is very stubborn.
I will get up at 10am tomorrow.
The dog escaped by pulling its head out of the collar.
What's the most difficult part of studying Japanese?
I don't want to sing with Tom.
Don't embarrass yourselves.
I couldn't ask Tom to do that.
Don't overexert yourselves.
When did Tom see that happen?
Guess what I did yesterday.
We never did more than kiss.
They never did more than kiss.
He never did more than kiss my hand.
They kissed each other more than once.
Tom and Mary kissed each other more than once.
Tom and Mary have kissed each other more than once.
To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering.
Many people died during the war.
I've never loved anyone the way I love you.
They fell in love, got married, and started their family.
They fell in love, got married, and started a family.
Tom and Mary fell in love, got married, and started a family.
After the war, Tom and Mary fell in love, got married, and started a family.
After the war, they fell in love, got married, and started a family.
They fell in love and planned to marry after the war.
Tom never bothered to learn the local language.
Tom never bothered to learn German.
Tom lived all his life in Germany, but never bothered to learn German.
Tom lived all his life in Japan, but never bothered to learn Japanese.
Tom and Mary fell in love and planned to marry after the war.
Were they alone?
It was the boldest thing that Mary had ever done.
It was the boldest thing that Tom had ever done.
I'm sure that we'll be able to manage that.
I'm sure that we can manage that.
I take a shower once a day.
I take a shower every morning before I go to work.
These turtles aren't native to California.
The project wasn't finished on time.
Tom has trouble talking to girls.
Why are you always contradicting me?
There are a bunch of books on the table. Are they yours?
I just wish I could go back to Boston.
I just wish that I could go back to Boston.
I thought that the bus was free, but I had to pay.
Tell Tom to give that to me.
Could you give me a back rub?
Be careful not to trip over this rock.
Tom said that Mary has always lived in Boston.
I left the bank empty-handed.
I can't recall her first name.
I can't recall his first name.
She woke up too late and was late to school.
One is speaking English and the other Japanese.
Beginning now, we will speak only French.
I am not going to sue you.
I received threats.
Move ahead and make room for the others.
Do you have something you want to say to me?
His position is quite clear.
Marie has not moved to Boston yet.
Everyone is interested in that.
Tom missed his wife and their children.
Tom misses his wife and their children.
I've received threats.
I'm not going to sue you.
Tom saw a few good-looking girls walk past.
I learned Berber growing up.
He said that in Berber.
I learned Berber in my mid-twenties.
They were talking in Berber.
He started inserting himself into my life.
He texted me in Berber.
He spoke in Berber.
I go to Kabylie, Algeria, every winter break.
He wanted to learn Berber.
Tom left his footprints in the wet cement.
Don't step on the dog's tail.
Don't forget to turn off the TV before you go to sleep.
Tom is sleeping upstairs, isn't he?
How many rolls did you eat?
Tom is drinking with Mary.
How much you want to get paid?
When did you meet Tom's father?
I always put my team first.
Tom has thick hair.
I always set my goals high.
I guess someone must like Tom.
I came here in third grade.
Tom hasn't moved to Boston yet.
The old woman fall and couldn't get up anymore.
Your teacher asked you about what?
I'm with a good intuition.
Troia was taken by the greeks.
Can I go with you till the door?
I know him, however, I don't know his name.
My name is Sara.
What kind of oranges you plant here?
Before you go, don't forget to pay the bill.
How boring the world would be if there wasn't people better and more powerful than me.
They eat tomatoes.
He always go to work at eight am.
You didn't went the drug store?
It's foolish to say these things.
The championship will start the next day 5.
I told you nothing.
Did you eat some dinner?
Why was she crying?
We are not in the house at all.
I started taking a night school Berber class.
He forgot his key.
Why haven't they opened their shops today?
She can do what she wants.
He saw them.
He went to the garage.
She read the books.
It's today that they're gone to their father's area.
Her father hit her.
The Kabyle live in all regions of Algeria.
Today he is the one who will cook the dinner.
And you, do you know?
Here is the water.
My mother came.
I cannot defeat them.
They came.
Who showed you this place?
Why do they need that?
Did you find Amahl or not yet?
Dinner today in my account.
He knows.
He lost.
He forgot.
He ate dinner.
The people want peace.
He stole my money.
Where did you spend the night?
Today I'm going home.
They are speaking Dutch.
I want to learn Berber for work.
She wants to learn Berber fast.
I want to learn Berber this year.
Can you teach me Berber?
Learning Berber could take years.
Berber is my native language.
I'm conversationally fluent in Berber.
I needed resources to learn Berber.
I'm not a Berber speaker.
Algeria is a safe country.
Algeria is relatively safe now.
Algeria is a safe country now.
I visit Algeria regularly.
Is it safe to live in Algeria?
Algeria is very different from the United States.
Algeria isn't a dangerous country.
He's not Algerian.
He is not Algerian.
I have never gotten robbed in Algeria.
I have many friends in Algeria.
The current world is a world of knowledge.
It's been almost a year since my family and I left Malaysia.
That ball was kicked by Jamil.
He lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
He comes from Kabylie, Algeria.
One of my favorite bands is from Kabylie, Algeria.
He's actually from Kabylie, Algeria.
He likes Kabyle music.
I lived and still live in Kabylie, Algeria.
I live in a traditional Kabyle house.
I lived in a traditional Kabyle house.
I think he's about years old.
I haven't seen a straight person in over a week.
His friends don't work. They are students, and they are studying Spanish.
A woman's tongue is her sword.
They are going forwards and I am always going backwards.
If there are steps between us, you only need to take one step, and I will take the other to you.
Generally speaking, I leave work at 8:40.
Due to the heavy rain, vegetable prices have risen.
My parents live a carefree life in the countryside.
I ate it once two years ago.
He has his faults, but I still like him.
The children are having fun in the park.
In IT companies, people who are good at maths are well respected.
Maybe I will have to spend my entire life in prison.
By the time I arrived at the school, the class had already finished.
You didn't need to explain.
There was no need to explain.
People who play with mud will get their hands dirty.
I didn't want Tom at my party.
I can't tell you their names.
Why did Tom buy that sweater?
I challenge you to a fight.
Tom is so good with kids, isn't he?
I could never give up meat.
Tom is going to dump Mary.
I couldn't agree with that.
Who's in Tom's office with him?
I didn't find any mistakes.
I've got a dog.
He is very knowledgeable about animals.
She is very knowledgeable about animals.
Someone is trying to kill me.
Someone's trying to kill me.
I see the portrait.
The brakes are out of order.
I'm not going to Spain on holiday.
We're not in China.
We are not in China.
We aren't in China.
Do this before you do anything else.
Sit on the other side of the table.
Show Tom how to get there.
Don't forget to do that today before you go home.
Don't attempt this at home.
Return it to me when you're done with it.
Let's do something together tomorrow.
Do what you think has to be done in the way you think it should be done.
Look at what I'm doing and do the same thing.
Don't do that. You're making Tom cry.
Tell Tom to comb his hair.
Don't try doing two things at the same time.
I painted this room with a brush.
Don't let Tom take pictures.
Don't let Tom use this phone.
Don't let Tom open the door.
Don't let Tom hit anyone.
Don't let Tom hit anybody.
Don't let Tom move the table.
Don't let Tom close the door.
Don't let Tom eat any bread.
Tell Tom that I'm swimming.
Tell Tom that I'm in Australia.
Keep both of your hands on the steering wheel.
Go straight until you see the post office, then turn right.
Do you think that you could help me weed the garden this afternoon?
Do you think you could help me weed the garden this afternoon?
Tell Tom to not look for me.
Let me make my position clear.
Let me explain it once more, so you understand what I mean.
Let me know what you got on your exam.
Keep both hands on the steering wheel.
Empty your pockets and put everything on the table.
Tom will declare a national emergency.
I haven't seen a heterosexual person in over a week.
I haven't seen a heterosexual in over a week.
Is the pronunciation correct?
Everyone has voted.
She isn't Anna?
Tom asks his mother if she can but him a new toy.
Does he hope to succeed?
He goes to drink beer every night.
Tom was born and raised in Japan.
Don't gnaw your nails!
Thank you for your postcard! That looks magical all covered in snow!
I understand what you mean now.
Quadratic equations have roots.
Find the roots of the equation.
Tom tried to understand the quadratic formula.
In our district there is a big library.
The square root of is an irrational number.
What is the square root of 4?
What is the square root of -1?
What is the square root of a negative number?
Fractions are fun.
He is no ordinary singer.
It's equivalent to sawing off the branch you're sitting on.
I can't believe you didn't see the kleptomaniac toad in the topiary!
She engaged in a multidisciplinary study that spanned six departments at the university.
The fishery remained empty and devoid of fish for many centuries.
Yesterday I bought a horse.
The dog barks.
At the end of the ceremony, the new couple kissed.
My dad really likes to eat pizza.
Jump down! There is nothing else you can do!
It delayed your holiday.
The Greeks invented a theoretical model of geometry.
After seeing the film, we are going to the café to get something to eat.
He gave her everything.
He plays the piano without mistakes.
Please give me a round-trip ticket to Chicago.
Do you have any cats?
I am sorry to bother you at this time.
His nose looks like a potato.
If you want to change the world, then you should start with yourself.
Many people think that success means having a lot of money.
Are you proud of your work?
I like people with a sense of humour.
Look at this table; it has been written out clearly.
Dry clean it.
In this soup there are carrots, onions, parsley, celery and potatoes.
Shall I put in a few cucumbers?
The cat ate the rat.
You are random.
Me and a few friends are drinking wine.
They are going to sleep.
His image is completely ruined.
Tomorrow will be a sunny day, and very hot.
He secretly placed it.
I have four lessons today.
Many people dream.
My school library has a collection of 2.million books.
It's been a very long time since I saw him last.
Her parents are very beautiful, but she looks ordinary.
I am telling a good story to my younger friend.
Now you should rest a little.
Try resting for now.
If you want to lose weight, then you need to control your appetite.
The meeting between the school and the business is scheduled to be held on the 26th of December.
I was very cold towards her.
I certainly agree.
I have a lot of Japanese friends.
Did you give him a letter?
The bus stop is located right outside where I live.
Her pair of mountain boots are black.
He is contemplating whether or not to buy the book.
If I had the money, I would buy a new house.
Every country has its own customs.
What is knowledge?
This sofa takes up too much space.
All that glisters is not gold.
What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
A man can die but once.
Time is passing too fast.
The doctor went to the sick person's house and prescribed a few medications.
He agrees with your second proposal.
If only I had followed the doctor's advice!
There's no hope for you.
Popularity and charisma are only two of the factors necessary to win the election.
You don't need a sledgehammer to crack a nut.
You don't bring a gun to a knife fight.
I've only heard bits and pieces of the recent discussions.
The owner of the house is a nice person.
The owner of the house is a kind soul.
On that day, I turned 23.
You should support the disarmament.
Hurricanes are born in the sea, generally in places with low atmospheric pressure where the temperature is higher than their surroundings.
They're the ones who are paying.
They are the ones who are paying.
Many politicians in the U.S. have criticized Trump's decision.
I think that you should apologize to her.
"Where is she from?" "I think she's from Finland."
"Where is she from?" "Finland, I guess."
It's a very steep slope.
Do you need help learning a new language?
I want to become an interpreter.
I'm a polyglot.
Are you ready for the poker game tomorrow?
Do you enjoy crafting?
She's writing in her dream journal.
We can't wait to share our special day with you.
Let's play a board game tomorrow!
I write on my blog every Thursday.
Do you know this book?
I study Japanese writing in my free time.
I don't like studying grammar.
I'm listening to classical music.
Han, Manchu, Mongol, Hui and Tibetan people (as well as other minority groups in China) are kins in one family.
Han, Manchu, Mongol, Hui and Tibetan people (as well as other minority groups in China) are as dear to each other as members of one family.
Do you know who wrote it?
I hope you're fine.
That's not an aurochs. It's a modern cow.
Tom's patience wore thin.
A few minutes later, the telephone rang.
They considered me their grandson.
My spell turned Tom into a dog! What do I do?
It's easy to acquire bad habits.
Karate is the art of self-defense without weapons.
I didn't need to do this.
It was a slow decline.
Their favorite color is not black.
"What will he order at the restaurant?" "I think some sushi."
"What will she order at the restaurant?" "I think some sushi."
"What will you order at the restaurant?" "I think some sushi."
I won’t welcome the guests.
I’m suffocating in here. Please open the windows!
I’d guess that you have already answered.
Why didn’t they want to go to Morocco?
None of the students passed the exam.
You ought to change your tie.
You should change your tie.
Remember what we talked about yesterday.
Remember that thing we talked about yesterday.
Cut my hair shorter than usual.
We don’t know if he’s coming or not.
We don’t know if she’s coming or not.
We don’t know if you’re coming or not.
They don’t have Taiwanese passports?
We can’t go out?
She is lighting some candles in her room.
She is lighting some candles in his room.
I love the smell of coffee.
Tom is staying in Boston, isn't he?
I haven't tried to do that.
Why does Tom care about this?
I haven't tried doing that.
I didn't want Tom to be angry.
She is lighting some candles in your room.
I don't want to fail again.
I suddenly felt sorry for Tom.
I don't have a regular job.
Tom is a big bully.
We won’t leave anyone alone?
We won’t leave anyone by themselves?
Why have you taken my scissors?
From a young age, it’s important to read many books.
I told you not to call me Tom.
I pretended to be sleeping.
Tom is a crazy kid.
October is Tom's favorite month.
I need to find another job.
Tom is going to fire Mary.
I felt nervous with so many people watching me.
There were so many people in the room that I could barely move.
He wants to book a trip to Australia.
She wants to book a trip to Australia.
You want to book a trip to Australia.
They want to book a trip to Australia.
Do you want to book a trip to Australia?
Does she want to book a trip to Australia?
Do they want to book a trip to Australia?
I want to book a trip to Australia.
We want to book a trip to Australia.
Aren’t they going to Australia to build stores?
They would like to book a trip to Australia.
We would like to book a trip to Australia.
I would like to book a trip to Australia.
You would like to book a trip to Australia.
He would like to book a trip to Australia.
She would like to book a trip to Australia.
Does he want to book a trip to Australia?
We would like to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
I would like to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
You would like to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
He would like to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
She would like to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
I want to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
We want to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
They would like to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
Would he like to book a trip to Australia?
Would she like to book a trip to Australia?
Would you like to book a trip to Australia?
Would they like to book a trip to Australia?
Would he like to make reservations for a trip to Australia?
Would she like to make reservations for a trip to Australia?
Would you like to make reservations for a trip to Australia?
Would they like to make reservations for a trip to Australia?
Are we going to Australia to build stores?
Are you going to Australia to build stores?
Are they going to Australia to build stores?
Aren’t I going to Australia to build stores?
Aren’t you going to Australia to build stores?
Aren’t we going to Australia to build stores?
Isn’t he going to Australia to build stores?
Isn’t she going to Australia to build stores?
I think they are going to Australia just for fun.
I think you are going to Australia for your health.
That diner makes the best chicken-fried steak.
Before we try to evaluate the products, let’s set up a testbed so we can make fair comparisons.
The accountant who stole from the firm went to jail for corporate malfeasance.
I don’t believe his story. Do you buy it?
The armored vehicle launched a surface-to-surface missile at the enemy base.
Look through this mug book and see if you see the thief.
As a point of departure, let me recap what we did last week.
He wanted four-wheel drive, so he bought a sports utility vehicle.
What a greaseball! He’d steal from his own mother.
Many think ginseng is good for your health.
Harelip is an older term, now seen as derogatory, for the condition known as cleft lip.
He had special training so he could teach learning disabled students.
He became a licensed practical nurse because he didn’t want to go to school long enough to become a registered nurse.
He wrote the music on manuscript paper.
The company rarely innovated, but frequently copied the competition.
Tom is still a policeman, isn't he?
I read this book last week.
Why does Tom need a chainsaw?
I rarely drink fruit juice.
I didn't want Tom to buy that.
I pretended to be studying.
I've done it already.
I've been on a diet for three weeks.
I've just been to Boston.
I have a Canadian friend in Boston.
My email address has changed.
Hopefully, that's true.
Dead dogs can't bite.
Can you help me get a taxi?
Somebody's trying to kill me.
I see that dog almost every day.
I've never been inside this classroom.
I left the window open all night.
He fell on the ground.
She doesn't live here.
Where is the waiter?
Where's the waiter?
I sharpened my pencil with a knife.
I've done all that I can.
I've just washed the car.
I've just been to the airport to see Tom off.
I've just finished reading that book.
I have no wish to see Tom again.
I've been busier than Tom.
I used to do that every day.
I made you an apple pie.
I have nothing to open a can with.
I'd like to see the festival.
I've already done my work.
I visited Boston many years ago.
I often do that at lunch time.
I've often been there.
I've been to more than ten foreign countries so far.
I've been busy since last Monday.
I've read both of these books, but neither of them is interesting.
I had nothing to do with that accident.
I've never been to that town.
I haven't eaten anything for the last three days.
I haven't been sick for the past three years.
I've lived in Boston a little over three years.
I've lived in Boston for a little over three years.
Dogs that are dead can't bite.
My friend can speak Chinese and Japanese.
Chinese people have the most patriotic stomachs.
We have a few packages in here.
When was the last time you urinated?
You think it's a scary film.
John doesn't know how to speak French well.
Reading is my past-time.
The forearm and the hand are linked by a joint called the wrist.
He came in pompously, not knowing that everyone would ridicule him.
In the audience that night, unknown to the speaker, was Alan Turing.
She had been fired.
She'd been dismissed.
She had got the sack.
Tom acted against our advice.
I work as a manager.
Law is yielding: where you desire, there it goes.
It is the here and now that counts.
Life is a tale, told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
There's meaning in thy snores.
They considered me their granddaughter.
They considered me their grandchild.
He went to the airport to see them off.
Mika said to herself, "I am really lucky."
Could you give us a brief introduction of yourself?
You have all died.
I'm leaving the business in good hands.
The LVT is a municipal tax.
A magnet has an electric charge.
I don't have much initiative.
He evaded his duty.
She evaded her duty.
You have to stop if the traffic light is red.
Yesterday, I went to the doctor to see if I was ill.
I am called John. What about you?
I struggle for my family.
We need assistance.
You will never become a computer scientist.
Greet someone every time you meet them.
It is food.
Who can tell me what the acronym Tatoeba stands for?
Local people can give appropriate advice.
He is about to become a diplomat at the Chinese Embassy in France.
Japanese people are generally very reserved.
Please go to the supermarket to buy some fruit.
They are afraid.
We are going there to see him.
Doing some work won't kill you.
Are you Jose?
We died.
She is wearing stockings right now.
Excuse me, when was the mailbox last opened?
The relationship between the mind and the heart is much like the relationship between a castle's library and its master.
Have you already come back?
I want to replace him.
I don't want to eat again.
Their relationship is dubious.
She bought a dozen nylon socks.
He is leaving the house at o'clock.
Where did you go that night?
Will you let me have a go?
His co-worker is English.
Tom and Mary have a low carbon footprint.
Tom has a low carbon footprint.
The request has been black-holed.
Tom is a good name.
I think I can explain that.
These are Tom's boots, not mine.
I take this very seriously.
Tom paid for Mary's lunch.
I really like riding buses.
They monopolized the supply market and drastically raised prices.
She will never be able to get the things she pursues!
I met Tom the first time I came to Boston.
I'm accustomed to hard work.
I like oranges a lot.
I've been here for about three weeks.
I've always kept my word.
Go to the second traffic light, and turn left.
Try to get here before 2:30.
There were many empty beer cans on the floor.
Try to see if you can cheer Tom up.
Wow! Look at that good-looking girl over there.
They were happy together.
Help me hang this picture on the wall.
Tell me what Tom is like.
Write your name on the cover of your notebook.
Don't read books like this.
I'd recommend reading this book.
This is the kind of music I like to listen to.
This is the kind of music that I like to listen to.
Please help me with these suitcases.
Give me a hand with this suitcase.
A predetermining factor in the decision was the applicant’s income level.
Translate this sentence into French.
If you went jogging two or three times a week, you could probably lose some weight.
Eat your soup while it's still hot.
Tom told me he'd be in Boston next week.
What about Tom? Shouldn't we invite him, too?
Tom is going to stay in Boston for a while.
Tom is going to go in Boston next year.
Tom will stay in Boston with us next week.
I've visited Tom multiple times in Boston.
Tom didn't want to go outside without his hat and gloves.
Tom didn't want to go outside without his hat and gloves on.
I wonder if Tom really studied French.
Gold glitters, but not all that glitters, is gold.
Put this in the refrigerator, so it doesn't spoil.
Could you burn these letters for me?
Don't say such foolish things.
Take any flower you like.
Count me out if that's what you're planning to do.
Use this pen to fill out the form.
The yellow guitar pick is mine.
Tell Tom that I said hi.
Read this book when you have time.
Remember to stop by my house on your way home.
The cat acts like he's starving, when he's got a bowl full of dry food!
When my friends are one-eyed, I look at them in profile.
It was a prophetic dream.
Wasn't it a prophetic dream?
A ray of sunlight penetrated my room through a crack.
When your friend is one-eyed, look at him in profile.
When your girlfriend is one-eyed, look at her in profile.
The best part of Spring is the green fields.
He doesn't want to study.
She doesn't want to study.
The landfills next to large cities are changing the migratory habits of some animal species.
Eat wherever you want.
The green container is shaped like an igloo.
My milk, cold, please.
I'll speak slower.
That boy is perfect for you.
I have to prepare myself well so I don't make a bad impression.
The money evaporated.
I spend the day talking on the phone.
Are you all happy?
You're a bad friend.
Heat up a little milk for breakfast.
I am happy to join with you today in what will go down in history as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation.
Again and again, we must rise to the majestic heights of meeting physical force with soul force.
As far as I know, he lives here.
I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
I'm about to buy a new car.
Sit on the plane.
My daughter likes to eat egg yolks.
It was extremely scary.
Tom is your big brother.
I have never believed him.
She was confused by the news.
Thank you, please come back soon.
Is your skull broken?
This artist does Chinese painting.
He is a stubborn person.
To thank you, here is a gift.
He is satisfied with his new car.
What is this language?
Spring days have come again.
I am helping him with classes this week.
My father can take me to the airport.
These blueberries were too expensive.
I bought this pair of shoes, but they are a bit too small.
Swill the teapot out with water.
Nobody knows where he is.
The customer and the salesman spoke for two hours on the phone.
He is always very respectful of his wife's opinions.
He told his wife to stop impulsively shopping.
Regarding education, he has extreme opinions.
You killed my father. Today, I want revenge.
Where is your father's bookshop?
All the girls like singing.
Thank you once again for your attention.
Today is the 3rd.
They tried the bus.
Schoolwork, cultural work and academic work should all be promoted together.
Every day is a sacred day.
Sorry, where is the nearest bus stop?
Oops - I forgot my medicine.
He hasn't returned.
What time do you wake up on Sundays?
American medical fees are very high.
Is your name the name of an American city?
She isn't as beautiful as her sister.
He seems very happy.
He is a person that knows many things.
The work is not finished.
Can you come at at night?
I live next to an old bookshop.
I am learning about the book.
His brother is still taller in comparison.
The price is 20.yuan.
She has a cucumber at her bedside.
My shirt shrank in the washing machine.
Tom and Mary never talk about work.
Tom never talks about work.
You can turn on the lights by clapping.
The lights turn on when you clap.
Have you tried meditation?
Close your eyes for a few moments.
Life is full of challenges.
You have school tomorrow.
Go to bed. You have school tomorrow.
Tom doesn't care about money that much.
Tom played a game with Mary.
I can't wait to see what Tom and Mary have planned.
I can't wait to see what Tom has planned.
Tom owns a private island.
Don't wait too long to tell her how you feel.
Don't wait too long to tell him how you feel.
Don't wait too long to tell Tom how you feel.
The ship hit a sandbar.
The ship ran aground and was stuck.
We hit a sandbar.
I think we hit a sandbar.
The ship collided with an iceberg.
Why does Tom still have that?
I tried to look interested.
I didn't want Tom to see that.
I tried to do it carefully.
I was a bit worried about Tom.
I tried to act standoffish.
Tom has gotten much better at skiing.
You knew it. Didn't you?
I'll get my stuff.
She had everything a girl could want.
She had almost everything a girl could want.
She had nearly everything a girl could want.
Mary has almost everything a girl could want.
Mary has almost everything a girl could want, except for a boyfriend.
Tom has almost everything a boy could want.
Tom had almost everything a boy could want.
Why don't you two shut up?
Why did you wait so long to tell me?
This island is isolated.
Tom and Mary skied all day.
Tom is a backup singer.
We skied all day.
Tom flies a chopper.
Tom is a nice name.
I was sick for a long time.
Tom's condition has gotten worse.
I was drenched head to toe.
Tom tells Mary everything.
I was a teenager back then.
Tom is still at his desk, isn't he?
I try to act appropriately.
Safety is our number one priority.
Tom had a ski accident.
Tom's heart was racing.
Mary's heart was racing.
Mary became aware of her power over him.
Mary became aware of her powers.
Tom was bored with school.
Tom has a scar on his chest.
Tom looked at the snowflake through the microscope.
Tom installed a satellite dish on his balcony.
Tom installed a satellite dish on his roof.
Tom's TV has rabbit ears.
Tom installed a TV antenna on the roof.
I went skiing that weekend.
I didn't want Tom to see this.
I was up reading all night.
I wonder if I should tell Tom.
I was trying to be careful.
It's one of my favorite spots.
Tom lives in a split-level home.
Mary has a pixie haircut.
Mary has a pixie cut.
This hairstyle was popularized by Audrey Hepburn.
Tom has a pageboy haircut.
Tom has a bowl haircut.
Tom has a bowl cut.
Tom and Mary live in a ranch-style house.
I'm happy with that color.
I'm not happy with that color.
Tom took the chairlift.
Tom took the chairlift up to the top of the mountain.
The avalanche was set off by skiers.
At least four skiers were swept away by an avalanche at the Crans-Montana ski resort in Switzerland.
More than police and rescue workers were involved in the rescue operation.
Tom was trapped under the snow.
There could be more people under the snow.
Tom and Mary live in a log cabin.
Tom skied down the ski hill.
Heidi lives in the Swiss Alps with her grandfather.
I don't want anything to do with this.
Tom rode his bicycle around town.
Tom rode his bicycle around town with his friends.
Tom lives in an old house.
She looks sweet and innocent, but underneath the surface she’s a tough broad.
Tom, known to be obsequious, always tried to court favour with the boss.
Mary’s donation underwrote the development of a new program at the university.
Tom planted barberry bushes against his back fence.
Middle-aged spread often shows up when one reaches the age when eating is more frequent than exercise.
Tom was obsessive about segregating his books by the sex of the author.
They are going to Australia to build stores.
I am not going to Australia to build stores.
You are not going to Australia to build stores.
She is not going to Australia to build stores.
He is not going to Australia to build stores.
We are not going to Australia to build stores.
They are not going to Australia to build stores.
Am i going to Australia to build stores?
I assume that you don't want to do that.
Is he going to Australia to build stores?
Is she going to Australia to build stores?
I have three times as many books as you have.
I meet Tom once every three months.
Do you intend to go to Australia?
Are you planning to go to Australia next year?
Tom and Mary have never been to Australia together.
We both come from Australia.
Tom is the guy I met in Australia.
Tom is the guy I went to Australia with.
Tom will be returning to Australia tomorrow.
One of Tom's kids lives in Australia now.
One of Tom's children lives in Australia now.
Tom's family moved to Australia when he was three.
I'm very excited about my trip to Australia.
I'd like to go to Australia, but I don't have enough money to get there.
Do you really think that that'll happen?
Neither of those students passed the test.
The painting that's hanging on the wall was painted by Tom.
Tom said you speak French better than Mary does.
I can't remember when the last time I saw Tom smile was.
If Tom didn't have this pillow, he'd miss it very much.
Tom is a physician.
I'm a little bit confused.
Tom's room is on the third floor.
Tom told Mary to sit down.
I'll be glad when I'm done.
Tom is still in his room, isn't he?
I'd rather be playing golf.
Why exactly does Tom do that?
The office's air conditioning doesn't work well.
I don't love you more than I love him.
I want to work a lot less.
Are gas prices going down?
Are you guys free?
In the winter the swimming pool is covered.
The text is illegible.
Someone gave you something.
I want to win it all.
Now no one wants to take the blame.
I can't open the document.
In that kiosk they sell flowers.
It's the last time I'm going downtown.
To see an atom, you need a special microscope.
I eat a lot of fruit.
How do I get to the hotel?
The nurse will give me an injection.
The snow was making it hard to see.
Sleep as long as you want.
Do you have enough health insurance?
The swimming pool is covered in the winter.
I'm going home early today.
Tom's trial began three days ago.
I'm going through my email.
I don't believe what Tom said.
I'm not concerned about it.
Why is Tom always doing that?
I'm pretty bored right now.
Tom is still in the cave, isn't he?
I'm pretty broke right now.
Tom told Mary to stand up.
I'm pretty dizzy right now.
"Mary has a different kunya now." "What is it?"
Who are your favourite stars?
I can't go to the cinema.
The town is nearly fifteen kilometres from the village.
The house is nearly one kilometer from school.
The cat is almost five meters away from the dog.
I'm almost dead.
This is a sham.
It is a death warrant for me.
I won't protect them.
All right then.
He likes going to the beach occasionally.
He is a coward.
Every year, the summers get hotter and the winters get colder.
The troubles of life are inevitable.
Maybe that won't happen.
There can only be one world champion. The question is: Who will it be?
I am called Juan.
Do you like watching that type of film?
That dog was hit by a car.
We are three people.
Today my bag is very light.
The children gather into groups to play.
The plane came quickly.
No, thank you, I am pregnant!
I am a serious clerk, and at home, I am a good wife and mother.
You understand more than me about this sort of thing.
My grandfather lived to be years old.
I am called Lin Feng.
We will talk about this soon.
Constructed languages are also languages.
Sorry, I am not wearing a watch.
He is using a fishing net to fish.
Am I good at singing?
My friend's father is a doctor.
There was enough of A, but not enough of B.
Send that newspaper to him.
Starting from now, I am going to be more rational.
He is threatening me.
We would like to go very much.
I am coming on Saturday.
Are you going to the airport to see your teacher off?
He is used to teamwork.
Language is awareness.
Do more, and fail less.
I find this book very interesting.
I don't want to go in the car. I would rather walk.
He doesn't have a friend he can rely on.
Year by year, summer becomes warmer and winter becomes cooler.
Thе book is missing two pages.
The pie tastes sweet.
Your clothes always smell bad.
It's very dark in here. Who flicked off the switch?
I wasn't speaking to you. Please mind your own business.
She tied the dog to a tree.
The clouds dispersed.
The clouds are breaking up.
The house that stands on the shore of the lake is mine.
The house on the shore of the lake is mine.
A radical is a person who stands firmly with both feet in the air.
I love bacon!
Are you at Tom's?
Are you at Tom's place?
Tom comes from a small family.
Mary comes from a big family.
Tom had always wanted a big family.
Mary had always wanted a big family.
Tom had always wanted to live by the sea.
Tom wants to earn enough money to support his family.
Mary wanted to have lots of children.
Tom wanted to have lots of children.
Mary let out a huge sigh.
Mary let out a sigh.
Tom let out a sigh.
We always wanted a big family.
I wanted to ask you a few questions.
I wanted to ask you a few questions, if you don't mind.
Tom cried because he was so happy.
Mary cried because she was so happy.
I cried because I was so happy.
You're making me emotional.
You're making me sad.
You're making me blush!
I want to raise a family with you.
He laughed when she told him.
She laughed when I told her.
You're not a nice person.
Tom is not a nice person.
Children are the most wonderful gifts in life.
Children are one of the most wonderful gifts in life.
That was the way Tom was raised.
That's the way Tom was raised.
That's the way I was raised.
A species of giant tortoise believed to be extinct was found alive in the Galapagos Islands.
Tom and Mary have a small vegetable garden.
Tom planted lettuce.
Tom planted carrots.
I'd like to ask you a few questions if you don't mind.
Tom felt queasy.
Mary felt queasy.
Tom let out a huge sigh.
This is very intriguing.
I love bacon.
All the houses on the street look the same.
Tom listened to the fire crackling.
Tom sat by the fireplace.
Tom went straight to bed when he got home.
Tom lives in a semi-detached house.
Tom and Mary live in a semi-detached house.
I'm pretty drunk right now.
Tom is also planning to do that.
I'm pretty happy right now.
Not very many people like Tom.
I'm pretty strict about it.
I don't know how Tom got here.
I'm pretty strict, I think.
Does Tom know how to get home?
I'm pretty tense right now.
Tom is still on the roof, isn't he?
I'm pretty tipsy right now.
Tom won't drive Mary home.
Tom was sentenced to one year of house arrest.
Tom was sentenced to one year of probation.
Do you think it'll last long?
Mary is Tom's common-law wife.
Tom is Mary's common-law husband.
Tom and Mary live together, but they're not legally married.
By the time I got to school, the class had already finished.
Using a computer can save you time.
Who did you visit yesterday?
Why didn't Tom come to the party?
Do you think Tom could help us?
Does Tom need to go right away?
Does Tom need to go right now?
Why does Tom need to do that today?
Does Tom really have to do that today?
Do you know how Tom died?
Do I have to answer in French?
What time did Tom say he'd come?
All the houses on the street that Tom lives on look the same.
All the houses on this street were built by the same people.
Most houses around here don't have basements.
Most houses around here don't have cellars.
Did Tom draw this picture by himself?
What's the best remedy for colds?
What color do you think Tom likes?
The longer someone remains a child, the longer their life will be.
The Netherlands have a lot to offer in terms of nature: dunes, moorlands, fords, coral reefs, mangrove forests and much more.
Brazil maintains commercial relations with many countries.
The horse has bucked off its rider.
Hegelianism is a philosophy that has influenced many writers of the twentieth century.
He went, against all our advice.
The monuments of Florence are very famous.
Ironically, one of these Turks would become the sultan Osman I, who founded the Ottoman Empire in and reduced the role of the caliphs exclusively to the religious plane.
Narcissus has too high an opinion of himself.
He's in a very unfavorable situation.
Tom works at a hospital.
Does Tom belong to the club you're in?
What do you think of Tom's poem?
Do you remember what Tom was like?
Does Tom watch television every day?
Does Tom watch TV every day?
Did Tom have sandwiches for lunch?
Has Tom finished his homework yet?
What was Tom's motive for doing it?
Does Tom intend to become a doctor?
Do you remember Tom's telephone number?
Why don't you listen to Tom's advice?
What do you think of Tom's attitude?
What do you think of Tom's idea?
I wonder what Tom's motive for doing that was.
Where's the entrance to the museum?
Do you like to cook Japanese food?
Do Canadians eat a lot of fish?
Where did you go to in Australia?
How many animals do you think are in this zoo?
Who's to blame for the accident?
Does anybody here have an umbrella I can borrow?
Does anybody here have an umbrella that I can borrow?
Who is in charge here?
Have you asked anyone to feed your dog while you're in Boston?
Have you asked anybody to feed your dog while you're in Boston?
They can produce those goods for much cheaper.
Come however you wish.
Come as you wish.
It wasn't me who lied, rather it was you.
My phone number has changed again.
This box is from Jobe.
Yalda is the longest night of the year in the solar/Jalali calendar.
How do you assess this strategy?
In spring, nature turns green.
I would have liked to study at the university.
Please speak in Esperanto.
Who is not unwell?
The morning rain didn't stop the traveler.
Winning is not important, rather, team-work is important.
This is my check number.
Continuing this argument won't get us anywhere.
You are brave.
I have many tasks today.
There is only one sin in the world, and it is ignorance.
It is hard for him to see without glasses.
The sun is shining today.
I fell asleep watching TV.
I will go for vacation in August.
Accompany me if you have time.
German winters are colder than Italian ones.
Mom often said time is money
Escape was almost impossible.
This rope is not strong enough.
I will clean the kitchen later.
The Earth is round.
I like to have hot soups.
He drank the whole bottle of milk.
He is coming shortly.
Put that where it was.
The only constant in nature is change.
We are sorry, but we don't have publishing rights for this information.
He always insists on his mistake.
Please provide that doctor's name and phone number for me.
I was awaiting a calf. God sent a kid.
I told him that I could not accompany him in this trip.
According to the rumors, his new long-stories are based on his personal experiences.
Would you like to sell your house?
Hope demands hard-work.
Would you come to our house, Sarah?
Are you coming to our house, Sarah?
Most importantly, have patience.
I would like to meet my friend by next week.
Pay attention, there is a pothole on the street.
I would like to play tennis with Judy.
Also, I love you
His goal is getting promoted.
I just cleaned the bathroom.
You take an umbrella with you if you need to.
We learn many lessons from experiences.
Relay my greetings to your mother.
She leads the magazine department.
I will catch the next bus.
You must accept that along with others.
A human should not make the same mistake.
I have one final advice for you.
I was the happiest human on earth.
Always be cautious.
How great!
We found a shelter for the storm.
That doctor advised him to quit smoking.
Hi, I hope you are well
The trees grew quickly, and their shadows covered everywhere.
"Quod erat demonstrandum" is a Latin phrase that's often used in mathematics. It means "That which must be demonstrated."
We need to make sure you are human, What are the first five characters of you email?
I would have liked to meet him.
I talked to my classmates in class.
This is me, Aunt Wong.
Please don't enter the room.
Know that victory and defeat are parts of anyone's life - except lives of cowards, of course.
Enemy of the enemy is a friend.
I gave him the books I had.
I cannot help you more than this.
I would have liked to buy those gloves.
If it rains this afternoon, I won't go out.
People could hear the horses.
I will stay home, today.
It's a tiring job.
The picnic was canceled due to rain.
You should have kept that a secret.
He sacrificed his life against corruption.
They winked at each other in a fraction of a second.
She drank the whole bottle of milk
My uncle is not young, but he is healthy.
The school's lovely cherry blossoms drew a lot of residents to come and admire it.
He is now running the business for his father.
The world is not so bad. Of course, it is better when you succeed.
He not only graduated from studying sociology, but also philosophy.
I don't understand its significance.
Are all the prices the same?
How many chairs do you have around your table?
The young man is both capable and energetic, needless to say.
He left behind some things for his son.
For him, this is a serious enough matter.
It is easy to write love letters in Esperanto.
There hasn't been a drop of rain in two weeks.
I start work at 8.
Anger is a waste of energy.
Basket weaving is an extinct art.
We won't immigrate to Canada.
The engine will not work without fuel.
I have heard this story.
There is nothing left for them.
Lend your friend money. Borrow money from your foe.
Big cars burn a lot of gas.
Big automobiles consume a lot of petrol.
One is not allowed to break his promise.
I promise to make no promises.
My sister took my hamster hostage.
There are no trashcans on this street.
Don't forget to think before speaking.
This was his only mistake.
This was her only mistake.
As far as I know, this is the only translation.
Don't judge people by their looks.
The Supreme Court approved the primary sentencing.
I totally understand your admiration for this book.
Sartre was an important sociologist.
Sartre was a prominent sociologist.
In chess, the bishop is closer to the queen.
This clothing is inappropriate.
His criticism was completely out of place.
This is a gift to show our appreciation.
Hey, how are you? What's up?
Very little is known about her.
She extended a warm welcome to her.
I am Brazilian and I don't know any language except my own.
He became a millionaire a long, long time ago.
My stomach aches so much that I can't fall asleep.
There is wisteria around the castle lake.
On the back of the truck one can read the warning "Keep your distance."
He has always wanted to learn Japanese.
The child is pretending to be asleep.
Are we going to watch a film?
My name begins with the letter N.
I visited an elementary school.
Because of my carelessness, a lot of mistakes creep into my sentences.
In autumn, many birds fly south.
I would like some perfume.
I am a serviceman.
My pencil is as sharp as your sword.
My pencil is sharper than your sword.
Can you bring me some water?
The puppy dog will be as tall as her mother.
The cat is as tall as the dog.
My pen is smaller than yours.
The mirror isn't so clear as your table.
The fork isn't as clean as the plates.
President Trump isn't so tall as George Bush.
Your story was as good as his story.
The baklava is better than donuts.
One yours is worth more than two you will have.
I don't want to see them anymore.
I don't want to talk about them.
I don't love them.
I don't hate them.
Number is already reserved, sorry.
She has not smiled at me.
These materials are all reusable and recyclable.
Please submit the homework.
I am not correct, but you are.
Are you going to Lucy's house tomorrow afternoon?
Chicken wings are better than meat.
Is the lion as fast as a cheetah?
She gave birth to a daughter.
Lucy and I are not colleagues, we are classmates.
I don't know what I should be doing right now.
You are listening to him.
I don't see them.
I am studying computer science.
I don't like the way he smiles.
Men are hunters, and women are prey.
She likes to drink red wine, but doesn't like to drink white wine.
I am proud of my punctuality.
I am against political reform.
Hey, could you send over the stack of manuscripts straight away?
Is there anyone who wants to keep the cute kitten?
He is sitting on two chairs.
Japanese young people like rock and jazz music.
Guandong summers are long.
I run worse than Usain Bolt.
I will need to think for a while before I answer you.
Which is better, an AKor an M16?
Which is better, Mac or Windows?
This cannot be real.
Whose car is slow, his or mine?
The football match will begin at half past eight.
The boy began to talk with the girl.
I never lose. I either win or learn.
A dangerous predator has escaped.
You threw up.
I want to check the truth of the story.
Water and bread provide health.
Do you want to eat dinner with me tomorrow, at my house?
Children run quickly.
Do you like to sleep to the sound of the rain?
John was Jane's husband.
What is the minimum wage in Georgia?
There is a watermelon on top of your head.
All animals like their nests.
That man is driving a car.
His book is full of utopias.
Lots of high school kids are way too busy keeping up their grades, participating in extracurricular activities, preparing for university, and maybe working after school.
The 16-year-old studied for two diplomas: one from his high school in Ulysses, Kan., and the other from Harvard.
“I mean, it’s not like it hasn’t been done before,” he said.
It's not like it hasn't been done before.
Moral is among a small number of gifted high school students who, in addition to sitting through hours of classes, participating in extracurricular activities and finishing their homework, dedicate their evenings and weekends to online courses from the Harvard Extension School.
Despite his modesty, Moral’s case is pretty unusual, according to Harvard.
Tom's case is pretty unusual.
Tom is a gifted student.
Tom participates in extracurricular activities.
Tom participates in many extracurricular activities.
Soon after he enrolled in the program, Harvard Extension School required anyone enrolling in a degree program to be at least 21.
The program is intended for working adults with years of work experience.
The average Harvard Extension School student is an adult with a full-time job and/or a family.
I was really bored.
Tom was really bored.
Mary was really bored.
It seemed like the right fit.
“I was really bored. I was really looking for more stimulation in school,” he said.
Tom was looking for more stimulation in school.
The program costs $54,for the classes required to earn a bachelor’s degree — relatively cheap even compared with costs at many public institutions, not to mention one from Harvard College.
Braxton said he didn’t want to give up high school despite being ready to pursue a bachelor’s degree. “I get to have a normal high school experience, which is nice,” he said. “I don’t have to worry about lacking those social skills that you develop during that time. So, I appreciate all the benefits that I get from being able to be in both.”
Tom is a pretty down-to-earth student.
He is bright, but it takes more than just being bright to do this. It takes being committed.
Braxton says his teenage life in Ulysses, a Midwestern town with a population of 6,101, is like that of any other high school kid: movies, video games, martial arts and a “good friend group.”
“They all, you know, make fun of me for this type of stuff,” he said.
“But other than that, they they’re nice,” he said. “They don’t treat me differently.”
Being relatable is extremely important to him, he said, because he hopes to go into politics later.
From the very beginning, he wanted to get into politics.
Tom is very jovial.
Tom wants to get into politics.
“I’ll probably end up going to Harvard Law, I hope,” he said casually.
Tom received his high school diploma.
Tom received his college degree.
Which newspaper do you subscribe to?
How much does a newspaper subscription cost?
Do you subscribe to a newspaper?
I've canceled my newspaper subscription.
This country has a rich culture.
Did you see the game last night?
Tom sat quietly in a corner.
Mary sat quietly in a corner.
Tom made a radical decision.
Tom visited the Alhambra.
Tom wanted to have a lot of children.
Life is not a movie.
Tom sat quietly in the corner.
It came as a bit of a shock.
The news came as a bit of a shock.
Mary laughed when I told her about it.
Tom laughed when I told him about it.
Tom feels like his work is meaningful.
Tom feels like his work is meaningless.
Life isn't a movie.
I'm studying computer science.
Many birds fly south in the autumn.
Many birds fly south in the fall.
I'm pretty upset right now.
I'm still going to do that.
Tom is asleep, too.
I'm usually pretty patient.
Take care of your sister, Tom.
I've always been a fighter.
I hit Tom with a baseball bat.
I've been focusing on that.
Do you have a pen in your car?
Do you want to have steak tonight?
Why are you studying German?
Who's the girl standing over there?
Who's the girl at the door?
Are you still in elementary school?
Do you have any plans for next Monday?
What happened to Tom this morning?
When will you go back to Australia?
When do you go back to Australia?
Do you remember borrowing Tom's book?
What should we buy with this money?
What were you doing when Tom came?
What in the world does Tom mean?
When do we have to hand in this report?
What language do they speak in Australia?
When did you graduate from Harvard?
Does this bus go to the art museum?
What's the price of this radio?
What's the meaning of this phrase?
What does this phrase mean?
What's the cause of my condition?
Who's the girl in this picture?
Who washed the car?
Who's the author of this story?
Who's ultimately responsible for this?
What's the meaning of this word?
When does this plane reach Boston?
Who's the author of the novel you're reading?
Who's the author of the novel that you're reading?
Did you enjoy reading this book?
Who's to blame for the failure?
Why won't you listen to reason?
Why do you study French every day?
What wine do you recommend?
Why are you so angry with Tom?
Why did you turn down Tom's offer?
I doubt that Tom can play the violin as well as Mary can.
I doubt Tom can play the violin as well as Mary can.
What prevented Tom from coming yesterday?
Who's the man playing the violin?
Who's the man playing the piano?
Tom rides a chopper.
Tom became exhausted.
Tom got exhausted.
Tom was sewing.
Tom got hooked.
Tom was hooked.
Tom was writing.
Tom is mourning.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary what happened to him yesterday.
Tom landed.
Tom has landed.
Tom was gesticulating.
Tom was gesturing.
I haven't bought bell peppers.
He was once a rugby player.
Grab the thief!
There is nowhere in the whole world without poverty.
You are at work.
I think Tom is good.
I bought two packets of pistachios.
The glass round table was smashed.
If there is something you don't understand, then ask.
I also don't want one.
I have some friends abroad.
When will tomorrow arrive?
I have three dogs. One of them is male and the other two are female.
Our platoon was ambushed.
Tom is stressed out again.
Tom is on edge again.
His view on marriage is abnormal.
We study English, since it is an important subject nowadays.
Our venue wasn't renovated too long ago.
I don't find him sympathetic enough.
I don't find her sympathetic enough.
What did you buy for that much money?
Run faster, or you won't be able to catch the train.
I have less than five friends who can speak French.
The sky will probably turn clear in the afternoon.
Tom ran as fast as he could to announce the good news to Mary.
I like bubbly and fruity wine.
My sister is years old. She is a university student.
Haven't you chosen?
Pay attention to your food.
Whatever words you have, just say them.
The table is covered with powder.
Let's go back to lesson three.
Where are you going to take me?
The smell of roses filled the entire room.
Inside the room there is a smell of smoke.
Hua Luogeng is a mathematician.
Last Thursday, I was at his home in Madrid.
You shouldn't have sold this to someone.
He is exploring the possibility of all escapes.
In an empty place, an emperor has no power.
All of the children are listening to the teacher's words.
They don't eat.
Her remarks caused dissatisfaction in the public.
He speaks English so fluently that he resembles an American.
We were attacked from both sides.
Your memory isn't too good.
Get off the internet and take a shower.
Maria doesn't like speaking in public.
I bumped into him in London.
Even though she is dieting, the chocolate cake still tempts her.
If you want to know, just ask directly.
My beautiful ballpoint pen is purple.
I remember seeing them.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to do that tomorrow.
We saw them dance.
It's best if you don't poke your nose into other people's business.
I exercise for hour every day.
This medicine has a strong effect.
My daughter is a Spanish teacher.
Mary's artistic genius was already evident in kindergarten.
This photo is the only one in which the entire family can be seen.
Tom and Mary hiked up the volcano.
Tom has a vlog.
Tom has a video blog.
Tom has a video log.
Walking would have been faster.
Walking would've been faster.
The water is crystal clear.
There were plenty of fish in the water.
The beach was lined with palm trees.
The beach is lined with palm trees.
The water looked inviting.
I exercise for an hour every day.
I bumped into Tom in Boston.
Tom booked a room.
Tom booked a room at the hotel.
Tom snorkeled around the reef.
Tom and Mary snorkeled around the reef.
Tom learned to snorkel.
Tom is a snorkeler.
Many birds fly south for the winter.
This is an elephant sanctuary.
Tom visited an elephant sanctuary.
Sami has unlicensed weapons.
Where are those two?
Tom visited the elephant sanctuary.
Does he live with you?
Tom swam with the manta rays.
The rocks are slippery.
The rocks are sharp.
What made Tom do such a thing?
Did Tom show up at the meeting?
Do you eat lunch in the classroom?
How many days did Tom do that?
I don't know where Tom's keys are.
I've done a lot of skating.
I've done a lot of surfing.
I've drunk too much coffee.
Tom won't give Mary money.
I don't understand why people do this.
This phone has a notch.
I started doing that three years ago.
I've kept a diary for three years.
I've been busy for three days.
I'm learning Esperanto very quickly.
I've been studying for three hours.
I've been on a diet for more than a year.
I've been writing letters all day long.
I've been here for a week.
I've been waiting for an hour and a half.
I've been waiting for a friend of mine for an hour.
I've lived here since 2013.
I've known Tom for more than three years.
I made Tom tell the truth.
I had Tom take my picture.
I'd rather walk than wait for the next bus.
Tom gets up at six-thirty every morning.
My father won't be busy tomorrow.
Tom drinks a cup of coffee every morning.
My father is an electrical engineer.
My brother fell out of a tree and broke his leg.
My birthday is a month from today.
Tom gave me more than I wanted.
Tom didn't give me everything he promised.
Tom didn't give me everything that he promised.
Tom didn't give me everything he promised to give me.
Tom didn't give me everything that he promised to give me.
Tom didn't give me everything that he promised he'd give me.
Tom didn't give me everything he promised he'd give me.
My guess is that it'll rain.
My uncle who lives in Boston visited us last week.
My uncle lives in Boston.
I only have a small garden.
I have a lot of work that still needs to be done.
It seems to me that Tom is too careless.
It was a terrible disaster.
Tom is at the mall.
Most of us need to do that.
How long did you talk with Tom?
Most of us want to do that.
I knew what Tom wanted to buy.
That was the only thing that I needed to do.
Please turn in your homework.
You should've kept that a secret.
She speaks very slowly.
You speak very slowly.
Almost everyone flunked.
Dance as much as you want.
That book isn't mine.
I am the tallest.
What is the difference between 'fugginess' and 'smelliness'?
Can you describe to me the difference between smelliness and fugginess?
I'm the tallest.
It's impressive how unique every human being is.
There's no water here.
Did you suddenly get sick?
Have you suddenly gotten sick?
Do you put cotton in your ears when you go to a concert?
I don't consider them my friends.
They'll damage their clothing.
Which high school are you visiting?
Tom still hasn't found the courage to talk to the children about death.
Do you see your brother's garden?
Can you see your brother's garden?
I'm not sure. It depends.
Mary quickly noticed that Putin was not a democrat.
If you want to be happy, make someone else happy!
The uniqueness of every human being is impressive.
Life happens.
On my way to the school I saw a policeman.
I dropped my money on the way to Istanbul.
Each parrot's got a specific character.
They are ten Turkish liras each.
Each of the boys wants to drive a car.
Each of the students wants to be successful.
Each of the girls likes pink.
The salesman gave two tickets to each player.
We can see each way on this map.
Can I buy half a glass of water?
Can you give me a half bottle of milk?
Can I buy less than him?
We slept in train on the way to the Kars.
We drank beer on the way to the home.
On his way to work he bought a new tie.
We will bargain with him.
Osman bargained with the man and gave the salesman ten liras.
I am more handsome than the others.
There's no reason not to.
Mary wore a crown of flowers.
Tom is not exactly reliable.
I need to brush up on my high-school algebra.
We see her on occasion.
Must we wait for her here?
We must stop her.
We will rescue her.
We must liberate her.
We just found her.
Digital technology is advancing at a breakneck pace.
I didn't understand a single word.
That was a dumb decision.
That was a stupid decision.
Tom bore an uncanny resemblance to Abraham Lincoln.
Tom bears an uncanny resemblance to Abraham Lincoln.
Can you guess his age?
I know her by sight, but not by name.
Sami doesn't remember the details of the meeting.
I am carted on a wheelchair.
Tom and Mary keep going out to the car to do lines of blow.
Not far from the village, a shell exploded.
The wind is strong, so I am not going quickly.
Do you think this thing is cute?
He ate all of the apples.
I am not homesick.
The incident made everyone feel more embarrassed.
But the coffee isn't tasty.
I was forced to go to work on Sunday.
We have to be there an hour in advance to get our tickets.
He hopes he has already succeeded.
Are you friends?
Excuse me, which subway line is to the city centre?
Humans live in every corner of the world.
She did everything for her.
People can't keep quiet.
We saw Tom dance.
We saw Tom's dance.
We saw Tom dancing.
My French class is at 2:30.
What does Tom want to achieve?
My house was built in 2013.
Tom is still on vacation, isn't he?
Neither of us will do that.
Did Tom offer to help Mary?
Now's my chance to do that.
I was surprised by Tom's behavior.
You seem busy right now.
Are the two of you friends?
Are all of you friends with each other?
We broke through the enemy lines.
I'm not considered a member of the team.
I try to be positive all the time.
I'm not positive that this is what we should be doing.
I'm positive that Tom didn't do that.
I'm positive that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I'm not positive this is what we should be doing.
I'm positive Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I'm positive that it was Tom I saw in the park last night.
I'm positive it was Tom that I saw in the park last night.
Tom is always so negative about everything.
I wish you'd be more positive.
I'm absolutely positive it was Tom who stole your violin.
Tom's speech ended on a positive note.
We have no positive proof that Tom is guilty.
Tom tested positive for steroids.
I'm positive I gave you Tom's address.
I'm positive that I gave you Tom's address.
You need to be more positive about your work.
Are you positive you saw me turn the stove off?
Are you positive that you saw me turn the stove off?
We've gotten a lot of positive feedback.
We need to give students positive reinforcement.
Tom had a very negative attitude.
Tom has a very negative attitude.
Tom's negative attitude is beginning to irritate me.
Please come back to Boston.
Tom is back in bed.
Please make a contribution.
I don't want to do that to Tom.
Stop embarrassing yourself.
I need to tell Tom everything.
That was a good compromise.
Tom is still out of town, isn't he?
The supermarket was closed.
I bet Tom still loves Mary.
We can get there by subway.
I'm meeting Tom's parents tonight.
We can't afford to do that.
We can get there by underground.
What is the name of this village?
For the first time in the history of the Catholic Church, bishops from around the world have been meeting at the Vatican to confront the issue of the sexual abuse of children by clergy.
Native American Indians considered the coyote to be the Creator's Messenger on Earth, teaching people how to live.
Before taking the stand, the defendant raised his hand and swore to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
It is obvious that she is prejudiced against me.
I simply can't predict what the outcome will be.
As hard as he tried, he did not succeed.
You shouldn't judge me, because you don't know what's in my heart.
I've been called for jury duty.
No matter what you think, the verdict was not just.
Did you try on the dress before buying it?
Several tests were conducted in the lab.
Just admit that you are wrong.
I'll tell Tom what a tremendous job you did.
Many drugs in the experimental stage are tested on lab animals.
What is an endurance test?
I don't know her age.
I don't know his age.
No, I haven't purchased this guitar yet. I have it on trial from a music store.
You still don't know how to use the accusative in Esperanto? You must try harder to assimilate the rules which govern it.
Experience has shown that the most beautiful inventions, when they are in the hands of those with capital, serve humanity's misfortune instead of its liberation.
Several illegal immigrants were found dead not far from the border crossing.
Who invented the safety pin?
The rules of the house are everywhere.
I think that in the West, the first musical notation was invented by monks.
In addition to being a great painter, Da Vinci was also a remarkable inventor.
History teaches us that human progress is not always linear. There have been many periods of regression.
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
Platonic love is love from the neck up.
Talent is what you possess; genius is what possesses you.
The impossible is often the untried.
Nietzsche said that without music, life would be a mistake.
She looks much younger than she really is.
They were highly attuned to the possibility of there being scheduling issues.
I amn't going to do that.
Despite not having an education, he is still a semi-skilled worker.
He is known amongst the police department for being a serial larcenist.
My parents loved them.
As a child, Claude preferred to occupy himself with grammar books than to play with his friends.
My father did not allow me to have a dog.
The streets were deserted.
You don't know what you're saying right now.
You're washing laundry for me.
You're doing laundry for me.
You're washing my laundry.
You're doing my laundry.
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important.
How would you like these items?
Tom is being weird.
We can't do that right now.
I was really worried about Tom.
We can't hide here anymore.
I told Tom to be home by 2:30.
We have walls for a reason.
When did Tom buy his umbrella?
We're looking for treasure.
Tom is still pretty busy, isn't he?
What causes a panic attack?
Are you positive you saw me turn off the stove?
Are you positive that you saw me turn off the stove?
I wish that you'd be more positive.
I'm absolutely positive that it was Tom who stole your violin.
We have no positive proof Tom is guilty.
I'm positive that it was Tom that I saw in the park last night.
Who does your laundry for you?
How much would you charge me to do my laundry for me?
Do you do your own laundry?
I'm looking for someone to do my laundry for me.
Let us do your laundry for you.
I don't have time to do the laundry today.
My mother doesn't do my laundry for me anymore.
I hate doing the laundry.
Could you please help me fold the laundry?
Please help me hang up the laundry.
My father didn't allow me to have a dog.
I can't imagine what it's like to be there.
My homeland is the whole world.
My homeland is the whole earth.
The whole world is my homeland.
I can't forget the day I met Tom.
The whole world is my fatherland.
Everyone has an area of interest.
Thanks for not making any trouble.
Of course every religion has its own rules.
My father didn't eat dinner yet.
I would like to learn all the European languages.
This event has touched me.
Excuse my ignorance.
Man was not born but made man.
It seems like no big deal.
She'll treat you like shit and then say you treated her like shit.
She'll always make sure you feel like nothing compared to her.
I'm self-sufficient.
Thanks for explaining it to me.
They were the losers.
This is very sweet.
The discovery of a new food does more for the human race than the discovery of a star.
It is better to change an opinion than to persist in a wrong one.
Greg has the grace of a swan, the wisdom of an owl, and the eye of an eagle. Ladies and gentlemen, this man is for the birds!
The dog fell asleep on top of the blanket.
There are often border conflicts between these two countries.
Where can I buy an entrance ticket?
I have no intention in arguing about your theory.
I hope you don't tell her about it.
We are working hard to cooperate more.
There are still two stops left.
Excuse me, where is the train station?
I am not famous.
Unfortunately, you will return to China soon, so I will have nobody to accompany me.
Germans are not willing to produce nuclear energy, but are not against using that of their neighbouring countries.
When I first met her, she was nearly years old.
I am playing Chopin.
Tomorrow, I want to go to Madrid. It is the capital city of Spain.
I think I have a question.
I gave him sweets.
At what time is she going?
She is the victim of this incident.
Will I answer her honestly?
She is smart, isn't she?
Have you woken up?
When I grow up, I'm going to be a pilot. What do you want to be?
Mary protected her husband.
What color is your bicycle?
Why are you being followed?
Tom is eating, too.
Why are you being so quiet?
Who did Tom kill?
The table is covered with dust.
I'm no longer friends with Tom.
Why are you coughing today?
I told Tom to do that at once.
Why are you leaving school?
When did Tom buy that sweater?
Why are you still in there?
Mary put on her best dress.
Why did you lie about that?
Tom's friends are waiting for him.
Why exactly do you do that?
I can't find time to read books.
I was scared of everything.
Judge people by the company they keep.
John told you the truth.
Oh damn, the wrong link did come from me!
Winter came and the waters froze.
You can judge people by the company they keep.
People can be judged by the company they keep.
The ships were made from wood.
You can often judge people by the company they keep.
There's a saying that you can judge people by the company they keep.
You can usually judge people by the company they keep.
They say you can judge people by the company they keep.
You can't necessarily judge a book by its cover, but you can judge people by the company they keep.
The housewife is sweeping the leaves in the courtyard.
My parents live in Windhoek; I live in Lüderitz.
I've heard it said that you can judge people by the company they keep.
I tend to judge people by the company they keep.
Lightning flashed.
We tend to judge people by the company they keep.
Don't make yourself nervous!
It's often said that you should judge people by the company they keep.
The mail hasn't come for a long time.
It's often said you should judge people by the company they keep.
I don't think it's unfair to judge people by the company they keep.
So when did you buy yourself a motorcycle?
They say you can usually judge people by the company they keep.
Are we sure there are no snakes in Ireland?
They managed to escape through the window.
Do you judge people by the company they keep?
My nationality is Albanian.
Do you think that it's fair to judge people by the company they keep?
Do you think it's fair to judge people by the company they keep?
I'd like to visit the ruins of Athens.
When did you buy yourself a motorcycle?
Her current attitude confirms what we had guessed.
His current attitude confirms what we had guessed.
Sparta aspired to hegemony over all of Greece.
This burn was caused by boiling water.
I'll start with a tomato soup...
Yesterday I was absent because of an exam.
Don't talk so loud!
It's exactly as you told me.
The port is free of ice.
I see you really have some big, beautiful projects.
I was there the day before yesterday.
Come tell us about your adventures in life.
Wisdom is a union of moral science and art.
Tom opened it.
Tom closed it.
I'm still trying to get in touch with Tom.
It seems to me that you should be able to do that by yourself.
It appears that you're all mistaken.
It appears you're all mistaken.
Tom doesn't have the qualities of a good teacher.
Are you OK, bro?
The Danube flows slowly.
He's also responsible for the cleanliness of the bathrooms and has to order the sailors to wash them.
Three days before my flight, I still didn't have a visa.
That's beyond our power.
Would you need my help?
We should avoid this subject at night...
Let's get it done without arguing!
Let's get the job done without arguing!
Do a bad person a favor and he'll hurt you; hurt him and he'll do you a favor.
I'm facing Tom without any fear.
Leo's travelling to Venus.
He considers himself indispensable.
I don't write letters often.
The trip was fun enough.
She beat her children.
It's gorgeous out today.
Lisa is German.
I'm from the United States.
I'm from the United States of America.
I'm from the USA.
Your Chinese is so good, you can quote proverbs.
She can only go to the company to do voluntary work on Sundays.
His answer is negative.
Despite a lot of difficulties, he still completed the task.
He is very loving.
In summer, everything will recover.
Please give it a check, then hand in the examination paper.
Please can you pass over the salt?
I am writing a paper on the French Revolution.
Then people knew, that the world is a sphere.
They have achieved excellent results in different fields.
I don't know if I can go to the party.
Where is your phone?
Tom is always absent.
He thinks that they are eager for glory.
I missed the opening ceremony of the Olympics.
You put your hat on backwards.
Does he have the opportunity to win?
My underwear is dirty.
I am at the dentist.
Today, chicken feathers are quite cheap!
She is thinking about travelling.
He wants to know more about them.
It is only ten yuan!
The road starts to suddenly rise from here.
That is metres long.
That trip is expensive.
All men play baseball.
I am eating a slice of watermelon.
Throw this rotten banana.
The stomach pains are unbearable.
Don't you have anything to eat?
I hope everything goes well!
There are also lots of counters over there.
In July of 2015, the highest temperature in the capital city of Iraq, Baghdad, was 51.degrees Celsius.
In French, you can rarely omit the subject.
On the weekend, I climbed the mountain.
Although he is not a singer, his singing voice is fantastic.
He believes there is a spy among us.
The clouds are large, and the raindrops are small.
I have a question I want you to answer. Can you?
He is a workaholic.
People have two legs.
I'm from Berlin, Germany.
I'm from Costa Rica.
I'm from Uzbekistan.
Are you Polish?
We got married one year ago.
This animal's tail is long and strong.
Two and two is four.
I am here to learn English.
It's quite nice here.
Throw away these rotten bananas.
That's thirty meters long.
I'm writing a paper on the French Revolution.
I don't often write letters.
I want Tom to understand that.
You can't go back in there.
I've learned so much about Tom.
You can do that yourselves.
Tom is in my group.
Why is your car still here?
Just admit that you're wrong.
No matter what you think, the verdict wasn't just.
I can't be much older than you are.
Tom is here and he's ready to help.
You're deluding yourselves.
Tom and Mary agree with me.
You should go play outside.
Tom is stronger than you, isn't he?
You should get out of here.
When did Tom get that sweater?
You don't need to dress up.
Fighting is not a solution.
People with this disease are usually paranoid.
Everyone get up and put your children on your shoulders.
Aren't you going to invite her somewhere?
Where was the last time you saw Holly?
The world is bigger than five.
The English clubs want to sign Ali.
What the hell?
I am feeling younger again.
He says he still loves me, but I don't believe him at all.
The widow mourned for her husband for a long time.
Studying is a student's work.
I said that I was just kidding about it.
Most of all, I hate wearing socks.
Is the incurrence of this penalty correct?
He works from morning until night.
I came to know this from some reliable sources.
You have developed a bald spot.
You are a disappointing person!
This is a city of real historical value.
Their team lost again.
They advanced to the quarter-finals.
Some foods make you thirsty.
I can translate between Chinese and English, and can participate in negotiations with foreigners.
I don't have time to meet up with you.
Give me a hand, since I have this essay to write.
If confidence, determination and courage are together in one place, there is nothing that cannot be done.
I help my mother to cook the food.
Before you can change the world, first you have to change people.
They are discussing the state budget.
They seem to be happy, don't they?
Everyone has stupid thoughts, but the wise conceal them.
I have searched for you all over the world.
They are only slaves, who speak about freedom.
Beauty without kindness is like a rose without its scent.
Life is a continuous back and forth.
What does a clown do in an office? Fax!
It talks about the tragic fate of slaves in the eighteenth century.
If it is not sick, an apple does not fall from a tree until it is ripe.
If he knew that he had won the lottery, he would've called me straight away.
Why have almost all people got a clean conscience? Because it is unused.
A good friend is someone who knows about your past, believes in your future, and accepts you for who you are!
Where is there a good course for Guarani?
The hotel "Blue Ocean" is considerably more comfortable than the youth hotel "Siberian Hut".
Tom is a master of the art in always being right.
If you plagiarise my sentences, then I will plagiarise yours.
I was smart.
Tom helped his friend who had fallen, and consequently, he broke the ice.
I have two native languages.
The building was built by a Russian architect.
Tom works hard, so his parents are proud of him.
A cat has no morals.
They do not have what we require.
I wouldn't like to lie to her.
My two sisters look gorgeous.
We have driven around for an hour trying to find the hotel.
You don't listen!
The marriage is in two months.
There was a lot of housework to do.
You don't have any reason to be jealous.
Pollution is a serious problem in China.
"How do you think I look?" "Very pretty."
What street did he take?
They became angry.
They are looking at the beautiful flowers.
You don't work less than me.
The meat stays good in cold weather.
She got sick.
She got ill.
I often play football after school.
What do you think I'm thinking about?
What do you think I'm thinking?
Freedom isn't free.
I can't remember the last time I watched a basketball game.
I can't recall the last time I watched a basketball game.
I can't afford to send my children to a private school.
I can't reach the top shelf unless I stand on a chair.
I can't remember Tom ever taking a day off from work.
I can't tell you exactly what time we'll get there.
I can't get anything done if you keep bothering me.
I can't believe Tom ate the whole chicken by himself.
I can't fit everything I need into one suitcase.
I can't say for certain what's going to happen.
I can't believe Tom would do such a thing.
I can't remember who gave me that information.
I can't stand people who are always bragging.
I can't say I'm surprised that Tom did that.
I can't remember where Tom said he was born.
I can't figure out what caused the problem.
I can't drink because I have to drive home.
I can't stand people who lie all the time.
I can't leave the place looking like this.
I can't understand why Tom is doing that.
I can't survive on thirty dollars a week.
I can't remember precisely what happened.
I can't imagine Tom getting here on time.
I can't decide who to invite to my party.
I can't see myself ever getting married.
I can't get the cork out of this bottle.
I can't figure out why Tom quit his job.
I can't figure out what Tom wants to do.
I can't explain it any better than that.
I can't believe you asked that question.
I can't understand why Tom wasn't here.
I can't tell Tom and his brother apart.
I can't stand the sight of you anymore.
I can't see how that's going to happen.
I can't say I'm surprised Tom did that.
I can't say I'm sorry to see Tom leave.
I can't remember exactly what happened.
I can't decide what to make for dinner.
I live with my girlfriend.
I can't get that song out of my mind.
I can't believe that you asked that question.
I can't believe that Tom ate the whole chicken by himself.
I can't believe that Tom would do such a thing.
You work a lot more than I do.
You work more than I do.
Yasmin is Brazilian.
Marina is from Russia and Clarissa is from Sweden.
Don't you think it's a little bit expensive?
I can't continue doing this any longer.
I can't believe it's been thirty years.
I can't tell you how frustrated I was.
I can't quit my job. I need the money.
I can't find a pair of shoes that fit.
I can't express my feelings in French.
I can't do everything for my children.
I can't tell you when we'll be ready.
I can't tell you when that'll happen.
I can't tell you how frustrated I am.
I can't see myself with anybody else.
I can't keep up with all the changes.
I can't get that tune out of my head.
I can't get this song out of my mind.
I can't control what other people do.
I can't understand why Tom did that.
I can't tell you how hard it's been.
I can't seem to shake off this cold.
I can't see myself with anyone else.
I can't see Tom agreeing to do that.
I can't say I'm sorry to see Tom go.
I can't remember Tom's phone number.
I can't forgive Tom for what he did.
I can't figure out how Tom survived.
I can't even believe Tom isn't here.
I can't believe you're OK with this.
I can't speak highly enough of Tom.
I can't remember Tom's wife's name.
I can't remember Tom's exact words.
I can't really talk about that now.
Don't you think that's a little too expensive?
Don't you think that that's a little too expensive?
Was that what you wanted?
Why didn't you bring Tom with you?
Why is this document so important?
Why do you think this is important?
Are you sure it was Tom that you saw crossing the street?
Are you sure that it was Tom that you saw crossing the street?
Are you sure it was Tom you saw crossing the street?
I've made some coffee for us.
I've made us some coffee.
Have you done what I asked you to do?
What do you think will happen now?
Who told you I was going to the beach today?
Who told you that I was going to the beach today?
Tom is from Australia and Mary is from New Zealand.
Is it true that Tom will be here tomorrow?
Is it true Tom will be here tomorrow?
I found this in the park.
I found this in the back of my closet.
I can't find a clean pair of socks.
I can't concentrate when I'm tired.
I can't believe I'm thirty already.
I can't wait to see Tom's costume.
I can't tell you how happy we are.
I can't swear that it's the truth.
I can't quite put my finger on it.
I can't make an exception for you.
I can't leave the house like this.
I can't leave the house dressed like this.
I can't leave the house looking like this.
I can't leave the house this dirty.
I can't leave the house until I put on some makeup.
I can't leave the house until I put some makeup on.
We're getting married next year.
It's raining a lot!
I can't find anything that I need.
I can't do everything for my kids.
I can't comment on that right now.
I can't be happy with third place.
I can't tell you how happy I was.
I can't stand Tom's whole family.
I can't remember when I did that.
I can't put Tom in that position.
I can't picture Tom hang gliding.
I can't go along with Tom's plan.
I can't get the lid off this jar.
I can't get the lid off this box.
I can't get rid of this headache.
I can't find clothes that fit me.
I can't be in two places at once.
I can't wait for Tom any longer.
I can't stand much more of this.
I can't find the remote control.
The population of China and India surpasses that of any other country.
I can't cancel that appointment.
I can't be there until tomorrow.
I can't see out of my left eye.
I can't get the stove to light.
I can't find clothes to fit me.
I can't express how sorry I am.
I can't believe a word you say.
I can't attend today's meeting.
I can't allow Tom to go abroad.
I can't stand people who brag.
I can't remember where we met.
I can't get my suitcase open.
I can't get this door locked.
I can't give you any details.
I can't make it there in time.
I can't find anything I need.
I can't decide who to invite.
I can't afford to waste time.
I can't talk about that now.
I can't find my other sock.
I can't find my other glove.
I can't decide what to wear.
I can't dance to this music.
I can't come until tomorrow.
I can't untie my shoelaces.
I can't sleep on the floor.
I can't sleep on airplanes.
I can't read Tom's writing.
I can't pretend any longer.
I can't find my other shoe.
I can't find a clean shirt.
I can't afford to get sick.
I can't work in this heat.
I can't get this nail out.
I can't get this box open.
I can't afford to eat out.
I can't seem to get warm.
I can't resist chocolate.
I can't take the strain.
I can't reach that high.
I can't hear you at all.
I can't quite remember.
I can't go out tonight.
I can't digest lettuce.
I can't stop yawning.
I can't see you now.
I can't come today.
The roofs of Japan are low for foreigners.
It appears to me you're mistaken.
I have some Canadian friends.
We'll be living here next month.
It was hard for me to refuse Tom's request.
I had nothing to do with Tom.
We'll visit Tom next week.
We elected Tom captain of our team.
We congratulated Mary on her engagement.
We've broken off relations with them.
He opened the bottle.
It appears to me that you're mistaken.
He opened the door!
We might've underestimated Tom's ability.
We congratulated Tom on his success.
We showed Tom some pictures of Boston.
We hope that Tom can go there.
He opened the doors.
He opened the gate.
We've started to recycle newspapers.
We were waiting for Tom for a long time.
I wasn't able to finish my homework in time.
I was unable to finish my homework in time.
We've been invited to dinner this evening.
We happened to meet Tom in the park.
We lost sight of Tom in the crowd.
We'll debate this subject at the meeting.
We waited for Tom for a long time.
We've been waiting for Tom for a long time.
We hurried to the station, but we still missed the train.
We generally do that.
We've been studying French for three years now.
We'll know the truth before long.
We weren't invited to the party.
Tom couldn't find a bottle opener, so he tried opening the bottle with his teeth.
Tom couldn't find a bottle opener, so he tried to open the bottle with his teeth.
Who was the greatest con man in history?
Who was the greatest con artist in history?
Who was the most notorious con man in history?
Sometimes I have to walk to school.
We'll take part in the marathon.
We failed to persuade Tom.
I've been instructed to take you to the airport.
Tom is disabled.
This tool is completely useless.
Do you know how to turn this device on?
I suggest you study it.
I suggest you all study it.
I tend to dream when I sleep.
I usually dream when I sleep.
If you've had a lot to drink, it's best not to drive.
I want you to teach me it.
I don't write many letters.
She pushed up her boobs.
As soon as you finish, get out.
It's best not to think about it anymore.
I have no desire to get up today.
The first one to get there wins.
First one to get there wins.
He helped the poor.
Even if that were true, why would it matter?
Even if that were true, what difference would it make?
Even if you're right, who cares?
Even if you're right, what's the difference?
Even if that's true, what's the difference?
Even if that's true, who cares?
Let's assume you're right. So what?
Developing countries are looking to expand their labor markets.
With around million tons gathered every year (as of 2009), Brazil is the third largest producer of fruits worldwide, behind only China and India.
Has she betrayed your trust?
My daughter has been nursing her baby for over six months.
I find this thing ridiculous.
Something can be both the beginning and the end.
When was the Second Temple destroyed?
The Second Jewish Temple was destroyed in CE.
The Byzantines massacred most of the Jewish population of Palestine.
Why couldn't we survive on Mars?
What is the largest prime number smaller than a googolplex?
What's the largest prime number smaller than a googolplex?
God bless America, or it'll invade Heaven.
There is a nice park nearby. Do you want to go there?
There are two schools in our village.
Tom traveled around Asia.
Tom traveled around Southeast Asia.
Tom traveled around Japan.
Mary ironed Tom's shirt.
Tom traveled around Russia.
Tom traveled around Turkey.
Tom has a passport.
Tom has an Australian passport.
Tom stayed at an inn.
Tom stayed at a B&B.
Tom stayed at a Bed and Breakfast.
Tom stayed at a motel.
You've answered your own question.
You've just answered your own question.
Tom stayed at a hostel.
This economist studies the global economy.
Tom has a holiday home.
Tom traveled around Canada.
Tom and Mary stayed at a farm.
Tom lives and works on an organic farm.
The caterpillar ate all the leaves.
Crows love our watermelon.
More than years ago, Jonathan Bethony, then an aspiring musician, visited Senegal to learn West African drumming.
Jonathan ended up living in a small desert village.
Jonathan discovered a passion for baking.
Jonathan Bethony visited Senegal to learn West African drumming, but became more interested in working with local farmers.
I returned to Senegal years later.
Having his own bakery was the next step for him to put into practice the techniques he’d learned and developed over the years.
In November, he opened his bakery and called it Seylou, which means eagle in the Mandinka language of West Africa.
Seylou's baked products are healthy, but it's the taste that brings customers back.
The idea of sustainability became a cornerstone for Seylou, which gets all of its grain fresh from local farmers.
Bethony uses about varieties of organic grains in making his bread loaves.
“We use several varieties of wheat alone, and about different ryes,” he says. “We also use barley, oats, non-gluten grain, sorghum, buckwheat. I use legume from farmers. I have some beans in some of my bread. "
A lot of these soils are destroyed from growing tobacco. So, growing a crop like millet helps rejuvenate them.
Bethony is also one of only a handful of bakers around the United States who mill their grains on-site.
This unique approach to bread-making caught the attention of food and environment reporter Sam Fromartz, who's written a book titled, "In Search of the Perfect Loaf."
He says knowing how to mill and knowing which grains to use is what gives each type of bread its unique texture and taste.
Tom surrounds himself with like-minded people.
Tom is patient and is willing to learn.
Bethony says Seylou wouldn’t fly without the support of his wife, Jessica Azees, a teacher and yoga instructor who became his business partner.
“It’s a rewarding opportunity for me to get to meet all kinds of great people walking through the door, working with our staff, with the farmers we’re working with all the time.” Azeez says.
Seylou's baked products are rich in natural minerals, vitamins and essential acids. But it's the taste that brings customers back.
Bethony wants people to have a different perception of healthy food.
“When you’re going to a pastry shop or a bakery, there is excitement, like 'let’s go get a treat or a crusty bread',” he says. “I don’t want to take away any of this experience. "
Customer Nooni Reatig, an architect who works nearby, has been convinced. “At first, I was skeptical about the whole, whole grain," she admits. "But I tasted Jonathan's bread and it’s not something static, it’s completely a live product. It has so many things going on at once, like the bread, when you bite in, the crust is crispy but inside has a bounce and a texture.”
Bethony forms each loaf by hand, feeding them one by one into a wood fired oven.
Each loaf takes about hours from start to finish.
It's a long process, but Seylou's loyal customers say the results are worth it.
Tom read the Lord of the Rings.
Tom was naked except for a loincloth.
Tom was naked save for a loincloth.
Tom was naked but for a loincloth.
Tom overstayed his welcome.
Mary brought tea and small cakes.
Mary brought tea and cake.
Tom came to Mary's school.
Tom came to Mary's school to give a talk to all the students.
Tom's book was adapted into a film.
Tom's book was adapted into a movie.
Mary brought tea and fruit cake.
Mary is obsessed with real estate.
Mary brought in the tea and cakes.
Mary brought some tea and lemon cakes.
Bring us tea and cakes.
You may bring the tea now.
Mary brought a few light cakes for tea.
Mary brought tea, biscuits and cake.
Mary brought tea cakes.
Tom brought petit fours.
Tom brought tarts.
Mary brought a bowl of clotted cream.
The tea is brewing.
Tom ate the cake and drank the tea.
Tom switched off the light to save electricity.
Tom's book received mixed reviews.
Tom looked sadly out of the window.
Tom looked sadly out of the broken window.
Tom looked happily out the window.
Tom looked sadly out the window.
Tom is a backpacker.
Tom backpacked through Europe.
Mary ironed Tom's shirt for him.
I can't figure out how Tom was able to do that so quickly.
I can't imagine what it would be like to do that.
I can't believe how much happier Tom looks today.
I can't remember if Tom resigned or not.
I can't really do much more than that.
I can't believe we've really finished.
I can't figure out what this is.
I can't believe your team won.
I can't believe Tom got fired.
I can't comment on that.
Tom went to Mary's school to give a talk to all the students.
Please be careful of the opening doors.
We need to sleep at least seven hours a day.
We have to go there whether we like it or not.
We didn't have much water.
I have two sons. One is in Boston and the other is in Chicago.
We hadn't gone very far when it started to rain.
It isn't what Tom says that annoys me, but the way he says it.
This is the book that I borrowed from Tom.
This is the book I borrowed from Tom.
I stayed in Boston only a few months.
It would be best if I did that by myself.
Mary put a note in Tom's lunchbox to tell him how much she loved him.
Tom had to drop out of college because he couldn't afford the tuition.
I can't believe three years has already gone by.
I can't figure out how Tom was able to do that.
I can't even remember where I bought this.
I can't wait to see Tom and his children.
I can't fire Tom. He's our best worker.
I can't believe Tom gave up so quickly.
I can't wait to see what happens next.
I can't believe it's been three years.
I can't believe Tom is being replaced.
I can't believe I just did what I did.
I can't do anything today.
We need to sort things out.
Have you already sorted everything out?
I finally found out the truth yesterday.
It wasn't until yesterday that I found out the truth.
It took me three hours to drive from Boston to here.
Tom asked me to lend him my dictionary.
I've been walking for over four hours.
When I'm finished with what I'm doing, I'll come.
Not freaking possible.
It's good to practice what we're learning.
You can't burn anything without oxygen.
I've left my umbrella in the phone booth.
There's no salt in this shaker.
There are no eggs in the fridge.
We don't have any ketchup left.
We're out of ketchup.
Tom isn't exactly what you'd call handsome.
This isn't useful at all.
I didn't find this book very useful.
The map Tom drew for me wasn't very useful.
The map Tom drew for me wasn't very good.
The map Tom drew for me didn't help at all.
The map that Tom drew for me wasn't very useful.
The map that Tom drew for me wasn't very good.
The map that Tom drew for me didn't help at all.
I think doing that will take up most of my time.
I think that doing that will take up most of my time.
When did Tom learn to do that?
Do you know that man's name?
I wonder who Tom did that for.
Do you know how to get home?
The same thing happened to Tom.
Come and see for yourselves.
Tom is in the line.
Are you two going to Boston?
Tom took his ball and went home.
They say that when dogs bark, the caravan still moves on.
I got a call from Tom this morning.
I didn't have much time to prepare the speech.
Come in. It's cold outside.
Don't believe a word Tom says. He's lying through his teeth.
Will you still love me after you get to know the real me?
I had no difficulty in finding your office.
I'm from Algeria and I'm learning Berber.
I watch a lot of interesting videos in Berber.
I've already read today's paper.
He learnt Berber really fast.
Berber became an official language in Algeria.
Berber is our mother tongue.
You need to study French every day.
I didn't think it would be that easy to do that.
It's likely to take you about three hours to do that.
You have to speak French.
We were talking about life.
He slowly stirred the coffee to which cream had been added.
Now you are here, help me.
I drank as much as I wanted.
There'll be no way to explain it.
There'll be no way of explaining it.
I took the exam without studying for it.
You won't pass the exam if you don't study for it.
He's prepared.
She's prepared.
The world is on the edge of destruction.
We started hugging and kissing each other.
That can have serious consequences.
You are my property.
I'm not your property.
He was rigid with terror.
I am dying to escape.
I don't believe that there are ghosts in the world.
Do you have a woollen blanket?
In my sandwich there is meat, cheese and tomatoes.
I want to take a look at this room.
The teacher easily loses his temper with the students.
She doesn't like the colour of this dress.
There were no chairs in ancient China.
Japan's culture has deeply affected East Asia.
We heard a voice from the bedroom.
I always make typos.
We won 6-in today's competition.
Does your hotel have a name?
You don't want to believe Tom.
Do you think this will burn?
Tom is taking a bath now, isn't he?
Doing that wasn't an option.
Tom and Mary are incorrect.
Don't get yourselves killed.
Tom's mother died on Mother's Day.
How did you like the picnic?
Tom is really loud.
Now that you're here, perhaps you could help me.
This is one of my biggest fears.
This is one of my greatest fears.
This is one of Tom's greatest fears.
This is one of Tom's biggest fears.
You look like a completely different person.
I've been reading this for a few hours.
I've been hoping to hear from you.
I've been here several times this year.
Tom died at the scene of the accident. Mary and her father were seriously injured and are in the hospital.
I've been to the station.
I've decided not to support the plan.
It looks like Tom is feeling much better today.
In my opinion, Tom's right.
We assume Tom is honest.
We assume it's natural.
We assume that it's natural.
You'd better change your clothes.
You should change your clothes.
You ought to change your clothes.
Tom has overstayed his welcome.
If you want to be happy, make someone else happy.
If you want to be happy, make somebody else happy.
We haven't gotten any mail in a long time.
Let's try to get this done without arguing.
I don't want to get out of bed today.
I'm not homesick.
The trip was expensive.
Would you like a slice of watermelon?
I have a question I want you to answer.
Would you mind giving me a hand with these suitcases?
Tom and Mary seem to be happy, don't they?
Tom and Mary seem to be happy together, don't they?
Tom speaks two languages, but he doesn't sound like a native speaker of either.
There's no reason not to stay.
It backfired.
Mary was the matriarch of the family who lived on the farm for five generations.
Mary was the matriarch of the family who lived on the homestead for five generations.
The walls were covered with wallpaper.
The walls of Tom's room are covered with posters.
She couldn't find her shower cap, so she took a shower without it.
The beret is an iconic French headpiece.
Look, there's a cafe here. Was it here before?
See to it that you are not late.
I am a supporter of democracy.
I don't support that theory.
Unanimity is not always desirable.
They knocked down a part of the wall.
She is working.
The website manager is very busy.
We waited for such a long time.
Every person should be able to speak their mother tongue.
The fish in this restaurant is delicious.
My car is not red, it is blue.
My brother is years old today.
Don't let him lose hope.
They will not die.
Despite different languages and cultures, everyone still became friends.
Hey, sir, the function on the blackboard is not exponential, but trigonometric.
He put this box on the table-top.
For the whole day yesterday I was learning English words off by heart.
This cucumber is very long!
He has some foreign books that cannot be found in Japan.
My father is retiring at years old.
This time, the nuclear test was a success.
He recorded a documentary and gave it to me.
Don't judge people based on their appearance.
The teddy bear is more beautiful.
Please call me Philip.
Tricycles are banned in some cities in Vietnam.
It is very difficult to understand him.
Why is she crying?
I like eating tomatoes.
I love flowers a lot.
Be careful, the road is slippery!
Octopi live in the sea.
The stairs have up to steps.
No, you cannot use my car!
Mom cooked some tasty food!
Which language is the most difficult?
Translating is very tiring.
Where should I hang the calendar?
There is acid in lemon.
I want to be honest.
The wound doesn't hurt, but it stings.
This is easy to solve.
In Brazil, he stayed in Esperantists' houses.
They spoke on the telephone with Tomás.
The farmer uses a different tool for each task.
He took office as president.
In this year's science fair, we are going to show how a motor works.
I wanted to see the soap opera, but he wanted to watch the football.
She mentioned the incident to Mary.
Who is the lady waiting at the door?
I brought many books, so I would not get bored during the trip.
I am a genius!
Even in poor countries, there live some people who live relatively well.
That is no problem; I will do the ironing and the folding of the laundry. I like doing it a lot.
The others in the class are laughing at me.
I have bought him a birthday present.
Good day. Would you please bring me a mug of coffee?
We made it! Isn't that great!
Humour is the satire of yesterday.
Where could I find a train station?
I could not have guessed that she did that!
Early today, we harvested ripe figs.
I am going to buy clothes today.
This afternoon, I am planning to study English.
Tom is travelling around the world.
This is not a cat, it is a dog.
After eating the meal, everyone is tired.
I am not a scientist at all.
I want to help you to study French.
I have never travelled in an airplane.
It has started raining again.
Due to the rainstorm, the river water surged over the river banks.
I want to be an English teacher.
Do people in your country eat rice?
I bought a second badminton racket for myself, but I forgot to buy a shuttlecock.
You are just a whore.
I love drinking tea.
I want to get lost.
Tom turned on the electric fan.
A teacher's salary is lower than a lawyer's.
The weather is too cold to swim in the sea.
People say he's competent.
They say he's competent.
A foreigner came up to me and asked me for money.
I don't like champagne.
I cried over my parents.
He'll leave Japan in April.
He's going to leave Japan in April.
We were falsely accused.
They left their husbands.
When did Tom lose his car key?
I also want to visit Boston.
It's too late to call Tom now.
I also want a cup of coffee.
Don't you recognize me? I'm Tom.
How much do carpenters make?
It's started raining again.
I've never traveled by airplane.
I've never been on a plane.
This is my first time to fly.
This is my first time to go anywhere by plane.
I'm going to buy clothes today.
My car isn't red. It's blue.
My car's not red. It's blue.
Give my regards to your wife.
Tom asked his mother to buy him a new toy.
Tom is tall and also strong.
Tom is tall, and strong, too.
Tom was fined for crossing on a red light.
Tom's book was made into a movie.
Tom is patient and willing to learn.
The present perfect is not used with something that happened long ago.
Tom doesn't have a passport.
Tom doesn't have a passport yet.
Tom needs to get a passport.
Down with neutralism!
I'm just as hurt as you.
I'm just as hurt as you are.
I've suffered as much as you.
I've suffered as much as you have.
Tom didn't know how much he'd hurt Mary.
Tom's car was damaged more than Mary's.
Tom's car was damaged more than Mary's car.
Tom's car was damaged more than Mary's car was.
We were both hurt in the accident.
Both of us were hurt in the accident.
We were both injured in the accident.
Both of us were injured in the accident.
This is the first time that I've ever put out a fire with sand.
If you go to bed dressed like that, you'll catch a cold.
I don't work any more than you do.
Just because something's more expensive doesn't necessarily mean that it's better.
Just because something's more expensive doesn't necessarily mean it's better.
Tom goes to his parents' house every weekend.
Who are all those people over there?
Are you sure there aren't any snakes in Ireland?
Are you sure there are no snakes in Ireland?
Is it true that there are no snakes in Ireland?
Is it true there are no snakes in Ireland?
Is it true that there aren't any snakes in Ireland?
Is it true there aren't any snakes in Ireland?
The dog fell asleep on the blanket.
On my way to school, I saw a policeman.
Where were you two?
I like hot soup.
I'll clean the kitchen later.
You aren't a nice person.
When I grow up, I want to be a pilot. What do you want to be?
Today is the third.
"Horses" is the plural of "horse."
We'll let you know as soon as we decide.
My body is old, but my spirit is young.
I haven't eaten anything for the past three days.
I've eaten nothing for the past three days.
I've enjoyed reading this novel.
I've had no chance to see that movie.
I had the same problem as you did.
I've had to stay in bed for three days.
I've heard quite a lot about you.
I've just written a letter to Tom.
I have no idea how long it'll take.
Have you already said hi to Tom?
I didn't even know about it.
Tom is scared, too.
I didn't do this on purpose.
What are Tom's chances of winning?
I can't be with you all day.
Tom and Mary are intrigued.
I can get that book for you.
Tom is taking a big risk, isn't he?
I can buy that book for you.
Those boats are mine.
You should sing.
You should win tomorrow.
For one reason or another, I'm more active at night.
The world is evil.
Once there was a king named Alfred.
Tom is a very Machiavellian person.
Tom is a very wily person.
Real knowledge does not come from books, not even holy ones, but from experience. The best way of understanding reality is through feelings and intuition, not through the intellect. The intellect is limited.
I'm going to get rid of my computer and try to get my life back in order.
A crocodile tore off his leg.
A crocodile tore off her leg.
Tom himself sewed on the button that had fallen off.
Tom himself sewed on the button that had come off.
A crocodile tore off his arm.
A crocodile tore off her arm.
Tom has a strong handshake.
Tom is a former athlete.
Tom was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome.
Tom went through a nasty divorce.
Mary went through a nasty divorce.
Tom has Asperger's.
Tom is an aspie.
Tom has Asperger's syndrome.
Tom kept the diagnosis a secret.
Tom kept his diagnosis a secret.
Mary kept the diagnosis a secret.
Most people think they're above average.
Most people think that they're above average.
Most people think they are above average.
Everyone thinks they are above average.
The walls of Mary's room were covered with posters.
No one saw us, I hope.
Tom is a dog walker.
The dog licked Tom's face.
Children often believe in fairy tales.
Tom is experimenting with a new hairstyle.
Tom tried a new hairstyle.
Tom is trying out a new hairstyle.
Tom tried new hairstyles in front of the mirror.
Mary tried a new hairstyle.
Mary tried new hairstyles in front of the mirror.
Tom plays the glockenspiel.
Augmented reality is the future.
Hiplet is a new dance style that combines hip-hop and ballet.
Nashville, Tennessee is America's country music capital.
This is the place to go.
That's why people come here.
John Shepherd can sing almost any country song on command.
He found the cage empty.
I tried to dissuade him.
I tried to dissuade her.
I tried to dissuade Tom.
Tom tried to dissuade Mary.
Tom tried to talk me out of this.
Tom tried to talk Mary out of this.
Don't sit there. That's Tom's seat.
I have a long list of ideas.
Tom and Mary are irritated.
I got home just a while ago.
Tom is taking care of it, isn't he?
I don't often drink tequila.
Why did Tom ask that question?
I don't need three bicycles.
Living with Tom won't be easy.
I don't eat bread every day.
I've forgotten to pose your question to Tom and Mary.
You look totally exhausted.
You were my hero.
Nobody saw us, I hope.
I'm probably too old.
I'm apparently too old.
It's not just Tom and Mary that have made mistakes.
Midori ate a large segment of the orange.
He often sees the bottom of the glass.
Many people rejected the invitation to the welcome party.
His leg was put in a cast.
What are they laughing at?
My mother doesn't wake up early.
It rains a lot during June and July.
If you are not busy, why don't you come fishing with me this weekend?
He doesn't eat.
I don't like eating meat.
He likes wearing socks.
She's pretty ugly.
Viva Maduro!
Long live Maduro.
Viva Maduro.
Thank you very much for your participation!
Cats only have two eyes.
He spent a lot of money on helping the poor.
There is a lot of dust in the attic.
If you need a dictionary, I can lend you my old one.
Please write down your residential address and home number.
He can speak Japanese very well, but I cannot understand German.
My parents teach me to abide by my promises.
A good idea suddenly came to me.
"Did you watch TV on the weekend?" "No, I didn't."
This is simplified Chinese.
Scarabs are insects.
Your clothes are extremely beautiful.
His little brother takes studying very seriously.
You should learn more.
Few people know anything about the plan.
I was not yet married at that time.
This is my mum and my dad.
The opening ceremony of the Olympics has already begun.
These are all languages of the Altaic language family group.
You are eating breakfast before you water the plants.
He especially loves to tell jokes.
Oranges are not vegetables.
Is the oven really closed?
Are you speaking or not?
She will not die.
I will pay you back next week.
I met her at 8:30p.m at the cathedral.
I like listening to pop music.
He has what I lack; confidence.
She drinks alcohol-free beer almost every day, because her favourite drink is beer, but she doesn't want to drink alcohol every day.
The classmates all like reading Japanese manga.
She is lying on the table.
Taninna studies in the library every day.
A glass of wine, please.
How many people are in your household?
Right now is the time of year to see the cherry blossoms.
Due to the lack of water, many of the plants have withered.
I am more or less the same age as you.
He almost froze to death from the snow.
We have already won this battle.
I hope you will enjoy your time in China.
My mother is quite angry.
Where are you going first of all?
His salary is high, and the hours are pretty good, too.
I don't want to be selfish.
She will easily make it up to you.
Why do you talk about this all the time?
Do I need to put a coin in first?
Have you washed?
One person hides something, and ten people look for it.
Juan is years old today.
He said that, on the whole, it was correct.
I don't have a treadmill.
This place is surrounded by hills.
Our house is made up of seven rooms, one of which is a kitchen.
He doesn't need to get up early.
I have more than five friends who can speak French.
Happy year of the rooster!
Could you drive to the station?
Don't mix the dishcloths with the serviettes.
We are not yet in the worst of the hurricane.
The computer is a machine that allows one to write as quickly as they think.
Do you want to see my collection of butterflies?
It is yours to give!
Marie broke the window.
What do you think about the parka?
We need to be warmly welcomed and supported.
Look, Marie, do you know that man over there?
Spain is a very sunny country.
The town is encircled by the enemy.
I like the colour red.
I printed many copies of the insurance contract.
I love my brother, and no matter what happens to either him or me, I will never stop loving him!
Unfortunately, the results are never as good as predicted.
Some people are convinced that they are protected by a guardian angel.
Time will always take revenge on those who forget about it.
This child has the flu.
I am looking for sentences to write.
Thomas grinned.
She often played tennis on Saturday afternoons.
This shop is the best one in town.
They want a lawyer.
She didn't drive during the night.
I am not ready to be in a serious relationship again.
Where is Marika working now?
It is in the restaurant where Dan eats lunch.
Tell me, where were you born?
He is too friendly.
She doesn't care very much about her children.
days have passed.
As soon as I finish, I am going out.
We are resolving the problems.
Ah well, you're out of luck!
You're really lucky!
Which train do you take?
We woke up sweaty.
A circle of children, with their hands behind their backs, observed with a respectful curiosity.
You don't understand that.
We don't know English at all.
Do you know how to speak Mandarin?
They whispered.
I didn't do them up.
You had vertigo.
In what year was America discovered?
My heart is beating heavily.
I am nervous to tell him the good news.
I think that Shakespeare is the best playwright of all time.
The music he writes is very relaxing.
The ham is salty.
Many students were suspended to due their lack of school uniform.
I confided in your good criticism to make the educated decision.
I can't go any more quickly.
They are not my rules.
The dogs sniffed each other.
Don't tell Tom what we have planned for next week.
Hello, are you Ana?
Next week, I don't have to go to work.
Hey, sleepyhead, wake up!
I need to eat more healthily.
A chipmunk is sitting in the tree eating a nut.
The day is still young.
The Esperanto alphabet is based on the Latin alphabet.
He lost the key.
Really, I like studying many languages.
The shop only admits payments in cash.
There have probably been discussions on the topic.
The investments grew by 39% in relation to 2010.
The situation is serious.
Cuzco was the centre of the Incan empire.
The paint was put on with a roller.
At that time, I was not studying.
Unfortunately, I must refuse.
My mum spoils me.
She never says anything bad about other people.
He ran to arrive on time.
Not a single person will appear.
Even my parrot can speak Esperanto.
Why do you want me?
Have you heard that Tom and Maria have separated?
Because they had not uploaded it.
Calamity Jane lived in California.
I also know how to ride a horse.
Learn Vietnamese easier with Tatoeba.
People are the only animals that can laugh.
Is the house beautiful?
I am going out, aren't you?
My Vietnamese is not very good.
We are awaiting visitors tonight.
Can I pay by Visa?
He made an effort to arrive on time.
I was going to meet him, but I was very busy this week.
He answered briefly.
My motorbike uses up a lot of gas.
I don't have time to meet you.
I am Vietnamese.
A new school has been built.
Tom has an awful headache.
For how long can a human stay awake?
She has almond-shaped eyes.
The women don't pay her attention.
Tom has a son, who just turned three.
Run as fast as you can!
The situation was hopeless and time passed brutally quickly.
They helped her go to Canada.
That is the situation.
That is how I found the sentence translated online.
The house was built in 1960.
War will not bring lasting peace.
I love diversity.
She is terribly ill-humoured.
In the background we saw the island.
First food, then morality.
This is a man-made language.
Your reason is very good.
I have a completely stupid question.
Do you have any free time this weekend?
My head hurts. Maybe I should take an aspirin.
Your ferry is not big.
All of her daughters are beautiful.
You are Anna.
What you said is baloney.
He is only a poet.
You should lose weight, because you are too fat.
We don't sell beer.
I didn't want to know what Tom was planning to do.
Why does Tom still have those?
I haven't had breakfast yet.
Needless to say, Tom was late.
I haven't finished my story.
I sacrificed everything for Tom.
I have a pertinent question.
Tom is sleepy, too.
I have a long list of names.
I like chocolate cake.
I'd like some chocolate cake.
You should lose some weight.
All of three of Tom's daughters are beautiful.
Both of Tom's daughters are beautiful.
Tom's daughter is beautiful.
Both of Tom's ex-wives are living in Boston.
Tom sewed on the button that had come off.
Carlos is having lunch with his girlfriend.
I'm going to pick up Rocío at the airport.
Why is Linda here?
I'm going to pick Tom up at the airport.
The drainage systems are not able to handle the water pressure.
We all started hugging and kissing each other.
Everyone started hugging and kissing each other.
Everybody started hugging and kissing each other.
As soon as you're done, why don't you go home?
Tom can't eat with chopsticks.
The shirt you're wearing is really wrinkled.
That's beyond my control.
Do you really think that we can do that without Tom's help?
Do you really think we can do that without Tom's help?
I saw a policeman on my way to school.
Tom swam thirty laps this morning.
Tom is my sister's friend.
Tom might hurt you.
I live in a rural community.
I don't know where Tom's shoes are.
I like the way you did that.
Tom and Mary are skeptical.
I just wasn't strong enough.
Tom is teaching here now, isn't he?
I just bought this umbrella.
The shirt that you're wearing is really wrinkled.
We all want to do that this afternoon.
We left without telling anyone we were leaving.
They took my suitcases away from me.
Now I understand why.
We've matured.
The movie we watched last night was really scary.
The movie that we watched last night was really scary.
The movie that Tom and I are planning to watch tonight is supposed to be really scary.
We owed Tom that.
You taught Tom well.
You like apples, don't you?
You're my daughter.
We each drank three cups of coffee.
Esperanto has no true grammatical gender.
Tom really is a fifth wheel.
In any case, it's too expensive.
Tom is a furry.
It's Sarah's apple.
I gave Sarah the apple.
We gave Sarah the apple.
Aaron gave it to Sarah.
Sarah gave it to Aaron.
Sarah's going to give it to Aaron.
I have to give it to Aaron.
I didn't give Sarah the apple.
I want to give it to Aaron.
This is my real hair.
Has your phone connected?
My class is not very big; there are only students.
She is angry, and still tired.
Therefore, other people's ways of thinking might not be suited to you.
A triangle has corners, and a hexagon has corners.
When is breakfast?
Please give me some advice on what I should do.
He is a law student.
Because you work so much, you are always very tired.
Water is spurting from the fountain.
Sasha and Masha were born in St. Petersburg, but all they remember is Tomsk, where they grew up.
There's nothing on TV.
Nothing's on TV.
Suddenly my computer stopped working.
I have waited for you for a long time!
In my soul there are many places that are cynical and arrogant, but at its core, it fears the darkness and is as weak as a sheep.
This is a sturdy handrail.
I have already waited for half an hour.
He is a famous painter.
Learning physics can change your way of thinking.
Do you enjoy feeling nostalgia?
The butcher's knife is in the drawer.
I am learning to dance, once a week.
I want to attend the party on November 1st.
I have lost one of my folders.
He ordered me to go to bed early.
What day of the week was it this time last year?
What was the reason for it?
I was awake early today.
My house is by the sea.
Shanghai summers can reach temperatures of up to 38-degrees. That is extremely hot!
It seems that I am going to order some dessert.
No, Charlie is in Spain. Daniel and his mother are in England.
My name is Jose. We are friends.
He didn't listen to his father at all.
I don't want to listen to you complaining again.
Thank you for your translation.
He's sick. That's why he didn't come.
He's sick. That's why he hasn't come.
She's sick. That's why she didn't come.
She's sick. That's why she hasn't come.
I didn't know you were a furry, Tom.
We were wrongly accused.
Tom is the lead vocalist, isn't he?
I prefer a simpler approach.
Why does Tom think I did that?
I need you to do that today.
Neither Tom nor I can do that.
I need to see more evidence.
Have you discussed that with Tom?
I may have to do that today.
Ilhan Omar is one of the few politicians with courage in the United States.
Ilhan Omar was right.
Ilhan Omar didn't say anything antisemitic, but is being punished for criticizing Israel.
AIPAC is an unaccountable lobbying group with extreme opinions on Israel that do not represent those of American Jews.
We've been up all night.
Perhaps we'll find it.
What Tom said made Mary angry.
Please give me a large bowl of rice.
What Tom said wasn't exactly correct.
What Tom is doing is illegal.
What Tom is doing is against the law.
Please give me a large serving of rice.
What Tom said could possibly be true.
What Tom said is wrong.
What Tom said surprised me.
Finally, we arrived in Australia.
What Tom said was completely meaningless.
Weeding the garden is my job.
My mother bakes cakes.
What Tom said embarrassed me.
Do what Tom tells you.
What Tom did wasn't wrong.
What Tom says is absolutely correct.
I think that maybe Tom was right.
I guess that Tom was right.
Are you saying that Tom was right?
Let's hope that Tom was right.
I realized that Tom was right.
That means that Tom was right.
What Tom said is probably correct.
You shouldn't quit studying French.
You may use this if you want to.
What Tom bought there was this umbrella.
On Mondays, we usually go bowling.
Have Tom come early tomorrow morning.
A guide showed the tourists the museum.
We were fascinated by Tom's voice.
We received word of Tom's death.
What Tom says sounds strange.
What a pity Tom can't come!
What Tom bought was very expensive.
What Tom said may be true.
We have no trust in Tom.
Have Tom wait a moment.
They're more emotional than us.
They're more emotional than we are.
When Tom finished running, he was happy.
We'd better leave Tom alone.
Tom greeted me.
We should adopt Tom's proposal.
We made inquiries into Tom's past.
We looked to Tom for help.
We ought to adopt Tom's proposal.
We ought to leave Tom alone.
I like both of them.
I took it for granted that you would do that.
Go to the mosque five times a day.
In hard times, you find out who your friends are.
When times are tough, you find out who your friends are.
You find out who your friends are when times are tough.
There's a saying that when times get tough, you find out who your friends are.
Water is gushing from the fountain.
I hope to visit Boston again.
I hope you'll be able to come to the party.
I hope this good weather lasts till the weekend.
I hope it'll clear up soon.
I hope that this good weather lasts till the weekend.
I hope that you'll be able to come to the party.
We're studying English, which is an important subject nowadays.
We're studying English, which is an important subject these days.
Matches are not toys for children.
"Do you have a match?" "Sorry, I don't smoke."
"I talked to Melissa yesterday." "Who is Melissa?"
The candidate became the target of growing opprobrium as his past misdeeds came to light.
The criminals used steganography to hide their communication in plain sight.
Broadcasters select the programs they will air based on the audiences they hope to attract.
The use of abstraction in computer programming allows us to create and understand the behavior of very complex software.
You shouldn't endanger your children just because some fruit loop claims vaccines cause autism.
If you spill a pot of coffee on the carpet in your dorm room, you probably won't be getting your security deposit back.
People often seek to magnify others' faults while minimizing their own.
Manual dexterity can deteriorate with age, making it difficult for older people to perform tasks they once found easy.
His mobile phone was stolen.
Many Chinese people make good guests, especially those from rural areas.
I can't work for this company anymore.
He has two daughters who have both married doctors.
That child is eating a roll.
I have already worked the whole day. I am very tired.
I want to study Chinese and go to China.
She bought a pair of walking boots.
History is life's lover.
It's already been two weeks since I saw you last.
She is scared.
She is going to sleep.
Which day of the week do you study Korean?
They have potatoes in France, but not in the Netherlands.
Am I a good teacher?
Welcome. Now that many people have arrived, please take a seat and wait for a while.
I think you are mixed race, because you look a bit Chinese.
He is majoring in economics.
I wake up at eight.
Please find us a table for two people.
He is not going to Shanghai.
Next month, I am going to England.
This depleted his financial resources.
4.yuan for one pound, now isn't that cheap!
He is towing.
We ride the train.
The quality of these products is the same.
I lost my money.
Shall we take a bath together?
I discovered that there was a court case.
Are we going to have a tour?
I am going to get a lemonade.
It is a fundamental human right.
Tom will not ruin his clothes.
Marika has stopped calling me.
Thank you. It is kind for you to be thinking of me.
Pierre ate and drank a lot, with his usual eagerness.
The student obtained better results than the teacher.
Piety is the child of ignorance.
You were not scared.
Here is the key with which he opened the door.
He slipped.
Preventative medicine is very important.
Isn't this his car?
Shark soup or whale steak? You have the choice.
Where do you train your students?
He didn't have another choice.
I bought a cashmere sweater for myself.
I am trying to conquer his heart.
How many users are currently online?
He improved his results.
You listened to your mother.
Give me a bottle of water.
You all know how I feel about Marika.
Enjoy the happiness.
But what will I get if I give you back your toy?
Yesterday, we decorated the Christmas tree.
Don't you know anything else about what it happening?
A new love is like a new life.
Maybe the two parties will be able to come to an understanding.
They fought for their home country.
In this moment all we know is that Ursula is dead.
This medication is only available through prescription.
Please don't forget it!
We never forget our first kiss.
Peter and Paul said that they would also die as martyrs.
Languages and words are inherited.
A day is split into the morning, pre-noon, noon, afternoon, evening and night.
She brings the cheese.
Have you already swam naked once before?
In the brevity lies the power.
They were afraid that you had made a mistake.
Please forgive my terrible German.
Leyla smelt like alcohol.
Tom has founded his own company.
Peter screams from his throat.
I am flying to Paris the morning after tomorrow.
The young people must learn from the elders.
Will you help me then?
Do you have your own bank account?
Dry off your face.
I have helped the poor.
That is the rest of the whiskey in the bottle.
The luck has left him.
The radio programme was listened to by millions of people.
This book is 'popular science' in the best meaning of the word.
Should I go to the party?
I played guitar.
Tom has gotten fatter. He can't get through doors anymore.
In sad times, comedy blooms.
Who gave Greece so much money?
He visited us often when I was a girl.
I speak Esperanto very badly.
I have eaten cooked eggs.
He changed a lot.
The mechanic opens his workshop at seven.
I will not be able to finish if you don't help me.
This knife is not at all sharp.
He is unlikely to come today.
He dug a pit with a shovel.
I prefer to take a vacation in the winter.
I prefer to take a winter vacation.
He is an extraordinary person.
I pretended to be listening.
Tom and Mary don't like me.
I won't tell you my address.
I don't know where Tom's socks are.
I want to leave early today.
Tom saw a squirrel.
I won't be able to finish if you don't help me.
I hurried to the bus stop so I wouldn't miss the last bus.
I know you're hiding behind the curtain.
I know that you're hiding behind the curtain.
I wonder which way is faster.
I didn't think doing that would be that easy.
I like pizza a lot.
I waited for Tom till it got dark.
I did that once when I was a student.
I never spoke to Tom after that.
I remember reading that book.
I got this painting at an auction.
I'll be here until I retire.
Tom is the night janitor, isn't he?
I'd rather eat Chinese food.
Can you guess what Tom told us?
I wouldn't want to say that.
The phone rang, waking Tom up.
I wouldn't make you do that.
I have a few more questions, Tom.
Tom has never been so close to failure.
I'm excited to just be here.
I wasn't able to change Tom's mind.
I'll pay this bill tomorrow.
Tom and Mary have to leave.
I am either going to see a film, or going to see an opera.
Give me a ring when you go running.
We want to stay for three nights.
She can also speak a little bit of French.
What will I be doing this time next year?
My brother and I are doing Russian homework.
This train is going to London.
I need my boots.
I have already looked up this word in the dictionary.
My parents told me that I need to respect old people.
I am giving you a little gift.
He paid the prostitute the fee without being aware of the surveillance camera.
Could you introduce me to a lawyer?
She lived alone after her husband died.
I completely understood.
The TV shouldn't be so close. Put it a little further back.
Do you know whether or not it will rain tomorrow?
Isn't that good?
It needs to be judged on whether it meets the ethical standards.
You ruined my BMW!
He is behind the railing.
I was secretly in love with him.
Do you want to go to Valencia or Barcelona?
Anyway, if you want to do it, then you should do it.
Please write down and give to me your personal address.
He lets his workers eat meals in the office.
Xiao Yu, this is Juan, and I am Juan's friend.
Science has changed my life.
Although these batteries are new, they don't work.
I have already waited nearly half an hour.
When can we use this until?
Is this a pussycat?
A specter is haunting Europe — the specter of communism.
All the powers of old Europe have entered into a holy alliance to exorcise this specter; Pope and Czar, Mettemich and Guizot, French radicals and German police spies.
Where is the party in opposition that has not been decried as communistic by its opponents in power? Where the opposition that has not hurled back the branding reproach of communism, against the more advanced opposition parties, as well as against its reactionary adversaries?
Gone fishing
Communism is already acknowledged by all European powers to be in itself a power.
He took it as a personal attack this time
It is high time that communists should openly, in the face of the whole world, publish their views, their aims, their tendencies, and meet this nursery tale of the Specter of Communism with a manifesto of the party itself.
To this end the communists of various nationalities have assembled in London, and sketched the following manifesto to be published in the English, French, German, Italian, Flemish and Danish languages.
Two things result from this fact.
Take it out of my pocket quickly!
Do it out of your own strength
The doctor advised me that I should not work so much anymore.
I want to give her a gift for her birthday.
Tomorrow it will be prohibited to drive private vehicles downtown.
He made the decision to become a knight-errant.
Because you sell it.
I'm the continental champion.
He loves to walk.
She loves to walk.
Surely somebody loves her.
Surely somebody loves you.
He's done that again and again.
I will go to London tomorrow morning.
Tom has survived.
She is peeling crab shells.
I'm not his friend.
I'm not her friend.
They sleep together in a cave or a tent.
Father often says: "Time is money!"
I've been at the station.
You've been at the station.
Please try to remember.
This is not toilet paper.
My uncle has children.
Tom was suddenly overcome with a deep despair.
Life is a constant battle. Victory goes to those who, with coordination, discipline, and enthusiasm, fight according to a plan that has been thoroughly studied and is as simple as possible.
Work is not a hardship, but instead a pleasure, when it is done by your own free will, with the awareness that you are working for the common good instead of some thieving boss.
The language by itself doesn't have any notable value unless it is applied practically.
Yankev can't follow the play because Beyle keeps getting up.
Yankev is Hasidic.
Yankev is a Hasid.
Yankev is a secular Jew.
Yankev has family in Bialystok.
Yankev's uncle Borekh lives in Bialystok.
Beyle's aunt Sheyne lives in Bialystok.
Yankev and Sheyne live in Bialystok.
Sheyne is Yankev's daughter.
Sheyne is Yankev's sister.
Yankev is Sheyne's brother.
Yankev is Sheyne's son.
Yankev and Sheyne are married.
Yankev and Sheyne are friends.
Yankev and Sheyne just met.
Yankev's house is yellowish gray.
Yankev was strongly affected by Borekh's story.
Don't be duped by this charlatanry, Yankev.
A husband and a wife are spouses.
Tom and Mary intend to divorce each other.
He wants to get a divorce.
I'm interested in carpentry.
We kicked Tom out of our band.
I'm glad everything went OK.
I see no reason not to visit Tom.
I'm familiar with this area.
Tom waited in vain.
This isn't toilet paper.
Do you know whether or not it'll rain tomorrow?
I remember seeing this movie before.
I saw Tom just the other day.
I remember doing that with you once.
I think I'll wear this red sweater.
I think it'll cost you more than 10,yen to have this camera fixed.
I spent the whole day in cleaning my room.
A woman writes the word "Free" on her friend at an event marking International Women's Day in Santiago, Chile.
Civic and governmental organizations around the world are preparing to recognize and celebrate International Women's Day on Friday.
International Women's Day is a more than 100-year-old celebration of women's social, economic, cultural and political successes worldwide while also calling for gender equality.
International Women's Day falls on the same day every year, March 8, and brings together governments, women's organizations, businesses and charities.
Cities and towns around the world mark the day with rallies, conferences, art and cultural projects, and lectures.
It began in when 15,women garment workers went on strike and marched through the streets of New York, demanding shorter work hours, better pay and voting rights. In 1910, a German woman named Clara Zetkin suggested the declaration of a Women's Day at an international conference attended by women. The idea was accepted unanimously.
The idea was accepted unanimously.
In 1910, a German woman named Clara Zetkin suggested the declaration of a Women's Day at an international conference attended by women. The idea was accepted unanimously.
International Women's Day began in when 15,women garment workers went on strike and marched through the streets of New York, demanding shorter work hours, better pay and voting rights.
In 1911, International Women's Day was celebrated for the first time in Austria, Denmark, Germany and Switzerland.
More than million women and men attended demonstrations in support of a woman's right to work, vote, study and hold public office.
The United Nations officially recognized International Women's Day for the first time in 1975.
Ahead of the International Women's Day, the International Rescue Committee has released a report on the five most dangerous places in the world to be an adolescent girl. Taking into consideration data on child marriage, adolescent birth rates, literacy, rates of violence and child labor, the IRC named Niger, Yemen, Bangladesh, South Sudan and the Central African Republic as the most dangerous for young girls.
The IRC noted that percent of women and girls in South Sudan have experienced physical and/or sexual violence in their lifetime, making it one of the highest rates in the world.
Wars and ethnic conflicts around the world are being recognized this year as the main cause of sexual and gender-based violence.
The United Nations and the Red Cross and Red Crescent last month joined forces to end the use of rape as a weapon of war.
"Let me be clear. Sexual and gender-based violence in conflict is not only a horrendous and life-changing crime, most often perpetrated against women and girls. It is also used as a tactic of war, to terrorize families, dehumanize communities and destabilize societies, so that they struggle to recover for years or even decades after the guns fall silent," U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said.
Other world leaders have also decided to take on gender-based violence.
I think we'd better wait for another thirty minutes.
I think we'd better wait another thirty minutes.
Last year's midterm elections in the United States saw a record women elected to Congress.
On International Women's Day in 2007, then-U.S. Secretary of State Condeleeza Rice established the International Women of Courage Award to be presented to women who have shown leadership, courage and resourcefulness.
We can rely on Tom's judgement.
The U.N.'s theme this year is "Think equal, build smart, innovate for change."
On its website, the U.N. has collected stories of women who have made a difference in their communities. Stories such as that of Nur Nahar, a refugee from Myanmar who has taken it upon herself to mentor other women fleeing to refugee camps in Bangladesh, and Colombian Mila Rodriguez, who founded an all-women group to promote peace and Afro-Colombian music.
A library run by a volunteer group in New Delhi’s largest slum resettlement colony is helping underprivileged teenagers become writers.
On a recent Sunday afternoon, thousands of shoppers crowded the hallways and stores of the Citygate Outlets shopping mall in Tung Chung, one of Hong Kong’s new town developments just a short train ride from the airport.
Some visitors had recently arrived by plane, wheeling luggage with baggage claim tags.
“Many of our tourists just want to cross the bridge and see the bridge, since our groups consists mostly of old people,” she said.
The China-Zhuhai-Macau-Hong Kong Bridge has a total length of kilometers.
"The base ingredient in Coca-Cola is the kola nut that's indigenous to Africa," says Frederick Opie, professor of history and foodways at Babson College in Wellesley, Massachusetts.
Watermelon, okra, yams, black-eyed peas and some peppers are all indigenous to Africa.
Many African Americans love spicy food.
Enslaved African chefs left their mark on certain cooking methods, while also developing recipes that are now staples in the American diet, particularly in the American South.
Many of these foods with roots in African American culture eventually came to be known as "soul food."
"Soul food is just a term that was coined during the Black Power movement of mid-to-late 1960s as a way of identifying a food that represented the heritage of African Americans," Opie says.
Many people around the world love spicy food.
I was able to solve that problem this morning.
I was able to do that this morning.
I think it's dangerous for children to do that.
I think that it's dangerous for children to do that.
I'm getting used to living in Boston.
I was very tired when I got home last night.
I was exhausted when I got home last night.
I've never been so humiliated in my life.
I'd be grateful to you if you did that for me.
What Tom said is of no importance.
Please record Tom's speech.
Tom's speech bored me.
Q.E.D.
QED.
I'd like you to help me in the garden.
Beyle wishes lobbyists would stop speaking for her.
Beyle feels helpless.
Beyle is concerned that the people who claim to be defending her are doing nothing of the sort, and that she has no power to influence their decisions.
Beyle is very worried about the rise of Neo-Nazism.
Beyle is disgusted by people who care more about defending Israeli war crimes than about antisemitism in her own country, yet speak in her name.
It seems like girls are becoming more and more interested in science.
I have had a cough for two days, and it still isn't any better.
Americans are kind people.
This photograph was taken by him.
My father is not Spanish, he is Portuguese.
Do you have any friends that are doctors?
He is going to that Chinese restaurant to eat a meal.
We are firstly going to Beijing.
I have passed all my exams.
Her eyes are dark.
Not many customers come to this restaurant in the afternoon.
I was forced to learn Spanish.
We do not understand each other.
Thank you for your strong support.
She drank three cups of coffee.
I like songs in Esperanto.
He likes mischief.
There is something that I want to tell you.
Let's take a brief look at this topic.
I prefer to take the train rather than the bus.
The biggest victory is to win over yourself.
Please take care of your body.
He only says these things as a joke.
Her behaviour is very vulgar.
Previously, he was a successful man.
She cannot see his face.
Summer came quickly.
There are many Americans in Mexico.
No, all of us here are under stress.
Maybe one day you will realise that you miss me.
He has no clue.
My mother thinks that everything is a question of money.
I do not have a mother tongue.
I have begun a new diet.
I want to see my parents.
Mr. Bernardo is a nice colleague, in comparison to Mr. Citrono.
"Cows give us milk, and chickens give us eggs." "Actually, neither cows nor chickens give us anything. We take it without their consent."
You're watching.
The waiter will serve a soup.
"All men must die." "All men must serve."
Not today.
I will take what is mine.
The night is dark and full of terrors.
Give me your name and surname now
I would like a trial by combat.
What do we say to death?
She received international acclaim for her research.
There's enough for beginners there, certainly.
I am able to do that now
stuck in your mind again
light it up
Learn to code
There's no need to send me letters. I can't read them, anyway.
You don't need to send me letters. In any case, I can't read them.
I could not care less.
Tom and Mary went to Boston with their children last weekend.
Coding is taught in our school.
I can't think of a good username.
I can't think of a good example.
What is your favourite street food?
He wrote a book just by using his imagination.
My job is washing dishes.
Leather shoes cost much more.
We were with your mother.
There is a big difference between a clear sky and a rainy sky.
My dog is my family.
He always loans me money.
He is a lazy man, spending the whole day without lifting a finger.
was the oldest of the victims and was the youngest.
Like always, the truth will triumph.
I need to be there before seven.
She sternly accuses me.
How far away is the train stopping?
I think that this is all quite absurd.
I live in a dormitory.
Your explanation is very good.
What type of food do you like?
You are scared.
Tomorrow there will be a big snowfall.
This island is in the south of Japan.
Who does this dictionary belong to?
I need them here.
You weren't thirsty.
I am ill.
The cat is very kind.
How many mushrooms do you want? A fertile terrain can grow an abundance of them.
You don't ski.
He is going to yell.
I liked that wine.
They will wash your apples.
Today, we have to work until 7p.m.
Do you have a house of your own?
He is a member of the football club.
You don't know anything about Istanbul.
Everything has an end, including life.
He is going to accompany you to the hospital.
Does the plane go to Geneva?
The cat is playing with a live mice.
My team has won many medals.
He is older than Tom.
You speak pretty good French.
To speak a language fluently, it is necessary to go to the country from which the language comes.
As we approach autumn, the nights get longer.
I was resistant.
You are the most beautiful flower of my life.
They are eating and drinking while chatting.
Is the milk cold, or still hot?
He's an extraordinary person.
What Tom did isn't wrong.
What Tom said yesterday isn't true.
What Tom is saying doesn't make sense.
What Tom said may well be true.
What Tom says is very important.
What Tom says is false.
By the time Tom got home, we were already eating dinner.
What Tom said about Boston is true.
I want to be an excellent teacher.
Only time can help you.
We've planted the garden.
Don't touch the exhibits.
Please don't speak so loudly.
Don't look out of the window.
Don't look out the window.
See you next weekend.
We entered the room after Tom.
We presented a watch to Tom.
You don't need to speak so loudly. I can hear you.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be the ones responsible.
There are thirty of us in all.
We'd better sit down here.
We did the sights of Boston.
We enjoyed watching the circus parade.
We meet sometimes in the park.
My grandfather is getting pretty old.
My father is younger than my mother.
We sometimes meet in the park.
We're anxious about your health.
My hobby is writing songs.
Have you heard that Tom and Mary have separated?
It's not just Tom and Mary who have made mistakes.
Tom has a son, who has just turned three.
Who's the lady waiting at the door?
If you're not busy next weekend, why don't you come fishing with me?
I wasn't yet married at that time.
I'm not ready to be in a serious relationship again.
We've already won this battle.
Could you drive me to the station?
I've lost one of my folders.
You weren't scared, were you?
I've already waited nearly half an hour.
I've already waited for almost half an hour.
Do you have any friends who are doctors?
I passed all my exams.
Our restaurant doesn't get many customers on Monday.
I've begun a new diet.
Leather shoes cost a lot more.
Leather shoes cost a lot.
I need to be there before 2:30.
Your explanation was very easy to understand.
How many mushrooms do you want?
You don't ski very well, do you?
Don't let your children play with matches.
Life and experience must instruct and demonstrate what is suitable or not on a daily basis. Decisions and laws made from the top down usually fail because they don't line up with reality.
Saying that Esperanto is easy to learn is a very serious mistake. I say it's harder than any other language.
Hitler's success and current strength lie mainly in the fact that his opponents' ideologies generally don't differ very much from his.
We left without telling anybody we were leaving.
We've refused.
We were surprised by the news.
Aha, so this is Mrs. Evans!
We look to Tom for help.
Mrs. Sklodowska was a woman.
What a clever boy Tom is!
You are Tunisian.
He is Tunisian.
They are Tunisians.
She is Tunisian.
We are Tunisians.
We visited Boston the next day.
We walked for about three kilometers.
We gather together every Monday.
We get together every Monday.
Pleased to meet you Tom
My country
When do you get up in the holidays?
You were spoilt
When do studies finish
Live as you want since you will die, love who you want because you are different, and do as you please because you will bear the fruits of your actions.
You are Moroccan.
They are Moroccans.
She is Moroccan.
We are Moroccans.
He is Moroccan.
I am Moroccan.
Are you listening to what I am saying?
If you can lend me some money, I would be very grateful.
He has a lot of money, but he is not happy.
Learning new information can make people happy.
Many people attended his concert.
It's a homophobic remark.
I have honey thighs.
Ankle, ankle, where are you?
Tom looks as though he's just stepped out of the pages of GQ magazine.
Tom looks as though he's just stepped out of the cover of GQ magazine.
Tom looks as though he's just stepped out of GQ magazine.
Tom was dressed as though he had just stepped out of GQ magazine.
You look like you stepped off the cover of GQ magazine.
You look like you stepped out of GQ magazine.
Mary hugged the flowers close to her chest.
Mary held the flowers close to her chest.
Tom changed into something more comfortable.
Mary changed into something more comfortable.
Do you feel like watching a movie?
I don't feel like watching a movie.
Drinking will kill you.
You don't look bad yourself.
Do the police have any leads?
Tom has a broad chest.
This work is in the public domain in the United States.
This sentence is a mere slap on the wrist.
This sentence is nothing more than a slap on the wrist.
Love and desire are two different things; not everything that is loved is wanted, nor is everything that is wanted loved.
What a beautiful sunrise!
I'll take it, if you don't object.
A continuous stream of people were walking.
That is a pack of lies.
I don't like your movie. It's just people punching each other in the face.
Mayonnaise is pure chemistry.
A wedding is an endless headache.
The streets are deserted.
I love everything that's beautiful.
I like drawing.
Nobody has seen God.
Excuse me. Do you have to wait?
His English is very fluent!
Sorry, I just wanted to drive you away.
She is rich, but unfortunate.
I live in my uncle's house.
People must use foxes to catch foxes.
This work is not suited to young girls.
The radio didn't mention the incident.
It is not very spicy.
The colours of the napkins are the same, but the sizes are not.
Tom is your little brother.
I would like to wait another half an hour.
I will try again, thank you.
It is not snowing.
Without his help, I will fail.
War is accompanied by poverty and misery.
She accompanies me on every trip.
He is used to talking back.
Today, nobody can imagine a life without a TV.
Have I offended him?
I know his real name, and where he lives.
The best thing in the world is freedom of speech.
It is very hot this morning!
Rong Rong's mother doesn't seem to be a good mother.
My mother never punishes me.
I am never idle on a Sunday.
I am not at home tomorrow.
My siblings slept in the garden.
Go to the history department or education department.
You can help me make some rules for everyone to follow.
What do you want to do in university?
They have already reached the goal.
Today's meeting is very important.
The family members eat dinner together.
There will be times where everyone makes mistakes.
Out of everyone there, I spoke the least.
I think this news should be noticed by everyone.
How many toilets does your building have?
It is very hot in here.
She has become a postwoman.
Today, I am working from home.
I will not welcome you.
Mice reproduce quickly.
Believe me, I know more about it!
He had the habit of always telling the truth.
It was this morning that they went to see Mr. Carter.
You accused the people wrongly.
She put off responding to me.
You don't need to tell me. I get it.
Also, I am going to New Zealand to study.
You must know how to master your language, your sex, and your heart.
Without a doubt, I too reacted badly.
I am unique.
Do you want to be beautiful?
I fell down outside.
I am not picking their fruit for them.
I like reading sci-fi literature.
The conflict between Israel and Syria has intensified.
He doesn't drink alcohol.
I analysed the results.
This painting should bring a lot of money at auction.
How is that going?
Thanks, sorry for being late.
I am afraid that I have lost it.
Tom asked himself why his wife left him.
How I am is infinitely more important than what I have.
The video camera is essential for me.
The vase was half full.
She has a phobia of dogs.
María's grandmother is already years old.
My favourite Spanish dish is paella.
She has uterine cancer.
He wasn't crying, but his eyes were cloudy.
His weapons are rusty.
Aluminium is insoluble in water.
It is natural to be proud of your child.
I don't like eating apples.
Juan is going to vote for the first time.
Have you kissed her?
The prices of tomatoes are very irregular throughout the year.
María didn't know what to say.
I have told you it.
I am happy to hear that.
He has lost two fingers on his left hand.
My home is on the fourth floor.
I am Tom. Could I speak with Anna?
Yes, yes, I am going with you.
It was the first time I had gone abroad.
Dogs think they are people and cats believe they are gods.
Children really do grow quickly.
They are all studients.
They're all studients.
Tom is a guitar virtuoso.
Tom is a virtuoso on the guitar.
I'm not yet ready to be in a serious relationship again.
I'm not yet ready to be in a serious relationship.
Have you seen Tom's new apartment?
I'd rather stay at home than go to the movies.
I'd very much like to go.
I wouldn't object if you wanted to do that.
I'm fixing the radio that I found on my way home.
It happened three days after I got back from Boston.
The girls stared at each other.
The boys stared at each other.
The bus leaves every thirty minutes.
That dress looks very good on you.
This dish is too spicy.
It feels like my mouth is on fire.
It must've been very difficult for you to do that.
Playing tennis made me forget about my problems.
I'm just joking, Tom.
Tom flipped through the photographs.
Get on the stretcher.
Tom was carried out on a stretcher.
Tom was taken out on a stretcher.
Tom had to be carried out on a stretcher.
An ambulance arrived minutes later.
Tom was carried off the field on a stretcher.
Tom was carried off the ice on a stretcher.
The football player faked an injury.
The soccer player faked an injury.
We need medevac.
We need medevac now.
Don't be daft.
We need a medevac.
Tom was faking.
Mary was faking.
Were you faking?
Tom took an instant dislike to me.
Were you faking it?
Tom twisted in pain as he held his knee close to his chest.
You're good at faking.
The referee kicked Tom out of the game.
The referee kicked the player out of the game.
The paramedics lifted Tom onto the stretcher.
Tom was not faking.
It seems that something's wrong with my computer.
I think I've met you somewhere before.
It seems that Tom actually thinks he can do that.
I'm not falling for that one.
I'm not falling for that one twice.
I'm not falling for that one again.
It seems something's wrong with my computer.
I was about to call you.
Tom and Mary went camping together.
It seems that you're not having a good time here.
It seems that you aren't having a good time here.
It seems to me that something's wrong.
It'll take me a long time to clean up this mess.
It'll take us a long time to clean up this mess.
It'll take a long time to clean up this mess.
It'll take a long time to clean this mess up.
It'll take us a long time to clean this mess up.
It'll take me a long time to clean this mess up.
Tom and Mary did a puzzle together.
This is a fun activity.
This is a fun activity for children.
This is a fun activity for the whole family.
Tom and Mary went on a road trip together.
Gardening is a fun activity.
Tom and Mary cooked together.
Tom and Mary went rock climbing together.
Tom and Mary went canoeing together.
Tom and Mary travelled together.
Tom and Mary travelled together around the world.
Tom and Mary travelled together around the world on a sailboat.
Tom and Mary sailed around the world together.
It was a hundred dollar bill.
It took me three hours to finish doing that.
It took Tom all afternoon to do that.
This is my favorite painting.
This is my favourite painting.
That's my favorite painting.
It seems to me that you're wrong.
It took us three years to build this house.
I just want to get to know you better.
I just wanted to get to know you better.
It was dark when I got to the hotel.
It was stupid of you to do that.
It was a very good experience for Tom.
It was childish of Tom to do that.
It was hot so I took my coat off.
It was hot so I took off my coat.
I took off my coat because it was hot.
I took my coat off because it was hot.
It's been nice talking to you, but I really have to go now.
It won't be long before you can do that by yourself.
It was to a mistake to do that.
It'll take a week or so to read this book.
It would be better for you to stay away from Tom.
It's better for you not to do that.
One of my uncles lives in Boston.
My brother bought a used car, so it wasn't very expensive.
Please call me if you want me.
Please return the book when you've finished reading it.
We went sightseeing in Boston.
We employed Tom as an assistant.
We need to take all possible precautions.
We might've misunderstood Tom.
We regard Tom as our hero.
One of the shareholders of Commercial Bank of Maldives, Champa Hussain Afeef, has stated that he started a new bank to increase competition and reduce interest rates in the market.
We shouldn't have followed Tom's advice.
We made statues out of clay.
The bus ride was three hours.
We reached Boston at midnight.
We got to Boston at midnight.
We eat out once a week.
We're leaving for Australia tonight.
We criticized Tom for his behavior.
We named the dog Cookie.
We're apt to make mistakes.
We've been watching your negotiations.
We went from Boston to Chicago by car.
We learned how to do that last year.
We can count on Tom for financial help.
We admire Tom for his bravery.
We can't make a change in our schedule.
We don't have snow here.
We didn't get your letter until yesterday.
We drove to Boston last Monday.
You don't have to do it now.
You don't have to take your umbrella with you.
We have a parking lot for customers.
We've had lots of typhoons this fall.
We don't have much money available for the research.
We've given careful thought to both alternatives.
We've made numerous improvements to our house since we bought it.
We've left undone what should've been done.
We've considered your proposal, and we've decided that we aren't able to reduce the price.
We expect that Tom will help us.
We got into the house through the window.
We had to pay an additional ten thousand yen.
We haven't heard from Tom since last year.
We haven't yet discussed which method is better.
We made fun of Tom about this.
Tom wanted to sell his car, but he couldn't find a buyer.
Tom tried to sell his car, but no one would buy it.
Tom tried to sell his car, but nobody would buy it.
Because we are anational, we promote a neutral language.
We are anational people, or at least internationalists, and certainly anti-capitalists, international language supporters and Esperantists.
Because we believe that the Esperanto movement is currently the most suitable force for quickly bringing triumph to the idea of a universal language, we promote Esperanto.
I think knowing Esperanto is very helpful with learning French.
He lives in Ukraine.
She lives in Ukraine.
We live in Ukraine.
I live in Ukraine.
They live in Ukraine.
Sami lives in Lebanon.
I live in Egypt.
Ahmed lives in Egypt.
Sami lives in Syria.
Lina lives in Oman.
Ahmed lives in Oman.
Layla lives in Yemen.
Sami lives in Yemen.
Do you guys live in Norway?
Do you live in Norway, Tiziri?
Do you live in Norway, Yidir?
We live in Norway.
Tilelli and Tiziri live in Norway.
Yidir and Tiziri live in Norway.
Tiziri lives in Norway.
She lives in Norway.
Yidir lives in Norway.
I live in Norway.
I live in Ghardaïa, Algeria.
Masnsen lives in Khenchela, Algeria.
Aksil and Yidir live in Batna, Algeria.
Tilelli and Tiziri live in Bouira, Algeria.
Yidir and Tiziri live in Bejaia, Algeria.
Tiziri lives in Boumerdes, Algeria.
Yidir lives in Tizi Ouzou, Algeria.
Do you live in Morocco, Tiziri?
Do you live in Morocco, Yidir?
Tilelli and Tiziri live in Morocco.
They live in Morocco.
We live in Morocco.
Tiziri lives in Morocco.
Yidir lives in Morocco.
I live in Morocco.
They live in the United Kingdom.
We live in the United Kingdom.
Tiziri lives in the United Kingdom.
She lives in the United Kingdom.
Yidir lives in the United Kingdom.
He lives in the United Kingdom.
I live in the United Kingdom.
Do you live in Germany, Tiziri?
Do you live in Germany, Yidir?
Do you live in the United States, Tiziri?
Do you live in the United States, Yidir?
They live in the United States.
She lives in the United States.
He lives in the United States.
Do you live in Germany?
They live in Germany.
We live in Germany.
She lives in Germany.
He lives in Germany.
I live in Germany.
For us it is a necessary tool to reach our ideal.
Esperanto isn't the goal of our activism but merely a means of achieving our goal.
If shady merchants, professional soldiers, gendarmes, judges and executioners learn and use Esperanto, that doesn't mean our ideal will soon be realized.
Let's make this crystal clear.
She's an art history specialist.
He's an art history specialist.
This is easy to prepare.
I always have the same schedule.
The goulash is very good in Budapest.
Look for it.
Look for her.
Look for him.
Did you just get back?
Did you just arrive?
We keep making the same mistakes.
Clothes lay strewn about the floor.
Clothing lay strewn on the floor.
Clothes lay strewn across the floor.
Clothes lay strewn all over the floor.
Dirty clothes lay strewn about the floor.
Tom gathered his dirty clothes and put them into the laundry basket.
Tom gathered his dirty clothes and put them into the hamper.
Mary folded the clothes and put them into the laundry basket.
There was a heavy coat of dust on the table.
There was a thick coat of dust on the table.
Make sure that the first coat is dry before applying the second coat.
Make sure that the first coat of paint is dry before applying the second coat.
The bathroom was sparkling clean.
The bathroom was not very clean.
When was the last time you cleaned your apartment?
Go clean your room!
It will be easier if I just do it myself.
His friendship was only a facade.
Mary used origami to fold the napkins.
Tom and Mary's home is cluttered.
My friend died last week.
Do you all understand the difference between germs and viruses?
You never worry.
She never worries.
Don't make me get the belt.
The down of young penguins is still poor at keeping them warm.
People are very bad at understanding probability.
We underestimate complex threats, like climate change.
Too much information can confuse our brains.
People are very bad at understanding probabilities.
People are very bad at understanding statistics.
Mary thought to herself that he was cute.
Tom thought to himself that she was cute.
Pi Day is celebrated on March 14th.
We missed you at the party last night.
We have to finish our homework first.
We have to finish everything before Tuesday morning.
We have to hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time.
A friend of mine died last week.
One of my friends died last week.
It'll be easier if I just do it myself.
The bathroom wasn't very clean.
The bathroom isn't very clean.
We didn't need to eat breakfast so early.
We shouldn't have eaten breakfast so early.
We opposed the plan to build a new road.
We weren't prepared for the assault.
I'm invincible.
Tom said that he was invincible.
Our team is invincible.
Children think they're invincible.
Kids think they're invincible.
Tom never worries about anything.
We shouldn't resort to violence.
We'll discuss the problem with them.
We'll someday make the world a better place.
We'd like you to join our company.
We'd love to work with you.
I know it'll be hard, but you can handle it.
Never worry.
You'd better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
You'd better take an umbrella with you today.
You'd better go and speak to Tom in person.
You should go and speak to Tom in person.
You ought to go and speak to Tom in person.
You'd better wait until the police come.
You'd better send for the doctor at once.
You'd better stop smoking.
You'd better have your eyes examined.
You'd better leave at once.
You'd better not go there again.
You should've seen the picture.
You should've seen the movie.
I'm not claiming to be delivering ready-made truths.
An international language cannot be liberatory in itself, but only in the hands of liberators.
After careful examination, it can be seen that the skull was smashed to pieces.
We are in the age of nuclear energy.
I have two cats; a black one and a white one.
Because I left early this morning, I couldn't use my computer, so I used my phone to send messages.
Chinese coastal cities are generally more developed than the inland ones.
We are not her relatives.
I know you can come!
This is a really kind wish.
This is just like his house.
I don't have any time right now.
Alexandre often goes to the supermarket.
This is a type of reprocessed tea.
I don't want red bell peppers, I want green ones.
Hey, what do you like to eat?
He is going to school, carrying a schoolbag on his back.
The butterfly flew away.
His level of Spanish should still be improved.
His behaviour made me feel restless.
There are deep wrinkles on his face.
Horses don't eat cucumber salad.
A flag is a national symbol.
Are you fed up of desserts?
All the oil in the lamp has been used.
This book was written by many people.
The rabbit is known for its long ears.
I went to see my uncle, but he wasn't home.
The table is made of wood.
"Have you been to Brazil?" "I went there two or three times."
A man of honour never steals money.
They both speak fluent Berber.
We speak Berber every day.
She speaks Berber with her grandparents.
He speaks Berber with his parents.
She speaks Berber with her mother-in-law.
He doesn't speak Berber but his parents do.
We are all Berbers here.
How do you say that in Berber?
Is Berber your mother tongue?
I'm not allowed to go outside.
Promise me you'll come?
No one can please everyone.
I asked my dad for Berber classes.
I asked my dad to teach me Berber.
He has twelve children.
He has twelve sons.
Yankev says he's done. Do you buy it?
He pressed his nose against the window.
You have only one flaw.
That is your only flaw.
The fire shot out sparks.
The fire threw off sparks.
A spark caused the gunpowder to explode.
A spark led the gunpowder to explode.
He set out on a long journey.
Tom studied in Rome.
Next year he will be six years old.
My wife died.
Paul went back with his father.
Tom left Rome, the city he had lived in since he was a boy.
Tom got up at dawn.
Life well spent is long.
There is a big run in your stockings.
Your pantyhose has a run in it.
Wet dogs smell worse than dry ones.
At first I thought you really loved me.
We talked about everything and nothing.
I'll get to work.
The door is now open.
Revenge is sweeter than honey.
He said he would prove he didn't do it.
Two detectives pursued the suspect.
You conjugated verbs.
I've just come from a meeting with the boss. The conversation was disappointing as hell.
Who is the better hunter?
When you're in trouble, you can count on me.
You can swim much better than Tom.
You can't blame Tom for the accident.
This book was written by two people.
You have a run in your stocking.
Promise me you'll come.
Most rabbits have long ears.
Not all rabbits have long ears.
There's something that I want to tell you.
I wake up at 8:00.
I wake up at eight o'clock.
The butcher knife is in the drawer.
Oranges aren't vegetables.
There's a lot of dust in the attic.
Everyone thinks they're above average.
We expect Tom will help us.
Tom pressed his nose against the window.
What I want is a new computer.
You played tennis yesterday, didn't you?
Strictly speaking, you're wrong.
See you at about 2:30.
Choose anything you like.
What you're saying is absolutely wrong.
You're a bad boy.
I had to come yesterday.
You know who that guy is, don't you?
That's a beautiful butterfly.
You're exaggerating the problem.
Tom might have just forgotten.
Tom might've just forgotten.
I thought that you might've just forgotten.
I thought you might've just forgotten.
You have a lot of money and I don't have any.
You don't have to listen to what Tom says.
You've changed since I saw you last year.
You only have to answer the first question.
You've missed an important clue.
You have to do it even if you don't want to.
They can tell her not to worry.
You must talk to Tom in person.
You should talk to Tom in person.
You need to talk to Tom in person.
You ought to talk to Tom in person.
You need to encourage Tom to try again.
You should try to encourage Tom to do that again.
Don't enter this room without permission.
You need to talk to Tom about that.
You ought to talk to Tom about that.
You should talk to Tom about that.
You shouldn't have stayed up so late.
I haven't been able to find a job so far.
I dreamt I was a cat trying to tell humans something, but they didn't understand me.
This television show - Melodifestivalen - selects the song that will represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest.
No one with a happy heart is ever corrupted.
A person with a happy heart is never corrupted.
Don't go further; there may be land mines there.
In the life of a couple it is very important to have a spirit of mutual tolerance.
It's difficult to explain in a message.
Her friends prepared a big surprise for her while she wasn't at home.
The storks' nest was empty, but apples still hung from the wild apple tree, although the leaves had already fallen.
It's great that you've come to help us.
Beethoven's instrumental music invites us to contemplate a landscape gigantic beyond measure.
My sister adored, and at the same time feared, my father.
The car made a sharp turn.
Carl doesn't know if he could adopt sentences in Esperanto, since Esperanto isn't his native language.
There's no place except here. There's no moment except now. Time and space are mere illusions of precarious human senses.
The experiment was repeated in a distant place with very similar results.
Life is uninterrupted change.
They won't be disappointed.
My house is on the hill.
He uses a screwdriver.
I iron my clothes.
Abusive people often use emotional blackmail to get what they want.
Tom uses emotional blackmail to control people.
A member of the neighborhood watch shot and killed an innocent person of color last night.
Tom believes that Yankev conspires against him every night with Beyle and Borekh.
Beyle experienced a sort of second childhood after she got free of Yankev, or perhaps the first childhood she never had.
Yankev threatened to knock the daylights out of Borekh if he came by his shop again.
Yankev tends to pace up and down when he talks.
Tom is such a fair-weather friend.
Could you show me how to personalize my desktop?
I had no idea you were going to personalize the autograph.
I think it would be difficult to personalize every wedding invitation.
I don't think it's possible to personalize every invitation.
It's Yankev and Beyle's silver anniversary tonight.
Alice and Mary are residents at a teaching hospital.
The crew will remain in suspended animation throughout their journey to the Andromeda Galaxy.
Beyle works at an employment agency.
The Prime Minister's Brexit deal is dead in the water.
Today's apples are particularly sweet.
You are happy, and we are also happy.
Have you bought a cantaloupe?
How much money do you donate every year?
Deep down, everyone is rich and beautiful, but we don't know how to express it!
My brother used to live in New York.
Can we still save the world, or is it too late?
The glass from a round table has been smashed.
She is going on the 25th.
Come and enjoy the sunlight.
Many people go abroad during summer vacation.
I don't like wearing socks.
Do you work at the hospital?
I speak with him every day.
She wants to drink red wine every day.
How many Chinese characters can you write now?
People from Shanghai speak Shanghainese; they can also speak Mandarin.
My mother is French.
Yes, I am Xiaoyu. Who are you?
I didn't finish my homework today, either.
It is better to teach someone how to fish than to give someone a fish.
How long can it be kept going with dollars?
The cows need to be milked twice a day.
Keep your skills sharp.
This made no sense to Tom.
Knowledge gets rusty if you don't use it.
Your skills will get rusty if you don't use them.
The man appeared to be unresponsive.
Tom appeared to be unresponsive.
The news came as a huge shock.
Relax and breathe slowly.
Exhale slowly.
The news came as a huge shock to Tom.
The news didn't come as a huge shock to Tom.
The news didn't come as a huge shock.
This will help to raise awareness around this issue.
Are you sure you want to go to Boston?
Can Tom play the guitar?
Aren't they Canadians?
Did you buy a cantaloupe?
We made Tom chairman.
We should've taken Tom's advice.
We couldn't overtake Tom.
We're sure of Tom's honesty.
What sphinx of cement and aluminum bashed open their skulls and ate up their brains and imagination?
They broke their backs lifting Moloch to Heaven!
Moloch! Moloch! Nightmare of Moloch! Moloch the loveless! Mental Moloch! Moloch the heavy judger of men!
It's hard for me to make out your handwriting.
Can you also count in French?
Can you express yourself in French?
Don't tell Tom what we plan to do next week.
You haven't told Tom what we have planned for next week, have you?
Can you lend me three hundred dollars?
I'm pretty hungry right now.
Tom was number one.
I'm not scared of policemen.
I'm going to Tom's on October 20th.
I'm not interested in music.
Tom and Mary were offended.
I'm not disappointed at all.
Tom is the one in charge, isn't he?
I'm more than just a singer.
Can you guess what Tom will do?
I wish you'd told me the truth then.
I am not a handyman.
I want orange juice.
Sorry, could I use the toilet?
Tomorrow, I will be able to rest.
Can your brother drive?
What is the situation like?
When I came here, I didn't know anyone.
The prize is wrapped with paper.
You know that I don't want to offend you.
Fortunately, my wound is clearing up quickly.
Loving and being loved are the most joyful things in the world.
Can you give me a kilo of steak?
Did he go home?
If you have free time tomorrow, we could eat lunch together.
Her grade in English was very good.
Coffee vending machines are bad.
My uncle is playing the guitar.
The computer means making the form is easy.
The calf has disappeared, but there is still a cow.
Everybody is protesting!
What is the date tomorrow?
He needs to examine the semen.
How many residents live within this city?
She fortunately knows his address.
Do you want all or half of it?
What do you want to do for work?
Mum speaks to me too quickly.
I am very talented at maths.
What types of films do you like?
I am coming three times this week.
Today time is going slowly.
Dexter is eating Tosilog in the kitchen.
Do you want to have dinner with me tomorrow, at my house?
He refused our offer of help.
You believe in Tom.
Do you like songs?
This cake is delicious. Please have some.
Thank you for coming to the interview.
I am eating breadsticks.
Could I ask for some advice from you?
I am writing a message to Tom.
I also feel nothing.
I am not having a washing machine again.
There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is Allah's messenger.
Who is the owner of this ship?
He became sick over the weekend.
Eat here with me.
Mayolica is pottery from Spain and Italy.
That octopus is carrying a coconut shell.
God gives, and God takes away.
Mother, I want to get married too.
It seems that there is also nobody at home.
I was surprised when I saw her red hair.
Running water is clean water.
It is not mine.
The strong wind just damaged a tree in the garden.
He has a child; his name is John.
Tom was drunk, and said things he wasn't allowed to say.
Thai is the language of Thailand.
We are going to be working in Osaka next year.
People have chopped down some trees - not all of them - by the side of the road.
He is sleeping with two pillows.
Unfortunately, they are very poorly educated people.
He phoned me an hour ago.
No other dogs are as fat as this one.
Something was wrong with the clock.
There are many French people who live in London.
It is alright, you don't need to see me off.
She has already visited the USA.
Today, I went to the market to buy two melons.
I don't know if it is really worth it.
With a smile, anything is possible.
He washed his face with water and soap.
You like looking through the window.
Are you here often?
He was very affected by the death of his cat.
Jean looked at my tulips.
Can you help me pack my suitcase?
I will finish this work in a month.
They didn't bleed from the nose.
Tom made a veiled threat.
Tom peeled the mango.
Tom had a meltdown.
Mary had a meltdown.
Mary had a complete meltdown.
Tom had a meltdown on Twitter.
Tom played pin the tail on the donkey.
Tom tried to pin the tail on the donkey.
Tom struck the pinata.
A MAX crashed in Ethiopia.
Tom rushed into the bathroom to vomit.
Tom's house is powered by solar panels.
Tom's house is powered by solar panels on the roof.
Electric vehicles are quieter and cleaner.
Some people may think it's unusual, but I love my little "ratties".
Many people with pet rats refer to them as "ratties" instead of "rats".
Tom took his dogs for a walk.
The boy helped the girl.
The girl helped the boy.
Tom is a sailor.
Tom has a white-collar job.
Tom has a blue-collar job.
Tom is an anaesthesiologist.
Tom is a columnist.
Tom didn't come to school today.
Don't you remember your promise?
Her sister also sings very beautifully.
I recognised them in France.
You really are Tom.
I like eating fruit.
This time I will not come back.
He travels across the sea.
She is at work.
I saw him instead of his father.
Did you enjoy the film you saw?
I am reading very slowly.
His body is too thin.
Many people study Japanese so they can read manga.
How many days have you been in pain? Since when have you had the stomach illness?
Being a rich man does not mean that he is happy.
My mother bought some apples at the fruit shop.
He completely destroyed the image of the country.
It has four legs, it is made of wood and it lives in the kitchen.
He grabbed a handful of rice.
I knew she didn't love it.
In this classroom, it seems that there is no one as tall as Bill.
I want to go to see a doctor.
I can't speak English fluently.
He lost control.
What is in the living room?
Today is the 25th July.
Can you re-do it for me?
Thanks for arriving.
How do you write this character?
Despite the fact that he has only just started learning Chinese, he already knows lots of characters.
I especially like the flavour of the mushroom.
This is my Spanish student ID card.
She visited the house several times.
I still don't know what that is.
Close, but no cigar.
Enjoying my breakfast in these unusual surroundings, I took a look at my neighbors.
Painted flowers have no scent.
The man murdered his wife and her lover.
He sold the most beautiful pieces in his collection.
They didn't believe Mary.
He's sold the most beautiful pieces in his collection.
The man has murdered his wife and her lover.
There are no hard or easy languages, only beautiful ones.
How did that get into your head?
That much is obvious, that you don't live here.
It's obvious you don't live here.
You're going into the city.
People have got to put plastic and glass bottles in the proper containers.
We must put plastic and glass bottles in the proper containers.
The boy thanked the girl.
It's obvious that you don't live here.
Could you recommend a place to stay in Boston?
Can you save enough money for a down payment?
Could you spell your name for me, please?
Did Tom pass the test?
Did Tom pass the exam?
Don't eat too much cake.
Here's my album.
She is said to be a good cook.
Supposedly, she's a good cook.
Please help yourself to some apple pie.
Please help yourself to anything in the refrigerator.
If I had the money, I'd buy a new house.
I'd buy a new house if I had the money.
I'd buy a house if I had the money.
I'd buy a house if I had enough money.
He whispered something in his ear.
Please come if you can.
Have another slice of pizza if you want.
Have another piece of pizza if you want.
What Tom said really hurt me.
When it rains, Tom takes the bus.
Do you have any free time?
Just a moment. There's someone at the door.
I had to do that for three years.
You're a tennis player, aren't you?
You have three cars, don't you?
You're Tom's daughters, aren't you?
He told me he came here yesterday.
You're to blame.
I think you missed the point.
Do you have a book to read on the airplane?
You should leave at once.
Did you go to the zoo yesterday?
Did you have a good time on your trip to Boston?
Did you recognize Tom at first?
They have no idea how uncomfortable these shoes are.
Alice and Mary are attending physicians at a teaching hospital.
He ruined our time.
We went to Vegas and we had the time of our lives.
We are going to go to the airport.
China is a superpower.
China has become a superpower.
China is the factory of the world.
We talk a lot about China.
China is a huge global player.
China is a powerful country.
How powerful is China?
China is the second most important global power.
China isn't actually that powerful.
China's power is growing at an incredibly fast rate.
China has a lot of natural resources.
Angola is an African country.
Luanda is the capital city of Angola.
Angola is one of the world's biggest oil exporters.
They should leave at once.
Luxembourg is a very rich nation.
Luxembourg is the smallest country in the European Union.
Luxembourg is an extremely wealthy country.
Luxembourg is a very wealthy nation.
Luxembourg is one of the wealthiest nations in the world.
Singapore is the richest country in Asia.
Singapore is one of the richest countries in Asia.
Singapore was a poor nation.
The demonstrations spread quickly throughout Iran.
Switzerland is one of the wealthiest countries in the world.
Canada is one of the most admired countries in the entire world.
Canada is facing serious economic problems.
Canada is a wonderful country.
Costa Rica is a middle-income country.
Costa Rica is known as the Switzerland of Latin America.
The flowers in the garden need to be watered.
What did you study so much for?
I went to her graduation ceremony.
I went to his graduation ceremony.
Were they the ones who were riding in the back of the car?
The atmosphere was very relaxing.
The environment was very relaxing.
There isn't anyone.
There's no one.
I expect details.
I've asked Tom why he was sad.
Do you really not like me?
Food passes through the throat.
O’Rourke is like the guy who is all sweet and nerdy but holds you down and makes you cum until your calves cramp.
I could imagine that.
Fascia is made of connective tissue.
You're trying to kill me.
Exemplify.
Is he aware of his mistakes?
Why are you dodging the subject?
Don't keep dodging the subject!
Don't keep dodging the subject.
I don't think that at all.
I don't want to lead you on.
I don't want to lead you on, Tom.
Are you going to tell me what's going on between you two?
Tom tried to dodge the subject.
Tom and Mary played dodge ball.
Tom played dodge ball.
It was a sensitive subject.
It's a sensitive subject.
I don't think we should see each other anymore.
There was something different about him.
There was something different about her.
I'm not stupid, you know.
I saw the way you two look at each other.
I see the way you two look at each other.
I didn't want to lead him on.
She didn't want to lead him on.
Mary didn't want to lead Tom on.
Did you speak to Tom about your projects?
Do you believe that there's life after death?
Do Tom and Mary both understand French?
Did you work in Australia?
Did you take Tom home?
Where can I find the American Airlines counter?
We're going to go to the airport.
Mutton is cheap nowadays.
I was the only one who didn't laugh.
I was the only one who didn't eat any dessert.
Everyone but me ate dessert.
I was the only one who didn't eat dessert.
What makes you think that I like you?
Tom has a Rolex.
Tom has a fake Rolex.
Do you have a house in Boston?
Which do you want to drink, tea or coffee?
Can we postpone the meeting until tomorrow?
Tom is a packrat.
Tom has a messy room.
I don't want to give you false hope.
Why don't you and Tom get back together?
Why don't you and Mary get back together?
My personal life is none of your business.
My personal life is none of your business!
I'm sorry if I caused you any trouble.
I'm sorry if I offended you.
Mary broke up with the boy she had been dating.
Tom broke up with the girl he had been dating.
Do you have any family in Boston?
Do you have many friends here in Boston?
I'm sorry if I've caused you any trouble.
Where is the American Airlines counter?
I can't run because I'm very tired.
I haven't finished lunch.
I haven't understood anything.
We haven't yet succeeded.
Plans haven't been finalized.
I haven't been around much.
I haven't finished breakfast yet.
I haven't yet finished breakfast.
I haven't read any of those books.
I haven't read all of those books.
I haven't yet read all of those books.
I haven't read all of those books yet.
I've already read all of those books.
I haven't yet finished my supper.
I haven't finished my supper yet.
We haven't yet begun to fight.
Do you know Tom's number?
Where's the vodka?
I've never killed nor injured anybody.
I've never killed nor injured anyone.
Do you think I'm insane?
Open the door and let the dog in.
This cork won't come out.
That's money down the drain.
I'm accustomed to the climate.
What's the title of the book?
Stamps aren't sold in this store.
This camera isn't loaded with film.
There's a mailbox somewhere along this street.
That's the building where my father works.
You should've seen that movie last night.
Are you suggesting that I'm too young?
Perhaps we'll see each other again tonight.
If you're wrong, then so am I.
You'd better do as the doctor advised you.
I see that I'm surrounded by hostile faces.
I'll help you if you're in trouble.
It's worth your time to read this book.
It'll be worth your time to read this book.
Reading this book will be worth the time.
We shouldn't impose our opinions on other people.
I swear I'll never do such a thing.
I swear that I'll never do such a thing.
We should've made a careful plan in advance.
No one ever came to see me in the hospital.
Do you know Tom's family?
Nobody has come to see me in the hospital.
No one has come to see me in the hospital.
To tell the truth, I'm not your father.
There's a little time before the train departs.
It's a lot of fun to listen to music.
Listening to music is a lot of fun.
Don't waste your time on that pipe dream.
If you don't go, I won't go either.
Nobody has seen them.
Don't cross the road on a red light.
Don't cross the street on a red light.
He had no idea what to do.
Who's the man leaning against the gate?
If you go anywhere, you'd better tell your mother first.
Let's out for a short walk.
The solution to that problem was more difficult than we anticipated.
The solution to that problem was more difficult than expected.
This is the house where my father was born and raised.
No matter what you say, I'm convinced that I'm right.
No matter what you say, I'm convinced I'm right.
To tell the truth, I didn't think that movie was very interesting.
I've done the best I could to help you. The rest is up to you.
Though I've decided to go to the party, I'm not looking forward to it.
In many parts of the world, there's not enough food to meet everyone's needs.
In many parts of the world, there isn't enough food to meet everyone's needs.
The fire that caused the disaster broke out on the second floor of the hospital.
I was wondering if you'd like to go to a movie with me tonight.
Once a bad habit is formed, it's hard to get rid of it.
Do you know why Tom couldn't come?
Would you mind if I made a suggestion?
I was really concerned about Tom.
I'm pretty lonely right now.
I'm pretty scared right now.
Did you talk to Tom about that?
I'm pretty sleepy right now.
Tom is the store manager, isn't he?
Tom asked Mary to ask John.
I'm really not that worried.
Tom's grandfather died last Monday.
I'm still waiting to see it.
Tom went home sick.
I've almost made up my mind.
I've been trying to convince Tom.
I've always been overweight.
You should ask Tom about this.
I'm going to keep this one.
How many hours did Tom do that?
Virtually nobody knows this.
Virtually nobody knows that.
Killing people while they pray is the lowest thing imaginable.
Punch Nazis for world peace.
If you're really the master race then why do you kill people when they're praying?
I felt it was my duty to do it.
Shahada is the Muslim creed.
Islam is the state religion of Afghanistan.
Tajikistan is a Central Asian country.
The Wakhan corridor is part of Afghanistan.
Afghanistan has different kinds of landscapes.
Dari is a dialect of the Persian language.
Kabyle is a dialect of the Berber language.
Kabyle, a dialect of the Berber language, is spoken in northern Algeria.
Kabyle, a dialect of the Berber language, is spoken in Kabylie, a mountainous area in northern Algeria.
Kabyle, a dialect of the Berber language, is spoken in the mountainous area of Kabylie, in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyle is a northern Berber dialect.
Kabyle is a dialect of the Berber language spoken in Algeria.
Kabyle, a northern Berber dialect, is spoken by millions of people in Algeria.
Kabyle, a Berber dialect, is spoken by millions of people in Kabylie, a mountainous area in northeastern Algeria.
Kabyle is a Berber dialect spoken in the mountainous area of Kabylie, in northeastern Algeria.
Islam is the state religion of Algeria.
Islam is the main religion in Algeria.
Islam is my religion.
I grew up in a Muslim family.
My family is Muslim.
There aren't many Muslims in New Zealand.
The vast majority of people in Kosovo are Albanians.
Many Algerians speak Berber.
The Algerian flag is green, white, and red.
Algeria is the largest country in all of Africa.
Algeria is located in the North African region known as the Maghreb.
Algeria is located in North Africa.
Albania is located in Europe.
Algeria has provinces.
Tindouf is part of Algeria.
Kabylie is a mountainous region in northern Algeria.
You can find many date palm groves in southern Algeria.
Algeria has several trans-Saharan roads.
Algeria has about forty million people.
Berbers have occupied North Africa for thousands and thousands of years.
Berbers speak the Berber language.
Berber is prevalent in many regions of Algeria.
Berber is spoken in many oases throughout the Sahara desert.
Berber is even spoken in Mauritania.
Algeria and Morocco are the only North African nations that recognize Berber as an official language.
Algeria gets along with a lot of African countries.
Algeria is a strong supporter of the Sahrawi independence movement.
Algeria has friendly relations with France.
Algeria has excellent relations with China and Russia.
French is a de facto official language in Algeria.
Algeria and France have a relatively good relationship today.
Algeria supports the Sahrawi independence movement.
Algeria is a North African country.
Algeria has built a lot of roads across its desert.
Andorra is a tax haven.
Kabylie is a mainly mountanous region in northeastern Algeria.
Berber is a very interesting language.
Killing people while they pray is the most despicable thing imaginable.
She uses Berber as her third language.
Killing people while they pray is the most vile thing imaginable.
Pretty much everybody loves Algeria.
I visited Algeria last summer.
I'm visiting Algeria this summer.
I don't think Algeria has diplomatic relations with that country.
Algeria has no diplomatic relations with that country.
I don't think Algeria has diplomatic relations whith Kosovo.
I'm so grateful to my parents, who taught me Berber.
He speaks many languages including Berber.
Learning Berber is fun.
He's fluent in Berber.
She loves the Berber language.
She speaks ten languages, including Berber.
Why do you speak Berber?
She makes all of her videos in Berber.
He doesn't even speak Berber.
His parents speak Berber.
He has learned Berber.
She speaks perfect Berber.
Please answer in Berber.
He's speaking Berber, his native language.
Please speak Berber.
He has lived in Kabylie, Algeria, so he also speaks Berber.
I don't speak Berber very well.
Berber is my mother language.
Berber is the main language in my hometown.
I have no problem at all communicating with Berber speakers from Morocco.
I grew up speaking Kabyle, a Berber dialect.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, for the first time in 1990.
I visited Kabylie, Algeria, many times.
I basically do everything in Berber.
I shoot my videos in Berber.
I film my videos in Berber.
I speak in my native Berber.
I even use Berber with my girlfriend who is obviously an Arabic speaker.
I started learning Berber three years ago.
I started learning Berber after I learned French.
Berber isn't that difficult.
If you speak Algerian Arabic, Berber wouldn't be that difficult to learn.
I hear Berber all the time.
I also speak Berber with my mother-in-law.
Berber is the language that I use all the time here in Kabylie, Algeria.
My strongest language is probably Berber.
I lived in Kabylie, Algeria, for two years and I learned Berber there.
I've written a lot of articles in Berber.
We speak Berber all the time here.
My hometown is in Kabylie, Algeria.
She didn't expect me to speak Berber.
They didn't really expect me to speak Berber.
Berber is my third language.
I spent some time in Kabylie, Algeria.
Yidir is from Kabylie, Algeria.
She helped me to learn Berber.
I learned Berber very intensively.
I can understand the news in Berber.
I forgot my Berber.
I will learn Berber.
I learned Berber at school.
Berber is certainly not the language I speak the best.
I speak good Berber.
Berber isn't that different from Algerian Arabic.
My Berber is OK.
I want to write my autobiography in Berber.
I'm satisfied with my level in Berber.
She has always had a kind of love-hate relationship with the Berber language.
She wasn't interested in the Berber language at all.
I need to practise my Berber.
I can watch the news in Berber.
I can read the newspaper in Berber.
No serious North African linguist considers Kabyle as a language on its own. In fact, all serious linguists consider Kabyle as a Berber dialect.
I studied Berber on my own.
I don't think that my Berber is very good.
I can hold simple conversations in Berber.
I watch movies in Berber.
At the moment, I don't think that my Berber is very good.
Guess what this Berber word means.
I studied Berber three years ago.
I just speak Berber.
We started speaking Berber.
We need to have more conversations in Berber.
She considers Berber as a difficult language.
She shoots her videos in Berber.
She can speak Berber.
Learn Berber.
She tried to learn Berber.
She found it extremely difficult to learn Berber.
Berber is the language that I'm learning now.
I only started learning Berber this week.
I have never spoken Berber.
Berber and Algerian Arabic have many similarities.
Berber is an Afroasiatic language.
She speaks Berber fluently.
I learned Berber when I was in fourth grade.
Let's talk about Kabylie.
I have started learning Berber a few weeks ago.
Kabylie, Algeria, is a very beautiful region.
Algeria went through a civil war in the 1990's.
The official languages of Algeria are Arabic and Berber.
Algeria has huge ties to Russia.
China is investing billions of dollars in Algeria.
Algeria considers China as one of its best friends.
Algeria shares linguistic similarities with Morocco.
Algeria is still changing.
Algeria is our country.
We all love Algeria.
Separatists are not welcome in Algeria.
Separatists and hatemongers are not welcome in Algeria.
Separatists, terrorists, and other hatemongers are not welcome in Algeria and much less in Kabylie.
The Berber cultural movement promotes the unity of the Berber language and culture.
Our war against racist anti-Berber hatemongers and their separatist allies will never stop.
The separatists are the traitors of the Berber cultural movement and the new enemies of Berber cultural and linguistic unity.
Algeria has beautiful pristine beaches.
Algeria is the first North African country I have ever visited.
Let's talk about the Berber language.
In Kabylie, the Djurdjura mountain range is a land barrier between Tizi-Ouzou and Bejaia.
Algiers, where the capital city is located, is the smallest province in all of Algeria.
You can find many nices beaches in Kabylie, Algeria.
Algeria was colonized by France.
Algeria is rich in many minerals.
Let's talk about Algerias demographics.
She wanted to rebuild her life in Kabylie, Algeria.
They are fluent in Berber.
They speak Berber as a main language.
Algeria has gone through a lot of crazy times.
I live in Algiers.
Welcome to Algeria.
Kabylie is a part of Algeria.
Algeria is an independent nation.
Pray for New Zealand.
Game of Thrones is my favorite series.
Is Game of Thrones available on Netflix?
Killing people while they pray is the most contemptible thing imaginable.
We will never stop defending the Berber language.
We are proud of our Berber language.
Because monocultural societies do not exist in reality, ethnostates are inherently oppressive.
I'm going to make soup.
When we get home we can talk about it.
How long ago was that tragedy?
The earth is shaped like a ball.
I don't think there's anyone.
Do you know a way to download Youtube videos?
He slept.
I urinated.
Hurry.
We will come.
I speak.
Move.
Tindouf totally belongs to Algeria.
Djanet belongs to Algeria.
Berbers use the Tifinagh alphabet.
Some say that the Berber Tifinagh alphabet was derived from the Phoenician alphabet.
Salem Chaker, a specialist of the Berber language, claims that the Tifinagh alphabet was derived from the Phoenician alphabet.
No one can erase the Berber language from North Africa.
No one can deny the existence of the Berber language. Not even the separatists.
No one can deny the unity of the Berber language.
No one can question the unity of the Berber language.
No one can question the profound structural unity of the Berber language.
Compared to Salem Chaker, a renowned linguisit and staunch believer in the unity of the Berber language, those so-called linguists who claim that Kabyle, a Berber dialect, is a language on its own, are simple elementary schoolkids who don't even know the Kabyle variant spoken in the village next to theirs.
The separatists need propaganda based on lies and pseudo-science to build themselves a so-called separate identity in the name of which they would claim the independence of our region from the rest of our nation.
Turkey is probably Azerbaijan's best friend.
Algeria is a Muslim-majority country.
Iran is a shia-Muslim majority country.
Algeria has very few islands.
Ask if you are able to do something together.
I purchased a house in Kabylie, Algeria.
Kabylie, Algeria, attracts many tourists in the summer.
I visit Kabylie, Algeria, every summer.
Let's talk about Algeria.
Let's talk about what's currently happening in Algeria.
Everyone is talking about Algeria.
Algeria has no overseas territories.
I spend my holidays in Kabylie, Algeria.
Esperanto is a language of friendship.
Tom was killed in a terror bombing.
Sami was killed in a mosque shooting.
Goodbye for now.
His company was set up in 2005.
I don't think that it is possible to generalise a whole nation, and say how all Japanese people are.
After Tom lost his job, he started to gamble to cope with his depression.
The plane disappeared into the forest.
I have no problem with my boss.
If I buy more, can I get them cheaper?
The train should be on time.
This book talks about Chinese history.
I want that, in addition to your work, for there to be other sources of fun in your life.
She still went to work even after getting pregnant.
His uncle likes hunting.
No. I apologise, but I need to leave a bit early.
Today is a good day for taking a walk on the beach.
The world is developing too quickly.
People like him because he is friendly.
These five books belong to my classmate.
It is too noisy around here; I can't concentrate.
I don't think this is correct.
I don't like going out to have fun. Usually, I make my own coffee at home, and have a game of chess with a friend.
The meeting has almost ended.
You must take responsibility for your own careless actions.
You should understand him.
The heels of his socks had been worn out.
I think that things like this happen by chance.
This apple is too small.
His father is in the garden.
That's money that has been thrown out the window.
I have doubts about the authenticity of this document.
Mary tucked her hair behind her ear.
Mary tucked her hair behind her ears.
Tom tucked her hair behind her ear.
Mary shyly tucked her hair behind her ear.
Mary tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
Tom tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
Mary tucked a nonexistent strand of hair behind her ear.
Tom clutched his books.
Mary clutched her books.
It's your turn to play.
It's Tom's turn to play.
Mary scrunched her nose up.
Mary scrunched up her nose.
Tom scrunched up his nose.
Tom's nose began to itch.
She whispered his name.
Tom whispered Mary's name.
Tom whispered Mary's name into her ear.
Mary tried to hide her embarrassment.
Tom tried to hide his embarrassment.
I've been waiting for the right time to tell you.
Tom rubbed his nose.
Tom is out of earshot.
Tom began to talk as soon as Mary was out of earshot.
Tom looked at the tip of his nose.
Tom looked, crosseyed, at the tip of his nose.
Tom crossed his eyes when looking at the tip of his nose.
Both could be true.
Both can't be true.
If one is true, than the other must be false.
Is that a yes?
Tom hadn't expected it to be like this.
Tom felt as if he had been punched in the gut.
Tom felt like he had been punched in the gut.
Mary hadn't expected it to be like this.
Tom's glasses slipped from his nose.
Tom's glasses slipped down from his nose.
Tom devoured his breakfast.
I don't know how you did it, but you did.
Tom seemed uneasy.
Tom seemed uneasy in my presence.
Tom seemed uneasy in her presence.
Tom seemed uneasy in Mary's presence.
He seemed uneasy in her presence.
She seemed uneasy in his presence.
Mary seemed uneasy in Tom's presence.
So you've known all this time?
So, you've known all this time?
A million thoughts raced through Tom's mind.
A million thoughts raced through Mary's mind.
A million thoughts raced through his mind.
A million thoughts raced through her mind.
Tom took a quick nap.
I can't live a lie anymore.
Tom is one of the coolest people I know.
Tom hadn't had time to change.
Mary hadn't had time to change.
Mary seemed uneasy.
Mary tugged at the hem of her T-shirt.
Mary tugged nervously at the hem of her T-shirt.
Tom tried to think logically.
Mary tried to think logically.
Tom grew up in the 80s.
Tom grew up in the 90s.
Tom grew up in the aughts.
Tom grew up in the 2000s.
Tom likes watching documentaries.
Tom likes watching action movies.
Mary likes watching romantic comedies.
Tom likes to watch action movies.
Mary likes to watch romantic comedies.
Tom was let go.
Tom tucked a strand of hair behind his ear.
That's money wasted.
That's money that's been wasted.
I don't think that this is correct.
It's too noisy here. I can't concentrate.
I've just unlocked the door.
Tom is thinking about it, isn't he?
If you want to dance, dance.
Tom asked Mary to be there.
It even annoyed me a little.
Tom's parents aren't very educated.
It wasn't easy getting here.
Tom will fight you.
It's time you got a haircut.
I've never played chess with Tom.
Let's see if we can do that.
I can't get Tom to eat spinach.
Tom tucked a strand of hair behind Mary's ear.
Tom said goodbye to his sister.
Mary said goodbye to her brother.
Mary said goodbye to Tom.
Tom's silence confirmed Mary's suspicions.
His silence confirmed her suspicions.
Please don't be so impatient.
You're tallest.
We danced to disco music.
We learned French instead of German.
Finally, we got to Boston.
We named the cat Cookie.
The news didn't surprise us.
We were disappointed with the result.
After lunch, we put on our packs and started hiking again.
We visited Boston on business.
We went shopping downtown yesterday.
We passed the time playing cards.
We call our dog Cookie.
We only had a little water.
Once Tom gets here we can start.
We're having three guests tonight.
We have French class today.
You're allowed to go.
We should try doing that the way Tom suggested.
Three months later, we were married.
We need enough food for three people for three days.
I'm writing a message to Tom.
Tom was drunk and said things he shouldn't have said.
Tom was drunk and said things that he shouldn't have said.
Tom was drunk and said things he shouldn't have.
Tom was drunk and said things that he shouldn't have.
If you could lend me some money, I'd be very grateful.
It's not very spicy.
It isn't very spicy.
These napkins are the same color, but they're not the same size.
It's very hot this morning.
I'm afraid I've lost it.
I'm afraid that I've lost it.
I have two cats. One is black and the other is white.
I have two cats, a black one and a white one.
I'm not a handyman.
What's the situation like?
This time I won't come back.
Don't make me get my belt.
That's a pack of lies.
Everything you've just said isn't true.
Was Tom the one who wrote this?
Make yourselves presentable.
Tom is third on the list, isn't he?
Maybe I can do that for you.
Tom asked Mary to call him.
Tom's parents didn't go to college.
Now's our chance to do that.
Tom bought a shovel.
Put some sand in the bucket.
We don't have to worry about Tom.
They should be more careful.
There is almost zero friction to taking the next step.
The human brain can't help but engage with a question that it is confronted with.
We just put it on your fingertips.
Stop insulting me!
"Open your mouth", said the dentist.
I found a dollar on the road.
I asked him if he could deliver the book to us.
I bought a watch and an empty box.
We will need more time.
No matter what game you and I play together, you never win.
Don't close it!
Do you want to pay with a credit card?
It is very warm today!
We are making porridge for lunch.
The octopus is hiding in a coconut shell.
Small things can lead to bigger things.
Tom is there too.
I like running when it rains.
What have you been doing these past few months?
They don't like dancing.
The two cases are not related.
You should get to the station as close as possible to five o'clock.
Those books are really long.
The cake is too sweet.
I'm not sure if I knew about this or not.
I am not used to the job yet.
Fresh food is indeed very delicious.
Somebody has left the window open.
In the past, everything was different.
Since that accident, his health has further deteriorated.
Hey! Let's start eating.
Don't talk about business while we are eating.
He wastes a lot of money.
My brother died of boredom.
Do you know anyone who is living in Tokyo?
Do you really want to move to Boston again?
When was the last time you saw a starry sky?
"Under what circumstances was the body discovered?" asked the policeman.
I am surprised to see you!
Tom bought a camera and a tripod.
The young man has joined our army and courageously fought with us against our enemies.
I would always like to know what Marika thinks about me.
Are giraffes antelopes?
"You aren't drinking wine?" "No, I am driving, so I am drinking apple juice."
Marc posted his letter.
What time was it when we entered the building?
I studied Spanish for two years.
She doesn't feel anything?
I am trying to juggle.
You could say that France is the predominant cultural power in Europe.
You heard a noise behind you.
Are hippopotamuses harmless animals?
The weather is getting better and better.
Tom is strong, and he does karate.
She keeps the children at her home.
Did you go to Hokkaido?
It's not really that spicy.
How did you find this?
Tom had a good experience.
Tom had a bad experience.
Monkeys are good at climbing.
Squirrels are good at climbing.
The cookies are still warm.
Rome was sacked in the 5th century.
Rome was sacked in 410AD by the Visigoths led by King Alaric.
Rome was sacked in by the troops of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor.
The Pope escaped through a a secret corridor that connects the Vatican to Castel Sant'Angelo.
Tom was fatally wounded.
The Duke was was fatally wounded in the assault.
The Duke wore a white cloak.
The Swiss Guard fought to protect the Pope.
Rome was sacked by the Vandals in 455AD.
Rome was sacked by the Vandals in 455.
Rome was sacked by Ostrogoths in 546AD.
Rome was sacked by Ostrogoths in 546.
Rome was sacked by the Normans in 1084.
Rome was sacked by the Ostrogoths in 546.
Rome was sacked by the Gauls in 390BC.
When did Rome fall?
Tom wrote a book about the Fall of Rome.
Edward Gibbon wrote a book about the decline and fall of the Roman Empire.
This book is very famous.
The Normans pillaged the city.
This seems familiar.
Drinking moonshine can cause blindness.
It's possible to go blind from drinking moonshine.
Moonshine can make people blind.
Methanol has the same effects as ethanol, but also makes people blind.
Methanol can damage the optic nerve.
Even a small amount of methanol can cause blindness.
Methanol is also known as wood alcohol.
Tom became permanently blind.
These small birds move very quickly.
These birds move very quickly.
These birds are beautiful.
They're very pretty.
Tom and Mary did many activities together.
Tom and Mary did many fun activities together.
Tom and Mary went snorkeling.
Tom and Mary went to an escape room.
Tom and Mary played an escape game.
If you could travel to any country in the world, where would you go?
What is that number?
Instead of inquiring why the Roman empire was destroyed, we should rather be surprised that it had subsisted so long.
The Roman world was overwhelmed by a deluge of Barbarians.
History is, indeed, little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind.
There are too many zeroes.
I can't read that number. There are too many zeroes.
Tom is a wildlife photographer.
I had no reason to do so.
You had no reason to do so.
He had no reason to do so.
She had no reason to do so.
The lucky ones could wait in a cafeteria.
You've known all this time?
Algeria is a sovreign nation.
We live in Algeria.
The production department cannot grow any further in its current office.
It's easier to do business in Algeria.
That product is toxic.
The new microphone works better.
If you get into the habit of braking slowly, your brakes will last longer.
We weren't ready for it.
The fugitive has been caught.
I can't anymore.
Tom swam with the sea turtles.
Tom swam with a sea turtle.
Tom swam with a whale shark.
The whale shark is a filter feeder.
The whale shark feeds on plankton.
The whale shark does not pose any danger to humans.
The king cobra is a deadly snake.
Tom trains every day.
Tom got lost in the sandstorm.
Tom takes the train every day.
That was an error on our part.
That was an error on my part.
I'm sorry. That was an error on my part.
Tom regularly donates money to charity.
We'd better throw it away.
Mary called Tom into the kitchen.
Mary was deeply affected by her husband's passing.
Mary was deeply affected by the death of her husband.
Mary was deeply affected by her husband's death.
Tom was deeply affected by the death of his wife.
Tom had a mystical experience.
Tom had a spiritual experience.
Tom and Mary got off to a bad start.
Maybe we just got off to a bad start.
They got off to a bad start.
Tom's wife died of cancer.
Tom's wife died of cancer two years ago.
Tom's wife passed away.
You can't blow and sip.
Love is all that matters.
Tom died peacefully.
Tom died peacefully with his friends and family at his side.
Mary started daydreaming again.
Tom started daydreaming again.
I must have started daydreaming again.
Tom was brought back to reality.
Tom was suddenly brought back to reality.
Physical exercise trains the muscles.
I must have been daydreaming again.
Tom is a financial planner.
I was really surprised that it worked.
Tom was surprised that it worked.
Tom is a star athlete.
Tom was a star athlete in high school.
I nodded silently.
It's easier to nod when your head is empty.
Tom is nodding his head.
I don't think much of him.
Tom is a bibliomaniac.
The United Kingdom is called "Tagelda Yedduklen" in Berber.
Mary is a mom.
Tom is a dad.
Tom took a wrong turn.
Mary took a wrong turn.
This train ticket is non-refundable.
This train ticket is non-exchangeable and non-refundable.
This ticket is non-exchangeable and non-refundable.
This ticket is non-refundable.
You must validate the ticket before boarding the train.
You must validate your ticket before boarding the train.
Tom accidentally bought the wrong ticket.
Tom accidentally bought a ticket for the wrong date.
Why do I feel like an idiot?
Rome was sacked in by the Visigoths led by King Alaric.
I must've been daydreaming again.
Tom called Mary into the kitchen.
The whale shark doesn't pose any danger to humans.
Tom went snorkeling.
Mary and Alice are very pretty.
Those flowers are very pretty.
How long ago did you find this?
Do you really want to move back to Boston?
Don't talk about business while we're eating.
Someone has left the window open.
I'm not used to the job yet.
I like running in the rain.
I like to run in the rain.
I like jogging in the rain.
We'll need more time.
Stop insulting me.
She wears braids.
It's an important transportation hub.
I can't help Tom do that today.
Try to keep yourselves warm.
When did Tom lose his notebook?
Warm yourselves by the fire.
Tom is too young to vote, isn't he?
We can't predict the future.
Tom asked Mary to help you.
We stayed up until midnight.
Tom's son has been kidnapped again.
We're almost ready to leave.
I'm addicted to nicotine.
Learn to define your goals.
The medicine had a miraculous effect on him.
They have four children: three girls and a boy.
The negotiations are in full swing.
I opened the bottle.
I opened the jar.
I opened the car door and got out.
I opened the door and went in.
I couldn't get the gate open.
I wasn't able to get the gate open.
I used the new corkscrew that Tom gave me to open the bottle of wine that Mary gave me.
A bad compromise is better than a good lawsuit.
What's in the living room?
Who's the better hunter?
Eat whenever you want.
Eat whenever you want to.
Eat wherever you want to.
It's the equivalent of sawing off the branch you're sitting on.
Eat wherever you like.
Eat whenever you like.
Eat whatever you want to.
How many are there?
Don't ask me; I'm a cat.
Tom settled into his new job quickly and soon became a valued member of the team.
Tom is easily embarrassed and avoids, wherever possible, drawing attention to himself.
Tom and Mary have little in common but have been living happily together for several years.
When's your b-day?
There's nothing happening on TV.
There's nothing happening on television.
Nothing's on television.
There's nothing on television.
Do you play football?
Don't worry. I'll explain the meaning of each sentence.
He has been to the United Kingdom twice.
Our class will start in minutes, OK?
Don't forget that we have a class tomorrow.
What do you see in this image?
Tell me what you see in this picture.
Starting now, we will only speak in Portuguese.
Today we are going to study the verbs “ser” and “estar”.
My aim is to make you speak Portuguese fluently in a fun way.
Don't be scared. You will get accustomed to words in Portuguese and speak fluently.
Will you let me make an observation?
Will you permit me to make an observation?
I wish I could speak English so well.
Don't worry. I'll explain what each phrase means.
Do you have any relatives or friends who are from Brazil?
Do you want to come to know Brazil?
Do you want to visit Brazil?
Please, what is your whole name?
What is your full name please?
I will explain the meaning of each phrase after we read them.
I'll explain what each phrase means after we read them.
I'll explain what each phrase means after we read each of them.
I'm going to read the sentences, and you'll repeat. Okay?
Brazilian Portuguese is quite different to Portugal Portuguese.
Brazilian Portuguese is considerably different to European Portuguese.
There are words in Portuguese that don't have translation or equivalence in other languages like "açaí", "samba" or "guaraná".
The Carioca accent is famous and understood in all of Brazil.
We will study the Carioca accent.
In Portuguese, simply change "você" for "o senhor" or "a senhora" to turn a phrase formal.
Do you know any words or phrases in Portuguese?
What made you want to study Portuguese?
What made you learn Portuguese?
Why would you like to learn Portuguese?
Please type your name.
Type your name, please.
Could you allow me to make an observation?
Our class is going to start in minutes. Okay?
What prompted you to study Portuguese?
In Portuguese, we just swap out "you" with "the gentleman" or "the lady" to make a formal sentence.
The bakery is near the butcher shop.
So who's left in the store?
So who's still at the store?
There are no atheists in foxholes.
Damn, it's moving.
Tom is going on a social media detox.
You reason like a three-year-old child.
You reason like a three-year-old.
Are you ready for adventure?
Are you ready for adventures?
He refused to acknowledge having received a bribe.
He refused to admit that he had received a bribe.
I gave Tom a bribe.
I bribed Tom.
They say that the mayor takes bribes.
One more step and you would have fallen down the stairs.
I planted a pine tree.
Recess is ending.
We always looked down on Tom.
Having done his work, Tom left.
We leave for Australia this afternoon.
The train ride was three hours.
I've seen that face somewhere before.
I've run short of money.
One more step and you would've fallen down the stairs.
Are you ready for an adventure?
I've often been here.
I've been here many times.
I've been here a number of times.
I haven't seen Tom since last Monday.
Only you can do this.
I have nothing to tell you right now.
I haven't read all the books.
I haven't read all of the books.
I've read that book before.
I haven't had a chance to see that movie yet.
We were surprised that Tom got injured.
We compared Tom's work with Mary's.
We were surprised at Tom's conduct.
We made Tom go there.
Tom's lawyers asked the judge for a recess.
Tom's favorite things at school are lunch and recess.
Recess is a good chance for kids to run around and relax.
Tom says that recess is the best part of the school day.
We were unable to follow Tom's logic.
We elected Tom Jackson to be mayor.
We appointed Tom as our representative.
We invited Tom to the dinner party.
We're very interested in the history of Australia.
We'll have some guests tomorrow.
Once Tom arrives, we can start.
We're sold out of jeans.
We're currently experiencing some turbulence.
At last, we reached Boston.
We finally made it home at about 2:in the morning.
We're anxious for your help.
We've seen three wars.
We should keep our promises.
We have six classes a day.
Tom wasn't able to shoot the deer.
We aren't cold in the house.
Insofar as we know, Tom is guilty.
We'll fight to the last.
We'll discuss the problem with them tomorrow.
We'll get through the jungle somehow.
We saw another ship far away.
We went in search of gold.
We can't follow your plan any longer.
We went as far as Boston together.
He was saying they had tricked him.
The physical world is a complex network of events, not the consequence of a single and simple causality.
Explain it to me again.
She was saying they had tricked her.
You were saying they had tricked you.
He landed at the expected site.
Some legumes, like chickpeas and green beans, cause flatulence but are excellent foods.
Every day I drive more than a hundred kilometers.
October 12th is a national holiday.
Zamenhof himself understood that an auxiliary language isn't enough to lead the world to peace. This is why he spoke of an "inner idea" of Esperanto, of "homaranismo."
Religious, racial or national tolerance, and the ability to understand one another, are not enough to eliminate hostility and bring about justice. And wherever there is no justice, war lies dormant.
The author of Esperanto lacked a clear concept of the endless struggle existing, more or less acutely at times, between social classes. He didn't see that the causes of war lay in the principles themselves on which human relations were based. However, his goal was essentially similar to ours. He wished to unite humanity into "one great family group."
The car is driving quickly.
Everybody likes that flower.
Excuse me, do you have any of these in your store?
What type of gas is it?
His train is departing from platform 10.
We didn't have rolls.
Boy Scouts need to do one good deed every day.
The news made him feel deeply sad.
He lived there for ten years. Then, he moved to Kyoto.
Has my father already come back?
That's so expensive! Can't you get it cheaper?
In "明", what is the character on the left? And the one on the right?
Your pair of slippers are very cute.
I am sorry, we are unable to satisfy your demand.
We are giving them a bit.
It's a transitional period in your life, which is what makes it so difficult.
Let's get a move on! The break is ending.
Let's get a move on before the break ends.
Later, it turned out that Tom had been right.
Later, Tom turned out to be right.
I have extremely white skin, and do not tan at all.
A depressingly large number of people are bothered by the fact that cats set boundaries.
Tom is an uplifting trance producer and DJ from Boston.
Tom remixed a track from John's latest album.
He is very popular, so whenever you find yourself in trouble, his friends will be happy to help.
The original sentence means the opposite.
Once she starts talking, its hard to stop her.
I'm sorry, I forgot my homework.
I've eaten one apple.
Have you seen the red river?
Where are you studying Italian?
This forest fire was naturally caused.
Dad's English is better than Mum's.
This wine has a fruitier taste than the one we tasted before.
He has been poor all his life.
He only blames other people, and never himself.
He is fluent in Mandarin.
I know he is looking at me.
These are very early stories.
I don't know where he found her.
I have been here for a long time.
I must've mistyped the number.
She looks better than before.
Learning English well is not difficult.
He's a slave.
Don't you have a phone number?
Life is always a mistake.
Do you have a drink to help quench my thirst?
I feel heartache.
This sentence has errors.
We always have something to say.
Follow me please.
Do you want a small oven?
Nigeria is a former French colony.
It snows here during the winter.
Portugal is made up of the mainland and the archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira.
This phone isn't working as it should.
This phone isn't working the way it should.
We must obey the traffic regulations.
We're engaged in a difficult task.
What I want now is a glass of cold water.
We discussed our future plans.
Follow me, please.
We had a serious conversation about that.
We used to compete against each other in college.
We sang as loudly as we could.
We ran as fast as we could.
We learn to read and write in school.
We gave some blankets to the refugees.
We objected, but Tom left anyway.
We bound Tom to secrecy.
We're anxious about her health.
I wonder if Tom likes dancing as much as Mary does.
I wonder if Tom likes dancing as much as Mary.
We've had bad weather recently.
We saw Tom off at the airport.
She landed at the expected site.
It landed at the expected site.
I'd like to learn all the European languages.
Mary has failed again, but the good thing is that she is still very young.
I feel like she has misunderstood me.
Let's clean up the whole desk.
It's so late; we should go to sleep.
What do you think is the second highest mountain in Japan?
The machine works all day.
I want to relax more.
The plane is landing in Tan Son Nhat airport.
I went to play!
He easily solved the problem.
He is quickly recovering from his cold.
That writer I mentioned a lot in the past passed away yesterday.
He is a kind teacher.
I want to go and change into that shirt I bought yesterday.
When someone's upset, it's best to stay quiet.
Please say hello to your family on my behalf.
The children are having fun in the grass.
Is she still sleeping?
The eagle is the king of the skies.
The eagle is the king of the air.
The eagle is the king of the winds.
I don't want to be right.
This dictionary is better than that one.
The wind blew his hat off.
The car honked.
Tom wears shoes inside his house.
Tom wears shoes inside the house.
Tom doesn't wear shoes inside the house.
Tom always wears shoes inside the house.
In this country, public displays of affection are generally frowned upon.
Tom ate at a local restaurant.
Public displays of affection are generally frowned upon.
Tom wrapped his arm around Mary.
You shouldn't talk with your mouth full.
Who used all the hot water?
Marie-Emmanuelle is French.
Do you have time to come by this week?
Would you have time to come over this afternoon?
Tom and Mary moved in together.
I bet you didn't know this.
The math doesn't add up.
And the earth was of one tongue, and of the same speech.
Why are you still at school?
Tom asked Mary to text him.
Why are you in the hospital?
Tom is trying to do that, isn't he?
Why are you acting so crazy?
When did Tom say that happened?
What time did the party end?
I didn't expect Tom to be late.
What color is your umbrella?
We won't need to worry about Tom.
We're desperate for answers.
Tom brought a salad.
And when they removed from the east, they found a plain in the land of Sennaar, and dwelt in it.
And each one said to his neighbour: Come, let us make brick, and bake them with fire. And they had brick instead of stones, and slime instead of mortar.
And they said: Come, let us make a city and a tower, the top whereof may reach to heaven; and let us make our name famous before we be scattered abroad into all lands.
His salary went up by ten percent.
His salary increased by ten percent.
He wouldn't raise my salary.
He was my guide.
It isn't really that spicy.
The two cases aren't related.
It's Tom's turn to pay.
It's too noisy here.
The train should be here on time.
Almost nobody knows that.
Almost nobody knows this.
When I first came here, I didn't know anyone.
It's better to teach someone how to fish than to give someone a fish.
Tom and Mary's house is cluttered.
I must go to bed now.
I have to go to bed now.
Children really do grow up quickly.
Tom says he's going to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom says that he's going to go to Boston with Mary.
I think that package is for Tom.
I think that that package is for Tom.
Tell me a little about your trip.
What I want to eat now is a sandwich.
I bet that you didn't know this.
To become free and peaceful, humanity needs to topple all the barriers between humans.
The sun hasn't risen yet.
I'd like to buy some cheese.
Which ones would you like?
And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower which the children of Adam were building.
And he said: Behold, it is one people, and all have one tongue: and they have begun to do this, neither will they leave off from their designs till they accomplish them in deed.
Come ye, therefore, let us go down and there confound their tongue, that they may not understand one another's speech.
And so the Lord scattered them from that place into all lands, and they ceased to build the city.
And therefore the name thereof was called Babel, because there the language of the whole earth was confounded: and from thence the Lord scattered them abroad upon the face of all countries.
And the Lord said to Abram: Go forth out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and out of thy father's house, and come into the land which I shall shew thee.
And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and magnify thy name, and thou shalt be blessed.
I will bless them that bless thee, and curse them that curse thee, and in thee shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed.
So Abram went out as the Lord had commanded him, and Lot went with him: Abram was seventy five years old when he went forth from Haran.
Abram passed through the country unto the place of Sichem, as far as the noble vale: now the Canaanite was at that time in the land.
And the Lord appeared to Abram and said to him: To thy seed will I give this land. And he built there an altar to the Lord, who had appeared to him.
And passing on from thence to a mountain that was on the east side of Bethel, he there pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west and Hai on the east: he built there also an altar to the Lord, and called upon his name.
And Abram went forward, going and proceeding on to the south.
And there came a famine in the country: and Abram went down into Egypt, to sojourn there: for the famine was very grievous in the land.
And Rachel seeing herself without children, envied her sister, and said to her husband: Give me children, otherwise I shall die.
And Jacob being angry with her, answered: Am I as God, who hath deprived thee of the fruit of thy womb?
But she said: I have here my servant Bala: go in unto her, that she may bear upon my knees, and I may have children by her.
And she gave him Bala in marriage: who, when her husband had gone in unto her, conceived and bore a son.
And Rachel said: The Lord hath judged for me, and hath heard my voice, giving me a son; and therefore she called his name Dan.
The ringgit is the currency of which country?
The yuan and the yen are currencies of which two countries?
Tokyo is the capital of which country?
And again Bala conceived, and bore another, for whom Rachel said: God hath compared me with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called him Nephthali.
Lia perceiving that she had left of bearing, gave Zelpha, her handmaid, to her husband. And when she had conceived, and brought forth a son, she said: Happily. And therefore called his name Gad.
Zelpha also bore another.
And Lia said: This is for my happiness: for women will call me blessed. Therefore she called him Aser.
Tom ruled Tatoeba with an iron fist in a velvet glove for many years.
King Tom of the House Jackson, the first of his name, ruled Tatoeba in peace and prosperity for many years.
And Ruben going out in the time of the wheat harvest into the field, found mandrakes, which he brought to his mother Lia. And Rachel said: Give me part of thy son's mandrakes.
She answered: Dost thou think it a small matter, that thou hast taken my husband from me, unless thou take also my son's mandrakes? Rachel said: He shall sleep with thee this night, for thy son's mandrakes.
And when he was near to enter into Egypt, he said to Sarai his wife: I know that thou art a beautiful woman, and that when the Egyptians shall see thee, they will say: She is his wife, and they will kill me and keep thee.
Say, therefore, I pray thee, that thou art my sister, that I may be well used for thee, and that my soul may live for thy sake.
And when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians saw the woman that she was very beautiful.
And the princes told Pharaoh, and praised her before him, and the woman was taken into the house of Pharaoh.
And they used Abram well for her sake. And he had sheep and oxen and he-asses, and men servants, and maid servants, and she-asses, and camels.
But the Lord scourged Pharaoh and his house with most grievous stripes for Sarai, Abram's wife.
And Pharaoh called Abram, and said to him: What is this that thou hast done to me? Why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife?
For what cause didst thou say, she was thy sister, that I might take her to my wife? Now therefore there is thy wife, take her, and go thy way.
And Pharaoh gave his men orders concerning Abram, and they led him away and his wife, and all that he had.
The lid won't open.
Please sit in here.
Serious illnesses call for emergency care.
There are many people in the house.
Everyone can make a mistake.
He doesn't listen to music.
This evening, I am leaving Tokyo for Osaka.
You are busy; I can do it myself.
The effects of the atmosphere and ocean on the environment are very important.
Outside of working hours, you can get a hold of him through his private phone.
Have you been keeping up a normal diet since the last shot of insulin?
Who do you think made the mistake?
I bought a white, pleated skirt.
He betrayed everyone for money.
Is it true that you were Tom's first girlfriend?
If you're busy, I can do it by myself.
Do you know where Tom's umbrella is?
Why are you visiting Boston?
Tom can go home now.
Why did you throw that away?
Do you remember where you met Tom?
Why do you want to buy that?
I didn't lie to Tom about that.
Why is this website so slow?
When did Tom take this picture?
When I was younger, many people used to say I was good-looking.
When I was young, people always told me that I was ugly.
When I was thirteen years old, my dad bought me my own fishing boat.
Where's that bottle of wine that I asked you to buy?
When I went to look, I found Tom fast asleep.
It isn't much fun to go mountain climbing by yourself.
When Tom came to, he was tied to a chair in the basement.
When the phone rang in the middle of the night, I immediately knew something was wrong.
When I was about to leave my house, I got a phone call from Tom.
How long ago did they pass that law?
The person who taught me how to do that is Tom.
You're one of the few people I know who can do that.
Did you meet anybody interesting at the party?
When Tom came home, I was writing a letter.
When we started out, we only had three employees.
When we started out, we had only three hundred dollars between us.
When I got out of jail, the first thing I did was go to a restaurant.
When the fire broke out, Tom was fast asleep.
When I heard that, I felt like crying.
When I entered Tom's room, he was reading a book.
When Tom was young, he was very popular.
Every time I see this play, I always cry.
What Tom told us yesterday didn't make much sense.
When Tom arrives in Boston, I'll call you right away.
When Tom comes, I'll pay the money that I promised.
When I hear this song, I think of Tom.
Whenever I hear this song, I think of Tom.
Whenever I hear that song, I think about when I was young.
When I was sick, Tom came over and cooked dinner for me.
When Tom got lost, he wished he'd followed Mary's advice.
When Tom was young, he preferred tea to coffee.
How long ago were you a high school student?
When Tom was in Boston, he had at least three different jobs.
When Tom broke his leg, he had to use crutches for three months.
When Tom was young, he would often watch baseball.
When Tom finished the work, he went home.
The first thing Tom does every morning is read his horoscope.
When Tom is in trouble, he always turns to Mary for help.
When Tom saw the policeman, he ran away.
When Tom went to Boston, he asked me to take care of his dog.
When Tom got the letter, he burned it without reading it.
What Tom says doesn't make any sense.
Having seen Tom before, I recognized him at once.
When Tom got Mary alone for a moment, he asked for a date.
When Tom turned up, we'd been waiting for three hours.
When Tom got to the station, the train had already left.
When Tom retired, his son took over his business.
When I got to the bus stop, the bus had already left.
The first time I came to Boston, this restaurant wasn't even here.
Don't mess around.
When Tom was here, he would swim in the morning.
What Tom says makes no sense at all.
When it comes to fishing, Tom is an expert.
When Tom left the place, it was in an utter mess.
When I grow up, I want to be a French teacher.
Having met Tom before, I recognized him at once.
When I saw Mary the other day, she was wearing a red dress.
Where's the men's room? I want to wash my hands.
When I've finished my homework, I'll go for a swim.
When spring comes, they plow the fields and plant seeds.
When class is over, it'll probably be raining.
When I was younger, I used to always go hiking on weekends.
I didn't start wearing glasses until I was thirty.
What'll actually happen is anyone's guess.
Together, the two of us have nothing to fear.
The two of us will pull you out of here somehow.
And when Jacob returned at even from the field, Lia went out to meet him, and said: Thou shalt come in unto me because I have hired thee for my son's mandrakes. And he slept with her that night.
And God heard her prayers; and she conceived: and bore a fifth son. And said: God hath given me a reward, because I gave my handmaid to my husband. And she called his name Issachar.
And Lia conceived again, and bore the sixth son. And said: God hath endowed me with a good dowry; this turn also my husband will be with me, because I have borne him six sons: and therefore she called his name Zabulon.
Your children will watch over you.
After whom she bore a daughter, named Dina.
The Lord, also remembering Rachel, heard her and opened her womb.
And she conceived, and bore a son, saying: God hath taken away my reproach. And she called his name Joseph, saying: The Lord give me also another son.
And when Joseph was born, Jacob said to his father-in-law: Send me away, that I may return into my country, and to my land.
Give me my wives, and my children, for whom I have served thee, that I may depart: thou knowest the service that I have rendered thee.
China is developing very quickly.
Who is looking after the dog while you are away?
This is a fast and effective way of communication.
When out of tourist season, the tickets will be cheap.
My sister is taller than my brother.
Tomorrow, I am coming back from Hong Kong to the mainland.
Why are you taking so much medicine?
Who is this old person?
Why do you always avoid that topic?
"I don't want to go right now." "Why not?"
Thank you for helping me. Please turn off the light, I want to go to sleep.
You really are an idiot. You're so stupid!
I want to find him first!
He thinks I don't know anything about it, but, in reality, I know everything.
This type of problem should be able to be solved.
I like wearing long skirts.
This toy is made of wood.
Lettuce leaves wither easily.
They are letting us make the speech in English.
How much does a kilo of bananas cost?
He has the opposite attitude to me.
His voice is loud.
You are one of my best friends.
When considering the party, what kind of clothes are you going to wear?
There is a position available for a secretary.
It's a bad idea, but it might work.
There are a lot of hangers on the curtain rail.
You're one of my best friends.
It should be easy to solve this problem.
What's that number?
If there are no dogs in heaven, then when I die I want to go where they went.
When we told Tom the news, he didn't say anything for a few minutes.
When I entered Tom's room, I found him reading a book.
When I didn't know how to answer the question, Tom gave me a hint.
One thing I like about Tom is his way of talking.
When I came home, Tom was watching TV.
When I was a kid, I used to play baseball after school.
When I was a child, I used to play baseball after school.
When I was a kid, I played catch with my father.
When I came home, Tom was cooking dinner.
When I was a child, I used to go to the beach every summer.
I used to go to the beach every summer when I was a kid.
When I first got to Boston, I was in a daze.
Having finished the work, Tom went home.
When I was in Boston someone broke into my room and stole my wallet.
When Tom got into trouble, he turned to his parents for help.
When Tom saw the police officer, he ran away.
When did they pass that law?
I don't think Tom has a dog.
I don't think that Tom has a dog.
I couldn't answer the first question Tom asked me.
I couldn't answer the first question that Tom asked me.
When I was in Australia, I met many interesting people.
When Tom came home, I was watching TV.
When it comes to sports, I can't beat Tom.
When the school needed a new teacher, I applied for the position.
When Tom heard the news, he turned pale.
Why don't you get rid of your motorcycle? You never ride it anymore.
When you come to Boston, I'll show you around.
Having done that with Tom before, I knew he wouldn't be able to do it very well.
Having done that with Tom before, I knew that he wouldn't be able to do it very well.
It isn't good for your health to stay inside all day.
Having worked on the farm all day, we were completely tired out.
We must finish everything before Monday morning.
We have to finish everything before Monday morning.
We need to finish everything before Monday morning.
We spent our holiday in Boston.
We've given your order highest priority.
I never did that as often as you did.
Since I wrote the report in a hurry, it had many mistakes.
The reason that the report had so many mistakes was because I wrote it in a hurry.
The reason the report had so many mistakes was because I wrote it in a hurry.
I think that you should know that whatever happens, I'll still love you.
I just wanted to let you know I'll be late tomorrow morning.
Did that guy say bad things about Tom again?
In comparison, taking the train is cheaper.
They both want a child.
What time is she at home?
We finally decided to hand him over to the police.
It'll be cheaper to go by train.
Due to the large amounts of snow over the last few days, school has been cancelled.
How much will it cost to get there by bus?
She has dropped out of school due to health issues.
This is obviously dependent on the relationship...
When we started, we thought that we knew everything, but we later discovered that we did not.
If you can sing, that is great.
Well then, have you decided?
It is very difficult to work with people who are not willing to do so.
Before I leave, I would like to see you.
Where did you run to?
I didn't work.
The mainland of China covers 96,000,square kilometers, and it is the largest country in Asia, as well as the third largest in the world.
It is still raining a lot today, and the soil is being broken up.
My little brother asked me for money.
It really is unforgettable for me! Thank you!
This wallet is made of paper.
I did not go there to die. I went there to live.
Dad gave me a book, and my little brother gave me a pen.
To be honest, he doesn't have any musical talent.
By car, it takes hours to get to my uncle's house.
Did you go to school?
Does this train stop at Kunshan station?
Give it a go!
They are struggling with the goal of wiping out smallpox.
How many US dollars are in an Egyptian pound?
The latest entertainment magazine has many Korean influences.
Is he a good teacher?
It is raining right now, but I want to go out.
Almost nobody thinks we are sisters.
I can see a person, but I can't see any wolves.
I love to eat Sukiyaki most of all!
The weatherman's forecast is almost certainly wrong.
What did he really tell you?
The flow of the water was strong enough to wash away the bridge.
How much does this pen cost?
I only know about these.
When the phone rang, I was watching TV.
Our soldiers cannot choose whether there is war or peace.
He is a timid man.
He and his brother are chatting.
I support political reform.
Those apples aren't yet ripe.
Tennis is a racket sport.
Your theory does not hold up.
There are three main sections.
You were painting the house.
I am reading a book in the bedroom.
Hey! Look where you're putting your feet, please!
I want to draw a sunset.
The poor are also people with feelings.
I cannot blame it on him.
I was just going for a walk there.
Some people speak from experience, and some people, from experience, don't speak.
That is quite a risky job.
They gave us a number of fish.
A good teacher makes good students.
Yes, his surname is also Tom. Tom's full name is Tom Tom.
Since you can, you should!
She knows that that was my duty.
I didn't know that you were also learning Japanese.
The bullet missed my face by five centimetres.
The police arrest the thief.
Someone should open their mouth!
It is sad that you must leave.
Could you tell us why you don't like this city?
I should tell you something: I lied when I said that I didn't know anything.
You must wash the graffiti off the wall.
Marko has bought a book, but I don't know which one.
Yesterday another salesman worked here.
At that time, I didn't know when Tom would arrive.
Neither Tom nor Mary can play the clarinet.
Neither Tom nor Mary knows how to play the clarinet.
Neither Tom nor Mary plays the clarinet.
I need you to come back.
What subjects are you good at?
Laban said to him: Let me find favour in thy sight. I have learned, by experience, that God hath blessed me for thy sake.
Do you really think that we're that stupid?
Do you really think that I'm that gullible?
Appoint thy wages which I shall give thee.
But he answered: Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how great thy possession hath been in my hands.
He got a red card.
Thou hadst but little before I came to thee, and now thou art become rich, and the Lord hath blessed thee at my coming. It is reasonable, therefore, that I should now provide also for my oun house.
The volcano erupts.
And Laban said: What shall I give thee? But he said: I require nothing, but if thou wilt do what I demand, I will feed and keep thy sheep again.
Go round through all thy flocks, and separate all the sheep of divers colours, and speckled; and all that is brown and spotted, and of divers colours, as well among the sheep as among the goats, shall be my wages.
The more I see you, the more I hate you.
The doctor said I should eat in moderation.
The doctor said to eat in moderation.
Well, let's go on!
I don't know if I'll go to work tomorrow.
And my justice shall answer for me tomorrow before thee, when the time of the bargain shall come; and all that is not of divers colours, and spotted, and brown, as well among the sheep as among the goats, shall accuse me of theft.
Tom prefers the company of cats and books over people.
Morocco is called "Al-maghrib" in Arabic.
Germany is called "Almanya" in Arabic.
Germany is called "Lalman" in Berber.
Algeria is called "Dzayer" in Algerian dialect.
Algeria is called "Al-Jaza'ir" in Algerian dialect.
Tunisia is called "Tunes" in Berber.
Libya is called "Libya" in Berber.
Zamenhof's "homaranismo" can only grow under communism.
Thank you for the detailed and extensive reply.
He won't be able to turn around.
Here you can turn around.
The time for unwrapping Christmas presents has started.
Here there's room to turn around.
It's extremely expensive.
He's not as smart as my brother.
He smothers her with gifts.
If you drink hot milk before you go to bed, it will help you fall asleep.
My father often falls asleep in front of the TV.
The house is always spruce.
Do not confuse me like that!
I am Chaoui. I speak Berber.
I am Chaoui. My country is Algeria.
That's why.
Joy, love and sun are inside my heart.
This answer is wrong.
Lightning struck the tree.
And Laban said: I like well what thou demandest.
Stephen is cutting the grass.
He has been blind from birth.
My luggage is ready.
And he separated the same day the she-goats, and the sheep, and the he-goats, and the rams of divers colours, and spotted; and all the flock of one colour, that is, of white and black fleece, he delivered into the hands of his sons.
They didn't expect me to refuse.
And he set the space of three days journey betwixt himself and his son-in-law, who fed the rest of his flock.
She visits me from time to time.
It's been exactly one month since I moved to Boston.
I'm going to Boston next week to see my sister.
I don't think we should take that kind of risk.
We're going to be working in Boston next year.
That French word has no equivalent in English.
I don't understand what all the fuss is about.
I don't play backgammon as often as I used to.
What exactly does an electrical engineer do?
I'm planning to study French this afternoon.
Which day of the week is your French class?
We're faced with the choice between resistance and slavery.
I doubt if I'll go to work tomorrow.
I don't think I'll go to work tomorrow.
I don't think that I'll go to work tomorrow.
What'll you have for dinner tonight?
What do Canadians usually eat for lunch?
This is how people will know you are my disciples: if you love each other.
By this everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you love one another.
What's your favorite classic rock song?
Who'll look after your dog tomorrow?
Did you enjoy your vacation in Australia?
Nothing like this has ever happened before.
I was the only one who didn't go swimming.
I don't understand why we have to do this.
Tom and Mary dated for almost three months before breaking up.
We've lived in this town for three years.
Tom and Mary seem to be having trouble making up their minds.
Even if everyone else does that, I won't.
It took me a long time to convince Tom to do that.
Can you tell me anything else about that?
I offered Tom a good deal, but he turned it down.
You all know how I feel about that plan.
I couldn't figure out what Tom was trying to say.
I was the only one who couldn't do that.
Tom was the only one who offered to help me.
I want an unblemished lamb.
That's quite a risky job.
That's a pretty risky job.
Almost nobody thinks we're sisters.
I'd like to talk to you before I leave.
I must've started daydreaming again.
If you drink warm milk before you go to bed, it'll help you fall asleep.
Tom got a 30% pay raise.
Tom got a thirty percent pay raise.
Tom wouldn't eat anything.
My children won't eat fish.
Tom wouldn't eat what his mother put on the table.
She is not my sister, but my mother.
I've found it in your room under the bed.
And Jacob took green rods of poplar, and of almond, and of plane-trees, and pilled them in part; so when the bark was taken off, in the parts that were pilled, there appeared whiteness; but the parts that were whole remained green; and by this means the colour was divers.
And he put them in the troughs, where the water was poured out; that when the flocks should come to drink, they might have the rods before their eyes, and in the sight of them might conceive.
And it came to pass, that in the very heat of coition, the sheep beheld the rods, and brought forth spotted, and of divers coulours, and speckled.
Everyone, wake up!
You're going to be late for breakfast!
We are not related by blood.
Why are you so energetic?
You all did an amazing job!
And Jacob separated the flock, and put the rods in the troughs before the eyes of the rams; and all the white and the black were Laban's, and the rest were Jacob's, when the flocks were separated one from the other.
The film stayed faithful to the book.
I don't know anyone who corresponds to that description.
I don't know anyone who matches that description.
Glass will adsorb water readily, which is why we see a thin film of water on recently washed drinking glasses.
John is my name.
She lived more than twenty-five years alone.
He found five mistakes in five lines.
Do you want my phone number?
I'm very good.
Goodnight.
Silver hair is very fashionable at the moment.
Dyeing your hair is a big commitment.
I am going to take a short walk.
My son was completely bald when he was born.
Their father is Algerian.
She is Chaoui.
He is Chaoui.
They are Chaouis.
We are Chaouis.
There are few alternatives.
She is a very calm person.
The cap has a blue bill.
His health has declined.
I'm feeling younger again.
This is the silverware drawer.
I want to eat a clementine.
The soup is very salty.
This is very bland.
He is not a man who wastes his time.
Her health has declined.
Your health has declined.
I used to eat chocolate and sweets.
He used to eat chocolate and sweets.
She used to eat chocolate and sweets.
You used to eat chocolate and sweets.
You are an entrepreneur.
He is an entrepreneur.
She is an entrepreneur.
Tom has to wake up.
She doesn't look more than sixty years old.
Did you change it?
My favorite color is that of a redcurrant.
No, we are the same age.
Your father was noble.
Her father was noble.
His father was noble.
He tells everyone his dad is an aviator.
I go to the annual community meeting.
I am going to the annual community meeting.
They took my idea.
The party was boring.
Don't eat that, it's expired.
The chemical symbol for aluminum is Al.
I don't understand your sudden interest.
Please enter the code.
Bratwurst is a type of sausage.
I voted yes.
Our friends are coming to China with us.
He was left alone in the room.
I don't really want to wear a tie to work, but I have to.
Who do you think is wrong?
Who do you think is to blame?
Who do you think made that mistake?
I eat bread for my breakfast.
Our sense of hearing allows us to hear.
The tool enables us to work.
I drink with a straw.
I am drinking with a straw.
I want to go and change into that shirt that I bought yesterday.
There is oxygen in this bottle.
There's nothing on television that I want to watch.
There's nothing on TV that I want to watch.
Tom has never donated money to any charity.
The bear is coming towards us.
Tom often goes to the supermarket by bicycle.
This has been going on for many years.
It's Tom and Mary's wedding anniversary today.
When did you come back from Australia?
It's been exactly one week since Tom left.
I spent the whole day cleaning my room.
I wouldn't object if you wanted to go with Tom.
You can improve your French if you try.
Once Tom starts talking, it's hard to stop him.
You were supposed to be here yesterday.
The girls brush their hair.
It's tea time.
It's time to play.
It's time that you told me the truth.
It's time that you shut up.
His black cat prefers to eat white mice.
Her black cat prefers to eat white mice.
I arrive at your house in one hour.
I don't understand anything about art.
I understand nothing about art.
They already told me.
I don't like the pineapple. It has a very sour taste.
I only drink one can of beer a week.
I think it's time for you to tell me the truth.
An atlas is a collection of maps.
I hate that people smoke in my yard.
This book is about a king who lost his crown.
I hate it when people smoke in my house.
Use lemon to disinfect.
I would like to dance with you today.
Let me work, please!
You like to walk barefoot?
Ana is a sleepyhead. When she doesn't work, she doesn't get up before two o'clock.
We are the product of thousands of millions of years of evolution.
Come on! A little faster!
You have to escape immediately.
Be careful with the bad dog.
Tom was never here.
I have lost the WiFi signal.
She has many problems. She will end up committing suicide.
They know Mary's father.
You are not interested in Mary.
Deeds, not words.
The French revolution was a bourgeois revolt.
The first time that I took my girlfriend's hand it was in the haunted house.
The neolithic period is also known as The Stone Age.
I haven't understood anything that you've said.
He broke two ribs in an accident.
No one is able to realize their dreams without persistence.
When is the meeting going to be held?
I ride a horse.
How can I get to the nearest station?
Start the engines.
I haven't understood it completely. Can you give me an example?
Ticks and mites are arachnids.
They told Mary the complete story.
You are very ugly.
There goes my last chance.
There goes my last opportunity.
Suddenly I felt a strong stomach ache.
I laugh to not cry. But this is serious.
You only think of money!
This is very salty.
I entered the cave.
Last month this program cost double what it costs today.
We make a lot of money selling cakes in the school.
She pronounces all of the words incorrectly.
Alice is the best friend of Maria.
It's impossible to sleep with so much noise.
I have to finish my homework before dinner.
I ate a salad for dinner.
You have to teach.
They are sad.
I spend the day sleeping.
I went into the cave.
Why do you think Tom wanted to do that today?
What made you decide to quit doing that?
Who do you think asked me to give you this?
That's the reason why Tom did that.
I haven't understood anything you've said.
Who threw this stone through the window?
The glasses are on the bedside.
What does Tom want you to call him?
Why would Tom want to keep us here?
Why does Tom want to join the army?
What do you plan to do on Monday?
Who's the person Tom is speaking to?
Why did Tom need to do that for Mary?
What should we do if Tom comes late?
I wonder why I always become drowsy whenever I begin to study.
What were you like when you were thirteen?
What were you like when you were thirteen years old?
What's your favorite small town in Australia?
Why is it so difficult to master French?
Despite everything which took place, he has forgiven him.
The dog awaited its master, alone in front of the door, in the icy cold of December.
I don't want to wait longer.
For him, a quick answer is more important than a correct one.
You are at home today noon time.
This just doesn't add up!
I had a little on the plane, not much.
In our view, we have already made the biggest possible compromise.
Talking bad about mother again, eh?
A lie is like a flower in full bloom. It may look pretty, but it wilts quickly.
The new school semester has started.
I had fever for two days.
It doesn't matter how others see you. What is important is to be sure to affirm your own self.
She is learning pole dancing.
How about this instead?
There are four Chinese books in front of the telephone.
The novel has many autobiographical elements from the author's own life.
It's hard to foresee the result of the elections.
The needle of a compass marks North.
What is the thirty-first of December called?
The mouse was eaten by the cat.
The priest called the drunk "slave of sin".
Nothing happened during the day.
Because I know you and you aren't like that.
If you don't know what you have, it's like you don't have it.
"Do you want something to drink?" "No, thank you."
All of the houses need to be lived in.
Although I like French, I don't like France so much.
I can't lift this container.
Have you already been to Kyoto?
Mary cannot see or hear.
Organisms with complex cells are eukaryotes.
So where have the red-headed children gone to?
Eukaryotes make up one of the three groups of living organisms.
A man has walked miles in protest of Brexit.
We use a system called the 'Linnaean Taxonomic' to class organisms into groups.
The areas of science can be put into two general groups: natural sciences and social sciences.
It is possible to see the order of the elements in the Periodic Table, which shows the number of protons in each of them, with which you can calculate the number of atoms in the element using Avogadro's number.
I am glad you're over your cold.
We are faced with the alternatives of resistance or slavery.
Who can replace her?
He served as a substitute for the boy's father.
It will be hard to find a replacement for her.
It will be hard to find a substitute for her.
It'll be hard to find a replacement for Tom.
It'll be difficult to find a replacement for Tom.
Tom used to be a lot fatter than he is now.
We can't possibly meet that deadline.
Tom used to be a lot richer than he is now.
You can't imagine how much I've lost.
What was Tom's motive for committing murder?
I don't understand why people do that.
I'm glad that you're over your cold.
What time did Tom arrive at the airport?
Did Tom go to the station to see Mary off?
Did Tom go to the concert last Monday?
What's the average life span in Australia?
Why don't we go and see Tom in the hospital?
What did Tom tell you about what he wants to do?
Does Tom often call his parents?
When does Tom get back from his trip?
What do you think Tom has in mind?
What do you think about the way Tom did that?
I don't think we can move this piano by ourselves.
I don't think we can move this piano without some help.
I don't think that we can move this piano by ourselves.
I don't think that we can move this piano without some help.
Where can I catch the bus to the station?
Who's the woman in the brown coat?
Which bus should I take to go downtown?
Where would you like to go next Monday?
Who was it that did that yesterday?
Who was it that gave you that?
Who was it that gave that to you?
Tom pronounces many words incorrectly.
Tom often pronounces people's names incorrectly.
Tom mispronounces my name.
Mary is my younger sister.
Mary is my older daughter.
Mary is my younger daughter.
Mary is my oldest daughter.
Mary is my youngest daughter.
Tom is my older son.
Tom is my younger son.
Tom is my youngest son.
Tom is our youngest son.
Mary is our youngest daughter.
Mary is our oldest daughter.
Mary is our younger daughter.
Mary is our older daughter.
Tom is our older son.
Tom is our younger son.
Tom is our youngest.
Tom is our youngest child.
Tom is our oldest.
Tom is our oldest child.
When was it that you first met Tom?
When was it you first met Tom?
Who'll look after your cat while you are away?
You've confused the students.
That was a very confusing explanation.
Tom wasn't able to explain the situation very clearly.
How long was the concert?
How long did that concert last?
His deed deserves respect.
I'm dying of thirst at the moment.
Do you realize what you just said?
My mind doesn't work well when it's hot.
There was no collusion with Russia.
Tom has a very high opinion of himself.
My great-grandfather was a Canadian.
Tom has too high an opinion of himself.
What'll you do after you graduate?
I can't even imagine how Tom is feeling.
When are you returning to Australia?
What Tom says sounds very sensible to me.
Didn't you use to work at a hospital?
Tom doesn't know how to speak French well.
I run three kilometers every morning.
I don't know what time Tom left the office.
I want you to listen to me carefully.
So when the ewes went first to ram, Jacob put the rods in the troughs of water before the eyes of the rams, and of the ewes, that they might conceive while they were looking upon them.
The mountaintops are hidden by clouds.
How can I develop my mind's hidden capabilities?
But when the later coming was, and the last conceiving, he did not put them. And those that were lateward became laban's; and they of the first time Jacob's. And the man was enriched exceedingly, and he had many flocks, maid-servants and men-servants, camels and asses.
And Abram went up out of Egypt he and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him into the south.
And he was very rich in possession of gold and silver.
And he returned by the way that he came from the south to Bethel, to the place where before he had pitched his tent between Bethel and Hai, in the place of the altar which he had made before, and there he called upon the name of the Lord.
But Lot also, who was with Abram, had flocks of sheep, and herds of beasts, and tents.
Neither was the land able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, and they could not dwell together.
Whereupon also there arose a strife between the herdsmen of Abram and Lot. And at that time the Chanaanite and the Pherezite dwelled in that country.
Abram therefore said to Lot: Let there be no quarrel, I beseech thee, between me and thee, and between my herdsmen and thy herdsmen: for we are brethren.
Behold the whole land is before thee: depart from me, I pray thee: if thou wilt go to the left hand, I will take the right: if thou choose the right hand, I will pass to the left.
And Lot lifting up his eyes saw all the country about the Jordan, which was watered throughout, before the Lord destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, as the paradise of the Lord, and like Egypt as one comes to Segor.
And Lot chose to himself the country about the Jordan, and he departed from the east: and they were separated one brother from the other.
Who can replace them?
Are you Chaoui?
Are you Chaouis?
Abram dwelt in the land of Canaan, and Lot abode in the towns that were about the Jordan, and dwelt in Sodom.
And the men of Sodom were very wicked, and sinners before the face of the Lord beyond measure.
And the Lord said to Abram, after Lot was separated from him: Lift up thy eyes, and look from the place wherein thou now art, to the north and to the south, to the east and to the west.
All the land which thou seest, I will give to thee, and to thy seed for ever.
And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: if any man be able to number the dust of the earth, he shall be able to number thy seed also.
Arise and walk through the land in the length, and in the breadth thereof: for I will give it to thee.
So Abram removing his tent came and dwelt by the vale of Mambre, which is in Hebron: and he built there an altar to the Lord.
You could at least pretend to be interested in what I'm talking about.
He bought some flowers.
Are you ready for the bad news?
How often do the buses depart?
This book's main topic is the American revolution.
Is this your apple?
This afternoon it is going to rain.
The registration period is already over.
I hope to leave that city, and never come back.
This article is very good.
Is there a Chinese lawyer here?
What do you think she can do?
He has children.
He has the opportunity to pass the exam.
She says that she is content with her life.
But after that he had heard the words of the sons of Laban, saying: Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's, and being enriched by his substance is become great. And perceiving also, that Laban's countenance was not towards him as yesterday and the other day.
The summit conference contributed to world peace.
The flowering of literature contributed to the formation of a national identity.
Especially the Lord saying to him: Return into the land of thy fathers and to thy kindred, and I will be with thee.
He's Finnish.
He sent, and called Rachel and Lia into the field, where he fed the flocks, and said to them: I see your father's countenance is not towards me as yesterday and the other day: but the God of my father hath been with me. And you know that I have served your father to the uttermost of my power.
She's Dutch.
I'm not sure how long I'll be there.
It's very difficult to understand Tom.
I don't know what time I'll be home.
I don't know when I'll be home.
I went to see Tom, but he wasn't home.
Do you know anyone living in Boston?
Do you know anybody living in Boston?
People like Tom because he's friendly.
You all know how I feel about that.
I don't understand you who live like nothing's wrong.
Give me one kiss, two kisses, three kisses, darling.
Who is that man that you were talking to?
Who in your class is the best singer?
What kind of Japanese food do you like?
What's causing all the problems?
Who's that man standing in front of the building?
Who's that standing in front of that building?
Who's the person standing in front of that building?
When are you going to leave for Boston?
Who's that man you were talking to?
When do you plan to leave for Australia?
Who's the best singer in our company?
What's the average age of students in this class?
What do you call this flower in French?
The greek goes to sleep.
Please!
My strength is draining away. I'm losing consciousness.
"How are you?" "I'm fine."
The custom comes from China.
The whole valley is covered with yellow dandelions.
Yea your father hath also overreached me, and hath changed my wages ten times: and yet God hath not suffered him to hurt me.
Bring me a damp towel.
If at any time he said: The speckled shall be thy wages, all the sheep brought forth speckled; but when he said on the contrary: Thou shalt take all the white one for thy wages, all the flocks brought forth white ones.
And God hath taken your father's substance, and given it to me.
In Wales, it is compulsory for students to study chemistry at GCSE level (years old).
Their movement is very different from other primates, in particular in the shoulder joint.
The two types of monkeys are not particularly related to each other.
Without a doubt.
I never saw him cry.
Do you want to go to bed with me?
Do you think that you are qualified for that aspect of the work?
Has he already finished his homework?
Have you and her had a sexual relationship?
He mentioned a problem.
I don't know if I should cry or laugh.
If you do silly things, you must accept the consequences without complaining.
She passed the exam with ease.
Originally, you were very stubborn.
Eating lots at night can easily give you a nightmare.
He was the man that broke the window yesterday.
We do not belong to a political organisation.
He likes re-watching the old videotapes.
Do you know what I'm doing?
This child jumped onto the bed.
We weren't at home yesterday evening.
Many people change themselves, but nobody has a way of changing the world.
I need time and space.
I can provide my family with food and clothing.
Wear silk socks!
I am finding it very difficult to believe.
We come from Germany.
The weather is getting colder day by day.
I think it is my enemy.
There is no way of knowing where he is.
For after the time came of the ewes conceiving, I lifted up my eyes and saw in my sleep that the males which leaped upon the females were of divers colours, and spotted, and speckled.
The parents value their children's education.
We have not lost hope.
The teacher didn't receive my test.
And the angel of God said to me in my sleep: Jacob. And I answered: Here I am. And he said: Lift up thy eyes, and see that all the males leaping upon the females are of divers colours, spotted and speckled. For I have seen all that Laban hath done to thee.
I am the God of Bethel, where thou didst anoint the stone, and make a vow to me. Now therefore arise, and go out of this land, and return into thy native country.
His house is near the underground.
His house is near the underground station.
The fucking internet as we know it has been shat on.
She was behaving mysteriously.
Tom vanished under mysterious circumstances.
And Rachel and Lia answered: Have we any thing left among the goods and inheritance of our father's house?
There is something mysterious about the way Tom is behaving.
Somehow, Tom's behavior is mysterious.
The pocket edition is cheaper.
Hath he not counted us as strangers, and sold us, and eaten up the price of us?
I subscribed to two periodicals.
Our French teacher is Canadian.
Don't be upset that you're ugly. Just remember that you also have no friends.
"How long have you been living here?" "For three years."
I speak neither Japanese nor Chinese.
Fortunately, those times are over.
Eat a piece of cake.
He is walking quickly.
We need fish and meat.
I didn't expect to see you here at all.
You know it can't last forever.
Tom was the best blacksmith.
I don't give a damn whether I should add a dot there or not.
What is this, an interrogation?
Don't interrogate me.
We're waiting for the right moment.
But God hath taken our father's riches, and delivered them to us, and to our children: wherefore, do all that God hath commanded thee.
If you really think the sentence is poor, I'll be willing, of course, to delete this example.
Unlikely they will find out.
Every time I go to school I'm really happy.
He writes prose and poetry.
My father teaches English at college.
Our enemy now is doing the same thing.
A poor man can be happy as well.
Here is my number.
I understand you without words.
In my opinion, you're stupid.
Tom has lost all of his hair.
They cultivate fruit in here.
The victim has been transported to the hospital in serious condition.
Then Jacob rose up, and having set his children and wives upon camels, went his way.
We've never lost hope.
The harnessing of electricity changed the world.
They are policemen.
Freedom for Uyghurs.
I'll pick you up at noon.
I'll go to Boston tomorrow morning.
I can't say that I like Tom very much.
I drank much more than I should've.
How long has Tom been living with you?
I couldn't get the toilet to flush.
Tom and Mary wear the same size hats.
When are you returning to Boston?
I know better than to lend Tom money.
I have to help Tom. He's my own flesh and blood.
I'm only flesh and blood, like everybody else.
I couldn't tell Tom to leave. He's my own flesh and blood.
How can you treat your own flesh and blood that way?
Why do we have to be working on such a hot day?
What are you going to do next Monday?
Who's that man sitting in the corner?
What's the average height of the players?
Who's the manager of that baseball team?
Who's going to look after our dog?
Who's the man at the other side of the table?
Who'll take care of your cat then?
Why is Tom angry about something like that?
Why not talk to Tom about it directly?
Why did you say such a thing to Tom?
Why is it that Tom looks so sad?
Who's the boy that's swimming over there?
When did Tom leave Boston for Chicago?
How do you like Moscow?
Why didn't you try to get your money back?
Why don't you try to do that with Tom tomorrow?
It's official, I'm actually home.
You lied to me before. Why should I trust you now?
Do we have any homework that needs to be done by tomorrow?
And he took all his substance, and flocks, and whatsoever he had gotten in Mesopotamia, and went forward to Isaac, his father, to the land of Canaan.
At that time Laban was gone to sheer his sheep, and Rachel stole away her father's idols.
And Jacob would not confess to his father-in-law that he was flying away.
And when he was gone, together with all that belonged to him, and having passed the river, was going on towards mount Galaad, it was told Laban on the third day, that Jacob fled.
And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him seven days; and overtook him in the mount of Galaad.
And he saw in a dream God, saying to him: Take heed thou speak not any thing harshly against Jacob.
Today I finally worked up the bravery to say to her "I love you!"
This is not a school, this is a hospital.
Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mountain; and when he, with his brethren, had overtaken him, he pitched his tent in the same mount of Galaad.
I use a credit card to pay for things more often than cash.
This dentist was too expensive.
We have full reason to believe that it is true.
And he said to Jacob: Why hast thou done thus, to carry away, without my knowledge, my daughters as captives taken with the sword?
They already know the truth.
Why wouldst thou run away privately, and not acquaint me, that I might have brought thee on the way with joy, and with songs, and with timbrels, and with harps?
Thou hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and daughters; thou hast done foolishly; and now indeed it is in my power to return thee evil; but the God of your father said to me yesterday: Take heed thou speak not any thing harshly against Jacob.
Suppose thou didst desire to go to thy friends, and hadst a longing after thy father's house: why hast thou stolen away my gods?
Jacob answered: That I departed unknown to thee, it was for fear lest thou wouldst take away thy daughters by force.
But, whereas thou chargest me with theft, with whomsoever thou shalt find thy gods, let him be slain before our brethren. Search, and if thou find any of thy things with me, take them away. Now when he said this, he knew not that Rachel had stolen the idols.
Why's Tom angry about something like that?
This isn't a school. It's a hospital.
I'm talking to one of my students.
When was the last time that you told your wife that she was beautiful?
When was the last time you told your wife that she was beautiful?
When was the last time that you told your wife she was beautiful?
When was the last time that you ate dinner with your parents?
Why do you talk about Tom as if he were an old man?
Where on earth do you think Tom is going at this time of night?
Where on earth do you think that Tom is going at this time of night?
Who's the man sitting at the other end of the table?
Let's talk about it while we drink a cup of coffee.
Let's discuss it over a cup of coffee.
Tom told me he thinks that Mary is prettier than Alice.
Tom told me that he thinks that Mary is prettier than Alice.
Tom told me he thinks Mary is prettier than Alice.
Do you know the reason Tom was asked to do that?
Tom is my younger sister's husband.
Tom is my older sister's husband.
Mary is my brother's wife.
Mary is my older brother's wife.
Mary is my younger brother's wife.
Mary is my sister-in-law.
Mary is one of my sisters-in-law.
Tom is one of my brothers-in-law.
How many sisters-in-law do you have?
How many brothers-in-law do you have?
Tom said that you speak French better than Mary does.
Tom was worried that someone would discover details about his past.
This is the way it's always been.
Tom considers himself indispensable.
I don't know what'll happen next.
Supposedly, Tom is a good carpenter.
Australia is a wonderful country.
I went to Tom's graduation ceremony.
You've given me so much already.
Tom is still sick in bed, isn't he?
I want to get up early tomorrow.
You can't go downstairs now.
Tom is upstairs sleeping, isn't he?
You can't help how you feel.
Tom borrowed Mary's pencil.
You may have another cookie.
I don't know where Tom's gloves are.
He doesn't want to go to the mosque.
He stays in the mosque all day long.
He's in the mosque.
He will never go to a mosque again.
You're not going to the mosque today.
He prays in the mosque.
I'm not going to the mosque.
It's hot in this mosque.
This mosque doesn't have air conditioning.
This mosque doesn't have AC.
A fight broke out in the mosque.
He goes to the mosque every Friday.
I'm not going to the mosque tomorrow.
He never goes to the mosque.
He went to the mosque.
I don't want to go to the mosque.
I was not going to the mosque.
I think you should go to the mosque.
I decided to go to the mosque.
He didn't want to go to the mosque.
He got to the mosque at four o'clock.
He was sitting in the mosque.
He was glad that I was in the mosque.
He loves going to the mosque.
Who could be calling me at this hour?
Everybody was in the mosque.
They went to the mosque to pray.
Every village in Kabylie has a mosque.
He was sitting as still as a statue in the mosque.
I have never heard the Quran before.
When I converted to Islam, I started to change radically.
Don't let the separatists take part in your marches with their flag.
So Laban went into the tent of Jacob, and of Lia, and of both the handmaids, and found them not. An when he was entered into Rachel's tent, she, in haste, hid the idols under the camel's furniture, and sat upon them.
Tiziri is Algerian.
Amayas is Algerian.
Layla is Palestinian.
And when he had searched all the tent, and founding nothing, she said: Let not my lord be angry that I cannot rise up before thee, because it has now happened to me according to the custom of women. So his careful search was in vain.
He cut me off from his life.
I am Palestinian.
George is Lebanese.
Are you Lebanese?
Sami is Syrian.
They are Syrians.
We are Syrians.
Are you Syrian?
I am Lebanese.
I can read Berber.
I still teach Berber.
I took a break from teaching Berber.
He took a break from learning Berber.
Layla is Syrian.
I film all my videos in Berber.
I haven't spoken Berber in a long time.
We had a conversation in Berber.
Why are you talking to me in Berber?
I went into the mosque.
He hangs around the mosque sometimes.
She's talking to someone in Berber.
Mohamed Fellag is an Algerian comedian.
And Jacob being angry said in a chiding manner: For what fault of mine, and for what offence on my part hast thou so hotly pursued me, and searched all my household stuff? What hast thou found of all the substance of thy house? lay it here before my brethren, and thy brethren, and let them judge between me and thee.
I am Syrian.
Have I therefore been with thee twenty years? thy ewes and goats were not barren, the rams of thy flocks I did not eat; neither did I shew thee that which the beast had torn; I made good all the damage: whatsoever was lost by theft, thou didst exact it of me.
I heard them speaking in Berber.
I don't understand Berber.
You need to learn Berber.
We speak the same Berber dialect.
I'm wearing a Kabyle dress.
We need to learn Berber this year.
I can't study Berber.
He has plenty of books.
We lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
I always speak Berber with my dad.
He almost got arrested for speaking Berber.
You need to speak Berber here.
They kicked him out of the school for speaking Berber.
The enemies of the Berber language are our enemies.
If you hate the Berber language, then you're my enemy.
The enemies of Berber unity are our enemies.
I never speak Berber.
He brought the figs from Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm in Berber class.
I study Berber every day.
She hates Berber.
I need a Berber dictionary.
I bought a new Berber dictionary.
I forgot my Berber dictionary at home.
What's my dictionary doing on the kitchen counter?
This soil is rich in humus.
She never speaks Berber with her parents.
She doesn't study Berber anymore.
Her life is ruined because of that injury she had from the accident.
Day and night was I parched with heat, and with frost, and sleep departed from my eyes.
She wanted to learn Berber.
I have a Berber name.
I don't live in Kabylie, Algeria, anymore.
I wrote the comments in Berber.
A noise woke them up.
He really needed to learn Berber.
They are a popular artist.
Kabyle girls are attractive.
The days of the separatist project are numbered.
Many separatists are being kicked out of the rallies and marches organized by Algerians.
Does she like China?
The separatist flag is unwanted in Algerian marches.
She has no bicycle.
She is writing a letter.
She's afraid of the sea.
She brushes her teeth.
He brushes the horse.
If he tells you to wash, you should instead get dirty.
If he tells you to wash, you should get dirty instead.
And in this manner have I served thee in thy house twenty years, fourteen for thy daughters, and six for thy flocks: thou hast changed also my wages ten times.
Unless the God of my father, Abraham, and the fear of Isaac had stood by me, peradventure now thou hadst sent me away naked: God beheld my affliction and the labour of my hands, and rebuked thee yesterday.
Larbi Ben M'hidi is Algerian.
Malek Bennabi was an Algerian writer and philosopher.
Carefully cut it while holding it in your hands.
You say this to me a lot.
Look, it's so pretty!
He excels over the other people in his class.
This is a highly developed civilisation.
He has a lot of authority.
We are going to sleep.
The company manager decided on the work plan.
I don't dare to kill animals.
Do you finally understand?
What are you doing on 5p.m. on Monday?
Maria is my adopted daughter.
Don't sigh like that.
Don't sigh.
What did the friends talk about?
Tom often has trouble choosing what to wear.
I might eat.
There's no need to lie.
Find yourself a decent suit.
Buy yourself a decent suit.
You all know how I feel about Tom.
Do you want to visit Australia?
Tom wants to know more about Mary.
Everybody but me could do that.
Tom is short for his age, isn't he?
I couldn't get my point across.
Tom is still on the team, isn't he?
Mary is my adopted daughter.
Tom is my adopted son.
We adopted Tom when he was three.
We adopted Tom when he was three years old.
Mary is my stepdaughter.
Tom is my stepson.
All of our children are adopted.
I use a credit card to pay for things more often than I use cash.
I seldom use cash anymore. I usually use a credit card.
Our French teacher is a Canadian.
Tom is going to come over later, isn't he?
No, it isn't easy.
That's too complicated for me.
I might eat lunch with Tom.
I might eat that later if I get really hungry.
I might eat a snack at 2:30.
I might have to skip lunch.
What'll we tell Tom?
I don't understand why you don't like Tom.
Mary made breakfast for the children.
Mary made breakfast for the kids.
What'll we tell the others?
That's way too complicated for me.
I thought that it was common knowledge.
Tom is our foster son.
Mary is our foster daughter.
We had to be there.
Does Tom know me?
Why's Tom looking at me?
Why did Tom remain in Boston?
Wasn't Mary your girlfriend?
Please stay here. I'll be right back.
Tom stayed at a nice hotel in Boston.
Is Tom healthy?
That is my doll.
Where did Tom buy these books?
How old was Tom when he got married?
Do you know how Tom's father died?
They said it couldn't be done.
I haven't heard from Tom recently.
This food is too spicy for me.
Tom gave me more than I asked for.
Was the French test difficult?
Tom is a very well-known novelist.
Where are you studying French?
What did you and your friends talk about?
Shrapnel from the grenade was found in his head.
She cut her finger on a shard of glass.
I haven't gone back to Algeria in almost ten years.
I don't want to go back to Kabylie, Algeria.
My family is from Kabylie, Algeria.
I used to go to Kabylie, Algeria, every summer.
I wanted to go to Kabylie, Algeria.
I was going to spend the summer in Kabylie, Algeria.
I loved spending my summer in Kabylie, Algeria.
She is my foster daughter.
My kids grew up in Kabylie, Algeria.
I often go to Kabylie, Algeria.
My parents are from Kabylie, Algeria.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, with my cousins.
My native village is in Kabylie, Algeria.
His girlfriend is from Kabylie, Algeria.
I love Kabyle music.
I like Kabyle music.
This song is in Berber.
We were dancing to Kabyle music.
Kabyle food is delicious.
I love Kabyle couscous.
I have a house in Kabylie, Algeria.
I purchased a piece of land in Kabylie, Algeria.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, by myself.
She has never been to Kabylie, Algeria.
I went to Kabyle, Algeria, without my brother.
I was leaving Bejaia.
I went back to Kabylie, Algeria.
He was kidnapped in Kabylie, Algeria.
He's currently in Kabylie, Algeria.
I have to go to Kabylie, Algeria.
This has affected me my whole life.
I have spent my whole life in Kabylie.
She was kidnapped in Kabylie, Algeria.
This happened in Kabylie, Algeria.
We made it out of Kabylie alive.
We talked about Kabylie, Algeria.
He has a restaurant in Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm going to Kabylie, Algeria.
I wanted to stay in Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm leaving for Kabylie, Algeria.
I stayed in Kabylie, Algeria, with my aunt.
I met Taninna in Kabylie, Algeria.
I celebrated my birthday in Kabylie, Algeria.
We celebrated Yennayer in Kabylie, Algeria.
My mom lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
They shouldn't be in Kabylie, Algeria, for so long.
They came back from Kabylie, Algeria.
Kabylie, Algeria, is relatively safe now.
Kabylie, a Berber-speaking region in Algeria, doesn't need separatist terrorists.
I'm in Kabylie, Algeria.
My cousins live in Kabylie, Algeria.
Say it in Berber.
We are going to go to Kabylie, Algeria.
He wanted to die in Kabylie, Algeria.
He wanted to be buried in Kabylie, Algeria.
He's buried in Kabylie, Algeria.
His mother is buried in Kabylie, Algeria.
It's difficult to drive a semi truck in the narrow roads of Kabylie, Algeria.
He was almost kidnapped in Kabylie, Algeria.
Kabylie is one of the most beautiful regions in Algeria.
I'm a girl from Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm a boy from Kabylie, Algeria.
This corn field is in Kabylie, Algeria.
She saved my life
She saved my life.
I need to go back to Kabylie, Algeria.
I can't let you go back to Kabylie, Algeria, by youself.
I like your Kabyle dress.
There is nothing wrong with speaking Berber in public.
She's from Kabylie, Algeria.
She lives in Bejaia, a city located in Kabylie, Algeria.
This happened after I came back from Kabylie, Algeria.
I filmed this video in Kabylie, Algeria.
I study abroad, in Algeria.
I flew to Algeria, and from Algeria, to Canada.
I study in Kabylie, Algeria.
It smells like olive oil.
She got kidnapped in Kabylie, Algeria.
I bought a house in Kabylie, Algeria.
She tried to convince me to stay with her in Kabylie, Algeria.
She convinced me to stay with her in Kabylie, Algeria.
I love Berber.
Thank God they speak Berber.
Laban answered him: The daughters are mine, and the children, and thy flocks, and all things that thou seest are mine: what can I do to my children, and grandchildren?
She started talking in Berber.
I flew to Kabylie, Algeria.
We got married in Kabylie, Algeria.
We honeymooned in Kabylie, Algeria.
He goes to Kabylie, Algeria, every summer.
He often goes to Kabylie, Algeria.
He was talking to me in Berber.
He's talking to me in Berber.
Your Kabyle fiancee is so pretty.
His Kabyle fiancee is gorgeous.
He left to Kabylie, Algeria, in May.
He was going to Kabylie, Algeria.
I don't need to go to Kabylie, Algeria.
She sent me a text message in Berber.
Come, therefore, let us enter into a league; that it may be for a testimony between me and thee.
Taninna was in Bejaia, Algeria, for modeling.
Ahmed Zabana is Algerian.
He wanted to go to Kabylie, Algeria.
I should go to Kabylie, Algeria.
What are you doing in Kabylie?
It was my first time going to Kabylie, Algeria.
I wanted to go alone to Kabylie, Algeria.
Let's go together to Kabylie.
Do I really have to wear a Kabyle dress?
You look sexy in this Kabyle dress.
She's really cute in her Kabyle dress.
She changed into her Kabyle dress.
Kabyles are Algerians.
He didn't want to live in Kabylie, Algeria, anymore.
Have a good time in Kabylie.
I hope you enjoyed your stay in Kabylie.
We are talking about the Berber language.
I bought her a Kabyle dress.
She bought a new Kabyle dress.
I absolutely love this Kabyle dress.
She fell in love with that Kabyle dress.
She doesn't like Kabyle dresses.
How not to fall in love with this Kabyle dress?
She bought her daugther a very expensive Kabyle dress.
This Kabyle dress is only fifteen dollars.
And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a title. And he said to his brethren: Bring hither stones. And they, gathering stones together, made a heap, and they ate upon it.
Her mother makes Kabyle dresses.
Are Kabyle dresses expensive?
She's gonna love that Kabyle dress.
She's really busy, making a Kabyle dress for her daughter.
Her Kabyle dress is perfect.
Let me show you my Kabyle dress.
I was going to Kabylie, Algeria.
This is her favorite Kabyle dress.
He bought her a beautiful Kabyle dress for their engagement.
We arrived in Kabylie, Algeria, on Wednesday.
They drove us to Kabylie, Algeria.
We came to Kabylie, Algeria, for no reason.
She didn't want him to pay for her Kabyle dress.
She refused to allow him to pay for her Kabyle dress.
Her mother is going to pay for her Kabyle dress.
"Her name is Taninna." "What a cool name!" "It's a Kabyle name."
He speaks proper Berber.
This is not proper Berber.
Please speak in proper Berber.
I like this Kabyle dress.
It's not far from Bejaia at all.
My friend and I would go to Kabylie, Algeria, all the time.
He is from Kabylie, Algeria.
He is in the army and he is stationed in Kabylie, Algeria.
He was stationed in Kabylie, Algeria.
He messaged me in Berber.
He was dating a Kabyle girl at the time.
"Where is my cactus?" "On the windowsill."
A pencil and pen are lying on the windowsill.
She is my ward.
She immediately took the boy into her custody.
We were stranded in Bejaia, Algeria.
He was really into Kabyle music.
He's dating a Kabyle girl.
And Laban called it 'The witness heap'; and Jacob, 'The hillock of testimony': each of them according to the propriety of his language.
He said he was Kabyle, too.
I'm Kabyle and Taninna is Kabyle, too.
We spoke in Berber all the time.
And Laban said: This heap shall be a witness between me and thee this day, and therefore the name thereof was called Galaad, that is, The witness heap. The Lord behold and judge between us, when we shall be gone one from the other.
If thou afflict my daughters, and if thou bring in other wives over them: none is witness of our speech but God, who is present and beholdeth.
I invited him to come in.
He always speaks only of his own people, his own language, his own history and his own culture.
I know exactly where I am going.
And he said again to Jacob: Behold this heap, and the stone which I have set up between me and thee, shall be a witness: this heap, I say, and the stone, be they for a testimony, if either I shall pass beyond it going towards thee, or thou shalt pass beyond it thinking harm to me.
I registered Tatoeba.org five years ago today.
The God of Abraham, and the God of Nachor, the God of their father, judge between us. And Jacob swore by the fear of his father Isaac. And after he had offered sacrifices in the mountain, he called his brethren to eat bread. And when they had eaten, they lodged there.
This family has a five year old child.
She is holding flowers in her hand.
In short, it was a great party.
What do I need to do right now?
Learning about the way the Earth has formed is a very interesting thing.
It really is very annoying.
John is my good friend.
She is Anna; Anna and Louis are coworkers.
We want to go to the hotel.
He drunk wine, so he is slightly drunk.
Our love is mutual.
Ice melts to become water.
I am well-informed about this topic.
Breathing has become difficult.
Can't you help me look for my wallet?
I hope I can get my wish fulfilled.
The teacher is teaching.
But Laban arose in the night, and kissed his sons and daughters, and blessed them: and returned to his place.
A typhoon has also started to rise.
She is a young artist.
According to the weather report, tomorrow will be a fine day.
A lot of housewives complain about the high prices of goods.
After a long day of looking at a computer, don't you feel tired?
The satellite came flying over Hanoi.
This really is a nice surprise!
Our team scored the first goal.
Nobody can guess her age.
He believes that he is a doctor.
How many sisters and brothers do you have?
What I hate most of all is having to recite texts from memory.
In this tomb from the Han dynasty, a book was found.
There is an important ruin hidden under this gym.
The French lost the battle of Waterloo.
Their arsenal is very powerful.
He didn't even say goodbye to me.
Saying goodbye is never easy.
It's never easy to say goodbye.
The plane arrived on schedule.
Please don't make me go there.
I can't speak French fluently.
Tom didn't have any other choice.
Do you intend to go to Boston?
I think Tom has misunderstood me.
Did you pass your French test?
The decision is ours to make.
Tom and Mary don't like dancing.
There isn't anyone in there.
These three books belong to Tom.
Stay up as long as you want.
I don't like the way Tom smiles.
This really is a nice surprise.
I know exactly where I'm going.
That was a really nice surprise.
By daybreak, the storm was over.
I told Tom that we were going to Australia for a few weeks.
We'll need to find our way out this cave.
Her picture is really beautiful.
Sir, be careful, it's slippery!
One of the reeds of my harmonica has gone flat.
I need to put new strings on my guitar.
I need to buy a new clarinet reed.
I dented my French horn this morning.
One of the keys on my piano doesn't work.
I broke one of my drumsticks last night.
I sometimes run into Tom at the club.
I can't imagine how it'll turn out.
Tom is just trying to save face.
Be careful. It's slippery.
Roughly one thousand, give or take ten per cent.
Tom lost all of his hair.
Tom lost all his hair.
There's something mysterious about the way Tom is behaving.
Tatoeba is an amazing website!
We aren't related by blood.
You all did an amazing job.
You all did a very good job.
You all did a fantastic job.
They're policemen.
Those guys over there are policemen.
They're police officers.
They stole my idea.
This heating equipment uses diesel as fuel.
I visit my father twice a year.
There will be a lot of birthday cards sent soon.
She never wears makeup, but she always looks very charming.
There is a group of people who don't agree.
My father goes for a walk every morning.
This is really difficult to deal with.
I have two tickets to the baths, do you want to come with me today?
I am sorry for disappointing you.
These computers use batteries to operate.
I still need to win more.
Anger is punishing yourself for other people's mistakes.
I still want to get a lot.
The sentence on the blackboard was erased.
I should obey.
I think that he will definitely become a teacher.
I feel happy in her firm.
He is keeping an eye out.
What hope is there of a cure?
Recently, this area's international relations have become very tense.
My life is totally different now.
I was still trying to figure out what I wanted to do with my life.
I got a text message in Berber.
I studied Berber in high school.
I told the joke in Berber.
He wanted to buy a house in Kabylie, Algeria.
He went to Kabylie, Algeria, by himself.
He genuinely wanted to buy a bar in Kabylie, Algeria.
He owns a car dealership in Kabylie, Algeria.
He runs a body shop in Kabylie, Algeria.
We celebrate Yennayer every year.
I'm sick of the separatist propaganda.
Iacob also went on the journey he had begun: and the angels of God met him.
Our rear will be protected.
They spent more time together.
They were texting in Berber.
And when he saw them, he said: These are the camps of God, and called the name of that place Mahanaim, that is, Camps.
And he sent messengers before him to Esau, his brother, to the land of Seir, to the country of Edom.
Do you speak Aragonese?
And he commanded them, saying: Thus shall ye speak to my lord Esau: Thus saith thy brother Jacob: I have sojourned with Laban, and have been with him until this day. I have oxen, and asses, and sheep, and menservants, and womenservants: and now I send a message to my lord, that I may find favour in thy sight.
I can't be bothered to go home!
Have you seen that painting hanging there on the wall?
They look like the three caravels to me.
And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying: We came to Esau, thy brother, and behold he cometh with speed to meet thee with four hundred men.
It looks like he found it by accident to me.
Then I'll prove it to you!
Leave all hope!
This here isn't America.
They found themselves in a forest.
You make me lose my patience.
He went in front of this commission.
Who knows where she was?
The US declared independence from Great Britain in 1776.
How many siblings does he have?
How many siblings does she have?
I don't have enough money to buy another house.
You always have an excuse.
They want to leave.
This isn't the company it used to be.
No one would say it.
Then Jacob was greatly afraid; and in his fear divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and the sheep, and the oxen, and the camels, into two companies, saying: If Esau come to one company, and destroy it, the other company that is left shall escape.
I don't know when she will come back.
The two of us almost missed the bus.
We both almost missed the bus.
This is his car. The other one is mine.
White hair is very fashionable at the moment.
All of the birds want to fly.
Your sister is lazier than all the other students.
He could not contain his wrath.
Yuba was an Amazigh king.
He was deeply touched by the story.
I was touched by this movie.
The artist painted standing up.
The audience gave them a standing ovation.
The coal industry is dying.
In synagogues, they like to pray standing up.
In synagogues, people often pray standing up.
A bar is provided for those who like strong drinks.
And Jacob said: O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac: O Lord who saidst to me, Return to thy land, and to the place of thy birth, and I will do well for thee, I am not worthy of the least of all thy mercies, and of thy truth which thou hast fulfilled to thy servant.
Do you guys have any real coffee?
The river water has a color between yellow and brown.
Yesterday I worked until late evening.
If he cannot come, you will have to replace him.
The senator affirmed his dedication to his voters.
We now spend most of our life in artificial places.
Mr. Brown is teaching his son Chinese.
They say that in the US anyone can become President, but perhaps that is not completely true.
Tomorrow there will not be classes.
Dad bought a new bicycle for me.
WikiLeaks is a website which publishes government, commercial, and religious documents which previously were secret.
The police did not establish something suspicious.
We don't have classes tomorrow.
The police didn't find anything suspicious.
Tom is only going to the garden party to fill his belly.
Maria has long, dark hair and brown eyes.
His clothes did not suit his age.
Animal cloning is possible, we have already done that.
There is no grocery store nearby.
I prefer poetry in French!
Mary has long, dark hair and brown eyes.
I'm not going to walk there.
I almost never eat lunch with Tom.
You're deceiving yourselves.
Tom couldn't escape.
You should serve dinner now.
I'm a Canadian citizen.
I'm so not cool.
I'll come to Australia and help you build your house.
I'm glad I saw Tom.
Tom is such a crybaby.
I'm going to try to get a ride with Tom.
I'm not a great singer.
I'm too old for Mary.
I'm sure Tom will go.
I'm good at giving advice.
I'm after Tom.
I'm teaching French.
I'm going to buy this book.
I'm years old.
I'm very interested in what you have to say.
I'm very interested in listening to what you have to say.
Tom explained to Mary why it wasn't advisable for her to do that.
"What do you think Tom and Mary would say if they knew we were here?" "They would be speechless."
Tom is one of the rudest people I've ever met.
"Do Tom and I really have to do that?" "Yes, of course. There's no getting around it."
You're drop-dead gorgeous.
With my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I return with two companies. Deliver me from the hand of my brother Esau, for I am greatly afraid of him; lest perhaps he come and kill the mother with the children.
Thou didst say that thou wouldst do well by me, and multiply my seed like the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude.
My grandfather was born in Kabylie, Algeria.
Kabylie, Algeria, is beautiful.
He never left Kabylie, Algeria.
The eight family members who had supplied Newport with up to 2.million pounds worth of drugs have been imprisoned.
Who from Wales has crossed over the Atlantic and succeeded in America and Canada?
And when he had slept there that night, he set apart, of the things which he had, presents for his brother Esau: two hundred she-goats, twenty he-goats, two hundred ewes, and twenty rams, thirty milch camels with their colts, forty kine, and twenty bulls, twenty she-asses, and ten of their foals.
American football, baseball, basketball and ice hockey are seen as the typical sports of North America.
Dyfed-Powys police said that the man died at the scene after being hit by a red Renault Clio.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Powys.
We see that children with bad behaviour due to their learning difficulties are more likely to get excluded.
'Some schools are better at providing pastoral support to children', he said.
'Some schools are better at providing pastoral support to children', she said.
Liz's son's behaviour started to deteriorate when he started secondary school.
According to an expert, the experience can be a 'huge shock' to families.
She is brushing her teeth.
There is a call for more support for families when their child is excluded from school.
She lives in a village.
He walked out of the room.
I installed an anti-theft device onto my bike.
The weather is so hot, I just don't want to go out.
This cake has a cheesy taste.
I want to go to France for my vacation.
However, there are fewer people learning Chinese, so I think Chinese people are not too familiar with the foreign accents and mistakes.
Mum is making a cake.
That butterfly has died.
Her tears have already told me what has happened.
He looks a lot like his father.
I hate people who make small talk in quiet public places.
Before you put the noodles in the pot, you have to break them up into small pieces.
Can I serve you?
The country's largest estimated cause of death is suicide.
Are you a philatelist?
The quality of salmon being sold here is high.
She was happy to come, but she was on holiday.
They are looking for trouble.
Do people from your country eat kelp?
Have you eaten a piece of raw fish?
There are holes in the ceiling.
You are welcome to join us.
You love your own body.
Do you want to drink some water?
My father and I go fishing from time to time.
He is a slowcoach.
I believe this type of medicine will help your illness.
The bags from this brand are too expensive.
I want your peaceful appearance.
Someone was coerced to kill the politician.
I made a big decision today.
She is crying, smiling and shouting; it's hard to watch.
The table legs were put on well by him.
Would you like some tea and coffee?
His condition has improved.
People are not willing to lend money to people who aren't trustworthy.
Mum bought us a puppy.
He caught butterflies.
What is the weather like next Sunday?
Starting from today, I am going to learn a little Japanese.
Didn't you wash your face this morning?
Hanoi is the capital city of Vietnam.
Does the tooth fairy speak Berber?
He was pretty much fluent in Berber.
She was pretty much fluent in three languages, Berber, Arabic, and French.
He ended up in Algeria, working for an oil company.
He moved to Kabylie, Algeria.
He owned a store in Kabylie, Algeria.
He went to Kabylie, Algeria.
My dad is still in Algeria.
I'm an Algerian citizen.
My father is still in Algeria.
Their love is mutual.
Humans are very capricious beings.
No, I'll never lie to him.
No one likes to lose.
No one likes to be defeated.
You didn't tell her what we wrote in that letter.
We fed the fish.
We've fed the fish.
Mary is a leftist.
He's living under the same roof as his ex-wife.
I'll paint my gray house blue.
Experience is what we get when we don't get what we want.
We're on a long walk.
It's important for the students to know what to expect on the exam.
It's important for the students to know what to expect on the test.
Women and men are equally bad drivers.
I'm going to paint my gray house blue.
Has he already come?
You watch TV every evening.
He went to the USA last week.
My pronouns are they/them.
I go by they/them pronouns.
It's a very important organisation.
You couldn't turn the radio down, could you?
Tom doesn't know the difference between a brook and a river.
Tom doesn't know what distinguishes a brook from a river.
He laughed so hard that he almost fell off his chair.
It's often said the best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker.
I'm not so cool.
I might eat lunch at 2:30.
Nobody likes to lose.
Did you wash your face this morning?
Mom bought us a puppy.
Our mother bought a puppy for us.
They're looking for trouble.
What did Tom do with all the money?
Does Tom know your phone number?
Does Tom know your telephone number?
Who cares when Tom gets married?
Will Tom go to Boston next year?
Does Tom work in the kitchen?
Tom doesn't know the difference between a stream and a river.
What's the difference between a stream and a river?
Has Tom finished writing the book yet?
Has Tom finished reading the book yet?
Has Tom finished illustrating the book yet?
Why is Tom so quiet?
Is Tom a computer programmer?
Isn't Tom a computer programmer?
Does Tom work here in Boston?
Is Mary a pretty girl?
Everyone there, myself included, voted to end the trip early.
Why did Tom interrupt me?
I'm working from home today.
Tom's dog is very well trained.
I sleep better at night now.
Tom climbed up the rope ladder.
I need to leave a bit early.
Supposedly, Tom is a good cook.
I couldn't solve the puzzle.
Tom quickly ate his breakfast.
Who's the lady at the door?
Tom is unlikely to come today.
On the plate there is a piece of chicken, a potato and some peas.
His speech has had a positive effect on all of his coworkers.
It is already five, and I have still not gone to sleep.
Maintain rational thought.
Are you already home?
It will rain this morning.
I want to believe in Tom.
The good thing about winter is that there are no mosquitos.
What do you have planned tomorrow?
We want to protect both society and the environment.
Have you chosen well?
That's right, I am talking about the mistake in this sentence.
My view and yours are completely different.
Concerning the content below, I want to verify two things.
Narcissism means 'to be more confident'.
The budding of the peach tree is very beautiful.
The window overlooks the courtyard.
He was angry and hit her.
This is very expensive.
I promise that I will send you to prison.
Love and hope helped her to recover quickly.
Have you seen that river?
Tom eats breakfast at in the morning every day.
I miss them.
I participated in a photography competition.
This is a small border town.
A person's happiness does not come from owning a lot, but from caring about little.
This shop's apples are not big.
Are you and Tom leaving together?
I'd like to help him, but I don't know how.
Always work hard for tomorrow!
Your body was always very healthy; why are you suddenly in the hospital?
The Chinese mainland's coasts are surrounded by the Bohai sea, the Yellow Sea, the East China sea and the South China sea.
He has already used up all of his money.
Therefore, for the glorious God, you must accept each other, and accept Jesus Christ in the same way.
Turn into this alley.
No, I'll never lie to her.
I'm going to lose the whole morning.
Where did the boy fall?
I'll have to change my glasses.
Do you have any more milk?
Do you guys have any more milk?
This isn't the house I dreamt of buying.
We also have digits on our feet.
They are fulfilling the mitzva of taking in guests.
There are people speaking Mandarin.
Concerning this problem, our views are not the same.
The results of the Chinese Academy of Sciences' survey are like this.
You are Spanish, right?
I think he is going to come, but I'm not sure.
We think that it is dangerous to climb mountains alone.
Food is what matters to people.
The leaves slowly fell.
She was blindfolded.
I want a little bottle of water.
Will she come this evening?
Have a blessed Isra and Mi'raj.
I did everything I could to help Tom, and this is how he repays me.
Tom turned out to be a backstabber.
You're supposed to appreciate that.
You should appreciate that.
I know them both.
Has anybody seen my phone?
Lucy dreams of becoming a veterinarian and healing animals.
Lucy dreams of becoming a veterinarian and treating animals.
He does not intend to come.
Will Tom come this evening?
The peacock is a feathered rainbow.
The dry leaves were carried by the wind like feathers.
Why did you listen to Tom?
How will you stop Tom?
Does Tom still have a temperature?
We still hadn't arrived.
I can't understand his theory at all.
Where do you usually go to play?
You should watch that movie sometime; it's very interesting.
I don't think you need to worry so much; you'll be fine.
My grandmother on my mother's side turned 100.
Instead of saying up-front that you can't do it, maybe you could try challenging yourself.
I was talking to Tom yesterday, and when I told him I was interested in programming he recommended Python to me. Mary, do you know anything about it?
I eat pork with a fork.
If no one else will say it, then I'll say it as many times as you need to hear it. Thank you for living.
How would I know where Tom is?
How did Tom come here?
Drink the soup while it is hot.
I'm Paul, your room mate.
In that age, men and women wore similar hairstyles.
Why are you pushing all responsibilities to others?
I was in school yesterday morning.
Call me if you discover anything.
I would like to have this soup.
It will soon be daybreak and I have to leave.
I'm not going to give you any money.
She speaks very fast.
Are you doing that right now?
I didn't want to see Tom leave.
You've been unusually quiet.
They've been unusually quiet.
If it rains tonight, I am not going to go out.
I haven't seen them for ages.
Tom is a friend of Turks.
Tom is a Turk-hater.
If you are not paying for it, you are the product.
She's really annoyed that she wasn't given a raise.
Tom didn't get the raise he'd been promised.
Tom is upset because he didn't get the raise that he'd been promised.
Tom didn't get the raise that he'd been promised.
Tom is upset because he didn't get the raise he'd been promised.
If it rains tonight, I'm not going to go out.
We've wasted a lot of time.
I'll take my chances with Tom.
This cucumber is very long.
What's Tom hoping to achieve?
The dog is in the backyard.
Tom is majoring in economics.
Put that back where it was.
Is Tom aware of his mistakes?
