He waited.
She waited.
Mary waited.
He landed.
She landed.
Mary landed.
We landed.
They landed.
You flew.
He flew.
You are humming.
Open it!
My God!
Ignore him!
Be strong!
A series of explosions left the laboratory in ruins.
I have been waiting for the bus for an hour.
I have French classes via Skype.
The pen I used to write is red.
They are eating a pizza with blue sausage and blue sauce.
How would you react if your wife told you that?
The party with the most votes got fifty-one percent of the votes.
Strange things happened that night.
I don't understand why that is important.
We aren't going anywhere in this rain.
Sometimes we go for a drive.
Today is the twenty-seventh of March.
Luis María Mirón prefers the train to the airplane.
Tom is an arrogant prick.
If you see any mistakes, please send a message.
But they that held darts, provoked him, and quarrelled with him, and envied him.
In the beginning, in Greek mythology, the story of Europe was a love story.
If the world is saved, it will only be on account of children.
Tom threw a milkshake at Nigel Farage.
His bow rested upon the strong, and the bands of his arms and his hands were loosed, by the hands of the mighty one of Jacob: thence he came forth a pastor, the stone of Israel.
The God of thy father shall be thy helper, and the Almighty shall bless thee with the blessings of heaven above, with the blessings of the deep that lieth beneath, with the blessings of the breasts and of the womb.
The blessings of thy father are strengthened with the blessings of his fathers: until the desire of the everlasting hills should come: may they be upon the head of Joseph, and upon the crown of the Nazarite among his brethren.
Benjamin a ravenous wolf, in the morning shall eat the prey, and in the evening shall divide the spoil.
All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: these things their father spoke to them, and he blessed every one with their proper blessings.
And he charged them, saying: I am now going to be gathered to my people: bury me with my fathers in the double cave, which is in the field of Ephron the Hethite, over against Mambre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought together with the field, of Ephron the Hethite, for a possession to bury in.
There they buried him, and Sara his wife: there was Isaac buried with Rebecca, his wife: there also Lia doth lie buried.
And when he had ended the commandments, wherewith he instructed his sons, he drew up his feet upon the bed, and died: and he was gathered to his people.
He could not take his eyes off her.
Tom and Mary are evenly matched.
Tom and Mary were evenly matched.
It was not my proudest moment.
That was not my proudest moment.
It was not Tom's proudest moment.
That was not Tom's proudest moment.
It was Tom's proudest moment.
It was my proudest moment.
That was my proudest moment.
I couldn't wait to tell Tom.
Tom couldn't wait to tell Mary.
I wished I was somewhere else.
Tom wished he was somewhere else.
Mary wished she was somewhere else.
Tom asked Mary if she would dance with him.
She was not exactly thrilled to see him.
He was not exactly thrilled to see her.
Tom was not exactly thrilled to see Mary.
It wasn't exactly my proudest moment.
It wasn't exactly your proudest moment.
It wasn't exactly Tom's proudest moment.
It wasn't exactly Mary's proudest moment.
"What is your dream for the future, Tom?" "Mine? I want to become a househusband!"
At a tourist attraction in Kingston, Ontario, Canada the welcome sign was in six languages, but not in Esperanto.
Roses are Mary's favorite flower.
Tom has a squint.
Tom won't be right.
Tom will be wrong.
Tom will be right.
Orchids were her favorite flower.
I put my wife's glasses on by mistake.
The girl has spent all day crying.
Isn't my friend Maltese?
Is my friend not Maltese?
This item has rotted.
This item has gone bad.
This item is rotten.
She is tall and slender.
Have you ever seen an elephant?
Tom is older than anyone else here.
A strong smell of cannabis hung in the air.
Sorry! I'm not good at explaining.
A human is an animal who can occasionally think about death.
I ran as fast as I could in order to reach her.
Orchids are my favorite flower.
I ran as fast as I could in order to catch up with Tom.
I ran as fast as I could to catch up with Tom.
Tom is likely to get lost.
I'm going to give up.
Tom is going to be so mad.
I was plenty nervous.
Tom is counting money now.
I was feeling guilty.
Did Tom get there in time?
I need a bigger room.
Have a good evening!
Good evening; how're you doing?
I won't complain about that.
Even though I slept for twelve hours, I'm still sleepy.
Tom isn't very patriotic.
I heard my pants rip.
Tom is likely to confess.
I heard a loud noise.
Tom is dating a Canadian.
I have so much to do.
Tom is a real tough guy.
I'm very fond of Tom.
Out you go!
I did it following your advice.
Return that book when you have read it, please.
There are security cameras all around here.
I like a lot of money.
Tom looks very healthy.
Have you fed the cat?
Tom majored in geology.
Did you remember to lock the car?
Was Tom seriously hurt?
I didn't get a raise.
Tom used to wear a wig.
I don't like spinach.
And when Joseph saw this, he fell upon his father's face, weeping and kissing him.
And he commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father.
And while they were fulfilling his commands, there passed forty days: for this was the manner with bodies that were embalmed, and Egypt mourned for him seventy days.
Every episode of the TV drama series begins with a short introduction of what that episode is about.
And the time of the mourning being expired, Joseph spoke to the family of Pharaoh: If I have found favour in your sight, speak in the ears of Pharaoh. For my father made me swear to him, saying: Behold I die; thou shalt bury me in my sepulchre which I have digged for myself in the land of Canaan. So I will go up and bury my father, and return.
You should read the introduction at the beginning of the book.
Here's another day in London.
For lack of qualified teachers only pupils with the highest grades were allowed to learn English, the rest had to take Russian.
A traditional Irish flute carried the melody in the introduction of Titanic's theme song.
I will be working.
He has a large arse.
Your Baurus are delicious!
And Pharaoh said to him: Go up and bury thy father according as he made thee swear.
"Did you tell her everything?" "No way, I barely touched the subject."
So he went up, and there went with him all the ancients of Pharaoh's house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt. And the house of Joseph with his brethren, except their children, and their flocks and herds, which they left in the land of Goshen.
Don't knock on the door with your hand.
I wrote you ten letters.
How many animals do you have at home?
My aunt gave me a photo album.
Turn on the phone charger for me please.
This is a very difficult case.
Those sorts of hats are seen often.
The letters dance in front of my eyes.
One way of resolving this problem, according to some philosophers, could be the development of an artificial, philosophical second language according to new logical structures that are more apt for communicating these new ideas and all other universal concepts.
The area of the forest fire is one hundred eighteen thousand hectares.
It was difficult studying Esperanto.
Have mercy on us, we beg you.
This costume has fallen into disuse.
Less possessions, less boredom.
No, in this language indefinite articles don't exist.
He remained seated and tried to give the best impression possible.
She writes in a confused way.
He plays the harpsichord.
She writes in a confused manner.
On my planet, people drink blue coffee.
He seems to know everything about your past.
He had also in his train chariots and horsemen: and it was a great company.
The Interlingua teacher asks, "How do you say 'be' in Hungarian, Lenny?"
The Andromeda galaxy is expected to collide with our Milky Way in about 4.billion years.
Flora was a housekeeper they had had for twelve years.
The heavens have granted him many special talents.
The screws are in an inaccessible place.
The screws are in an inconvenient place.
And they came to the threshing floor of Atad, which is situated beyond the Jordan: where celebrating the exequies with a great and vehement lamentation, they spent full seven days.
And when the inhabitants of Canaan saw this, they said: This is a great mourning to the Egyptians. And therefore the name of that place was called, The mourning of Egypt.
So the sons of Jacob did as he had commanded them. And carrying him into the land of Canaan, they buried him in the double cave, which Abraham had bought together with the field for a possession of a burying place, of Ehpron, the Hethite, over against Mambre.
I can't stop playing, this game is addicting.
Aluminum has an atomic mass of 26.982.
It was a very happy time in my life.
Most of the time he arrives late.
You lost your glasses.
All praise for him.
I wanted to pay closer attention.
He didn't even respond with one word.
He is not going to be cold.
I got the wedding rings in a velvet box.
Forget it! It was just an idea.
I should go to the city to talk to him.
The pool is on the same level as the terrace.
He is finishing reading the book.
Did you put water in the refrigerator?
He went to school sad.
He and I are good friends.
I'm going there now, don't worry.
Guernsey has a lot of seagulls.
This anglicism is unnecessary. There are already a lot of nice words for that in German.
And Joseph returned into Egypt with his brethren, and all that were in his company, after he had buried his father.
Now he being dead, his brethren were afraid, and talked one with another: Lest perhaps he should remember the wrong he suffered, and requite us all the evil that we did to him.
And they sent a message to him, saying: Thy father commanded us before he died, that we should say thus much to thee from him: I beseech thee to forget the wickedness of thy brethren, and the sin and malice they practised against thee.
We also pray thee, to forgive the servants of the God of thy father this wickedness. And when Joseph heard this, he wept.
Tom saw animal shapes in the clouds.
The table is wobbling.
The flowers swayed in the wind.
We split up the loot three ways.
The man is the hunter, and the woman is his prey.
The prey dies once, while the hunter dies every day.
They have a very spacious dining room.
Tom is a bit of a stickler.
Tom is a little bit of a stickler.
Tom can be a bit of a stickler when it comes to rules.
Tom can be a bit of a stickler when it comes to safety.
Be serious about studying, or you'll fail the exam.
Mary stooped to his level.
I stooped to his level.
You stooped to his level.
She stooped to her level.
Mary is a fun person to be around.
Do your best and have fun.
Tom went to sleep happy.
Mary went to sleep happy.
Tom's real passion is art.
Tom's real passion is music.
I don't know what my real passion is.
And his brethren came to him; and worshipping prostrate on the ground, they said: We are thy servants.
And he answered them: Fear not: can we resist the will of God?
I fell for him immediately.
I fell for her immediately.
You thought evil against me: but God turned it into good, that he might exalt me, as at present you see, and might save many people.
I fell in love with him immediately.
I fell in love with her immediately.
Good to see you!
Fear not: I will feed you and your children.
I'm just on my way home.
Anyway, I'm just here for the night.
And he comforted them, and spoke gently and mildly.
And you, how's everything with you?
What'd you say?
What a beautiful day to be out and about.
I shouldn't have said the things I said to you.
Kittens rule the world.
She lost her way in the forest.
Cats rule the world.
To call this kitten cute would be an understatement.
Don't panic over something like that.
He is simply a hopeless liar.
You failed again? You're hopeless, aren't you!
Tom and Mary are kissing cousins.
I don't think that that'll fly.
Can you open the door, please?
What am I supposed to regret?
While small-minded, xenophobic or outrightly racist people falsely believe that only persons of Anglo-Saxon or German origin are to be considered Americans, the United States has long prided itself on being a so-called melting pot, embracing both its Indigenous population and immigrants who have settled there from elsewhere.
I like this design more than the other one.
There's no point in comparing them.
There are some inconsistencies.
My child's father is a math teacher at my school.
He was beating his wife.
Correct me if I make mistakes, please.
They were exaggerating.
No trees exist that are taller than the Eiffel Tower.
This fish is good.
Over the holidays, I'll learn to swim.
You didn't understand me.
In the end, Tom gave up.
You have the same answer to everything.
I'm sure Mary is gravely ill.
That makes me anxious.
Many people lack humility.
You are bored.
You're bored.
She is bored.
He is bored.
We are bored.
And Joseph said unto them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God?
A sandstorm is coming in.
A tornado is coming in.
A tsunami is coming in.
I did a somersault.
Haijo loves frikandels.
He put the croquette in the frying pan.
I don't think it was your fault.
I don't travel very much.
Tom is quite well off.
Do you play baseball?
Tom has a nasty temper.
Grapes grow on vines.
Tom lives a quiet life.
Have a good vacation.
When was the last time you went fishing with Tom?
We split up the loot among the three of us.
And he dwelt in Egypt with all his father's house; and lived a hundred and ten years.
And he saw the children of Ephraim to the third generation. The children also of Machir, the sons of Manasses, were born on Joseph's knees.
Tom is a young man seeking direction in life.
After which he told his brethren: God will visit you after my death, and will make you go up out of this land, to the land which he swore to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
And he made them swear to him, saying: God will visit you, carry my bones with you out of this place.
And he died, being a hundred and ten years old. And being embalmed, he was laid in a coffin in Egypt.
And the earth was void and empty, and darkness was upon the face of the deep; and the spirit of God moved over the waters.
And God saw the light that it was good; and he divided the light from the darkness.
And he called the light Day, and the darkness Night; and there was evening and morning one day.
Contractions seems to be a slippery slope towards illiteracy.
What you don't learn from your mother, you will learn from the world.
And God said: Let there be a firmament made amidst the waters: and let it divide the waters from the waters.
A luxurious carpet covered the floor.
She was dressed luxuriantly.
I shrugged in bewilderment.
I shrugged my shoulders in bewilderment.
How did you find a hair in the soup if I'm bald?
I lead a double life.
Tom led a double life.
Five years later, their paths crossed again.
Instead of going down, he went up.
And God made a firmament, and divided the waters that were under the firmament, from those that were above the firmament, and it was so.
The hint was more than clear.
Was that a hint?
And God called the firmament, Heaven; and the evening and morning were the second day.
God also said; Let the waters that are under the heaven be gathered together into one place: and let the dry land appear. And it was so done.
And God called the dry land, Earth; and the gathering together of the waters, he called Seas. And God saw that it was good.
And he said: let the earth bring forth green herb, and such as may seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after its kind, which may have seed in itself upon the earth. And it was so done.
And the earth brought forth the green herb, and such as yieldeth seed according to its kind, and the tree that beareth fruit, having seed each one according to its kind. And God saw that it was good.
And the evening and the morning were the third day.
And God said: Let there be lights made in the firmament of heaven, to divide the day and the night, and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days and years: to shine in the firmament of heaven, and to give light upon the earth, and it was so done.
These muffins are delicious.
And God made two great lights: a greater light to rule the day; and a lesser light to rule the night: and the stars.
And he set them in the firmament of heaven to shine upon the earth. And to rule the day and the night, and to divide the light and the darkness. And God saw that it was good.
And the evening and morning were the fourth day.
God also said: let the waters bring forth the creeping creature having life, and the fowl that may fly over the earth under the firmament of heaven.
Is this blue?
Crying won't bring your parents back.
Is that blue?
I hope you'll remember this in the future.
Tom asked for a foot massage.
Tom asked for a back massage.
Tom works as a massage therapist.
Tom massaged my shoulders.
I don't have any chains for my car.
I just bought a house.
I just bought myself a new jacket.
I have two cats. One is white and the other is black.
Tom is coughing again.
This coffee is good.
Tom is counting money.
This meat is tender.
Tom is from the South.
This will amuse you.
Tom is going home now.
Could you spell that?
Mary leads a double life: she's a group leader at Philip's and she's a housewife, wife and mother at home.
He isn't going to be courageous enough to do that.
Why is grass green?
You've got a one-size-fits-all answer.
And God created the great whales, and every living and moving creature, which the waters brought forth, according to their kinds, and every winged fowl according to its kind. And God saw that it was good.
And he blessed them, saying: Increase and multiply, and fill the waters of the sea: and let the birds be multiplied upon the earth.
And the evening and morning were the fifth day.
The chairs stack well.
And God said: Let the earth bring forth the living creature in its kind, cattle and creeping things, and beasts of the earth, according to their kinds. And it was so done.
And God made the beasts of the earth according to their kinds, and cattle, and every thing that creepeth on the earth after its kind. And God saw that it was good.
And he said: Let us make man to our image and likeness: and let him have dominion over the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the air, and the beasts, and the whole earth, and every creeping creature that moveth upon the earth.
Let me inspect it first.
And God created man to his own image: to the image of God he created him: male and female he created them.
And God blessed them, saying: Increase and multiply, and fill the earth, and subdue it, and rule over the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the air, and all living creatures that move upon the earth.
Hmmmm, cool!
Do you have green?
What a pineapple!
Attention: fragile.
I will call soon.
I didn't bet.
I love ovomaltine.
It doesn't rain.
It will rain today.
And God said: Behold I have given you every herb bearing seed upon the earth, and all trees that have in themselves seed of their own kind, to be your meat.
And to all beasts of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to all that move upon the earth, and wherein there is life, that they may have to feed upon.
And it was so done. And God saw all the things that he had made, and they were very good. And the evening and morning were the sixth day.
He's a fisherman.
She's a fisher.
He's a fisher.
I'm a fisher.
I'm a fisherman.
She's a fisherwoman.
I'm a fisherwoman.
You're a fisherman.
You're a fisher.
You're a fisherwoman.
We're fishermen.
You guys are fishermen.
They're fishermen.
We're fishers.
You guys are fishers.
You're fishermen.
You're fishers.
They're fishers.
She's a fisherman.
They're fisherwomen.
The apple fell.
So the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the furniture of them.
Tom doesn't look like his mother.
And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made: and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had done.
And he blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.
I fell off the ladder when I was picking apples.
These are the generations of the heaven and the earth, when they were created, in the day that the Lord God made the heaven and the Earth.
He cut down the tree without knowing why.
And every plant of the field before it sprung up in the earth, and every herb of the ground before it grew: for the Lord God had not rained upon the earth; and there was not a man to till the earth.
But a spring rose out of the earth, watering all the surface of the earth.
And the Lord God formed man of the slime of the earth: and breathed into his face the breath of life, and man became a living soul.
Please tell me if it hurts.
And the Lord God had planted a paradise of pleasure from the beginning: wherein he placed man whom he had formed.
She was fired in no time.
Is today Saturday?
And the Lord God brought forth of the ground all manner of trees, fair to behold, and pleasant to eat of: the tree of life also in the midst of paradise: and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
And a river went out of the place of pleasure to water paradise, which from thence is divided into four heads.
Let's get this over with, once and for all.
The name of the one is Phison: that is it which compasseth all the land of Hevilath, where gold groweth. And the gold of that land is very good: there is found bdellium, and the onyx stone.
It's a mushroom.
And the name of the second river is Gehon: the same is it that compasseth all the land of Ethiopia.
There surely must be an easier way to do it.
And the name of the third river is Tigris: the same passeth along by the Assyrians. And the fourth river is Euphrates.
Take revenge.
Push her.
I followed her.
I followed it.
I drink water.
We brought something.
Keep that in mind.
Let me translate.
Feed the chickens.
Milk the cow.
We explain something.
We explained something.
We are explaining something.
Hold it.
Tom's hands were shaking.
Will you try?
Tom seemed especially pleased.
Mary seemed especially pleased.
It was surprising.
Tom thought that his parents were perfect.
Tom thinks that his parents are perfect.
It was unexpected.
Tom thinks that his parents are infallible.
Tom thought that his parents were infallible.
I usually only just drink water.
Has something important happened?
Should I sell it?
Water is the only thing I drink.
They went to sleep happy.
Tom and Mary went to sleep happy.
"How are you doing?" "A little better."
It keeps snowing.
It keeps on snowing.
Be good.
Tom was emotionally drained.
Mary was emotionally drained.
Tom always makes fun of me.
Tom always makes fun of me because of that.
People always make fun of me because of that.
People always make fun of Tom because of that.
Can I talk to you about something that's bothering me?
You must open it for him.
What is it, dear?
You must open it for her.
You must open it for them.
How much is he paying you?
How much is Tom paying you?
How much is she paying you?
You must give it to her.
You must give it to him.
You must give it to them.
I have no way of knowing.
It had all been a very big mistake.
It had all been a big mistake.
I didn't expect it to be that fun.
I didn't expect to have fun.
Tom hadn't been expecting that answer.
Mary hadn't been expecting that answer.
You should come too.
Tom, you should come too.
You should come as well.
You just called me old.
You just called me fat.
I never wear a suit.
Can I talk with you alone for a moment?
I must go in.
I must come in.
I must get in.
I can't believe you just called me fat.
He spreads gossip.
She spreads gossip.
I'm not that old!
I can't believe you just called me old.
Did you just call me old?
There's an element of luck involved.
I had a great time with you last night.
I had a great time with you last weekend.
I had a great time with you today.
I don't want to be pathetic, I want to be cool!!
I don't wanna be pathetic, I wanna be cool!!
You are a very nice person.
You're a very nice person.
When a critical infrastructure device is attacked, the federal authorities should be able to arrange with the Internet providers that data traffic is blocked or redirected.
It's so peaceful here.
I don't get paid as much as I'd like to be paid.
I don't get paid as much as I'd like to be.
I don't usually speak French.
Tom wasn't exactly thrilled to see Mary.
It wasn't Tom's proudest moment.
That wasn't Tom's proudest moment.
Tom thought his parents were perfect.
Tom thinks his parents are perfect.
Tom thinks his parents are infallible.
Tom thought his parents were infallible.
Tom, you should come, too.
Have you ever seen Tom laugh?
Tom has a problem and he wants to solve it.
Tom has a problem that he needs to solve.
Is it OK to trust Tom?
Do you think that we can trust Tom?
Do you think we can trust Tom?
Both Tom and I are painters.
Your website looks good.
Would it bother you if I smoked here?
City dogs are different from country dogs.
My father bought me a few books.
We often see hats like that.
"Everything hunky-dory?" is a colloquial expression of dubious quality.
Be strong.
There's got to be an easier way to do that.
I don't know what we're going to do with that.
I don't know what we're going to do with Tom.
Who wouldn't want to be beautiful and rich?
I don't know what we're going to do tomorrow.
I've kept the best for last.
Throw it into the fire.
Nobody dared say a thing.
I want everybody to love me.
Tom listened to the whole story without saying a thing.
Are you sure nobody's around?
I'm way too tired to do that now.
It wasn't my proudest moment.
That wasn't my proudest moment.
I wished that I was somewhere else.
I shouldn't have said those things that I said to you.
I shouldn't have said those things I said to you.
I shouldn't have said the things that I said to you.
I didn't expect sailing to be this much fun.
Do what you consider necessary.
I think Tom needs glasses.
I think I need glasses.
I think that Tom needs glasses.
I think that I need glasses.
We have a French test today.
That jacket is too big for you.
Where have you been? I was worried.
Which do you think have more vitamin C, apples or grapes?
I like your apartment a lot.
I'll be here waiting for you at 2:30.
Everything I told you was true.
It gets very cold here at night.
Don't sit on these boxes.
This bread is moldy.
Learning a language requires a lot of time.
I usually sleep with my windows open in the summer.
How did you get that box opened?
I hope you weren't disappointed.
I hope that you weren't disappointed.
Didn't you recognize me?
Boston is where I want to live.
If you feel like doing it, do it.
If you don't feel like doing it, don't do it.
Everyone went home satisfied.
Everybody went home satisfied.
Suicide is a crime in some parts of the world.
Is it a crime to encourage someone to commit suicide?
Tom and Mary don't live in the same time zone.
I don't understand why that's important.
It doesn't rain here very much.
We don't get much rain.
That's one of my cats.
Those are my cats.
I don't know how to make Thousand Island dressing.
The ship that Tom's grandfather was on was sunk by a torpedo.
The ship Tom's grandfather was on was sunk by a torpedo.
He deliberately set the house on fire. Then he watched from distance how firemen tried to fight the fire.
I think that's a small piece of sausage.
The wedding was a lavish affair.
Tom and Mary's wedding was a lavish affair.
Where are you originally from?
I am coming with you.
I have a problem, and I want to solve it.
Might before right is the complaint of many a poor servant.
He stumbled and dropped his plate with soup on the floor.
And the Lord God took man, and put him into the paradise of pleasure, to dress it, and to keep it.
He said that he would not sell the garden.
The train had to stop because there was a tree lying across the railway line.
I like going by train.
I enjoy travelling by train.
I would abolish all slaughterhouses, if I could.
And he commanded him, saying: Of every tree of paradise thou shalt eat: But of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat. For in what day soever thou shalt eat of it, thou shalt die the death.
I lost all my documents.
Tom fixed the broken watch.
I went for a walk to the forest and I got lost there.
I don't want to know what you have done with that.
I enjoy contributing to Tatoeba.
Row.
I am fed up.
The river ran dry totally.
He has nobody to take care of him.
I am too lazy to go there.
I have too much homework.
Don't send it to me anymore.
Don't send it to me again.
Dancing isn't my favorite kind of entertainment.
A bull in shorts has escaped.
People should mind their own business first and foremost.
When I returned home from my work, I found out that somebody had robbed our flat.
I hate being watched.
I like all colours but I like green the most.
Calm down. We're just a few minutes from the hospital.
Green vegetation is on the decrease on Earth.
Playing a computer game, Tom took Boston.
That movie was bum numbing.
I don't have any recollection of what happened.
I have a lot of books in my library but none of them is in Czech.
Look, boys, this sack is full of pears.
And the Lord God said: It is not good for man to be alone: let us make him a help like unto himself.
It's my decision!
It's my verdict!
I cannot touch-type.
Why is Tom here? He should be in school.
Don't lock the door.
I cut myself a slice of bread and it fell on the floor.
And the Lord God having formed out of the ground all the beasts of the earth, and all the fowls of the air, brought them to Adam to see what he would call them: for whatsoever Adam called any living creature the same is its name.
Why do women love gifts?
Why do women love presents?
I don't want to work with them anymore.
He's in beer.
Having seen me naked, she burst into loud laughter.
The report is of a confidential nature.
Mary left her umbrella on the bus.
And Adam called all the beasts by their names, and all the fowls of the air, and all the cattle of the field: but for Adam there was not found a helper like himself.
What don't you like again?
The first snow has fallen.
Those who live better live longer.
We have irrefutable evidence of his guilt.
The visitors came before she had finished cleaning.
I want to know and that is that.
I told him not to leave.
Why do you look at your watch all the time?
That guy has been staring at us.
Then the Lord God cast a deep sleep upon Adam: and when he was fast asleep, he took one of his ribs, and filled up flesh for it.
He takes a shower even ten times a day.
He got used to not having a hot meal every day.
And the Lord God built the rib which he took from Adam into a woman: and brought her to Adam.
And Adam said: This now is bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh; she shall be called woman, because she was taken out of man.
Wherefore a man shall leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they shall be two in one flesh.
And they were both naked: to wit, Adam and his wife: and were not ashamed.
The referee cancelled a clean goal.
John looks at the roses.
Can you tell him something good about me?
It's hard to forget his first love.
I caught a big spider in the cellar and she's now in a jar in my room.
Mozambique? He doesn't even know where that is.
Tom apologized for the inconvenience he had caused.
Tom apologized for the inconvenience he had caused Mary.
Tom didn't care about the inconvenience he had caused Mary.
Tom apologized to Mary for the inconvenience he had caused.
Tom was sorry for the inconvenience he had caused.
I apologise for any inconvenience caused.
I apologize for any inconvenience caused.
I apologize for any problems I may have caused.
I apologize for any problems that I may have caused.
I have a lot of books in my library, but none of them are in French.
Quite a few books in my library are in French.
None of the books in my library are in French.
Do you often read books in French?
Do you often read books that are in French?
How many novels did you read last month?
Tom put a lot of sugar in his coffee.
Why do you put so much sugar in your coffee?
Tom and Mary said that they didn't care whether we helped them or not.
Tom, you should go, too.
I tried to explain that to Tom.
I gained their trust.
I deserved their trust.
How can I gain her trust?
How can I get Mary to fall in love with me?
How's everything with you?
How's life been treating you?
I love you like crazy.
Male spiders have longer legs than female spiders.
We split the loot three ways.
I wrote you three letters.
I wrote Tom three letters last month.
When you've finished reading that book, please return it.
I've been waiting for the bus for an hour.
I smell a rat.
I think I smell a rat.
What kind of topics are of interest to you?
This shouldn't be possible.
A lightbulb in the living room has exploded. I have to change it.
The gate opened and then closed again.
There is often sultry weather in summer.
It has been drought for a long time.
If you don't stop taking the drugs, you will die soon.
I can't help being fat.
Why did you cut down the tree? Did it bother you in some way?
You won't believe what I have found today.
I can't help eating too much.
I can't help drinking.
It looks like he went crazy.
I just can't help smoking.
We sold our forest.
You have to make efforts a bit. I cannot advise you all the time.
Tom racked his brain to come up with an answer to Mary's question.
Where did you buy that pen?
Destroy them!
Tom kept the best for last.
I wish that more people could be like you.
I doubt that'll happen again.
I doubt that that'll happen again.
I don't know why Tom spent time in prison.
I don't want to kill anybody.
Tom is six feet tall.
Our plans went awry.
Tom was an altar boy.
That's a filthy lie.
Tom is cooking dinner.
That's good for you.
I forced Tom to do it.
Our house has already burned down twice.
This drought has been going on for a long time.
I asked her to wait, but she left.
What is there on the wall there?
What is that on the wall?
Can you play chess well?
Can you play the piano well?
Can you play basketball well?
Are you good at playing basketball?
Can I rent ice skates?
Can we rent a rowboat?
Now the serpent was more subtle than any of the beasts of the earth which the Lord God had made. And he said to the woman: Why hath God commanded you, that you should not eat of every tree of paradise?
And the woman answered him, saying: Of the fruit of the trees that are in paradise we do eat: But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of paradise, God hath commanded us that we should not eat; and that we should not touch it, lest perhaps we die.
And the serpent said to the woman: No, you shall not die the death. For God doth know that in what day soever you shall eat thereof, your eyes shall be opened: and you shall be as Gods, knowing good and evil.
They saw him throw garbage into forest.
He was seen to throw garbage into forest.
He was supposed to return it to me last week.
He was supposed to give it back to me last week.
He had to commute to his work at his first job.
Tom used the internet to look for a job.
Tom searched for a job online.
Poverty and modesty usually walk hand in hand.
Modesty and humility are usually not the virtue of the rich.
I bought a new printer.
A longer table is much better than a higher fence.
Some people still cut grass with a scythe.
There is a lot of beautiful girls in the whole world.
Some people are not willing to change their eating habits.
And the woman saw that the tree was good to eat, and fair to the eyes, and delightful to behold: and she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave to her husband, who did eat.
He was banished from the dance hall because he was drunk but he returned there.
She was carrying her purchase in a plastic bag. It bursted and all its content fell on the ground.
And the eyes of them both were opened: and when they perceived themselves to be naked, they sewed together fig leaves, and made themselves aprons.
And when they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in paradise at the afternoon air, Adam and his wife hid themselves from the face of the Lord God, amidst the trees of paradise.
I'll give up math.
Tom doesn't seem to trust anyone.
I see her in my dreams often.
I dream about her a lot.
Were you translating with the help of a dictionary?
Don't tell that to my wife.
Comfort station requires a payment.
Tom is at home for the whole day.
Tom is going to visit me tonight.
The ecological situation here is quite poor.
Strike my name off the list.
We've got a small country, and everyone knows each other.
Judging by his appearance, he seems to be a beggar.
Could you come and help?
He has a very familiar face.
And the Lord God called Adam, and said to him: Where art thou?
We won't need money.
What bird cannot fly?
You took the wrong bus.
Tom, have you eaten anything?
How long will be this expectation?
The product is sterilized and aseptically packed.
The ceiling turned black from moisture.
I spend all my day in front of my computer.
There were four chairs around the table.
I would give more, but I don't have any left.
Mary and Tom are dreaming about the sea.
Think about it one more time.
I've never met a kinder man than Tom.
Where's a hairdresser?
They can't shout. They died long ago.
After winter came spring.
You were cutting the bread.
And he said: I heard thy voice in paradise; and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself.
I already don't remember what we had for dinner yesterday.
One day a man will fly to the stars.
Health begins with good sleep.
Don't forget to wish Tom a happy birthday.
We have better weather today.
Today's weather is somewhat better.
Did you buy a car?
Settle down now!
The battery has run down.
Does Mary understand French?
I've been working here for many decades.
And he said to him: And who hath told thee that thou wast naked, but that thou hast eaten of the tree whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldst not eat?
Meanwhile, the weather abruptly changed.
Once I helped her.
And who's gonna stop us?
And who's going to stop us?
They eat meat very rarely.
I cooked this myself.
And Adam said: The woman, whom thou gavest me to be my companion, gave me of the tree, and I did eat.
"What a hungry man!" exclaimed Mary with a spiteful smile, closing the door of her apartment behind Tom.
It's always cold in here.
Three people are absent.
Three people are missing.
She's laying the book on the table.
I'm not going to read this book.
I had a motorcycle before.
Bring me lemon tea, please.
I'm getting used to this new machine.
He's no less than forty years old.
I have more questions for you.
Protons and electrons are fundamental components of atoms.
"How old are you?" "I'm years old."
The Second World War was five times bloodier than the First.
Tom doesn't like remembering the past.
It's a story of unbelievable success.
My mom was a wonderful woman.
And the Lord God said to the woman: Why hast thou done this? And she answered: The serpent deceived me, and I did eat.
Read the rules for the time being.
Mary doesn't take Tom for a man.
Birds take dust baths.
Birds dig around in the ground.
We were walking.
The current crisis is structural.
Learn to think positively!
How could you think anything like that about him?
And the Lord God said to the serpent: Because thou hast done this thing, thou art cursed among all cattle, and beasts of the earth: upon thy breast shalt thou go, and earth shalt thou eat all the days of thy life.
I'll send the world a call for help.
In case of contact with eyes, rinse with a large amount of water.
These are too small for you.
I'd love to have breakfast with you.
The brain serves many people who have no power, but power serves many people who have no brains.
You'll start right now.
You're going to start right now.
How many years did Georges live there?
"Here, take it!" "Give me a break. I don't need it."
Don't walk on the grass!
There's a vase on the table.
Here's my business card.
Every time that the teacher travels, he gives us souvenirs.
Leave it to me, boss!
My youngest brother is still sleeping.
Let's send the invitation to Dupont.
What type of middle school have you or will you complete?
Sickness changes people.
Physics has many related disciplines.
He shaved his beard.
Is Mary's husband a general?
She has very large ears.
They still haven't untied my hands.
You will have to excuse me but I will have to be very picky.
Three men talk to each other.
They correspond regularly.
I expect the worst.
We'll make you happy.
Who gave you the right to talk like that?
Our house is in front of the train station.
We want to do some partying.
They like to watch television.
What do you like most in medieval architecture?
We lost to Russia in the Ice Hockey World Championship 2019.
"What are they doing?" "They are playing something."
I was petting him when he bit me.
Why don't you want me to help you?
He made the list of the ten most successful men in history.
My father often encouraged us to be dedicated and diligent in life and in our studies.
I was angry with my colleagues.
I want to study in that school.
He doesn't take care of his health.
In truth, the world was made by a Master!
She gave birth to a son.
I'm not pleased with the quality of your job.
She will be jealous.
A small child fell into a pit that wasn't properly secured.
Tom got fed up quickly.
The exam was very hard, and I couldn't answer a single question.
Mary turned everyone's head.
Never mind what I just said.
I am the goalie for FC Alpha.
Do you feel a little better?
I will put enmities between thee and the woman, and thy seed and her seed: she shall crush thy head, and thou shalt lie in wait for her heel.
I'll never talk to you about my buddies again.
Keep far away from him!
Is swimming allowed in this lake?
We are writing an email for our friends.
Go more slowly.
Stop, please.
This one is broken.
To the woman also he said: I will multiply thy sorrows, and thy conceptions: in sorrow shalt thou bring forth children, and thou shalt be under thy husband's power, and he shall have dominion over thee.
Make it right now.
I'm going to buy it.
That one is big.
Do you have to read?
Have you got anything to read?
You have something to read.
You have got something to read.
You've got something to read.
And to Adam he said: Because thou hast hearkened to the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee, that thou shouldst not eat, cursed is the earth in thy work: with labour and toil shalt thou eat thereof all the days of thy life.
Our dog got lost. Will you help us to find him?
I would like to change my job. I am not satisfied either with my salary or working conditions.
Do you believe in afterlife?
In autumn, leaves fall off trees.
He spends a lot of time on his computer.
I don't want him to know about the event, let alone go there.
Our fears of another outbreak of the disease were confirmed when we smelled the stench of bodies piled up by the roadside.
Tom decided to cancel his trip to Boston for fear of another heart attack.
The residents dared not enter their homes for fear of another earthquake.
My fear of making another mistake is crippling my progress.
Look at what we did.
Look at what we made.
We did this.
We made this.
That's something that we made.
That's something we made.
We were the ones who did that.
I made this.
I'm the one who made this.
This is something that I made.
This is something I made.
This is something that I made for you.
This is something I made for you.
This is something that I bought for you.
This is something I bought for you.
I owe Tom an apology.
All of us should go.
Don't cry in public.
Tom is a good reader.
I eat a lot of rice.
I was torturing the prisoners.
I have tortured the prisoners.
And we gave it to you to drink.
Swimming isn't allowed in this lake.
We're not allowed to swim here.
I'm pretty sure that they won't allow us to do that.
I'm pretty sure they won't allow us to do that.
My fear of making another mistake is why I'm being extra careful.
Reach up and grab me that package of madelaines, please.
Of course not.
He fries the eggs in oil.
She fries the eggs in oil.
Fry the eggs in oil.
Thorns and thistles shall it bring forth to thee, and thou shalt eat the herbs of the earth.In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread till thou return to the earth out of which thou wast taken: for dust thou art, and into dust thou shalt return.
And Adam called the name of his wife Eve: because she was the mother of all the living.
And the Lord God made for Adam and his wife garments of skins, and clothed them.
Those terms are not acceptable for us.
Tokyo has many ancient temples.
And he said: Behold Adam is become as one of us, knowing good and evil: now therefore lest perhaps he put forth his hand and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever.
Tom performed all the stunts himself.
She's pretty, but dangerous.
And the Lord God sent him out of the paradise of pleasure, to till the earth from which he was taken.
And he cast out Adam: and placed before the paradise of pleasure Cherubims, and a flaming sword, turning every way, to keep the way of the tree of life.
And Adam knew Eve his wife; who conceived and brought forth Cain, saying: I have gotten a man through God.
This newspaper is a government mouthpiece.
And again she brought forth his brother Abel. And Abel was a shepherd, and Cain a husbandman.
Don't look over here.
And it came to pass after many days, that Cain offered, of the fruits of the earth, gifts to the Lord.
Abel also offered of the firstlings of his flock, and of their fat: and the Lord had respect to Abel, and to his offerings.
But to Cain and his offerings he had no respect: and Cain was exceeding angry, and his countenance fell.
There is a big garden behind the house.
The end of the world is close.
And the Lord said to him: Why art thou angry? and why is thy countenance fallen?
If thou do well, shalt thou not receive? but if ill, shall not sin forthwith be present at the door? but the lust thereof shall be under thee, and thou shalt have dominion over it.
And Cain said to Abel his brother: Let us go forth abroad. And when they were in the field, Cain rose up against his brother Abel, and slew him.
That's the guy whom I saw in the newspaper.
And the Lord said to Cain: Where is thy brother Abel? And he answered: I know not: am I my brother's keeper?
And he said to him: What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth to me from the earth.
His handwriting is clear.
Time flies fast.
Now therefore cursed shalt thou be upon the earth, which hath opened her mouth and received the blood of thy brother at thy hand.
When thou shalt till it, it shall not yield to thee its fruit: a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be upon the earth.
None of them trusts him.
Today is a wonderful day.
Tom almost lost an eye.
I will reply to you after break.
I invited him to dinner.
Tom doesn't take very good care of himself.
The news shook me.
A lot more people died in World War II than in World War I.
A lot more people died in Second World War than in First World War.
World War II lasted from to 1945.
The Second World War lasted from to 1945.
We were avoiding Tom.
Avoid clichés.
We're avoiding that subject.
Why is she avoiding me?
No matter how close we are, I can't allow him to do this.
We are no longer working the way we did before.
They made them go.
I'm talking about the music to which you were listening.
May I lie down to rest a bit?
What's the dollar rate now?
What's the dollar rate today?
Tom bought a Swiss knife for me, but customs seized it.
My bicycle broke.
Who sent you there?
Wooden boards were carelessly dumped near the fence.
You were wallowing in mud.
Set sail!
Make sail!
Dear Santa, this Christmas I want a girlfriend.
They'll be provided all the help they require.
Those who fly high fall low.
Europium is a chemical element with the symbol Eu.
It's you who must thank me.
Come to work earlier tomorrow.
And Cain said to the Lord: My iniquity is greater than that I may deserve pardon.
Tom doesn't know how long he's going to stay with us.
What crossed your mind?
That was the worst day of my life.
Wash the mirror.
I fell in love with him, and I don't care what you think.
Don't touch me with your dirty hands.
I'm not an enemy to myself.
Please don't tell him that I'm leaving.
I missed that a lot when I was abroad.
Your actions are foolish.
Your actions are meaningless.
Your deeds are wanton.
I'm afraid she has parotitis.
Mary herself told me about that.
I can't concentrate because of the noise.
Behold thou dost cast me out this day from the face of the earth, and from thy face I shall be hid, and I shall be a vagabond and a fugitive on the earth: every one therefore that findeth me, shall kill me.
It's already p.m.
The school admitted Tom.
He has a habit, to leave it too late.
Please forget about this.
I don't know how to answer your question.
The people on whom my destiny depends just turned away from me.
Is it really too difficult to turn off your phones?
I did really like China.
Where're you living, if it's not a secret?
And the Lord said to him: No, it shall not so be: but whosoever shall kill Cain, shall be punished sevenfold. And the Lord set a mark upon Cain, that whosoever found him should not kill him.
Was the hypothesis confirmed?
I open windows to enjoy the fresh air.
I don't like chicken very much.
I bought several bottles of water.
Francesco comes from Italy. He's Italian.
And Cain said unto the Lord, My punishment is greater than I can bear.
Stop talking bollocks!
I'll do whatever is necessary.
That's all a result of permissiveness and failure to punish.
Tom was the first to look into the cave.
What is the happiness of life?
And Cain went out from the presence of the Lord, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden.
The book is missing two pages.
It's very hard to find a suitable translation.
You lost no time.
And Cain knew his wife, and she conceived, and brought forth Henoch: and he built a city, and called the name thereof by the name of his son Henoch.
And Henoch begot Irad, and Irad begot Maviael, and Maviael begot Mathusael, and Mathusael begot Lamech.
Chinese is always harder than any other language.
Who took two wives: the name of the one was Ada, and the name of the other Sella.
And Ada brought forth Jabel: who was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of herdsmen.
When it is hot weather and enough rain, mushrooms grow.
Please talk slower.
Maybe there's another way?
I have to drive to Denmark tomorrow.
And again I'm the last to learn the truth.
That could only be you.
Will you pick me up today?
Children shouldn't eat this.
She turned her back on me.
Your opinion is somewhat old-fashioned.
That's not being advertised.
He doesn't have a health insurance policy.
This floor is uneven.
Tom isn't a ballplayer.
World War II was five times bloodier than World War I.
Tom quickly got sick of it.
He doesn't have an electric scooter.
The fence is freshly painted.
Tom came to Ashgabat yesterday.
I want to go to the USA.
Switch off the vacuum cleaner now! Its noise is getting on my nerves.
He may return.
He might return.
She may return.
She might return.
It may return.
It might return.
You might return.
He may come back.
He might come back.
She may come back.
She might come back.
It may come back.
It might come back.
You may come back.
You might come back.
And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of them that play upon the harp and the organs.
Demo's progression was being reported by the participants through SNS.
Tom doesn't know how much time he's going to spend with us.
Sella also brought forth Tubalcain, who was a hammerer and artificer in every work of brass and iron. And the sister of Tubalcain was Noema.
And Lamech said to his wives Ada and Sella: Hear my voice, ye wives of Lamech, hearken to my speech: for I have slain a man to the wounding of myself, and a stripling to my own bruising.
Sevenfold vengeance shall be taken for Cain: but for Lamech seventy times sevenfold.
I have lost my faith in God.
Do you have any books in Esperanto?
What time did you leave?
What time did you arrive?
It's almost the same.
Mary hasn't called yet.
Adam also knew his wife again: and she brought forth a son, and called his name Seth, saying: God hath given me another seed for Abel, whom Cain slew.
But to Seth also was born a son, whom he called Enos: this man began to call upon the name of the Lord.
And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the Lord.
Mary is a shapeshifter.
Let me get you a cup of tea.
You came with your brother.
Even for all the money in the world, I wouldn't do that!
Mary dedicated the song to her childhood friend, who passed away about years ago not even reaching the age of 25.
Tom studied for the exam.
Tom was overcome with awe.
"The boys we were would have enjoyed this", he said melancholically.
Is the word "okay" already in the Complete Picture Dictionary?
Tom loves spaghetti.
Don't worry, it will come out all right.
The boss set Tom a tight deadline.
Tom had his work cut out meeting the deadline.
Are they English?
It's not easy to understand everyone.
That's a pine tree.
Hi, Tom. How are you?
Is 2:OK for you?
I love tomato soup.
Tom slew the dragon.
I like tomato soup.
Tom is such a sissy.
Tom killed the dragon.
What a subtle hint!
Does he want to provoke a new outbreak of violence?
Do you want to provoke a new outbreak of violence?
I must stop being up late.
I'm sure he will show his true nature.
I'm sure he will reveal his true nature.
And the days of Adam, after he begot Seth, were eight hundred years: and he begot sons and daughters. And all the time that Adam lived, came to nine hundred and thirty years, and he died.
And Seth lived a hundred and five years, and begot Enos.
I did not expect something like that.
I gave John the apple.
Have a respect for all living beings.
Tom's tomcat is sick.
Tom's tom is sick.
Can you guys understand Tom?
Can you all understand Tom?
I'll do whatever is required.
Can you guys all understand Tom?
This door is closed.
And Seth lived after he begot Enos, eight hundred and seven years, and begot sons and daughters.
In my brain reigns a yawning emptiness.
Tom pulled over, stopping his car.
I followed his example.
Don't become upset over rubbish.
I just asked for no particular reason.
Here it's forbidden to smoke inside.
Confide in each other and love each other.
And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years, and he died.
He teaches Spanish to children.
This tree has sweet fruits.
That's a scientifically founded fact.
Sometimes it's easier to say yes than explain why not.
I read the novel with pleasure.
If you drink some tea, you won't be thirsty.
When will vacation begin?
You'll be taught this in school.
That was a genuine shock for me.
A ship is in distress.
At what time do you come home?
There was screaming.
There was shouting.
They don't want to sleep.
And Lamech lived a hundred and eighty-two years, and begot a son. And he called his name Noah, saying: This same shall comfort us from the works and labours of our hands on the earth, which the Lord hath cursed.
I've done the same.
Sad but true.
Juan loves music.
She was laughing wholeheartedly.
Thank you, you showed me respect.
He's looking at the map.
There are two beds in my room.
I disassembled the engine.
The smell took three days to wear off.
Stop at once.
You almost missed the deadline.
The event starts at ten at night.
And Lamech lived after he begot Noah, five hundred and ninety-five years, and begot sons and daughters.
And all the days of Lamech came to seven hundred and seventy-seven years, and he died.
And Noah, when he was five hundred years old, begot Sem, Cham, and Japheth.
And after that men began to be multiplied upon the earth, and daughters were born to them, the sons of God seeing the daughters of men, that they were fair, took to themselves wives of all which they chose.
And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the Earth, and daughters were born unto them, that the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose.
Some wild animals are on the brink of extinction.
That's a wonder of nature.
Tomorrow I'll give you an answer.
He knew her.
This guy's dangerous.
He must be saved.
I wonder whether Tom knows Mary was involved in a traffic accident.
My neck is stiff.
Tom arrived at noon.
We should all go.
Tom is broke again.
I'm fasting today.
Tom is busy working.
The exam was easy.
I wasn't able to catch up with Tom.
I wish every day were Saturday.
I wish I didn't have to go to work today.
I wish that I didn't have to go to work today.
I wish that every day were Saturday.
I didn't expect something like that.
Tom is almost blind.
Tom is quite deaf.
He waited for a bus.
He was waiting for a bus.
The sky above is so blue.
I'm awfully smart.
I make sure not to neglect my studies.
I'm still in fourth grade, but I know enough to keep up with adults.
Every day I learn something new about the world around me.
Hurry up, breakfast is ready!
I'll go then!
Unfortunately, I can't tell her.
I cannot recognize it.
Let us have a look.
You have to stay here!
I can't recognize it.
They do not occur in residential areas of a suburb.
I will have to look deeper into this matter.
They fell off a vehicle.
She's fixing a car.
I have to go to the dentist after school.
Out of the way!
He is smart and terribly good at chess.
He could even be smarter than me.
Is that not cool?
Are you giving up?
Come on, say it.
I have never heard of it.
Do you mean that seriously?
Why are you telling people such things?
I can't say more.
You are pretty spoiled.
I see you have learned to avoid questions.
What a little smartie.
Oh, look at that.
I just do not understand it.
Did you hear what happened this morning?
They have only become more mysterious.
I like dogs, you know.
This one looks like you.
I did not expect this thing to jump out!
I still do not have enough information.
I think they could have brought aliens here.
What do you base this assumption on?
It is an invasion.
Do not make fun of me.
Okay, that's enough for today.
You cannot fool me.
I'm sorry that it was so late.
I hope he did not annoy you.
Not yet, I found it entertaining.
I forgot it accidentally.
I'm terribly busy, you understand.
I did not know that there is such a place behind the school.
Do you like Italian cuisine?
Try to solve this puzzle.
The sky above us is real blue.
He drank away all his savings.
Stop doing that!
Let's hang out again.
I've never eaten clam.
Let us try to reproduce what happened yesterday.
I don't think we can do it today.
That was a useful lesson.
Didn't you want to show me something?
I'm surprised that nobody found him.
I have slept badly lately.
Stay here and wait a bit.
Our house was high up so I grew up overlooking the sea.
Tom found a nice flat for Mary.
I'll definitely solve it.
When did you go to bed yesterday?
Does your mother smoke?
Do your parents smoke?
Does anyone in your family smoke?
And God said: My spirit shall not remain in man for ever, because he is flesh, and his days shall be a hundred and twenty years.
Why did they cover the mirrors?
Now giants were upon the earth in those days. For after the sons of God went in to the daughters of men, and they brought forth children, these are the mighty men of old, men of renown.
Who was the woman you were with the other day?
There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.
Afterward, I found out That the Gospel contains too many inconsistencies.
You don't see what we're doing?
I've already forgotten where.
I don't care about costs.
Her hands are shaking.
Tom is acquainted with wild animals' habits.
Do you prefer white or red wine?
They say my sister is a beauty.
Why are you taking this medication?
What is Mary so scared of?
Hornbeams were growing along the highway.
Does Ken know the real Tom's full name?
Tom had worked with me already.
I don't know how I should behave.
He got used to a new life.
In the last year, he has read many books.
There's a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine.
They were always being invited here.
That girl is not for you.
I'm in despair!
The docs are on the table.
Look, it's snow!
That is a great misunderstanding.
Esperanto is spoken in countries.
We're her children.
There are giraffes in the zoo.
Pavel loves chocolate.
All girls are snivelers.
It's lemon juice, but it tastes like orange juice.
This is her friend.
Idiot, I'm talking seriously!
There must be some way out.
We had to make a decision.
You're doing dishes.
You're shorter than Tom.
I'm not sure about my translation.
We're in a laboratory.
We met in Paris.
We became acquainted with each other in Paris.
France is the most-visited country in the world.
We have to put an end to sexual harassment.
In this image, we see an elephant.
She'll wash her hands.
Do you like spring or autumn more?
All the children are healthy?
And God seeing that the wickedness of men was great on the earth, and that all the thought of their heart was bent upon evil at all times, It repented him that he had made man on the earth.
And being touched inwardly with sorrow of heart, he said: I will destroy man, whom I have created, from the face of the earth, from man even to beasts, from the creeping thing even to the fowls of the air, for it repenteth me that I have made them.
Would you like an orange?
Do you guys want an orange?
It seems dangerous.
We have to avoid war at any price.
I have neither time or desire to go there.
"Prostite," he excused himself in Russian.
This man ruled the country for more than years.
He was so tired that he fell asleep in the armchair without even finishing the movie.
It's not safe to stay here.
The dog tucked its tail.
You're far.
Why do people commit the same mistakes?
His speech deeply impressed us.
I don't recommend following my example.
This old book is covered with mold.
Would you guys like to share an orange?
Would you like to share an orange?
Do you want to share an orange?
Do you guys want to share an orange?
Do you all want to share an orange?
Would you all like to share an orange?
"Are you Russian?" "No, I'm Slovak."
Would you like to share an orange with me?
Do you want to share an orange with me?
Do you guys want to share an orange with me?
Would you guys like to share an orange with me?
She has accounts in all social networks.
Do you all want to share an orange with me?
Would you all like to share an orange with me?
The medicine turned out to be worse than the disease.
Now, Tom is going to say the truth.
They're doing a snow job on us.
Tom keeps learning French.
Where's the US embassy?
One more moment and I'll disappear.
What is a meteorite?
Platinum is a chemical element with the symbol Pt.
I couldn't find Mary's house.
That is not a snake but a piece of rope.
My brother smokes.
My sister smokes.
But Noah found grace before the Lord.
Noah was a just and perfect man in his generations, he walked with God.
And the earth was corrupted before God, and was filled with iniquity.
You broke it, you fix it.
My father fixes broken armchairs.
Is it worth fixing?
And when God had seen that the earth was corrupted (for all flesh had corrupted its way upon the earth), He said to Noah: The end of all flesh is come before me, the earth is filled with iniquity through them, and I will destroy them with the earth.
Does it make sense to fix this?
Make thee an ark of timber planks: thou shalt make little rooms in the ark, and thou shalt pitch it within and without.
What is the capital of Madagascar?
And thus shalt thou make it. The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits: the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.
Pet the cat.
I feel like I misplaced something.
Tom had a microsleep while driving and narrowly missed an oncoming semi-trailer.
Tom can barely tolerate Mary's mother.
Where's the pen?
Do you play football every day?
You're the one who should be thanking me.
The mice kept nibbling at the cactus, no matter how much it pricked them and made them cry.
Is it sugar?
Is it salt?
Tom doesn't want to lend anything to anybody.
Nobody had an idea that Tom was going to commit suicide.
No one anticipated that Tom was going to take his life.
Tom bought a ticket to the cinema for himself.
Tom is an analphabet.
How come she's got balls?
Mary isn't omnipotent.
Mary isn't all-powerful.
Mary doesn't want it.
The colander is recognized in the Czech Republic and New Zealand as religious headgear.
Mary doesn't put up with that.
Mary couldn't do it.
Mary couldn't have done it.
Mary won't want to do it.
Mary is a radical vegan.
You're an engineer?
Sami is going to talk to you about your conversion to Islam.
Mary is a syndicalist.
Mary is homophobic.
Mary's homophobic.
Mary's a homophobe.
Mary is a homophobe.
I always run into Mary at every protest.
I always run into Mary at every demonstration.
Mary is xenophobic.
Mary's xenophobic.
Mary is Islamophobic.
Mary's Islamophobic.
Mary's an antisemite.
Mary is an antisemite.
Mary is antisemitic.
Mary's antisemitic.
Mary is anti-capitalist.
Mary is an anti-capitalist.
Mary's anti-capitalist.
Mary's an anti-capitalist.
Mary is an anarcho-syndicalist.
Mary is a Falangist.
Mary is a fascist.
Mary is a social democrat.
Mary is a communist.
Mary is a socialist.
This is too easy for her.
This is too easy for me.
Tom is unable to decide which shirt he should wear.
Tom couldn't take a bath yesterday, because there was no hot water running.
Tom often goes to pass water.
Tom often goes to urinate.
Tom has been unemployed for a long period.
Tom has put salt into his coffee instead of sugar.
Tom suffers from flatulence.
It is hard to cook for Tom because he is too picky.
Tom has got divorced recently.
Tom is proud of his homeland.
Tom failed in English.
Tom has stolen all the money from his parents.
Tom couldn't find a box of matches, which made him very angry.
Tom is said to have stolen a cellphone from somebody.
Tom is said to owe a lot of money.
Tom started translating on Tatoeba.
Tom used to read a bedtime story to his children every day.
Every day, Tom used to read a bedtime story to his children.
Tom is a polyglot. He is fluent in six languages.
Tom is a right-winger.
Tom's school results have deteriorated rapidly.
Tom is said not to get along too well with other people.
Tom overstretches himself. He seldom rests from work.
Tom has undergone liver transplant surgery.
Tom is a proficient linguist.
Tom has to do it by himself. Nobody is allowed to help him.
Tom threw a tantrum and smashed his chair into pieces.
Tom bought a new car and he destroyed it on the same day.
Tom prefers science books to fiction.
Tom poured a bucket with water out of window on the third floor.
Tom receives disability pension.
Tom didn't study hard and he consequently failed.
I was born in Kazakhstan.
It's filled with chocolate cream.
Tom is a beer lover.
When Tom entered the cinema, the film had already begun.
What do the piano pedals do?
What do the pedals do?
What do the pedals on a piano do?
It was an embarrassing moment.
Tom plays the trumpet.
The number immediately before seven is six.
The word immediately before your name should be an acronym of your title.
The person standing in line immediately in front of Tom is Mary.
Tom found this confusing.
I found this confusing at first.
Tom found this confusing at first.
The page immediately after chapter ten in the book had been torn off.
Tom found it confusing.
Tom found it confusing at first.
Tom wasn't particularly pleased.
Tom's parents weren't particularly pleased.
Mary's parents weren't particularly pleased.
You don't seem particularly pleased.
The lake was frozen over.
My parents weren't pleased.
My parents weren't very happy.
Tom's parents weren't very happy.
Mary started to talk about marriage and having children.
Mary just refused to call it a day.
I find you really attractive.
That must be hard to deal with.
In German, there are over ninety verbs with the prefix "ent-".
There are things that cannot be left to chance.
Her story aroused my suspicion.
He is my subordinate.
He reports to me.
Tom found out that somebody had stolen his wallet.
Thou shalt make a window in the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou finish the top of it: and the door of the ark thou shalt set in the side: with lower, middle chambers, and third stories shalt thou make it.
Tom had been living in New York for ten years before he moved to Boston.
This time next year Tom will have been on pension.
We are in for hot sunny days.
Tom fell in love with a girl who is twenty years younger than him.
Tom's life trembles in the balance.
Tom has already been prosecuted twice.
Behold, I will bring the waters of a great flood upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life under heaven. All things that are in the earth shall be consumed.
Tom took a group of schoolchildren hostage.
Tom has planted a bomb on the plane.
No matter how ruthless you are, you'll never snuff out all your enemies.
And I will establish my covenant with thee, and thou shalt enter into the ark, thou and thy sons, and thy wife, and the wives of thy sons with thee.
Tom is a social climber.
Mary is a social climber.
Tom met Mary at a party.
They met at a party.
Tom asked for Mary's hand.
And of every living creature of all flesh, thou shalt bring two of a sort into the ark, that they may live with thee: of the male sex, and the female.
Of fowls according to their kind, and of beasts in their kind, and of every thing that creepeth on the earth according to its kind: two of every sort shall go in with thee, that they may live.
I found the way to her heart.
You know better than I do.
What's a life like this one for?
I have to find a way out of here.
Tom was unable to decide which shirt he should wear.
Tom couldn't decide which shirt he should wear.
Tom accidentally put salt in his coffee.
Tom accidentally put salt in his coffee instead of sugar.
Tom never lends anything to anybody.
Tom never lends anything to anyone.
Tom crashed his car the same day he bought it.
You're shorter than Tom is.
You're taller than Tom.
You're taller than Tom is.
You're heavier than Tom.
You're heavier than Tom is.
You're not as heavy as Tom.
You're not as heavy as Tom is.
You're not as tall as Tom.
You're not as short as Tom.
You're not as tall as Tom is.
You're not as short as Tom is.
You're not as smart as Tom.
You're not as smart as Tom is.
Tom was the first one to enter the cave.
Which one of you is the teacher?
It's the last time I see her.
Tom was at home the whole day.
Tom doesn't seem to trust anybody.
I've never met a smarter man than Tom.
How can I get Tom to fall in love with me?
How can we get Tom to do that for us?
Will you keep your word or not?
My arms are empty.
We all came from space.
which scientist said that?
Do you have something to read on the plane?
Is that sugar?
Is that salt?
We would never do it.
Do you have to read that report today?
Do you have time to read that report today?
Why do you keep looking at your watch?
I've never eaten clams.
I've never eaten crab.
That must be very hard to deal with.
Thou shalt take unto thee of all food that may be eaten, and thou shalt lay it up with thee: and it shall be food for thee and them.
That's my decision to make, not yours.
I've already forgotten what I ate for dinner last night.
Please wait here until I get back.
I'm sorry that I was so late.
I'm sorry I was so late.
I have to go to the dentist after school today.
I don't think that we can do it today.
I don't think that we can do that today.
I don't think we can do that today.
Weren't you going to show me something?
Did you hear about what happened this morning?
You won't believe what I found today.
Look what I found today.
I found this today.
The fence has just been painted.
We've just finished painting the fence.
Do you think that you could help me paint the fence tomorrow?
Do you think you could help me paint the fence tomorrow?
I don't want to know what Tom has done.
This book is missing three pages.
I didn't recognize it.
Will you pick me up after school today?
What's the yen-dollar rate today?
Brazil is undergoing the most serious moral crisis in its history.
It isn't safe to stay here.
I'll do what's required.
Did you really like Boston?
I bought several bottles of wine.
I brought three bottles of wine.
Do you prefer red wine or white wine?
Come to work early tomorrow.
Those shoes are too small for you.
Learn to think positively.
I'm not pleased with the quality of your work.
I spent the whole day in front of my computer.
Don't tell my wife that.
And Noah did all things which God commanded him.
Did you hear about what happened here this morning?
Did you hear about what happened to Tom this morning?
You'd better not get any closer.
Tom does not want to learn Czech even though he has some relatives in Czechia.
Tom doesn't want to learn Czech in spite of the fact that he has some relatives in Czechia.
For yet a while, and after seven days, I will rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights: and I will destroy every substance that I have made, from the face of the earth.
Tom is a native speaker of Esperanto.
Tom is a native Esperanto speaker.
Tom speaks Russian with his father, French with his mother, Esperanto with both, and English at school.
And Noah was six hundred years old when the waters of the flood overflowed the earth.
Tom got fired from his work for serious breach of discipline.
Be a pal and go out for some bread. At the same time, take out the trash.
Tom has built up a shelter under his house in case of some disaster.
And Noah went in and his sons, his wife and the wives of his sons with him into the ark, because of the waters of the flood.
Tom keeps refusing any help, claiming that he will manage it all by himself.
This man is strong.
Tom has never drunk a liquor.
Tom is expecting near crack of doom.
Tom has three sisters, one of which was born in Czechia.
Tom is a computer illiterate.
Tom drinks only twelve-degree beer.
Tom was strolling around the beach naked.
Tom has threatened us three times that he will set our house on fire.
Tom tipped his hat to me.
Tom tipped his hat to Mary.
Tom was a year younger than Mary.
Tom is a year younger than Mary.
Tom is Mary's manager.
That's what I used to think.
What is on your mind?
Tom believes in Feng Shui.
Tom doesn't believe in Feng Shui.
He's always been that way.
Mary dumped him.
Tom dumped her.
Tom dumped his girlfriend.
Tom could have caused a disaster due to his carelessness.
Tom likes dogs but he hates cats.
Tom had roasted duck for lunch and he is sick now.
Tom is legally incapable.
Tom has quickly become addicted to Tatoeba.
Tom has moved to Hungary and applied for Hungarian citizenship.
As a child, Tom wanted to be a teacher but he has become a scientist in the end.
Tom has reduced ability to work.
Tom has borrowed a company car without permission.
Tom refuses to pay alimony.
Tom hijacked a scheduled bus that was full of passengers.
That's nuts.
"That's nuts," said Tom.
"That's nuts," said the squirrel.
Tom is a test pilot.
Tom spent weeks preparing.
Tom spent weeks preparing for the exam.
Tom spent months preparing for the exam.
And of beasts clean and unclean, and of fowls, and of every thing that moveth upon the earth, two and two went in to Noah into the ark, male and female, as the Lord had commanded Noah.
Tom was unsure of what to do next.
Tom was not sure what to do next.
And after the seven days were passed, the waters of the flood overflowed the earth.
I had fun today.
I had fun with you today.
Thanks, Tom. I had fun today.
Thanks, Tom. I had fun with you today.
Thanks for today. I had fun.
In the six hundredth year of the life of Noah, in the second month, in the seventeenth day of the month, all the fountains of the great deep were broken up, and the floodgates of heaven were opened.
Did you have fun today?
And the rain fell upon the earth forty days and forty nights.
Tom wasn't sure what he should do next.
Tom wasn't sure where he should go.
Tom spent weeks preparing for his trip.
Tom was excited about the trip.
I forgot about the money.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Russia and the USSR.
That was unpleasant to me.
That's approximately the same thing.
Why did you choose Tom in particular from all the boys?
The fallen man couldn't rise to his feet.
The fallen man could not get up.
Such a thing usually ends badly.
Do you know what I think in this regard?
Before you go to sleep, you absolutely must take this medication.
Dan will make you happy.
Today you play jazz while tomorrow you are going to sell out your motherland.
"Do you mean Danish kroner or Swedish kronor?" "Czech koruny."
I'm not fond of chaos.
Such is my principle.
The tights were ripped at the knees.
He was run over with a car.
Tom comes from Germany. He lives in Berlin. Tom is German. He speaks German.
I believe they know you.
I'm asking you to respect my decision.
Is her father in the garden?
I don't remember my first kiss.
That is a success.
Tom has lost his phone again.
You were just lucky.
You're thinking only about money.
From whom did you find that out?
Tom hanged himself yesterday.
Tom is always dissatisfied with something.
Tom appealed the sentence.
Tom used to smoke up to forty cigarettes a day, but last summer he quit smoking completely.
Tom will be fifty next year.
Tom hates sultry weather.
Tom dislikes winter.
Tom has never swum in the sea.
Tom smashed the old furniture to pieces and then he burned it.
Tom wanted to parachute but his family talked him out of it.
Tom said that he would not tolerate any animals in his flat.
Tom has never owned a driving licence.
Tom is very rude to his wife but he behaves towards other people.
Tom drank away all his property.
Tom threatened to commit suicide if he should get fired.
Tom wanted to swim across the lake but he overshot himself and drowned.
Tom has already overslept three times this week.
Tom was given an hour's notice.
Tom is said to be possessed by the devil.
Tom asked us what we would do if the weather was nice.
Tom values his life and health and therefore he never risks unnecessarily.
Tom said that he must return home at once.
Tom said that he had to return home immediately.
Don't worry. I'll fix everything.
Tom is certified.
And the flood was forty days upon the earth: and the waters increased, and lifted up the ark on high from the earth.
Tom decided to file a complaint against his neighbours.
Spaghetti is one of Tom's favorite dishes.
Tom is very strict teacher and children do not like him.
Tom attacked his workmate.
Tom was tired because he had been working in the garden the whole day long.
For they overflowed exceedingly: and filled all on the face of the earth: and the ark was carried upon the waters.
Tom lost his birth certificate.
Tom scolded a shop assistant for her slow service.
And the waters prevailed beyond measure upon the earth: and all the high mountains under the whole heaven were covered.
Temperatures hit degrees Celsius in northern India.
Tom complained about having to stand in line.
Tom cut a hole in the wall.
Tom cut a small hole in the wall.
Tom demolished the wall.
Tom found the source of the problem.
Tom zoomed in.
Tom zoomed out.
There's a small leak.
There's no point in getting upset.
There's no point in getting upset about it.
There were leaks in the roof.
There are leaks in the roof.
Several buckets were scattered around the floor.
There's a small leak in the roof.
This house has a leaky roof.
Tom's house has a leaky roof.
Tom repaired the leak.
Can she speak English?
Icicles hung from the roof.
Tom used a wall scanner before drilling a hole in the wall.
Tom drilled a hole in the wall and hit a water pipe.
Tom drilled a hole in the wall and hit an electrical cable.
This wall scanner uses radar technology.
Tom has a tankless water heater.
I just want to forget about the whole thing.
Tom just wanted to forget about the whole thing.
Are those real diamonds?
This is a fake diamond.
This is a real diamond.
Mary wore a necklace.
Mary wore a rhinestone necklace.
Mary wore a rhinestone necklace and earrings.
Tom bought Mary a moissanite engagement ring.
Tom bought Mary a diamond engagement ring.
Tom bought Mary a cubic zirconia engagement ring.
Tom used a thermal camera to detect leaks in the walls.
There's a small leak in the roof that needs fixing.
Tom is a gemologist.
Diamonds are very hard.
It was a test of wills.
Tom wrote his will.
Have you written your will?
Mineral hardness is measured on the Mohs scale.
This is a synthetic diamond.
I would like to know why women live longer than men.
Aren't you supposed to be on a diet?
Tom was impressed with Mary's self-control.
Tom's house has a hidden room.
There's no point in getting upset over this.
There's a storage space underneath the stairs.
Tom remodeled his house.
Tom remodeled his kitchen.
Mary remodeled her kitchen.
Mary wanted to remodel the kitchen.
I did not expect this.
Tom did not expect this.
Tom had not been expecting this.
Are you going to college today?
Where did he learn Esperanto?
It was not at all what Tom had expected.
She had not been expecting this.
That's a recipe for disaster.
Tom offered to help his neighbor.
Tom offered to help his neighbour.
She's really high maintenance.
A dwarf married a big man.
A woman of short stature married a big man.
I finished the job.
This is an important decision.
Their father called them.
I found the food here to be a little spicy.
This medicine is not effective against the flu.
People are trapped by what they believe to be reality.
She is wearing a beautiful hand embroidered kimono.
He is efficient.
Several buckets were scattered around the house.
It is efficient.
Several buckets were scattered around the apartment.
Last summer I started to work in a shopping center.
What year was the school built?
Then we went out into the fresh air and , sitting on the lawn, continued to talk.
This is not even a little bit normal.
Boston is one of the most beautiful cities in the world and many people want to visit it.
The water leaked because there was a hole in the channel.
I'm done studying.
I do not know if he is Spanish or Argentinian.
She is perplexed.
She is confused.
Do you see my dog?
Tom renounced his parental rights.
We buy junk.
We observe whether you tell the truth.
We play chess with a checkerboard.
He is talking, and his words sound sweet and enjoyable.
She wrote seven letters for me.
It's not hard to figure out why.
Tom doesn't talk much about his family.
We learn a language better imitating good examples.
I drank a cup of milk and ate two pieces of bread with butter for breakfast.
The water was fifteen cubits higher than the mountains which it covered.
You should come tonight to try it out.
It is normal and even desirable that the apprentice surpass the master.
I am surprised at your reaction.
A cruise ship crashed into a dock in Venice.
Tom has never got the credit for anything.
A train leaves this station every two hours.
She is careful when writing in Latin.
Make need a virtue.
An aristocrat is a member of the aristocracy.
You should help him immediately.
Learn to be content with little.
Tom draws comic books and earns money with this.
Tom believes that Earth is hollow.
Is there life on Europa?
Is there life in Europe?
Tom hit a deer.
Tom hit a deer on the road.
Tom hit a deer and totaled his car.
Mary looked aghast.
Tom looked aghast.
Tom tracked the deer.
Tom is out hunting.
Tom wears his keys around his neck for fear that he might lost them.
Tom is a deer hunter.
Mary baked a pie.
Mary baked an apple pie.
Male deer have antlers.
Tom used auto-tune.
Tom uses auto-tune.
This artists uses auto-tune.
This singer uses auto-tune.
This singer uses auto-tune to alter his voice.
Tom uses auto-tune to alter his voice.
Tom sang off-key.
I can't sing that high.
Tom claims that he was abducted by aliens.
And all flesh was destroyed that moved upon the earth, both of fowl and of cattle, and of beasts, and of all creeping things that creep upon the earth: and all men. And all things wherein there is the breath of life on the earth, died.
Tom auditioned for The Voice.
It's a great way to meet new people.
Tom couldn't sing the high notes.
Tom can't sing the high notes.
Tom met up with his friends.
Tom met up with his friends after school.
Mary met up with her friends after school.
Mary met up with her friends.
Tom prefers the acoustic version.
Tom prefers the acoustic version of this song.
Tom joined the school band.
Tom auditioned for American Idol.
Tom auditioned for Canadian Idol.
I would like everyone to win.
You cannot want what you do not know.
I could have done better on the test.
Do you like what you are reading?
This is poor quality brandy.
I need to talk to you now!
And he destroyed all the substance that was upon the earth, from man even to beast, and the creeping things and fowls of the air: and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only remained, and they that were with him in the ark.
Everyone calls me Guilherme, but I go by Augusto as well.
Wait for me at the door.
What page should I read to you?
And the waters prevailed upon the earth a hundred and fifty days.
I scraped my knee on the fence.
He spent his time studying the soul and the mysterious relation between the spiritual and the material world.
You will achieve it, my friend!
I was satisfied with the silence.
I will buy a shirt tomorrow.
Do you like lamb meat?
He would sell your soul to the devil.
She is abnormal.
You have ketchup around your mouth.
You are my guiding star.
I need to help my family.
She held a large bouquet of artificial flowers in her hands.
Do you know how Maria's leg is?
After his blood, the best thing a man can give of himself is a tear.
When you see me, don't pretend that you don't know me.
He wrote like he spoke.
She knew the place where you would be later.
Your eyes shine like the stars.
The gypsies danced around the bonfire.
Believe that I understand your distaste.
He threw a stone in the lake.
Everyone came except Dad.
If you go fast, you will miss it.
It is known that music influences the psyche.
You have a heart of stone.
She used to sit on the balcony eating peanuts.
The conversation today was about creativity.
The most magnificent and most admirable is the simplest.
The currency of Australia is the Australian Dollar.
I studied for three years.
Is she Italian?
It is better to do what she says.
Where are my swords?
Some people are rich and others are poor.
What is made by your mother-in-law?
Soup cannot by eaten with a fork.
He was careful going down the stairs.
Naturally we will be careful to avoid an accident.
Naturally we will be careful in order to avoid an accident.
We should never use an atomic bomb.
You were dressed.
Curiosity overcomes fear.
Tom sits down in the grass, in the shade of a large tree, and eats a sandwich.
His grandfather had Alzheimer's Disease and he will probably have it too.
I have only one desire.
I only have one wish.
"I like you a lot!" - " I, however, don't like you." - "But why not?"
Tom is off his meds again.
Tom's off his meds again.
Tom's off the wagon again.
Tom is back in the hospital.
Tom's back in the hospital.
Tom's back on the street.
Tom is back on the street.
Tom is back in the slammer.
Tom is back on the bottle.
Tom is back on the junk.
Tom's back on the junk.
Tom's back on the bottle.
Tom's back in the slammer.
Tom's back at the mission.
Tom can't keep his shit together.
He's at school.
She's at school.
It's at school.
The minister doesn't want to resign.
Tom threw the fish back into the water.
There's nothing left to eat at home.
There's nothing left to drink at home.
There's no food left in the house.
This convenience store is open 24/7.
This restaurant is open 24/7.
This restaurant never closes.
This convenience store never closes.
Because the servers communicated in their mother tongue among themselves, some customers complained and thereby made a pathetic display of their own shortcomings.
He's inside the school.
She's inside the school.
She isn't likely to come.
I planted ten trees; eight took and two died.
The event starts at six o'clock in the evening.
I have a lot of gaps in my knowledge of math.
I don't feel like waiting for that.
I don't like talking about my past.
The scar on your chin isn't at all noticeable.
I don't plan to stay very long.
I've already told Tom where to park his car.
Did you lock the car?
Tom was all ears.
I was deceived.
Add some salt.
Fax this to Tom.
I'm broke again.
I have two sons. One is in Boston and the other in Chicago.
You didn't pay attention.
You've been tortured.
You have been tortured.
You were tortured.
"Where have they been for work?" "In Africa."
She went to the bank.
He went to the bank.
And God remembered Noah, and all the living creatures, and all the cattle which were with him in the ark, and brought a wind upon the earth, and the waters were abated.
The fountains also of the deep, and the floodgates of heaven, were shut up, and the rain from heaven was restrained.
And the waters returned from off the earth going and coming: and they began to be abated after a hundred and fifty days. .
And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Armenia.
Tom likes all music genres except for brass music.
Tom is a recidivist.
So far, Tom has been penalised twice.
And the waters were going and decreasing until the tenth month: for in the tenth month, the first day of the month, the tops of the mountains appeared.
Maybe we have to say it.
The pool has a retractable cover.
The swimming pool has a retractable cover.
I'm no longer on a diet.
I'm not on a diet anymore.
He is a stubborn and intransigent demagogue.
He's a stubborn and intransigent demagogue.
This block doesn't have a community pool.
Solar panels don't work at night.
She's the best teacher.
She's the best professor.
Tom lost all his teeth.
And after that forty days were passed, Noah opening the window of the ark, which he had made, sent forth a raven, which went forth and did not return, till the waters were dried up upon the earth.
Leave your ivory tower.
He sent forth also a dove after him, to see if the waters had now ceased upon the face of the earth.
Tom forgot to switch off the light in the hall before he left his house.
The attempt to resuscitate Tom failed.
When Tom returned home in the evening, he found out that there was no supper left for him.
Tom refused to do night shifts.
Tom is a reformed alcoholic.
But she not finding where her foot might rest, returned to him into the ark: for the waters were upon the whole earth: and he put forth his hand, and caught her, and brought her into the ark.
Tom returned to his profession in the end.
Stop disturbing Tom now!
Tom is threatening his wife with divorce.
Tom is complaining about not earning enough money.
Happy Ramadan Feast.
And having waited yet seven other days, he again sent forth the dove out of the ark.
And she came to him in the evening carrying a bough of an olive tree, with green leaves, in her mouth. Noah therefore understood that the waters were ceased upon the earth.
And he stayed yet other seven days: and he sent forth the dove, which returned not any more unto him.
Therefore in the six hundredth and first year, the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were lessened upon the earth, and Noah opening the covering of the ark, looked, and saw that the face of the earth was dried.
He has time to go for a walk.
He has time to take walks.
In the second month, the seven and twentieth day of the month, the earth was dried.
And God spoke to Noah, saying: Go out of the ark, thou and thy wife, thy sons and the wives of thy sons with thee. All living things that are with thee of all flesh, as well in fowls as in beasts, and all creeping things that creep upon the earth, bring out with thee, and go ye upon the earth: increase and multiply upon it.
He was dropped from the team because of an injury.
So Noah went out, he and his sons: his wife, and the wives of his sons with him.
And all living things, and cattle, and creeping things that creep upon the earth, according to their kinds went out of the ark.
Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.
This girl's hair has the red hue of the setting sun.
And Noah built an altar unto the Lord: and taking of all cattle and fowls that were clean, offered holocausts upon the altar.
I compose songs.
I write songs.
Eat healthily.
Every year Moscow pays a tribute of billion dollars to the Chechen Republic to keep it part of Russia.
And the Lord smelled a sweet savour, and said: I will no more curse the earth for the sake of man: for the imagination and thought of man's heart are prone to evil from his youth: therefore I will no more destroy every living soul as I have done.
All the days of the earth, seedtime and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, night and day, shall not cease.
It’s impossible to relate them.
You digress!
Tom seemed like a really nice person.
Tom is really a good lawyer.
I don't care why Tom did it. I'm just glad he did it.
There doesn't seem to be a problem.
You should hire a lawyer.
I hope that you and Tom have a good time.
I hope you and Tom will have a good time.
I hope that you and Tom will have a good time.
I'll send you the book by mail.
I'll send the book to you by mail.
I invited her to dinner.
Tom blew a raspberry at Mary and ran away.
Why don't you show Tom how to do that?
Please start up the motor, Tom.
Start your motors.
I can't seem to get the motor started.
I can't get my lawnmower started.
Tom asked for help but to no avail.
And God blessed Noah and his sons. And he said to them: Increase, and multiply, and fill the earth.
As a teenager, Tom used to eat bread and lard.
And let the fear and dread of you be upon all the beasts of the earth, and upon all the fowls of the air, and all that move upon the earth: all the fishes of the sea are delivered into your hand.
What a creep!
And every thing that moveth, and liveth shall be meat for you: even as the green herbs have I delivered them all to you: Saving that flesh with blood you shall not eat.
For I will require the blood of your lives at the hand of every beast, and at the hand of man, at the hand of every man, and of his brother, will I require the life of man.
I cannot understand what is Tom so proud of.
Tom paid for German course, he was present at the introductory lesson and he hasn't showed himself there since.
Whosoever shall shed man's blood, his blood shall be shed: for man was made to the image of God.
Tom stopped drinking coffee completely.
Tom likes being praised by people.
Tom said that he would do it some other time.
Tom died climbing Mount Everest.
Tom seems to have lost his meaning of life.
Tom hates killing of animals.
Do you have any ice cream?
He doesn't need sympathy, but support.
Could you speak a bit more slowly?
She is listening to the radio.
This is an African lion.
Your Dutch is terrible.
I want to have a rich husband.
But increase you and multiply, and go upon the earth and fill it.
Verily I say unto thee, lay thine eyes upon the field in which my fucks are grown. Behold that it is barren.
Tom does not go to the pools on principle.
Tom believes that people deliberately put obstacles in his way.
Thus also said God to Noah, and to his sons with him: Behold I will establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you: And with every living soul that is with you, as well in all birds, as in cattle and beasts of the earth, that are come forth out of the ark, and in all the beasts of the earth.
The group of leaders is marching without slowing down the pace.
Tom signed a petition to ban fur farms.
Tom was disinherited by his parents.
Tom dislikes his wife's parents.
Tom said that he would carry on helping his adult children.
Tom does not believe in good anymore.
Do you know where the restaurant is?
She wants independence for her soul and her thoughts.
Sometimes they talk about revolution.
If you want to imagine the future, imagine a foot stepping on a human's face forever.
There was no more love left but Big Brother's.
Tom imitated barking.
If you study a lot, you will certainly pass the entrance exam.
Did they check them?
Did they check her?
I don't like this drawing.
Did they check him?
Did she check them?
Did she check her?
Did she check him?
Did he check them?
Did he check her?
Did he check him?
Did you check them?
Did you check her?
Did you check him?
Tom has been a vegetarian since his visit to slaughterhouse.
Did they feel bad for you?
Tom said that there was no point in growing vegetables when it can be bought.
Shame on you, Meẓyan.
The soldier is dead.
She is not my enemy.
He brought her home.
What do they want from them?
He gave them back to you.
Aren't they going home?
They are words of a value.
When did she take her car?
They just finished eating.
Is she accepting them?
Please close that door with a key.
Where is your notebook?
I will establish my covenant with you, and all flesh shall be no more destroyed with the waters of a flood, neither shall there be from henceforth a flood to waste the earth.
And God said: This is the sign of the covenant which I give between me and you, and to every living soul that is with you, for perpetual generations. I will set my bow in the clouds, and it shall be the sign of a covenant between me and the earth.
Tom went on a hunger strike.
We live in a society.
Your inscription was excellent.
And when I shall cover the sky with clouds, my bow shall appear in the clouds: And I will remember my covenant with you, and with every living soul that beareth flesh: and there shall no more be waters of a flood to destroy all flesh.
And the bow shall be in the clouds, and I shall see it, and shall remember the everlasting covenant, that was made between God and every living soul of all flesh which is upon the earth.
And God said to Noah: This shall be the sign of the covenant, which I have established, between me and all flesh upon the earth.
If only I could buy a motorcycle!
And the sons of Noah, who came out of the ark, were Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan.
It's deep here, and swimming is dangerous.
These three are the sons of Noah: and from these was all mankind spread over the whole earth.
A woman is the guardian of the hearth.
And Noah a husbandman began to till the ground, and planted a vineyard. And drinking of the wine was made drunk, and was uncovered in his tent.
And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without.
It's necessary if we want to stay in one piece.
It's necessary if we want to remain unhurt.
I think almost all of them joined the conspiracy.
Tom is a wedding planner.
Tom was the first person to enter the cave.
The stag beetle disappeared into the sky.
She never gave in to temptation.
You never gave in to temptation.
Tom used to read bedtime stories to his children every night.
Tom waters the potted plants on his porch every morning before going to work.
I don't think Tom told us the truth.
I don't think that Tom told us the truth.
Tom waters the potted plants on his porch every morning before he goes to work.
Tom was at home all day.
I think we're going to have trouble meeting the deadline.
I think that we're going to have trouble meeting the deadline.
The deadline is today at 2:30.
Tom wasn't able to get into the university that he wanted to go to.
Tom wasn't able to get into the university he wanted to go to.
They study math.
This animal is better than that one.
How many people know where they live?
Where would we go then?
Every country is mostly known abroad for its vices.
In Kyoto, there are lots of things to see.
There are a lot of things to see in Kyoto.
Unfortunately, I didn't quite understand what she wanted to say.
Mary is adored by the people.
Every day I commute from Rennes to Quimper.
Every day I go from Rennes to Quimper.
I started to prepare myself.
I started getting ready.
He's become very wise and looks very good.
A lot was actually done.
The man wearing the jacket is Freddy.
You talk like my grandmother.
You're talking like my grandmother.
The port city of Hamburg is the largest urban development project in Europe.
Many kinds of animals are threatened with extinction.
He hasn't had any sort of remorse.
The vase has broken into a thousand pieces.
The lyrics are the most important part of this song.
Eternity is the present moment.
Can you take care of the kids for a moment?
Can you take care of the children for a moment?
I went to the market to buy meat, rice, potatoes, pasta, wine, and orange juice for dinner.
This device doesn't work.
His fear of flying is a serious handicap in his career.
Her fear of flying is a serious handicap in her career.
Walking on the street, I saw my friend.
Don't you guys have phones?
Stability is a double-edged sword.
Tom was very sorry for the inconvenience he had caused.
I'm now fairly certain that that's not going to happen.
I'm now fairly certain that's not going to happen.
I'm now fairly certain that isn't going to happen.
I'm now fairly certain that that isn't going to happen.
There are lot of places that I haven't been to.
There are lot of places I haven't been to.
It's very likely someone will be waiting for us.
It's very likely that somebody will be waiting for us.
It's very likely somebody will be waiting for us.
Tom was the only person there.
Tom gets along well with his coworkers.
When's your rent due?
This is my favorite object.
Tom is busy getting ready for his trip.
This is my favourite object.
Where's the gift shop?
Tom is getting ready to move to Boston.
Whose team are you on?
Tom is going to a concert this evening.
You can only die once.
Tom is going to be moving to Australia.
You look very healthy.
Tom wants Mary to do something for him.
It's been a long time since I've gotten off work while it's still light outside.
I want to get home before it gets dark.
I hope we get to Tom's house before it gets dark.
We left early in the morning before it got light.
Tom is a good golfer.
Tom is one of the best golfers I know.
When did you start playing golf?
How many years have you been playing golf?
Tom started playing golf when he was thirteen.
Tom started playing golf when he was thirteen years old.
This girl's hair had the red hue of the setting sun.
The operation lasted six hours.
I'll get on with my work.
But Shem and Japheth put a cloak upon their shoulders, and going backward, covered the nakedness of their father: and their faces were turned away, and they saw not their father's nakedness.
And Noah awaking from the wine, when he had learned what his younger son had done to him, he said: Cursed be Canaan, a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren.
Do you like Spring or Autumn more?
And he said: Blessed be the Lord God of Shem, be Canaan his servant.
May God enlarge Japheth, and may he dwell in the tents of Shem, and Canaan be his servant.
Tom started to avoid people.
And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years. And all his days were in the whole nine hundred and fifty years: and he died.
How much petrol is left in the tank?
These are the names of the children of Israel, that went into Egypt with Jacob: they went in every man with his household: Ruben, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, Zabulon, and Benjamin, Dan, and Nephthali, Gad and Asher.
She's right.
The sun worshippers are gathering on the beach.
The vacationers are gathering on the beach.
Eid Mubarak.
Tom is on the run and armed.
I'm laid-back.
And all the souls that came out of Jacob's thigh, were seventy: but Joseph was in Egypt.
After he was dead, and all his brethren, and all that generation, the children of Israel increased, and sprung up into multitudes, and growing exceedingly strong they filled the land.
The garage is on the side of the house.
I sat by her side.
She sat by my side.
I wasn't disappointed at all.
I'm being candid with you.
In the meantime there arose a new king over Egypt, that knew not Joseph. And he said to his people: Behold the people of the children of Israel are numerous and stronger than we. Come let us wisely oppress them, lest they multiply: and if any war shall rise against us, join with our enemies, and having overcome us, depart out of the land.
Shall we go and visit Tom at the hospital on our way home?
I think Tom expects too much from us.
I think Tom's expectations of us are too high.
I took a handicraft course last year.
In his pictures, the same motives can be seen.
In his paintings, he uses the colours of autumn.
The streets are dirty.
We have a lot of competitors.
There's no excuse for your acts.
I see her house.
I can see her house.
Leave if you wish.
Tom reads novels.
Those two children are the same age.
The doors on the left side will be open.
The door on the left side will be open.
Could you leave this book with me?
He would sell his soul to the devil.
He would sell her soul to the devil.
Therefore he set over them masters of the works, to afflict them with burdens: and they built for Pharaoh cities of tabernacles, Phithom, and Ramesses.
I wasn't allowed to eat.
I definitely don't want that to happen.
She delivered the baby in the early morning.
She started feeling her contractions.
I don't eat junk food.
I am sorry about this.
I just put that in the back of my head.
I knew this.
I still felt that something was amiss.
I saw my mother's face.
She was a little bit dismissive.
I oversaw everything.
I could feel the pain.
I started to regain feeling in my arm.
I didn't take coaching classes.
I already have a kid.
I'm in my mid forties.
I don't know what is going to happen.
I'm ready to come out.
I was ready to meet him.
I have been waiting for them.
I was listening to her.
I can be a good and honest partner.
I don't want her to be in pain.
I was having a hard time breathing.
I almost cried in the video.
I was taken to the ER.
I'm here in the room.
I was worried and concerned.
I was so exhausted.
I barely knew what was going on.
I wanted to go where she was.
I have small ears.
I was kept for fourteen days in the hospital.
I've got to stay in the hospital.
I have had a small amount of time to think about this.
I know she loves me.
I dismissed it as something that's not important.
I feel revolted.
I was wearing this.
I don't need to talk to anybody.
I got his license plate number.
I was in a truck.
I was taking pictures.
I put the babies in the car.
I need to start the car.
I was shaking.
I needed a minute to gather myself.
I have been doing this my whole life.
But the more they oppressed them, the more they were multiplied and increased.
I am tired of admonishing Tom all the time.
Chance of Tom mending his ways is minimal.
Tom is too lazy to walk his dog in the evening, so his wife takes the dog for a walk.
Tom was replaced with a more efficient worker.
Everyone knows that Tom won't tolerate it.
I told Tom that he could stick that.
I ruined it all.
Tom suspects his neighbor of stealing his hens.
I will need it.
I'm in the corner.
I spent the night in my car.
I was pretty pissed.
I required one thing of her.
I was dying with worry.
I shot her a text.
I took it literally.
I like the logo.
I see this logo everywhere.
I'm recording.
I was fuming.
I didn't get mad at her.
I could have called him.
I drove by.
I sat in my car.
I was staring down the street.
I was screaming.
I decided to text her.
I recharged my phone.
I called her a bitch.
I don't want an open relationship.
I want to explain that.
I'm not telling these stories to make you think I'm a good person.
I don't have to go through the same shitty experience as her.
I sent her a text.
I don't want to hear her side.
I was trying to adjust myself to fit her needs.
I just deleted everything.
I didn't read anything.
I'm so upset.
I'm not interested in anything.
I don't believe anything.
I knew we were not compatible.
I was irritated with her.
I just shut down like a computer.
I was bawling.
I didn't sleep with her.
I didn't take a taxi.
I swore nothing happened.
I kept deleting every text she sent me.
I was pretty young.
I was beside myself.
I was holding a stuffed animal.
Where's the judge?
I was tiny.
I don't want to make her cry.
I need to explain this.
I'm misunderstood.
I tried to apologize.
I know how this feels.
I shot my car door.
I will never speak to you again.
I drove off.
I was driving down the street.
I had to pull over.
I realized this would never work.
I picked her up.
I didn't want to hug her.
I made a painful choice.
I unfriended her on Facebook.
I didn't block her on Facebook.
I received an e-mail from her.
Tom won't let his children go on a school trip.
I can't talk to her anymore.
I blamed her for everything.
I stopped talking to her.
I'm friends with her.
I had a brief relationship with her.
I reenganged with her.
I'll teach her a lesson.
I need to give her time to cool down.
I deeply care about her.
I'm with her.
I'm listening to her.
I've already told her.
Tom seized an unsecured bus at night and he took a ride for pleasure with it until early morning.
I met her in high school.
I knew everything about her.
I didn't know her.
I always considered her as a friend.
I didn't really know her.
I didn't talk to her.
I don't remember where I met her.
I was a jerk to her.
I was too possessive with her.
I used to tell her what to wear.
I saw her high-five him.
I will never marry her.
I wasn't doing anything behind her back.
I never cheated her.
I never judged her.
I was very controlling with her.
I made fun of her.
I told her to shut the fuck up.
I'm not with her.
I didn't make her cry.
I'm sure you're going to like her.
I took her order and went back to the kitchen.
I know her boyfriend.
I gave her money.
And the Egyptians hated the children of Israel, and afflicted them and mocked them. And they made their life bitter with hard works in clay and brick, and with all manner of service, wherewith they were overcharged in the works of the earth.
I paid her.
I handed her her soda.
I wasn't hearing her.
I didn't hear her correctly.
I know what the problem is with her.
I have never slept with her.
I didn't pay her.
I stole her soda.
I made her really cry.
I made her so upset.
I didn't pay for her soda.
I ate lunch with her.
I can't even see her.
I couldn't believe that he had just done that to her.
Sugar isn't good for you.
I was talking to her friend.
Sugar isn't good for your health.
I could have arrested her.
I didn't threaten her.
I didn't punch her in the face.
I got home from her wedding.
Sugar isn't healthy.
I messaged her on Facebook.
I have nothing to do with her.
I just hate her.
I will let her know.
I was targeted by her.
I noticed her.
I was being so nasty to her.
I was sleeping with her.
I told her the story.
I fought her.
I wanted to fight her.
I just didn't like her.
I worked with her at that restaurant.
I let her get that tattoo.
I know her family.
I introduced her to that guy.
I would do anything to make her laugh.
I met her at that party.
I ruined her life.
I got really mad at her.
I'm goofy like her.
I took her to that party.
I went to her party.
I was making out with her.
I made out with her.
I went outside with her.
I didn't notice her.
I left with her.
I said goodbye to her.
I said hello to her.
I'll call her later.
I gave her a kiss.
I drove her to the party.
I was made at her.
I wanted nothing to do with her.
I don't talk to her.
I love her so much.
I let her be whatever she wants to be.
I let her do whatever she wants.
I support her.
I sat next to her.
I didn't date her.
I never dated her in high school.
I think I really like her.
I think I love her.
I know her father.
I don't want to repeat her mistakes.
Tom found an abandoned young fox and adopted it.
You're good for nothing.
You're worthless.
Tom ordered to tear down the old school in his hometown.
I won't go to the party if Tom is there.
And the king of Egypt spoke to the midwives of the Hebrews: of whom one was called Sephora, the other Phua, commanding them: When you shall do the office of midwives to the Hebrew women, and the time of delivery is come: if it be a man child, kill it: if a woman, keep it alive.
Everyone for themselves.
Each man for himself.
Every man for himself and God for us all.
Everyone for themselves and God for us all.
But the midwives feared God, and did not do as the king of Egypt had commanded, but saved the men children.
And the king called for them and said: What is it that you meant to do, that you would save the men children?
I'm absolutely sure that I did nothing wrong.
I was the one who became pregnant.
They answered: The Hebrew women are not as the Egyptian women: for they themselves are skilful in the office of a midwife; and they are delivered before we come to them.
Get out of here or I'll call the police.
He spent all of last night revising that document.
Therefore God dealt well with the midwives: and the people multiplied and grew exceedingly strong. And because the midwives feared God, he built them houses.
Pharaoh therefore charged all his people, saying: Whatsoever shall be born of the male sex, ye shall cast into the river: whatsoever of the female, ye shall save alive.
It's getting bigger.
What's the first day of the year?
His reign will be disastrous and brief.
Her reign will be disastrous and brief.
Your reign will be disastrous and brief.
A green light means go.
They missed the bus.
I was sure you would change your mind.
Your love is fake.
Your love is false.
We have a passion for crime stories.
Let the rice sit for a bit.
The professor saw someone copying on the test.
Sunlight can heat water.
At the moment, it's all I can say.
The doctor says to eat more.
This seems odd to me.
You have to read.
Do you not have your own opinion?
God is One, there is no god besides God, Muhammad is the messanger of God, his message is the truth from God.
I knew Tom would be able to do that well.
Tom is American, but lives in Austria, because he loves kangaroos.
There are koalas in Austria.
Koalas can only be seen in Austria.
Tom has a soft spot for platypuses, so he moved to Austria.
Sami is a God-fearing man.
Sami is a Muslim man.
Sami is really weird.
Sami wanted to show me one of his favorite places.
Sami will go to the movies.
Sami misinterpreted my text message.
Sami won't do it again.
Sami wants to eat French fries.
Sami didn't eat his fries.
Sami got us some fries.
Sami wants some French fries.
Sami doesn't ear French fries.
Sami doesn't like French fries.
Sami wants some fries with it.
Sami eats pizza with French fries.
Sami paid six dollars for the French fries.
Sami went to the zoo.
Sami is afraid of bugs.
Sami has a fear of bugs.
Sami is afraid of some birds.
Sami went inside the cage.
Sami had a bird named Farid.
Sami is in his parents' room.
Sami doesn't like birds.
Sami forced Layla to watch the movie.
Sami gave his bird away.
Sami gave his parrot away.
Sami likes birds.
Sami hates birds.
Sami wants to buy a parrot.
Sami bought a new cage for his bird.
Sami bought a bigger cage for his parrot.
Sami spent a really nice day on the beach.
Sami and Layla went to the beach.
Sami is enjoying himself on the beach.
Sami got drunk on his birthday.
Sami's mom is a teacher.
Sami watched my video.
Sami doesn't need his phone.
Sami put his phone away.
Sami watches our videos.
Sami is home and he's fine.
Sami has a Youtube channel.
Sami is working on his music.
Sami is making new songs.
Sami spent the weekend partying.
Sami has been working on his Youtube channel.
Sami isn't my boss, so he's not supposed to tell me what to do.
Sami wasn't in that office.
Sami and Layla aren't boyfriend and girlfriend.
Sami called his friends.
Sami is having a fun day.
Sami is having a fun day on the beach.
Sami needs to get rid of his girlfriend.
Sami needs to get his hat.
Same was sitting in my car.
Sami got a bad influence on me.
Sami had bad eating habits.
Sami eats at that restaurant.
Sami wanted to show me a good sushi place.
Sami wants to eat fries.
Sami eats at a sushi place.
Sami wanted to go to a sushi places.
Sami hasn't finished reading his book.
Sami is reading his book.
Sami stayed home to read his book.
Sami didn't want to go to the zoo.
Sami and Layla went to the beach together.
Sami was waiting in the wings.
Sami is in Layla's house.
Sami started gathering his stuff.
Sami doesn't wear this t-shirt.
Sami is a crazy man.
Sami is a psycho.
Sami is breaking up with Layla this weekend.
Sami wants to talk with you about a couple of things.
Sami could change his mind.
Sami told me some stories.
Sami was really mean to his girlfriend.
Sami beat his wife.
Sami was trying to control his girlfriend.
Sami did a new song.
Sami texted the wrong person.
Sami doesn't like rap music.
Sami has got to get rid of his girlfriend.
Sami has got a career ahead of him.
Sami didn't eat the food.
Sami is going to stay in the office.
Sami is hanging out with his friends today.
Sami came after the party.
Sami was going to the mall.
Sami is hanging out with his friends.
Sami was chilling at the house.
Sami wants to get some rest.
Sami and Layla watched a movie.
Sami didn't get the hint.
Sami will come another day.
Sami is gonna stay home.
Sami doesn't feel like going to the zoo.
Sami called me a billion times.
Sami called his son.
Sami is working on his YouTube channel.
Sami is just wasting time.
Sami made Layla breakfast.
Sami put the frozen sandwich in the microwave.
Sami can make his breakfast himself.
Sami makes his breakfast himself.
Sami treated his girlfriend so well.
Sami treats his girlfriend well.
Sami doesn't just waste time.
Sami decided to end the conversation.
Sami hung up in Layla's face.
Sami disrespected his girlfriend.
Sami texted Layla the next day.
Sami was a crazy boy.
Sami texted Layla a few days later.
Sami wanted to show Layla so many great things.
Sami has so many great things he wants to show Layla.
Sami watches documentaries.
Sami is trying to control his girlfriend.
Sami has found what he loves in life.
Sami loves making YouTube videos.
Sami texted a quote to me.
Sami decided to block Layla on Facebook.
Sami checked his Facebook page.
Sami doesn't want Layla in his life.
Sami doesn't know how Layla found his Facebook page.
Sami is listening to the recording.
Sami isn't on Tinder.
Sami needs to refresh his memory.
Sami needs to focus on his career.
Sami wants to focus on his career.
Sami has many crazy stories.
Sami missed Layla's videos.
Sami uploaded new videos.
Sami has uploaded new videos.
Sami has new videos up.
Sami kept watching that video.
Sami has a black dog.
Sami didn't do a video.
Sami broke his phone.
Sami sent Layla a crazy text.
Sami and Layla don't have any mutual friends on Facebook.
Sami wants to take Layla out on a date.
Sami was a little bit early and had some time to kill.
Sami and Layla are planning a wedding.
Sami was silent the whole time.
Sami likes cocktails.
Sami got a glass of wine.
Sami went to the bar to get a drink.
Sami needs to go home to feed his cats.
I'm a big-city person.
Sami got Layla a cup of coffee.
I'm an urbanite.
Sami is outside the building.
Sami brought me a cup of coffee.
Sami was planning a wedding.
Sami was planning our wedding.
I'm a city-dweller.
Sami sits at a little desk.
Sami doesn't really like that girl.
Sami is watching a movie.
Sami is going to pick his girlfriend up.
Sami was a really nice guy.
Sami needs to come to my apartment right now.
Sami's phone was off.
Sami's grandmother is dying right now.
Sami wants to go to Layla's apartment.
Sami stopped messaging Layla on Facebook.
Sami decided to stop messaging Layla on Facebook.
Sami kept messaging Layla on Facebook.
Sami doesn't know Layla's true name.
The green light of fireflies illuminates the spring nights.
Sami had a girlfriend.
Sami needs to listen to his instincts.
Sami works in a place that Layla frequently goes to.
Sami saw Layla but he avoided eye contact with her.
I'm utterly unsuited to express my feelings.
Sami was wearing a wig.
Sami wanted to go on dates.
Sami wanted to meet new friends.
Sami wanted to meet new people.
Sami and Layla went to the movies.
Sami shares the exact same interests as Layla.
The most beautiful girl in the entire region was chosen in Atyrau.
You didn't fall in love by chance?
Sami doesn't drink any alcohol.
Sami refused to serve alcohol to the customers.
Sami's teeth are decaying.
There's exactly a half in there.
Sami's wife has just left him.
Sami wanted to have dinner with Layla.
Sami found Layla on Tinder.
Sami found Layla's Facebook on her Tinder account.
How many rooms does she have in her apartment?
Want me to show you my collection?
Sami lives in the hood.
Did the doctor come?
Sami asked Layla very offensive questions.
Sami looked like he did drugs.
Sami was asking Layla all types of rude questions.
Sami was on an antidepressant.
Sami was drinking alcohol.
Sami was aggressive with his girlfriend.
Sami wanted to tattoo his face.
Sami will never find love.
Sami wanted to get Layla's number.
Sami can't give Layla his number.
Sami's friend has Layla's number.
Sami told Layla a little bit about his life.
Sami has six felony charges against him.
Sami was carrying a weapon.
Tom thinks that Korean girls are more beautiful than Japanese for the most part.
Sami has a switchblade.
Sami is in my neighborhood.
Sami needs to be careful in this neighborhood.
Sami started telling Layla about his life.
Sami was calling me on my phone.
Sami took his seatbelt off.
Sami undid his seatbelt.
Sami leaned over and undid Layla's seatbelt.
Sami wanted Layla to give him some head.
Sami isn't really interested in dating.
Sami has a gangster accent.
Sami grabbed Layla's boobs.
Sami drove his brother's car.
Sami blocked Layla off on everything.
Sami doesn't use dating apps.
Sami never uses dating apps.
Sami wants sex.
Sami doesn't recommend Tinder to anybody.
Sami pulled a knife on Layla.
Sami dyed his hair.
Sami has dyed his hair.
The thought is material.
Sami nevers uses that app.
Sami dated a prostitute.
Sami thought Layla was a prostitute.
Sami looked like a male prostitute.
Sami is a male prostitute.
Sami needs to meet more friends.
Sami watched another video.
Sami wanted to download that app.
Sami was in a long-time relationship with that girl.
That pretty girl in a bikini is Tom's sister.
Sami doesn't know that girl.
Sami and Layla exchanged their Instagrams and Facebooks.
Living beings consist of carbon.
Sami and Layla knew each other on Facebook.
Sami added Layla on Facebook.
Sami and Layla had mutual friends in common.
After a tiresome work, it's good to rest.
Is it operation with using anesthesia?
We had to wait for the doctor for too long; he was on an operation.
Please check if I had translated correctly.
Why does he look so strange?
From talking with the driver, I understood it's not easy in the city.
Sami said he's gay and he doesn't like women.
Sami is cheating on Layla with another woman.
Sami is cheating on Layla with a man.
I have decided I won't stay.
Sami doesn't have any problems with Layla.
We haven't landed yet.
We decided to take a risk.
Sami was home with his family.
Sami and Layla live in an apartment complex.
Sami is one of my homies.
You don't look very well. Are you okay?
Sami wants Layla to be his girlfriend.
Sami is not Layla's type.
Sami is not really ready for a relationship.
Sami lives in a two-level apartment.
Sami sat on Layla's bed.
Sami can't date this girl.
Sami is a bum.
Sami looks like a bum.
Sami doesn't date this girl.
The head is on top.
Sami said he likes that girl.
Sami is in his room.
Sami came into my room.
Sami grabbed Layla's arm.
Sami had a backpack with him.
Sami left his backpack on the floor.
Sami left his backpack.
Sami cannot date this girl.
Sami is a male stripper.
Sami blocked Layla off on Facebook.
Sami left his bookbag in Layla's home.
Every one of us has a unique inside world.
Sami's sandwich was in a Ziploc bag.
Sami was addicted to heroine.
Sami looked like he was on drugs.
Sami does stripping.
Sami is a male escort.
Sami is a male stripper but doesn't sleep with men.
Sami and Layla were both addicted to heroine.
Sami pimped Layla out.
Sami and Layla had a toxic relationship.
Sami texted Layla from a new number.
Sami didn't use dating apps.
Sami deleted his Instagram.
Sami doesn't have a Facebook anymore.
Sami lives in my area.
Sami lives a couple of hours away.
Sami and Layla added each other on Facebook.
Sami was asking Layla questions about her life.
Sami wanted to go on a date with Layla.
They're watching over us.
Sami is coming for dinner.
Sami stayed in the area.
They are keeping an eye on us.
Sami isn't sleeping on the couch.
"No errors." "Are you sure?" "I checked two times."
Sami was coming all the way to see Layla.
Sami was coming all the way from Cairo to see Layla.
Sami traveled all the way to see Layla.
Sami traveled all the way just to see Layla.
Sami traveled all the way from Cairo just to see Layla.
Sami touched Layla's hand.
Sami grabbed Layla around the waist.
She is fond of baking pirogi.
Sami didn't want to watch that movie.
Sami doesn't handle rejection very well.
Sami didn't get the point.
Sami has probably gotten the point.
That would mean sawing off the branch you're sitting on.
Sami is ethnically ambiguous but has blue eyes.
Sami eats clean food.
Sami eats healthy food.
Sami picked Layla up in his Lumborghini.
Sami barely speaks Arabic.
Sami doesn't want to have a conversation.
Sami is a professional athlete.
Sami took Arabic in high school.
Sami doesn't even know Layla's full name.
Sami is Layla's current boyfriend.
The school supplied us with textbooks.
Sami seemed like a nice guy.
Sami has millions of dollars.
Sami has a girlfriend back home.
Sami added Layla on Snapchat but she didn't add him back.
Sami cheated on his girlfriend.
Sami is already a total star.
Sami is already a star.
Sami will post another video tomorrow.
Sami skipped the ad.
Sami sent Layla an emoji.
Sami was so my type.
The face is the reflection of our personality.
Sami is definitely not Layla's soulmate.
Sami sent Layla a meme.
Sami doesn't like memes.
Sami doesn't drink alcohol at all.
Sami has never had a sip of alcohol.
Sami doesn't really go to nightclubs.
Sami is twenty-six, going on twenty-seven.
Sami slept the entire day.
They all testified in defense of the accused.
Sami has gone on a horrific date.
The cork doesn't come out.
Sami is going to boot camp.
This cork is not coming out.
Sami's nose is extremely red.
Sami had abs.
Sami met Layla on a dating app.
Sami matched with Layla on a dating app.
Sami isn't a catfish. He's a real person.
Sami does not live in Cairo.
Sami goes out with a girl from Cairo.
Sami is in Cairo a lot.
Sami comes to Cairo one weekend in every month.
Sami took Layla to her favorite restaurant.
Sami has his phone number on Facebook.
They say the mayor takes bribes.
Sami was looking for a hook-up girl.
Sami was looking for a hook-up.
Sami was in a bad mood the whole time.
Sami knocked the glass over.
Sami tried to hook up with Layla immediately after he met her.
You have a funny way of walking.
Sami is still a really nice guy.
Mary snorted contemptuously.
Mary sniffed scornfully.
Sami said he was a Muslim.
He leaned on a cane.
Sami had a squeaky voice.
Tom should be punished for what he did.
Tom painted the window frames yellow.
Do berries grow in this forest?
They're still in touch with each other.
They're still in contact with each other.
They still communicate with each other.
A strange spectacle unfolded before my eyes.
Sami babysat for his elder sister.
Sami absolutely loves kids.
Sami's mother is a kindergarten teacher.
Sami doesn't know anything else about that girl.
Sami is awkward around kids.
Sami is really awkward around children.
Sami wanted to get that job.
Sami started plaiting Layla's hair.
Sami offered Layla a job.
Sami was looking after his children.
Where was she headed?
Sami goes to that preschool.
Sami is Layla's third husband.
Sami didn't have any issue.
Sami didn't have any issue with Layla.
Sami was in preschool.
Sami hated preschool so much.
Sami hates that smell.
Sami felt sick every time he walked into that shop.
Sami should be in jail.
Sami should thank God for that.
Sami took photos with a digital camera.
Sami gave Layla a digital camera.
Sami and Layla shared the same digital camera.
It's an explosive mixture.
Tom pushed the button for the lift.
Tom completely distorted all that I had said.
Tom is a shame to his family.
Tom curses his life.
I have a bad feeling about Tom.
Tom met his former schoolmate in the street and acted as if he didn't know him.
Sami took Layla to Walmart.
Sami took Layla to Cairo.
Tom converted to Islam.
Sami only dates black girls.
Tom stopped taking care of his family.
Sami is Muslim and he doesn't believe this.
Sami is fully Native American.
Sami's grandfather is fully Native American.
After this there went a man of the house of Levi; and took a wife of his own kindred. And she conceived, and bore a son: and seeing him a goodly child, hid him three months.
They're wasting time there again.
Write a paragraph using adjectives to describe а person's appearance.
It's not always easy to distinguish an adjective from an adverb.
Don't follow me. I'm lost, too.
Don't follow me. I'm lost myself.
The poor girl got lost in a dark forest.
The sails were crimson in the sunset.
And when she could hide him no longer, she took a basket made of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and pitch: and put the little babe therein, and laid him in the sedges by the river's brink, his sister standing afar off, and taking notice what would be done.
The teacher saw someone copying on the test.
Buy tofu on your way home.
Tom is always putting things off.
Sami eats a lot of fast food.
Sami eats macaroni.
Sami has a strict diet.
Sami drinks coffee.
Sami said coffee has no calories.
Sami was sitting in the corner on this side.
Sami was sitting at the window.
Sami had such a sweet side.
Sami was a cool guy.
Sami continued talking to that girl.
Sami continued seeing that girl.
Sami continued dating that girl.
Sami did not date black women.
Sami didn't date black women.
Sami doesn't date black women.
Sami was the first person Layla met online.
Sami was on his way.
Sami spoke to Layla on the phone.
Sami has his license but doesn't drive.
Sami is terribly afraid of the dark.
Sami took a shower by six.
Sami crossed a train track.
Sami knows this saloon.
Sami has a fashion store.
Sami is in Layla's neighborhood.
Sami let Layla get out of the car.
Sami made pancake.
Sami loves French fries.
Sami loves French toast.
Sami's apartment is here.
Mennad told Layla he lived in a house.
Sami rented Layla's basement.
Sami was renting the basement in Layla's house.
Sami didn't touch the furniture.
Sami opened the gate.
Sami closed the door.
Sami closed the gate.
Sami closed the box.
Sami closed the window.
Sami's Arabic was immaculate.
Sami didn't speak any type of slang.
Sami doesn't date this type of girl.
Sami was rapping.
Tom has established a dog pound in the town.
Sami listens to Christian pop.
Sami isn't big on hiphop music.
Sami took a seat.
Sami bought some bread.
Sami doesn't make bread.
Sami doesn't sell bread.
Sami's bread isn't good.
Sami doesn't drink milk.
Sami didn't eat his food.
Sami stayed a little bit longer.
Sami and Layla watched a show.
And behold the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash herself in the river: and her maids walked by the river's brink.
Sami has a roommate.
And when she saw the basket in the sedges she sent one of her maids for it: and when it was brought, she opened it, and seeing within it an infant crying, having compassion on it, she said: This is one of the babes of the Hebrews.
Tom gave himself an enema.
Tom caught his daughter smoking.
And the child's sister said to her: Shall I go, and call to thee a Hebrew woman, to nurse the babe?
And Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called the child's mother.
And Enos lived ninety years, and begot Cainan.
After whose birth he lived eight hundred and fifteen years, and begot sons and daughters.
And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years, and he died.
And Cainan lived seventy years, and begot Malaleel.
And Cainan lived after he begot Malaleel, eight hundred and forty years, and begot sons and daughters.
And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years, and he died.
And Malaleel lived sixty-five years and begot Jared.
And Malaleel lived after he begot Jared, eight hundred and thirty years, and begot sons and daughters.
And all the days of Malaleel were eight hundred and ninety-five years, and he died.
And Jared lived a hundred and sixty-two years, and begot Henoch.
And Jared lived after he begot Henoch, eight hundred years, and begot sons and daughters.
And all the days of Jared were nine hundred and sixty-two years, and he died.
And Henoch lived sixty-five years, and begot Mathusala.
And Henoch walked with God: and lived after he begot Mathusala, three hundred years, and begot sons and daughters.
And all the days of Henoch were three hundred and sixty-five years.
And he walked with God, and was seen no more: because God took him.
And Mathusala lived a hundred and eighty-seven years, and begot Lamech.
And Mathlusala lived after he begot Lamech, seven hundred and eighty-two years, and begot sons and daughters.
Tom is an arrogant piece of shit.
Tom is an arrogant fuck.
And all the days of Mathusala were nine hundred and sixty-nine years, and he died.
This is the book of the generation of Adam. In the day that God created man, he made him to the likeness of God.
He created them male and female; and blessed them: and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.
And Adam lived a hundred and thirty years, and begot a son to his own image and likeness, and called his name Seth.
And Pharaoh's daughter said unto her, Take this child away, and nurse it for me, and I will give thee thy wages. And the woman took the child, and nursed it.
Sami decided to change his gender, but people in his country would kill him for that.
And when he was grown up, she delivered him to Pharaoh's daughter. And she adopted him for a son, and called him Moses, saying: Because I took him out of the water.
The dog is the most faithful animal.
In those days, after Moses was grown up, he went out to his brethren: and saw their affliction, and an Egyptian striking one of the Hebrews, his brethren.
And when he had looked about this way and that way, and saw no one there, he slew the Egyptian and hid him in the sand.
And going out the next day, he saw two Hebrews quarrelling: and he said to him that did the wrong: Why strikest thou thy neighbour?
The pro-wrestling campaign has already begun.
Where's Melissa?
The stock exchange is in the red.
I need to go visit my friend.
Many children live poorly in this country.
Is this bag hers?
What time did you arrive from Luanda?
Suddenly, I had a memory of our childhood at the farm.
What is the plural of bus?
The snow began to melt.
Were you in Rita's house?
They know English.
It is illegal to drive in this direction.
Tom didn't give you a lot of choice.
What is happening? Did I die and I'm arriving in paradise?
I already returned home.
Can you help me climb the stairs?
I have the prettiest granddaughter in the world.
But he answered: Who hath appointed thee prince and judge over us? wilt thou kill me, as thou didst yesterday kill the Egyptian? Moses feared, and said: How is this come to be known?
I met Tom when I left the room.
Cellphones don't use batteries.
Do you play Pokémon?
I am just about to change that.
I don't have that memorized.
I am an orthopedist.
Does she play Pokémon?
Does he play Pokémon?
Twelve of the soldiers were killed.
Your correspondence with Tom is no secret to anyone.
Your correspondence with Tom is not a secret to anyone.
You are very welcome, Ms. Lindsey.
A correspondence sprang up between us.
Do they play Pokémon?
Do you like Japanese cuisine?
He once poured a bottle of wine over my head.
We will see each other again.
And Pharaoh heard of this word, and sought to kill Moses: but he fled from his sight, and abode in the land of Madian, and he sat down by a well.
Mary hit a deer and totaled her car.
And the priest of Madian had seven daughters, who came to draw water: and when the troughs were filled, desired to water their father's flocks.
And the shepherds came and drove them away: and Moses arose, and defending the maids, watered their sheep.
Tom is non confrontational.
Tom is non confrontational by nature.
Tom doesn't like confrontation.
The project was never completed.
There is no absolute rule.
Tom took on the case pro bono.
Tom is soft-spoken and quiet.
Tom doesn't want to stand out.
Tom didn't want to stand out.
Tom does not want to stand out.
Tom did not want to stand out.
And when they returned to Raguel their father, he said to them: Why are ye come sooner than usual?
The first step is realizing that you have a problem.
Tom is not a confrontational person.
Tom is a non-confrontational person.
The project is ongoing.
Tom is a doctoral student.
Spelling is fun.
Tom participated in a model UN conference.
Tom participated in a model United Nations conference.
The store's opening was yesterday.
Let's sit down to gather strength.
I've just bought a little mouse.
The doorknobs are plated.
Tom had just turned on the TV when the fuses blew.
Warning: fragile.
No one wants to talk about it.
Do you have any recommendations?
They answered: A man of Egypt delivered us from the hands of the shepherds: and he drew water also with us, and gave the sheep to drink.
I didn't have a car I could depend on.
I didn't have a car that I could depend on.
I don't have a car that I can depend on.
I wish I had a car I could depend on.
I wish I had a car that I could depend on.
I don't think that you speak French better than I do.
I don't think you speak French better than I do.
I'm just about to change that.
We're just about to change that.
We don't plan to change that.
We have no plans to change that.
I don't think changing that would be a good idea.
I don't think that changing that would be a good idea.
Things don't change very quickly around here.
I don't want to have to do this again.
I don't believe that'll ever happen.
I don't know exactly when Tom will come.
I don't think their plan will work.
I don't think that their plan will work.
"IIRC" is an abbreviation of "if I recall correctly".
I don't think that I need to tell you what to do.
I don't think I need to tell you what to do.
It wasn't at all what Tom had expected.
Let's go visit Tom in the hospital.
Tom lived in Boston for three years before he moved to Chicago.
Tom lived in Boston for three years before moving to Chicago.
Tom fell in love with a girl who's three years younger than him.
Tom fell in love with a girl who's three years younger than he is.
Tom likes dogs and he hates cats.
Tom likes dogs, but he hates cats.
Tom has been late for work three times this week.
Tom has decided to file a complaint against his neighbors.
Mr. Jackson is a very strict teacher and many students don't like him.
Tom has lost his birth certificate.
Tom has lost all his teeth.
Tom has quit drinking coffee completely.
I won't go to the party if Tom is going to be there.
We need to find a way out of here.
We'd never do something like that.
Please lock the door on your way out.
Where's your notebook?
I've started getting ready.
The vase broke into a thousand pieces.
I was sure that you'd change your mind.
I was sure you'd change your mind.
My doctor told me that I should eat more.
My doctor told me I should eat more.
Do you know which restaurant Tom went to?
I'm absolutely sure I did nothing wrong.
There's a leak in the roof that needs fixing.
There's a leak in the roof that needs to be fixed.
Aren't you supposed to be in Boston with Tom this week?
There's a storage space under the stairs.
Nobody wanted to talk about it.
How long do you think this is going to last?
How much longer do you think this is going to last?
I've decided I won't stay.
I've decided that I won't stay.
We've decided to take that risk.
You don't look well. Are you OK?
Do you have any chocolate ice cream?
Do you have any more ice cream?
Your French is terrible.
Your French is pretty bad.
Your French isn't very good.
This is one of my favorite things.
Tom's operation lasted three hours.
How much kerosene is left in the tank?
How much water is left in the tank?
We have many competitors.
Tom and Mary are almost the same age.
I'd like to know why women live longer than men.
We weren't allowed to eat.
We definitely don't want that to happen.
I was in the hospital for three weeks.
The doctor said I need to be in the hospital for at least three weeks.
This is the same shirt that I wore yesterday.
This is the same shirt I wore yesterday.
I don't need to talk to anyone.
I'll need it.
I'll need that later.
I'll need to use this again tomorrow.
I sat in my car, thinking about everything that had happened.
I sat in my car, waiting for Tom.
I sat in my car, listening to music.
I don't believe anything that Tom says.
I'm not interested in anything that Tom has to say.
I've just shut down my computer.
I didn't come by taxi.
I was pretty young back in those days.
I tried to apologize to Tom.
There are things that can't be left to chance.
That would be like sawing off the branch you're sitting on.
I couldn't get the cork out of the bottle.
I've finished the job.
I find the food here to be a little too spicy for me.
I should've done better on the test.
This isn't a very good brandy.
Wait for me at the gate.
You have ketchup on your face.
The snow has begun to melt.
Can you help me up the stairs?
Can you help me down the stairs?
Can you help me across the street?
Tom is coming to see Mary this afternoon.
I heard a yell outside.
Tom has been looking for his dog all day.
I have to do it anyway.
Tom has been in the hospital for a month.
I have stiff shoulders.
Tom thinks he knows who really did that.
I have sand in my shoe.
Tom isn't currently living in Australia.
I hate Monday mornings.
Tom is going to finish doing that today.
Do you play volleyball?
Could I take a message?
I don't have any idea what Tom is doing.
Computers save us time.
Can you gift wrap that?
Yesterday I stayed up all night doing homework.
It's cold today, so wear thick clothes.
She stayed at the hotel.
He would be able to do it!
Tom's half-sister is married to a Czech man and teaches English in Prague, where she also lives.
Tom felt self-conscious.
Tom suddenly felt self-conscious.
Mary suddenly felt self-conscious.
Tom did not know what to say or think.
Tom did not know what to say.
Tom did not know what to think.
Tom is so far the worst person I have ever met.
Tom has insulted me several times and that's why I don't want to speak with him ever again, either over the phone or in person.
After Tom had finished watching a movie on tv, he went for a walk.
Tom couldn't finish watching the movie because there was a power cut.
In the days when the judges judged, there was a famine in the land.
A certain man of Bethlehem Judah went to live in the country of Moab with his wife and his two sons.
The name of the man was Elimelech, and the name of his wife Naomi. The names of his two sons were Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites of Bethlehem Judah. They came into the country of Moab and lived there.
Elimelech, Naomi’s husband, died, and she was left with her two sons.
They took for themselves wives of the women of Moab. The name of the one was Orpah, and the name of the other was Ruth. They lived there about ten years.
Mahlon and Chilion both died, and the woman was bereaved of her two children and of her husband.
Then she arose with her daughters-in-law, that she might return from the country of Moab; for she had heard in the country of Moab how the Lord had visited his people in giving them bread.
She went out of the place where she was, and her two daughters-in-law with her. They went on the way to return to the land of Judah.
Naomi said to her two daughters-in-law, "Go, return each of you to her mother's house. May the Lord deal kindly with you, as you have dealt with the dead and with me. May the Lord grant you that you may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband."
Then she kissed them, and they lifted up their voices, and wept.
They said to her, "No, but we will return with you to your people."
Naomi said, "Go back, my daughters. Why do you want to go with me? Do I still have sons in my womb, that they may be your husbands? Go back, my daughters, go your way; for I am too old to have a husband. If I should say, 'I have hope,' if I should even have a husband tonight, and should also bear sons, would you then wait until they were grown? Would you then refrain from having husbands? No, my daughters, for it grieves me seriously for your sakes, for the Lord's hand has gone out against me."
They lifted up their voices and wept again; then Orpah kissed her mother-in-law, but Ruth stayed with her. She said, "Behold, your sister-in-law has gone back to her people and to her god. Follow your sister-in-law."
Ruth said, "Don't urge me to leave you, and to return from following you, for where you go, I will go; and where you stay, I will stay. Your people will be my people, and your God my God. Where you die, I will die, and there I will be buried. May God do so to me, and more also, if anything but death parts you and me."
When Naomi saw that she was determined to go with her, she stopped urging her.
So they both went until they came to Bethlehem. When they had come to Bethlehem, all the city was excited about them, and they asked, "Is this Naomi?"
She said to them, "Don't call me Naomi. Call me Mara, for the Almighty has dealt very bitterly with me. I went out full, and the Lord has brought me home again empty. Why do you call me Naomi, since the Lord has testified against me, and the Almighty has afflicted me?"
Tom has two children from a previous marriage.
Mary has two children from a previous marriage.
So Naomi returned, and Ruth the Moabite, her daughter-in-law, with her, who returned out of the country of Moab. They came to Bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest.
Tom's alma mater is MIT.
Harvard is Tom's alma mater.
Tom ran a marathon.
Tom did a triathlon.
Tom completed a triathlon.
Ross completed a triathlon carrying a 45kg tree.
People sometimes do strange things.
That company doesn't exist anymore.
She could've done it!
She could have done it!
He could do it!
He could make it!
He may do it!
He might do it!
He'd be able to do it!
He may make it!
He might make it!
He would be able to make it!
He'd be able to make it!
But he said: Where is he? why have you let the man go? call him that he may eat bread.
And Moses was content to dwell with the man. And he took Sephora his daughter to wife.
And she bore him a son, whom he called Gersam, saying: I have been a stranger in a foreign country.
And he begot three sons, Sem, Cham, and Japheth.
The Franks converted to Christianity.
They were totally drenched with sweat.
We had four tests on the same day.
You love these shoes.
She wore huge yellow boots.
Today I will do it.
Naomi had a relative of her husband's, a mighty man of wealth, of the family of Elimelech, and his name was Boaz.
Ruth the Moabite said to Naomi, "Let me now go to the field, and glean among the ears of grain after him in whose sight I find favor."
She said to her, "Go, my daughter."
She went, and came and gleaned in the field after the reapers; and she happened to come to the portion of the field belonging to Boaz, who was of the family of Elimelech.
Behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem, and said to the reapers, "May the Lord be with you."
They answered him, "May the Lord bless you."
Then Boaz said to his servant who was set over the reapers, "Whose young lady is this?"
The servant who was set over the reapers answered, "It is the Moabite lady who came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab. She said, 'Please let me glean and gather after the reapers among the sheaves.' So she came, and has continued even from the morning until now, except that she rested a little in the house."
Then Boaz said to Ruth, "Listen, my daughter. Don’t go to glean in another field, and don’t go from here, but stay here close to my maidens. Let your eyes be on the field that they reap, and go after them. Haven't I commanded the young men not to touch you? When you are thirsty, go to the vessels, and drink from that which the young men have drawn."
Then she fell on her face and bowed herself to the ground, and said to him, "Why have I found favor in your sight, that you should take knowledge of me, since I am a foreigner?"
Boaz answered her, "I have been told all about what you have done for your mother-in-law since the death of your husband, and how you have left your father, your mother, and the land of your birth, and have come to a people that you didn’t know before. May the Lord repay your work, and a full reward be given to you from the Lord, the God of Israel, under whose wings you have come to take refuge."
Then she said, "Let me find favor in your sight, my lord, because you have comforted me, and because you have spoken kindly to your servant, though I am not as one of your servants."
At meal time Boaz said to her, "Come here, and eat some bread, and dip your morsel in the vinegar."
She sat beside the reapers, and they passed her parched grain. She ate, was satisfied, and left some of it. When she had risen up to glean, Boaz commanded his young men, saying, "Let her glean even among the sheaves, and don’t reproach her. Also pull out some for her from the bundles, and leave it. Let her glean, and don’t rebuke her."
So she gleaned in the field until evening; and she beat out that which she had gleaned, and it was about an ephah of barley. She took it up, and went into the city. Then her mother-in-law saw what she had gleaned; and she brought out and gave to her that which she had left after she had enough.
Her mother-in-law said to her, "Where have you gleaned today? Where have you worked? Blessed be he who noticed you."
She told her mother-in-law with whom she had worked, "The man’s name with whom I worked today is Boaz." Naomi said to her daughter-in-law, “May he be blessed by the Lord, who has not abandoned his kindness to the living and to the dead." Naomi said to her, "The man is a close relative to us, one of our near kinsmen."
Ruth the Moabite said, "Yes, he said to me, 'You shall stay close to my young men until they have finished all my harvest.'"
Naomi said to Ruth her daughter-in-law, "It is good, my daughter, that you go out with his maidens, and that they not meet you in any other field."
So she stayed close to the maidens of Boaz, to glean to the end of barley harvest and of wheat harvest; and she lived with her mother-in-law.
Tom has grown old and turned gray since I last saw him.
Don't tell it to us.
Tom lied about his degree, he hasn't got any.
Tom was lying about his degree, he doesn't have one.
Tom moved away from Boston.
We have an orchard at our farmhouse.
You should go over these chapters thoroughly.
Sleep is necessary.
We sleep with the windows open.
Close the cage.
High walls surround the city.
Who is so crazy?
Is the wasp an insect?
This is repugnant.
"Is Mary from Turkey?" "I have no idea."
They liked this game.
The car has a tire underneath.
You will be a grandmother soon.
This is a bracelet.
I saw her.
It's been months since it last rained.
He isn't careful when writing in Latin.
Smoking during work hours is forbidden.
Be careful when writing the letter.
For me, it's the same whether you or John Doe.
Old houses have thick walls.
One drop plus one drop makes a bigger drop, not two.
Tom played footgolf with John.
There are many of them.
On average, indoor cats live fifteen years.
I was gathering lingonberries.
I was picking cowberries.
Do tourists visit towers?
I'm dating Tom every day.
A sweet tongue, but a cruel heart.
I was hissing.
I kept hissing.
I resumed my whistling.
I resumed my hissing.
Was Tom a drug addict?
Was Tom a junkie?
Naomi, her mother-in-law, said to her, "My daughter, shall I not seek rest for you, that it may be well with you? Now isn't Boaz our kinsman, with whose maidens you were? Behold, he will be winnowing barley tonight on the threshing floor. Therefore wash yourself, anoint yourself, get dressed, and go down to the threshing floor; but don’t make yourself known to the man until he has finished eating and drinking. It shall be, when he lies down, that you shall note the place where he is lying. Then you shall go in, uncover his feet, and lay down. Then he will tell you what to do."
She said to her, "All that you say, I will do." She went down to the threshing floor, and did everything that her mother-in-law told her. When Boaz had eaten and drunk, and his heart was merry, he went to lie down at the end of the heap of grain. She came softly, uncovered his feet, and laid down. At midnight, the man was startled and turned himself; and behold, a woman lay at his feet. He said, "Who are you?"
She answered, "I am Ruth your servant. Therefore spread the corner of your garment over your servant; for you are a near kinsman."
He said, "You are blessed by the Lord, my daughter. You have shown more kindness in the latter end than at the beginning, because you didn’t follow young men, whether poor or rich. Now, my daughter, don’t be afraid. I will do to you all that you say; for all the city of my people knows that you are a worthy woman. Now it is true that I am a near kinsman. However, there is a kinsman nearer than I. Stay this night, and in the morning, if he will perform for you the part of a kinsman, good. Let him do the kinsman's duty. But if he will not do the duty of a kinsman for you, then I will do the duty of a kinsman for you, as the Lord lives. Lie down until the morning."
She lay at his feet until the morning, then she rose up before one could discern another. For he said, "Let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor." He said, "Bring the mantle that is on you, and hold it." She held it; and he measured six measures of barley, and laid it on her; then he went into the city.
When she came to her mother-in-law, she said, "How did it go, my daughter?"
She told her all that the man had done for her. She said, "He gave me these six measures of barley; for he said, 'Don't go empty to your mother-in-law.'"
Then she said, "Wait, my daughter, until you know what will happen; for the man will not rest until he has settled this today."
Now Boaz went up to the gate and sat down there. Behold, the near kinsman of whom Boaz spoke came by. Boaz said to him, "Come over here, friend, and sit down!" He came over, and sat down.
Boaz took ten men of the elders of the city, and said, "Sit down here," and they sat down.
He said to the near kinsman, "Naomi, who has come back out of the country of Moab, is selling the parcel of land, which was our brother Elimelech's. I thought I should tell you, saying, 'Buy it before those who sit here, and before the elders of my people.' If you will redeem it, redeem it; but if you will not redeem it, then tell me, that I may know. For there is no one to redeem it besides you; and I am after you."
He said, "I will redeem it."
Then Boaz said, "On the day you buy the field from the hand of Naomi, you must buy it also from Ruth the Moabite, the wife of the dead, to raise up the name of the dead on his inheritance."
The near kinsman said, "I can't redeem it for myself, lest I endanger my own inheritance. Take my right of redemption for yourself; for I can't redeem it."
Now this was the custom in former time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning exchanging, to confirm all things: a man took off his sandal, and gave it to his neighbor; and this was the way of formalizing transactions in Israel. So the near kinsman said to Boaz, "Buy it for yourself," then he took off his sandal.
Boaz said to the elders and to all the people, "You are witnesses today, that I have bought all that was Elimelech's, and all that was Chilion's and Mahlon's, from the hand of Naomi. Moreover, Ruth the Moabite, the wife of Mahlon, I have purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead on his inheritance, that the name of the dead may not be cut off from among his brothers and from the gate of his place. You are witnesses today."
All the people who were in the gate, and the elders, said, "We are witnesses. May the Lord make the woman who has come into your house like Rachel and like Leah, which both built the house of Israel; and treat you worthily in Ephrathah, and be famous in Bethlehem. Let your house be like the house of Perez, whom Tamar bore to Judah, of the offspring which the Lord will give you by this young woman."
So Boaz took Ruth and she became his wife; and he went in to her, and the Lord enabled her to conceive, and she bore a son. The women said to Naomi, "Blessed be the Lord, who has not left you today without a near kinsman. Let his name be famous in Israel. He shall be to you a restorer of life and sustain you in your old age; for your daughter-in-law, who loves you, who is better to you than seven sons, has given birth to him." Naomi took the child, laid him in her bosom, and became nurse to him. The women, her neighbors, gave him a name, saying, "A son is born to Naomi". They named him Obed. He is the father of Jesse, the father of David.
Now this is the history of the generations of Perez: Perez became the father of Hezron, and Hezron became the father of Ram, and Ram became the father of Amminadab, and Amminadab became the father of Nahshon, and Nahshon became the father of Salmon, and Salmon became the father of Boaz, and Boaz became the father of Obed, and Obed became the father of Jesse, and Jesse became the father of David.
Tom is convinced that Mary is still alive.
I like to take it easy.
Tom has been following me everywhere I go.
I like sugar in my tea.
The police suspect Tom is a serial killer.
I like lemon in my tea.
Tom says he knows three girls named Mary.
I heard an owl hooting.
The police suspect that Tom is a serial killer.
Tom says that he knows three girls named Mary.
Tom lied about having a college degree.
Tom lied when he said that he had a college degree.
Tom lied when he said he had a college degree.
Tom doesn't have a college degree.
The job that Tom has doesn't require a college degree.
The job Tom has doesn't require a college degree.
Lock the cage.
Tom poured a bottle of beer over my head.
Tom told Mary that she wasn't pouring the beer correctly.
Tom told Mary she wasn't pouring the beer correctly.
I asked the waitress for another cup of coffee.
That would be like sawing off the branch that you're sitting on.
Tom made it back safely.
We made it back safely.
We all made it back safely.
Everyone made it back safely.
Mary made it back safely.
I was about to go home.
Tom is going to be thirty in three months.
I want to rest a while.
Tom is going to be talking about his trip.
I think it's all right.
Tom is free to do whatever he wants to do.
I like to watch movies.
I wish that I had a car that I could depend on.
At the moment, that's all I can tell you.
As soon as Tom walked out the door, the police started shooting.
You may leave if you wish to.
Are wasps insects?
Are spiders insects?
Because mucous membranes are prone to infection, doctors advise that you wash your hands before picking your nose.
Maybe we're just going to have to tell Tom to do that.
Tom is a snitch.
Lie low.
Tom was giggling.
Stay tuned.
Tom was no angel.
Learn French.
Tom is alone, too.
We need to run.
Tom is in the gym.
We must be good.
Tom is just drunk.
I'm still scared.
Tom was in a gang.
We'll fix you up.
Tom was whistling.
I was very afraid.
Did Tom mention it?
We can both hear.
Tom got home early.
We must leave now.
Tom is a bit older.
We need more soap.
Tom is a short guy.
I'm new to the job.
Tom is a young man.
We didn't steal it.
Tom is an optician.
I was kind of upset.
Tom was by himself.
I'm busy until 2:30.
Tom was just bored.
The crowd dispersed.
Tom was just upset.
What were you doing in the garden?
You're a real genius!
You're a true genius!
What did you plant in your garden this year?
I don't think that I'd do that here.
Sami still shops there.
Sami still loves Walmart.
Sami is a store manager.
Sami opened his store on June, 6, 2006.
Sami really wants Layla to work for him.
Sami quit Walmart.
Sami worked retail pretty much his entire life.
Sami worked in various positions.
Sami is a merchandiser.
Sami only works five shifts a week.
Sami has a good position.
Sami's position is almost like a management position.
Sami has some kind of authority.
Sami got a management position.
Sami got a manager position.
Sami worked with Walmart.
Sami applied at that company.
Sami applied at Walmart.
Sami is all prepared to go to that interview.
Sami offered Layla a new position.
Sami works the noon-to-six shift.
Sami's daughter went to school.
Sami can work this shift.
Sami can't work this shift.
Sami called Layla the day before.
Sami showed Layla around the mall.
Sami showed Layla around the store.
Sami and Layla exchanged some information.
Sami will call tomorrow morning.
Sami gave Layla his banking information.
Sami is Layla's manager.
Sami isn't a manager.
Sami is not a manager.
Sami works at the head office.
Sami really wanted to work for that company.
Sami really wanted to work for Walmart.
Sami can't work on Fridays.
Sami's wife works.
Sami needs to look after his daughter.
Sami doesn't want to be that person.
Sami doesn't work at Walmart.
Sami has less hours than Layla.
Sami went to his first ever shift on Saturday.
Sami went to Walmart at six.
Sami's company has its own messaging system.
Sami has six different phone numbers.
Sami has six different e-mail addresses.
Sami has six different bank accounts.
Sami has six different credit cards.
Sami answered Layla's call.
Sami was not the only person this happened to.
Sami showed everybody where location of his store was.
Sami has opened a new store in Cairo.
Sami said that to his manager.
Sami doesn't know what his position is.
Sami kept his cellphone on him.
Sami doesn't know what his hourly pay is.
Sami is our store manager.
Sami messaged Layla a few minutes before her shift.
Sami is not looking at his phone.
Sami isn't looking at his phone.
That idea isn't good enough since it was you who said it.
Sami walked through the door.
Sami opened up a brand new store.
Sami worked his shift.
Sami is overpaid on hours.
Sami doesn't work on Saturday.
Sami works the six-to-eleven shift.
Sami needs to take care of his daughter.
Sami completely ignored the warning.
Sami never trades shifts.
Sami never uses this messaging system.
Sami can't keep his phone on him.
Sami wanted to keep his cellphone on him.
Sami is getting paid more than the minimum wage.
Sami took the early bus to get on time.
Sami clocks in early.
Sami doesn't have a name tag.
Sami is not the store manager.
Sami isn't the store manager.
Sami cleaned up the store.
Sami noticed an unfamiliar face in the office.
Sami had a pretty good time.
Sami needs to find somewhere to put these boxes.
Sami hasn't finished his work.
Sami has not finished his work.
Sami is our sales associate.
Sami was heading to the back room.
Sami is heading to the back room.
Sami put the boxes in the back room.
Sami stays on the sales floor.
Sami put the boxes away.
Sami really needs to get this job done.
Sami went to take a look in the back.
Sami went to take a look in the back room.
Sami works a short six-hour shift.
Sami is needed on the sales floor.
Sami looked at the boxes.
Sami is back on the sales floor.
Sami works on the sales floor.
Sami went to the back room.
Sami didn't ask the manager if it was OK to do that.
Sami is in the back room.
Sami has issues with the store manager.
Sami was sitting in the back room.
Sami is hiding in the back room.
Sami is from another store.
We must know where he was, whom he did meet and what he did do.
Sami was backtalking his manager.
Sami is on probation.
Sami got fired on Saturday.
Sami just shut his mouth and left.
Sami has tons of problems.
Sami explained the situation.
Sami is paying child care.
Sami wanted to get more shifts.
Sami's request was ignored.
Sami wanted to discuss this in person.
Sami didn't need that job.
Sami worked Layla's shift.
Sami wants to quit Walmart.
Sami wrote the manager a lengthy resignation letter.
Sami said he was intimidated by the manager.
Sami will be working the noon-to-six shift.
Sami never gets straight answers from Layla.
Sami never got a response back.
Sami isn't looking for an apology.
Sami wanted to quit Walmart.
Sami decided to quit Walmart.
I don't think Mary looks like a mother.
I don't think that Mary looks like a mother.
This dog is very smart.
Do you sell potatoes here?
I'm acting like an idiot.
I am acting like an idiot.
I'm so glad to see you.
Tom is either in the first or second grade.
I wonder whose this is.
Tom is convinced that his house is haunted.
I won't go without you.
Tom is concerned about his parents' health.
I wish it weren't true.
Tom is coming to see me tomorrow afternoon.
I was somewhat nervous.
Tom thinks Mary knows who really did that.
I wish that it weren't true.
Tom thinks that Mary knows who really did that.
I've been acting like an idiot.
I'm sorry for my bad behavior.
I apologize for being such an idiot.
I apologized for what I did.
Sami noticed on Layla's profile that she was Muslim.
Sami has never been to Egypt before.
Sami wants to see Layla again.
Sami came to Cairo.
Sami told Layla to tell him when she got home.
Sami is sure Layla is still in Cairo.
Sami and Layla lived in Cairo.
Sami is really a great guy.
Sami is a super nice guy.
Sami and Layla don't want to miss that.
Sami's car is filthy.
Sami is downtown on weekends.
Sami's family home is in Cairo.
Sami has chinchillas.
Sami has a chinchilla.
Sami has a pet chinchilla.
Sami has to do his regular thing.
Sami loved you all.
Sami quit his job and started his own business.
Sami was pursuing his dreams.
Sami's restaurant has outdoor seating.
Sami says that traffic is psychotic in Cairo.
Sami was wearing black jeans.
Sami felt overdressed.
Sami felt underdressed.
Sami looked so good in a suit.
I don't think that it's unreasonable.
I don't think it's unreasonable.
Sami had an amazing time with Layla.
Sami had such a great time with Layla.
Sami goes out with Layla.
Sami asked Layla to go out with him again.
Sami and Layla went on their second date.
Sami and Layla went to the zoo.
Sami and Layla sat across from each other at the table.
Sami talked about business the whole time.
Sami is boring.
Sami is trying to film a video.
Tom decided against going to Austria because he's allergic to kangaroos.
Sami doesn't drink at all.
Sami didn't drink alcohol at all.
Sami is a party boy.
Sami wanted to go to an expensive restaurant.
Sami has been to this steak house several times.
Sami doesn't eat red meat.
Sami likes chicken.
Sami spent two hundred dollars on a piece of steak.
I don't know what I'll do next.
Tom is such a copycat.
I'm fed up with the way Tom has been acting.
Looks can be deceptive.
Tom will be staying with us for a few days.
Knock before you enter.
Tom says that he's feeling much better now.
Just do what I'm doing.
Tom is out buying wood to build a doghouse.
It could happen to you.
Tom is getting off the train right now.
Tom is John's copycat friend.
Tom has been learning French for three years.
Please sweep the floor.
Tom will be released from prison next month.
Please read that again.
Tom was found guilty of first-degree murder.
Please lower you voice.
Tom complained it was too hot in the office.
Mary is one tough lady.
Tom complained that it was too hot in the office.
Tom was complaining about how cold it's been.
Cut down on fatty foods.
Tom thinks that he knows who really did that.
Where am I on this map?
Tom is going to be teaching French next year.
When are you available?
Tom is by far the best student in this class.
The heat is killing me.
Tom is better at French than you might think.
That's a terrific idea.
Tom has been wearing the same shirt all week.
Stop picking your nose.
Tom has been trying to contact Mary all week.
Stop being such a snob.
Everyone but Mary has already gone home.
The meat was so tender!
He has a decent income.
"Mary is here already." "And Tom came too?"
I made them breakfast.
Tom was kissed by Maria.
You're not risking anything.
Careful, don't wake Tom.
I asked you to call me.
Repeat what I just said.
You can play free, but for a small fee, you can get an advantage over other players.
The river was in a fog.
That book had a significant impact on me.
People went after him.
People followed him.
The egg is an indispensable ingredient in many recipes.
A great responsibility lies with you.
My brother Tom is fourteen years old.
Where's his office?
I'll ask.
What we'll do if we're not successful?
Damn, I almost forgot!
When she returns from work, her husband is already home, and they can have supper together.
Do you see that cabin?
I'm sure she won't like the book.
Here's my wife.
I've never heard such a proverb.
Sami is the happiest husband in the world.
That didn't comprise any malicious intent.
The last digit in his number is nine.
People are very inclined to paranoia.
Tom found the book he'd been looking for long since.
And the Lord said to him: Go in, thou and all thy house, into the ark: for thee I have seen just before me in this generation.
Of all clean beasts take seven and seven, the male and the female. But of the beasts that are unclean two and two, the male and the female. Of the fowls also of the air seven and seven, the male and the female: that seed may be saved upon the face of the whole earth.
Dinosaurs once dominated the earth.
And Noe did all things which the Lord had commanded him.
There lives a lonely old man.
She seemed to live near the lake.
In the selfsame day Noe, and Sem, and Cham, and Japheth, his sons: his wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, went into the ark.
They and every beast according to its kind, and all the cattle in their kind, and every thing that moveth upon the earth, according to its kind, and every fowl according to its kind, all birds, and all that fly, went in to Noe into the ark, two and two of all flesh, wherein was the breath of life.
At the petrol station, you can buy one on Sunday as well.
And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the Lord shut him in on the outside.
Tom's voice quavered.
She bought several books in a bookstore.
You can congratulate me.
More money means more problems.
In the selfsame day Noah, and Sem, and Cham, and Japheth his sons: his wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, went into the ark.
And Noah did all things which the Lord had commanded him.
And the Lord said to Noah: "Go in thou and all your house into the ark: for you I have seen just before me in this generation."
They and every beast according to its kind, and all the cattle in their kind, and every thing that moves upon the earth according to its kind, and every fowl according to its kind, all birds, and all that fly, went in to Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh, wherein was the breath of life.
Am I the only one who's confused?
Am I the only one who is confused?
The first step is realizing you have a problem.
Tom doesn't like to argue.
Tom is a highly sensitive child.
Sami has been waiting for at last half an hour already.
Sami was serving the customers.
Sami is just being polite.
Sami is qualified.
Sami checked the ticket.
Sami threw the hat in the bin.
Sami said he knew that.
Sami is walking around.
Sami is mumbling something.
Sami should know that.
Sami didn't need this.
Sami is stressed already.
Sami completely understands.
Sami noticed it.
Sami's boss didn't say anything.
Sami dropped his hat.
Sami was being dramatic.
Sami asked Layla a question.
Sami continued to disrespect Layla.
Sami is treating Layla like shit.
Sami and Layla were slurring their words.
Sami can see that.
Sami spit at Layla.
Sami remembered that girl.
Sami called security.
Sami tried to confuse Layla.
Sami does the same thing.
Sami went to the other side.
Sami is stupid, too.
Sami was already pissed off.
Sami and Layla want to go home.
Sami is from here.
Sami is already mad.
Sami and Layla are ready to go home.
Sami and Layla are offended.
Shabbat Shalom!
Shabbat Shalom.
Happy Saturday.
I'm so fed up.
People need to cross over a very narrow bridge, and the rule, the most important thing, is that they not be frightened at all.
We met at the school.
Today, many things happened.
We noticed you're using an ad blocker.
Some cryptocurrencies are shitcoins.
Mary is an emotional person.
Mary is highly emotional.
Mary is sensitive.
That's perceptive of you.
That's very perceptive of you.
Tom went caving.
Tom is a speleologist.
Tom was a sensitive child.
Tom was a highly sensitive child.
Tom is a sensitive boy.
Mary is a sensitive girl.
People aren't meant to be alone.
Mary likes being alone.
Tom doesn't like being the centre of attention.
Tom doesn't like being the center of attention.
The museum is closed for renovations.
The museum is closed for renovations until 2020.
Tom built a Rube Goldberg machine.
Tom and Mary went to the planetarium.
The dress code is smart casual.
Tom wears a suit to work.
It's immoral to do that.
Tom did something he wasn't supposed to be do.
I'd like to go swimming.
Tom and Mary are getting married next October.
I put my gloves back on.
I'm fed up with the way Tom has been behaving.
Don't let the door slam.
Tom went to the supermarket to buy some food.
Did you pass that class?
Tom practices Tai Chi in the park.
An old man practiced Tai Chi in the park.
An old man was practicing Tai Chi in the park.
Tom randomly started a conversation with a stranger.
Tom struck up a conversation with a stranger.
Tom offered to help his neighbors.
Tom wore a suit to the interview.
It is always a pleasure to see you.
Enough of this nonsense.
Have you played that game before?
Tom has played that game before.
Tom had played that game before.
Tom had never played that game before.
I had never played that game before.
Tom has never swum in the ocean.
Tom didn't have the courage to bring the subject up.
Tom didn't have the courage to bring up the subject.
That's almost the same thing.
The dress code is business casual.
Tom said that somebody had stolen his wallet.
Tom said somebody had stolen his wallet.
Tom said that someone had stolen his wallet.
Tom said someone had stolen his wallet.
Somebody stole Tom's wallet.
Someone stole Tom's wallet.
My wallet's been stolen.
My wallet was stolen.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to play the trumpet.
Tom started playing the trumpet when he was thirteen.
Tom started playing the trumpet when he was thirteen years old.
Do you have any idea where Tom lives?
The weather changed abruptly.
I'm impressed with your work.
Tom is impressed with your work.
Does anybody in your family smoke?
Tom was impressed with your work.
I think that Tom was impressed with your work.
I think Tom was impressed with your work.
I was impressed by the way you did that.
Is what you have contagious?
Are there other options?
No, you don't stink.
You smell fine.
We didn't walk.
It wasn't Tom who spit.
Tom didn't spit.
Tom didn't overdose.
Tom didn't actually overdose.
Tom didn't really overdose.
I don't think Tom overdosed.
I don't believe Tom overdosed.
I can't believe Tom overdosed.
I can't believe that Tom overdosed.
I don't believe that Tom overdosed.
I don't think that Tom overdosed.
I don't think Tom really overdosed.
I don't think that Tom really overdosed.
You smell amazing.
You smell incredible.
Tom loves foreigners.
I don't think it's true that Tom hates foreigners.
I think Tom has a bit of a creepy obsession with foreigners.
I think that Tom has a bit of a creepy obsession with foreigners.
I don't think that it's true that Tom hates foreigners.
We're not exactly friends, and we're not exactly enemies.
Luckily, Tom didn't break everything.
Tom didn't break anything, thankfully.
Tom didn't break everything, thank God.
Tom never grows tired.
Don't you ever get tired, Tom?
Doesn't Tom ever get tired?
Does Tom ever sleep?
Don't you ever sleep, Tom?
Does Tom ever get tired?
Does Tom ever grow tired?
Do you ever sleep, Tom?
Why was Tom plowing?
Tom isn't going to swim.
Tom won't swim.
Tom refuses to swim.
Tom never gets offended.
Of course you don't get offended, Tom.
Why was Tom kneeling?
Why was Tom limping?
Tom is full of courage.
Tom's full of courage.
Tom isn't lacking in courage.
Why is that a taboo?
Why's that a taboo?
That should be a taboo.
That shouldn't be a taboo.
That's not really a taboo around here.
That's taboo around here.
Tom wouldn't lie down.
Why is Tom squinting?
Why's Tom squinting?
Tom didn't get delayed this time.
Tom wasn't delayed this time.
Tom wasn't delayed.
Tom hasn't been delayed.
Tom has been delayed.
Tom has been delayed again.
Tom can't remember any of his dreams.
Tom didn't get hooked.
Tom wasn't writing.
Tom isn't writing.
Tom isn't mourning.
Tom wasn't mourning.
Tom was mourning.
Tom isn't grieving.
Tom wasn't grieving.
Tom was grieving.
Tom was in mourning.
Tom didn't open it.
Tom refused to open it.
Tom wouldn't open it.
Tom couldn't open it.
Why can't Tom open it?
Why couldn't Tom open it?
Why wouldn't Tom open it?
Why did Tom refuse to open it?
What was Tom refusing to open?
What was Tom refusing to open last night?
Why would Tom refuse to open that?
Tom didn't close it.
Tom refused to close it.
Tom wouldn't close it.
Tom couldn't close it.
Why can't Tom close it?
Why couldn't Tom close it?
Why wouldn't Tom close it?
What was Tom refusing to close?
What was Tom refusing to close last night?
Why would Tom refuse to close that?
I don't expect details.
I'm not expecting details; just a summary is fine.
I don't enjoy solitude.
I wasn't really pretending.
Isn't this blue?
Isn't that blue?
Luckily, Tom didn't break anything.
Thankfully, Tom didn't break anything.
Thankfully, Tom didn't break everything.
Donald Trump must be extradited to Iraq to be held accountable for the war crimes of the soldiers he pardoned.
I hope those fish aren't going to be eaten.
Fortunately, Tom didn't break anything.
Why would Tom refuse to do that?
Why did Tom refuse to do that?
Why's Tom limping?
Do you know why Tom is limping?
Neo-Nazis are parading through the streets of the United States with police escorts, threatening to kill every marginalized person.
The difference between a Nazi and a crypto-Nazi is that one wears a swastika while the other wears a police uniform.
Benjamin Netanyahu is an ally of Nazis worldwide.
Benjamin Netanyahu couldn't possibly care less about Jewish people.
Donald Trump couldn't possibly care less about Jewish people.
I'm eating ice cream.
Aren't you sick of doing that yet?
Aren't you sick of doing that?
Do you really think we should do that?
Do you really think that we should do that?
Are you free Monday night?
When was the last time there was a flood around here?
When was the last time that there was a flood around here?
Are you sure you know me?
Are you still in Australia?
How many appointments do you have tomorrow?
Do you have any appointments tomorrow?
Is your dog a German shepherd?
Are you through reading this book?
Are you still studying French with Tom?
I don't expect to hear any further details until Monday.
I'll make Tom cry.
Sami started working at sixteen.
Sami has mental issues.
Sami had mental issues.
Sami is getting better.
Sami has no computer.
Sami will be filming.
Sami saw this.
Sami saw that.
Sami robbed me.
Sami looked at him.
Sami didn't bring that up.
Sami was is talking about Layla.
Sami doesn't want to offend anybody.
Sami didn't want a girlfriend at the time.
Sami runs a local business.
Sami will be able to find Layla.
Sami was able to find Layla.
Sami had a BMW.
Sami stopped talking to him.
Sami and Layla reconnected.
Sami and Layla were able to bond.
Sami and Layla reconnected that summer.
Sami doesn't understand that.
Sami and Layla have the same friends.
Sami and Layla should chill.
Sami and Layla are in the area.
Sami and Layla never really got a chance to hung out.
Sami and Layla are getting to know each other.
Sami and Layla are total opposites.
Sami is not really into this stuff.
Sami isn't really into this stuff.
Sami really wants to hang out with Layla.
Sami is texting us.
Sami was texting us.
Sami doesn't have to tell Layla that.
Sami was very attentive.
Sami is so beautiful.
Sami and Layla are so sweet.
Sami was actually sweet.
Sami is the only guy who has ever done something like that.
Sami and Layla want to hang out.
Sami and Layla met at a bar.
Sami has been in that bar before.
Sami and Layla are mutual friends with Farid.
Sami isn't talking about sex.
Sami is not talking about sex.
Sami is meeting that girl for the first time.
Sami is sitting at the bar.
Sami is sitting at the bar table.
Sami came in from the door in front of Layla.
Sami came from the door in front of Layla.
Sami wanted to give Layla a hug.
Sami's girlfriend drinks a lot.
Sami is sitting in the bar.
Sami took Layla to another bar.
Sami took Layla to a bar.
Sami turned into a Johnny Bravo.
Sami went from a little nerdy guy to a Johnny Bravo.
Sami turned from Dexter to a Johnny Bravo.
Sami and Layla had a few chats.
Sami got us some champagne.
Sami took Layla to another restaurant.
Sami looked like Johnny Bravo.
Sami got us a bottle of champagne.
Sami brought a bottle of champagne.
Sami slammed the bottle on the table.
Sami has a luxury vehicle.
Sami and Layla are drug dealers.
Sami and Layla have luxury cars.
Sami knows about Layla's lover.
Sami dropped his ID.
Sami dropped his wallet.
Sami dropped his money.
Sami carries his wallet in his backpack.
Sami was tipsy at this point.
Sami looked at his girlfriend.
Sami doesn't have money in his car.
Sami drives a luxury car.
Sami drives a luxury vehicle.
Sami paid for both him and his date.
Sami pays cash.
Sami is with that girl.
Sami was flirting with that girl.
Sami and Layla exchanged their Snapchats.
Sami stayed the whole night.
Sami stayed there the whole night.
Sami stayed at the bar the whole night.
Sami is not interested in that girl.
Sami wasn't interested in that girl.
Sami started kissing all over his girlfriend.
Sami was kissing all over his girlfriend.
Sami wasn't really intrested in Layla.
Sami wasn't really interested in that girl.
Sami doesn't even know that guy.
Sami bought us drinks.
Sami looked at that girl.
Sami wanted to make out with that girl.
Sami wants to make out with that girl.
Sami is in a serious relationship.
Sami is in the barthroom.
Sami tried to make out with Layla.
Sami tried to make out with that girl.
Sami and Layla were making out in the kitchen.
Sami and Layla were making out in the back room.
Sami isn't Layla boyfriend.
Sami loves coming to this bar.
Sami apologized to his girlfriend.
Sami came back to Layla's place.
Sami and Layla are having a good time.
Sami is into this stuff.
Sami is talking to his roommate.
Sami wanted to show us his room.
Sami thought his girlfriend was flirting with that guy.
Sami showed us his room.
Sami showed me his room.
Sami walked Layla back to her car.
Sami drove back to his house.
Sami's girlfriend is going to kill him.
Sami doesn't have money.
Sami has a luxury car.
Sami borrowed a luxury car.
Sami doesn't have a license.
Sami dropped his debit card.
Sami got home safe.
Sami lives fifteen minutes away.
Sami's date was a disaster.
Sami's date was terrible.
Sami went on a date with that girl.
Sami is the ugliest person on the inside that Layla has ever met.
Sami is the ugliest person in the world.
Sami is watching Layla's video.
Sami told us his story.
Sami was afraid to tell that story.
Sami is a terrorist.
Sami isn't a terrorist.
Sami is not a terrorist.
Sami wants to talk about that girl.
Sami hangs out a lot with that girl.
Sami and Layla both like the same kind of music.
Sami has so many stories about that.
Sami was involved in a robbery.
Sami robbed a house.
Sami is often on drugs.
Sami uses hard drugs like meth.
Sami is a really bad teenager.
Sami is a really bad kid.
Sami was hanging out with a bad girl.
Sami spent Halloween in Florida.
Sami spent the night in Layla's house.
Sami came home a week before Halloween.
Sami took a picture of that girl.
Sami didn't wear a Halloowen costume.
Sami and Layla wanted to go to that bar.
Sami and Layla want to go to that bar.
Sami said that Layla wore a slutty costume for Halloween.
Sami said that Layla wore a sexy costume for Halloween.
Sami got to the bar at six.
Sami and Layla were single at the time.
Sami was sitting directly behind that couple.
Sami kept staring at that couple.
Sami wondered why that couple were staring at him.
Sami's girlfriend is crying.
Sami needs to check his bag.
Sami is in tears.
Sami and Layla had a lot of fun at the bar.
Sami has black hair.
Sami and Layla got off work.
Sami covered Layla's mouth.
Sami and Layla are sitting at the table.
Sami bought us alcohol.
Sami bought Layla alcohol.
Sami brought Layla drinks.
Sami brought Layla alcohol.
Sami kept flirting with that girl.
Sami is having a huge party.
Sami is having a huge party tonight.
Sami will come to the party.
Sami's place is a party house.
Sami and Layla have just met at the bar.
Sami is in his late sixties.
Sami is not going to the party.
Sami gave Layla a full pack of cigarettes.
Sami took Layla to the gas station.
Sami doesn't know who that lady is.
Sami lives in a really nice community.
Sami lived in a condo.
Sami opened the door and it was completely dark inside his apartment.
Sami and Layla are weirdos.
Sami and Layla were weirdos.
Sami drove all of us in his car.
Sami thinks it's time for him to go.
Sami left his girlfriend here.
Sami took Layla home in the morning.
Sami was the only person who wasn't drunk.
Sami went in the room.
Sami has been crying all night.
Sami could hear Layla in the next room.
Sami was abusing that lady.
Sami came out of his bedroom.
Sami and Layla came out of the bathroom.
Sami put his suitcase on the floor.
Sami assumed Layla was Farid's girlfriend.
Sami opened up his suitcase.
Sami has a huge assault rifle.
Sami was a mercenary.
Sami pulled out a gun and started to load it.
Sami pulled out a huge assault rifle and started to load it.
Sami assembled the gun.
Sami pointed his assault rifle at Layla.
Sami started to yell about how he hated Arabs.
Sami started to yell about how he hated Muslims.
Sami said it was all his girlfriend's fault.
Sami's friend came with him.
Sami's girlfriend started screaming.
Sami told his girlfriend to shut up.
Sami has never seen a gun in his entire life.
Sami is never going to a bar again.
Sami never went to a bar again.
Sami met Layla at a bar.
Sami drinks at a bar.
Sami doesn't go to bars.
Sami never goes to nightclubs.
Sami never goes to strip joints.
Sami never goes to casinos.
Sami lost his voice.
Sami has no clue what's wrong with him.
Sami has a new camera.
Sami has a new professional camera.
Sami has a professional camera.
Sami is a professional photographer.
Sami has never had a crush on anybody.
Sami and girlfriend are getting married this summer.
Sami lost a friend.
Sami wants Layla out of his life.
Sami has so many friends that screwed him over.
Sami isn't going to say her name.
Sami is an absolute asshole.
Sami is African American.
Sami would tell people that he's any type of race except African American.
Sami never had a school crush.
Sami knew his limits.
Sami moved to southern Egypt.
Sami was a normal person.
Sami lives in the state I live in.
Sami got a tattoo on his chest.
Sami fits in best with people who are just like him.
Sami and Layla never became friends.
Sami teaches Arabic in Egypt.
Sami knows so much about that girl.
Sami knows Layla's last name.
Sami noticed the difference between Layla and Farid.
Sami has a friend in Cairo.
Sami spent the night in the house.
Sami is having a sleepover.
Sami is not friends with that girl.
Sami comes to Layla's house all the time.
Sami's brother is so sweet.
Sami and Layla listen to the same music.
Sami's dog would tear you to shreds.
Sami and Layla had a chemical romance.
Sami and his girlfriend are getting married.
Sami was hanging out with Layla's brother.
Sami and Layla spent the night at Farid's house.
Sami was Layla and Farid's brother.
Sami likes Layla's brother.
Sami met another friend in Cairo.
Sami's girlfriend looks so pretty.
Sami has such a lucky streak with girls.
Sami had a crush on someone.
Sami didn't know how to crush on girls.
Sami and Layla are going to be a couple.
Sami and Layla are gonna be a couple.
Sami is a super cute boy.
Sami let Layla know that that boy had a crush on her.
Sami is a sophomore.
Sami and Layla never exchanged numbers.
Sami was nervous to come to school.
Sami and Layla were chilling at the cafeteria.
Sami chills at the cafeteria with his friends.
Sami found out that Layla had a crush on him.
Sami isn't responding to my text messages.
Sami isn't responding to Layla's text messages.
Sami is Layla's eldest brother.
Sami was Layla's little brother.
Sami came to school.
Sami approached out table.
Sami could hear that guy talking.
Sami and Layla were sucking each other's faces.
Sami and Layla were seen holding hands.
Sami still wants Layla to be friends with him.
Sami still wanted Layla to be friends with him.
I'll have a margarita.
Mennad really wants to know why Baya doesn't want to be friends with him.
Sami wanted to be Layla's friend.
Sami wants to be friends with Layla.
He's afraid of the dark.
"What are you doing, fellow?", asked John seeing Tom and his melting ice cream dripping down onto his shoes. "I'm eating an ice cream." "Oh, really? I thouht, you were repairing your bicycle." "You're just joking now, aren't you? I don't have any bike."
I'll never stop loving Mary.
Tom is going to do his homework before dinner.
Those antiques are fake.
Tom is going to be thirty years old next year.
This hat fits perfectly.
Tom has gone camping with some of his friends.
This building is unsafe.
Tom has been wearing that same shirt all week.
Tom can't count yet.
We must stay hidden.
Tom called me a loser.
We broke it in half.
I'll be gone until Monday.
I opened a new pack.
Who knows where?
Tom told me that he wants to learn to play the xylophone.
Tom told me he wants to learn to play the xylophone.
I was kind of scared.
Tom is always drunk.
I was feeling unwell.
Tom is a creepy guy.
I was feeling groggy.
Tom did the laundry.
I was afraid to move.
Tom cheated on Mary.
I was feeling kind of groggy.
Getting a driving licence would make me happy.
Tom was stark naked.
We all love Australia.
Tom was really nice.
Let's drink some wine.
Tom was really mean.
I'll find you a hotel.
Tom was being petty.
I began to feel dizzy.
Tom started to pray.
Australia is changing.
Tom speaks fluently.
We chatted in French.
Tom sat by the pool.
I was really puzzled.
Tom met Mary online.
If I meet Tom, I'll surely punch him.
I've found a woman for you.
We made cabbage soup.
Sami is a man of taste.
Sami might be able to do the same again.
Sami's stamp colleciton was the only thing he valued in his life.
The lift came to an abrupt halt.
Tom is chuffed to bits.
I love Tom to bits.
I love Mary to bits.
Tom was chuffed to bits.
It's a comfortable armchair.
This is an armchair.
He was afraid of the dog.
It's a poor family.
I've got to hurry up or I'll be late.
You forgot your money.
As for me, I want to stay outside.
The child is in bed.
The kid is in bed.
He translated word for word.
The blueberry, the pomegranate and the olive tree have narrow leaves.
I want to welcome all of you.
I need to act with more caution.
My workspace is full.
The dog is sleeping behind the door.
What are you doing there on top of the roof?
Are you French?
There was a huge crowd along the road.
After she was returned to her mother in law, Noemi said to her: My daughter, I will seek rest for thee, and will provide that it may be well with thee.
He looks Chinese.
This is a crutch.
I didn't want to go, but I did.
This Boaz, with whose maids thou wast joined in the field, is our near kinsman, and behold this night he winnoweth barley in the threshingfloor.
Tom wasn't born yesterday.
Mary wasn't born yesterday.
Sami is a Catholic of Jewish descent.
Sami refused to allow Layla to return to acting.
I have a severe toothache.
Wash thyself therefore and anoint thee, and put on thy best garments, and go down to the barnfloor: but let not the man see thee, till he shall have done eating and drinking.
Money attracts money.
It's me; open!
Are you speaking from personal experience?
I just met her.
I will go wherever you want.
They had to dig for days.
I'll go with you there.
I'll accompany you there.
And when he shall go to sleep, mark the place wherein he sleepeth: and thou shalt go in, and lift up the clothes wherewith he is covered towards his feet, and shalt lay thyself down there: and he will tell thee what thou must do.
I suppose you already know the answer.
He was angry with me because I didn't go to his birthday party.
Sincerely, I don't believe in you anymore.
She answered: Whatsoever thou shalt command, I will do.
And she went down to the barnfloor, and did all that her mother in law had bid her.
And when Boaz had eaten, and drunk, and was merry, he went to sleep by the heap of sheaves, and she came softly, and uncovering his feet, laid herself down.
This is your moment to shine.
What's going on in Ukraine?
My son is also named Tom.
And behold, when it was now midnight the man was afraid, and troubled: and he saw a woman lying at his feet.
Mary was praying.
What time do you have on your watch?
We'd like to drink some wine.
And he said to her: Who art thou? And she answered: I am Ruth, thy handmaid: spread thy coverlet over thy servant, for thou art a near kinsman.
And he said: Blessed art thou of the Lord, my daughter, and thy latter kindness has surpassed the former: because thou hast not followed young men either poor or rich.
That's Tom, isn't it?
Will Australia change?
Tom works here, too.
Tom was very direct.
We've got to buy supplies.
Tom was throwing up.
I'll go wherever you want.
Fear not therefore, but whatsoever thou shalt say to me I will do to thee. For all the people that dwell within the gates of my city, know that thou art a virtuous woman.
My cat is unemployed.
Neither do I deny myself to be near of kin, but there is another nearer than I.
Rest thou this night: and when morning is come, if he will take thee by the right of kindred, all is well: but if he will not, I will undoubtedly take thee, so the Lord liveth: sleep till the morning.
I'm going to Egypt for two months.
I'll bring food.
So she slept at his feet till the night was going off. And she arose before men could know one another, and Boaz said: Beware lest any man know that thou camest hither.
I can't miss a new anime series.
I can't pass this exam. It's too hard.
He has made a lot of progress in English.
In my closet there are hangers for clothes.
The sky is gray and it's raining.
A lunar cycle is longer than a month.
Puberty is the time when boys and girls don't know whether to hit or kiss each other.
Does the wine taste good?
Since our friends had already arrived, we prepared an appetizer.
Since our friends had already arrived, we were preparing an appetizer.
This is a job that has to be done.
What'd she say?
If the symptoms get worse, you'll have to consult a medical professional.
It's better to save difficult books for later.
It's better to put aside difficult books for later.
I've decided to wait two more months before leaving.
Firefighters wear helmets.
I met her in Paris.
Our eyes met just fleetingly.
Tom got pretty drunk.
I was really terrified.
Tom gave Mary advice.
I was new at that time.
Tom died on the 20th.
I was caught off guard.
Tom died on the twentieth.
Tom played the clarinet before he began learning how to play the bassoon.
I'll certainly miss Tom.
I'll see you at the gate.
I try to exercise every day.
I'll be there on the twentieth.
I'll be there on the 20th.
I'll convince Tom not to go.
I'll persuade Tom not to go.
I plan to stay at Tom's house when I visit Boston.
I'll end up going crazy.
I'll be next year.
I'll walk out on you.
I'll wait until 2:30.
I'll give Tom the letter.
I'll give the letter to Tom.
I'll wait till 2:30.
I'll see Tom next Monday.
I'll show you where to put that.
I need to keep myself busy or else I'll end up going crazy.
I'll be staying at Tom's house when I'm in Boston.
I have a yellow car.
How many watches are left?
How many clocks are left?
I want her to quit smoking.
We prayed.
I don't like Putin.
I don't believe in those superstitions.
Ivanka is absent from school today.
I'll come on October 20th.
I'll buy Tom a pencil.
I'll buy a pencil for Tom.
I'll come back on the twentieth.
I'll come back on the 20th.
I'll visit Tom tomorrow.
I'll give you enough money to buy what you want.
I'll give you enough money to buy what you need.
I'll be on duty this Monday.
I'll give Tom a buzz.
Sami learned from this experience.
Sami will share with you some tips.
Sami had a horrible dating experience.
Sami was holding a cup of wine.
Sami was searching for love online.
Sami went to his girlfriend's house.
Sami suggested to Layla to try online dating.
Sami set up an online dating profile.
Sami is looking for love.
Sami ended up looking at Layla's profile.
Sami and Layla could relate on different things.
Sami and Layla know mutual people.
Sami and Layla know mutual friends.
I'll be seeing Tom again.
Sami seemed like a really nice person.
Sami invited Layla to one of his workout sessions in his church.
Sami introduced Layla to his best friend who was a girl.
Sami introduced Layla to one of his best friends.
Sami met Layla a couple of weeks later.
Sami's birthday party was a huge success.
I'll see if I can get Tom to do that for us.
Sami's party was a huge success.
Sami planned on moving to Cairo.
Sami planned on moving to another location with his father.
Sami planned on moving to another location.
Sami helped Layla to pay his electricity bill.
Sami's father was in Egypt at the time.
Sami didn't pay the electricity bill and got cut off.
Sami got his lights cut off.
Sami paid Layla back the very next day.
Sami paid me back the very next day.
Sami paid Layla back the next day.
Sami paid Layla the next day.
Sami and Layla started following each other on social media.
Sami twisted Layla's hair.
Sami had locks.
Sami had dreadlocks.
Sami did Layla's hair.
Sami's phone has been disconnected.
Sami doesn't remember the exact wording of the message.
Sami didn't pay his phone bill.
Sami searched Layla's name on Google.
Sami searched Layla's name on Instagram.
Sami created a fake account.
Sami created a fake account on Instagram.
Sami blocked Layla on social media.
Sami drove to her house.
Sami sat in his car all night.
Sami went into his house.
Sami came back with a bag.
Sami was trying to move.
Sami got super defensive.
Sami just wants his money back.
Sami didn't even mention Layla's money.
Sami was so depressed after that.
Sami spent his money on that.
Sami invited Layla to his sister's birthday party.
Sami ended up going to Layla's party.
Sami was home alone with a bottle of wine.
Sami didn't tell Layla where his new address was.
Sami called Layla up the next day.
Sami brought along his friend.
Sami has a record.
Sami's friend has a record.
Sami told us a whole bunch of things about Layla.
Sami doesn't know Layla's past record.
Sami's family house is in Cairo.
Sami asked Layla if she knew that guy.
Sami borrowed people's money and didn't give it back.
Sami gave them a call.
Sami took our money.
Sami came back to the same place.
Sami was on his way to his sister's house.
Sami saw Layla walking down that street.
Sami and Layla live in the same block.
Sami has moved to this location.
Sami has moved to the new block.
Sami lives in a new block.
Sami tried to see the good in everyone.
Sami gave Layla six hundred dollars.
Sami went to Layla's old house.
Let me check your oil for you.
Sami saw Layla fidgeting with her bookbag.
Sami's father didn't show up.
Sami needed his money back.
Sami knows the new location of Layla's whereabouts.
Sami and Layla got out of the car.
Sami showed Layla a sword.
Sami showed Layla a samurai sword.
Sami could go to prison.
Sami didn't want the money anymore.
Sami didn't want that money anymore.
Sami is a samurai.
I'll give Mary some flowers.
I'll give some flowers to Mary.
I'll buy a pen for Tom.
I'll buy Tom a pen.
I'll buy Tom this desk.
What do we need shoulder blades for?
I'll pick Tom up at 2:30.
I'll be here until Monday.
I'll meet to you at 2:30.
I forgot their names.
I'll call Tom back later.
I knew that!
I've saved a little money.
I've saved up a little money.
I've been saving money to buy a car.
Tom told me that he used to play the clarinet when he was in high school.
Tom told me he used to play the clarinet when he was in high school.
Sami kept his distance from Layla.
Sami was walking behind the cop, praying.
Sami was walking behind the doctor, praying.
Sami said everything was in the trunk.
Sami didn't count the money.
Sami was able to get his money back.
Sami thanked the Lord.
Sami put obstacles in Layla's path.
Sami and Layla exchanged some documents.
Sami didn't pick up any of Layla's calls.
Sami is going to call the cops on Layla.
Sami is gonna call the cops on Layla.
You'll be a grandmother soon.
Sami did this before the dawn.
Sami's story has no moral.
Sami is an amazing storyteller.
Sami can give you tips.
Tom was barely alive.
We all hope I'm right.
Tom was OK with that.
Learning French is fun.
Tom is free to leave.
I'm tired all the time.
We all hope that I'm right.
Where are my balls?
Where are my eggs?
I have never seen a blue fridge.
I have never seen a pink fridge.
Well, color me surprised.
Well, colour me surprised.
Tom is a Brexiteer.
That's water to his mill.
Her car is really cool.
I'm not going to lock the door.
You know very well I'm right.
You know very well that I'm right.
He made sure that we see his invitation.
The funny thing was the face he made when he knew it.
And again he said: Spread thy mantle, wherewith thou art covered, and hold it with both hands. And when she spread it and held it, he measured six measures of barley, and laid it upon her. And she carried it, and went into the city,
You have toothpaste on your mouth.
I will only accept if you pay on time.
He got sick from eating too much.
Many are able to enter the USA illegally.
I don't know who told me. Wasn't it you?
I suffered from anorexia for a couple of years.
And Boaz, taking ten men of the ancients of the city, said to them: Sit ye down here.
They sat down, and he spoke to the kinsman: Noemi, who is returned from the country of Moab will sell a parcel of land that belonged to our brother Elimelech.
I would have thee to understand this, and would tell thee before all that sit here, and before the ancients of my people. If thou wilt take possession of it by the right of kindred: buy it, and possess it: but if it please thee not, tell me so, that I may know what I have to do. For there is no near kinsman besides thee, who art first, and me, who am second. But he answered: I will buy the field.
You know more than you're saying.
I really like to play football.
They are young adults.
Your sincerity makes me happy.
I made a reservation online but I didn't receive a confirmation email.
The correct answer should be marked with an X.
I don't have plans.
Robert is an oceanographer from Woods Hole Institute.
My son is waiting for me.
People prefer false praise to sincere criticism.
However, he found time for a quick meeting.
The cargo was stopped at customs.
I lost my daughter.
This is a cauldron.
How much would a meat fritter and a cold Coca-Cola cost?
I eat lunch every Friday at the pastry shop in the center of town.
Whom are you talking about?
How long will it take before there are no more wars on our Earth?
She did not participate in our conversation.
You screwed up, now don't blame me!
I made this dress myself.
You are always as busy as a bee, aren't you?
I need a font that looks like handwriting.
What is on television today at 7:o'clock?
We are chipping in to buy a cake.
Apart from English, he knows how to speak German.
The student was punished.
Don't wait for him. He's gone.
You always use the same pair for tennis shoes.
I fully trust your ability.
He asked me not to bring up the subject.
He asked me not to touch the subject.
Tom returned before 2:30.
My friend and I both went abroad to finish our studies.
They are thinking about the utilization of plastic bags in the country.
He will certainly be deported if found.
Is moldy bread still OK to eat?
How are your grandparents? It has been a long time since I've seen them.
If you don't ask, you won't receive.
His speech did not represent the party's wishes.
Don't wait for them. They're gone.
Where do you eat dinner?
Take care of my camera.
Do you live well in Paris?
Is the cost of living low in London?
He slept after taking them all.
Your story is strange but believable.
The government started to invest more in culture and leisure.
Americans buy too much.
Do you hear the sound of the wind?
We are the same height. We both measure one meter and seventy centimeters.
How do we say "thanks" in French?
I ate lunch before you.
Tom is not going to want Mary to do that.
I figured it out myself.
I do not have a bicycle.
This happened in October.
And he said to the ancients, and to all the people: You are witnesses this day, that I have bought all that was Elimelech's, and Chelion's, and Mahalon's, of the hand of Noemi.
I think a spy is among us.
The basket is full of bottles.
It is going to snow today.
And have taken to wife Ruth, the Moabitess, the wife of Mahalon, to raise up the name of the deceased in his inheritance lest his name be cut off, from among his family and his brethren and his people. You, I say, are witnesses of this thing.
I didn't do it willingly.
He's a big person.
She's a big person.
You're a big person.
She didn't mean to hurt you.
Why are you looking for them?
It isn't ready yet.
He isn't ready yet.
I can't help but be amazed at the beauty of a starry sky.
How long do you want to do it for?
How long do you want to do it?
The entire meadow is mine.
The whole meadow is mine.
There's a traffic jam on the highway.
They're going to throw me out of the house.
They're going to kick me out of the house.
I usually don't sleep that much.
It's poorly placed.
Boaz therefore took Ruth, and married her: and went in unto her, and the Lord gave her to conceive, and to bear a son.
And the women said to Noemi: Blessed be the Lord, who hath not suffered thy family to want a successor: that his name should be preserved in Israel.
And thou shouldst have one to comfort thy soul, and cherish thy old age. For he is born of thy daughter in law: who loveth thee: and is much better to thee, than if thou hadst seven sons.
And Noemi taking the child, laid it in her bosom, and she carried it, and was a nurse unto it.
To drink, I’d like a Coca-Cola.
To drink, I would like a Coca-Cola.
Tom is an optimist: he believes that he’s got a great future in front of him.
The forecast is for clear skies tonight.
If we’re going to be paid the same, I won’t work for ten months while you work only for two.
We talked to everyone.
How much are a dozen eggs?
But, do you intend to help us?
It’s already almost night.
I had just closed the door when someone knocked.
Patience is a virtue Tom had a lot of.
I'm eating some chocolate.
It would be more fun if you went with me.
She put her arm around her son’s shoulder.
Three months flew by like it was just one day.
Tom's lips trembled.
Will you help me find my keys?
I had the same idea.
Does your brother drive?
Pink is not my color.
I’m not going to adopt these sentences because I’m not Russian.
Like everyone else, I have good days and some not so good.
This food is delicious. Where did you learn to cook so well?
I waited for you at the park.
I waited for you in the park.
You won’t mollify him with that explanation.
It’s not exactly the same, but it is a kissing cousin.
They liberalized the marijuana laws in some states.
While sleuthing around, he discovered some things he wished he hadn’t.
They plan to liberalize the immigration rules.
And the women, her neighbours, congratulating with her, and saying, There is a son born to Noemi, called his name Obed: he is the father of Isai, the father of David.
What's your good name?
Like talking to a wall.
Tom was really funny.
I'm still feeling dizzy.
Tom was on his phone.
I'm always here to help.
Tom was kind of rude.
I'll be here until 2:30.
Tom was in handcuffs.
I was kind of irritated.
Tom was escorted out.
I tried to get that job.
I'll be glad to help Tom.
We talked to everybody.
You just have to turn on the TV.
What I'd like to drink is a cup of coffee.
I'd really like to drink a cup of coffee.
What I want now is a cup of coffee.
Is it safe to eat moldy bread?
Is it safe to eat moldy cheese?
I won't be here for more than two or three hours.
They will get the worst beating of their lives.
Does Tom have a horse?
We need to learn French.
Tom was taking notes.
We had such a good time.
Tom was really quiet.
The parking lot is full.
I'll make a cup of coffee for you.
Nobody cares about these questions.
I'll do the same thing that you do.
Nobody cares what you do.
Nobody really cares what we do.
Is it OK to take food on the plane?
I'll save a piece of pie for you.
Two squared equals four.
Five factorial equals one hundred and twenty.
Five factorial equals one hundred twenty.
plus equals 100.
The square root of six hundred and nine thousand nine hundred and sixty-one is seven hundred and eighty-one.
The square root of six hundred nine thousand nine hundred sixty-one is seven hundred eighty-one.
He can play the saw.
Tom isn't the brightest bulb on the porch.
Now after a long time the king of Egypt died: and the children of Israel groaning, cried out because of the works: and their cry went up unto God from the works.
And he heard their groaning, and remembered the covenant which he made with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
And the Lord looked upon the children of Israel, and he knew them.
Mary isn't the brightest bulb on the porch.
Now Moses fed the sheep of Jethro, his father in law, the priest of Madian: and he drove the flock to the inner parts of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, Horeb.
And the Lord appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he saw that the bush was on fire, and was not burnt.
Could you show me a camera less expensive than this one?
For me it doesn't matter one way or another.
Changing the color of the walls give the space more life.
What time did you arrive at the hospital?
Are the students ready to take the test?
Would you like one more cup?
I'm not going to school.
The train station is close to the hotel.
She's a pretty girl.
Give someone an inch, and they will take a mile.
He introduced me to his fathers.
I'm the older one.
She's younger than she said she was.
We had no choice but to go on foot.
We've one thing in common: We both are right handed.
Tom had no problem living alone on the island; he only missed two things: a touch of a woman and everyday's quarrels.
And Moses said: I will go, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.
And then everyone stood up and clapped.
I'm taking the subway to school.
And when the Lord saw that he went forward to see, he called to him out of the midst of the bush. and said: Moses, Moses. And he answered: Here I am.
Tom died without ever seeing his son again even though he searched for him till the end.
And he said: Come not nigh hither, put off the shoes from thy feet; for the place, whereon thou standest, is holy ground.
And he said: I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. Moses hid his face: for he durst not look at God.
The preparations continue.
So why do you want six copies of the same book?
Everything will turn out alright, you know it! Believe in yourself! You're already an outstanding swimmer.
They've moved.
Should I give you that?
Should I give you this?
But what is that awful ruckus?
Only you and Emmett are left.
Nothing will be hidden forever.
But why do you want six copies of the same book?
And the Lord said to him: I have seen the affliction of my people in Egypt, and I have heard their cry because of the rigour of them that are over the works.
No one knows where she gets the means for a comfortable existence.
She turned yellow with envy.
And knowing their sorrow, I am come down to deliver them out of the hands of the Egyptians, and to bring them out of that land into a good and spacious land, into a land that floweth with milk and honey, to the places of the Canaanite, and Hethite, and Amorrhite, and Pherezite, and Hevite, and Jebusite.
Don't teach a fish to swim.
For the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me: and I have seen their affliction, wherewith they are oppressed by the Egyptians.
But come, and I will send thee to Pharaoh, that thou mayst bring forth my people, the children of Israel, out of Egypt.
I always wanted to meet Tom.
How beautiful is a summer night's dream!
Both of the kids are dressed in white.
Is the house theirs?
Be careful to write in Spanish.
Where did she learn Basque?
What do you need so much money for?
They continued to say the same things.
I need to talk to you afterwards.
That didn't sit well with them.
Don't open your mouth, and your physiognomy demonstrates a preoccupation.
Is the deceased ready?
Once again I try to stay with a group a little bit bigger.
Why do you need so much money?
The night was so dark that we couldn't see, even in front of our noses.
We're not exactly friends, but we're not exactly enemies either.
Salt dissolves in water.
You don't take anything with you when you die.
Rudolph walked slowly toward the city.
They were prepared for any contingency.
They were ready for any possibility.
No one has understood it yet.
No one understood what Tom said.
Nobody understood what Tom said.
He had a round, curly beard and not a single gray hair.
The volcano vomited lava and flames.
There are only five minutes left and the road is long.
Your help is becoming more and more necessary for me!
Where would you be able to find me, love?
I'll be dead by then.
The shroud has no pockets.
Where would I be able to buy one of those?
Give me that one instead.
Tom flosses his teeth.
Are all of you beginners?
Tom came to Australia.
We're expecting company.
Tom called Mary a loser.
We should meet some day.
I wonder how long this is going to continue.
I pricked my finger with a needle.
My doctor told me to eat healthier food.
I won't be gone for more than two or three hours.
I won't be away for more than two or three hours.
How many mid-term exams do you have?
How many exams will you have next week?
I'll protect Tom with my life.
I'll return at half past two.
I'll return at 2:30.
How many rooms does Tom have in his apartment?
How many rooms does Tom have in his house?
How many rooms do you have in your house?
I'm sure Tom won't like this book.
I'm sure that Tom won't like this book.
I'll wait here until Tom comes.
I'll wait here till Tom comes.
Sami could not speak at all.
Sami should subscribe to this YouTube channel.
Sami held Layla at knife point.
Sami was involved in a bar fight.
Sami was involved in a huge bar fight.
Sami would be so pissed.
Sami named everybody involved.
Sami is going to name his daughter Layla.
Sami saw the video footage.
Sami has to see this.
Sami pulled a knife on Layla and her friends.
Sami should make a video about this.
Sami wanted to go and hang out with some friends that he hadn't seen in years.
Sami is doing nothing.
Sami got the OK to go.
Sami didn't know where that happened.
Sami wants to go to this bar.
Sami has to drive.
Sami knew Layla was going to be in this bar.
Sami supported Layla and her decisions.
Sami was the only black person there.
Sami was kind of uncomfortable and undecided.
Sami got drunk very fast.
Sami and Layla both drank alcohol.
Sami and his friends are playing pool.
Sami and Layla were sitting together.
Sami was dating Layla's friend.
Sami is already super drunk.
Sami ordered his drinks.
Sami wasn't taking Layla seriously.
Sami was just weird.
Sami is just a random guy.
Sami gave Layla more attention.
Sami ran to the bathroom.
Sami tried his hardest.
Sami and Layla wanted to get back together.
Sami really misses Layla.
Sami wanted to work things out with Layla.
Sami was in distress.
Sami was still my homie.
Sami still thinks about Layla.
Sami is kind.
Sami started bad-mouthing Layla.
Sami deserves way better.
Sami approached us.
Sami decided to go outside.
I saw Tom on the beach.
Will you be there Monday?
Tom was nasty to Mary.
The bar was very crowded.
Tom was lying to Mary.
Learning French was hard.
Tom was getting ready.
I'm not a very good cook.
Tom was following Mary.
I was never really alone.
Tom was confused, too.
I was getting suspicious.
Tom was asleep in bed.
I was absolutely shocked.
Tom is very irritated.
I heard a lot of yelling.
Tom is trying to walk.
Doing that was very smart.
Tom ate three cupcakes.
How about some more salad?
Tom followed us around.
I tried hard not to laugh.
Tom gave his dog water.
Tom gave water to his dog.
I was hoping for sympathy.
Tom got his money back.
I'd like to do that today.
Tom is a prisoner, too.
I'm almost ready to start.
Tom is a real nice guy.
I'll come again on the twentieth.
I'll come again on the 20th.
I'll never forget seeing Tom.
I'll salt the meat.
I'll offer Tom what help I can.
I'll call Tom tonight.
I'll keep this piece of cake for myself.
I'll never tell anyone about this.
I'll never tell anybody about this.
I'll lend this dictionary to you.
I'll certainly go and see Tom.
Her father was a policeman.
I'll just have two more beers.
I had hoped to meet them there.
I'll be back in an hour without fail.
I'll be back to get you in thirty minutes.
I'll be there before 2:30, if at all.
I'll take Tom with me to the hospital.
Sami was getting on Layla's nerves.
Sami stormed away.
Sami is sitting in that car.
Sami is bad-mouthing Layla.
Sami didn't hear the conversation fully.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is talking about Farid.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is bad-mouthing Farid.
Sami heard it for himself that time.
Sami said that girl was lying.
Sami heard that girl.
Sami had about sixteen beers.
Sami couldn't keep his balance.
Sami fell on the floor.
Sami is hitting Layla in the face.
Sami and his friends started fighting.
Sami called Layla a whore.
Sami is still in the bar.
Sami is the owner of the bar.
Sami owns the bar.
Sami owns a bar.
Sami owns that bar.
Sami is the one who started this whole thing.
Sami started fighting Layla's friend.
Sami was fighting the bigger guy.
Sami was trying to break out the fight.
Sami didn't want to continue that fight.
Sami said the cops were coming.
Sami can go home.
Sami was driving in the dirt.
Sami was driving Layla's car.
Sami started screaming and yelling at the cop.
Sami started fighting the cop.
Sami resisted arrest.
Sami got back on his motorcycle.
Sami was yelling at that girl.
Sami wouldn't do that to a woman.
Sami kept trying to hit that cop.
Sami is not going to let that happen in his bar.
Sami isn't going to let that happen in his bar.
Sami started following us.
Sami isn't a cop.
Sami is not a cop.
Sami got out of that car.
Sami is here for his girlfriend.
Sami totally forgot about that girl.
Sami put his hands up to fight that guy.
Sami was swinging that knife at Layla.
Sami said he was going to gut Layla like a fish.
Sami doesn't know why Layla has a knife.
Sami got in a big fight.
Sami has a knife.
Sami had a knife at Layla.
Sami needs a ride home.
Sami and Layla were on their way.
Sami is still holding his knife.
Sami is meeting Layla at a gas station.
Sami wanted to live a good healthy happy life.
Sami wanted to avoid the fight.
Sami wanted to avoid a fight.
Sami went to a Confederate bar.
Sami will never go back to that bar again.
Sami read this in the comments.
Sami is legal and can drink.
Sami told us an interesting story.
Sami's girlfriend looks gorgeous.
Sami's situation was not the same as Layla's.
Sami loves that girl.
Sami was homeless and broke in Cairo.
Sami told us about his experience.
Sami was molested by a family member.
Sami wanted to be a singer.
Sami got his GD.
Sami doesn't have to stay in Egypt anymore.
Sami doesn't have reliable family members.
Sami doesn't have family members that would be there for him during his time of need.
Sami has immediate family in Cairo.
Sami can't communicate with some members of his family.
Sami is different from the rest of his family.
Sami has a loving family.
Sami has a caring and loving family.
Sami doesn't need to be in Cairo anymore.
Sami was auditioned for a show.
Sami told his mother about it.
Sami's mother was very supportive of him leaving here.
Sami's mother was very supportive of him leaving Cairo.
Sami doesn't want to come back to Cairo.
Sami was so pumped to go to Cairo.
Sami was so excited to go to Cairo.
Sami was on the road to Cairo.
Sami listened to that song the entire way.
Sami loved the travel.
Sami looked at his sister and she looked at him.
Sami went through his audition.
Sami got weird vibes from that guy.
Sami didn't want us to stay in that place.
Sami slept on a couch.
Sami slept on a couch in the living room.
Sami is married to different women.
Sami stayed with his aunt.
Sami touched Layla's sister in her sleep.
Sami felt comfortable staying with his cousins.
I'll go to Australia soon.
Sami decided to go back to Egypt.
Sami was assigned to a homeless shelter.
Sami and his sister are old enough to be on their own.
Sami's home was destroyed by a storm.
Sami came with all his stuff.
Sami came with all his furniture.
Sami hung out with a bunch of drug addicts.
Sami has no motivation.
I'll probably be doing that again.
I'll tell you what I know about it.
Sami called his sister.
Sami and his sister didn't want to be separated.
Sami patted Layla down.
Sami was patted down by the security.
Sami's experience taught him a huge lesson.
Sami tried to stay in Cairo and get a job.
Sami was placed in a homeless shelter.
Sami lived in a really dangerous neighborhood.
Sami started sending out resumes.
Sami was trying to find a job in Cairo.
Sami was crying every night.
Sami stayed in a room probably half the size of this little room here.
Sami had a microwave.
Sami and Layla use the same shower facility.
Sami and Layla use the same microwave.
Sami had some space to walk.
Sami has to has his own apartment.
Sami didn't need an apartment.
Sami didn't need that apartment.
Sami used the microwave to make some macaroni.
Sami likes macaroni.
Sami needs to get out of that situation.
Sami lives in a shelter.
Sami needs to be back in the shelter before nine.
Sami worked in a shelter.
Sami's phone was disconnected.
Sami called his mom every day.
Sami and Layla didn't have any money.
Sami was homeless for a whole month.
Sami and his sister would not eat.
Sami was allowed to eat and pay later.
Sami can't picture himself going back to a situation like that.
Sami and Layla are at work.
Is this really a shortcut?
Tom is a very rude man.
The room was very crowded.
Tom is alone right now.
We always speak in French.
Tom is cheating on you.
We heard a lot of yelling.
Tom is pretty arrogant.
We know what you're up to.
Tom isn't an adult yet.
We needed to learn French.
Tom very seldom smiles.
We owed everybody in town.
Tom was drinking vodka.
We'd better get out of here while we still can.
Did you lock your suitcase?
We hired Tom yesterday.
Don't worry, I'll help you.
We're staying with Tom.
I felt kind of intimidated.
I tried to tell Tom that.
I was in Boston for a time.
Show Tom how to do that.
I'll never eat pasta again.
The doctor examined Tom.
I'm familiar with the area.
Tom almost lost his job.
I'm feeling so much better.
Tom can run pretty fast.
I'm not a very good dancer.
Tom has a dangerous job.
Consulting a dictionary is not allowed during the exam.
Friends, I beg you to keep silent for a while. Let Tom say something.
Maybe we should ask Tom?
And Moses said to God: Who am I that I should go to Pharaoh, and should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?
No one's gotten it yet.
No one has gotten it yet.
This is an accurate translation.
And he said to him: I will be with thee; and this thou shalt have for a sign that I have sent thee: When thou shalt have brought my people out of Egypt, thou shalt offer sacrifice to God upon this mountain.
Sami has so much control over the way Layla lives her life.
Sami has so much power over Layla.
Sami is a people pleaser.
Seven minus two is five.
Twenty-five percent of fifty is twelve and a half.
Eleven times eleven is one hundred twenty-one.
Eleven times eleven is one hundred and twenty-one.
Moses said to God: Lo, I shall go to the children of Israel, and say to them: The God of your fathers hath sent me to you. If they shall say to me: What is his name? What shall I say to them?
Twenty divided by two is ten.
Tom's mother is twice as old as him. When his age is added to hers, the total is fifty-one. How old are Tom and his mother?
Sami is imposing himself on us.
Sami doesn't even want that.
Sami needs to start to understand that this is garbage.
Sami is too dependent on the opinions of others.
Sami controls Layla's life.
Sami's story is pretty ridiculous.
Sami's excuses are pretty ridiculous.
Sami is a father.
Sami doesn't even do it that way.
Sami has changed his mind.
Sami is a customer.
Sami is concerned about his girlfriend.
Sami is on a date.
Sami is a random stranger.
Sami is a boss now.
Sami is the boss now.
Sami doesn't care about the opinions of other people.
Sami knows what he wants out of life.
Sami doesn't like Layla's work.
Sami doesn't like Layla's art.
Sami doesn't like Layla's cooking.
Sami wants to be a creator.
Sami wants to be an inventor.
Sami wants to be a doctor.
Sami wants to be a pilot.
Sami has a grand vision for his life.
Sami is building up a grand vision for his life.
Sami doesn't have a vision.
A prime number is a whole number greater than whose only factors are and itself.
God said to Moses: I AM WHO AM. He said: Thus shalt thou say to the children of Israel: HE WHO IS, hath sent me to you.
Tom's team scored a total of points. points were scored in the first half. How many were scored in the second half?
And God said again to Moses: Thus shalt thou say to the children of Israel: The Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob hath sent me to you; this is my name for ever, and this is my memorial unto all generations.
Go and gather together the ancients of Israel, and thou shalt say to them: The Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath appeared to me, saying: Visiting I have visited you; and I have seen all that hath befallen you in Egypt.
Donald Trump had a two-hour meeting with the Prince of Whales.
And I have said the word to bring you forth out of the affliction of Egypt, into the land of the Canaanite, and Hethite, and Amorrhite, and Pherezite, and Hevite, and Jebusite, to a land that floweth with milk and honey.
Tom is eating potato crisps.
You must know something about me.
And they shall hear thy voice; and thou shalt go in, thou and the ancients of Israel, to the king of Egypt, and thou shalt say to him: The Lord God of the Hebrews hath called us; we will go three days' journey into the wilderness, to sacrifice unto the Lord our God.
Is there hot water here?
But I know that the king of Egypt will not let you go, but by a mighty hand.
For I will stretch forth my hand, and will strike Egypt with all my wonders which I will do in the midst of them: after these he will let you go.
And I will give favour to this people, in the sight of the Egyptians: and when you go forth, you shall not depart empty. But every woman shall ask of her neighbour, and of her that is in her house, vessels of silver and of gold, and raiment: and you shall put them on your sons and daughters, and shall spoil Egypt.
I'm not a very good driver.
Tom is a parole officer.
This meat is really tender.
Tom is allergic to that.
We had a meeting in French.
Tom is an ambitious man.
I have written almost German sentences.
Do Germans eat a lot of pork?
We like our French teacher.
Tom is incredibly moody.
We started speaking French.
Tom laughed very loudly.
What's life like in Boston?
Tom made a lot of noise.
I'll do whatever I can to you help out.
I'll always love you, no matter what.
I'll continue doing this for as long as I can.
I'll be staying here for three days.
I'd like to stay here for three days.
I plan to be here for three days.
I got here three days ago.
I arrived here three days ago.
I'll see you there on the twentieth of October.
I'll be free three hours from now.
I'll take care of this myself.
I'll be in the country for three weeks.
I'll be back by 2:30, I promise.
I'll get my diploma in three months.
I'll ask Tom whether he's busy or not.
I'll ask Tom if he's busy or not.
I'll wait here until Tom comes back.
I'll wait here till Tom comes back.
I know what it feels like to be all alone.
I'll certainly be sad if Tom dies.
I'll have coffee and a donut.
I'll pay by credit card.
I'll keep Monday open for you.
I'll have to study three hours tomorrow.
I'll be in my office until 2:30.
I'll be in my office till 2:30.
I'll be off duty at noon on Monday.
I'll try Tom out as a secretary.
I'll let you know when Tom arrives.
I'll let you know when Tom gets here.
I'll bet you three hundred dollars Tom will win.
I'll bet you three hundred dollars that Tom will win.
I'll do anything you ask me to do.
I'll do anything you ask me to.
Do you have a flashlight I could borrow?
The dentist told me that he has to pull out three of my teeth.
The dentist told me he has to pull out three of my teeth.
I'll leave for Australia next week.
I'll take a trip to Boston next month.
I'll get back to Australia tomorrow.
I won't be in Boston next month.
I'll hire whoever Tom recommends.
I'm leaving Boston in about an hour.
I'll give Tom a piece of advice.
I'll take care of Tom tonight.
I'll pick you up at your home at 2:30.
I'll be back in thirty minutes or so.
I'll put Tom's courage to the test.
I'll come and visit you one of these days.
I'll ask Tom when Mary is supposed to be here.
I don't agree with what Tom just said.
I'll have today's special.
I'll never forget doing this.
I'll finish doing it as quickly as I can.
Tom is sad because his dog died.
I'll come again when you're free.
I'll stay in Australia for as long as I can.
I'll stay in Australia three months.
I'll give this book to you if you want it.
I'll be here in Boston three months.
I'll be in Australia till next Monday.
I'll ask Tom if he wants another drink.
I'll ask whether Tom wants another drink.
I'll stay right here till you get back.
I'll see Tom if he doesn't come too late.
I'll fix your sink for you if you want me to.
I'll eat my hat if Tom does that.
I'll get Tom to carry this box upstairs.
I'll ask Tom to carry this box upstairs.
I'll be waiting here until Tom gets back.
I'll have to tell Tom the truth tomorrow.
If Tom does that, I'll eat my hat.
I'll call you at 2:this afternoon.
I'll ask Tom to carry your suitcases upstairs.
I'll give Tom your message when he comes.
Mum is playing tennis now.
I'll call you the next time I'm in Boston.
I'll come when I've finished doing my homework.
I'll come after I've finished doing my homework.
I'll never forget what Tom said at that time.
I'll never forget Tom as long as I live.
I'll ask Tom to deliver this box to Mary.
I'll come over after I finish work.
I'll come visit you at your office tomorrow.
I'll never forget talking with Tom there.
I'll ask Tom how the accident happened.
Tom told me how the accident happened.
I'll look you up when I visit Boston.
I'll bet my bottom dollar Tom will succeed.
I'll go and meet Tom if it's necessary.
I'll expect to hear from you by Monday.
Sami has been putting that off forever.
Sami would love to hear that story.
Sami was cheated on.
Sami has a case of PTSD.
Sami can't trust that girl.
Sami finds it really hard to trust Layla.
Sami found out that his girlfriend was cheating on him.
Sami doesn't want to lose his girlfriend.
Sami needs to be careful about how he approaches this relationship.
Sami has know Layla for six years.
Sami and Layla met on Instagram.
Sami asked Layla for a picture.
Sami asked Layla for her Facebook.
Sami asked Layla for her Instagram.
Sami asked Layla for her number.
Sami said he had a girlfriend.
Sami isn't going to talk to that girl anymore.
Sami messaged Layla every single day.
Sami finally responded to all of Layla's messages.
Sami said he didn't have a girlfriend.
Sami thought Farid had a girlfriend.
Sami can't talk to another girl.
Sami does his own thing.
Sami was doing his own thing.
Sami was four hours away from Layla.
Sami doesn't have a driver's license.
Sami paid the ticket.
Sami's favorite musician was Elvis.
Sami asked Layla to go to that show.
Sami can't come to the show.
Sami and Layla can't come to the show.
Sami wanted to make Layla his girlfriend.
Sami wanted to see Layla at the party.
Sami wanted to see Layla at the concert.
Sami wanted to see Layla at the beach.
Sami wanted to see Layla on the beach.
Sami started posting photos of another girl on his Instagram.
Sami is posting crap on his Instagram.
Sami was talking about some woman he had met at the concert.
Sami posted a photo of him and that girl on his Instagram.
Sami and Layla had a rocky relationship.
Sami wants to talk to that girl.
Sami ended up getting cheated on by that girl.
Sami broke Layla's sister's heart.
Sami didn't know about that girl.
Sami was in love with that girl.
Sami was cheating on his ex.
Sami was disrespecting the teacher.
Sami was disrespecting his boss.
Sami was disrespecting his teacher.
Sami was disrespecting the principal.
Sami was disrespecting his principal.
Sami and Layla want to be in a relationship.
Sami wants to be in a relationship.
Sami and Layla's relationship wasn't OK.
Sami's family didn't like Layla because of her skin color.
Sami was choking Layla hard as fuck.
Sami put Layla's head against his chest.
Sami is flirting with other girls.
Sami was talking to other girls.
Sami was messaging other girls.
Sami was flirting with other girls.
Sami and Layla spent a couple of years together.
Sami wasn't in love with Layla anymore.
Sami and Layla paid bills together.
Sami really needed help.
Sami couldn't return any of Layla's help.
Sami thought he was in love with Layla.
Sami and Layla were in love.
Sami and Layla were in love and they did crazy things.
Sami wanted to end that relationship.
Sami doesn't want to be in that relationship anymore.
Sami and Layla shared a room together.
Sami and Layla shared an apartment together.
Sami and Layla would barely sleep together in the same bed.
Sami told Layla the exact same thing.
Sami doesn't know if Layla is talking to another guy.
Sami is talking to his parents about Layla.
Sami's break-up with Layla was very public.
Sami's break-up with Layla was very hard.
Sami didn't think that his relationship with Layla was worth fighting for.
Sami's break-up with Layla was very harmful.
Sami doesn't want a relationship.
Sami doesn't want to move to Egypt with Layla.
Sami and Layla want to talk about a couple of things.
Sami called his mother to come pick him up.
Sami was disgusted with that girl.
Sami drove for six hours.
Sami wondered why Layla was leaving him.
Sami worshipped the ground Layla walked on.
Sami and Layla broke up in June.
Sami uses his mother's Facebook account.
Sami didn't give any reason.
Sami spent over over sixty thousand dollars on Layla alone.
Sami spent so much money on Layla.
Sami spent over sixteen thousand dollars on studio equipment.
Sami spent over sixteen thousand dollars buying studio equipment.
Sami missed Layla's long hair.
Sami missed Layla's long straight hair.
Sami isn't interested in blondes.
Sami doesn't like blondes.
Sami is a really supportive person.
Sami is a really supportive partner.
Sami is a really supportive husband.
Sami bought a plane ticket to go to Egypt and see that girl.
Sami and Layla had a lengthy conversation.
Sami asked Layla for sexual favors.
Sami sent the message to Layla via Twitter.
Sami saw Layla's message.
Sami sent Layla messages.
Sami was being sexual with other girls.
Sami started talking to another girl after he broke up with Layla.
Sami had been talking to that girl for a month before he broke up with Layla.
Sami broke up with that girl for Layla.
Sami was going through rough times.
Sami said that that was against his morals.
Sami said that lying was against his morals.
Sami and Layla were just taking a break.
Sami's depression got even worse.
Sami never told the truth behind his break-up with Layla.
Sami never told Layla that he had a girlfriend.
Sami's relationship with Layla is already over.
Sami barely knows Layla.
Sami got treated in a very disrespectful way.
Sami was crying for no reason.
Sami just started crying for no reason.
Sami can't take back things that have been done.
Sami isn't worth Layla's time.
Sami matters more than anybody in this entire world.
Sami thought that it was time that he told the truth.
Sami disabled the comment section of his YouTube video.
Sami never told his story.
Sami hopes Layla has learned a lesson from this.
Sami married a country girl.
Sami isn't wearing glasses.
Sami is old enough to have wine.
Sami has been working at different nightclubs.
Sami works at a nightclub.
Sami was waving money at Layla's face.
Sami was screaming and cursing at the bartender.
Sami was cursing at the waitress.
Sami stole money from the club.
Sami was fired from the club.
Sami was working at a club.
Sami is the manager of the club.
Sami was very sexual towards the employee that worked at the club.
Sami pulled his penis out.
Sami pulled his penis out in front of his female co-workers.
Sami's Arabic was little to none.
Sami was walking around with a tray of shots, selling them at the club.
Sami started a new job at the club.
Sami didn't go to a bar.
Sami still had to do his job.
Sami was selling alcohol.
Sami's club opens at six.
Sami went to work at six.
Sami doesn't understand the terminology that Layla is using.
Sami refilled the bottle.
Sami had his bar set up a little earlier than six.
Sami got Layla a job at a club.
Sami is the manager of the nightclub.
Sami's manager is so cool.
Sami likes assertive women.
Sami has to respect his manager.
Sami can't yell at the manager.
Samin has respect for his manager.
Sami needed help setting up the bar.
Sami was being really weird with that girl.
Sami's shift starts at six.
Sami went to the back freezer to grab a bottle of alcohol.
Sami was like on drugs.
Sami was yelling at his manager.
Sami went back into his office.
Sami got that girl a job.
Sami is gonna have a word with the manager.
Sami was pretty much like Layla's boss.
Sami went to the back office.
Sami is going to have a word with the manager.
Sami got Layla hired at the job.
Sami asked Layla to go to the back office.
Sami waited outside the door.
Sami kept peeking out of the door to see if Layla was coming.
Sami took Layla back to the office.
Sami is sitting on the floor.
Sami doesn't work at that club anymore.
Sami has got to start from the bottom.
Sami wants to be a bartender.
Sami needs a lot of experience to be a bartender.
Sami was a drunk crowd of people.
Sami had a wife and kids.
Sami's kids used to come to the club and bartend.
Sami shoved the bottle into Layla's vagina.
Sami is interested in purchasing t-shirts from Layla.
Sami didn't like the last video that Layla posted on her YouTube channel.
Sami saw a girl having sexual intercourse with a dog.
Sami caught Layla having sex with her dog.
I'll miss you terribly if you leave Boston.
Sami is a club DJ.
Sami works on Friday night.
Sami is just a bartender.
Sami is a bar manager.
Sami hired new waitresses.
Sami hired a couple of strippers.
Sami's waitresses were wild as fuck.
Sami's waitresses were models.
Sami's strippers used to be models.
Sami's strippers had the prettiest faces he had ever seen.
Sami wants to be a rapper.
Sami is the best artist.
Sami took part in the contest.
Sami danced.
Sami's strippers came out and started dancing.
Sami supported his friends.
Sami was working at a strip club.
Sami's bar wasn't considered as a strip club.
Sami got what he wanted out of that girl.
Sami wanted to buy Layla a drink.
Sami poured Layla some tequila.
Sami gave the waitress a tip.
Sami made money doing that.
I don't really like going to school very much.
I plan to take French next semester.
I'll never forget seeing Tom on stage.
I'll be there by 2:without fail.
Sami sold his car for six hundred dollars.
Sami makes way more money than Layla.
Sami hired new waitresses and strippers.
Sami's waiteresses are strippers, too.
Sami sells drinks at a club.
Sami fired all of his strippers.
Sami danced with the strippers.
Sami's strippers aren't prostitutes.
Sami tried to make a little bit extra money.
Sami's strippers are beautiful.
Sami needs a drink.
Sami has to speak directly to the manager.
Sami has five or six strippers.
Sami felt comfortable being with that crowed.
Sami hired a couple of twerkers.
Sami hired a twerker.
Sami was dating a stripper.
Sami was dating a twerker.
Sami's strippers went home.
Sami fired his strippers and twerkers.
I'll be in Boston a few days next week.
Moses answered, and said: They will not believe me, nor hear my voice, but they will say: The Lord hath not appeared to thee.
Tom was here until 2:30.
I never put sugar in my tea.
Tom was already at work.
I have something in my shoe.
Tom tried to rip us off.
I eat a lot of Chinese food.
Tom sleeps on the floor.
I don't often eat mushrooms.
I'll ask Tom whether he wants another drink.
Then he said to him: What is that thou holdest in thy hand? He answered: A rod.
I'll be here to help you if you need me.
Sami was performing for six hundred dollars.
Sami was making good money.
Sami supported his wife.
Sami started dancing to the music.
Sami married a professional twerker.
Sami and Layla were having sex in the crowd.
Sami was pouring drink.
Sami was pouring his beer onto Layla's ass.
Sami started having sex with Layla.
Sami shoved the bottle of beer into Layla's vagina.
Sami chased Layla to the bathroom.
Sami was crying on his way to the bathroom.
Sami was trying to make his money.
Sami made lots of money.
Sami got kicked out of the club.
Sami was in the barthroom.
I'll pay you back as soon as I get paid.
I'll have worked here three years next October.
I'll get Tom to carry my suitcase upstairs.
I'll ask Tom to carry my suitcase upstairs.
And the Lord said: Cast it down upon the ground. He cast it down, and it was turned into a serpent, so that Moses fled from it.
I'll never see Tom again as long as I live.
I'll never forget the day we first met.
I'll never forget the day that we first met.
I'll go and see what the kids are doing.
Sami came up to Layla with a gun.
Sami came up to Layla with a gun and asked her to let him touch on her.
Sami has to work with those people.
Sami came to the nightclub Layla worked at.
Sami was murdered at a nightclub.
Sami's story was nothing.
Sami works at a dangerous nightclub.
I should be at your house by 2:30.
Sami wanted more people to know this.
I'll be a little late tonight for dinner.
I'll speak to Tom at the first opportunity.
Tom was really gullible.
I was suddenly very worried.
Tom was read his rights.
I was shocked by the answer.
Tom was quite talkative.
I was feeling pretty groggy.
Tom was in college then.
I was afraid to do anything.
I'll try to speak to you as soon as Tom has left.
The question arose again, but in a different form.
I'll take care of that myself.
This was a memorable day for me.
To get to the museum, you need to take that bus.
And the Lord said: Put out thy hand, and take it by the tail. He put forth his hand, and took hold of it, and it was turned into a rod. That they may believe, saith he, that the Lord God of their fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath appeared to thee.
I'll miss you so much when you leave in October.
I'll come and pick you up at your place at 2:30.
Tom was in Boston for a while.
I'll come and see you at 2:on Monday.
I'll do anything you want me to do.
I'll do anything that you want me to do.
I'll go to Boston next month with one of my friends.
I'll focus on one problem at a time.
I'll look after your dog while you are away.
I'll find a good time to tell Tom about it.
I'll give you Tom's telephone number.
I'll see to it that you meet Tom at the party.
I'll never forget visiting Boston last summer.
I'll make sure that Tom does that sometime today.
I'll make sure Tom does that sometime today.
Tom is a generous person.
This chicken is very tender.
Tom is a disabled person.
Tell us a story in French.
Tom became uncooperative.
It could happen to you, too.
It's too bad Tom is sick.
It's too bad that Tom is sick.
I'm beginning to feel dizzy.
Tom was taking pictures.
I was trying to fall asleep.
And the Lord said again: Put thy hand into thy bosom. And when he had put it into his bosom, he brought it forth leprous as snow.
And he said: Put back thy hand into thy bosom. He put it back, and brought it out again, and it was like the other flesh.
Whose little hands are these?
If they will not believe thee, saith he, nor hear the voice of the former sign, they will believe the word of the latter sign.
But if they will not even believe these two signs, nor hear thy voice: take of the river water, and pour it out upon the dry land, and whatsoever thou drawest out of the river, shall be turned into blood.
What is that boy's problem?
Harry is working under the direction of an expert.
Calcium is a chemical element with the symbol Ca.
Your father agreed with your plan.
He accepted all of the financial risk of our newspaper.
Maria is afraid of getting pregnant.
Tom suffered an accident.
The line s is tangent to the circumference described.
Do this, if possible.
Today they're free, but tomorrow they will have to work.
You have to return.
We watched the sun be hidden by the horizon.
You can make me happy by being happy.
Don't repeat those heinous words.
Lusia, come to your senses!
I didn't know him either.
Tom's not very frugal.
Tom is not very frugal.
Tom isn't very frugal.
Moses said: I beseech thee, Lord, I am not eloquent from yesterday and the day before; and since thou hast spoken to thy servant, I have more impediment and slowness of tongue.
They buried us but they forgot we are seeds.
Boris Johnson is the British Donald Trump.
I couldn't care less about you.
Mike Pompeo claims Iran sank the USS Maine.
The Lord said to him: Who made man's mouth? or who made the dumb and the deaf, the seeing and the blind? did not I?
Mike Pompeo claims that Iran sank the USS Maine.
Some chips, please.
Tom didn't want to queue.
Tom didn't want to stand in the queue.
I don't know her whereabouts.
I am a friend of Tom's.
In truth, the Road is very simple, but human beings like detours.
See you soon, Marco!
If you drink and drive, you can wind up in jail.
His body was thrown into the sea and was never found.
Are you going to come to Rio de Janeiro in August during the Olympics?
Intelligence violates the law of instinct.
The thief blended into the crowd.
I never saw a hydrophone before now.
I have been a member of Tatoeba for years.
I hope this is a good list.
Go therefore, and I will be in thy mouth; and I will teach thee what thou shalt speak.
I speak Bangla.
Tom speaks Bangla.
He speaks Bangla.
She speaks Bangla.
I don't speak Bangla.
Tom doesn't speak Bangla.
Tom doesn't speak Bengali.
But he said: I beseech thee, Lord, send whom thou wilt send.
The Lord being angry at Moses, said: Aaron the Levite is thy brother, I know that he is eloquent: behold he cometh forth to meet thee, and seeing thee, shall be glad at heart.
I prefer raw vegetables to cooked ones.
Speak to him, and put my words in his mouth: and I will be in thy mouth, and in his mouth, and will shew you what you must do.
Does Australia have a coastline?
Does Austria have a coastline?
Is Australia a landlocked country?
Is Austria a landlocked country?
What is the total area of Australia?
He shall speak in thy stead to the people, and shall be thy mouth: but thou shalt be to him in those things that pertain to God.
And take this rod in thy hand, wherewith thou shalt do the signs.
Moses went his way, and returned to Jethro his father in law, and said to him; I will go and return to my brethren into Egypt, that I may see if they be yet alive. And Jethro said to him: Go in peace.
Didn't you know that I wanted to do that?
Didn't you know I wanted to do that?
And the Lord said to Moses, in Madian: Go, and return into Egypt; for they are all dead that sought thy life.
Moses therefore took his wife, and his sons, and set them upon an ass; and returned into Egypt, carrying the rod of God in his hand.
And the Lord said to him as he was returning into Egypt: See that thou do all the wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in thy hand: I shall harden his heart, and he will not let the people go.
Do you speak Bangla?
Do you speak Bengali?
And thou shalt say to him: Thus saith the Lord: Israel is my son, my firstborn. I have said to thee: Let my son go, that he may serve me, and thou wouldst not let him go: behold I will kill thy son, thy firstborn.
And when he was in his journey, in the inn, the Lord met him, and would have killed him.
Immediately Sephora took a very sharp stone, and circumcised the foreskin of her son, and touched his feet, and said: A bloody spouse art thou to me.
And he let him go after she had said: A bloody spouse art thou to me, because of the circumcision.
Tom is a serious student.
We're almost ready to start.
Tom is a good programmer.
We liked our French teacher.
Can you play the ukulele?
Tom learned to play the ukulele before he learned to play the guitar.
Please don't make things more complicated than they already are.
Call Tom and tell him about it.
Give Tom a call and tell him about it.
Tom is learning to play the ukulele.
Tom still can't play the ukulele well.
We're waiting for Tom to tell us that it's OK to begin.
We're waiting for Tom to tell us that it's OK to start.
We'll start when Tom tells us to start.
Tom didn't seem willing to help us.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary will get along well.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will get along well.
You should trust Tom more.
We're waiting for Tom to tell us it's OK to start.
We're waiting for Tom to tell us it's OK to begin.
I wasn't aware that Tom wouldn't be there.
I wasn't aware Tom wouldn't be there.
Tom is always by himself.
Did you lock all the windows?
Tom is about to graduate.
What's your morning routine?
I bet we're going to be late.
Tom is an absolute angel.
I didn't get a chance to try.
Tom is dating that girl.
I bet that we're going to be late.
Where is the glassworks located at?
We're doing what we're supposed to do.
We're doing what we're supposed to be doing.
We're in the library.
We're meeting on Monday.
I earn about $300,a year.
Tom is going to die soon.
I was never Mary's boyfriend.
Tom is good with numbers.
We're not sure if Tom is right.
We'll be doing that tomorrow afternoon.
We're planning to go swimming this afternoon.
We're hoping that you'll support us.
I haven't figured out that part yet.
Why can't we use this room?
It wasn't Tom who did this.
Maybe we should ask Tom.
Maybe we should ask Tom if he knows Mary's phone number.
You're a real genius.
I love your shoes.
Should I give Tom this?
Should I give this to Tom?
No one's here yet.
Nobody's here yet.
I resumed whistling.
A lot of things happened today.
I won't lock the door.
The first step in solving a problem is realizing there's a problem.
The first step in solving a problem is realizing that there's a problem.
What were you doing on the roof?
I really enjoy playing basketball.
Both Tom and Mary were dressed in black.
Tom and Mary were both dressed in black.
I walked home by myself.
I'll do your laundry for you.
Tom is the man in charge.
I'm not sorry for what I did.
Tom is wasting his money.
I've been trying to fix that.
Tom isn't a photographer.
If I were you, I wouldn't go.
I've been keeping something for you.
'Mr President, do you know the difference between refugees and immigrants?' – 'No. I don't understand that at all. I am a politician, not a scientist.'
Things are usually janus-faced. And these fanatics only see one side.
We all got fired.
Sami was waiting for Layla at his house.
And the Lord said to Aaron: Go into the desert to meet Moses. And he went forth to meet him in the mountain of God, and kissed him.
And Moses told Aaron all the words of the Lord, by which he had sent him, and the signs that he had commanded.
And they came together, and they assembled all the ancients of the children of Israel.
And Aaron spoke all the words which the Lord had said to Moses: and he wrought the signs before the people.
And the people believed. And they heard that the Lord had visited the children of Israel, and that he had looked upon their affliction: and falling down they adored.
Tom backpedaled.
Tom skipped rocks on the lake.
Tom skipped stones on the lake.
Tom taught me how to skip rocks.
After these things, Moses and Aaron went in, and said to Pharaoh: Thus saith the Lord God of Israel: Let my people go, that they may sacrifice to me in the desert.
But he answered: Who is the Lord, that I should hear his voice, and let Israel go? I know not the Lord, neither will I let Israel go.
And they said: The God of the Hebrews hath called us, to go three days' journey into the wilderness, and to sacrifice to the Lord our God; lest a pestilence or the sword fall upon us.
The king of Egypt said to them: Why do you Moses and Aaron draw off the people from their works? Get you gone to your burdens.
And Pharaoh said: The people of the land are numerous; you see that the multitude is increased; how much more if you give them rest from their works?
What's happening outside?
Do you know why that happened?
I wonder why that happened.
We should trust Tom more.
I wish I were a better French speaker.
It's too bad that Tom doesn't understand French very well.
It's too bad Tom doesn't understand French very well.
I need you to help me today.
I drank about three liters of water today.
Tom isn't the smartest student in the class.
What you're doing makes me happy.
I've never seen a pink fridge.
I've never seen a pink refrigerator.
There were a lot of people there to meet us.
Tom isn't snoring.
Tom wasn't snoring.
Tom was snoring.
Tom's snoring kept me awake.
Tom snores pretty loudly.
Tom doesn't lack courage.
It took a lot of courage to do that.
Buy milk on your way home.
I see you've bought yourself a new hat.
I see that you've bought yourself a new hat.
The Dravidian languages of South India are unrelated to Hindi.
In India there are three major language families unrelated to one another: the Indo-Aryan, Dravidian and Munda languages.
This is awful, isn't it?
Tom often works overtime.
Too much salt is bad for you.
Tom seemed really scared.
We can communicate in French.
Tom should be told not to do that anymore.
We couldn't get the box open.
Tom is the dumbest student in the class.
Tom was in the buff on the beach.
Mary was in the buff on the beach.
The wind blew the dust from the balcony.
If you don't listen, you'll have to feel.
There's none so deaf as those who will not hear.
I'm pretty sure Tom can do it.
We speak French in this area.
We'll be closing early today.
Tom was drinking tequila.
Which one should I eat first?
Tom was drunk that night.
Did you really like Australia?
Tom was making fun of me.
I forgot to ask for a receipt.
Tom was messing with you.
Tom landed in a madhouse.
Sami peed in a bucket.
Sami sits here.
Sami didn't watch Layla's previous video.
Sami's story is really weird.
Sami read Harry Potter.
Sami is great.
Sami doesn't use his iPhone much.
Sami is gonna travel sixty miles.
Sami came the following Saturday.
Sami sold his iPhone.
Sami was driving an old car.
Sami was standing in his hallway.
Sami has headphones.
Sami is really interested in Layla's car.
Sami walked up the stairs.
Sami needs a bucket.
Sami locked himself in the bathroom.
Sami was looking at his sister.
Sami's sister was still home.
Sami pooped in Layla's house.
Sami peed in his bucket.
Sami has a perfectly good-working toilet.
Sami could have just used the toilet.
Sami put the bucket on the floor.
I just can't open this jar.
Sami wanted to get out of that house.
Sami pooed in a bucket.
Sami pooed in Layla's toilet.
Sami was waiting there.
Sami was waiting in that locaiton.
Sami failed to understand people.
Sami doesn't have to try and understand anyone.
Sami was pooing in the backyard.
Sami had a medical condition.
Sami peed in the backyard.
Sami listed his computer on Craigslist.
Sami was working at the club.
Sami has his whole day to do his own shit.
Sami is filming his show.
Sami has been doing different types of videos.
Sami shouldn't fuck with Layla's Facebook content.
Sami called his club "Layla."
Sami was being a fucking creep.
Sami was working for that club.
Sami played hiphop music.
Sami played Latin music.
Sami listens to Latin music.
Sami went to a party.
Sami wanted to have a good time.
Sami's club is really fun.
Sami saved Layla's fucking life.
Sami doesn't speak to people.
Sami picked up a girl.
Sami goes to clubs to pick up girls and sleep with them.
Sami works at a celebrity club.
Sami works at Layla's club.
Sami is working at a nightclub.
Sami enjoys the bar scene.
Sami enjoyed the nighclub scene.
Sami started to make more money.
Sami worked there a couple of nights.
Sami has his regulars.
Sami came every Saturday.
Sami wore a red Spiderman shirt.
Sami had a black Spiderman shirt.
Sami was a regular.
Sami saw that man all the time.
Sami was serving shots.
Sami was flirty with that girl.
Sami was really friendly with those people.
Sami picked up all types of bitches.
Sami is a DJ.
Sami is a promoter.
Sami is a customer just like everybody else.
Sami walked past that girl a couple of times.
Sami ordered more shots.
Sami wanted to buy a shot for Layla.
Sami's girlfriend is so fucking pretty.
Sami isn't their friend.
Sami didn't want to be their friend.
Sami is talking to that guy.
Sami got Layla a shot from the bar.
Sami goes to that nightclub after work.
Sami really thinks Layla is a prostitute.
Sami is interested in sex.
Sami is a construciton worker.
Sami thought Layla would have sex with him.
Sami kindly denied Layla's offer.
Sami isn't scared of this man.
Sami isn't afraid of this man.
Sami and Layla were drunk as fuck.
Sami withdrew money from an ATM.
Sami wanted to withdraw money.
Sami withdrew money from his bank account.
Sami withdrew money from an ATM at the club.
Sami wanted to kiss that girl.
Sami was trying to be kind with that man.
Sami asked that girl to make out with her.
Sami came back six minutes later.
Sami paid the prostitute for the rest of the night just to sit with him at the nightclub.
Sami called Farid weirdo.
Sami always does this shit.
Sami was really embarrassing that girl.
Sami and Layla were fighting at the nightclub.
Sami hid in the women's bathroom.
Sami doesn't know what happened at the nightclub.
Sami has another girlfriend.
Sami goes to clubs every night.
Sami was having fun with his friends.
Sami knows all of Layla's secrets.
Sami doesn't want to work at a nightclub.
Sami's stories are interesting.
Sami thinks this is a lie.
Sami is reading books.
Sami doesn't have to watch this video.
Sami doesn't read the comments on his videos.
Sami no longer watches Layla's videos.
Sami doesn't watch Layla's YouTube videos.
Sami isn't trying to influence Layla to smoke weed.
Sami didn't try to influence Layla to smoke weed.
Sami lives in our state now.
Sami lives in our area now.
Sami is a friend of Layla's boyfriend's.
Sami is a friend of my friend's.
Sami needs weed.
Sami has no weed to smoke.
Sami's eating habits have changed.
Sami doesn't have an appetite.
Sami is only hungry when he smokes weed.
Sami and Layla both needed weed.
Sami gave Layla his credit card.
Sami bought Layla some weed.
Sami sold Layla some weed.
Sami was messaging Layla on Instagram.
Sami met Layla at work.
Sami was messaging Layla from his sister's account.
Sami will be on his way.
Sami gave Layla six minutes.
Sami is reading Layla's shit.
Sami and Layla are reading Farid's diary.
Sami lived with his friends.
Sami has never given Layla a reason to be afraid of him.
Sami opened the door normally.
Sami hid behind the door.
Sami stood behind the door.
Sami had his gun.
Sami has a small regular handgun.
Sami was wearing a blue Spiderman shirt.
Sami was wearing a blue shirt.
Sami is doing a transaction.
Sami is waiting in the car.
Sami was as quiet as fuck.
Sami needs some weed.
Sami smokes weed.
Sami forgot where he put his weed.
Sami lost his weed.
Sami threw his weed away.
Sami and Layla are doing drugs.
Sami's decision saved his life.
Sami used to pay Layla six hundred dollars.
Sami is just here for some weed.
Sami was still trying to have casual conversation with Layla.
Sami and Layla were friends.
Sami and Layla knew each other since high school.
Sami is one of my friends.
Sami bought some weed.
Sami was really making that girl uncomfortable.
Sami hit on that girl.
Sami put the gun on his desk.
Sami took Layla to another bedroom.
Sami raped Layla in his bedroom.
Sami raped Layla in his living room.
Sami raped Layla in his office.
Sami was checking the living room.
Sami has a gun in his car.
Sami grabbed the gun and started to shoot.
Sami left in such a hurry.
Sami paid Layla for the weed.
Sami was upset with that girl.
Sami isn't talking about the weed.
Sami was waving a gun around.
Sami can't find his gun.
Sami gave me back my money.
Sami didn't steal from that girl.
Sami was hitting on Layla's sister.
Sami was hitting on the waitress.
Sami was hitting on that girl.
Sami accused Layla of stealing his money.
Sami had a handgun.
Sami thinks Layla stole money from him.
Sami had a problem.
Sami doesn't even know what Layla's problem is.
Sami's money was in his bag.
Sami told Layla that her boyfriend stole six hundred dollars from him.
Sami doesn't know how much money was missing.
Sami kept texting Layla's boyfriend.
Sami doesn't have Layla's money.
Sami was the last person to leave that apartment.
Sami doesn't know where his money is.
Sami delivered weed to Layla.
Sami left in a rush.
Sami and Layla were punks.
Sami got a call from his dealer.
Sami found his money.
Sami found his shit.
Sami has found his money.
Sami found his weed.
Sami got robbed at gunpoint near his job.
Sami wants more stories like these.
Sami likes to do digital music.
Sami is a live musician.
Therefore he commanded the same day the overseers of the works, and the task-masters of the people, saying: You shall give straw no more to the people to make brick, as before; but let them go and gather straw.
And you shall lay upon them the task of bricks, which they did before; neither shall you diminish any thing thereof, for they are idle, and therefore they cry. saying: Let us go and sacrifice to our God.
Tom made a Lichtenberg figure.
Tom is a pyrography artist.
Tom is a pyrographer.
Tom is a wood-burning artist.
Mary is a paper marbler.
Mary is a paper-marbling artist.
Mary is an Ebru artist.
Tom is an anti-vaccinationist.
Tom swam through the sea of people.
Let them be oppressed with works, and let them fulfil them; that they may not regard lying words.
And the overseers of the works, and the taskmasters, went out and said to the people: Thus saith Pharaoh: I allow you no straw; go, and gather it where you can find it; neither shall any thing of your work be diminished.
And the people was scattered through all the land of Egypt to gather straw.
And the overseers of the works pressed them, saying: Fulfil your work every day, as before ye were wont to do, when straw was given you.
And they that were over the works of the children of Israel, were scourged by Pharaoh's taskmasters, saying: Why have you not made up the task of bricks, both yesterday and today, as before?
And the officers of the children of Israel came, and cried out to Pharaoh, saying: Why dealest thou so with thy servants?
I have no name yet.
Straw is not given us, and bricks are required of us as before; behold we, thy servants, are beaten with whips, and thy people is unjustly dealt withal.
I have no idea where I was born.
Maria's house is closed.
Usually children do not like gilo.
What time did you arrive from Philadelphia?
And he said: You are idle, and therefore you say: Let us go and sacrifice to the Lord.
Do you like your name?
They were careful when traversing the forest.
The cobbler repairs footwear.
I'm a chemical engineer.
Go therefore and work: straw shall not be given you, and you shall deliver the accustomed number of bricks.
And the officers of the children of Israel saw that they were in evil case, because it was said to them: There shall not a whit be diminished of the bricks for every day.
And they met Moses and Aaron, who stood over against them as they came out from Pharaoh, and they said to them: The Lord see and judge, because you have made our savour to stink before Pharaoh and his servants, and you have given him a sword, to kill us.
Donald Trump has small hands.
Nothing appears to be missing.
Tom was talking about us.
I won't be home for Christmas.
Tom was never rude to me.
I'm not a very good guitarist.
Tom was rude to everyone.
What's life like in Australia?
Tom was wearing a hoodie.
Who do I have to do that with?
Tom was wearing sneakers.
Don't flirt with my girlfriend.
Tom was with his friends.
How easy is it to learn French?
Tom was working that day.
I did whatever I could to help.
Tom watched Mary do that.
Nucleic acids are organic compounds.
Poor Luis. Last night, when he was going home very late, some hooded men turned up and beat him up. He is in the hospital.
There are poisonous plants.
I didn't know something like this could happen.
I needed stamps, too.
Tom watched TV with Mary.
I want to do that before I die.
Tom will be walking home.
I'm not a very good songwriter.
Tom's voice is very good.
I'm not yet used to the noise.
Where is the lift?
Where's the lift?
Yana fooled him.
I killed both of them.
I'm not yet used to this noise.
I like my aunt a lot.
I want Tom's help.
I slapped Tom.
I slapped Tom's face.
Sami was gone from Facebook for almost a year.
Sami had to rebuild his YouTube channel.
Sami is a subscriber.
Sami resubscribed to Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami has no clue.
Sami got caught selling fake alcohol.
Sami was selling fake alcohol.
Sami's boss was gross.
Sami didn't care about working Saturday night.
Sami works on Saturdays.
Sami touched on his female employees.
Sami drinks the top shelf alcohol.
Sami sold alcohol.
Sami was paying extra money.
Sami drinks cognac.
Sami spent millions.
Sami spent thousands of dollars at that club.
Sami's club has a roach infestation.
Sami cut up the fruits.
Sami cut up the lemons.
Sami cut up the oranges.
Sami cut up the apples.
Sami eats roaches.
Sami drinks alcohol.
Sami found a bug in his drink.
Sami would never ever drink at bars.
Sami would never drink at clubs.
Sami gave Layla a drink that had a dead bug in it.
Sami found a dead bug in his drink.
Sami found a little roach in his drink.
Sami found a roach in his drink.
Sami found a fly in his drink.
I'm playing baseball now.
Sami found a bee in his drink.
Sami found a beetle in his drink.
Sami finished his drink and threw the cup away.
Sami works at that club.
Sami doesn't want to get in an argument with Layla.
Sami will kick your ass.
Sami's boss has become more aggressive.
Sami didn't want to bartender at that club.
Sami put Layla behind the bar.
Sami's alcohol is fake.
Sami is serving fake alcohol.
Sami was serving fake alcohol.
Sami paid six bucks.
Sami took a shot of whisky.
Sami was upset at the prices.
Sami is a whisky drinker.
I have visited Australia.
Sami's bottle was filled with whisky.
Sami drank two shots of whisky.
Sami took his shot.
Sami is busy as fuck.
Sami was standing in the line.
Sami works at this bar.
Sami was in line.
Sami's girlfriend is fuming.
Sami wanted another shot of whisky.
Sami was pouring the bottle into the cup.
Sami was taking Layla's money.
Sami sells whisky.
Sami was yelling at the bartender.
Sami talked to his boss.
Sami was pouring the whisky from a different bottle.
Sami offered Layla a free shot.
Sami is not drinking alcohol.
Sami drank cognac.
Sami was selling fake cognac.
Sami took another shot of cognac.
Sami's cognac is fake.
Sami told the manager.
Sami never answers Layla's questions.
Sami was selling fake ass alcohol.
Sami tried to get some more alcohol.
Sami cracked the bottle open.
Sami hated working at that nightclub.
Sami works as a bartender.
Sami sells fake alcohol at his club.
Sami is wearing a cowboy hat.
Sami wondered why Layla was wearing a cowboy hat.
Sami filmed some videos.
Sami and Layla don't give a fuck.
Sami had six different YouTube channel.
Sami started a new YouTube channel.
Sami shared his experience on YouTube.
Sami started vlogging on his YouTube channel.
Sami is stealing money from Layla.
Sami and Layla work at a club.
Sami works at a Latin club.
Sami played rap music.
Sami played techno music.
Sami played Egyptian music.
Sami made Layla a bartender.
Sami went to bartending school.
Sami decided to recruit Layla as a shot girl.
Sami didn't have a license.
Sami comes every week.
Sami served them shots.
Sami is not a cheater.
Sami isn't a cheater.
Sami was nice to that girl.
Sami hates prostitutes.
Sami was really nice to that prostitute.
Sami touched Layla's shoulder.
Sami was serving shots around the club all night.
Sami and Farid got in a fight outside the club.
Sami left the club at six in the morning.
Sami and Layla were serving shots.
Sami's shots are too expensive.
Sami just kept talking about how much money he had.
Sami picked up his phone and called Layla.
Sami did not want to have anything to do with Layla.
Sami didn't want to have anything to do with that girl.
Sami didn't want to have anything to do with that dog.
Sami really wasn't in the mood.
Sami didn't leave the club.
Sami left the club.
Sami was still dancing at the club.
Sami's club is closed.
Sami really wanted to dance with that girl.
Sami grabbed Layla by her waist.
Sami was waiting for security to come.
Sami wanted to rob that girl.
Sami took money out of Layla's pocket.
Sami didn't take money from Layla.
Sami took Layla by her shirt.
Sami and Layla stayed there the whole night.
Sami robbed Layla in her face.
Sami got security on Layla.
Sami gave Layla double what he took from her.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's money.
Sami was robbing women at the club.
Sami hated every second of that.
Sami could have a weapon in his pocket.
Sami started working at the club.
Sami was sick and tired of people doing things like that.
Sami gave his opinion on that.
Sami preyed on teenagers.
Sami can go more into detail about that later.
Sami works in the laundry room.
Sami removed that video from his YouTube channel.
Sami watched the video to the very end.
Sami needs to watch the video to the end.
Sami had a crush on that girl.
Sami doesn't want to have anything to do with his ex.
Sami doesn't want to have anything to do with his girlfriend's ex.
Sami is acting like a little kid.
Sami stole Layla's diary.
Sami destroyed his diary.
Sami stole Layla's diary and destroyed it.
Sami hates telling this story.
Sami and Layla have become friends.
Sami and Farid are the same person.
Sami and Layla started having lunch together.
Sami and Layla started hanging out every day.
Sami and Layla were together all the time.
Sami was giving Layla the benefit of the doubt.
Sami was so sheltered from the world that he didn't even know how to communicate with kids his age.
Sami has been homeschooled his whole life.
Sami was closed off from the world.
Sami was so closed off from the world that he didn't know how to communicate properly with people.
Sami thought Layla was a really cool girl.
Sami started to open up more to his adoptive parents.
Sami told Layla not to date that guy.
Sami would see Layla every single day.
Sami would come to Layla's house every day after work and would spend the night there.
Sami would call and text Layla all the time.
Sami ignored Layla for a week straight.
Sami was so ashamed of what he did to his best friend.
Sami ruined his friendship with Layla.
Sami pulled his phone out.
Sami is going to ruin Layla's life.
Sami and Layla are losers.
Sami and Layla came to lunch with us.
Sami still considered Layla as a friend.
Sami still owes Layla money.
Sami is one of my best friends.
Sami was throwing a huge party.
Sami went with his friend Layla.
Sami went to the show.
Sami went with his friend Layla to the show.
Sami drank a lot of alcohol.
Sami bought all those pizzas.
Sami started handing out pizza to everyone.
Sami handed out a pizza to Layla and her friends.
Sami doesn't want pizza.
Sami handed Layla a pizza.
Sami and Layla went about their business.
Sami has long gorgeous hair.
Sami is probably a heroine addict.
Sami wanted to have fun at the party.
Sami made his way away from Layla.
Sami didn't recognize Layla from her photos.
Sami had sex with a sixteen year old girl.
Sami called Layla his guardian angel.
Sami is a hippy.
Sami really wants to talk to that girl.
Sami and Layla were texting every single day.
Sami and Layla's date was really romantic.
Sami took Layla to an ice cream parlor.
Sami stood over the bridge.
Sami and Layla had their first kiss on the bridge.
And Moses returned to the Lord, and said: Lord, why hast thou afflicted this people? wherefore hast thou sent me? For since the time that I went in to Pharaoh to speak in thy name, he hath afflicted thy people: and thou hast not delivered them.
Sami and Layla stood over the bridge.
Sami has an interview tomorrow.
Sami left with his friend.
Sami allowed Layla to bring her friend with her.
Sami and Layla were in love with each other.
Sami took a really long time to reply.
Sami ignored Layla for almost a week and a half.
Sami really started to like that girl.
Sami was with that girl.
Sami looked completely different from the photo Layla showed us.
Sami was going to a party that one of his friends was hosting.
Sami saw Layla at that party.
Sami was talking to his girlfriend.
Sami doesn't want to hurt Layla's feelings.
Sami was still seeing that girl.
Sami and Layla's conversation got deeper.
Sami told Layla about his ex.
Sami has never been in a serious relationship.
Sami's ex was crazy.
Sami probably knows Layla's ex.
Sami was dating Layla's best friend.
Sami is dating Layla's best friend.
Sami cheated on Layla with her best friend.
Sami had a photo of Layla's saved on his phone.
Sami is one of the most terrible people I have ever known.
Sami is a terrible partner.
Sami loves his parents so much.
Sami got cheated on by his girlfriend.
João passed on all subjects.
Sami deserves the punishment.
Sami is a guy Layla cheated on me with.
Sami and Layla spoke some times but they never dated.
Sami was hosting a mini-concert in his house.
Sami had no clue he was dating his best friend's ex.
Sami did this to a lot of girls.
Sami cut his girlfriend off.
Sami is a bad guy.
Sami and Layla had a weird relationship.
Sami started liking that girl.
Sami was heavy on drugs.
Sami met Layla two Halloweens ago.
Sami is hosting a Halloween party.
Sami and Layla went on their first date last summer.
Sami's pizza is my number one.
Sami loves Layla's pizza.
Sami and Layla had their first kiss at that club.
Sami and Layla met up again before their went to work.
Sami was a good guy.
Sami is a sweet guy.
Sami and Layla would hang out every single day.
Sami wanted us to come to his party.
Sami will meet Layla at the party.
Sami went to that party at around six.
Sami helped the girls decorate the room.
Sami was trapped at that house.
Sami is texting that girl.
Sami is texting the manager.
Mennad's house was packed.
Sami didn't see Layla at the party.
Sami finally came to the party.
Sami walked in five minutes after Layla walked in.
Sami was drunk out of his mind.
Sami was probably on some sort of drug.
Sami had a bottle of whisky in his hand.
Sami's face was on the grass.
Sami relaxed on the couch.
Sami needs more sleep.
Sami needs some sleep.
Sami left Layla on the couch to sleep.
Sami was looking everywhere for his children.
Sami really has to use the restroom.
Sami didn't know where the restroom was.
Sami was walking down a long hallway.
Sami peed in the restroom.
Sami peed in the kitchen.
Sami looked Layla in the face.
Sami had no clue who Layla was.
Sami caught Layla cheating on him with a teenager.
Sami and his friends are losers.
Sami peed in the hallway.
Sami peed in his office.
Sami cheated on Layla with a sixteen year old.
Sami is a pedophile.
Sami finished having sex with Layla.
Sami has been looking for Layla everywhere for the past ten minutes.
Sami knocked Layla's teeth out.
Sami didn't speak to that girl anymore.
Sami read Layla's messages.
Sami was cheating on Layla with a sixteen year old girl.
Sami and Layla are in shock.
Sami uploaded a video.
Mary is trying to discredit Tom.
Tom dreamt that Mary was trying to discredit him.
Tom can't believe that Mary is trying to discredit him.
Tom can't believe Mary is trying to discredit him.
Tom believes that Mary is trying to discredit him.
Tom didn't believe that Mary was trying to discredit him.
Tom believed that Mary was trying to discredit him.
I don't like hot coffee.
I don't like my coffee hot.
Tom doesn't like hot coffee.
Tom doesn't like his coffee hot.
Mary doesn't like hot coffee.
Mary doesn't like her coffee hot.
We aren't enemies.
Tom didn't have to wait long in the waiting room.
Tom isn't a very good person.
I'm going on vacation this summer.
I won't be going on vacation this summer.
I'll be going on vacation this summer.
How about we go there?
He believes something entirely new is needed.
He believes that something entirely new is needed.
The letter N marks the accusative in Esperanto.
The nineteenth most common letter in Esperanto is B.
The world record is held by an American.
An American holds the world record.
What's the phone number of the pizza place?
What's the phone number of the pizzeria?
What's the pizzeria's phone number?
What's the pizza place's phone number?
Should we add a little more salt?
Eternal questions are questions whose answers are sought eternally, and the search for them is much more important than the answers themselves.
The cows are eating grass in the meadow.
The crown prince startled and stared at the speaker.
I think you introduced him to me.
Here's a small gift for you.
Silvio Santos is a famous Brazilian TV host and entrepreneur.
Then the Lord said unto Moses, Now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh: for with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land.
I'll never mention my mate to them again.
History, Stephen said, is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake.
Mary's baby's gender has been determined.
And Moses was eighty years old, and Aaron eighty-three, when they spoke to Pharaoh.
Tomorrow there is more.
They never take me seriously.
It was difficult to study Croatian.
I'm reading what you wrote.
Do not fold or crumple this sheet.
It's that one over there!
The conversation today was about classes.
And the Lord said to Moses and Aaron: When Pharaoh shall say to you, Shew signs; thou shalt say to Aaron: Take thy rod, and cast it down before Pharaoh, and it shall be turned into a serpent.
So Moses and Aaron went in unto Pharaoh, and did as the Lord had commanded. And Aaron took the rod before Pharaoh and his servants, and it was turned into a serpent.
And Pharaoh called the wise men and the magicians; and they also by Egyptian enchantments and certain secrets, did in like manner. And they every one cast down their rods, and they were turned into serpents: but Aaron's rod devoured their rods.
I want to study maths.
I don't even know what Tom's surname is.
The sex of Mary's baby has become apparent.
Tom filled in the form.
And Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and he did not hearken to them, as the Lord had commanded.
Mohamed Morsi, the first democratically elected president of Egypt, died in court.
And the Lord said to Moses: Pharaoh's heart is hardened, he will not let the people go.
Go to him in the morning, behold he will go out to the waters: and thou shalt stand to meet him on the bank of the river: and thou shalt take in thy hand the rod that was turned into a serpent. And thou shalt say to him: The Lord God of the Hebrews sent me to thee, saying: Let my people go to sacrifice to me in the desert: and hitherto thou wouldst not hear.
Thus therefore saith the Lord: In this thou shalt know that I am the Lord: behold I will strike with the rod, that is in my hand, the water of the river, and it shall be turned into blood.
And the fishes that are in the river shall die, and the waters shall be corrupted, and the Egyptians shall be afflicted when they drink the water of the river.
The Lord also said to Moses: Say to Aaron, Take thy rod; and stretch forth thy hand upon the waters of Egypt, and upon their rivers, and streams and pools, and all the ponds of waters, that they may be turned into blood: and let blood be in all the land of Egypt, both in vessels of wood and of stone.
And Moses and Aaron did as the Lord had commanded: and lifting up the rod, he struck the water of the river before Pharaoh and his servants: and it was turned into blood.
Why did you pick that song to sing at Tom and Mary's wedding?
Why did Tom agree to do that if he knew that he couldn't?
Why does Tom want to stay in Australia for another year?
Why does Tom want to stay Boston for another week?
Why do you think Tom would do something like that?
Why didn't you tell me that Tom was working here?
Why didn't Tom want to go to Australia with Mary?
Why do you suspect that it was Tom who did that?
Why does Tom need to go to Australia next week?
Why doesn't Tom look at me the way he used to?
Why doesn't Tom ever do what I tell him to do?
Why does Tom keep asking me the same question?
Why are you dressed like it's the middle of the summer when it's this cold?
Why didn't Tom want to go to Boston with Mary?
If you'd told us earlier, we'd have been able to do something about it.
Why did you tell me that Tom had a girlfriend?
Why would I want to be friends with someone like that?
Why does Tom hang out with Mary all the time?
Why don't you give me a call next time you're in town?
Why does Tom need to go to Boston next week?
Why don't you come to my place for dinner tonight?
Why didn't you tell me Tom was working here?
Why don't we go to the beach and watch the sunset?
Why is there a picture of Tom on your desk?
Why do some people learn more quickly than others?
Why doesn't Tom make dinner for me anymore?
Why is it so hard to learn to a foreign language?
Why does Tom want to be alone all the time?
Why didn't you stay in Australia a little longer?
Why doesn't Tom eat lunch with me anymore?
Why would you say such horrible things about me?
Why does Tom want to go back to Australia?
Why is it OK for boys to do that, but not girls?
Why does Tom hate speaking French so much?
Why do you keep looking in your rearview mirror?
Why does Tom always ask so many questions?
Why don't you just tell me what the matter is?
Why did you quit studying French with Tom?
Why didn't you say anything about this sooner?
Why can't we go to school like everybody else?
Why didn't you tell me that you knew Tom?
Why didn't you tell me you knew Tom?
Why would someone call me this late at night?
Why did you tell me Tom had a girlfriend?
Why do you spend so much time playing games?
Why don't you share your candy with Tom?
Why do some people learn faster than others?
Why did you spend so much time in Australia?
Why doesn't Tom send me letters anymore?
Why am I always the one who has to do this?
Why does Tom have to go to the hospital?
Why don't you make yourselves comfortable?
Why does Tom blame me for what happened?
Why do you waste so much time watching TV?
Why did you tell Tom that Mary was ugly?
Why didn't you tell us about this earlier?
Why did you allow Tom to do this to you?
Why are they teaching this in this school?
Why did Tom tear the letter into pieces?
Why are Tom and Mary speaking in French?
Why should we spend time learning French?
Why has Tom been sitting there so long?
Why is fishing in this river not allowed?
Why does Tom want to live in Australia?
Why don't you try to get your money back?
Why does Tom want to go back to Boston?
Why does Tom not want to go back to Boston?
Why don't you finish what you've started?
Why didn't you finish what you started?
Why does Tom always speak French to me?
Why does everybody think that I'm stupid?
Why does everybody think I'm stupid?
Why do you spend so much time with Tom?
Why do spend so much time in the library?
Why Tom wants to go there is beyond me.
Why didn't you stay in Boston a little longer?
Why doesn't Tom tell us jokes anymore?
Why did you spend so much time in Boston?
Why do you spend so much time in Boston?
Why do you spend so much time in Australia?
Why doesn't Tom sit with Mary anymore?
Why did you get up so early this morning?
Why does Tom think that Mary did that?
Why did you decide to study in Australia?
Why does Tom need to be there at 2:30?
Why were you living in Boston last year?
Why didn't you listen to Tom's advice?
Why did Tom stay in Australia so long?
Why didn't you stay in Australia longer?
Why did Tom get kicked out of the bar?
Why has Tom been so withdrawn lately?
Why didn't your dog bark at the intruder?
Why doesn't Tom work with us anymore?
Why did you take money out of my wallet?
Why doesn't Tom watch movies anymore?
Why did you live in Australia last year?
Why are there so many people here today?
Why does Tom stay at home on Mondays?
Why don't you try this? It's delicious.
Why didn't you open the door for Tom?
Why do we celebrate people's birthdays?
Why wouldn't Tom want to go with us?
Why did you need to go there yesterday?
Why don't you buy something for Tom?
Why didn't you tell me that yesterday?
Why don't we ask Tom for his advice?
Why did you stay in Australia so long?
Why doesn't Tom write to me anymore?
Why were you so reluctant to do that?
Why doesn't Tom smile at me anymore?
Why do you think that this is happening?
Why doesn't Tom sit with me anymore?
Why didn't you tell us what you knew?
Why does Tom want to live in Boston?
Why didn't you stay in Boston longer?
Why does Tom have only one glove on?
Why did you recommend not doing this?
Why did you recommend doing this?
Why don't you try to get some sleep?
Why was Tom in Australia last year?
Why is Tom in Australia now?
Why doesn't Tom talk to me anymore?
Why do you want to become a doctor?
Why doesn't Tom have a car anymore?
Why did you take so long to respond?
Why does everyone like Tom so much?
Why does everybody like Tom so much?
Why are you here instead of at work?
Why are you here instead of in Boston?
Why are you here instead of with Tom?
Why does Tom want to join the navy?
Why weren't you in class yesterday?
Why weren't you in class this morning?
Why don't you get your car painted?
Why does Tom want to go home early?
Why did Tom want to go home early?
Why does this keep happening to me?
Why does Tom think that I'm stupid?
Why does Tom think I'm stupid?
Why do you want to become a lawyer?
Why does Tom think that I did that?
Why do you like doing this so much?
Why does Tom need such a big house?
Why do we need to be there at 2:30?
Why do so many people not like you?
Why did Tom stay in Boston so long?
Why did you stay in Boston so long?
Why did Tom come here this morning?
Why do you always get places late?
Why is Tom hiding under the table?
Why are we talking about Australia?
Why is Tom trying to impress Mary?
Why are you burning all this stuff?
Why did you paint the ceiling red?
Why does Tom treat Mary like that?
Why did you change your hairstyle?
Why are you wearing a red T-shirt?
Why does Tom have to go to Mary's?
Why are you burning those clothes?
Why does Tom have so many enemies?
Why won't anyone eat what I made?
Why does Tom always wear that hat?
Why don't you write it in French?
Why does Tom always do this to me?
Why do we have to learn all this?
Why didn't you stay in Australia?
Why did you talk to Tom like that?
Why didn't you do this yesterday?
Why did Tom leave in such a hurry?
Why did you want to learn French?
Why did Tom come to see you today?
Why did you want me to come here?
Why was Tom in Boston last month?
Why did you quit studying French?
Why won't anybody eat what I made?
Why didn't you want me to come here?
Why doesn't Tom kiss me anymore?
Why did you guys go to Australia?
Why did you go there by yourself?
Why did you become a policewoman?
Why does Tom treat Mary that way?
Why are those teenagers laughing?
Why are appearances so important?
Why does Tom look so tired today?
Why do you want to study French?
Why did you want to leave early?
Why did you buy this dictionary?
Why do you want to talk with Tom?
Why are you buying so much meat?
Why are we talking about Boston?
Why is Tom wearing a black suit?
Why are they speaking in French?
Why don't you tell Tom yourself?
Why is it important to do this?
Why doesn't Tom want to do this?
Why don't you eat meat anymore?
Why do you want to be a lawyer?
Why doesn't Tom help me anymore?
Why do you have to do this now?
Why do you guys want to go to Australia?
Why haven't you told me I'm beautiful?
Why is everybody freaking out?
Why did you switch the light off?
Why don't you just stay here and I'll leave?
Why is everybody staring at us?
Why should I give money to you?
Why doesn't anyone help me?
Why doesn't anyone help us?
I'm eating pears.
I will be sixteen years old next month.
He plays football.
He's playing football.
Why in the world are you doing that at this time of night?
Why do you keep saying things you know aren't true?
Why do we have to do this right now?
Why do you keep saying things that you know aren't true?
Why is it OK to wear earrings, but not nose rings?
No matter what, I will never give up conquering your heart.
Why is it OK for men to do that, but not women?
I just found out now.
Why didn't you just ask somebody for directions?
Why couldn't you just ask somebody for directions?
I never thought about studying Slovenian.
I really like my daughter-in-law.
My virtues are called kindness and leniency.
Why do you think that Tom didn't want to do that?
Why do you think Tom didn't want to do that?
Who will you meet at the mall?
I'll never talk to you about my aunts again.
I hated studying Slovenian.
She stays here with me.
Why do you always speak to me in French?
Why did you lend so much money to Tom?
Why did you lend Tom so much money?
Why do you want to know what we're thinking about?
Why are you so interested in history?
Why in the world would Tom do something like that?
Why didn't you do that yesterday like you said you would?
Who are you going to meet at the mall?
Who's going to the mall with you?
When was the last time you went to the mall?
Are there any good malls around here?
Why don't you just say that you don't want to do that?
Why didn't you just say that you didn't want to do that?
Why's everybody acting like this is such a big deal?
Why do I get the feeling that I'm not going to like this?
Why does everybody think I can do this but me?
Why does everyone think that I can do this but me?
Why does everybody think that I can do this but me?
Why don't you try talking to the police?
Why are you in such a hurry today?
Why is it that you can write French so well, but you can't speak it?
Why did you put so much pepper in the stew?
Why don't you come outside and play?
Why don't we eat out tonight?
Why don't you proofread your paper one more time?
Why aren't women allowed to do that?
Sami's first live performance was on June, 6.
Sami ruined Layla's party.
Sami ruined Layla's birthday party.
Let's stop arguing about this and get to what really matters.
Sami ruined Layla's first date after their breakup.
Sami wanted to ruin Layla's party.
Sami came to ruin Layla's party.
Sami tried to ruin Layla's party.
Sami took Layla to a tea parlor.
Sami never took Layla to the movies.
Sami never took Layla to a restaurant.
Sami took Layla to a sushi place.
Sami took Layla to a diner.
Sami took Layla to an amusement park.
Sami took Layla to the beach.
Sami took Layla to the zoo.
Sami took Layla to the mall.
Sami took Layla to a nightclub.
Sami took Layla to a club.
Sami never took Layla to a bar.
Sami took Layla to a pizzeria.
Sami took Layla to the swimming pool.
Sami took Layla to a fast-food restaurant.
Sami's hair is all black.
Sami wants do dye his hair.
Sami never bleached his hair.
Sami never dyed his hair.
Sami decided to dye his hair.
Sami decided to bleach his hair.
Sami has decided to bleach his hair.
Sami showed Layla how to dye her hair.
Sami asked Layla to help him dye his hair.
Sami doesn't want to die alone.
Sami doesn't want Layla to die.
Sami knows where to go.
Sami always pays in cash.
Sami is proud of his daughter.
Sami found shit in his room.
Sami found shit in his bedroom.
Sami found found feces all over his bathroom.
Sami found poop on the wall.
Sami shat on the walls.
Sami shat on the walls of Layla's toilet.
Sami found shit in his kitchen.
Sami found cat shit in his garage.
Sami found dog shit in his backyard.
Sami had a diaper on.
Sami and Layla met through a mutual friend.
Sami and Layla are no longer friends.
Sami and Layla started hanging out without their mutual friend.
Sami lived pretty far away from Cairo.
Sami didn't have much valuables in his room.
Sami slept in Layla's room.
Sami was thinking about the comfort of his friends.
Sami has been here for a long time.
Sami handed Layla a cup of tea.
Sami was a hitchhiker.
Sami's girlfriend was a hippy chick.
Sami would always bring his own food.
Sami and Layla have never had issues.
Sami had issues with Layla.
Sami came here every morning.
Sami threw up in the toilet.
Sami uses his own toilet.
Sami has his own toilet.
Sami sat on the toilet.
Sami checked the toilet seat.
Sami finished working on his project.
Sami took a glance at the toilet.
Sami found shit everywhere.
Sami found shit all over the toilet seat.
Sami took his shit everywhere.
Sami took a shit in Layla's toilet.
Sami found shit all over his the walls of his toilet.
Sami is a good Samaritan.
Sami cleaned his toilet up.
Sami cleaned all the shit up.
Sami found shit behind the toilet seat.
Sami is my roommate.
Sami has to clean the toilet up.
Sami shits on the walls.
Sami hasn't seen Layla for a few weeks.
Sami was working on a project.
Sami and Layla were working on different projects together.
Sami found shit in his car.
Sami found dog shit in the trunk of his car.
Sami's car smelt of shit.
Sami's dog eats shit.
Sami's dogs smell of shit.
Sami went to the bathroom after Layla.
Sami doesn't drink beer.
Sami was waiting in the bathroom.
Sami found piss everywhere.
Sami has a digestive issue.
Sami found piss in his bathroom.
Sami found piss in the bathtub.
Sami has never got a chance to be with that girl alone.
Sami always flushes the toilet.
Sami Instagamed Layla.
Sami is still receiving messages from Layla.
Sami was stalking that girl.
Sami was super popular on Facebook.
Sami had lots of followers on Facebook.
Sami accepted everyone who asked to be his friend on Facebook.
Sami doesn't know this girl at all.
Sami knows a girl named Layla.
Sami knows a guy named Farid.
Sami doesn't have any other pictures on Facebook.
Sami never changes his profile picture.
Sami never responded to Layla's messages.
Sami was chilling with his friends.
Sami got another message from Layla.
Sami received five or six different messages from Layla that day.
Sami blocked Layla on Twitter.
Sami received more messages from Layla.
Sami received a friend request from Layla on Facebook.
Sami added that profile on Facebook.
Sami's Facebook profile has a strange name.
Sami started messaging that girl.
Sami's profile seems fake.
Sami's Facebook profile seems fake.
Sami was so in love with that girl.
Sami wanted to marry that girl.
Sami was being catfished.
Sami listened to the conversation.
Sami doesn't have many friends.
Sami looks like a weirdo.
Sami looks like a nerd.
Sami is so in love with that girl.
Why should I go to Australia by myself?
Sami blocked Layla's profile on Facebook.
Sami found Layla again on Facebook.
Sami had a strange profile picture on Facebook.
Sami's messages started to get sexual.
Sami started sending threatening messages to Layla.
Sami's Facebook profile didn't have any picture.
Sami has many followers on Facebook.
Sami blocked that Facebook profile.
Sami didn't like dogs.
Sami's father didn't like dogs.
Sami was graduating middle school.
Sami met Layla on Facebook.
The aubergine is bitter.
Sami received a friend request from Layla.
Sami cut Layla off on Facebook.
Sami's girlfriend is really insane.
Sami's ex is really insane.
Sami would never reply to Layla's messages.
Sami never blocked Layla on Facebook.
Sami got a friend request from Layla again.
Sami has been continuously stalking that girl.
Sami blocked Layla's profile again.
Sami set his Facebook profile to private.
Sami should be careful on who he adds on Facebook.
Sami is doing what he should have done a long time ago.
I like courgettes.
Sami's videos are my favorite to watch.
Sami does hard drugs.
Sami was doing drugs with Layla.
Sami really thought Layla was a hipster.
Sami didn't want to be friends with Layla.
Sami has already heard about that girl.
Sami was a heavy partier.
Sami and Layla had the same birthday.
Sami and Layla were both the same age.
Sami found out that that was a lie.
Sami was into a lot of heavy drugs.
Sami snorted coke.
Sami was a really bad driver.
Sami is not a good driver.
Sami is an awful driver.
Sami isn't a good driver.
Sami didn't care about anybody else's life.
Sami's girlfriend is underage.
Sami had a get-together at his house.
Sami's father was so understanding.
Sami's teacher was so understanding.
Sami went to the party from Layla's house.
Sami needed to see one of his friends.
Sami's girlfriend was one of my close friends.
Sami's friend lived in an area that I didn't know how to get to.
Sami had a crush on his teacher.
Sami called Layla up to tell her that he was going to be on his way.
Sami brought his friend over.
Sami got on the phone with Layla.
Sami paused the video for a few seconds.
Sami has never seen coke in his entire life.
Sami has friends who smoke weed.
Sami told Layla his friend's name.
Sami didn't have a single clue.
Sami's friend is so cool.
Sami uses a slang word for cocaine.
Sami used a slang word for cocaine.
Sami uses a lot of slang words.
Sami knows this neighborhood.
Sami's house looks completely abandoned.
Sami lives in an abandoned-looking house.
Sami stopped his car.
Sami is afraid of cops.
Sami looks like a drug dealer.
Why do you only watch horror movies?
Why would anyone want to live here?
Why would anybody want to live here?
Sami got some money for drugs.
Sami's apartment was so rundown.
Sami has a mom.
Sami found roaches everywhere.
Sami lives in an abandoned house.
Sami is a really bad person.
Sami should pay attention to his surroundings.
Sami was stranded in that house.
Sami wanted free drugs.
Mennad has a TV set from the 1990's.
Sami's bag was on the table.
Sami was talking about some sort of a healing crystal.
Sami and Layla did meth.
Sami never puts his drugs in a clear bag.
Sami doesn't want to do meth.
Sami got Layla to do meth.
Sami has meth in his house.
Sami gave Layla some meth.
Sami was selling meth.
Sami is doing meth.
Sami has never smoked weed.
Sami knew exactly what meth was.
Sami didn't want to do drugs.
Sami was snorting a lot of coke.
Sami doesn't even know what meth is.
Sami sat in the passenger sit of his car.
Sami rubbed the leaf on his gums.
Sami rubbed the leaf on his lips.
Sami started twitching and moving in the back seat of the car.
Sami needed to park his car.
Sami didn't want to live that lifestyle.
Sami has turned his life around.
Sami is a real psychopath.
Sami got some weed.
Sami got some meth.
Sami got some coke.
Sami got some crack.
Sami went to a whore house.
Sami got a sexually transmitted disease.
Sami filmed this video outside.
Sami regularly visits this whore house.
Sami stayed the night at a whore house.
Sami stayed the night at a brothel.
Sami had chlamydia.
Sami was at a birthday party.
Sami was going to that birthday party.
Sami was at his girlfriend's birthday party.
Sami saw the house from the highway.
Sami was friends with a guy who lived there.
Sami was having sex with underage girls.
Sami saw glory holes everywhere in that whore house.
Sami lived in an unfinished basement.
Sami helped Layla pay for rent.
Sami went to school with some of those people.
Sami was chilling with a couple of his friends.
Sami and Layla were having sex in the next room.
Sami and Layla took part in an orgy.
Sami and Layla were having sex in one of the bedrooms.
Sami got so drunk that he passed out in the bathroom.
Sami never remembered what happened in that party.
Sami and Layla went to another party.
Sami drove to another party.
Sami's party was fifteen minutes down the road.
Sami was partying with a bunch of people.
Sami got in the car with that girl.
Sami was driving a huge minivan.
Sami has a minivan.
Sami has drugs on him.
Sami didn't know how to drive at the time.
Sami and his friends almost died.
Sami went to another party.
Sami is ready to go to the party.
Sami has a strict family.
Sami's brother is almost like his dad.
Sami needs to be paying bills.
Sami is snorting coke.
Sami and Layla are having sex in another bedroom.
Sami should have called his family.
Sami ended up staying in that house for six hours.
Sami and Layla went back to the party house.
Sami is a disgusting guy.
Sami had herpes.
Sami never used protection on women.
Sami had sex with everybody.
Sami ended up that night having sex with six different girls.
Sami was sleeping in Layla's room.
Sami is still in Layla's house.
Sami was in Layla's house.
Sami has sex with everybody.
Sami has sex with everybody, including underage girls.
Sami has personally seen Layla do hard drugs.
Sami is a drug addict and he's capable of anything.
Sami is a drung addict and he is capable of anything.
Sami dated Layla and she gave him chlamydia.
Sami doesn't know what chlamydia is.
Sami can't get rid of his chlamydia because he isn't working.
Sami is in so much pain.
Sami gave chlamydia to his girlfriend.
Mennad slept with five or six of his female friends.
Sami has chlamydia now.
Sami didn't know that chlamydia was a sexually transmitted disease.
Sami got chalmydia.
Sami never went back inside that house.
Sami was flirting back with that girl.
Sami was hitting on Layla's friend.
Sami had sex with girls that had chlamydia.
Sami was texting his brother.
Sami came to get his girlfriend.
Sami smelt like sweat.
Sami did learn his lesson.
Sami was at a whore house.
Sami often goes to whore houses.
Sami often visits whore houses.
Why are women like that?
Why doesn't Tom call me anymore?
Why do you guys love Australia?
Why didn't you try to run away?
Why does Tom want me to do this?
Why did you lie about your age?
Why does Tom think Mary is here?
Why did you cut down that tree?
Why can't I come to your party?
And the fishes that were in the river died; and the river corrupted, and the Egyptians could not drink the water of the river, and there was blood in all the land of Egypt.
We're doing this for Tom.
These are our wedding pictures.
Tom became very defensive.
We haven't been introduced yet.
Tom gave Mary some advice.
We hold our meetings in French.
Tom has a very good voice.
We've been having a lot of fun.
Tom is a Canadian like me.
How long do you have to do that?
Why doesn't Tom hug me anymore?
Why don't you kiss me anymore?
Why is Tom living in Australia?
Why don't you try on this hat?
Why is Tom washing his dog now?
Why don't you try this hat on?
Why did you tell Tom I had left?
Why not try to get some sleep?
Why didn't you tell Tom earlier?
Why would anybody not like me?
Housing is a big concern.
And the magicians of the Egyptians with their enchantments did in like manner; and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hear them, as the Lord had commanded.
Tom is more Catholic than the Pope.
And he turned himself away, and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to it this time also.
And all the Egyptians dug round about the river for water to drink; for they could not drink of the water of the river.
And seven days were fully ended, after that the Lord struck the river. And the Lord said to Moses: Go in to Pharaoh, and thou shalt say to him: Thus saith the Lord: Let my people go to sacrifice to me. But if thou wilt not let them go, behold I will strike all thy coasts with frogs.
Four plus four equals eight.
Her eyes are smiling.
I want to study mathematics.
And the river shall bring forth an abundance of frogs; which shall come up and enter into thy house, and thy bedchamber, and upon thy bed, and into the houses of thy servants, and to thy people, and into thy ovens, and into the remains of thy meats. And the frogs shall come in to thee, and to thy people, and to all thy servants.
I'm sick and tired of eating courgettes every day.
It's half two.
It's half two now.
It's half past two now.
I'm reading your books.
Get the pitchforks.
Let's sign the paper.
Don't look at the eclipse next time.
A funeral prayer in absentia was held for Sami.
The socks and trainers are new.
And the Lord said to Moses: Say to Aaron: Stretch forth thy hand upon the streams, and upon the rivers and the pools, and bring forth frogs upon the land of Egypt. .
And Aaron stretched forth his hand upon the waters of Egypt, and the frogs came up, and covered the land of Egypt.
And the magicians also, by their enchantments, did in like manner, and they brought forth frogs upon the land of Egypt.
But Pharaoh called Moses and Aaron, and said to them: Pray ye to the Lord to take away the frogs from me and from my people; and I will let the people go to sacrifice to the Lord.
You don't need a boyfriend.
Enter the room, find the letter, and come back out.
I will get revenge from you my enemy.
What is the solution for Europe?
I arrive in Mexico the first weekend of March.
I hated studying Ukrainian.
If I propose, you will propose as well.
The student exhibits brilliant qualities for his age, so he was transferred to secondary school.
And Moses said to Pharaoh: Set me a time when I shall pray for thee, and for thy servants, and for thy people, that the frogs may be driven away from thee and from thy house, and from thy servants, and from thy people; and may remain only in the river.
Why does Tom hate dogs so much?
Why don't you clean your room?
Why does Tom need one of those?
Why don't you get rid of this?
Why does Tom want one of those?
Why don't you give that to me?
I prefer speaking in French.
And he answered: To morrow. But he said: I will do according to thy word; that thou mayest know that there is none like to the Lord our God.
If you'd told us earlier, we'd've been able to do something about it.
Why did I fall in love with a woman like you?
Why did I have to fall in love with a woman like you?
Why would they choose me?
Why do you have to complain all the time?
Why did you say what you said about Tom?
Why can't ostriches fly?
Why don't you drop by sometime?
Why do we have to do that today?
Why do we have to do that with Tom?
Why do you have to do that by yourself?
Why do you think that I didn't tell you?
Why do you think that Tom didn't do that?
Why do you think Tom isn't here today?
Why do you think that Tom isn't here today?
Why do we need to do this today?
Why didn't you tell us that there was a witness?
Why won't anyone talk about this?
Why do men get all the good jobs?
Tom likes to complain in order to appease his envious neighbors.
Why haven't you eaten the food that I cooked?
It was all dark within.
Age-related macular degeneration can cause blindness.
Why can't we do that today?
Why didn't you eat your sandwich?
Why would anyone want to learn French?
Why would anybody want to learn French?
Do you ever speak French with your parents?
Does your French teacher ever use English in the classroom?
Why don't you do your homework?
Why do you like basketball so much?
Why do you come here so often?
Why did you decide to learn how to play the English horn?
Why did you decide to learn to play the English horn?
Why would anyone think that that was a good idea?
Why are you so nice to everybody?
Why were you being so rude?
Why are you wearing my shoes?
We often eat lunch at that small restaurant around the corner.
Why did you eat so much?
Why don't you buy both of them?
Why are you walking like that?
Why don't you paint your bicycle blue?
Why is everybody looking at us?
Why is everybody looking at me?
Why were so many people here yesterday?
Why don't you trim your mustache?
Tom would look better if he trimmed his beard.
Why didn't you ask Tom to help?
Why didn't you ask Tom to help you?
Why don't you do that somewhere else?
Why are you walking so fast?
Why don't you just quit doing that?
Why did you join the army?
Why aren't you still living in Boston?
Why didn't you just tell Tom what you wanted him to do?
Why do you need to borrow my car?
Why do you need me here tomorrow?
Why am I studying French?
Why didn't you tell me what you wanted?
Why didn't you tell me that you weren't going to be there yesterday?
Why didn't you tell me you weren't going to be there yesterday?
Why do you hang out with guys like Tom?
Why don't you ask Tom to introduce you to Mary?
Why are you doing that here?
Why did you learn French?
Why did you put that there?
Why do you wear so much makeup?
Why don't we go camping together?
Why don't we go to the beach together?
Why don't we go out drinking tonight?
Why do bears hibernate?
Go fly a kite.
Why do you have three cars?
Why don't you come back to Boston with us?
Why don't you come to the beach with us?
Why don't we go and see if Tom is at home?
Why did you paint your house green?
Why are you always so mean?
Why are those people running?
Why have you been so busy lately?
Why don't you give me a couple of hints?
Why does Tom always wear sunglasses?
Sami is being sexually harassed.
Sami told Layla he was being sexually harassed.
Sami isn't lying.
Sami doesn't do that anymore.
Sami can believe what he wants.
Sami loves and cares about Layla.
Sami is a fuckhole.
Sami's best friend is a fuckhole.
Sami is a butthole.
Sami tells us funny stories.
Sami went to Layla's house all the time.
Sami and Layla went to school together.
Sami and Layla were friends for ever.
Sami was at school.
Sami's girlfriend is down-to-earth.
Sami introduced Layla to his friend Farid.
Sami introduced Layla to his best friend Farid.
Sami started to spend the night at Layla's house in the summer every day.
Sami spent the rest of the week at Layla's house.
Sami doesn't have cigarettes on him.
Sami doesn't have money for cigarettes.
Sami bought cigarettes.
Sami found cigarettes in the drawer.
Sami found cigarettes in his room.
Sami found cigarettes on his desk.
Sami is our neighbor.
Sami looks like Jesus Christ.
Sami's girlfriend was so naive.
Sami's girlfriend would never cheat on him.
Sami knew the whole time that Layla was a cheater.
Sami was out of money.
Sami's mom was in the living room.
Sami left the house at six.
Sami lives in the woods.
Sami found some money on the couch.
Sami gave Layla money to buy cigarettes.
Sami jump out of his bedroom window.
Sami left at 6:am.
Sami asked Layla where his money was.
Sami lived in the middle of the woods.
Sami got Layla's text message.
Sami's shower is still running.
Sami and Layla were on the balcony.
Sami is still on the balcony.
Sami should make up a better excuse.
Sami is in his backyard.
Sami's backyard takes you to the forest.
Sami doesn't like darkness.
Sami doesn't like snakes.
Sami is afraid of bears.
Sami is afraid of snakes.
Sami doesn't like raccoons.
Sami saw Layla on his knees.
Sami was dusting off his knees.
Sami got off his knees.
Sami wiped his knees off.
Sami needed a cigarette.
Sami gave Layla a cigarette.
Sami asked Layla to give him a sucky suck.
Sami did that for a pack of cigarette.
Sami isn't a smoker.
Sami asked Layla to give him a blow job in exchange of a pack of cigarettes.
Sami wrote an article about piercings.
Sami used to be a piercer.
Sami had that piercing for almost six years.
Sami could hear a lot of background noise.
Sami has made a new video.
Sami made a response video to a racist video that Layla had made.
Sami is about sixteen years old.
Sami is on tour.
Sami is a really famous YouTuber.
Sami used the N-word.
Sami cursed out Layla's friends.
Sami used the N-word in his video.
Sami gave his opinion.
Sami gave his opinion about how he felt about that.
Sami doesn't want to make a video.
Sami put his video online.
Sami already knows about the video.
Sami made a video about Layla.
Sami needs answers.
Sami wants the truth.
Sami can watch the video for himself.
Sami isn't losing his mind.
Sami never uses the N-word.
Sami and Layla are black.
Sami and Layla were black.
Sami was using the N-word.
Sami would never use the N-word.
Sami is talking about racism.
Sami owned up to his mistakes.
Sami sent Layla a long letter.
Sami ate Layla's body.
Sami read the story out loud.
Sami is a really smart person.
Sami typed the first sentence of Layla's article and found it online.
Sami sent Layla two versions of the story.
Sami blamed Layla and made her the cause of the issue.
Sami blamed Layla and made her the cause of the problem.
Sami has video evidence.
Aart is known for his racist tweets.
Sami is my homie.
Sami saw himself in the video.
Sami knows the meaning of that word.
Sami knows this is a derogatory term.
Sami is openly racist.
Sami said the N-word.
Sami called Layla the N-word.
Sami was using the N-word in a derogatory sense.
Sami is the victim.
Sami was found naked in a bathtub with two girls.
Sami does amazing things.
Sami believes in equality.
Sami uses the N-word.
Sami bashed Layla for using the N-word.
Sami never owned up to his mistakes.
Sami was making a lot of noise.
Sami used the N-word in a derogatory manner.
Sami is a fucking racist.
Sami no longer believes Layla's fabricated stories.
Sami needs to face the consequences.
Sami made a reference to that.
Sami was seen walking naked in his backyard.
Sami re-filmed the video.
Sami met an African American woman.
Sami met a beautiful African American woman.
Sami married a beautiful African American woman.
Sami is African American himself.
Sami is a mean person.
Sami is a problem.
Sami and Layla were heard using the N-word.
Sami used the N-word in public.
Sami's story seems like complete bullshit to me.
Sami's story seems like complete BS to me.
Sami doesn't believe anybody should say the N-word.
Sami never uses offensive words.
Sami needs to stop using that word.
Sami held hatred in his heart.
Sami respects Layla's opinion.
Sami changed his views.
Sami needs to come to his senses.
Sami and Layla are racist.
Sami has his own opinion.
Sami lost many subscribers on YouTube.
Sami doesn't want to be part of our family anymore.
Sami and Layla are close enough to share this type of secret.
Sami has trust issues.
Why haven't you asked me for help?
Sami knows that he can't trust that girl.
Sami was watching child pornography.
Sami was watching porn anime.
Sami said he was molested by a family member.
Sami is with his family.
Sami has to stay alert all the time.
Sami doesn't think this is a joke.
Sami pulled Layla's hair.
Sami bites his nails.
Sami has finished high school.
Sami watches my YouTube videos.
Sami had a passion for music his entire life.
Sami still has that guitar.
Sami still has a guitar.
Sami will be on that show.
Sami lives in the Bible Belt.
Sami had six piercings on his face.
Sami knew there was no way he could live his life in Egypt.
Sami took a bus to Cairo.
Sami stayed with his family.
Sami and Layla stayed with their aunt.
Sami is Layla's mother's brother.
Sami is technically Layla's uncle.
Sami left his clothes in the living room.
Sami's kids were sleeping in one room.
Sami slept in his own room.
Sami slept in the living room.
Sami is going back to Egypt.
Sami has a brother.
Sami's aunt has a stepbrother.
Sami is a derelict.
Sami shot a woman in her face.
Sami let Farid speak to his daughter.
Sami is my aunt's son.
Sami and Layla weren't blood-related.
Sami stayed with Layla's aunt.
Sami's audition date is on June, 6.
Sami called Layla after his audition.
Sami wasn't a dangerous person.
Sami was family.
Sami is obviously going to spend the night.
Sami and Layla slept on the floor.
Sami and Layla slept on the couch.
Sami's kids are under six.
Sami's kids are under six years old.
Sami slept in his socks.
Sami is a very heavy sleeper.
Sami had a deep sleep.
Sami and Layla were sleeping.
Sami left in the middle of the day.
Sami and Layla wanted to keep in contact.
Sami felt something touch his foot.
Sami ignored that feeling.
Sami will be here all day.
Sami has been staying over for a week.
Sami is a child molester.
Sami slept on the floor again.
Sami was texting his friends.
Sami found a phone behind the couch.
Sami dropped his phone behind the couch.
Sami moved his foot to the side.
Sami doesn't have a cat.
Sami and Layla don't have a dog.
Sami and Layla were both sleeping on the couch.
Sami felt someone touching his foot.
Sami was rubbing Layla's feet.
Sami slept for a couple hours.
Sami was touching on Layla in her sleep.
Sami was in the bathroom, showering.
Sami was in a deep sleep.
Sami kissed on Layla's neck.
Sami was breathing on Layla.
Sami was texting one of his friends.
Sami didn't give Layla his address.
Sami didn't mean any harm.
Sami was holding Layla's hand.
Sami stayed in the staircase of that building.
Sami stayed in the hallway.
Sami stayed in the staircase all the night.
Sami has been touching on Layla in her sleep.
Sami needed to stay about two more days.
Sami was the only one home.
Sami and Layla were the only one's home.
Sami came home before Layla.
Sami unbuttoned his pants.
Sami was touching on himself while he was talking to Layla.
Sami's sister is really protective of him.
Sami touched Layla in her private areas.
Sami has been in jail for over six years.
Sami hasn't seen a woman in over six years.
Sami got the cops involved.
Sami stayed with another aunt.
Sami eventually came back to Egypt.
Sami missed his family and wanted to come home.
Sami missed his family and wanted to go home.
Sami has had a really rough upbringing.
Sami needs to put himself in Layla's shoes.
Sami is Layla's attacker.
Sami was seeking help.
Sami has issues with his girlfriend.
Sami needs to get this off his mind.
Sami was publicly humiliated on TV.
Sami knew nothing about that show.
Sami was born and raised in that town.
Sami was born and raised in Cairo.
Sami lives in a pretty popular area of Cairo.
Sami met a lot of actresses and actors.
Sami was an outcast.
Sami's parents absolutely hated Layla.
Sami needs to use the bathroom.
Sami and I are still in high school.
Sami lives in a small village.
Sami lives downtown.
Sami and I live downtown.
Sami's parents hate Layla.
Sami and Layla are from Cairo and know what I'm talking about.
Sami and Layla are from Cairo and know what I am talking about.
Sami wants to be on TV.
Sami will be on TV tonight.
Mennad was on TV last night.
Sami and Layla were on TV last night.
Sami doesn't understand Layla and Salima's girl code.
Sami doesn't understand his daughters' girl code.
Sami and Layla were having a normal conversation.
Sami doesn't even get attention from women.
Sami gave Layla the dumbest reply.
Sami seduces women.
Sami is good at seducing women.
Sami was publicly humiliated on the show.
Sami is dating a cute sixteen year old girl.
Sami walked out of the train station.
Sami started walking out of the train station.
Sami was uncomfortable with the way Layla was staring at him.
Sami just killed all of his kids.
Sami was staring at Layla's butt.
Sami caught Layla staring at his crotch.
Sami caught Layla staring at his sausage.
Sami will be releasing a new music video on YouTube.
Sami's friends are awesome.
Sami will explain the rules.
If anyone is going to die in vain, it should be my father because he is old.
How much for a kilo of tangerines?
The most used means of transportation in Brazil is the bus.
They were careful crossing the courtyard.
Settle down for a moment! You are fighting all the time!
Yesterday I met with Tom there at the market.
I would rather talk about pleasant things.
We have a lot of moorhens in our pond.
I forgot to tell you about my granddaughter.
Each one got his fair share.
The tendency to express dissatisfaction seems to be a cultural phenomenon.
I never mentioned my in-laws to them again.
Tom can't tell a coot from a moorhen.
Sami didn't speak any Arabic at all.
Sami and Layla got to know each other even though there was a language barrier.
Sami was on a group tour.
Sami is a reputable guide.
Sami needs to record another video.
Sami's truck got stuck in the sand.
Sami's truck got stuck.
Sami showed Layla his gun.
Sami left at the end of the second day.
And Moses and Aaron went forth from Pharaoh: and Moses cried to the Lord for the promise, which he had made to Pharaoh concerning the frogs.
Tom was wearing trainers.
Sami lives in a culturally-rich country.
Sami has probably never heard of this country.
And the Lord did according to the word of Moses: and the frogs died out of the houses, and out of the villages, and out of the fields. And they gathered them together into immense heaps, and the land was corrupted.
Sami lives in a small house on a dirt road.
Sami was driving a motorcycle.
Sami drove to the Egyptian border.
Sami got to the Egyptian border.
Mennad wasn't a journalist.
Sami crossed the border.
Sami is not Egyptian.
Sami shouldn't cross the border.
Sami and Layla aren't Egyptian.
Sami spent six days in a forest region.
Sami was able to cross the Egyptian border.
Sami wanted to see the western part of Egypt.
Sami lived in a small village in Egypt.
Sami speaks the language.
Sami goes to Egypt every year.
Sami went to Egypt in 2006.
Sami fell in love with a small village in Egypt.
Sami stayed in Egypt for six weeks.
Sami owned a cafe in Egypt.
They climbed to the next floor.
Sami likes this type of food.
Sami and his friends loved to help one another.
I saw Tom and Mary playing dominoes.
Sami cooked every single meal.
Sami bought a gas stove.
Sami bought a new stove.
Sami really wanted to learn Arabic.
Sami was talking to a friend of his.
Sami called me his dad.
Sami paid for Layla's education.
Sami's kids weren't in preschool yet.
Sami sent his daughter to school.
Sami gives Layla love and support.
You're a happy man, Tom.
Sami worked on that farm.
Sami played with the babies.
Sami and Layla enjoyed each other's company.
Were you speaking about your hobbies?
Sami went to the waterfall.
Sami reminds me of his father.
Sami's outfit reminds me of the summertime.
Sami and Layla went to the farm together.
Sami fed Layla all of her meals.
Sami's children are now my brothers and sisters.
It's more difficult than I thought.
Sami and Layla ate dinner together.
Sami and Layla go to the mosque together.
Sami and Layla went to Egypt together.
Sami was going through a tough time.
Sami is my absolute true friend.
Sami and Layla spent twenty-four hours together.
Sami realized how much his friends cared for him.
Sami ate a lot of rice.
Sami's farm is mostly rice.
Sami eats rice.
Sami wants to eat rice.
Sami's food is so fresh.
Sami has an organic farm.
In Russian, Rita is the short form of the name Margarita.
Sami cooks with so much love and care.
Sami is a really special person.
He doesn't need money.
Sami was born when Egypt got its independence.
Sami and Layla speak different languages.
Sami and Layla showed support for one another.
I have a place by the window, don't I?
Sami converted to Islam in Egypt.
Sami will do a video about his conversion to Islam.
Don't you know where he lives?
Sami is the leader of the village.
Sami lives in a Muslim village.
I drank all the milk.
I'm fifty years old.
Sami became Muslim in Egypt.
Sami prays in a mosque.
Sami walked into the mosque.
Sami was the only person in the mosque.
Sami was praying in the mosque.
Sami and Layla said their prayer together.
He arrived ten minutes earlier.
Sami married a beautiful Muslim woman from Egypt.
Sami cooked the rice.
Sami cooked some rice.
Sami returned to the village.
Sami loves to pray with his friends.
Sami said his shahada in Egypt.
Sami and Layla pray together every night.
And Pharaoh seeing that rest was given, hardened his own heart, and did not hear them, as the Lord had commanded.
Sami is the imam.
Sami's conversion to Islam was a life-changing thing.
Sami was just a normal tourist.
Sami wanted to go on a safari.
Sami caught some amazing fish.
Sami recommended Layla going to Egypt.
Sami and Layla can speak Arabic.
Sami doesn't talk about money.
Sami hates talking about money.
Sami started to make a lot of assumptions about Layla.
Sami started to make a lot of judgments about Layla.
Sami asked Layla a thousand times a day about that.
Sami had a lot of false assumptions about Layla.
Sami went with his father to Egypt and Syria.
Sami didn't win the lottery.
Sami sold his company for a million dollars.
Sami isn't a spy.
Sami is not a spy.
Sami gave Layla tips on how to travel cheaply.
Sami has no idea how much a trip to Egypt costs.
Sami has been countless times to Egypt.
Sami worked for an international companies.
Sami's mother was cooking for us.
Sami has lived in Egypt since 2016.
Sami lives in a completely different country.
Sami is a strategy advisor.
Sami's company was paying for the trip.
Sami isn't ignorant to this fact.
Sami is white.
Sami is a white man.
Sami can't tell Layla how to get money.
Sami can't tell Layla how to make money.
Sami is traveling in Egypt.
Sami needs to be more conscious of his spending.
Sami was at a resort.
Sami was eating fancy food every single day.
Sami is staying with a friend.
Sami is in an entirely different country.
Sami was able to travel to Egypt.
The portions are ginormous.
And the Lord said to Moses: Say to Aaron: Stretch forth thy rod, and strike the dust of the earth; and may there be sciniphs in all the land of Egypt.
And they did so. And Aaron stretched forth his hand, holding the rod; and he struck the dust of the earth, and there came sciniphs on men and on beasts: all the dust of the earth was turned into sciniphs through all the land of Egypt.
Tom flashed a white-power sign.
And the magicians with their enchantments practised in like manner, to bring forth sciniphs, and they could not: and there were sciniphs as well on men as on beasts.
Why don't you buy a motorcycle?
Why do you treat Tom like that?
Why do people hurt each other?
Why do people like Tom so much?
Why didn't you try to do that?
Why did Tom refuse to help you?
Why did Tom do that to himself?
Why did you make that mistake?
Why would I want to give this to Tom?
Why did you disobey my orders?
Why would Tom want to hurt me?
Why did you change your plans?
Why are you holding Tom's hand?
Why are you still angry at me?
Why does Tom want me to leave?
Why are you reading this book?
Why are we talking about this?
Why is that dog following me?
Why does Tom have Mary's keys?
Why don't you hug me anymore?
Why does Tom do that that way?
Why don't we do what's right?
Why do you treat Tom that way?
And the magicians said to Pharaoh: This is the finger of God. And Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and he hearkened not unto them, as the Lord had commanded.
Why do you think that I should be the one to do that?
Why do you think I should be the one to do that?
Why doesn't Tom play basketball anymore?
Why doesn't Tom drive anymore?
Who'll you meet at the mall?
Why do let Tom do that to you?
Why do you like that so much?
Why do all the guys like Mary?
Why didn't you try to escape?
Why do all the girls like Tom?
Why didn't you shut the door?
Why do all the boys like Mary?
Why didn't you show it to me?
Why did you postpone doing that?
Why isn't there any food in the refrigerator?
Why isn't there any food in the fridge?
Why's there no food in the refrigerator?
Why's there no food in the fridge?
Why can't you just do what I tell you to do?
How did you break your arm?
How did you sprain your ankle?
Why do you like playing basketball?
Why is the garage locked?
How did this window get broken?
Why didn't your wash your hands?
Why weren't you here the other day?
The Lord also said to Moses: Arise early, and stand before Pharaoh; for he will go forth to the waters: and thou shalt say to him: Thus saith the Lord: Let my people go to sacrifice to me.
Why don't you go instead of me?
Why did you buy such an expensive car?
Instead of asking Tom to do it, why don't you just do it yourself?
Rather than ask Tom to do it, why don't you just do it yourself?
Why don't we leave early today?
But if thou wilt not let them go, behold I will send in upon thee, and upon thy servants, and upon thy houses, all kind of flies: and the houses of the Egyptians shall be filled with flies of divers kinds, and the whole land wherein they shall be.
Why don't we eat out at a restaurant for a change?
Why did you call me so late?
Why did you sell your house?
Why have we let air pollution get so bad?
Why do you come here every day?
Why didn't you show it to Tom?
Why did you want to buy that?
Why did you give money to Tom?
Why did you park so far away?
Why did you only fry one egg?
Why did Tom come home so late?
Why did you go into the cave?
Why did Tom ask Mary to leave?
Why are you wearing that hat?
Why did you fry only one egg?
Why is Tom here and not Mary?
Why don't you buy a new car?
Why don't we give Tom a call?
Why don't you buy a bicycle?
Why does Tom want to kill us?
Why do we need to do this?
Why do you want us to do that?
Why does Tom want my old car?
Why do you want us to leave?
Why do you give money to Tom?
Why do people eat junk food?
Why did Tom go into the cave?
Why didn't you open the box?
Why did Tom go back upstairs?
Why didn't you try a bit harder?
Why do you give Tom money?
Why did Tom agree to do that?
You need to replace the fuse?
Why couldn't Tom go with you?
Why were you there so long?
Why are we talking about Tom?
Why should we learn French?
Why wouldn't Tom want to go?
Why don't you stay with us?
Why is Tom wearing a jacket?
Why don't we go to the zoo?
Why is Tom living in Boston?
Why do you like doing this?
Why did Tom buy another car?
Why didn't you take a taxi?
Why won't they release Tom?
Why didn't I listen to you?
Why is Tom waiting outside?
Why do you walk to school?
Why does Tom not like Mary?
Why do you like this song?
Why did you show it to Tom?
Why did you open this box?
Why did Tom go to the bank?
Why were you on the roof?
Why did you show Tom that?
Why did you show that to Tom?
And I will make the land of Goshen wonderful in that day, so that flies shall not be there: and thou shalt know that I am the Lord in the midst of the earth. And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall this sign be.
Why was Tom so mean to us?
Why didn't you invite us?
Why is Tom wearing a suit?
Why are you dissatisfied?
Why is Tom scared of Mary?
Why are you a vegetarian?
Why is Tom in the kitchen?
Why is the bus stopping?
The highest German income tax bracket begins at a relatively low income.
Why is Tom always so mean?
Why don't you calm down?
Why do you speak French?
Why can't you speak French?
Why did you name your son Tom?
Why do you learn French?
Why is Tom so nice to me?
Why couldn't we do that?
Why is Tom lying to Mary?
Why are we in Australia?
Why don't we go meet Tom?
Why I can't do that now?
Why don't we go get Tom?
Why did you write that?
Why did Tom go upstairs?
Why did Tom do all this?
Why should I buy this?
Why isn't Tom dancing?
Why do you shop here?
Why is Tom so violent?
Why do you like that?
Why hasn't Tom called?
Why are we in Boston?
Why does Tom gamble?
Why learn French?
Why is Tom so shy?
Why did you honk at me?
Why don't we draw lots?
Let's draw lots.
Why were you driving Tom's car?
Why is it taking so long?
Why are you so moody today?
Why do dogs chase cats?
Why don't you read the manual?
Why don't you read the owner's manual?
Why don't you read the instructions?
Have you read the rules?
Why do you think Tom resigned?
Why do you think that Tom resigned?
Why do you suppose Tom resigned?
Why do you suppose that Tom resigned?
Why do you suppose Tom did that?
Why do you suppose that Tom did that?
Why were you out so late last night?
Why did Tom faint?
Why don't you come along with us?
Why don't we have dinner together?
Why were you so rude to Tom?
Why don't you come over for lunch?
Why don't we go skating today?
Why don't you hang up your jacket?
Why don't you hang up your clothes?
When was the last time you went windsurfing?
Why did you choose to live in Boston?
Why did you turn down such a good job offer?
Why don't we stop somewhere along the way and have lunch?
Why don't you drop over this evening?
Why don't you go and get some sleep?
Why wasn't I told about that?
Why wasn't I told about the meeting?
Why wasn't I told about the accident?
Why wasn't I told about what Tom did?
Why did you turn down Tom's invitation?
Why don't we go to see a basketball game?
Why don't we take a walk in the woods?
Why don't you bring Tom along?
Why didn't you call and let me know that you were going to be late?
Why didn't you call and let me know you were going to be late?
Why didn't you tell me about what you did?
Why are you wearing only one glove?
Why did you spend so much money?
Why did Tom do that again?
Why didn't you come when I called you?
Why was Tom the last one to get here?
Why was Tom the last one to arrive?
Why are you being so stubborn about this?
Why weren't you here this afternoon?
Why don't we bury the treasure here?
Why don't you have a try at convincing Tom to do that?
Why don't you have a try at convincing Tom?
Why don't we put an ad in the local paper?
Why can't you act like an adult?
Why don't you ask Tom if it's true?
Why don't you ask Tom if what he said is really true?
Why don't you come over for dinner on Monday?
Why did you paint the room this color?
Why don't you put on your jacket if you're cold?
Why don't you put your jacket on if you're cold?
Why should I say sorry when it's not my fault?
Why shouldn't I buy it if I can afford it?
Why don't you pick on someone else for a change?
Why do you keep forgetting to lock the door?
Why don't you come to Boston for a few days?
Why don't you come and stay with us in Boston for a few days?
Why don't you go upstairs and lie down for a while?
Why don't you go upstairs and lie down for a bit?
Why don't you go upstairs and take a nap?
Why don't you pick on somebody else for a change?
Why don't you put your money where your mouth is?
Why don't you come to Boston for the weekend?
Why does Tom get to go to the party and I don't?
Why would anyone want to eat something that smelled like that?
Why does it take women so long to get ready to go out?
Why didn't the band play the song that you requested?
Why didn't the band play the song you requested?
Why am I the only one who caught a cold?
Why did you agree to do this if you're so busy?
Why does the phone always ring when I'm in the shower?
Why does the phone always ring when I'm in the bath?
Why does the phone always ring when I'm taking a shower?
Why does the phone always ring when I'm taking a bath?
Why were you so impolite?
Why were you so rude?
Why did you choose this spot to build your house?
Why don't we go to Tom's place and see how he is?
Why don't we go to Tom's and see how he is?
Why do you work so hard?
Why did Tom's father allow Tom to do that?
Why did Tom's father allow him to do that?
Why are you staying indoors on a beautiful day like this?
Why are you staying inside on a beautiful day like this?
Why don't we order a pizza, so you don't have to cook?
Why in the world would anyone want to do that?
Why in the world would anybody want to do that?
Why on earth would anyone want to do that?
Why on earth would anybody want to do that?
Why didn't you put any garlic in the spaghetti sauce?
Why don't you try calling Tom?
Why don't you try calling Tom again?
Why don't you try calling Tom one more time?
Why don't you try calling Tom once again?
Why Tom did that is still a mystery to me.
Why don't we just tell Tom that he has to leave?
Why don't we just tell Tom he has to leave?
Why don't we go out for a drive?
Why don't we go out for dinner?
Why Tom did that is beyond me.
I wonder whose umbrella this is.
Tom is busy every morning.
I was never contacted by anyone.
I was never contacted by anybody.
Tom is a very good worker.
Tom is a brilliant person.
I tried to keep a straight face.
Tom is a bit old for that.
Tom is a very smart person.
Tom is a little too old for that.
Three men stood guard.
Be careful around that dog.
OK, I'm ready.
Jam comes in jars.
Don't give him chocolate.
Perhaps I'm wrong.
I didn't suspect that you existed.
Maybe I was mistaken.
"Does your hand hurt?" "It hurts a little."
Does she have any tattoos?
Sami doesn't want to go into too much detail.
Sami has really bad flashbacks.
Sami's PTSD went away.
Sami's PTSD eventually went away.
Sami was afraid of Layla's driving.
Sami was driving an 18-wheeler.
Sami and Layla got into a car accident.
Sami didn't know how to start that story.
Sami met an Egyptian girl.
Sami wanted to go to Cairo the very next day.
Sami isn't a good planner.
Sami became one of Layla's best friend.
Sami's girlfriend is a witch.
Sami went to a concert in Egypt.
Sami bought six tickets.
The kids want to play.
Sami started to listen to that band.
The children want to play.
Sami started to listen to Layla's favorite band.
Sami lives somewhere else in Egypt.
Sami lives somewhere else in Cairo.
Sami wanted to go to Cairo as well.
Sami is one of my favorite rappers.
Sami doesn't listen to this kind of shit.
Sami went to a metaphysical store.
Sami and Layla bought candles.
Sami has a shotgun in the back of his car.
Sami comes from Cairo.
Sami stayed another day in Egypt.
Sami camped out in Egypt.
Sami and Layla had an aha moment.
Sami hired an artist.
Sami went about his day.
Sami noticed that huge-ass 18-wheeler.
Sami's 18-wheeler is so scary.
Sami bought an 18-wheeler.
Sami and Layla still live in Egypt.
Sami came in the middle of the day.
Sami and Layla need to take a break.
Sami is a good driver.
Sami didn't have time to maneuver.
Sami is driving on the highway.
Sami caught an orange butterfly.
Children need sleep.
Sami's 18-wheeler was right in front of us.
Sami hit the 18-wheeler.
Sami hit the brakes really hard.
Sami's car was spinning in a circle.
Sami was driving on a high-speed highway.
Sami hit the brakes so hard.
Sami's car was untouched.
Sami's face was crushed.
Sami's face was crushed in.
Sami's car was spinning out of control.
Sami was in such a panic that he couldn't react.
Sami's car flew up in the air.
Sami's body was in so much shock.
Sami is a registered nurse.
Sami jumped out of his car.
Sami tried to get Layla up off the ground.
Sami has just hit an 18-wheeler.
Sami was driving on a very dangerous highway.
Sami saw an orange butterfly fly out of the bush.
Sami paid a six thousand dollar hospital bill.
Sami can't go to the hospital.
Sami doesn't want to go to the hospital.
Sami's car was deemed undrivable.
Sami and Layla are in so much pain.
Sami explained the whole thing to Layla.
Sami needs to get a lawyer.
Sami and Layla came to work.
Sami sued the company for so much money.
Sami still has his life.
Sami saw a beautiful orange butterfly.
Sami and Layla have been in an accident.
Sami doesn't have friends.
Sami doesn't hang out with people.
Sami really likes filming videos.
On weekends, I usually take it easy.
Sami questioned Layla's love for him.
Sami's dog is his best friend.
Sami and Layla drank wine together.
Sami took acid.
Sami and Layla did acid.
Sami grabbed a snack and sat down to watch the movie.
Sami and Layla do drugs.
Sami and Layla do drugs together.
Sami believes in the legalization of weed.
Sami did different things.
Sami showed Layla his drawings.
Sami and Layla take acid.
Sami and Layla do acid.
Sami isn't trying to influence anybody to do drugs.
Sami took a psychedelic.
Sami started taking acid.
Sami has never taken acid.
Sami wanted to chill with one of his friends.
Sami and Layla were smoking weed.
Sami was a musician.
Sami is with his friend Farid.
Sami came from Egypt.
Sami sold acid.
Sami sold weed.
Sami wanted some acid.
Sami is on acid.
Sami pushed my limits.
Sami tried acid.
Sami had a headache.
Sami was babysitting the kids.
Sami would never do acid.
Sami would never ever babysit Layla's kids.
Sami lost his shit.
Sami is the sweetest human that I have ever met.
Sami got some acid.
Sami purchased some acid.
Sami brought his computer.
Sami lent Layla his computer.
Sami was around good people.
Sami and Layla took acid.
Sami took one hit of acid.
Sami took two hits of acid.
Sami and Layla started taking acid.
Sami's body started loosing up.
Sami saw trees.
Sami saw a building.
Sami was hearing a strange noise.
Sami was sitting in the living room.
Sami felt like he was becoming one with his couch.
Sami was so focused on the screen.
Sami started to look around the room.
Sami was seeing strange patterns and shapes.
Sami was looking at the shadow of the chandelier.
Sami looked at the chandelier.
Sami tried to keep his composure.
Sami was having a bad dream.
Sami was looking at the shadows.
Sami was babysitting all those kids.
Sami called the cops on us.
Sami started having a panic attack.
Sami showed Layla some of his drawings.
Sami is a high school dropout.
Sami became a high school dropout.
Sami didn't drop out of school.
Sami dropped out of high school.
Sami did his work.
Sami pushed Layla out of school.
Sami and Layla were bullied in school.
Sami and Layla were wearing the same shoes.
Sami couldn't afford to have a new pair of shoes.
Sami was the most popular boy in school.
Sami came to Layla's house after school.
Sami was dating one of the most popular girls in school.
Sami and Layla were in middle school.
Sami's kids have really cool Arab names.
Sami was making fun of Layla's hair.
Sami was bullying Layla's brother in high school.
Sami smelt of cigarettes.
Sami pretended to be Layla's friend.
Sami wanted to fight that boy.
Sami and Layla started hanging out in middle school.
Sami still went to school.
Sami applied for a different high school.
Sami got accepted in that high school.
Sami has dyed hair.
Sami plays guitar.
Sami has no reason to hide who he is.
Sami has no reason to hide.
Sami went home and cried.
Sami had a really bad depression.
Sami wanted school to be his escape.
Sami was really good in school.
Sami was really bad in history.
Sami has always had a problem with history class.
Sami is dyslexic.
Sami has always had a problem reading.
Sami suffered with Arabic.
Sami was a genius in math.
Sami is a genius in science.
Sami hated gym class.
Sami had bad grades.
Sami wasn't really good in history.
Sami and Layla passed the test.
Sami became more popular in high school.
Sami is a weird kid.
Sami ruined Layla's childhood.
Sami was a target again.
Sami was in high school in Egypt.
Sami was so close to graduating.
Sami's teachers were upset with him.
Sami was teased for being black.
Sami was teased for being an Egyptian.
Sami hated school.
Sami stopped going to school.
Sami started going to school in December.
Sami was able to go to college.
Sami's teachers were pissed at him.
Sami regretted dropping out of school.
Sami finished the school year.
Sami and Layla didn't want to go to school.
Sami didn't feel comfortable around his peers.
Sami didn't feel comfortable around his teachers.
Sami doesn't have a diploma.
Sami has a high school diploma.
Sami always says this in his videos.
Sami and Layla stopped going to school.
Sami was teased really badly in school.
Sami got the best education that he could.
Sami's school year is going good.
Sami has no reason to feel uncomfortable.
Sami isn't going to see these people again after six months.
Sami sent Layla the video.
Sami and Layla were in a long-term relationship.
Sami went to school with Layla.
Sami got a lot of attention from all the girls.
Sami was never Layla's type.
Sami told one of his friends that he thought Layla was extremely ugly.
Sami saw Farid on a few football games.
Sami changed his relationship status on Facebook from "in a relationship" to "married."
Sami sent Layla a flower emoji.
Sami put his number in the message.
Sami sent Layla a hand emoji.
Sami sent Layla a waving hand emoji.
Sami has his own place.
Sami never replied to Layla's messages.
Sami was hanging out with his friends.
Sami read the message and got really offended.
Sami sent Layla a lengthy text message.
Sami texted Layla a question mark.
Sami's daughter isn't into hook-ups.
Sami wanted to have a hook-up with Layla.
Sami has just got out of a relationship.
Sami has never talked to that girl a day in his entire life.
Sami doesn't know how Layla operates with men.
Sami saw Layla's Facebook.
Sami hit Layla up on Facebook.
Sami is a fuckboy.
Sami should not have a girlfriend.
Sami preyed on vulnerable girls.
Sami shouldn't have a girlfriend.
Sami wasn't looking for a hook-up.
Sami was never interested in that girl.
Sami has dated so many girls.
Sami has multiple girlfriends at a time.
Sami has multiple girlfriends.
Sami changed his relationship status on Facebook.
Sami gave Layla time.
Sami was contacted from a fake account.
Sami contacted Layla from a fake account.
Sami complained about people stalking him.
Sami had to move houses.
Sami unfriended Layla on Facebook.
Sami was harassed on Facebook.
Sami went live on Facebook.
Sami was live on YouTube.
Sami stayed live for two hours.
Sami likes the music.
Sami and Layla were family.
Sami kept saying inappropriate stuff.
Sami took his shirt off.
Sami was saying really disgusting things about Layla's boyfriend.
Sami was ignoring Layla's messages.
Sami felt uncomfortable around that girl.
Sami blocked many people on Facebook.
Sami was trolling Layla on Facebook.
Sami shouldn't have blocked Layla on Facebook.
Sami and Layla were live on Facebook.
Sami has Layla's address.
Sami had Layla's information.
Sami is one of my YouTube subscribers.
Sami received a bunch of rude comments on Facebook.
Sami hacked Layla's account.
Sami found out Layla's phone number.
Sami gives his phone number out all the time.
Sami commented on his own posts.
Sami's account is being hacked.
Sami forgot his Facebook username.
Thirty years passed.
Sami sent Layla a screenshot.
Sami blocked Layla's Facebook account.
Sami blocked the wrong person on Facebook.
Tom bought a camera.
Sami was giving out Layla's personal information to other Facebook users.
Sami doesn't know Layla's real name.
Sami doesn't know Layla's real identity.
Sami had no photos on Facebook.
Sami is following Layla on Instagram.
Sami is Layla's biggest inspiration.
Sami said rude things to Layla all the time.
Sami doesn't want to be rude to people.
Sami does not want to be rude to people.
Sami and Layla had a conversation about that.
Sami thinks of Layla like a best friend.
Sami stopped responding to Layla's messages.
Sami and Layla stopped talking on Facebook.
Sami was messaging Layla on Facebook.
Sami posted a photo of himself.
Sami is Layla's biggest fan on Facebook.
Sami blocked that profile.
Sami's safety is more important than anything.
Sami blocked some of his fans on Facebook.
Sami had his reputation ruined.
Sami got rude comments on Facebook.
Sami never uses Facebook.
Sami is filming the video.
Sami is filming in his room.
Sami wanted to show a side of him that very few people know.
Sami and Layla were children.
Sami was a child.
Sami has never heard of Walmart in his entire life.
You can go wherever you want to.
Sami bought that from his drugstore.
Sami didn't even know that Walmart existed.
Sami worked at a drugstore.
Sami left the store at six.
Sami's daughter is thirteen and doesn't need makeup.
Sami bought Layla mascara.
Of course I'll go.
Sami stole mascara from a store.
Sami went with a family member to Walmart.
Sami's mom have him some money.
Sami bought something cheap from Walmart.
Sami hates Layal's blue lipstick.
Sami paid for the items and left Walmart at six.
Sami stole expensive stuff.
Sami took this from Walmart.
Sami stole this from Walmart.
Sami opened up the drawer.
Sami paid so much money.
Sami stole from Walmart.
Sami went to a different location.
Sami tried to steal from Walmart.
Sami bought Layla a bag.
Sami bought Layla a handbag.
Sami put the items in a basket.
Sami was walking around the store in circles.
Sami didn't see the security guards.
Sami was staring at the security guards.
Sami lost his guitar case.
Sami didn't steal anything from Walmart.
Sami stole many items from Walmart.
Sami ran out of the store.
Sami got hired at Walmart.
Sami was still in Cairo.
Sami and Layla don't live in the same state.
Sami and Layla tried to steal from Walmart.
Why don't you let Tom do the talking?
Tom has the information that we need.
Sami is one of my friends in high school.
Sami watched my YouTube videos.
Sami told us how he knew that girl.
Sami is irrelevant to this story.
Sami and Layla chilled all the time.
Sami and Layla went their separate ways.
Sami moved to a really small town.
Sami lives on the outskirts of that small town.
Sami came back from Cairo.
Sami liked Layla's photos on Facebook.
Sami and Layla were communicating via Facebook.
Sami went to Cairo with Layla.
Sami's girlfiend is so weird.
Sami was messaging one of Layla's friends.
Sami doesn't believe that Layla is that kind of person.
Sami is gay of course.
Sami and Layla were cousins.
Sami was messaging my friend.
Sami kept messaging Layla all the time.
Sami used to date that other girl.
Tom is going to be caught.
I'll never forgive you for that.
Tom is older than me, too.
I'm glad to see you happy again.
Sami always liked all of Layla's photos on Facebook.
Sami is constantly liking all of Layla's Facebook posts.
Sami noticed Layla on Facebook.
Sami saw Layla on Facebook.
Sami saw Layla's photos on Facebook.
Sami was ignoring Layla on Facebook.
Sami stepped on Layla's toes.
Sami had really short hair.
Sami's hair is long.
Sami is not the same kid I knew from high school.
Sami isn't the same kid I knew from high school.
Sami sent a sexy selfie of himself.
Sami screenshot Layla's message and sent it to Farid.
Sami's shirt is really cute.
Sami is blocking Layla on Facebook.
Sami screenshot Layla's messages.
Sami should have blocked Layla on Facebook.
Sami needs more friends.
Sami saved more money.
Sami never added Layla on Facebook.
Sami is really upset about this situation.
Sami really likes that girl.
Sami was trying to be in a relationship with Layla.
Sami couldn't trust that girl.
Sami asked Layla for nudes.
Tom is really stupid, isn't he?
Sami is a pig.
Sami didn't say who his attackers were.
He was poisoned by our enemies.
Sami was on Instagram.
Never ever do this again.
Sami downloaded that app.
Sami was cleaning up his Instagram.
Sami deleted a lot of photos from his Instagram.
Sami would always watch Layla's YouTube videos.
Sami wanted to stay in Cairo.
Sami followed Layla's sister on Facebook.
Sami talked to Layla on Facebook.
Sami unfollowed Layla on Facebook.
Sami posted a picture of him and Layla on Facebook.
Sami was sitting at the kitchen table.
Sami never clicked on that link.
Sami went through Layla's pictures on Facebook.
Sami was liking Layla's photos on Facebook.
Sami got a friend request on Snapchat.
Sami never uses Snapchat.
Sami found Layla's name on Snapchat.
Sami found Layla's Snapchat name.
Sami is on Twitter.
Sami followed Layla on Snapchat.
I think you should call my lawyer.
Sami was still thinking positive.
Sami knew Layla was one of his YouTube fans.
Sami and Layla's conversation was getting a little bit too personal.
Sami added Layla back on Snapchat.
Sami was communicating with Layla on a personal level.
Sami loves Layla's Egyptian accent.
Sami was still trying to make small talk.
Sami messaged Layla every day.
Sami and Layla were in the mall.
Sami commented on Layla's photo on Facebook.
Sami didn't reply to Layla's message.
Sami was commenting on Layla's breasts.
Sami said Layla had juicy hips.
Sami is a pervert.
Sami was a pervert.
Sami stopped replying to Layla's messages.
Sami was looking for food.
Sami's girlfriend looks so sexy.
Sami sent Layla some sexy photos.
Sami didn't send Layla any photos.
Sami is blocking Layla on Snapchat.
Sami knew Layla had a boyfriend.
Sami doesn't deserve the girlfriend he has.
Sami is a fan of Layla's.
Sami has a large following on Facebook.
Sami was filming with his phone.
No one knows what'll happen next.
Nobody knows what'll happen next.
Tom isn't on campus today.
Tom is waiting for a ride.
I'm working as quickly as I can.
I'm working as quickly as possible.
Tom is tired all the time.
I'm looking for a place to stay.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Boston.
Tom is still on the couch.
Tom tore to pieces a letter from his ex-wife.
Sami was walking through the village.
Sami killed a chicken.
Sami cooked a chicken.
Sami was working in Egypt for six months.
Sami went to a different part of Egypt.
Sami has been back to Cairo since then.
Sami went to Egypt through Sudan.
Sami is in Cairo now.
Sami and I grew up in Egypt.
Sami put the GPS on the shortest but not the fastest route.
Sami rented a car.
Sami did biking.
Sami gave Layla an expensive graduation present.
Sami is very good at making plans.
Sami is Layla's favorite travel partner.
Sami had no home.
Sami is constantly on the road.
Sami loves his work.
Sami loves the career he's building.
Sami loves the career he is building.
Sami took lots of trips.
Sami used to joke with all his friends.
Sami used all of the shampoo bottle.
Sami misses home.
Sami enjoyed traveling the world.
Sami loves watching Layla's videos.
Sami responds to every message.
Sami really liked Cairo when he visited it.
Sami lives in a safe country.
Sami lives in a safe area.
Sami was born sixty years ago in Cairo, Egypt.
And the Lord did so. And there came a very grievous swarm of flies into the houses of Pharaoh and of his servants, and into all the land of Egypt: and the land was corrupted by this kind of flies.
And Pharaoh called Moses and Aaron, and said to them: Go and sacrifice to your God in this land.
Tom walked Mary to her flat.
I'm really sorry I wasn't able to help.
And Moses said: It cannot be so: for we shall sacrifice the abominations of the Egyptians to the Lord our God: now if we kill those things which the Egyptians worship, in their presence, they will stone us.
I didn't catch your surname.
And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Ararat.
And Noah built an altar to the LORD; and took of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the altar.
We will go three days' journey into the wilderness; and we will sacrifice to the Lord our God, as he hath commanded us.
And Pharaoh said: I will let you go to sacrifice to the Lord your God in the wilderness, but go no farther: pray for me.
I didn't realize you existed.
And Moses said: I will go out from thee, and will pray to the Lord: and the flies shall depart from Pharaoh, and from his servants, and from his people to morrow: but do not deceive any more, in not letting the people go to sacrifice to the Lord.
So Moses went out from Pharaoh, and prayed to the Lord. And he did according to his word: and he took away the flies from Pharaoh, and from his servants, and from his people: there was not left so much as one.
And Pharaoh's heart was hardened, so that neither this time would he let the people go.
Muḥend Belqasem is giving live training on Facebook every Thursday.
And the Lord said to Moses: Go in to Pharaoh, and speak to him: Thus saith the Lord God of the Hebrews: Let my people go to sacrifice to me.
But if thou refuse, and withhold them still: Behold my hand shall be upon thy fields; and a very grievous murrain upon thy horses, and asses, and camels, and oxen, and sheep.
And the Lord will make a wonderful difference between the possessions of Israel and the possessions of the Egyptians, that nothing at all shall die of those things that belong to the children of Israel.
And the Lord appointed a time, saying: To morrow will the Lord do this thing in the land.
The Lord therefore did this thing the next day: and all the beasts of the Egyptians died, but of the beasts of the children of Israel there died not one.
And Pharaoh sent to see; and there was not any thing dead of that which Israel possessed. And Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and he did not let the people go.
I am going to think about it.
She gave up her bad habits.
Choose the correct option.
Write to me please.
Impossibility is the most common of excuses.
Why did you lend Tom money?
Why did you lend money to Tom?
Why am I so stupid?
Why don't we drop by to see Tom?
Why couldn't you come on Monday?
Why did Tom do such a thing?
Why did you side with Tom instead of me?
Why did Tom live in Australia?
Would you like to play tennis on Monday?
Why don't we play tennis on Monday?
Why did Tom ask for so much money?
Why don't you take your bath now?
We'll be closing up early today.
Tom slept in the basement.
The restaurant was very crowded.
Tom rides the bus to work.
The auditorium was very crowded.
Tom lied about being there.
What's she doing over there?
Tom really wanted to see echidnas and wombats, so he took a plane to Austria.
This shop isn't very big.
After the death of his wife, he couldn't endure the emptiness and he followed her into the dark.
Where is his grave?
We don't like our French teacher.
Tom was bitten by a horse.
We don't have French class today.
Tom was arguing with Mary.
Things are getting better for us.
Tom walked down the steps.
I wonder whose glasses these are.
Tom took pictures of Mary.
We've got to get to Boston soon.
Tom stood facing the wall.
Sami left the lights on.
Sami never drinks vodka.
Sami is coming back soon.
Sami gets a notification every single time Layla posts a new video on her YouTube channel.
Sami worked with those people.
Sami caused a lot of damage.
Sami went out of his way to try to do something good to people.
Sami is my photographer friend.
Sami lives here in Cairo.
Sami was an important character in Layla's stories.
Sami is working on bigger things.
Sami and Layla needed a break.
Sami wanted to team up with other photographers.
Sami said that that never crossed his mind.
Sami is a humanitarian.
Sami is a philanthropist.
Sami worked for them free of charge.
Sami doesn't need Layla's services.
Sami has a photographer.
Sami runs six businesses.
Sami has a bicycle shop.
Sami is the bicycle shop owner.
Sami took photos with Layla's bike.
Sami is the owner of the shop.
Sami is proud of his bike.
Sami loves his bike.
Sami was a competitive cyclist.
Sami has a custom bike.
Sami's bike costs six thousand dollars.
Sami does cycling.
Sami's bike was his life.
Sami is a competitive cyclist himself.
Sami has built his bike from the ground up.
Sami has a very expensive bike.
Sami has a very expensive bicycle.
Sami decided to wear a suit.
Sami's girlfriend wore heels.
Sami loaded the bike into the back of his car.
Sami started taking photos.
Sami handled the bike with care.
Sami took the photos.
Sami needed to learn his lesson.
Sami was done taking pictures.
Sami took one more picture.
Sami wished he never said those words.
Sami put his feet on the handle bars of his bike.
Sami broke Layla's bike into pieces.
Sami is doing a photo shoot with Layla.
Sami fucked Layla's bike up.
Sami fucked Layla's bike up so bad.
Sami fucked his hand up.
Sami bought a bicycle frame for six thousand dollars.
Sami did more harm than good.
Sami took the bike back into the shop.
Sami had no words.
Sami brought Layla's bike back to her in pieces.
Sami did everything he could to solve the situation.
Sami came back to his house.
Sami and Layla had a dance party.
Sami's brain can't process what just happened.
Sami said it was his fault.
Sami had insurance on his bike.
Sami had to pay a lot of money.
Sami purchased a new bike for himself.
Sami purchased a new bike from Layla's shop.
Sami had a stroke.
Sami gets a notification every time Layla posts a new video.
Sami liked those videos.
Sami enjoyed making videos.
Sami follows Layla on other social media.
Sami told us what happened on that tragic day.
Sami is an amazing artist.
Sami is an amazing photographer.
Sami's studio is six hours from Layla's house.
Sami told Layla about that idea.
Sami drove there early in the morning.
Sami was a makeup artist.
Sami was a professional photographer.
Sami exposed his stalker on YouTube.
Sami's water heater has stopped working.
Sami went to Egypt in winter.
Sami dipped his toe into the water.
Sami was relaxed in the water.
Sami called the whole thing off.
Sami drove six hours to get here.
Sami needs to sacrifice some of his personal comfort to do this job.
Sami's girlfriend had her swimsuit on.
Sami was standing in the water.
Sami laid his entire body down in the cold water.
Sami stood there for a while.
Sami's feet were almost completely numb.
Sami submerged his entire body in the freezing water.
Sami was screaming in agony.
Sami was submerged in the water.
Sami pushed himself to the limit.
Sami did a photo shoot with lions.
Sami did a photo shoot with actual lions.
Sami did a pretty good job.
Sami was in searing pain.
Sami was fully submerged in the water.
Sami's breathing slowed down a lot.
Sami couldn't find his equilibrium.
Sami thought he had a stroke.
Sami carried Layla over to the couch.
Sami was going in and out of consciousness.
Sami used to be a boyscout.
Sami and Layla ate some food.
Sami experienced hypothermia.
Sami was conscious enough to drive home.
Sami wasn't able to drive home.
Sami was conscious enough to drive to the hospital.
Sami needed to lie down and take a nap.
Sami drove in the cold.
Sami Googled his symptoms.
Sami had heart issues.
Sami went to the emergency room.
Sami didn't have a heart attack.
Sami had an intense anxiety attack.
Sami had early stages of hypothermia.
Sami had vertigo.
Sami has never been in that situation before.
Sami had a wonderful day.
Sami sent Layla's nudes to her dad.
Sami sent Layla's topless photos to her dad.
Sami uploads a new video every single Saturday.
Sami and Layla regretted doing that.
Sami and Layla learned Arabic together.
Sami admitted his mistakes.
Sami doesn't want to repeat the mistakes that he has made.
Sami may not watch this video.
Sami isn't into this type of video.
Sami doesn't have a YouTube channel.
Sami does not have a YouTube channel.
Sami started his own YouTube channel.
Sami and Layla worked together on a paid project.
Sami and Layla decided to set up a test photo shoot.
Sami agreed to do a photo shoot for free.
Sami is a great photographer.
Sami has a great crew.
Sami worked with that photographer.
Sami works with a photographer.
Sami has worked with that photographer in the past.
Sami and Layla worked together multiple times.
Sami assumed that Layla's father was a psychopath.
Sami owns that studio.
Sami ignored Layla's red flags.
Sami and Layla were communicating via text.
Sami and Layla did an underwear photo shoot.
Sami's girlfiend did many underwear photo shoots.
Sami chose to do porn.
Sami brought his friend Layla.
Sami took his friends wherever he went.
Sami brought a friend with him.
Sami brought another person along with him.
Sami wasn't really familiar with modeling at all.
Sami wasn't familiar with modeling.
Sami leartn a valuable lesson.
Sami and Layla are going to the studio.
Sami brought some underwear.
Sami noticed the mattress on the floor.
Sami didn't want to cause issue.
Sami has a mattress in his studio.
Sami sleeps on a mattress.
Sami lives in his studio.
Sami sleeps in his studio.
Sami started taking pictures in the studio.
Sami should listen to his intuition.
Sami had that deep-seated gut feeling that something wasn't right.
Sami is a leather artist.
Sami has a website.
Sami has his own website.
Sami had no idea what that thing was.
Sami is familiar with the BDSM community.
Sami's YouTube channel got demonetized.
Sami could some pictures of Layla.
Sami didn't know what he was wearing.
Sami was obsessed with that actress.
Sami saw Layla's pictures online.
Sami saw Layla's photo shoot online.
Sami married a celebrity model.
Sami was still wearing that weird t-shirt.
Sami was on the fire escape.
Sami asked Layla to take her top off.
Sami was in a difficult situation.
Sami did a topless shoot with Layla.
Sami did a topless photo shoot with Layla.
Sami was changing poses.
Sami asked Layla to change her pose.
Sami asked Layla how the photo shoot went.
Sami received a text message with a photo of Layla topless.
Sami's parents are standing there.
Sami was waiting for an explanation.
Sami explained to them the situation.
Sami was extremely furious with the photographer.
Sami uploaded Layla's photos to his personal website.
Sami has a photography website.
Sami took the photo off his website.
Sami's photos were his.
Sami could do whatever he wanted with those photos.
Sami still has access to those images.
Sami and Layla enjoyed this video.
Sami bought this book from a Facebook ad.
Sami wanted to make a video on this.
Sami purchased some wigs.
Sami purchased a wig online.
Sami's girlfriend wasn't into wigs.
Sami didn't want Layla to mess with her beautiful natural her.
Sami's girlfriend ruined her natural hair.
Sami bought Layla a wig.
Sami's girlfriend has zero wig experience.
Sami doesn't know much about wig.
Sami bought an expensive wig.
Sami doesn't normally click on Facebook wigs.
Sami and Layla are still in bed.
Sami has never purchased a wig.
Sami clicked on that Facebook advertisement.
Sami clicked on that Facebook ad.
Sami doesn't know that much about wigs.
Sami's wig is made of human wig.
Sami wanted to have that look.
Sami showed Layla the wig that he purchased.
Sami purchased a beautiful wig.
Sami really liked that wig.
Sami purchased a new wig.
Sami went back to that website.
Sami has royally fucked up.
Sami has purchased a beautiful wig.
Sami hates wavy wigs.
Sami chose that wig.
Sami purchased an expensive wig.
Sami was spending a decent amount of money on wigs.
Sami's wig is shedding everywhere.
Sami's wig is made of plastic.
Sami bought a party wig.
Sami's wig was made in China.
Sami hates Layla's wig.
Sami ordered a wig.
Sami ordered a wig online.
Sami bought a wig for Halloween.
Sami dressed up for Halloween.
Sami's wig looks like shit.
Sami rubbed his shit on the wall.
Sami's wigs are made of human hair.
Sami sold his hair.
Sami had his hair made into a beautiful wig.
Sami never buys things from Facebook.
Sami has sent Layla six e-mails.
Sami has definitely learned his lesson.
Sami never wears this wig.
Sami's YouTube demographic is college students.
Sami left his YouTube channel for an entire year.
Sami won a sixty dollar gift card.
Sami and Layla are in the same room together.
Sami needed to take some time to himself.
Sami needs this time.
Sami makes raw uncut videos.
Sami sped up the video.
Sami needed to take a year-long break from YouTube.
Sami is suffering from a mental health issue.
Sami is OK with talking about these things.
Sami is suffering from a similar thing.
Sami educated people on that topic.
Sami had some mental issues.
Sami had no idea he would be gone for a year.
Sami was suffering from some ego issues.
Sami had some ego issues.
Sami has an ego issue.
Sami talked about that in a completely different video.
Sami was struggling with his mental issues.
Sami still drinks coffee.
Sami still drinks caffeine.
Sami still has six minutes.
Sami needed to take time from his YouTube channel.
Sami is suffering from mental issues.
Sami invented a new term.
Sami is obsessed with YouTube.
Sami was diagnosed as a narcissist.
Sami became successful on YouTube.
Sami's addictions were self-destructive.
Sami wanted to hang out with other people.
Sami was on YouTube.
Sami has an addictive personality.
Sami was spending every moment of every day on YouTube.
Sami wanted to take a year off.
Sami needs to do laundry.
Sami needs to do his dishes.
Sami can't expect other people to do this for him.
Sami was pretty much acting like a child.
Sami was just a big child.
Sami was neglecting his mental health.
Sami was neglecting his physical health.
Sami needs to bring himself back down to earth.
Sami needs money to pay bills.
Sami has bills to pay.
Sami has bills.
Sami needed to find a job.
Sami was home all day.
Sami needs a full-time job.
Sami needs to get a full-time job.
Sami needed to take himself out of YouTube.
Sami needs to get a job.
Sami is still doing YouTube.
Sami needed to take time to himself.
Sami needs to take time to himself.
Sami needs to get himself a job.
Sami is doing YouTube.
Sami basically stays at home.
Sami did whatever he wanted throughout the day.
Sami has to wake up at 6:am every day.
Sami earns only a fraction of what he used to earn when he did YouTube.
Sami has to do these things.
Sami was taking a break.
Sami was taking his break.
Sami paid his bills.
Sami was interviewed by the CEO himself.
Sami was focused on working on his own businesses.
Sami wanted to start his own business.
Sami interviewed the next person.
Sami and Layla talked about life.
Sami doesn't need to go to college.
Sami wrote a book for his daughter.
Sami wrote a book about how to invest money in Egypt.
Sami knows that he can't teach a fish how to climb a tree.
Sami felt like he had some sort of untapped potential.
Sami wanted to be his own boss.
Sami wanted to have his own business and be his own boss.
Sami hates anti-college books.
Sami left his home at six.
Sami needs to have a good sense of direction.
Sami is going to college this September.
Sami knew what his personal gifts were.
Sami doesn't have to worry about his finances.
Sami was at peace with what he was doing.
Sami was at peace with everything in his life.
Sami isn't wasting his time.
Sami found that book extremely interesting.
Sami is the CEO.
Sami shared the book with his Facebook followers.
Sami sold his book online.
Sami gave Layla the first copy of his book.
Sami's books will be released in June.
Sami read the entire book.
Sami left YouTube for six years.
Sami has a new clock on his desk.
Sami likes making analogies.
Sami felt really bad for having wasted a lot of time.
Sami clicked the link.
Sami wanted to know when Layla's book was going to be released.
Sami and Layla started their own business.
Sami is still the same person.
Sami bought books for college.
Sami formulated a business model.
Sami helped Layla formulate a business model.
Sami is learning every day.
Sami and Layla were normal people.
Sami wouldn't sacrifice his mental and physical health for social media.
Sami needs to take another break.
Sami needs to have a healthy mindset.
Sami is his own business owner.
Sami is a poet.
Sami's video inspired me to take some time to myself.
Sami worked as an employee at that store.
Sami would never work at Walmart again.
Sami first started working at Walmart in 2006.
Sami never wears pink clothing.
Sami has worked at Walmart before.
Sami posted a million videos on YouTube about this.
Sami's manager was so nice.
Sami was a fresh part-time employee at Walmart.
Sami's manager was always so close with him.
Sami was close with the manager.
Sami became a really good salesperson.
Sami absolutely loved working at Walmart.
Sami's job was so much fun.
Sami is talking about his own experience at Walmart.
Sami has been having a bad day.
Sami was forced to work with two women.
Sami was forced to work with two women that he hated so much.
Sami was under sixty.
Sami likes mature women.
Sami wasn't just mean to me and other employees. He was also pretty means to customers.
Sami hates mean girls.
Sami's behavior was intimidating for many customers.
Sami likes working with young girls.
Sami told Layla that straight to her face.
Sami tried his best to be professional.
Sami got commission.
Sami gave the customer his name.
Sami wrote a letter to the manager.
Sami sent a handwritten letter to the manager.
Sami came up to me, asking for help.
Sami doesn't think that was the truth at all.
Sami was making more sales than Layla.
Sami was having a conversation with Layla.
Sami got hate letters.
Sami left a good review about Layla's store.
Sami did so much for his employee.
Sami gave Layla a gift card.
Sami sent Layla a gift card.
Sami got a hoodie for free.
Sami gave out free merchandise to his employees.
Sami was hiring in some real bitches.
Sami really liked to work at Walmart.
Sami doesn't let people hold him back from what he wants to do.
Sami's company was great.
Sami applied to Walmart.
Sami is planning to do a video on that.
Sami's camera was out of focus.
Sami realized that his camera was out of focus.
Sami decided to make an exception.
Sami wanted people to know that.
Sami talked about his casting process with that studio.
Sami hasn't filmed a video in his entire life.
Sami dreamed of being on that show.
Sami said his lips were feeling really dry.
Sami should probably listen to that video.
Sami started doing social media.
Sami started gaining a little bit of traction on social media.
Sami decided to message Layla on Instagram.
Sami has to be super careful when it comes to things like these.
Sami wants to hear that story, too.
Sami remembers that show from when he was young.
Sami doesn't mean that in a rude way.
I'll guarantee that you'll enjoy this film.
Sami had plenty of photos online.
Sami introduced himself to the casting director.
Sami was a casting director.
Sami was another candidate.
Sami was competing with other candidates.
Sami loved that show.
Sami needed to keep super quiet on that business.
Sami wanted to go on a Skype call with Layla.
Sami and Layla had a long Skype call.
Sami has a production company.
Sami was giving Layla questions to answer.
Sami was really good at interviews.
Sami loves hanging out with his friends.
Sami is answering the questions.
Sami's girlfriend is not a bitch at all.
Sami wanted Layla to speak in a bitchy way.
Sami asked Layla to speak in a bitchy way.
Sami told Layla how to answer those questions.
Sami wanted Layla to look a little bit more bitchy.
Sami tried to sabotage Layla's modeling career.
Sami can't sabotage Layla's modeling career.
Sami was not happy with that answer.
Sami wasn't happy with that answer.
Sami was throwing things.
Sami gave Layla an aggressive answer.
Sami sounded like an aggressive person.
Sami was trying to cause drama.
Sami was so obsessed with the show.
Sami was honest with his manager.
Sami submitted a casting video doing a model walk.
Sami had to create a casting video doing a model walk.
Sami was doing a model walk.
Sami is in competition.
Sami was on a highway.
Sami was walking in the middle of a freeway.
Sami's video wasn't that creative.
Sami had to come up with another idea.
Sami has no idea what to do.
Sami went to the highway.
Sami is a funny person.
Sami wanted his true personality to show through in that video.
Sami hated the video.
Sami can't do that because of copyright issues.
Sami sent his video to the casting director.
Sami sent Layla e-mails for updates.
Sami is still in the casting.
Sami wouldn't answer Layla for literally weeks.
Sami wouldn't talk to Layla for weeks.
Sami wasn't seeing results.
Sami has been ignoring Layla for weeks.
Sami wanted to be on the show.
Sami called Layla back one last time.
Sami was casted for the show.
Sami and Layla don't have passports.
Sami got his passport.
Sami was told he was casted for the show.
Sami is done with the casting process.
Sami has already left Egypt.
Sami doesn't want to be associated with that show.
Sami called Layla months later.
Sami was a member of the casting team.
Sami was going to be casted for the show.
Sami spent so much time doing interviews.
Sami left Layla in the lake to drown.
Sami has no empathy for people's feelings whatsoever.
Sami's modeling career is ruined.
Sami was so disappointed with how Layla handled the whole situation.
Sami is a member of the production team.
Sami tried to brainwash Layla into being a completely different person.
Sami has been on YouTube for a while now.
Sami wants everyone to know the truth.
Sami uploads new videos every day.
Sami has the right to do that.
Sami is really getting anxiety thinking about this.
Sami wrote a book about it.
Sami already has somewhat of an audience on YouTube.
Sami decided to take matters into his own hands.
Sami and Layla are doing YouTube.
Sami has no idea what this video is about.
Sami will explain everything in this video.
Sami is obsessed with coffee.
Sami doesn't share his personal life on YouTube.
Sami took a really long break to get himself together.
Sami didn't mention anyone's name.
Sami has had a lot of crazy things happening in his life.
Sami's decision has had a domino effect in his life.
Sami is not responsible for the things that happened to him.
Sami isn't responsible for the things that happened to him.
Sami decided to play around with a Ouija board with his roommates.
Sami was physically possessed by a demon.
She lives alone in a big house.
Sami has a personal opinion.
Sami is a spiritual person.
Sami doesn't know what happened that night.
Sami knocked over the first domino.
Sami's phone has spontaneously combusted.
Sami's phone has spontaneously exploded.
Sami experienced sleep paralysis.
Sami and Layla are in college.
Sami wasn't getting any sleep.
Sami wasn't going to classes.
Sami got more modeling jobs.
Sami's modeling started conflicting with his classes.
He wasn't a shepherd.
Sami's modeling job started conflicting with his classes.
Sami wanted to pursue a modeling career.
Sami said college was dumb for him.
Sami moved out of college.
Sami did more modeling.
Sami started doing more modeling.
Sami works at a sandwich shop.
Sami was discovered by an agent.
Sami's talents were discovered by an agent.
Sami brainwashed Layla into thinking that she had to change a bunch of things about the way she looked.
Sami became an entirely different person.
Sami had his hair dyed darker.
Sami never got plastic surgery.
Sami told Layla that she needed to get a boob job.
Sami moved out to Cairo.
Sami has a modeling agency.
Sami has lived in Egypt his entire life.
Sami's life has collapsed.
Sami doesn't want this life anymore.
Sami wants to change his life.
Sami was impersonating modeling and acting agents.
Sami anonymously reported the drug dealer.
Sami was back to square one.
Sami felt like he was a different person.
Sami can't really explain that feeling.
Sami never left Egypt.
Sami got Layla some attention.
Sami took part in a big modeling gig.
Sami wanted to do more YouTube.
Sami's video went viral on YouTube.
Sami wanted to get attention and views on YouTube.
Sami's decision caused a domino effect in his life.
Sami had fun doing YouTube.
Sami started hanging out with the wrong people.
Sami started to get into drugs.
Sami was traveling around Egypt.
Sami started to have some serious emotional issues.
Sami said that he was spiritually possessed by a demon.
Sami started finding dimes everywhere.
Sami's life was collapsing.
Sami claimed that he could feel when there were bad spirits around him.
Sami doesn't believe in negative and evil spirits.
Sami believes he has been saved by God.
Sami knows Layla's style.
Sami is now a firm believer in Jesus.
Sami's story sounds crazy.
Sami found a dime.
Sami looked at the dime.
Sami picked the dime up.
Sami felt like God had spoken to him.
Sami threw the ball so hard he almost pulled his shoulder out of its socket.
Sami was driving a church bus.
Sami was beginning a new life.
Sami felt someone was there the whole time.
Sami's life is amazing.
Sami will put all of that into a book.
Sami is experiencing mental health issues.
Sami's girlfriend was wearing a sports bra.
Sami's girlfriend has small boobs.
Sami's girlfriend was wearing a sports bra on camera.
Layla's sports bra has pockets on it.
Sami said he didn't have a soul.
Sami sold his soul to the modeling industry.
Sami and Layla really needed money.
Sami went to a motocross event.
Sami wanted dancers on stage.
Sami was hired through a modeling agency.
Sami was hired through an acting agency.
Sami was hired through a talent agency.
Layla wore the crappiest croptop she could ever find.
Sami was following that girl around and harassing her.
Sami has been waiting for six hours.
Sami hired Layla as a backup dancer.
Sami got out on stage.
Sami had a racing motorcycle.
Sami stood in the middle of the arena.
Sami wasn't expecting what Layla had in store.
Sami is the event director.
Sami is a dancer.
Sami deleted the live footage.
Sami reenacted for us what he did on stage.
Sami paid Layla five hundred dollars to embarrass himself in front of thousands of people.
Sami's home feels kind of nostalgic.
Sami is our new friend.
And the Lord said to Moses and Aaron: Take to you handfuls of ashes out of the chimney, and let Moses sprinkle it in the air in the presence of Pharaoh.
Sami comes from an Islamic country.
Sami isn't into scary stories.
Sami's stories are anything but boring.
Sami lives in a chaotic country.
Sami has been following Layla's YouTube channel for a long time.
Sami made an adult movie with Layla.
Sami has little hair.
Sami was so addicted to drugs.
Sami became so addicted to drugs.
And be there dust upon all the land of Egypt: for there shall be boils and swelling blains both in men and beasts, in the whole land of Egypt.
Protect him.
Sami isn't a stranger. He's family.
Sami is not a stranger. He is family.
Sami lives in a poor country.
Sami is simply crazy.
Sami is our next big problem.
Sami should follow Layla's example.
And they took ashes out of the chimney, and stood before Pharaoh, and Moses sprinkled it in the air; and there came boils with swelling blains in men and beasts.
Sami's project is doomed to failure.
Sami went blind.
Sami's best buddy is his dog.
Sami believes in ghost dogs.
Sami didn't feel a thing.
Sami's breath is bad.
Sami misses his dog.
Sami is on the right track.
Sami was talking to his dog.
Sami's dog is not there.
Sami's dog wasn't there.
Sami took off into the woods.
Sami took Layla's home.
Sami lived in a very dangerous place.
Sami's life was devastated.
Sami hit the freeway.
Sami grew up in an ordinary family.
Sami's vehicle blocked the road.
Sami died in his vehicle.
Sami's desperation went even higher.
Sami pretended to be a cop.
Sami is a National Guard.
Neither could the magicians stand before Moses, for the boils that were upon them, and in all the land of Egypt.
And the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart, and he hearkened not unto them, as the Lord had spoken to Moses.
Please explain the rules of football to me.
Sami lives in a politically unstable country.
Sami was spending like crazy.
Tom is a dickhead.
Tom is a bellend.
And the Lord said to Moses: Arise in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh, and thou shalt say to him: Thus saith the Lord, the God of the Hebrews: Let my people go to sacrifice to me.
For I will at this time send all my plagues upon thy heart, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people; that thou mayst know that there is none like me in all the earth.
For now I will stretch out my hand to strike thee, and thy people, with pestilence, and thou shalt perish from the earth.
And therefore have I raised thee, that I may shew my power in thee, and my name may be spoken of throughout all the earth.
How much time do you provide for completing the test?
Fratricide is a fancy word for killing your brother or sister.
If you want to know what Tussilago is, look it up in Wikipedia.
What did you do up to this point?
How did you manage to keep a straight face?
Tom is an astrophotographer.
Tom is an astronomy photographer.
Dost thou yet hold back my people; and wilt thou not let them go? Behold I will cause it to rain to morrow at this same hour, an exceeding great hail; such as hath not been in Egypt from the day that it was founded, until this present time.
He delivers pizza.
I counted on him.
Send therefore now presently, and gather together thy cattle, and all that thou hast in the field; for men and beasts, and all things that shall be found abroad, and not gathered together out of the fields which the hail shall fall upon, shall die.
I will never talk about my granddaughter to you again.
"Who is she?" "A friend."
I still dream about you sometimes.
Tom was finally acquitted.
I seriously considered doing that.
Tom was eventually caught.
Doing that will be as easy as pie.
Tom was contacted by Mary.
He was working day and night.
Why should I say sorry when it wasn't my fault?
Why don't we go skiing together?
Why don't we go skating together?
I have no intention of continuing to associate with scoundrels like you.
Why doesn't Tom go fishing anymore?
Why doesn't Tom go sailing anymore?
Why didn't you tell me Tom was in the hospital?
Why didn't you tell me that Tom was in the hospital?
Why don't we go fishing together?
I wish that I could speak French as well as you do.
We're going to see Tom right now.
Do you have a quarter I could borrow?
John and Alice are like fire and water.
We'll make our announcement on Monday.
We'll leave in an hour or so.
I'm going to retire the next year.
Tom was in Boston in 2013.
I was the last one to fall asleep.
Tom was going really fast.
Is it true that Tom is moving to Boston?
Tom was the reason that Mary moved to Boston.
Somebody told me Tom had moved to Boston.
Someone told me Tom had moved to Boston.
Somebody told me that Tom had moved to Boston.
Someone told me that Tom had moved to Boston.
Tom said he wanted to move to Boston.
I heard Tom plans to move to Boston.
You didn't tell me that Tom moved to Boston.
I was told Tom has moved to Boston.
Tom told Mary that he wanted to move to Boston.
Tom told Mary she should move to Boston.
Tom just announced he'd be moving to Boston.
Tom wasn't aware Mary had moved to Boston.
I hope that Tom doesn't have to move to Boston.
Is it true Tom plans to move to Boston?
I overheard Tom saying he was moving to Boston.
Tom said he'd be moving to Boston next October.
Tom was convinced he'd be happier if he moved to Boston.
Tom said he wanted to move to Boston because that's where Mary lives.
Tom couldn't find a job that he liked in Boston, so he moved to Chicago.
Does that bread taste OK?
Did you like the cake that Tom baked?
Did you like the cake Tom baked?
Tom went to the supermarket to buy a cake mix.
Tom didn't use a cake mix. He made it from scratch.
Tom isn't a very nice person.
Tom isn't a very smart person.
What time did you arrive in Boston?
What time did your flight arrive in Boston?
I like doing this a lot.
I'll never mention that again.
I won't say anything about it again.
I'm reading what Tom wrote.
I'm reading the letter that Tom sent me.
I'm reading Tom's message.
I'm reading the report that Tom wrote.
I'm reading the report Tom wrote.
Don't fold this document.
My car's the one over there.
My car's the blue one over there.
I'll never talk to you about this again.
I hated studying French.
I'll come to Boston the first weekend of October.
I'll come to Boston the first weekend in October.
I forgot to tell you what to do.
I forgot to tell you when you're supposed to be here tomorrow.
I forgot to give Tom my phone number.
I didn't realize that I was supposed to be there.
I didn't realize I was supposed to be there.
I didn't realize that you wanted me here at 2:30.
I didn't realize you wanted me here at 2:30.
What have you been doing all afternoon?
I think that you added too much salt.
I think you added too much salt.
Did you sign the document?
I'm really sorry that I wasn't able to help.
Please explain the rules to me.
It was more difficult than I thought it would be.
It was harder than I thought it would be.
It was easier than I thought it would be.
It was more interesting than I thought it would be.
It wasn't as interesting as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as fun as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as hard as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be.
The meeting didn't last as long as I thought it would.
The meeting was a lot shorter than I expected it to be.
Would it be OK if I sat next to the window?
Tom's concert was much better than I thought it would be.
Tom's concert was much better than I expected.
I think that you should add a bit more pepper.
I think you should add a bit more pepper.
I think that you should add a little more pepper.
I think you should add a little more pepper.
This would taste better if you'd add a little more salt.
This would taste better if you added a little more salt.
Do you believe in black magic?
Are you interested in astronomy?
Do you have a telescope?
I have a relative who lives around here.
My father died in World War II.
This bread looks delicious.
Tom was sitting with Mary.
A funny thing happened to me today.
Tom was rude to everybody.
You're making the situation worse.
Tom was really frustrated.
It gets cold at night around here.
Tom was messing with Mary.
I'm not going to compete tomorrow.
Tom was lost and confused.
He that feared the word of the Lord among Pharaoh's servants, made his servants and his cattle flee into houses. But he that regarded not the word of the Lord, left his servants, and his cattle in the fields.
Whatever you want.
Whatever you want!
And the Lord said to Moses: Stretch forth thy hand towards heaven, that there may be hail in the whole land of Egypt upon men, and upon beasts, and upon every herb of the field in the land of Egypt.
And Moses stretched forth his rod towards heaven, and the Lord sent thunder and hail, and lightnings running along the ground: and the Lord rained hail upon the land of Egypt.
He was deeply moved.
She was deeply moved.
And the hail and fire mixt with it drove on together: and it was of so great bigness, as never before was seen in the whole land of Egypt since that nation was founded.
History is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake.
And the hail destroyed through all the land of Egypt all things that were in the fields, both man and beast: and the hail smote every herb of the field, and it broke every tree of the country.
Only in the land of Goshen, where the children of Israel were, the hail fell not.
And Pharaoh sent and called Moses and Aaron, saying to them: I have sinned this time also, the Lord is just: I and my people, are wicked.
Does he see the sky?
Does she see the sky?
Do they see the sky?
Mary is a left-winger.
Tom has been working day and night.
Tom worked overtime every day last week.
The meeting was a little shorter than I expected it to be.
Tom plays the alto saxophone and Mary plays the bass clarinet.
Tom walked Mary home after the party.
Tom played the guitar and May sang.
I'll never talk to you about Tom again.
Tom plays the organ at church.
Tom is the church organist.
Tom has both an alto saxophone and a tenor saxophone.
Which do you play more often, your clarinet or your saxophone?
Tom plays the flute, the clarinet and the saxophone.
Tom needed money to pay his rent, so he sold his trombone.
Someone stole Tom's euphonium.
Someone stole my mandolin.
My mandolin was stolen.
Tom's euphonium was stolen.
We'll visit Boston soon.
We'll meet on Monday morning.
We'll start when Tom gets here.
We'll just have to see where Tom is.
We had to wait for three hours.
We'll have to wait for three hours.
We waited for three hours.
We waited three hours.
We'll have to wait three hours.
We had to wait three hours.
We won't leave without Tom.
We'll leave without Tom.
We'll probably be able to figure this out eventually.
We'll meet at the station at 2:30.
We'll have to sit in the back of the bus.
We sat in the back of the auditorium.
We'll attempt to do that by ourselves.
I was able to do it on my third attempt.
We'll meet at 2:30.
We'll be at the summit by noon.
We'll be home by sunset.
We'll need an extra thirty dollars.
We won't get to Boston before dark.
We won't get to Boston until after dark.
We'll run into Tom at the party.
Tom gave me a ride.
I don't remember turning the lights off.
I do not ask you for your opinion.
I have to wash my cat today.
You don't take antibiotics.
They cook without salt.
I only have four toes on my left foot.
What would you do if you were rich?
Tom gets up at eleven.
How do you prepare that soup?
Now he is in the hospital in critical condition.
Butterflies are the most beautiful, complex, fascinating, and mysterious insects that exist on our planet.
They all interpreted the presence of that owl as an ominous premonition.
Nothing is faster than time.
It is always better to be optimistic than pessimistic.
It was only a rumor.
My watch works poorly.
I found a gift underneath my pillow.
I have small eyes.
Many people say that it is a lie.
I would like to visit England one day.
Mary is too nostalgic of a person to live fully in the present.
I saved a seat for Tom.
Tom used to bake cookies for us.
The crocodile is weeping.
Tom and Mary engineered in their lab a virus to cause a zombie apocalypse.
Tom and Mary made a bomb out of a frying pan and nails.
I'm trapped behind the refrigerator. Send help.
Every day, she talks about getting married.
Every day, she talks about marriage.
Does he run every day?
Does he go running every day?
Our turn has come.
It's our turn.
You can draw your own conclusions.
Do vegetarians have cheat days?
There's a pleasing symmetry here: s[:i] + s[i:] is always equal to s.
Why did you hide these flowers from me?
What time did you arrive in Belo Horizonte?
Mary tried to comfort Tom by singing him a lullaby.
Mary tried to mollify Tom by singing him a lullaby.
I'm perplexed.
Listen to us.
Love me.
Sami left the light on for us.
Slugs ate all our cabbage.
Slugs eat our lettuce.
You're a fake Santa Claus.
Grandpa Frost has good eyesight while Santa Claus wears eyeglasses.
Tom doesn't know who Rapunzel is, while Maria does.
Rapunzel has hair down to the floor.
When did your uncle come from America?
Did your uncle come from America?
The thread is thin but strong, and doesn't break.
The thread is thin and breaks easily.
The thread is thin but sturdy.
If we're lucky we'll catch Tom in the office.
I was thirsty but there was no water.
Who funds your project?
Sami didn't write the thing down.
Sami talked to his mom.
Sami has some money.
Sami's story sucks.
Sami and Layla speak Arabic.
Sami's mental issues stem from his childhood.
Sami has done the worst things to Layla.
Sami loves to share his stories.
Sami was consistently running away from his father.
Sami was physically and emotionally abused by his father.
Sami's story is very accurate.
Sami's testimony is very accurate.
Sami can't trust his father.
Sami's father didn't like him.
Sami's daughter was pregnant at sixteen.
Sami doesn't care who sees this video.
Sami had a stepsister.
Sami had a halfsister.
Sami had a strong bond with that child.
Sami told Layla that Salima was his sister.
Sami accepted Layla as being his sister.
Sami and Layla were born on the sixth.
Sami and his brothers were born on the sixth of a month.
Sami and Layla aren't brothers.
Sami's nose is very long.
Sami got in trouble with his father.
Sami's father has a drinking problem.
Sami's father had drinking issues.
Sami couldn't even leave his room.
Sami wasn't allowed to leave his room.
Sami made Layla scrub the floor.
Sami made Layla bark like a dog.
Sami's glasses are missing.
Sami misplaced his watch.
Sami thought one of his kids stole his watch.
Sami misplaced his glasses.
Sami beat Layla's mom right in front of their children.
Sami hid his watch.
Sami has a Rolex watch.
Sami realized his watch was missing.
Sami misplaced Layla's umbrella.
Sami interrogated his children.
Sami took Layla into the living room.
Sami saw Layla take his watch.
Sami lied to scare his children.
Sami didn't know where he put his watch.
Sami told Layla that a bunch of times.
Sami looked at his daughter.
Sami was just kidding with his daughter.
Sami wanted to be an artist.
Sami wants to be a singer.
Sami misplaced his watches.
Sami doesn't have Layla's watch.
Sami was bending Layla's fingers back.
Sami bent his fingers so far back.
Sami slammed Layla's head in cabinet doors.
Sami was fighting his daughter like she was a man on the street.
Sami moved his children to Egypt.
Sami was molested by his uncle.
Sami is an intimidating man.
Sami is not afraid to fight anyone.
Sami is abusing his children.
Sami doesn't want a relationship with his father.
Sami is cool with his dad.
Sami doesn't want a fucking apology.
Sami doesn't want an apology.
Sami doesn't want those apologies.
Sami has issues with women.
Sami's daughter has issues with men.
Sami physically abused his grandmother.
Sami has also physically abused his grandmother.
Sami came over on the weekend.
Sami envied the fact that Layla was Farid's actual child.
Sami's dad became abusive.
Sami's stepdad became abusive.
Sami's stepdad was very abusive.
Sami let Layla out of the room.
Sami had a big TV.
Sami felt like a king.
Sami paid all the bills.
Sami and Layla are play-fighting.
Sami punched me in the face.
Sami has to get the living room cleaned up before his father returns.
Sami got Layla a bike.
Sami blamed Layla for breaking his TV.
Sami didn't break the TV.
Sami is going to fix the TV.
Sami picked reasons to get upset.
Sami started punching Layla in the face.
Sami called Layla a crazy bitch.
Sami locked Layla in her room.
Sami wanted to have a healthy relationship with his father.
Sami has a halfsister who is disabled.
Sami beat all of his children.
Sami is not a good man.
Sami is probably stronger than his father.
Sami didn't know that Layla's dad was abusive.
Sami did nice things to his children.
Sami was manipulating people.
Sami told Layla that she needed to be a good girl.
Sami still loves his family.
Sami doesn't want his farher to go to jail.
Sami could literally take Layla's life from her.
Sami and his siblings grew up in an abusive home.
Sami was abusing his children.
Sami suppressed all those feelings.
Sami has issues with girls.
Sami has issues with authority.
Sami is done rambling.
Sami wanted to bleach his skin.
Sami filmed this with a hidden camera.
Sami called Layla pretty.
I wanted to get married and have children, but that never happened.
Tom was obviously very upset.
As far as I know, this book has never been translated into French.
Tom was lying on his stomach.
The escaped prisoner is considered an extremely dangerous man.
Tom was just taking pictures.
If I were in charge, I wouldn't let the children do that.
Tom was home alone with Mary.
I'm feeling so much better than I was feeling yesterday.
Tom was given three years in prison.
I'm not sure if I'll have enough time to do that today.
Tom looked both ways.
Tom was drenched from head to toe.
We've spent over three hours discussing this already.
Tom was acting like a zombie.
This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me.
Tom seemed to be enjoying his life.
Mr. Jackson never loses his temper with his students.
Tom owns a cabin near a lake.
I'm feeling much better than I was feeling yesterday.
Tom noticed something unusual.
My parents always told me to be wary of strangers.
Remember the last words of our father.
Don't remind me of my tasks; I know them very well.
Don't eat my chips.
Tom bought me a clock.
I had no suspicion of your existence.
How much time do you give us to complete the test?
Are you sure that it's safe?
Tom isn't very romantic.
I think Tom is bad.
I think that Tom is bad.
Tom is very skilled at lying.
Tom is very skillful at lying.
Stop doing what you're doing and come over here.
I've always known that this would happen someday.
Tom left his key in the lock.
I'm afraid that I won't finish the report on time.
Tom looks tired all the time.
I'm afraid I won't finish the report on time.
How much time will you give us to do that?
How much time do you think that it'll take to do that?
You've got a long way to go yet.
I should've never married Tom.
I never should've married Tom.
Tom has nice stuff.
Are you sure that this is safe to eat?
Are you sure this is safe to eat?
I hope that Tom isn't tired.
I hope that Tom gets the job.
I've always known this would happen someday.
Tom promised that he'd wait.
Riding horses is fun.
The boss wants a status update on the criminal investigation.
The doctor gave Tom a status update on how the tumor in his brain had been responding to the chemotherapy.
For your information, that was my idea.
The weather station issued a status update every minutes on the hurricane barreling towards the Boston harbor.
Mary decided to hit the gym to get rid of her excess baggage.
Mennad got dressed.
Mennad drove to Baya's neighborhood.
Mennad was dating another girl.
Mennad was nicknamed "Squeak."
Mennad was very shy.
Mennad named his daughter Baya.
Mennad has never drunk alcohol.
Mennad had never drunk alcohol before that.
Mennad was at a tea dance.
Mennad was fucking drunk.
Mennad was dressed.
Mennad dressed up for the party.
Mennad stayed in the house.
Mennad has never been drunk before.
Mennad didn't want to go to the party.
Mennad and Baya went to a party.
We always hope.
Mennad and Baya started making out.
Mennad was wearing a blue shirt.
Mennad went to that party.
Mennad got things stolen from him.
Mennad needs to hop right into the story.
Mennad's story needs a back story.
Mennad was an introverted kid.
Mennad didn't go outside.
Mennad was an introverted teenager.
Mennad was watching YouTube.
Mennad came straight home from school.
Mennad mentioned Baya.
Mennad met Baya through Ziri.
I closed the window so mosquitoes wouldn't get in.
Baya's face was so pretty.
Mennad asked Baya how old she was.
Mennad was sixteen at the time.
Mennad was dating a very cool chick.
Mennad wanted to come to a party.
Mennad isn't a normal person.
Mennad is not a normal person.
I spent all day thinking about you.
Mennad was wearing shorts.
Mennad wasn't naked.
Mennad was not naked.
Mennad has a ticket.
Mennad was my roommate.
Mennad went to his house.
Mennad has been my roommate for six months.
Mennad and Baya got dressed.
Mennad didn't give a fuck.
Mennad should get the fuck out.
Mennad is a nice guy.
Mennad is going to a party tonight.
Mennad was sitting on the patio.
Mennad drove to that neighborhood.
Mennad doesn't talk very much.
Mennad was shy but when he opened up, he became very talkative.
The ribs are intact.
Mennad was super friendly.
Mennad has never drunk wine.
Mennad's hair got in his face.
Mennad was eating peanuts.
Mennad has just met that girl.
Mennad wasn't dressed.
Mennad was not dressed.
Mennad needed to change.
Mennad was dumb as fuck.
Mennad is drunk as shit.
Mennad hopped in Baya's car.
You're so funny, I was all in stitches.
Mennad is the same age as Baya.
Mennad called his mother.
Mennad called Baya's mother.
Mennad wanted to do that thing.
Mennad came to the party.
Mennad smoked a little bit more weed.
Mennad noticed his phone was dying.
Tom plays football with his friends after school almost every day.
Baya left her purse here.
Mennad got pulled aside by a cop.
That happened not to be so easy.
Mennad came to the bathroom with Baya.
Mennad was eating breakfast.
We were drinking.
Mennad and Baya were making out in the bathroom.
Mennad went to get his phone.
Mennad's phone was gone.
Mennad looked for his phone.
Mennad and Baya were looking for the phone.
Mennad was not helping Baya look for her phone.
Mennad noticed that Baya wasn't helping him look for his phone.
Mennad stole Baya's iPhone.
Mennad didn't know where his phone was.
The birds flew south.
Mennad can't explain what happened that night.
Mennad couldn't go back home.
Mennad was drunk as shit.
Baya was wearing a bra.
My son has a sweet tooth.
Should we stay home today?
I was lying still.
Just bring me a cola.
Mennad couldn't stay in Baya's house.
Mennad punished his daughter.
Mennad needs to end his job tonight.
Mennad will tell you everything in the morning.
Mennad was talking to his mom.
Mennad wasn't wearing clothes.
You're not saying anything. Got nothing to say?
Mennad and his mom will talk about this tomorrow.
Mennad didn't even take a shower.
Mennad sat on Baya's bed.
Mennad felt comfortable doing that.
Mennad kept saying Baya's name.
Mennad was tired of dating.
Mennad was a wreck.
Mennad lives in the capital.
Mennad hasn't heard from his friends in a long time.
Mennad's mom was so nice.
Mennad has Baya's money.
Mennad stole Baya's phone.
Mennad's phone was stolen at the party.
Baya tried on the dress.
Mennad found no order under Baya's name.
Mennad is trying his best not to curse.
Mennad never showed up at Baya's wedding.
Mennad revealed his true self.
Mennad has been working overtime hours at work.
Mennad got a new car.
Mennad is getting a new car next year.
Mennad is trying to buy a house.
Baya looks like a drag queen.
Baya looks like a man.
Baya kept her makeup light.
Baya doesn't wear a lot of makeup.
Baya's makeup is perfect.
Mennad doesn't mind waiting five minutes.
Mennad texted Baya last night.
Hello! My name is Peter. And you? What is your name?
In the family of Julius there is a large number of slaves, and a small number of children.
We are all mortal.
Mennad removed Baya from his life.
This window is wooden.
Do you see the arch?
You wrote nothing.
Our father sees the money.
He who does not work, does not eat.
Where is the Roman Empire?
Where is Medus going? He is going to Rome.
What is Sparta?
Who is Marcus visiting?
God wills it...
A king rules.
What? Only ten?
Mennad was the manager under Baya.
Mennad didn't say anything.
Mennad updated his availability.
Mennad never changed his availability.
Where did Cicero live?
Toki Pona is a good language.
Mennad isn't as nice as people think he is.
Mennad has been calling the store.
Mennad wasn't getting hours.
Mennad's availability has changed.
Mennad's availability changed.
Delia and Syra are two slave girls.
Mennad explainted everything to Baya.
Mennad didn't give hours to Baya.
Mennad didn't give Baya hours.
Mennad trained Baya.
Mennad hasn't been trained.
Mennad is the only one that hasn't been trained.
The wine is very good.
Mennad hasn't trained Baya.
Mennad was so irritated.
Mennad doesn't need to explain that.
Mennad wrote that down.
Mennad is enjoying his time here.
Mennad threw that in the trash.
Mennad wants to come back.
Baya graduated from cosmetology school.
Mennad came to visit us.
Mennad was so tired of being there.
Mennad hated every second of working there.
Mennad wants to work there.
Mennad looked up that on Google.
Mennad said that happened all the time.
I see a good boy.
Mennad wanted to quit.
Mennad wasn't making any money there.
Mennad was making no money there.
Mennad has to get creative.
Mennad had worked for Walmart before.
Mennad worked in a spa.
Mennad applied in two different Walmarts.
Mennad was feeling really good about it.
Mennad called me back in less than twenty-four hours.
Mennad called me six days later.
Mennad went to his first interview.
Mennad wants to come to the party.
Mennad offered Baya way more than her minimum wage.
Mennad made a lot of money.
Mennad is an employee there.
Mennad makes way less money than Baya.
Mennad's pay is different from Baya's.
Mennad is in a different wage category.
Mennad lives in an area where the cost of living is outrageous.
Mennad lives in an area where the cost of living is so high.
Mennad likes his co-workers.
Mennad is Baya's direct manager.
Mennad is very laid-back.
Mennad was very understanding during Baya's pregnancy.
Mennad is doing OK.
Mennad writes a desperate letter to the prosecutor.
Mennad refused to obey.
Mennad was a traitor.
Mennad wasn't the only one in danger.
Mennad was accused of treason.
Mennad did what his father wanted.
Mennad signed that piece of paper without even reading it.
Mennad betrayed his mother.
Mennad signed that document without even reading it.
Mennad didn't have a male heir.
Mennad remained unmarried.
Mennad was freed from his father's heavy hand.
Mennad didn't leave a will.
Mennad's estates were confiscated.
Mennad was one of the richest land owners in the country.
Tom played pinball.
Mennad worked at Walmart.
Mennad has had a pretty positive experience with Walmart.
Mennad decided to apply at six different Walmarts.
Mennad got the job.
Mennad got hired.
Mennad started working.
Mennad's wife was pregnant.
Mennad was very pleased for the wage offer.
Mennad was always willing to help people.
Mennad's store was always insanely busy.
Mennad is a very supportive husband.
Mennad's company brought in catered meals on holidays.
She can't put two words together in Spanish, yet she claims that she's at an intermediate level.
Baya was trying to build up a makeup kit.
He met Tom there.
We sang for them.
We used to work for her.
He picked flowers for them.
I did it for them.
I was happy for them.
She did everything for them.
Whenever she went to the bathroom, she would bring along a Mort & Phil comic book.
In the summer, I go to the sea, and in the winter, to the mountains.
I often go abroad.
That's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
Tom is our designated driver.
My French good enough to tell them what I need.
Tom is messing up everything.
Tom is messing everything up.
I've already told the police everything I know.
Tom is in most of my classes.
I was trying to think of something nice to say.
Tom is going to Mary's house.
I think you should change your profile picture.
I think that you should change your profile picture.
Tom is getting off the plane.
I've already told the police everything that I know.
Tom messed everything up.
Tom messed up everything.
Tom has messed everything up.
Pray ye to the Lord that the thunderings of God and the hail may cease: that I may let you go, and that ye may stay here no longer.
Moses said: As soon as I am gone out of the city, I will stretch forth my hands to the Lord, and the thunders shall cease, and the hail shall be no more: that thou mayst know that the earth is the Lord's.
But I know that neither thou, nor thy servants do yet fear the Lord God.
She is always careless about time.
He was taken off the team because of his injury.
Tom was notified on Monday.
Tom was caught cheating.
Tom was caught sneaking into a movie theater.
Tom has been in a slump lately.
I see your good son.
Thomas is an honourable man.
I go into the middle of the inn.
Their parents adore them.
Where did you hide my laptop?
I didn't know that Tom saw us.
Tom does that better than anybody else.
Where is the cash machine?
Where is the ATM?
Tom drives a red car.
Even Tom agreed to help.
Even Tom thinks that Mary is beautiful.
Even Tom thinks Mary is beautiful.
Even Tom said that he'd help.
Even Tom said he'd help.
Even Tom got there early.
Tom left last Monday.
Tom leapt from his seat.
Where did you put my laptop?
Make sure you leave yourself a margin when you estimate how long it will take.
Maria lost the ability to distinguish between reality and illusion.
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
How do you say your name?
The flax therefore, and the barley were hurt, because the barley was green, and the flax was now bolled; but the wheat, and other winter corn were not hurt, because they were lateward.
I will take it with me.
I am not going to Azerbaijan anymore.
The soldier was a patriot.
And when Moses was gone from Pharaoh out of the city, he stretched forth his hands to the Lord: and the thunders and the hail ceased, neither did there drop any more rain upon the earth.
Even if he had called me, I wouldn't have gone.
I don't know how much I owe my stepfather.
This is a demonstrative pronoun.
I intend to apply next year.
And Pharaoh seeing that the rain, and the hail, and the thunders were ceased, increased his sin: and his heart was hardened, and the heart of his servants, and it was made exceeding hard: neither did he let the children of Israel go, as the Lord had commanded by the hand of Moses.
Relax, everything is alright.
I wanted to learn various foreign languages but I still don't know which on to start with.
To go from the city of Rio to Niterói, you can take a boat.
I completed the activities.
In fact, I was very disappointed with your grades.
Does anyone know where my calculus book went?
I'm tired of playing.
The current educational system is transforming students into robots.
This is a bottle.
Mennad knows me in real life.
Mennad personally knows me.
Mennad didn't make a big deal out of it.
Mennad should leave that shit alone.
Mennad didn't make the same mistake that Baya did.
Mennad is my best friend.
Mennad is not exempt.
Mennad isn't exempt.
Mennad treated Baya like shit.
I read your book. It's quite interesting.
We'd like you to sing the song.
I like your cat, but she hates me.
The flag caught on fire.
Why have you forgotten the word?
Mennad has got a hair on his lip.
Mennad had a huge Canon camera.
Mennad went to middle school with Baya.
