Mennad is already on our team.
Mennad started posting his photos on Tumblr.
Mennad recommended Baya.
Mennad was always behind the camera.
Mennad took pictures of Baya.
Mennad and Baya took pictures together.
Mennad didn't have money for a camera.
Mennad was taking pictures.
Mennad was very judgmental, which is the complete opposite of Baya.
We are done for!
Mennad got into marijuana.
Mennad didn't have a problem with weed.
Can I have this cup?
Mennad got on a bus.
How long have you listened to your father?
Mennad doesn't smoke weed.
Mennad drinks wine every now and then.
Mennad doesn't do any illegal drugs.
Mennad's mother was very judgmental.
Where are the gorillas and zebras?
Mennad and Baya would take pictures together.
Mennad started emulating his friends.
Mennad valued his uniqueness.
Mennad valued his individuality.
Mennad had long hair.
Baya had natural hair.
May I open this box?
Mennad and Ziri started looking pretty similar.
Mennad is wearing the same thing as Ziri.
Mennad made me feel really awkward.
Mennad and Baya should take pictures together.
Mennad is fat.
Reading this book is easy.
Mennad called Baya fat.
Mennad was eating something.
Mennad laughed and called Baya fat.
Mennad posted the pictures on Tumblr.
Mennad isn't fat.
Mennad is really tall and thin.
Mennad saw Baya fat.
Mennad is handsome.
Mennad genuinely thought that Baya was fat.
Mennad wasn't fat but was curvy.
Mennad tried to brush it off.
Mennad wasn't saying that to Baya.
Mennad wondered why Baya was doing that.
Mennad isn't perfect and he fucks up.
Mennad was copying Ziri.
Mennad hurt Baya.
Mennad called Baya fat every day.
Mennad wrote anonymously.
Mennad was pissed.
Mennad regretted doing that.
Mennad needs to be his own self.
Mennad forgot to click.
Mennad forgot to click "send."
Mennad felt so disrespected.
Mennad should have just talked to Baya.
Mennad was just a kid.
Mennad shouldn't have gone down Baya's level.
Mennad made Baya feel bad.
Mennad hasn't told this story for nor eason.
Mennad said that in his video.
There is a word with that specific function.
Mennad should mind his fucking business.
Mennad met that girl in school.
This song is too repetitive.
The rumor went viral around Mennad's school.
I think it's not a problem in this case.
Mennad and Baya moved.
Mennad started hanging out with Baya.
He will definitely come.
Baya discovered that she was lesbian.
Mennad is bisexual.
And the Lord said to Moses: Go in to Pharaoh; for I have hardened his heart, and the heart of his servants: that I may work these my signs in him, and thou mayst tell in the ears of thy sons, and of thy grandsons, how often I have plagued the Egyptians, and wrought my signs amongst them: and you may know that I am the Lord.
Mennad is going to hell.
Mennad believes in God.
Mennad is going to be damned.
Mennad's video went viral.
Mennad is going to burn in eternal hellfire.
Mennad moved to that place.
Mennad has a girlfriend.
Mennad has gotten a girlfriend again.
Mennad was never single.
Mennad is never single.
Wow, you totally look like an artist.
Mennad has never been single.
Mennad is in college.
Mennad went to Cairo to see Baya from time to time.
Although he is busy, he can come.
Baya has been a lesbian for around six years now.
Sometimes I laugh.
Mennad kicked his daughter out because she was a lesbian.
Mennad called his mom.
Mennad is going to be homeless.
Mennad's parents kicked him out.
Mennad wasn't following the rules in the house.
Mennad wasn't following the rules.
Mennad was bawling and crying.
Mennad doesn't care what you say.
Have you ordered the food?
Mennad had so much love for that girl.
I think it is his intention.
Mennad is a good rapper.
Mennad and Baya went to the mall.
Mennad has just moved here from Cairo.
Mennad hates that.
Mennad knew that from the beginning.
Mennad is really trying me.
Mennad doesn't get what the issue is.
Mennad met Baya in June.
Mennad was living with a roommate.
Mennad kept in touch with Baya.
Mennad liked his roommates.
Mennad's daughter is a lesbian.
Get back to the lab.
Baya absorbed male attention.
Mennad used Ziri for attention.
Mennad felt bad for that girl.
Mennad was not ready to move to Cairo.
Mennad wasn't ready to move to Cairo.
Mennad didn't move to Cairo.
Mennad moved to Cairo.
Because of the thick fog, we could not see the signs clearly.
He is satisfied with the job.
Mennad was trying to get a job.
Mennad was smoking every single day.
Mennad needs to be an adult.
I think this objection is valid.
Mennad would always have those people over in his house.
Mennad drove all the way from Cairo to Alexandria.
I am losing my focus.
Mennad purcahsed a storage unit.
Mennad has bought a new car.
Mennad wasn't good at car shopping.
Mennad is driving from Cairo to Alexandria.
Mennad has a lot of shit.
Mennad wasn't trying to help his roommate at all.
I made a lot of money during the summer.
I'll drink.
He took all the responsibilities.
Are there a pen and paper here?
Mennad asked for help.
I haven't eaten anything.
Mennad doesn't want to help.
Mennad doesn't give a fuck.
Mennad was upset.
That is a side issue.
Mennad was driving the car.
Mennad was driving on the highway.
Mennad's car died.
He did not bring his glasses.
Mennad doesn't know anything about cars.
The fever has gone.
Few knew his name.
Kids are building sand castles on the beach.
No one in his class was able to solve the problem.
Mennad doesn't even have a job.
There is a large parking lot in front of the city hall.
Mennad wanted to live in a luxury apartment.
Mennad didn't have the means for that.
Mennad sleeps in the guest bedroom.
Mennad would not let Baya live with him.
Mennad wouldn't let Baya live with him.
Mennad taught Baya a lesson.
The landlord wants to raise the rent.
Mennad used to work a night shift from nine to midnight.
We cannot sleep due to the noise.
Mennad is monogamous.
The government is in control of the assembly.
Mennad is too cute.
Mennad wanted to be single.
Mennad's car broke down.
I would like to sit around the middle.
Today one of my colleagues talked about his job.
Mennad drinks a lot of milk.
He's always so cold.
Mennad has a lot of viewers on YouTube.
Mennad trusts Baya.
Baya is breastfeeding.
Mennad bleached his skin.
Mennad wanted to bleach his skin.
Mennad bought some almond milk.
We are what we think we are.
I am sincere in loving her.
Mennad has been hearing so many good things about that.
Mennad was fasting.
Mennad doesn't know what Ramadan means.
Mennad encouraged Baya to drink milk.
Mennad drank a cup of milk.
I like surfing on the internet.
Mennad is white.
The milk was green.
Mennad wondered why the milk was grey.
You have my permission to laugh.
Mennad went to see a doctor.
Mennad is an allergist.
Mennad is pretty healthy.
Mennad should be eating.
Mennad got rid of those scars.
Mennad wanted Baya to know.
The milk wasn't expired.
Mennad only had that milk for a week.
Mennad was eating his cereal.
Mennad has milk in his house.
The milk got cloggy.
Mennad threw that milk away.
Mennad drinks whole milk.
Mennad had an allergic reaction to the milk.
Look at that guy's car.
Mennad had a bad dream.
Mennad had a weird dream.
Mennad woke up abruptly.
Mennad was chasing me.
Mennad touched Baya's hand.
Mennad was still freaked out.
Mennad was screaming at the top of his lungs.
Therefore Moses and Aaron went in to Pharaoh, and said to him: Thus saith the Lord God of the Hebrews: How long refusest thou to submit to me? let my people go, to sacrifice to me.
But if thou resist, and wilt not let them go, behold I will bring in to-morrow the locusts into thy coasts, to cover the face of the earth, that nothing thereof may appear, but that which the hail hath left may be eaten: for they shall feed upon all the trees that spring in the fields.
I haven't even told you the most important thing.
And they shall fill thy houses, and the houses of thy servants, and of all the Egyptians: such a number as thy fathers have not seen, nor thy grandfathers, from the time they were first upon the earth, until this present day. And he turned himself away, and went forth from Pharaoh.
I really feel like eating Chinese food tonight.
Tom is focused on his career.
We're better off than we were three years ago.
Tom is at the fair with Mary.
We were powerless to do anything to stop that.
Tom is an outstanding artist.
I knew Tom wasn't very good at playing the flute.
I have two hands.
Tom will likely be biased.
That money isn't yours.
It's easy to read.
He walks often.
That book is easy to read.
Tom hasn't yet even kissed Mary.
This money isn't mine.
We didn't get married in a church.
We can't live together.
You can't stay here without supervision.
And Pharaoh's servants said to him: How long shall we endure this scandal? Iet the men go to sacrifice to the Lord their God. Dost thou not see that Egypt is undone?
Tom never should've kissed Mary.
Tom never should've tried to do that.
I'm not used to things like this.
Tom got dirty.
Tom is the man's name.
Tom is the boy's name.
Tom is a male name.
Mary is a woman's name.
Mary is a girl's name.
Mary is a female name.
Tom is a boy's name.
Tom is a man's name.
Tom complained about the exam.
Tom complained about the test.
What made you think that was the case?
I know Tom was born in Australia.
I know that Tom was born in Australia.
When will I get my car back?
I asked everybody what that was.
I asked Tom what that is.
And they called back Moses, and Aaron, to Pharaoh; and he said to them: Go, sacrifice to the Lord your God: who are they that shall go?
The boy's name is Tom.
We have to drive back home to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is an incredible athlete.
This is the moment we've all been waiting for.
Tom is always kind to others.
What made you think that that was the case?
Moses said: We will go with our young and old, with our sons and daughters, with our sheep and herds: for it is the solemnity of the Lord our God.
And Pharaoh answered: So be the Lord with you, as I shall let you and your children go: who can doubt but that you intend some great evil? It shall not be so, but go ye men only, and sacrifice to the Lord: for this yourselves also desired. And immediately they were cast out from Pharaoh's presence.
Time is ruthless.
And the Lord said to Moses: Stretch forth thy hand upon the land of Egypt unto the locust, that it come upon it, and devour every herb that is left after the hail.
That girl behaved like a spoiled child towards her mother.
Tom lives in a hovel.
Tom is living in a cockroach-infested apartment.
Tom is an exterminator.
Mennad can't remember that.
Mennad will know soon.
Mennad hit the desk.
Mennad was drafted into the army.
Mennad has a son my age.
Mennad married my aunt.
Mennad grew up in Leon, Florida.
Mennad sold bicycles.
Mennad sells bicycles.
Mennad has a bicycle store.
Mennad was eating ice cream.
Mennad graduated in 2006.
Mennad was talking about that car.
Mennad was smoking in his car.
Mennad doesn't know what's wrong with his car.
And Moses stretched forth his rod upon the land of Egypt: and the Lord brought a burning wind all that day, and night; and when it was morning, the burning wind raised the locusts. And they came up over the whole land of Egypt; and rested in all the coasts of the Egyptians, innumerable, the like as had not been before that time, nor shall be hereafter.
Mennad loves his brother to death.
Mennad's abuse was unbearable.
Mennad did all those bad things to Baya.
Mennad loves his dad.
Mennad started dating his ex again.
Mennad went after Baya.
Mennad had sex with Baya.
Mennad got an Instagram message from Baya.
Mennad remembers Baya from the party.
Mennad lives close to Baya.
Mennad and Baya can hang out.
Mennad met somebody.
Mennad met a girl.
Mennad smoked some weed.
Mennad doesn't smoke weed now.
Mennad has good breath.
Mennad's feet smell.
Mennad has known Baya's brother for years.
Mennad's younger brother knew Baya's younger brother.
Mennad worked nights.
Mennad left work at six.
Mennad can come over to watch a movie with us.
Mennad and Baya weren't even boyfriend and girlfriend.
Mennad and Baya never hung out anywhere else except for that school.
Mennad and Baya were going to have sex.
Mennad said that Baya wasn't a virgin.
Baya didn't lose her virginity.
Mennad was touching on Baya.
Mennad was very aggressive.
Mennad and Baya are having sex.
Mennad was fucking Baya.
Mennad is fucking Baya.
Mennad hurt so bad.
Mennad and Baya finished having sex.
Mennad can't fall asleep here.
Mennad and Baya's relationship started at the party.
Mennad went to a fast food restaurant.
Mennad cheated on Baya.
Mennad knew that Baya was cheating on him.
Mennad has never betrayed Baya's trust.
Mennad didn't believe that Baya had been cheating on him.
Mennad is wearing a tunic.
Mennad and Baya are in a relationship.
Mennad is the only person Baya had ever had sex with.
Mennad thought that Baya had been cheating on him again.
Mennad would never let Baya see his phone.
Mennad was on his phone.
Mennad never let Baya see his phone.
Mennad is talking about his business.
Mennad put his hands on Baya.
Consider, once more, the universal cannibalism of the sea; all whose creatures prey upon each other, carrying on eternal war since the world began.
Mennad was getting weed from that guy.
Mennad is a grown-ass man.
Mennad went out of the car.
Mennad left his phone in the car.
Mennad's phone was unlocked.
Mennad was talking to six girls at once.
Mennad looked at the messages.
Mennad's messages were sexual.
Mennad kept cheating on Baya.
Mennad is sixteen.
Mennad doesn't remember how old he was at the time.
Mennad was cheating on Baya so much.
Mennad is going to cheat on Baya.
Mennad needs to leave.
Mennad walked back to his car.
Mennad threw the phone at Baya.
Mennad saw the phone in Baya's hand.
Mennad is cheating on Baya again.
Mennad doesn't know what is wrong with Baya.
Mennad never stalked Baya again.
Mennad drove Baya home.
Mennad was crying.
Mennad can't stand Baya.
Mennad was driving.
Mennad didn't even want Baya to drive him.
Mennad got Baya out of the car.
Mennad was about to yell.
Mennad let Baya out of the car.
Mennad felt something hit his face so hard.
Mennad hit Baya twice.
Mennad remembers sitting there.
Mennad started bawling.
Mennad started crying.
Why would Mennad hit Baya?
Mennad was still driving.
Mennad was hysterical.
Mennad started kicking Baya's car.
Mennad's car is still running.
Mennad charged at Baya.
Mennad grabbed Baya's arm.
Mennad is just yelling.
Mennad started banging on the door.
Mennad hoped that somebody would hear him.
Mennad got involved.
Mennad linked the page in the comment.
Mennad was just screaming.
Mennad kept yelling.
Mennad got off Baya.
Mennad was holding his face.
Mennad's face was swollen.
Mennad saw how Baya was looking.
Mennad pulled out a pocket knife.
Mennad closed the door.
Mennad doesn't know what happened after that.
Mennad was in so much shock.
Mennad was waiting for Baya to come back inside.
Mennad got hit.
Mennad was emotional.
Mennad was angry.
Mennad was sad.
Mennad felt so shitty.
Mennad came back in the house.
Mennad told Baya everything.
Mennad hit Baya while she was driving.
Mennad completely understand that.
Both of us could have died.
Mennad lost the control of the car.
Mennad never lies.
Mennad was never allowed in Baya's house.
Mennad started hanging out with Ziri and Baya.
Mennad told my whole family.
Mennad felt really embarrassed about the whole thing.
Mennad couldn't tell his friend.
All of Mennad's friends knew that Baya was cheating on him.
Mennad fucks Baya.
Mennad doesn't want to talk to Baya.
Mennad was losing more weight.
Mennad kept trying to call Baya.
Mennad is going to call the cops.
Mennad kept trying.
Mennad will never hit Baya again.
Mennad took Baya back.
Mennad was very manipulative.
Mennad didn't punch Baya.
Mennad slapped Baya.
Mennad just slapped Baya.
Mennad doesn't care who it is.
Mennad loves Baya.
Mennad doesn't even want to do that.
Mennad didn't see that.
Mennad didn't punch me.
Mennad shouldn't have gone through Baya's phone.
Mennad didn't tell Baya's family.
Mennad wanted to be better.
Mennad knew that Baya took Ziri back.
Mennad didn't tell her.
Mennad was so embarrassed.
Mennad got cheated on.
Mennad was physically abused.
Mennad's physical abuse got worse.
Mennad was young.
Mennad's abuse got worse.
Mennad slept with other girls.
Mennad spoke about that publicly.
Mennad doesn't talk about his mental state.
Mennad's drinking got worse.
Mennad mentally fucked Baya up.
Mennad fucked Baya up.
Mennad's addictions got worse.
Mennad was going through an angry manic state.
Mennad was laughing at Baya.
Mennad had a mental breakdown.
Mennad wanted to harm himself.
Mennad wanted to kill himself.
Mennad never showed any type of affection towards Baya.
Mennad and Baya never kissed in public.
Mennad and Baya didn't really have sex.
Mennad didn't feel he loved Baya.
Mennad said that he loved Baya but it just felt so dead.
Mennad would never let Baya leave.
Mennad didn't let Baya leave.
Mennad is going to be alone for ever.
Mennad is going to die alone.
Mennad used Baya's car.
Mennad went to pick up Baya.
I need a new pair of trainers.
Mennad is a very confrontational person.
Mennad wanted to forget how fucked he felt on the inside.
Mennad let Baya do whatever she wanted.
Mennad was so embarrassed to let anybody know about his depression.
Mennad never put his hands on Baya.
Mennad doesn't remember what the argument was about.
Mennad and Baya's argument started off at the library.
Mennad is a taurus.
Mennad's opinions were so black and white.
Mennad couldn't control Baya's opinions.
Mennad and Baya butted heads about racism.
Mennad and Baya are both biracial.
Mennad's mother isn't black.
Mennad said very racist things about Jews.
Aart said very racist things about Jewish people.
Mennad is black.
Mennad is black whether he wants to believe it or not.
Mennad's mother is a black woman.
Mennad's mother is black.
Mennad said very offensive things about women.
There was really something fun about Mennad.
Mennad was yelling back at Baya.
Mennad was yelling at Baya.
Mennad called Baya slut.
Mennad would call Baya fat all the time.
Mennad would call Baya slut all the time.
Mennad has two ear piercing.
Mennad's ear piercing is healing.
Mennad's ear was bleeding.
Mennad felt his heart beat in his ear.
Mennad was so shock.
Mennad thought Baya would not hit him again.
Mennad just smacked Baya.
Mennad didn't put his hands on Baya.
Mennad got tired.
Mennad started swinging.
Mennad started hitting Baya.
Mennad snatched Baya's car keys.
Mennad isn't going to put his hands on Baya anymore.
Mennad is bleeding.
Mennad wanted to go home.
Mennad is over it.
Mennad is done.
Mennad doesn't want to play this game anymore.
Mennad took Baya's car.
Mennad came back.
Mennad's ears were bleeding.
Mennad doesn't do this anymore.
Mennad wanted to burn Baya's car.
Mennad never cheated on Baya.
Mennad let Baya drive his car.
Mennad is crying.
Mennad was dying laughing in Baya's face.
Mennad just wanted to get out of that situation.
Mennad wanted so desperately to walk away.
Mennad took the keys.
Mennad ran away.
Mennad hid somewhere.
Mennad started to run.
Mennad ran after Baya.
Mennad didn't expect Baya to run after him.
Mennad vomitted on himself.
Mennad vomitted on the grass.
Mennad vomitted on his shirt.
Mennad let Baya go home.
Mennad's neighbors are starting to come out.
Mennad came out of the house.
Mennad shouldn't have done that.
Mennad didn't want to go home.
Mennad slept in his car.
Mennad's car was not far away.
Mennad's car wasn't far away.
Mennad called Baya crying.
Mennad won't try anything.
Mennad knows Baya hates him.
Baya is Mennad's girlfriend.
Mennad and Baya are together.
Mennad was done.
Mennad was so possessive.
Mennad wanted to embarrass Baya.
Nobody told Mennad.
Mennad needed to leave.
Mennad took his medication.
Mennad went to take his medication.
Mennad is a shit parent.
Mennad didn't go over there.
Mennad was ugly.
Mennad was talking to girls.
Mennad and Baya are talking.
Mennad met Baya in 2006.
Mennad wouldn't leave Baya alone.
Baya is still Mennad's girlfriend.
Mennad was so miserable with Baya.
Mennad was Baya's complete opposite.
Mennad has the same views as Baya.
Mennad wanted to live with Baya.
Mennad showed up.
Mennad knew that something was up.
Mennad was scared of Baya.
Mennad would never do that to another dude.
Mennad loves bitches.
Mennad came into Baya's life.
Mennad needs to leave Baya alone.
Mennad backed off.
Mennad showed Baya where I lived.
Mennad and Baya are not going to be friends again.
Mennad and Baya aren't going to be friends again.
Mennad first put his hands on Baya when she was pregnant.
Mennad wanted to beat Baya's ass.
Mennad felt so intimidated.
Mennad doesn't care what Baya says.
Mennad isn't welcome here.
Mennad is not welcome here.
Mennad told me that.
Mennad was raised by a single mom.
Mennad witnessed domestic violence when he was a child.
Mennad doesn't want to do that.
Mennad never comes to Baya's house anymore.
Mennad dated numerous young girls.
Mennad smashed a sixteen year old.
Mennad used to be that boy.
Baya used to be that girl.
Mennad never reached out to Baya.
Mennad is happy now.
Mennad is really happy.
Mennad is with a girl right now.
Mennad fucked up.
Mennad is ready for a serious relationship.
Mennad had Baya take naked photos.
Mennad posted Baya's naked photos on Twitter.
Mennad felt bad for Baya.
Mennad was making a good amount of money.
Mennad helped Baya get a job.
Mennad is so tired of being around Baya.
Mennad is so depressed.
Mennad had a good-paying job.
Mennad never knew the full extent of how fucked-up Baya's life was.
Mennad was OK.
Mennad is just over it. He's done.
Mennad has to leave.
Mennad left.
Mennad isn't feeling it.
Mennad is not feeling it.
Mennad doesn't want to be married with this woman.
Mennad doesn't want to have kids with this woman.
Mennad doesn't like this person.
Mennad doesn't like this woman.
Mennad went through the same thing as Baya.
Mennad would be surprised.
Mennad's stories are therapeutic.
Mennad appreciated that.
Mennad is a hopeless romantic.
Mennad is strong.
Mennad hasn't been depressed in six years.
Mennad wanted to eliminate all the negativity in his life.
Mennad needs to love himself above everything else.
Mennad's son is a bundle of joy.
Mennad wanted Baya to do his job.
Mennad's son was just a bundle of joy.
Mennad expected Baya to take care of his children.
Mennad felt so bad.
Mennad started doubting himself.
Mennad started feeling lonely.
And they covered the whole face of the earth, wasting all things. And the grass of the earth was devoured, and what fruits soever were on the trees, which the hail had left; and there remained not any thing that was green on the trees, or in the herbs of the earth, in all Egypt.
Mennad saw pillows there.
Mennad took the pillows to his room.
Mennad grabbed the pillows and took them to his room.
Mennad's TV is on that shelf.
Mennad left Baya a message.
Mennad would never leave his room.
Mennad started cutting his thighs.
Mennad started cutting his wrists.
Baya started wearing skirts.
Mennad spoke about his depression and hopelessness.
Mennad knows what Baya told Ziri.
Mennad just listened.
Mennad has that letter with him.
Mennad would like to read the letter to Baya.
Mennad isn't smart enough.
Mennad thought that his entire life was completely in his control.
Mennad felt that he had control on his entire life.
Mennad's depression was very serious.
Mennad and Baya went to college together.
Mennad suffers from depression.
Mennad used to suffer from anxiety.
Mennad suffered from depression.
Mennad doesn't want to be labeled the "guy who was depressed."
Mennad needed to go to the doctor.
Mennad's depression started when he was really young.
Mennad always has those mood swings.
Mennad always felt unwanted as a child.
Mennad was being bullied.
Mennad did that to Baya.
Mennad was really skinny when he was younger.
Mennad was so skinny.
Mennad thought there was something wrong with him.
Mennad kept saying that.
Mennad needs to eat.
Mennad needs to grow.
Mennad felt worse.
Mennad doesn't love Baya.
Mennad was feeling like he wasn't being loved.
Mennad doesn't know what's wrong with him.
Mennad was eating rice.
Mennad was emotionally detached from his siblings.
Mennad was emotionally detached from his parents.
Mennad was emotionally detached from Baya.
Mennad was hard to deal with.
Mennad's depression was hard to deal with.
Mennad was beautiful.
Mennad was handsome.
Mennad told Baya she was beautiful.
Baya is so pretty.
Mennad doesn't like compliment.
Mennad was born in June.
Mennad always treated Baya differently from me.
Mennad looked more like his dad than his brother did.
Mennad loved being outside.
Mennad loved being at school.
Mennad felt depressed.
Mennad was feeling depressed.
Mennad hurriedly cleaned his room up.
Mennad cleaned his room up.
Mennad didn't really understand.
Mennad wondered why Baya loved Ziri but not him.
Mennad has turned out to be a total asshole.
Mennad's mom has got a new boyfriend.
Mennad needs you.
Mennad is watching.
Mennad didn't know how to express his feeling.
Mennad moved away.
Mennad was Baya's crutch.
Mennad helped Baya be strong.
Mennad still has his friends.
Mennad had lashes on his legs.
Mennad had bruises on his legs.
Mennad loves his sister to death.
Mennad is in high school.
Mennad was in elementary.
Mennad was dating that girl in middle school.
The break up tore Mennad apart.
Mennad didn't tell Baya about his depression.
Mennad and Baya used to argue a lot.
Mennad tried to jump off his apartment building.
Mennad tried to stop Baya.
Mennad didn't care to hear about that.
Mennad didn't care.
Mennad just got tired of that.
Mennad was mad at Baya every day.
Wherefore Pharaoh in haste called Moses and Aaron, and said to them: I have sinned against the Lord your God, and against you. But now forgive me my sin this time also, and pray to the Lord your God, that he take away from me this death.
Why aren't you going to work today?
And Moses going forth from the presence of Pharaoh, prayed to the Lord. And he made a very strong wind to blow from the west, and it took the locusts and cast them into the Red Sea: there remained not so much as one in all the coasts of Egypt.
And the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart, neither did he let the children of Israel go.
And the Lord said to Moses: Stretch out thy hand towards heaven: and may there be darkness upon the land of Egypt so thick that it may be felt.
The killer has everything covered.
The post office is in the next building.
I'm just an average person.
And Moses stretched forth his hand towards heaven: and there came horrible darkness in all the land of Egypt for three days.
No man saw his brother, nor moved himself out of the place where he was: but wheresoever the children of Israel dwelt, there was light.
We should be in a position to help you.
And Pharaoh called Moses and Aaron, and said to them: Go, sacrifice to the Lord: let your sheep only, and herds remain, let your children go with you.
Moses said: Thou shalt give us also sacrifices and burnt-offerings, to the Lord our God. All the flocks shall go with us; there shall not a hoof remain of them: for they are necessary for the service of the Lord our God: especially as we know not what must be offered, till we come to the very place.
My mother and father were both born in Boston.
Both my mother and father were born in Boston.
Tom is almost ready to start.
I didn't know how to deal with that situation.
Tom is about three years old.
I can't wait to see you guys again in October.
Tom is a thirty-year-old man.
I know why Tom gets sleepy.
I wonder why Tom always looks sleepy.
And the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart, and he would not let them go.
I think Tom was humiliated.
Tom showed Mary the map.
The driver kicked Tom off the bus.
I think that I've convinced Tom.
I got a glass of water for Tom.
Tom hasn't yet come of age.
Tom says the party's over.
Two subtracted from seven is five.
Tom said you had come.
Tom said that you had come.
Tom thought about committing suicide.
Tom got to work late.
Tom is a very bad dancer.
If Tom leaves, I'll leave, too.
I feel Tom's presence here.
Tom made a mistake that cost him his life.
Tom made a very serious mistake.
I can't understand why anyone would wear a jumpsuit.
I saved Tom a seat.
You might not like this book.
There's a chance that you won't like this book.
There's a chance you won't like this book.
You won't likely like this book.
You probably won't like this book.
No life is too small to save.
That was the first time I'd ever seen Tom cry.
That was the first time that I'd ever seen Tom cry.
I waited an hour at the bank.
I waited at the gate for an hour.
Tom said he was so sorry.
Doing it that way would be overkill.
I doubt Tom is still sore.
I doubt that Tom is still sore.
Where's the ATM?
The best-known transcendental numbers are π and e.
The set of real numbers is uncountable, and, therefore, it's larger than the set of rational numbers.
And Pharaoh said to Moses: Get thee from me, and beware thou see not my face any more: in what day soever thou shalt come in my sight, thou shalt die.
Moses answered: So shall it be as thou hast spoken, I will not see thy face anymore.
Are you going to the dentist?
I am living a nightmare.
She is a little shy, don't you think?
I need a coffee.
Do you want me to pick you up at the bus station?
And the Lord said to Moses: Yet one plague more will I bring upon Pharaoh and Egypt, and after that he shall let you go, and thrust you out.
I don't believe that you only bought that.
Animals are hard to film in the wild.
Mennad talked about his depression.
Mennad decided to make a video about this.
Mennad has decided to make a video about this.
Mennad decided to go ahead and film the video.
Mennad is basically suicidal.
Mennad is watching the show.
Mennad was watching the show.
Mennad's story was the main focus of the show.
Amelia is in the peristyle with Marcus, Quintus and Julia.
Mennad had suicidal thoughts.
Mennad found that particularly hard.
Mennad found that very hard.
Mennad didn't go through what I went through.
Mennad is going through what I'm going through.
Mennad found that really hard.
Mennad doesn't want to get attention.
My house is neither big nor small.
Mennad didn't watch the video.
Mennad has a problem with this.
Mennad doesn't take this lightly.
Mennad wanted some attention.
Mennad wants attention.
Mennad wanted attention.
Mennad knew about Baya's depression.
Julia does not see Amelia.
Mennad and his girlfriend lived together.
Mennad came out and told us everything.
Mennad didn't know.
Mennad and Baya know.
Mennad and Baya are really close friends.
Mennad did research.
Mennad did some research.
Mennad never decided to go to the doctor about this.
Mennad's depression started when he was younger.
Mennad felt unwanted.
Mennad's depression was triggered by Ziri's bullying at school.
Mennad thought there was something wrong with Baya.
Julius placed one coin in David's sack.
They seem to have thought of something else.
David is not Medus' friend, for a good slave and a bad slave are not friends, but enemies.
Corsica, Sardinia and Sicily are islands.
Julius is at home with his slaves - and is now not my master!
Mennad felt OK.
Mennad doesn't love me.
Mennad was feeling like he wasn't being loved the right way.
Mennad wondered what was wrong with him.
Mennad was trying not to cry.
Mennad was emotionally detached from his mom.
Mennad was emotionally detached from his cousins.
Mennad said he cared.
Mennad found that hard to deal with.
Mennad has a grandma.
Mennad has his grandma.
Mennad said that Baya was beautiful.
Look, a beautiful girl with some pretty flowers!
Baya was so pretty.
Mennad doesn't like compliments.
Mennad couldn't take compliments.
Mennad thought Baya as lying to him.
Mennad never said that.
That's how Mennad really felt.
Mennad has had depression from his younger years.
Mennad's depression got really worse in high school.
Mennad is too fat.
Mennad went from being super skinny to being super fat.
Mennad wondered why that was happening to him.
Mennad and his sister are really close.
Mennad and Baya are a year and a half apart in birth.
Mennad and Baya are very close.
Mennad hates Baya because she's a girl.
Mennad hates girls.
Mennad hated being home.
Mennad got home.
Mennad doesn't even exist.
Mennad feels depressed.
Mennad destroyed his own room.
Mennad hurried up and cleaned his room up.
Mennad wondered why his mom loved Ziri and not him.
Mennad was bullied a lot.
Mennad made so many friends at high school.
Mennad made so many friends.
Mennad didn't know who he was.
Mennad slowly started to grow a little bit more confident.
Mennad got bullied a lot.
Mennad made my life miserable every day.
Mennad had that class, too.
Mennad moved there.
Mennad moved there in 2006.
Mennad felt neglected.
Mennad attacked Baya in class.
Mennad attacked Baya in front of everybody.
Mennad got a little better.
Mennad left that at home.
Baya had a boyfriend.
Mennad made Baya feel better about herself.
Mennad felt better.
Mennad is a really bad person towards Baya.
Mennad was a really bad person towards his siblings.
Baya was dating that guy.
Mennad didn't tell us why.
Mennad was so weird at school.
Mennad didn't express his feelings.
Mennad was never taught how to express his feelings.
Mennad never learned how to express his feelings properly.
Mennad met more friend at high school.
Mennad and Baya moved away.
Mennad can't do this by himself.
Mennad's depression is getting worse.
Mennad still has his friend.
Mennad and Baya separated.
Mennad was still the same person.
Mennad was there.
Mennad was crying all the time.
Mennad was so depressed.
Mennad is a horrible person.
Mennad went to a new high school.
Baya was super sweet.
Mennad was super sweet.
Mennad was a very nice guy.
Mennad can't handle this anymore.
Mennad couldn't push himself to do that.
Mennad's sister was there at that time.
Mennad didn't know how to deal with that.
Mennad couldn't do this by himself.
Mennad was in a horrible situation.
Mennad switched schools.
Mennad and Baya were best friends.
Mennad disliked me for no reason.
Mennad disliked Baya for no reason.
Now Mennad has more people disliking him.
Mennad got through it.
Mennad kind of got through it.
Mennad told the story without giving names.
Mennad is a close family member.
Baya never felt she was worth anything.
Baya never felt beautiful.
Mennad never felt loved.
Mennad felt loved.
Mennad is my stepdad.
Mennad used to abuse Baya.
Mennad's stepdad used to abuse him.
Mennad failed the test.
Mennad failed the spelling test.
Mennad punished his stepdaughter.
Mennad understood that when he got older.
Mennad tried to figure that out.
Tom hates hot weather.
Mennad couldn't tell his teacher.
Mennad spanked his children.
Mennad was broken.
Mennad wasn't able to tell his dad.
Mennad used to see his dad.
Mennad was holding this a secret from his mom.
Mennad didn't want his parents to fight because of him.
Mennad's sister died.
Mennad loves his sisters to death.
Mennad was still in elementary.
Mennad still cares.
Mennad died first.
Mennad fell in love.
Mennad and Baya broke up.
Mennad was torn apart.
Mennad didn't tell his father about his depression.
Mennad and Baya were arguing a lot.
Mennad doesn't want to live like this anymore.
Mennad wants to go.
Mennad wants to leave.
Mennad stopped me.
Mennad tried to talk to me.
Mennad didn't want to hear it.
Mennad didn't care to hear about it.
Mennad and Baya stayed together.
Mennad got tired of being mad at everyone for no reason.
Mennad didn't stay home much.
Mennad and Baya were dating.
Mennad wasn't allowed to stay there.
Mennad is already there.
Mennad doesn't want to go home.
Mennad decided he didn't want to deal with that.
Mennad abandoned us.
Mennad left us.
This affected Mennad growing up.
Mennad and Baya didn't have a relationship.
Mennad couldn't even talk.
Mennad and Baya couldn't even have a good and decent conversation.
Mennad couldn't talk to Baya about certain things.
Mennad is going through all this and can't even talk to his parents.
Mennad couldn't face this.
Mennad tried to swallow a bottle of pills.
Mennad made Baya spit the pills out.
Mennad treated his children that way.
Mennad said he loved me.
Mennad wondered how Baya could treat her children like that.
Mennad has finally come up here to Cairo.
Mennad knew something was wrong.
Mennad tried to cover everything up.
Mennad said he was so depressed.
Mennad would just cry all the time.
Mennad would just cry the whole day.
Mennad's life was over.
Mennad knew that his life was over.
Mennad and Baya moved in together.
Mennad didn't know what he was supposed to do with that.
Mennad didn't know what he was supposed to do with that kid.
Mennad chose a name for his daughter.
Mennad decided to name his daughter Baya.
Mennad wanted to give Baya a new life.
Mennad gave Baya something to live for.
Mennad needed Baya to save him.
Mennad knew that Baya was going to love him no matter what.
Mennad and Baya had separation anxiety. They didn't like to be apart.
Mennad needed Baya to make him strong.
Mennad was using Baya as a crutch. She supported him through everything.
Mennad made me happy.
Mennad started to realize how much of a beautiful person Baya was.
Mennad helped Baya find her way out of being depressed all the time.
Mennad doesn't have to do anything.
Mennad and Baya have a kid.
Mennad and Baya had a kid together.
Mennad is filming now.
Mennad is such an important part of my life.
Mennad is the reason why I wake up every day.
Mennad is my little brother.
Mennad loves Baya so much.
Mennad influenced Baya's life.
Mennad and Baya can communicate better now.
Mennad and Baya are living life together.
Mennad is so happy he has Baya.
Mennad told us that he was OK.
Mennad was hit by depression.
Mennad wouldn't do that to himself.
Mennad was traumatized.
Mennad isn't crazy.
Mennad really does live Baya.
Mennad's depression affected us all.
Mennad should go to the doctor.
Mennad doesn't take medication.
It's not Mennad's fault.
Mennad feels so much better now.
Mennad has amazing friends.
Mennad can call his friends.
Mennad can get help.
Mennad found a good group of friends that supported him through his depression.
Mennad has such amazing friends.
Mennad has always been there for me.
Mennad wanted to share this with us.
Mennad doesn't cry anymore.
Mennad does not cry anymore.
Mennad cried so much.
Mennad made another video.
Mennad spoke about his depression.
Mennad is not here for that.
Mennad never let us in on his life.
Mennand wanted to let Baya in a little bit on his life.
Mennad can help Baya.
Mennad wanted to help Baya.
Mennad wants to help Baya.
Therefore thou shalt tell all the people, that every man ask of his friend, and every woman of her neighbour, vessels of silver and of gold.
And the Lord will give favour to his people in the sight of the Egyptians. And Moses was a very great man in the land of Egypt, in the sight of Pharaoh's servants, and of all the people.
Unfortunately, I know how these things usually end.
I don't want to miss it.
I need to meet with my sons-in-law.
I'm getting to know many women.
I drank so much that I vomited.
Tom is a friend of my wife's.
This knife was given to me by my grandfather.
This is the knife that my grandfather gave me.
This is the knife that I got from my grandfather.
Tom is a loser just like you.
My French isn't good enough to explain the problem.
Mr. Jackson was my science teacher last year.
Tom is a French teacher, too.
Mary wanted to find out who sent her flowers.
Tom is John's identical twin.
Tom said that as a joke.
I think that Tom was heroic.
I think Tom was heroic.
And he said: Thus saith the Lord: At midnight I will enter into Egypt. And every firstborn in the land of the Egyptians shall die, from the firstborn of Pharaoh who sitteth on his throne, even to the firstborn of the handmaid that is at the mill, and all the firstborn of beasts.
I drank so much that I threw up.
I'm sure that Tom won't like the wine that you brought.
I'm sure that Tom won't like the wine you brought.
I know that Tom won't like the wine that you brought.
I know Tom won't like the wine that you brought.
And there shall be a great cry in all the land of Egypt, such as neither hath been before, nor shall be hereafter.
But with all the children of Israel there shall not a dog make the least noise, from man even to beast; that you may know how wonderful a difference the Lord maketh between the Egyptians and Israel.
Tom came back one hour later.
Tom knew that the police were following him.
Tom knew the police were following him.
And all these thy servants shall come down to me, and shall worship me, saying: Go forth thou, and all the people that is under thee: after that we will go out. And he went out from Pharaoh exceeding angry.
I just let Tom do his own thing.
Tom walked Mary back to her apartment.
Esperanto is a key to peace.
The dog began to bark at him.
But the Lord said to Moses: Pharaoh will not hear you, that many signs may be done in the land of Egypt.
And Moses and Aaron did all the wonders that are written, before Pharaoh. And the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart, neither did he let the children of Israel go out of his land.
I don't recognize her.
And the Lord said to Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt: This month shall be to you the beginning of months; it shall be the first in the months of the year.
Speak ye to the whole assembly of the children of Israel, and say to them: On the tenth day of this month let every man take a lamb by their families and houses.
He is of the best known philosophers of modern times.
Tom was seventeen when he started working.
I don't know how to thank you for the great service you have done.
He simply failed to start.
It's important to know who will do what.
I don't want to become Tom's wife.
Perhaps you feel alone in the middle of a hundred people.
Sebastian has been married for three days already.
Shall I calmly tolerate this?
I'm satisfied with everything and don't want to change anything.
Supply creates its own demand.
But if the number be less than may suffice to eat the lamb, he shall take unto him his neighbour that joineth to his house, according to the number of souls which may be enough to eat the lamb.
There's no way to get off the island.
I don't understand what you're trying to accomplish.
I don't understand what you're trying to achieve.
I ate so much my stomach was about to burst.
Lightning is an electrical discharge.
The battery in the watch had run down.
Glass is transparent.
And it shall be a lamb without blemish, a male, of one year; according to which rite also you shall take a kid. And you shall keep it until the fourteenth day of this month; and the whole multitude of the children of Israel shall sacrifice it in the evening.
Mary wore an anklet.
And they shall take of the blood thereof, and put it upon both the side posts, and on the upper door posts of the houses, wherein they shall eat it. And they shall eat the flesh that night roasted at the fire, and unleavened bread with wild lettuce.
It's important to know who'll do what.
It's important to know what has to be done.
It looks like you have some explaining to do.
Tom has a three-year-old son.
It was fairly easy for me to find your place.
It's important for us to get there on time.
It's important for us to get this done today.
Tom claims he's telepathic.
Tom married a woman older than himself.
Be careful not to slip on the ice.
After graduating from college, Tom moved to Boston.
Tom married a woman older than he is.
Hope is an illusion.
She was hired to play in her nation's handball team.
Would you be so kind as to tell me why an old man like me has to show ID, here in Boston, just because I ordered a beer?
The entire audience sang along with us.
The whole audience sang along with us.
The audience sang along with us.
Tom sang along with us.
I didn't blame you.
How many eggs did Tom eat?
How many eggs did Tom buy?
I didn't show Tom how to do that.
I didn't think that Tom knew how to do that.
What size shoes do you think Tom wears?
I helped Tom find a place to sit.
I hope that Tom gets here soon.
I need to do this by myself.
I shouldn't have told Tom where I live.
I think that Tom won't be at today's meeting.
I think Tom won't be at today's meeting.
I want Tom to do that with us.
I wasn't able to buy everything I wanted to buy.
I wasn't able to buy what you asked me to buy.
I couldn't find a place to park.
Tell Tom that's what he ought to do.
Tell Tom to buy some sugar.
Tell Tom that that's what he ought to do.
What you just said doesn't make sense.
Are you the one who went to Boston with Tom?
Will you be doing that again anytime soon?
Is Tom really going to go to Australia by himself?
Is Tom really going to go to Australia without Mary?
How long has Tom been asleep?
Tom should get himself a dog.
Tom should get a haircut.
I found Tom smoking behind the barn.
Tom has experience, doesn't he?
Tom knows what he's doing, doesn't he?
The boy's parents are devastated.
If we're lucky, we'll catch Tom in his office.
I was thirsty, but there wasn't anything to drink.
I was thirsty, but there was nothing to drink.
Both of us could've died.
We both could've died.
I have relatives who live in Boston.
I have relatives who live in this area.
I haven't told you the most important thing yet.
Are you trying to cheat me?
Who is Tom visiting?
This wine is very good.
I read your report and found it very interesting.
I made a lot money over the summer.
Even if Tom had invited me, I wouldn't have gone.
Tom has a three-year-old dog.
I've read several books about serial killers.
Tom gets nervous around Mary.
I'm feeling so much better than I did before.
Tom gave Mary a strange look.
I'm fed up with the way you've been behaving.
Tom forgot to wash the forks.
I don't really care what people say about me.
Tom dreamed of becoming rich.
Boston is about a three-hour drive from here.
Who's Tom visiting?
You have my permission to do that.
Tom was a very strict teacher.
Tom used to be a very strict teacher.
Mennad did another video.
Mennad is so nervous.
Mennad is probably going to cry.
Mennad filmed another video.
Mennad isn't a psychologist obviously.
Mennad is not a psychologist obviously.
Mennad is going to cry.
Mennad was crying in the video.
Mennad made Baya sad.
Mennad never talked about it out loud.
Mennad never talked about it.
Mennad never talked about his depression.
Mennad never talks about his depression.
Mennad is nervous talking about depression.
Mennad suffered a major depressive disorder.
Mennad is suffering from depression.
Does Mennad have depression?
There is a difference between depression and sadness.
Mennad's depression affected him physically.
Mennad's depression affected him mentally.
Mennad couldn't do anything.
Mennad's depression was controlling his mind.
Mennad lost interest in everything.
Mennad gained weight.
Mennad doesn't sleep.
Mennad does not sleep.
Mennad's depression changed him.
Mennad sleeps too much.
Mennad sleeps a lot.
Mennad felt fatigue.
Mennad felt tired.
Mennad was irritable.
Mennad had recurrent thoughts of suicide.
Mennad is having thoughts of suicide.
Mennad isn't having enough sleep.
Mennad should not have those thoughts.
Mennad shouldn't have those thoughts.
Mennad isn't just sad. He's depressed.
Mennad made Baya irritable.
Mennad has too much appetite.
Mennad was diagnosed with depression.
Women are more likely to have depression than men.
Mennad got over his depression.
Mennad was ashamed of that.
Mennad got treatment.
Mennad has depression.
Mennad had depression.
Mennad was having a bad day.
Mennad is a depressed person.
Mennad's mind is different.
Mennad's life is ruined.
Mennad will never get better.
Mennad would never get better.
Mennad thought he would never get over his depression.
Mennad needs to the doctor's.
Mennad needs to go to a psychologist.
Mennad's doctor sent him to a psychologist.
Mennad was saying that out loud.
Mennad tried an antidepressant.
Mennad tried Prozac.
Mennad tried six antidepressants.
Mennad's antidepressant made him extremely manic.
Mennad felt his heart beat.
Mennad was on Prozac.
Mennad doesn't take that drug anymore.
Mennad does not take that drug anymore.
Mennad tried Zoloft, too.
Mennad thinks Prozac is making him manic.
Mennad is already manic.
Mennad thinks that Zoloft makes him manic.
Mennad didn't take his medication.
Mennad is taking an anti-anxiety medication.
Mennad tried diets and exercise to come over his depression.
Exercise can really help you with your depression.
Mennad freaked out.
Mennad forgot to wear his wedding ring.
Mennad was super excited.
Mennad is wearing his wedding ring.
Mennad made Baya happy.
Baya forgot to wear her necklace.
Baya was wearing a necklace.
Mennad reminded Baya of Ziri.
Mennad contacted Baya through Instagram.
Mennad doesn't know what depression is.
Mennad does not know what depression is.
Mennad was sad all the time.
Mennad and Baya had depression.
Mennad and Baya have depression.
Mennad couldn't cope with his depression.
Mennad did that for attention.
Mennad was trying to hide his depression.
Mennad was doing that to get attention.
Mennad was crying out for help.
Mennad is cutting himself.
Mennad was cutting himself in the bathroom.
Mennad was cutting himself.
Mennad went through various eating disorders.
When Mennad was a teenager, he went through various eating disorders;
Mennad has anxiety.
Mennad has no control over his anxiety.
Mennad can't control it.
Mennad can't control his anxiety.
Mennad had no control over his anxiety.
Mennad had no control over his depression.
Mennad has no control over his depression.
Mennad has bipolar disorder.
Mennad had full-blown mania.
Mennad also has depression.
Mennad was six years old.
Mennad's depression started in sixth grade.
Mennad was bullied.
Mennad got bullied.
Mennad's life didn't matter.
Mennad was sitting there with his sister.
Mennad got text messages from them.
Mennad cried so hard.
Mennad heard those sounds.
Mennad brought the phone to his mom.
Mennad was crying so hard.
Mennad was so weak.
Mennad fell down, crying.
Mennad went into the bathroom.
Mennad was staring at himself in the mirror.
Tears were coming down Mennad's eyes.
Mennad is stating at himself in the mirror.
Mennad wanted that to end.
Mennad wants to kill himself.
Mennad doesn't care about anything else.
Mennad doesn't give a crap about religion.
Mennad didn't care that he was going to go to hell.
Mennad didn't care about any of that.
Mennad wanted to stop living.
Mennad wanted to stop feeling the pain.
Mennad was happy.
Nothing happened in 2006.
Mennad sat in his room.
Mennad just slept.
Sleeping is the closest thing to not being alive.
Mennad remembers that.
Mennad remembers this.
Mennad hated everything.
Mennad prayed every night.
Mennad felt like nobody loved him.
Mennad wondered why he was doing that.
Mennad wanted to get help.
Mennad was suffering so badly.
Mennad wanted to do a video on that, too.
Mennad was just sitting there.
Mennad told her everything.
Mennad cupped his head and started to cry.
Mennad is depressed.
Mennad walked into the office.
Mennad is already pale.
Mennad is very pale.
Mennad was very pale.
Mennad was pale as a ghost.
Mennad randomly started talking about that.
Mennad is demon-possessed.
Mennad is doing this for attention.
Mennad broke down in tears, crying.
Mennad hates his family.
Aart is really racist.
Mennad doesn't like Baya because she's Egyptian.
Mennad had a panic attack.
Mennad tried to touch Baya.
Mennad tried to touch Baya and she freaked out.
Mennad ran into the bathroom.
Mennad was shaking.
Mennad is looking at himself in the mirror.
Mennad felt like disconnected from himself.
Mennad sat on the ground.
Nothing felt real.
Mennad was scared.
Mennad can't run away from us.
Mennad terrified of this.
Mennad is not that person.
Mennad was sitting there, shaking.
Mennad slept in his sister's room because he was scared.
Mennad slept in his sister's room.
Mennad was in the shower.
Mennad wanted to start a new life in Egypt.
Mennad saved up money to buy an iPhone.
Mennad has a thousand followers on YouTube.
Mennad and Baya reconnected.
Mennad needed someone to love him for who he was.
Mennad and Baya talked about everything.
Mennad never met Baya.
Mennad wanted to be happy.
Mennad and Baya wanted to be friends again.
Mennad at the psychologist's office.
Nothing could changed that situation.
Mennad wanted to end his life.
Mennad had delusions.
Mennad took antipsychotics.
Mennad needed to be put on antipsychotics.
Nothing Mennad says matters.
Nothing Mennad did mattered.
Mennad tried to say that to them.
Mennad went to the bathroom.
Mennad sat in the bathroom.
Mennad was just sitting in the bathroom.
Mennad wanted to die.
Mennad doesn't matter.
That's Mennad's mentality.
Mennad froze.
Mennad was sitting there.
Mennad couldn't move.
Mennad can't find the video.
Mennad took a picture of himself in his office.
Mennad wanted to go to paradise.
Mennad cared about people.
Mennad wanted to rule the world.
Mennad doesn't have to smile all the time.
It's OK to be irritated from time to time.
Mennad is a Christian.
Mennad met a Christian girl.
Mennad still likes Baya.
Mennad didn't expect anything from Baya.
Mennad just wanted to talk to Baya.
Mennad doesn't want anything from Baya.
Mennad doesn't expect Baya to do anything.
Mennad was really depressed.
That's why Mennad is happy now.
Mennad just liked Baya.
If you are ever depressed, seek help.
Mennad felt like he wanted to die.
Mennad kept holding on.
Mennad is sitting here right now.
Mennad talked about suicide.
Mennad and Baya talked about suicide.
Mennad took pills to end his life.
Mennad told his mom he loved her.
Mennad is already dead.
Mennad is done with.
Mennad is dead.
Mennad needs to realize that.
Mennad will go to hell.
Mennad needs to keep holding on.
Mennad is happy again.
Mennad is going through a rough patch.
Mennad needs to hold on.
Mennad saw nothing but darkness.
Mennad has wanted to kill himself so many times.
Mennad is living his life.
Happiness isn't success.
Mennad has a problem.
Mennad knows what is wrong.
Mennad knows what's wrong.
Mennad reassured Baya.
Mennad needed to reassure himself.
Mennad felt useless.
Mennad doesn't matter in the world.
Mennad made Baya feel worthless.
Mennad does love Baya.
Mennad loves you.
Mennad is still breathing.
Mennad can change other people's lives.
Mennad matters.
Mennad loves himself.
Baya is pretty.
Mennad said that everything happens for a reason.
Mennad and Baya help each other.
We all want to succeed.
Mennad didn't give a crap about Baya's videos.
Mennad does care.
Mennad cares.
Mennad cared.
Mennad sent Baya a necklace.
Mennad mattered.
Mennad did matter.
Mennad has a dog.
Mennad is just a kid.
Mennad tried not to cry.
Mennad went to jail.
Mennad didn't go to jail.
Mennad called Baya's mom.
Mennad posted the fight on YouTube.
Mennad posted the video of the fight on YouTube.
Mennad posted Baya's video on YouTube.
Mennad was arrested shortly after the fight.
Mennad opened the dishwasher.
Mennad grabbed a knife.
Mennad tried to stab himself in the stomach.
Mennad didn't know what was going on.
Mennad and Baya started crying.
An ambulance came.
The ambulance came.
Mennad is honest.
Mennad needs to go.
Mennad was bullying Baya.
Mennad was bullying Baya's brother.
Mennad was wearing a blue suit.
Mennad was in the hospital.
Mennad couldn't have any visitors.
There was just one bed in that room.
Mennad and his sister started crying.
Mennad cried for a long time.
Mennad brought Baya food but it was cold.
Mennad didn't like the food.
Mennad went to a mental institution.
Mennad was moved to a mental institution.
Mennad was in the ambulance.
Mennad stayed there all night.
Mennad has insurance.
Mennad went upstairs.
Mennad has other people to talk to.
Mennad was making a new video.
Mennad doesn't feel embarrassed.
Mennad doesn't feel embarrassed about anything.
Mennad's mom was crying.
Mennad has been there for six weeks.
Mennad wanted to make his mom happy.
Mennad didn't think about that.
Mennad wanted to take his own life.
Mennad missed his birthday.
Mennad is always at home with his family.
Mennad felt suicidal.
Mennad told his parents about his suicidal thought.
Mennad was doing crazy stuff.
Mennad is not crazy.
Mennad expressed how he felt about that stuff.
Mennad did that to hurt himself.
Mennad was there for six days.
Mennad doesn't know that.
Mennad wanted to hurt himself.
Mennad tried to hurt himself.
Mennad didn't want to die.
Mennad doesn't want to die.
Mennad only tried to kill himself once.
Mennad was taking pills.
Mennad always takes pain pills.
Mennad missed his mom.
Mennad heard his mom's voice on the phone.
Mennad came home.
Mennad is home.
Mennad has got a new bed.
Mennad gave Baya his bed.
Mennad gave Baya a brush.
Mennad drank Baya's juice.
Mennad's lotion is too watery.
Mennad used Baya's shampoo.
Mennad never uses this shampoo in his house.
Mennad used Baya's brush.
Mennad hates coloring books.
Mennad gave Baya a coloring book.
Mennad isn't a fan of coloring books.
Mennad colored the snake green.
Mennad colored the elephant pink.
Mennad was bullied in school.
Mennad didn't try to kill himself.
Mennad thought about suicide.
Mennad should tell somebody about that.
Mennad didn't know where Baya lived.
Mennad doesn't take any medication.
Mennad isn't taking any medicine.
Mennad doesn't take any drugs.
Mennad smells.
Mennad isn't happy.
Mennad is not happy.
Mennad said he wanted to kill himself.
Mennad thought about his family.
Mennad got help.
Mennad is happy.
Mennad and Baya are amazing people.
Mennad and Baya are happy.
Mennad was posting new videos.
Aart grew up in a racist family.
Mennad is not embarrassed.
Mennad isn't embarrassed.
Mennad should be happy.
Mennad loves YouTube.
Baya did her eyebrows.
Mennad checked out that video.
Check out this new video.
Mennad is being bullied.
Mennad and Baya are depressed.
Mennad was cutting his thighs.
Mennad was cutting his thighs in the bathroom.
Mennad met a lot of depressed people.
That's exactly what Mennad is trying to do.
Mennad caught Baya looking at his tattoo.
Mennad knows exactly how Baya feels.
Mennad told six different stories within his story.
Mennad is another teacher.
Mennad is my biology teacher.
Mennad was standing there, all innocent.
Mennad was behind his desk.
Mennad was sitting behind his desk.
Mennad was standing behind his desk.
Baya is bigger than most of the boys in her class.
Mennad weighs pounds.
Mennad was shocked at that number.
Mennad was shocked.
Mennad wrote down the score.
Mennad is shocked, too.
Mennad needs to work on that.
Mennad went back to his seat.
Mennad is a skinny kid.
Mennad can't believe he lost sixty pounds in just two months.
This haunted Mennad.
Mennad is our biology teacher.
Mennad is a fat kid and needs to be doing something about that.
Mennad is little.
Mennad knew that he wasn't fitting in.
Mennad doesn't know who the author of the book was.
Mennad cut his wrists.
Mennad didn't take that into account.
This is one of my favorite chapters.
Mennad is so dumb.
Mennad was dumb.
Mennad is dumb.
Mennad went back to the bathroom.
Mennad left the bathroom.
Mennad started to wake up.
Mennad isn't depressed.
Mennad asked Ziri for a razor.
Mennad got a razor and started cutting his wrists.
Mennad has pain.
Mennad isn't into self-harm.
Mennad went back to school.
Mennad had one sleeve up and the other one down.
Mennad raised his hand for a question.
Mennad and Baya got tired.
Mennad knows he can't do this again.
Mennad knew he couldn't do that again.
Mennad was tired.
Mennad and Baya got tired of that.
Mennad is interested in self-harm.
Mennad wrote many articles about self-harm.
Food is Mennad's drug of choice.
Mennad is a therapist.
Mennad can talk to Baya.
Mennad was overeating.
Mennad's overeating affected his health.
Mennad sounded crazy.
Mennad needed to talk to somebody.
Mennad prides himself on being a good listener.
Mennad took a public speaking class.
Mennad is comfortable with strangers.
Mennad said something really stupid.
Mennad is a public speaker.
Mennad needs a little bit help with that.
Mennad is struggling with his depression.
Mennad is pretty messed up.
Mennad is nice.
Mennad is friendly.
Mennad drank water.
Mennad offered Baya a deal.
Mennad has some planters in his garden.
Mennad has a huge planter in his garden.
Mennad and Baya aren't exactly a couple.
Mennad didn't want to have to do this.
This usually works.
How do we get down from here?
Mennad bought Baya candy.
Mennad attempted suicide.
Mennad was depressed over his career.
Mennad took a lot of sleeping pills.
Mennad was depressed over his life.
Mennad was depressed over his lonely life.
Mennad was depressed over his lonely personal life.
Mennad was looking for blondes.
Mennad wanted to date a blonde girl.
Mennad likes blondes.
Baya was a seductress.
Mennad's childhood dream has come true.
Mennad had a fairy-tale love affair with an actress.
Mennad is a baseball player.
Mennad is one of the greatest baseball players of all time.
Mennad was introduced to Baya.
Mennad and Baya wedded in Egypt.
Mennad divorced Baya after that.
Mennad divorced Baya shortly after that.
Mennad and Baya couldn't live together.
Mennad set his sight on another dream.
Baya is a pretty blonde woman.
Mennad wanted to be a really good actor.
Baya wanted to be a really good actress.
Mennad spent a lot of time there with Baya.
Mennad moved to Cairo to work closely with Baya.
Mennad came to the attention of the FBI.
Mennad had a relationship with Baya.
Mennad was a member of an Islamist party.
Baya had six miscarriages.
Mennad attempted suicide again.
Mennad became more and more depressed.
The pressure has become too much.
Mennad and Baya divorced in 2006.
Mennad returned to Cairo.
Mennad returned to Cairo but life was no better there.
Mennad was getting older.
Mennad was taking Prozac.
Mennad was taking sleeping capsules.
Mennad was prescribed powerful drugs.
Mennad began seeing a psychiatrist in 2006.
Mennad became much too dependent on his psychologist.
Mennad's small home was his sanctuary.
Baya is fragile.
Mennad and Baya were at Madison Square Garden.
Mennad's body was discovered at six.
Troubling questions were raised about Mennad's death.
Mennad published his book in 2006.
Mennad was a homicide victim.
We changed the old carpet for a new one.
Mennad arrived at the door.
Mennad arrived at the door with two men I didn't recognize.
Mennad's house was swarming with policemen.
Mennad was seen at a church service.
Doctor Bakir performed the autopsy on Mennad's body.
Mennad's death was ruled a probable suicide.
Mennad was arrested at the scene of the crime.
Gulls were flying above the sea.
Sami came to Egypt as a refugee from Palestine.
Gulls flew over the sea.
This part of the sea is dangerous and deep.
How far is it to the sea?
I live by the sea.
The ship lay on the bottom of the sea for more than three hundred years.
The house by the sea belongs to me.
Is your name Marcus?
The sky is clear today.
The mountain was shrouded in fog.
Now his sack is on the table.
The horse which carries Cornelius is beautiful.
Mennad's dog speaks.
Mennad has a talking dog.
It's starting.
The show is on.
Leave it on that show. I like it.
Mennad farts all the time.
This is history in the making.
I don't think Mennad is going to win.
You're only allowed to vote once.
She may go out of business.
What makes an advertisement cool?
That might work.
There's a million dollars in that bag.
There is a million dollars in that bag.
That would be dishonest.
I'm delighted to have Mennad as my new spokesperson.
Mennad's soup has a secret ingredient.
Mennad shouldn't say this.
This advertisement would deceive people.
Mennad's dog talks.
Mennad says that his dog talks.
This could backfire.
Mennad's dog can talk.
Mennad is in a doghouse.
Mennad is in trouble.
Mennad changed the script.
I don't see anything dishonest in that.
Mennad went out of business.
Mennad is on.
You're on, Mennad.
You're on in sixteen seconds.
I made a journey through the entirety of Britain.
Julius has many roses and many lillies in his garden.
Mennad doesn't really care.
Mennad's dog ruined everything.
We'll be rich.
We will be rich.
There are six pages in chapter two.
Mennad said that he trained his dog to speak.
Mennad eats soup.
Mennad speaks six languages.
Everyone in this family speaks two languages but me.
Mennad speaks six different languages.
Mennad started changing the labels.
Mennad's sandwich smells delicious.
Mennad is the last one.
That was a nice walk.
Mennad has to admit that.
Mennad has to admit it.
Mennad managed to do that.
Mennad is my assistant.
Mennad is my new assistant.
Mennad noticed that, too.
Mennad wondered who that could be.
Mennad and Baya are alive.
Mennad knows Baya's dog.
Mennad came from the swimming pool.
Mennad is from Algeria.
Mennad was traveling with his mother.
Mennad is eating soup.
Mennad didn't answer the call.
Mennad has a little dog.
Mennad is safe and sound.
Mennad will be coming with Baya.
Mennad separated Baya from the rest of the family.
Mennad misses his little dog.
Mennad doesn't deny that.
Mennad remembers a few words of his native language.
Marcus and Quintus! Come here! There are many roses here!
Mennad still remembers a few words of his native language.
Mennad took Baya's dog away.
There is something suspicious about that woman.
I'm not sure I trust that woman.
I am not sure I trust that woman.
He is not able to come, because he is ill.
Mennad will call a lawyer.
Mennad won't be able to deny that dog is Baya's.
There are many people in the city.
You're speaking Arabic, right?
She's from Egypt.
The writing is smudgy.
I don't love you, Maria.
The dog talks.
That dog talks.
Mennad has an Arabic-English dictionary.
Mennad owns this dog.
Baya is not a boy.
Mennad has a boy dog.
Mennad admitted it.
Mennad wanted to discuss this with Baya.
Mennad is saved.
Mennad can't speak Arabic.
Mennad ate some soup.
The basket is too big for Mennad.
Mennad is certainly smart.
No one has lived in this house for years.
Who are Julius' sons?
Mennad read the novel.
Do you see my horse?
Mennad was very late.
Mennad was up all night.
Mennad left his umbrella behind him.
The boy is walking through the street.
Mennad's umbrella is so old-fashioned.
How do you make avocados ripen faster?
This did happen.
There are ghosts and I saw one.
You're so gullible.
I'm not being silly.
I'm not being superstitious.
I am not being silly.
I am not being superstitious.
You may be in luck.
How am I supposed to get out of here?
The key is stuck.
Mennad got splooshed by paint.
Mennad is just being superstitious.
That was just a fluke.
Mennad found Baya's kite.
Mennad bought a new kite.
Mennad needed to get his tonsils out.
Mennad is surrounded by superstitious people.
Mennad lived in a cave.
Mennad doesn't want to live in a cave.
Mennad eats lots of ice cream.
You are both wrong.
Mennad's curse is gone.
Mennad feels different.
Mennad's flowers are dead.
Mennad is cursed.
"It was an accident." "No, it wasn't."
Is this a coincidence, too?
Mennad makes me laugh so much my stomach curls.
Mennad gift-wrapped the box.
No peeking, please.
Mennad's birthday cake was baked, iced, and candled.
Mennad made a movie about Baya.
No skateboarding in the house!
Mennad made a movie about his brother.
Mennad forgot to turn the camera on.
Mennad did his project about Baya.
Mennad's dog is my dog, too.
Mennad is a lot like my brother.
Mennad likes to ride the skateboard.
Mennad is pretty good at skateboarding.
Mennad likes to make Baya laugh.
What's a declension?
The boy who is smiling is Marcus.
Some of the zoo animals were very fierce and needed to be restrained.
Mary ironed her pants.
The girl is stroking the cat.
The girl is petting a cat.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and must behave one another in the spirit of brotherhood.
He had barely reached manhood when he married.
Are you going home earlier today?
Tobacco is highly addictive and harmful to health.
Yoda, the wise Jedi master, first appeared in the swamp as a crazy frog.
I was never Tom's girlfriend.
Tom didn't ask how Mary died.
We're going to have to wait a little longer.
Tom asked Mary about her job.
We finally finished doing that this morning.
It's true that Tom said that.
That question has haunted me for many years.
Mr. Jackson is my science teacher this year.
Do you know Quora?
Do you know which hotel Tom is staying at?
Do you know that man standing next to Tom?
Do you know if Tom is going to go with us?
Do you know how long I've been waiting?
Do you know what kind of package it was?
Do you know what this tool is used for?
Do you know what an engagement ring is?
Do you know who Tom's grandfather was?
Do you know which hotel Tom stayed at?
Do you know the reason Tom isn't here?
Do you know where the post office is?
Do you know how to cook Chinese food?
Do you know what you're going to do?
Do you know what Tom is working on?
Do you know how to play backgammon?
Do you know how to dive a manual?
Do you know what FBI stands for?
Do you know the bride's parents?
Do you know what they're up to?
Do you know who won the game?
Do you know what to do next?
Do you know Tom's daughter?
Do you know who made that?
Do you know who made this?
I was happy to see Tom there.
Mary showed her friends her engagement ring.
What Tom said made no sense.
We're trying to figuring out our next move.
Are you going home early today?
Are you going to go home earlier than usual today?
Are you going to go home early today?
Nobody has lived in this house for years.
Your plan could backfire on you.
I don't want pickles on my sandwich.
What causes a car to backfire?
Why do cars sometimes backfire?
Is nicotine really addictive?
Why is nicotine so addictive?
Tobacco is addictive.
Is nicotine as addictive as heroin?
Why is it so hard to quit smoking?
Tom needed money to buy some food.
Do you know where Tom bought his umbrella?
Do you know if Tom is coming to the party?
Do you know how old Tom was when he died?
Do you know those ladies who're getting off the bus?
Do you know why Tom skipped class today?
Do you know why Tom didn't do what he was supposed to do?
Do you know what happened here this afternoon?
Do you know why Tom postponed his trip?
Do you know those children who're swimming with Tom?
Do you know the reason why Tom cut class today?
Do you know those ladies getting off the bus?
Do you know why Tom is jealous of me?
Do you know why Tom has been absent from school?
Do you know when you're supposed to do that?
Do you know what Tom wants us to buy?
Do you know if Tom will be coming to the party?
Do you know who was supposed to do that?
Do you know if Tom has a girlfriend?
Do you know those children swimming with Tom?
Do you know why I was here yesterday?
Do you know what Tom's favorite color was when he was a teenager?
Do you know how to play the trumpet?
Do you know the reason why Tom is so angry?
Do you know how many cats Tom has?
Do you know what that's used for?
Do you know if Tom can come with us tomorrow?
Do you know why Tom is so angry?
Do you know what's in the box?
Do you know where Tom has gone?
Do you know who wrote this?
Do you know when Tom will come?
Do you know this area well?
Do you know what Tom has done?
Do you know what Tom did on his birthday?
Do you know what Tom plans to do on his birthday?
Tom was afraid to answer.
Tom was afraid to speak.
Tom was afraid to do anything.
Tom was afraid to make the first move.
Tom didn't want to jump across the ditch.
Tom doesn't like to travel alone.
Tom was afraid to leave his house.
Tom was afraid to go home.
We'll hold Tom accountable.
Tom wore a bulletproof vest.
We had no idea what we were supposed to do.
Tom won't stay mad for long.
Only a few people around here speak French.
Tom wasn't wearing slippers.
I was trying to figure out why that happened.
Tom wasn't wearing his bulletproof vest.
Mennad thanked Baya.
Mennad is great.
Mennad was watching Baya's video.
Mennad beat his depression.
Mennad is better than Baya.
Mennad is so happy right now.
Mennad lost a lot of weight.
Mennad tried to do his best.
Mennad was on the verge of crying.
Mennad suffered from depression for most of his life.
Mennad got lost.
Mennad wanted to kill himself when he was a kid.
Mennad told Baya that he wanted to kill himself.
Mennad was a sad kid.
Mennad is a sad kid.
Mennad is awesome.
Mennad loved Baya.
Mennad is always right.
Mennad and Baya talked about high school.
Mennad had a really rough high school experience.
Mennad and Baya talked about baseball.
Mennad is drinking water.
Mennad felt bad for me.
Mennad felt sorry for Baya.
Mennad didn't want people to feel sorry for him in any way.
Mennad said he had depression.
Mennad started from the beginning.
Mennad was in elementary school.
Mennad had absolutely nothing to worry about.
Mennad had an amazing time.
Mennad was the teacher's pet.
Mennad was weird.
Mennad threw up in class.
Mennad threw up in front of everybody.
Mennad stated dancing when he was in middle school.
Mennad started singing when he was in elementary.
Mennad left elementary school in 2006.
Mennad is a 6th grader.
Mennad started playing the piano when he was in elementary school.
Mennad was so kind.
Mennad's insecurities started to come out when he was in elementary school.
Mennad never suffered from depression.
Mennad's anxiety started to take over his life.
Mennad started crying for absolutely no reason.
Mennad could barely speak to people.
Mennad had social anxiety.
Mennad wasn't able to communicate with people.
Mennad had to dance with Baya every day.
Mennad had a couple of friends that he went to school with.
Mennad wasn't cool.
Mennad was not funny.
Mennad was not cool.
Mennad wasn't funny.
Mennad was being made fun of.
Mennad got bullied a lot in high school.
Mennad felt like he was doing something wrong.
Mennad always had small reasons to pick on Baya.
Mennad doesn't have a speech impediment.
Although Mennad didn't have a speech impediment, hemessed up his words a lot.
Mennad edited his videos.
Mennad obviously edits his videos.
Mennad watched the six-minute video.
Mennad still gets paranoid to this day.
Mennad understood Baya.
Mennad didn't say things correctly.
Mennad has a naturally low voice.
When Mennad speaks, I can barely hear him.
Mennad needs to speak up.
Mennad read the whole chapter.
Mennad made Baya read a chapter of the book every day.
Mennad was trying to help.
Mennad was trying to help Baya.
Mennad read the text out loud.
Mennad lost most of his friends.
Half of Mennad's friends went to a different high school.
Mennad moved on with his life.
Mennad's friends moved on with their lives.
Mennad met Baya in his freshman year.
Mennad went up to Baya and asked her to sit with him.
Mennad is not going to say no.
Mennad is going to say yes.
Mennad will be fucked.
Mennad talked to people.
Mennad is too shy.
Mennad was the most awful piece of shit I have ever met in my life.
Mennad and Baya are weirdos.
Mennad met somebody else.
Mennad took a dance class.
Mennad took classes that meant something to him.
Mennad is paranoid of strangers.
Mennad is a murderer.
Mennad reads scary stories.
Mennad took that class.
That was one of the best decisions Mennad had ever taken.
Is Rome in Gaul?
"Non" is a Latin word.
There are many people in the street.
Mennad spent half of his junior year in the hospital.
Mennad said that in a couple of videos.
Mennad couldn't speak to somebody without his face turning bright red.
Mennad made fun of Baya.
Mennad doesn't have many friends.
Mennad does not have many friends.
Mennad was overthinking it.
Mennad assumed that people were going to judge him about everything.
Mennad was constantly staring at Baya.
Nobody was looking at Mennad.
Nobody cares what you're doing.
Nobody cares that much.
Julia picks some roses, and goes from the garden with five roses.
Nobody cares what you are doing.
Mennad thinks they are funny.
Mennad's burps are funny.
Mennad's farts are funny.
Mennad was coughing.
Mennad thought that Baya was weird.
Mennad was peeing.
Mennad was pissing.
Mennad was throwing up.
Mennad laughed at Baya.
Mennad pointed and laughed at Baya.
Mennad knows high school is scary.
Mennad was miserable.
Quintus is angry, and hits Marcus.
This doesn't really happen.
Mennad was made fun of.
Mennad was trying to do his job.
Mennad can't touch Baya.
Mennad made fun of me.
Mennad is making fun of Baya.
Mennad felt dumb.
Mennad is making fun of me.
Mennad went on with his life.
Mennad doesn't dress this way.
Who gives a fuck about them?
Mennad doesn't care what other people say about him.
Mennad does not care what other people say about him.
This stuff is going to hunt Mennad for the rest of his life.
Mennad thinks it's funny now.
Mennad cannot handle this anymore.
That stuff means nothing to me anymore.
Mennad and Baya are weird.
Mennad joined that community when he was sixteen years old.
Mennad found out.
Mennad moved to Cairo to live near his best friends.
Mennad's life is going to go on.
Mennad wasn't able to find his class.
Mennad was not able to find his class.
Mennad learned a lot along the way.
Mennad got mad with Baya for not knowing where her class was.
Mennad made videos for helping people.
Mennad did a lot of presentations on criminal justice.
Mennad's camera is going to turn off in six minutes.
Mennad's presentaiton was perfect.
Mennad worried about it for six days.
Mennad went first.
Mennad went to school.
Mennad went there a day before school started.
Mennad visited the school to familiarize himself with the classes.
Mennad came to class a little bit late.
Mennad is shy.
Mennad needs to talk to somebody.
Mennad makes friends so easily.
"Let's be friends." "Sure."
Mennad and Baya don't know what they have in common.
Mennad and Baya sat together.
Mennad never replied.
Mennad didn't reply.
Mennad never responded to me.
Mennad will respond to you.
Mennad hates parties.
Mennad drank and experimented with drugs.
Nobody is going to force you to do something that you don't want to do.
Mennad doesn't like this.
Mennad doesn't drink vodka.
Mennad hates being high.
Mennad likes drinking with his friends.
Mennad hates drinking.
Mennad hates smoking weed.
Mennad has smoked weed many times.
Mennad smokes weed.
Don't try to be friends with them.
Do not try to be friends with them.
Mennad sat in that room with Baya.
Mennad wasn't doing anything.
Mennad was in silence for an hour.
Mennad and Baya were laughing at each other.
Mennad smokes weed all the time.
Mennad smokes weed every day.
Mennad is losing his voice.
Mennad's life started to go downhill.
Mennad cared a lot about everything.
Mennad took a sip of alcohol.
Mennad didn't want to be associated with those people.
Mennad cared about his friends.
At the end of the day, Mennad is gonna do what he wants to do.
At the end of the day, Mennad is going to do what he wants to do.
Mennad spent his entire junior year in a psychiatric hospital.
Mennad has had depression for most of his life.
Mennad dropped out.
Mennad did online school for a semester.
Mennad ended up doing online school for a semester.
Mennad had sixty accumulated absences in one semester.
Mennad missed a lot of school in his junior year.
Mennad has never gone through something like that.
Mennad doesn't like talking about suicide.
Mennad does not like talking about suicide.
This conversation was not supposed to get this deep.
This conservation wasn't supposed to get this deep.
Mennad did a presentation about suicide.
Mennad texted his dad.
Mennad heard that voice again.
Mennad started to talk to somebody.
Mennad's job forced him to talk to people.
Mennad's job forced him to socialize.
Mennad had a purpose.
Mennad worked at a sandwich shop.
Mennad became a manager.
Mennad ended up going back to school.
Mennad socialized more.
Mennad volunteered.
Mennad has been talking for a long time.
Mennad gave presentations about suicide.
Mennad loved Baya's presentations about depression.
Mennad talked about things that happened to him.
Mennad says he wants to kill himself.
The entire room was crying.
Mennad made an animated video.
Mennad wanted to talk to Baya one-on-one.
Mennad was sixteen years old.
Mennad still feels like Baya is following him.
Mennad was fat and everybody picked on him.
Because Mennad was fat, everybody picked on him.
Mennad put so much faith in Baya.
Mennad trusted me.
Mennad trusted me and told me all those things.
Mennad graduated.
Mennad continued to do presentations.
Mennad really connected with those kids.
Mennad wanted to talk about his life.
Mennad wanted to talk about his family life.
Baya had sex with her boyfriend.
Mennad is always going to be that person you can talk to.
Mennad is my teacher.
Mennad wasn't talking to people.
Mennad was not talking to people.
This made my anxiety worse.
Mennad felt so bad that he couldn't reply to Baya's messages on time.
Mennad follows me on Facebook.
Mennad feels so bad.
Mennad sent the photos to me.
Mennad cares a lot.
Mennad didn't respond to me.
Mennad shouldn't lose faith in people.
Mennad graduated high school and went to college.
Mennad and Baya are doing the same thing.
Mennad did YouTube.
Mennad does YouTube.
Mennad is watching videos.
Mennad hasn't spoken to me in a million years.
Mennad has learned so much.
Mennad went through all of that shit.
Mennad is doing YouTube.
Mennad is genuinely happy.
Be happy.
Mennad's voice is gone.
Mennad should shut the fuck up.
Mennad should shut up.
Mennad gave Baya some tips for high school.
Mennad is one of my followers on Facebook.
Mennad used to always tell me: "Did you brush your teeth?"
Mennad brushed his teeth every night before he went to bed.
Mennad takes Prozac almost every day.
Mennad was a completely different person.
Nothing gave Mennad joy.
Mennad barely ate.
Mennad even had suicidal thoughts.
Mennad has finally decided he needed some help.
Mennad took Baya to a psychiatrist right away.
Mennad was hospitalized.
Mennad was on a medical leave.
Mennad started stuttering.
Mennad was gone for six months.
Mennad's depression was more painful.
Mennad had a major depression.
Mennad had a depressive episode.
Mennad was arrogant.
Mennad drank and smoked at parties.
Mennad thought Baya was going crazy.
Mennad realized that Baya was very abnormal.
Mennad has been taking Prozac for six years.
Mennad is going to therapy.
Mennad is going to buy something from the bookstore.
Mennad ended his own life.
Mennad and his friends killed themselves one after the other.
Mennad's death broke Baya's life.
Mennad will never forget how much pain he was in.
Mennad prayed.
Mennad's photo got a few hundred likes on Facebook.
Mennad is my friend.
Mennad is family.
Mennad visited a dentist.
Mennad was suffering mentally.
Mennad was suffering emotionally.
Mennad was watching television.
Mennad talked about dental health.
Mennad talked about mental health.
This word has two different meanings.
Being depressed isn't just being sad.
Being depressed is not just being sad.
Mennad was weak.
Mennad isn't fully mature yet.
Mennad created harmful life habits for himself.
Mennad is a vulnerable person.
What are you doing later tonight?
Mennad is a doctor.
Mennad has to do this today.
Mennad should have done this today.
Mennad should have done this today, but he didn't.
Mennad got good grades.
Mennad doesn't have to do this.
Mennad does not have to do this.
Mennad is a mental health advocate.
Mennad doesn't have a choice.
Mennad does not have a choice.
Mennad has many friends in college.
Mennad lost weight.
Mennad doesn't have to go to that party on the weekend.
Mennad doesn't know exactly what he's doing.
Mennad does not have to go to that party on the weekend.
Mennad does not know exactly what he is doing.
Mennad died last year.
Mennad ended his life last year.
Mennad is a college student.
Mennad killed himself on campus.
Mennad hated himself.
Mennad wants to beat his depression.
Mennad doesn't want a life sentence of medication.
Mennad's mental illness was really painful.
Mennad did a presentation about suicide prevention.
Mennad needs help.
Mennad helped Baya got the help she needed for her depression.
Therapy and medication will help you overcome your depression.
Mennad was incredibly terrified.
Mennad was excited to be here.
Mennad is afraid of being isolated.
Mennad was afraid of being ousted.
Mennad got a phone call from Baya.
Mennad is healing so much faster.
Mennad stayed home.
Mennad supported my decision to come to Cairo.
Mennad grew up in a Muslim household.
Mennad carried the bag with him.
Mennad was pretty isolated.
Mennad cannot communicate efficiently.
Mennad is incapacitated.
Mennad will be avenged.
Mennad wanted to read a bit more on the subject.
Mennad is a manager in name.
Mennad is already a manager.
Mennad's image was in tatters.
Mennad left for Egypt.
Mennad made a mistake.
Mennad needs to take some extreme measures.
Mennad paid a very high price for that.
What could Mennad do?
Mennad is a retired colonel.
Mennad went too far.
Mennad needs to make it quick.
Mennad has already made a video about this.
Mennad and Baya never divorced.
Mennad needs to change.
How have your dreams been these past couple of nights?
The regular upkeep of our servers is paramount to ensuring high uptime.
Everyone, what are you talking about?
I will try to dissuade my friend from doing such a thing.
Mennad is weak-minded.
Mennad served in the armed forces.
Mennad was born in 2006.
Mennad has never seen any atrocities or brutality.
Mennad may changed his mind.
Aart was incredibly antisemitic.
If Mennad wants a war, he will get it.
Mennad is a company leader.
Mennad and Baya shared similar views on communism.
Mennad had complex views of Islam.
Mennad personally hated the mayor.
Mennad looked at his mobile phone for a second.
The howling grew louder and louder.
We haven't seen you for a while.
I refuse to eat dairy.
They don't have to pay anything.
She was wearing a white skirt.
I'm ready if you're ready.
I'm ready if you're ready, too.
A good idea came into his mind.
Tom was working there alone.
I was too scared to do anything about that.
Tom was wearing black socks.
I don't like the way the water tastes here.
Tom was walking pretty fast.
I don't have as much free time as I'd like.
Do you know the reason why Tom cut classes today?
Do you know why Tom skipped classes today?
Do you feel like you're living in a nightmare?
I'm living a nightmare.
May I use this cup?
I'm not going to go to Boston anymore.
You're not waiting for me?
Which bus are you on?
Who do these new houses belong to?
I did it poorly.
Do you have money left?
The coach named Tom the captain of the team.
This program must be funded from the state budget.
Find the synonyms.
One more hour until the end of work.
Don't be a pessimist.
She washed the apple.
When did they arrive?
Tom was walking behind Mary.
We've already spent many hours doing that.
Tom was thirty at that time.
We spent over three hours discussing that.
We've already spent over three hours discussing this.
Could you help me find out where Tom is?
I finally found out where Tom spends all his free time.
Tom asked if Mary was here.
Tom often wears a turtleneck sweater.
Tom often wears turtleneck sweaters.
Tom wondered where Mary had been all afternoon.
I would never speak French to Tom.
I never speak French with Tom.
I'd never spoken French to Tom before.
Tom doesn't play tennis as often as he used to.
I didn't want to eat what Tom made for me.
Tom often wears a roll neck jumper.
I hope Tom doesn't get nervous.
I hope that Tom doesn't get nervous.
I hope that Tom doesn't get fired.
I hope that Tom doesn't get injured.
I hope Tom doesn't get lost on his way here.
I hope that Tom doesn't get lost on his way here.
I need to tell Tom about what happened.
I need to tell Tom what happened.
I need to tell Tom that Mary is in the hospital.
I need to tell Tom Mary is in the hospital.
I need to tell Tom about tomorrow's meeting.
I think Tom can do that better than I can.
I think Tom can do that better than me.
Tom isn't likely to want to do that today.
Tom made one very serious mistake.
"My mother usually stays home and reads books on weekends." "What does your father do?" "He often goes fishing."
Mennad has been doing this for a really long time.
Mennad has been avoiding this subject for the longest time.
Mennad has been avoiding this subject.
Mennad didn't want to show Baya every part of him.
Mennad got a stroke of inspiration.
Mennad cut his hair.
Mennad had his hair cut.
Mennad didn't want to show a vulnerable part of him.
Mennad likes girls like Baya.
Anything is possible now.
Mennad talked about his childhood.
Mennad was born in Cairo to an Algerian family.
Mennad's parents are Algerian.
Mennad's family lived in Cairo.
Mennad moved back to Cairo to live with his dad.
That's where Mennad grew up.
That's where Mennad grew up for part of his childhood.
Mennad moved to Cairo with his mom.
This is where things got the toughest for Mennad.
Mennad spent a lot of time alone.
Mennad started drawing.
Mennad learned to cook.
Mennad learned to dress himself.
Mennad did everything alone.
Mennad is very trustworthy.
It was very hard to make friends there.
Mennad found it very hard to make friends in Cairo.
Mennad didn't have any siblings.
Mennad started school at six.
Mennad was always drawing.
Mennad was extremely shy.
Mennad was really scared.
Mennad was adopted.
Mennad doesn't trust anyone.
Mennad doesn't do this.
Mennad does not do this.
Mennad is smart.
Mennad will fail.
By the time Mennad got to high school, he started to realize that he had many insecurities about his looks.
Mennad started taking classes.
Mennad is younger than Baya.
Mennad wanted to be a lawyer.
Mennad wanted to help people.
Mennad knows this kind of thing.
Mennad realized that he was different.
I'm different and that's alright.
Maybe you should listen to me.
Mennad got in trouble a lot.
Mennad wasn't a violent kid.
Mennad got suspended.
Mennad was very opinionated.
Mennad was pretty much an average student.
Mennad did very well on the tests.
Mennad paid attention while he was in class.
Mennad has a great selective memory.
Mennad did really well on tests.
Mennad is a great guesser.
Mennad went to college in 2006.
Mennad did everything on his own.
Mennad went to an art school in Cairo.
Mennad doesn't know why he's caring about this.
Mennad needs to express himself.
Mennad was unique.
Mennad had a story to tell.
Mennad was smart.
Mennad was devastated when he had to leave.
Mennad didn't have family in Cairo.
Mennad had no help.
Mennad worked and paid for school.
Mennad believes in education.
Mennad is interested in art.
Mennad ended up going to the University of Cairo.
Mennad could stay home.
Mennad started to do YouTube.
Mennad had to do it.
Mennad felt he had to do it.
Mennad was motivated.
Mennad was inspired.
Mennad learned a lot from Baya.
Mennad has learned a lot from Baya.
Mennad is a painter.
Mennad is a graphic designer.
Mennad loves art.
Mennad graduated with an art degree.
Mennad worked at a museum.
Mennad wondered what he was going to do.
Mennad is my manager now.
Mennad asked Baya to come to Cairo and work with him.
Mennad asked Baya to come to Cairo.
Mennad left college to pursue an art career.
Mennad left college.
Mennad didn't understand that.
Mennad was doing all those things.
Mennad succeeded in his own way.
Mennad can do that, too.
Mennad didn't have a lot of mentoring.
Mennad didn't have anyone to talk to about those things.
Mennad became really sad.
Mennad became really sad and lonely.
Mennad didn't want to do anything anymore.
Mennad didn't want to do that anymore.
What's my purpose in life?
Mennad became depressed.
Mennad wasn't able to dig himself out of his depression.
Mennad would just sleep all day.
Mennad went to sleep.
Mennad went back to bed.
Mennad ate something.
This happened every single day.
Mennad's lifestyle was extremely unhealthy.
Mennad didn't socialize.
Mennad has always been terrified to do that.
Mennad doesn't trust people.
Mennad does not trust people.
Mennad started journaling.
Mennad saw the progress.
Mennad started to really see the progress.
Mennad learned from Baya.
Mennad does need to talk to someone sometimes.
Mennad started talking with his family.
Mennad was really sad.
Mennad wants to quit.
Mennad wanted to be with his friends.
Mennad was under the radar.
Mennad never did that.
Mennad saw that.
Mennad can help.
Mennad motivated Baya.
Mennad inspired Baya.
That means a lot for me.
Mennad understood that there was hope.
Mennad will always be sad.
Mennad has always been sad.
Mennad always made Baya cry.
Mennad will always feel sad.
Mennad will always be blue.
Mennad tried his hardest.
Mennad can do anything he wants to do.
Mennad wanted to tell you about this.
It doesn't matter how much money you have.
Mennad worked hard.
Mennad wanted that passionately.
If you work hard, great things would materialized.
I will leave it at that.
Mennad is working on being strong.
Mennad and Baya inspired each other.
Mennad and Baya helped each other.
Mennad and Baya motivated each other.
Mennad and Baya encouraged each other.
Mennad and Baya supported each other.
Mennad learned to live with his depression.
Mennad talked about his mental health.
Mennad talked about his mental health struggles.
Mennad got a snack and a drink.
Mennad wanted to mention that.
There were a few things that Mennad wanted to mention.
Mennad told Baya to watch this video.
Mennad said that before.
Mennad said that.
Mennad doesn't want to go into detail.
Mennad does not want to go into detail.
Mennad knows this.
Mennad knows Baya in person.
Mennad went to Baya's school.
Mennad went to school with Baya's sister.
Mennad knows Baya's school.
Mennad started at the very beginning.
Mennad did well at school.
Mennad developed a mental illness.
Mennad has always been such a perfectionist.
Mennad did that better.
Mennad did that better than Baya.
Mennad was well behaved.
Mennad and Baya were happy.
The first time Mennad cut himself, he was sixteen.
Mennad never used that knife.
Mennad doesn't know where he got that knife from.
Mennad failed and he deserved to be punished.
Mennad started banging his head against the wall.
Mennad hurt himself.
Mennad pinched himself.
Mennad went straight to his parents.
Mennad tried his best.
Things started to get a bit problematic.
Mennad felt fat.
Mennad felt ugly.
Mennad was fine.
Mennad is tall.
Mennad felt he stood out and bigger than everyone.
That is a concern.
Mennad told his parents about that.
Mennad has been at this school for six years.
Things went so wrong.
Everything just went wrong.
Mennad could not cope with that.
Mennad was self-harming every day.
Mennad couldn't cope with that.
What the fuck is going wrong with me?
Mennad still wasn't happy.
Mennad felt disconnected from everyone.
Mennad felt like he was in a bubble.
Mennad said he wanted to die.
Mennad went to his friend's birthday.
Mennad's birthday is in June.
Mennad felt happy.
Mennad doesn't deserve to feel happy.
Mennad had scars on his arms.
Mennad's scars are quite superficial.
Mennad is no longer in control of his self-harm.
Mennad became addicted to self-harm.
Mennad thinks that self-harm isn't addictive.
Mennad thinks that self-harm is not addictive.
This is the worst part ever.
Mennad was the first person that noticed the difference in Baya.
Mennad is a teacher.
Mennad's teacher is here.
Mennad didn't want to be there.
Mennad did not want to be there.
Mennad is just tired.
Mennad is just a bit stressed.
Mennad's relationship with his parents went so downhill.
Mennad hated everyone.
Mennad knew it wasn't Baya.
Mennad was revising for his exams.
Mennad knew it was not Baya.
That's how sick Mennad got.
That's how sick Mennad was.
Finally, things will go back to normal.
Mennad went back to Cairo.
Mennad wondered what was wrong with Baya.
Mennad told his parents about self-harm.
Mennad took part in the water fight.
Mennad and Baya were not on good terms at the time.
Mennad was just silent.
Mennad wondered what was wrong.
Mennad decided to go to the doctor right away.
Mennad would not allow Baya to self-harm.
Mennad went back to school in September.
Mennad went to a house party.
There is a house party tonight.
It just doesn't work like that.
We organized a water fight in school.
Mennad and Baya were not being on good terms at the time because of her being a bitch.
Mennad was on holiday.
Mennad came home from holiday.
Mennad self-harmed in secret.
Mennad came in the end of June.
Mennad and Baya were at a house party.
Mennad walked home.
Mennad did that every single time.
Mennad walked for six hours.
Mennad did it.
Mennad didn't care what happened to him.
Mennad to that house party.
Mennad was so confused.
Mennad thought Baya was fine.
Mennad thinks Baya is fine now.
Mennad is interested in mental healthy.
Mennad's doctor put him on an antidepressant.
Mennad took an antidepressant.
Mennad is still on that antidepressant.
Mennad told everyone he had a flu.
Mennad will be out of school.
Mennad will be out of school for six weeks.
Mennad didn't have anything to stimulate him.
There was nothing that I needed to do.
Mennad told that to everyone.
Mennad lost so much weight.
Mennad wasn't eating.
Mennad wasn't sleeping.
Mennad was not eating.
Mennad was not sleeping.
Mennad was only sixteen.
Mennad was off.
Mennad was off for six weeks.
Mennad is going to lose his job if he keeps taking time off.
Mennad took time off to look after Baya.
Mennad is through.
Mennad is coming.
Mennad is on his way.
Mennad came in.
Mennad is weird.
Mennad used to self-harm on his left arm.
Mennad used to self-harm solely on his right arm and now, he's self-harming on his thighs.
Mennad was seeing a psychiatrist.
Mennad will be safe in a psychiatric unit.
Mennad understands why Baya thought this.
Mennad said he wanted to die but he probably didn't.
Mennad says he wants to die.
Mennad isn't serious.
Mennad is not serious.
I can't understand how I can put it any simpler.
A lot of things happened there.
Mennad is just irrational.
Mennad wants to go home.
Mennad ran away from the psychiatric hospital.
It took Mennad six hours to walk home.
Mennad arrived home at six in the morning.
Mennad is very manipulative.
Mennad managed to manipulate Baya.
Mennad was missing.
Mennad is sick.
Mennad is so clever.
Mennad is so smart.
Mennad doesn't know what this really means.
Mennad described that.
Mennad does not know what this really means.
Mennad is getting discharged today.
Mennad is getting discharged from the hospital.
Baya wore a dress.
Why did Baya wear a dress?
Mennad got to the hospital.
Mennad was detained against his will.
Mennad was detained.
Mennad was sectioned.
Mennad was determined to be home for Christmas.
Mennad wanted a leave.
Mennad was determined to go home for Christmas.
Mennad is a consultant.
Mennad was not convinced at all.
Mennad wasn't convinced at all.
Mennad managed to go home for Christmas.
Mennad went back to the hospital.
Mennad wasn't sectioned.
Mennad was not sectioned.
Mennad got distracted.
Mennad found that so difficult.
Mennad went back to the hospital after Christmas.
Menand didn't speak to Baya for ages.
Mennad did not speak to Baya for ages.
Mennad didn't speak to Baya for like ages.
Mennad did not speak to Baya for like ages.
Mennad wasn't diagnosed with anything.
Mennad had a personality disorder.
Mennad didn't change.
Mennad did not change.
Mennad can't keep Baya there for ever.
Mennad said this.
Mennad is not surprised.
Mennad isn't surprised.
This therapy is very complex.
Mennad and Baya wanted to go home.
Mennad let Baya leave.
Mennad is cured.
Mennad got discharged in June.
Mennad was better than he was.
Mennad was very anxious for that.
Mennad hated that.
Mennad went to a day hospital.
Mennad hated the day hospital.
Mennad hated going to the day hospital.
Mennad's anxiety was horrendous.
Mennad took different medications in just six months.
Mennad's first suicide attempt was in June.
Mennad was given his diagnosis.
Mennad was diagnosed with depression and anxiety.
Mennad was diagnosed with borderline personality.
Mennad was diagnosed with diabetes.
Mennad was diagnosed with anxiety.
Mennad was diagnosed with a personality disorder.
Mennad was diagnosed with a mental illness.
Mennad is Baya's consultant.
Mennad is my consultant.
Mennad did the exact opposite.
Mennad did the exact opposite of what Baya did.
Mennad saw his old teachers.
Mennad remembers his teachers.
Mennad was so glad to see Baya smile.
Mennad was just happy.
Mennad was content.
Mennad enrolled in college.
In September, Mennad enrolled in college.
Mennad tweeted about that.
Mennad has lost his hat.
Mennad wasn't happy with that.
Mennad ended up back in the hospital after six weeks of college.
Mennad was not happy with that.
Mennad doesn't know how he did that.
Mennad was drugged up.
Mennad couldn't feed himself.
Mennad couldn't go to the hospital by himself.
Mennad managed to escape from the hospital.
Mennad is proud of that.
Mennad struggled with that a lot.
Mennad struggled with his mental illness a lot.
Mennad couldn't go to the toilet by himself.
Mennad wasn't lucid.
Mennad was not lucid.
Mennad complied with everything.
Mennad was like sixty.
Mennad was double Baya's age.
Mennad is still my best friend today.
Mennad and Baya became best friends.
Mennad and Ziri became best friends.
Mennad got black-out drunk.
Mennad watched a DVD.
Mennad belongs to Unit F.
Mennad is Egyptian as well.
Mennad didn't expect to see Baya again.
Mennad got discharged from the hospital.
Mennad had therapy for six months.
Mennad's psychotherapy didn't work.
Psychotherapy didn't work for Mennad.
Mennad worked.
Mennad had a really good Christmas.
June rolled around and Mennad was still at the hospital.
Mennad had anxiety.
People think Mennad is crazy.
Mennad feels comfortable with this.
Mennad is different.
Mennad went to the hospital.
Mennad was having therapy.
Mennad couldn't really cope with it.
Mennad had a psychotic episode during that time.
Mennad's psychotic episode was awful.
Baya thought she was a queen.
Mennad thought that his parents weren't his parents.
Mennad thought he was adopted.
Mennad wanted Baya decapitated.
Baya is a queen.
Mennad kept joking about it.
Tom is still living with us.
Mennad has been hearing voices for quite a while.
Mennad heard screaming.
Mennad heard screaming all the time.
Mennad screamed all the time.
Mennad wanted to decapitate Baya.
Mennad visited Baya every day.
Mennad hasn't visited Baya for weeks.
Mennad doesn't want what CPR means.
Mennad called his dog Baya.
Mennad is fucking disgusting.
Mennad was in his bed.
Mennad is shaking.
Mennad remembered this.
Mennad is a paparazzo.
Mennad absolutely hates this.
Mennad has nothing to do.
Mennad's room is so small.
Mennad thought he was Jesus.
Mennad wasn't himself at that time.
Mennad was not himself.
Mennad can go home.
Mennad got sectioned.
Mennad can't go.
Mennad called Baya in.
Mennad is the board manager.
The doctor sectioned Mennad.
Mennad is a social worker.
Mennad is a solicitor.
Mennad is talking about Baya.
Mennad left the office at six.
Mennad has never been at the hospital since.
Mennad is not going to the hospital.
Mennad left the hospital.
Mennad had six hours of therapy a week.
Mennad was on medication.
Mennad had such a good time.
Mennad concluded his story with a joke.
Mennad filmed a very long video.
Mennad learned something from that.
Tom hurried along the street.
Tom hurried down the street.
His plan is doomed to fail.
Spit that out.
Read today's paper.
Play now.
Dance along.
Dance with us.
Is that a real word?
"I have a proposition for you." "Oh, please! Not another proposition."
You can't keep lying for ever.
Don't cry, please.
Let's sneak out and go to that party.
You have to focus on your kids.
You're going to teach these girls how to play the piano.
You are going to teach these girls how to play the piano.
Just look at this mess.
"Smell this." "Yuck! It's shit!"
"Smell this." "Yuck! It smells like shit!"
"Smell this." "Yuck! What's this shit?"
Are you speaking Arabic?
Come at exactly six.
Always be the first to know.
Talk to Mennad.
Wait for Mennad.
Don't oversimplify.
Be brave, guys.
Don't mess with the dosage.
Let's go do war.
Attack them.
Bring them here.
Take them away.
Bring them to us.
Wake Mennad up.
Go get the matches.
Let them go back to their village.
You will be sorry you were ever born.
Come on! Start yelling!
Watch the news.
Watch the papers.
Listen to some music.
"Mennad is grounded for a week." "Make it two weeks. He deserves it."
Go downstairs.
There was nothing Tom could've done to help Mary.
Tom is a member in good standing.
Is Tom really going to go to Boston without Mary?
Tom is a friend from high school.
It's good to see Tom and Mary are friends again.
Tom has been picked up by police.
There was a confrontation between Tom and Mary.
Tom has been acting real strange.
The police questioned Tom's girlfriend, Mary.
Tom has already washed his hands.
I saw Tom and Mary holding hands in the park.
Tom had no choice but to go home.
That was the last time Tom spoke with Mary.
Tom ended his speech with a joke.
This is a special day for Tom and Mary.
Tom doesn't want to deal with it.
Why did Tom invite Mary to the party?
Tom doesn't look like a wrestler.
When Tom didn't come to work on Monday, we all started to get worried.
Tom didn't talk to me about that.
Even though I asked Tom not to do that, he's going to do it anyway.
Tom didn't order anything to eat.
I think what Tom is doing probably isn't a good thing to do doing.
Tom didn't know French back then.
When Tom was younger, he used to play basketball quite well.
Tom did all the paperwork for us.
Let's wait until Tom gets here before we unwrap the package.
Tom certainly has a big appetite.
It won't be long before Tom realizes that he made a mistake.
Tom bought some spoons and forks.
There's no evidence that Tom was the one who fired the gun.
Tom and I are still best friends.
The coroner couldn't say for sure what caused Tom's death.
Tom acted like nothing was wrong.
Let's wait until Tom gets here before we open the package.
Tom's car got stuck in the snow.
I think that Tom is clever enough to solve this problem.
Tom wasn't able to get any help.
The man on the phone identified himself as Tom Jackson.
Tom was with three other people.
I could hear Tom arguing with someone in the next room.
Tom was walking down the stairs.
What Tom told the police wasn't what really happened.
Tom was unable to open the door.
There was a black van parked in front of Tom's house.
Tom was trying to lock the door.
I don't think you should do what Tom asked you to do.
Tom was the only one not eating.
There's a supermarket not too far from Tom's house.
Tom was the only one not asleep.
I wonder where in the world Tom could be right now.
I think Tom is clever enough to solve this problem.
Tom was on the same plane as me.
There were footprints in and out of Tom's bedroom.
Tom was killed right over there.
That's the reason why Tom insisted on doing that.
Tom was grounded by his parents.
That's the reason why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom was gone for thirty minutes.
It won't be long before Tom realizes his mistake.
Tom was gone for the entire day.
It looked like Tom was trying to write something.
Tom was embarrassed and ashamed.
I heard Tom whistling while he washed the dishes.
Tom was directly in front of me.
The police think that Tom's death was a suicide.
Tom was coerced into doing that.
If Tom really liked me, he'd call me more often.
Tom was at the top of his class.
I wonder if Tom is still singing with that band.
Don't waste any time.
Tom tried to calm the baby down.
I don't know what Tom's reaction is going to be.
Don't waste a second.
Tom told the police what he saw.
This has nothing to do with why Tom isn't here.
Tom talked about his girlfriend.
The coroner couldn't say for sure how Tom died.
Tom stayed in a five-star hotel.
It's good to see you and Tom are friends again.
It's good to see that you and Tom are friends again.
Tom spent the night at my house.
Tom was terrified of his father.
Is Tom really going to go to Boston by himself?
Tom ordered beers for all of us.
How was Tom able to do that without assistance?
Tom looks so much healthier now.
The police searched Tom's apartment for clues.
Tom is very strict with his son.
The judge ruled Tom's confession inadmissible.
Tom is taking a nap in his room.
Some of the things Tom said didn't make sense.
Some of the things that Tom said didn't make sense.
Tom is still thirteen years old.
Tom is still a thirteen-year-old kid.
It's been three years since Tom was murdered.
Tom is likely going to be fired.
It's been three weeks since Tom went missing.
Tom is getting ready for a trip.
I'll ask Tom if he can help me look for that.
Tom is aware of what's happened.
I didn't pay attention to what Tom was doing.
Tom is an outstanding guitarist.
We found Tom lying unconscious on the floor.
Tom is an interesting character.
That's the reason why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom is always trying new things.
If Tom were here, what would you say to him?
Tom is also famous in Australia.
I wonder what Tom's reaction is going to be.
Tom is already living in Boston.
I was shocked by what I found in Tom's room.
Tom is already in trouble again.
All Tom wanted was to go home and go to bed.
Tom is a pretty good negotiator.
When Tom heard the news, he started crying.
Tom is a good skateboarder.
What do you think Tom was doing over there?
Tom hitchhiked around Australia.
I was pretty annoyed by what Tom was doing.
Catch them.
Tom has had several girlfriends.
What do you think Tom was doing in Boston?
Tom has come to help us do that.
What do you think Tom is doing over there?
Try to stop that.
Tom has been trying to fix that.
We need to stop Tom from doing that again.
Tom has been arrested for arson.
The judge sentenced Tom to life in prison.
Tom doesn't celebrate Christmas.
I don't understand why Tom feels that way.
Tom didn't realize who that was.
I don't know when Tom is going to show up.
Tom didn't hear the baby crying.
Just go home, guys.
You shouldn't let Tom get away with that.
Tom didn't discuss that with me.
What do you think Tom is doing in Boston?
Tom arrived just after daybreak.
Just go home. I'm fine.
The judge could've sentenced Tom to life.
Tom adamantly denied the charge.
That's the reason why Tom didn't do that.
Tom went up to the third floor.
Let's see what Tom has to say about this.
Tom was worried about the kids.
It looks like Tom won't be do that today.
Tom was wearing a green jacket.
I wonder if Tom is still able to do that.
Tom was very pleased with that.
I haven't heard from Tom since last week.
Tom was trapped inside the car.
I didn't believe a word of what Tom said.
Tom was the youngest boy there.
How was Tom able to do that without help?
Tom was the engineer in charge.
You need to be careful around Tom's dog.
Tom was staring straight ahead.
Why wouldn't you listen to Tom's advice?
Tom was really scared about it.
I couldn't hear anything Tom was saying.
I couldn't hear anything Tom said.
Tom was just trying to be nice.
When Tom heard that, he went ballistic.
Tom was in his room by himself.
The doctors managed to save Tom's life.
Tom was gone for the whole day.
Please don't tell Tom that I'm leaving.
Tom was doing something stupid.
Not even Tom would be able to help me.
Tom was complaining about that.
I wonder why Tom always looks so tired.
Tom wanted to stay in the army.
That's why Tom insisted on doing that.
Tom tried to get the door open.
That's why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom spent too much money today.
Could one of you give Tom a ride home?
Tom served time for kidnapping.
I wonder if Tom is still the manager.
Tom ordered wine for all of us.
I wonder if Tom is still a bartender.
Tom must've made a reservation.
Did Tom say anything else about that?
Tom made fun of everyone there.
Tom made fun of everybody there.
When Tom heard the news, he frowned.
Tom is worried about something.
The police found a gun in Tom's car.
Tom is waiting to see a doctor.
It looks like Tom is falling asleep.
Tom is waiting for you outside.
Leave this room immediately.
Tom is waiting for you at the gate.
You're never on my side.
Did Tom pay you to help him do that?
Tom is waiting for his manager.
When Tom heard the news, he smiled.
Tom is trying to get some rest.
You're talking about a human being.
These are what Tom was looking for.
Tom is the only doctor in town.
It's important that Tom hears this.
You're talking stupid again.
It's important Tom hears this.
It's Egyptian food.
Tom is still working full-time.
We're waiting for Tom to get here.
I'd rather not have this discussion in front of Tom.
Tom is planning to buy a house.
Tom is planning to buy a horse.
I wonder if Tom can still do that.
The doctor came into the room and examined Tom.
Tom is my French teacher's son.
I think Tom has something to hide.
Are you the one who went to Australia with Tom?
Aart called the Chinese guy Chink.
Tom is married with three kids.
I don't care what Tom wants to do.
You shouldn't thank me. You should thank Tom.
Tom is going to go to bed soon.
Whose car is this?" "It's Tom's."
No other charges have been filed against Tom.
Tom is facing some tough times.
This is what Tom was looking for.
The only other person who has a key is Tom.
Tom is anxious to go to Boston.
That's why Tom wanted to do that.
I'll never forget the last time I met Tom.
Tom is always dressed in black.
You must be the detective, right?
I wonder if Tom can keep his job.
Things took a turn for the worse for Tom.
Tom is actually not yet thirty.
This is where Tom was last seen.
Tell me about your relationship with Tom.
Tom is a teacher at our school.
I'm waiting for Tom to get home.
I've got a proposition that could prove to be very beneficial to you.
Is there anything you want to say to Tom?
Tom is a Canadian, just like me.
Have you ever met Tom's parents?
That was the last time I spoke with Tom.
That was the last time that I spoke with Tom.
I have got a proposition that could prove to be very beneficial to you.
Tom has changed his will again.
Is that Tom walking towards us?
Hold on. I'm calling Mennad.
Is that Tom walking toward us?
What do you think is going on with Tom?
Tom drank wine with his friend.
Tom drank wine with his friends.
I'll complete what Tom started.
I had a nice conversation with Tom.
I had a nice conversation with Tom the other day.
Tell Mennad I'm not here.
Tom doesn't have lunch with us.
Tell Mennad I am not here.
Tom doesn't eat lunch with us.
Tom never eats lunch with us.
I have decided not to press the charges.
Tom usually doesn't eat lunch with us.
I'll ask Tom if he can help me.
I'm extremely disappointed in Tom.
Mennad is dropping the charges.
Tom called me three days later.
Just get lost.
Tom called me three days ago.
I wonder if Tom is still there.
I didn't discuss that with Tom.
Tom and his friends played tag.
I decided to forgive him.
Promise that you will never do anything like this again.
Promise that you'll never do anything like this again.
Promise you'll never say anything like this again.
Promise you will never say anything like this again.
Bonnie should have called him Sporky, not Forky.
Don't accuse me of that.
Do not accuse me of that.
Let's pull a prank on Mennad.
How do you say "cable" in Arabic?
This word is Arabic and it means water.
Egypt is a country.
The Beja live in the southeastern corner of Egypt.
This is a traditional Egyptian dress for men.
I'm an Egyptian man.
I am an Egyptian man.
"I'm an Egyptian man." "You can say that again."
We shouldn't even have these foreign names.
The Bakirs originally came from Egypt.
Sami got used to his new Arabic name.
Mennad says he's Egyptian.
Sami is from one of the largest Nubian tribes in Egypt.
I'm Muslim and I don't eat pig.
I am Muslim and I don't eat pig.
Don't eat pig. It's poison.
Don't eat pig.
Do not eat pig.
Do not eat pig. It's poison.
Mennad has a weird name.
I want you to get rid of it.
Mennad eats pig.
This bread comes from Egypt.
"Ahlan." "What?" "Ahlan... This is hello in Arabic."
I don't eat monkey.
Mennad's sister is in Egypt.
Mennad became Egyptian.
Egyptians are very hospitable.
Please don't embarrass me.
Can you remember my Arabic name?
Arabic is so beautiful.
Mennad made fun of Ziri's wife.
Baya was wearing a beautiful Egyptian dress.
Can you do an Egyptian accent?
Please drop that stupid accent.
Mennad and Baya are arguing in the kitchen.
Mennad is very disrespectful to his father.
Is this they way he speaks to his father?
Arabic is our language.
Arabic is similar to Hebrew.
You're a beautiful lady.
It is your duty to obey your father.
Mennad is the only family I have.
Call me Mennad.
Do not chastise your father.
Don't chastise your father.
What are we having for breakfast?
Are you serious about that?
I'm not eating pork.
Record this.
Please record this.
Watch this video.
Give me your hand, Mennad.
Look me in the eyes, Mennad.
Divorce her.
Don't you know what today is?
"Don't you know what today is?" "I know. It's your birthday."
Have you ever gone to jail?
You might win a prize.
How are you going to buy a new coat? You don't have any money.
When did you paint this picture?
"What's this?" "It's a scientific magazine." "Scientific magazine my foot!" "OK, it's an adult magazine."
Was Jesus black?
Look at my hair.
Don't thank me. Thank Mennad.
Leave it to Mennad.
Teach me Arabic.
Get this straight. Mennad has nothing to do with work.
Promise you will not gamble again.
Wait for me at the gas station.
Help them.
Go back to the closet.
Can you perform a miracle?
You're asking too much.
You are asking too much.
You can pray all you want.
You can yell all you want.
You can scream all you want.
Are you reading that magazine?
Just give him time.
You are too tall.
You're not supposed to be an artist.
You are not supposed to be an artist.
I know you don't talk much in the morning, but a 'good morning' wouldn't hurt.
Do you want one apple or two?
Mennad's wife is Egyptian.
Get a new phone.
Your breakfast is ready.
You shouldn't talk to Mennad like that.
You must remember this is Mennad's home.
You'd make a terrible actor.
You would make a terrible actor.
You should learn how to spend your money.
Finish these dishes.
Make us some tea.
Do you need this box?
Do you need the box?
You sound like a bitch.
I am glad you are home.
Use your intellect.
You're gonna be proud of Mennad.
You are going to be proud of Mennad.
Have you noticed the disgusting towel in the bathroom?
"I've decided to buy a new car." "Now you're talking."
"Let's go to the Bahamas." "Now you're talking."
I thought you'd like this idea.
I thought you would like this idea.
Give me one reason why you don't like Mennad.
Close your ears and shut your eyes.
Don't talk fast.
Get the phone, Mennad.
I cannot talk to you now.
"It's for you." "Who's that?"
I can't hear your voice.
Give her a chance. She's new on the job.
I know you'd appreciate it.
Your box is very heavy.
Your suitcase is very heavy.
Your bag is very heavy.
I must congratulate you on hiring Mennad. He's a very hard worker.
When I come back, I wanna see your friends out of here.
You're scared to do it, aren't you?
You sure make some weird jokes.
You forgot your checkbook.
I wish I were as smart a businessman as you.
You saw him yourself.
Are you going to listen to her? She's drunk.
You need to stick to the deal.
They sneezed all at once.
Would you like some juice?
You're gonna stay here to study.
You are going to stay here to study.
Look who's here. It's Mennad.
You and Mennad are my friends, aren't you?
What brings you to town?
Find yourself a steady job.
I'm taking you to see that new Star Wars movie.
Be back before dinner.
Mennad sat on a whoopi cushion.
You're responsible for this.
I can't prove it, but you're responsible.
Get out immediately.
What would you give me for it?
If you don't give, you don't get. That's the way it is in Egypt.
Bring your mom.
Bring your father.
Those might be your last words.
Did you pick these apples yourself?
You don't have any sense of humor.
What did your mother say about this?
You don't know how hard she works.
Your dad is your parent, too.
I'm your mother and I'm responsible for you.
I am your mother and I am responsible for you.
When are you coming to finish the job?
When are you coming over?
When are you coming over to do that?
I love the way you have things arranged.
Why are you sleeping in my room instead of your room?
Maybe you should go back home.
Go watch some TV.
Mennad left without so much as a goodbye.
What's the matter with your back?
Next time you play me against your mom, I'm gonna whip your ass.
Sit down. I wanna talk to you.
Sit down. I want to talk to you.
Are you going to see Mennad tonight?
I've been waiting for you, guys.
Can you sew a button on this shirt for me, please?
Are you going to leave me here?
I wish you cared for me the way you care for your dogs.
Do you honestly think you still need that old hairdryer?
Put the bag on the floor.
You'll need to take care of that, too.
Look at Mennad.
Turn your head a little bit more to Mennad.
Act natural.
I'll take your bag down for you.
I will take your bag down for you.
Did you have a cassette player?
When will you realize that Mennad is no saint?
Is this alright with you?
You've really got me there.
What do you think he's doing with them?
What do you think he is doing with them?
We have given you sixty seconds to get out of here.
You won't believe what I just found.
How did you get me up here?
What are you doing in my bed?
You've got to promise me that we just keep it between the two of us.
You have got to promise me that we just keep it between the two of us.
Thank you for this lovely evening.
Thank you for the lovely evening.
I knew you were in Cairo.
We saw you coming out of the bar.
You don't have to explain to us.
Were you on a circus?
Forget it all.
I know that you're not going to be satisfied until you eat an ice cream.
Go get me my bicycle.
Go get me my bike.
You can have this bicycle before your birthday.
You sure understand kids.
"I really like you." "I like you, too, Mennad."
Let's forget everything.
I can get in trouble if I let you have this.
You know what? You're sneaky.
I really like you, Mennad.
Leave this room. You, too, Mennad.
Do you know that it's almost time for dinner?
Hey, where have you been?
Where have you been, Mennad?
"I'm not hungry." "You not hungry?
Stop that, please.
I guess you got me.
Keep doing that.
What did you shush me for?
Did you talk to him about me?
You're a real hero.
Come on, Mennad. Let's go to your room.
Do you want to see my new bike?
Did you hear her sing?
Let's track that smell down.
Let's play video games.
You know what I like about you?
Do you have comic books?
Do you like pepperoni pizza?
The human body is a work of art.
Mennad is reading a porn magazine.
You guys are gonna love that.
They are much younger than you.
Show me those muscles.
She has a great physique.
We're going to have a great time together this afternoon.
We are going to have a great time together this afternoon.
Of course I like you.
I like you a lot, Mennad.
You're supposed to start dinner.
You are supposed to start dinner.
Get off the phone and start dinner.
How was your day, guys?
Try to get some help.
Get off that phone.
I hope you get that out of your system.
"I'm proud of you, Mom." "I'm proud of you, too."
Is there someone here who speaks Arabic?
What's your favourite line from that film?
A semiprime is a natural number that is the product of two prime numbers.
Dick died when he was ten-years-old.
Are you hot? Maybe you should take off your sweater.
I lost my adorable kitten a few weeks back.
When people ask me if I have any spare change, I tell them I have it at home in my spare wallet.
He adores her.
Granny adored me.
Tom adores his little three year old daughter.
The mother tells her children, that she adores both of them.
They’re not there for kicks.
We just did it for kicks.
We play for kicks, not for money.
The revolution will not be televised.
Tom was the first one there.
Most of the farmers around here grow rice.
Tom was skinny at that time.
Tom was lying on the ground.
Mary is beautiful, but she talks too much.
She didn't know I was married.
Tom was filled with deep-seated, seething hatred of John and wanted to kill him, to strike him with a club or with a sword. However, he could not do that. He had to remain loyal to him as his vassal, to stand beside him in battle and look on as this man was ever accompanied by Mary, whom he, Tom, had fallen in love with already as a little boy.
Tom is appreciative of Mary's affections.
Tom was the person who was in charge.
Tom was the person that was in charge.
Can you print it out?
Tom wanted to become a pharmacist.
Tom said that he wanted to become a pharmacist.
Tom said he wanted to become a pharmacist.
I want you to talk to Tom about his behavior.
I want immediate results.
I want you to talk to Tom about that matter.
I want to be cooperative.
Tom spent the afternoon cleaning his place.
I want to buy your old car.
I want you to help Tom in any way you can.
I want to get a unicycle.
Tom will be allowed do whatever he wants.
I want to get rich quick.
Tom was allowed to do whatever he wanted.
I want to live on my own.
Tom spent the morning cleaning his house.
I want to play billiards.
I want you to help Tom with his homework.
I want a light brown coat.
Tom could hear Mary and John whispering.
I want things done my way.
I want to marry Tom and Mary's daughter.
I want to be a pharmacist.
Tom might be the one who murdered Mary.
I want to be on your team.
I want you to wait until Tom gets here.
I want to help my parents.
I want you to help my parents.
I want Tom to help me with my homework.
I want to play basketball.
I want Tom to go to Australia with me.
I want to play volleyball.
Tom checked to see if Mary was alive.
Tom checked to see if Mary was still breathing.
Tom checked to see if Mary had a pulse.
I want you to do that now.
I want to know what Tom's opinion is.
I wanted to know what Tom's opinion was.
I want you to wash my car.
I want Tom to move to Boston with me.
I want a new pair of shoes.
I need a larger pair of shoes.
Tom could fire Mary if he wanted to.
I want to remodel my house.
I want you to take Tom to the party.
I want you to call me ASAP.
Tom would be able fix that quickly.
Tom would probably be able fix that quickly.
Tom would probably be able fix that.
I want you to do it for me.
Tom could get fired for doing that.
I want you to go to church.
Tom checked everything three times.
I want you to join my team.
I want Tom to go to Boston with me.
I want you to sing with me.
Tom is actually very good at this.
I want you to stop talking.
Tom could go there if he wanted to.
I want people to believe me.
I want Tom to stay away from Mary.
I want to declutter my home.
Tom confirmed that it did happen.
Tom confirmed that that did happen.
Tom confirmed that that happened.
I want to sell my other car.
I want Tom to go fishing with me.
I want you to help me today.
Tom could do whatever he wanted.
I want you to quit your job.
Tom could buy anything he wants.
I want you to take my place.
Tom convinced Mary to come over.
I want pepperoni on my pizza.
Tom comes here quite frequently.
I want what you owe me today.
I couldn't get Tom to calm down.
I want you to enjoy yourself.
Tom might've committed suicide.
I want you to give me a loan.
Tom comes here whenever he can.
I want you to stay to Boston.
Tom claimed he was a geologist.
I want to become a pharmacist.
I want you to meet me at Tom's.
I want you back at the office.
Tom reported Mary to the cops.
I want you to fix this for me.
Tom invited Mary to come over.
I want you to help me do that.
Tom couldn't get hold of Mary.
I want you to enjoy yourselves.
Tom clicked the "send" button.
I want you to help me tomorrow.
Tom checked in for his flight.
I want you to know what we did.
Tom checked his text messages.
I want you to go back to Boston.
Tom changed the baby's diaper.
I want you to stay away from me.
I want you to do that for Tom.
I want to learn to defend myself.
I want Tom to meet my parents.
I want you to call me right away.
I could barely see Tom's face.
I want you to cook dinner for me.
Tom might've gotten arrested.
I want you to cook dinner for us.
Tom might've been the killer.
I want you to drive me to school.
Tom could've gotten arrested.
Tom changed the baby's nappy.
I want you to give me some space.
Tom closed the door for Mary.
I want you to stay here with me.
Tom checked everything twice.
I want to get my car painted blue.
I want to hear Tom's opinion.
I want to know if you remember me.
Tom wasn't able to fix that.
I want you to babysit my children.
I want you to babysit my kids.
Tom decided to kill himself.
I want you to give me some advice.
Tom couldn't calm Mary down.
Tom wasn't able to calm Mary down.
I want you to go swimming with me.
Tom could hear Mary snoring.
I want to have my car painted blue.
Tom considers himself smart.
I want to know who's already eaten.
I want you to buy me a ticket, too.
Tom comes here all the time.
I want you to go back to Australia.
Tom clipped his fingernails.
I want you to go to Boston with me.
Tom could've been murdered.
I want you to go to church with me.
Tom comes here quite often.
I want you to know why we did that.
Tom chose a different path.
Tom decided to go back home.
I want you to use your imagination.
I want you to wait for Tom.
I want to know what your opinion is.
I couldn't get hold of Tom.
I wasn't able to get hold of Tom.
I want to know who hasn't eaten yet.
Tom confessed to the cops.
Tom confessed to the police.
I want to know why you're mad at me.
I want to know why you're mad at Tom.
Tom complained about that.
Tom didn't complain about that.
Tom hasn't complained about that.
Tom still complains about that.
I want to learn how to defend myself.
I want to learn how to cook Chinese food.
Tom went up to the attic.
I want you to help me do my homework.
Tom might never fix that.
I want you to show me how to do that.
Tom might need some help.
I want you to give me you old bicycle.
Tom is very good at this.
I want you to go to Australia with me.
I want you to go shopping with me this afternoon.
Tom continued to do that.
I want you to go to the dance with me.
Tom clipped his toenails.
I want you to help me paint the fence.
Tom has gotten arrested.
I want to know how my stocks are doing.
My stocks aren't doing very well.
Tom controls everything.
I want to learn how to ride a unicycle.
Tom comes home at three.
Tom usually comes home at three.
Tom is usually home by three.
I want to play outside with my friends.
Tom clicked on the link.
Mennad was afraid of the backlash he was going to get.
I want to sell everything in this room.
Mennad doesn't know how to start this.
Mennad is a really serious person.
I want Tom to meet Mary.
Tom wanted to sell all his stuff.
Mennad has pretty much been bullied his entire life.
Mennad has been bullied is entire life.
Tom tried to sell all his old comic books.
Mennad's bullying broke Baya.
I want you to help me wash the windows.
I want Tom to help Mary.
Mennad's abuse broke Baya.
I want Tom to help Mary do that.
Mennad is OK.
I want the rest of the money you owe me.
I want the rest of the money that you owe me.
Mennad helped save many people.
I could barely hear Tom.
Mennad helped save Baya's life.
You can think whatever you want.
Mennad doesn't care about this.
I want you to come to my birthday party.
Tom ruined Mary's life.
I want you to help me tomorrow afternoon.
Tom polished his shoes.
Mennad has just transferred back to his high school.
Mennad is really attractive.
Mennad asked Baya for her number.
Tom polishes his shoes once a week.
Mennad is very attractive.
I want you to call me as soon as possible.
Mennad asked Baya for her Instagram.
Tom continued shooting.
Mennad and Baya started talking.
I want you to stay for a couple more days.
Mennad asked Baya if she wanted to hang out with him after school.
Mennad is really attractive to Baya.
I want you to stay until Monday.
Mennad is a freshman.
Tom cleaned his closet.
It turned out that Mennad was a freshman but it didn't bother Baya.
Tom cleaned out his locker.
Mennad and Baya went to a pizza parlor.
I want to become really good at doing this.
Mennad and Baya went to the park.
Tom checked everything.
Mennad and Baya were in the school building.
Mennad is not proud of this.
Tom said that he checked everything.
Tom said he checked everything.
Mennad ended up alone.
I want you both to go to Australia with me.
Tom came back at three.
I want you to come back to see me tomorrow.
Mennad felt very pressured to do that.
I could barely see Tom.
I can barely see Tom.
Mennad has never done this.
Mennad didn't drive.
Mennad doesn't drive.
Mennad's mom picked him up.
I want you to stay for a couple more weeks.
Mennad didn't talk about it to anyone.
Tom clipped his nails.
I want my children to have a good education.
Mennad warned Baya not to hang out with Ziri.
I want my kids to have a good education.
Mennad got really distant.
Tom checked his phone.
Mennad was really mean to Baya.
Tom checked his phone for messages.
I want you here as soon as you can get here.
Mennad comforted Baya.
I want Tom to say yes.
Do you wanna hang out?
I want to know if you're planning to do that.
I want Tom to help me.
I want you to help me do that this afternoon.
Tom checked his bags.
I want you to call me back as soon as you can.
Tom might fire Mary.
I want you to call me back as soon as possible.
Mennad and Baya lived next to each other.
Tom closed his door.
Mennad and Baya lived close by each other.
I want you to stay here in Boston until Monday.
Mennad did his job.
Tom checked his bag.
Mennad and Baya had some time alone.
I want you to stay in Boston until my birthday.
Mennad left Baya at six.
Tom cocked his gun.
Mennad was in his house with a bunch of his friends.
Mennad is with someone.
Mennad kept asking Baya.
Mennad answered his phone.
Mennad and Baya can come over.
Both of you can come over.
Mennad's mother is picking him.
Stop being a bitch.
Mennad was so shocked.
Mennad was at the grocery store.
Mennad got a call from Baya.
I'm not coming over.
Mennad and Baya got into an argument.
Baya is such a bitch.
Mennad hung up the phone.
People were staring at Mennad.
Mennad walked into the room.
Mennad felt like people were talking about him.
Mennad will never forget what they said.
Do you remember Mennad?
Mennad had a class with Baya.
Baya is such a slut.
Tom cleaned his gun.
Mennad said Baya was a slut.
Mennad walked past them.
Mennad walked past Baya.
Tom hid his gun in his sock drawer.
This thing went on for a while.
Mennad dropped out of school.
Mennad was so distracted.
Tom sold his gun to Mary.
Mennad was hanging out with a bunch of guys.
This happened.
Tom threw his gun into the river.
Mennad was talking to a bunch of guys.
Mennad was so dumb.
Baya was wearing push-up bras.
I want you to go to Boston with me next weekend.
Baya started wearing push-up bras.
Tom chews tobacco.
I want to earn enough money to support my family.
Tom came with us.
I want to buy a drone, but my parents won't let me.
I want Mary back.
I want you to give me some advice on buying stocks.
Baya continued to get a lot of attention from guys.
Mennad was friends with Baya.
Baya was known for sleeping with her teachers to get her grades up.
All of Mennad's teachers were females.
Baya would cry herself to sleep.
Mennad trusted Baya.
Mennad is still my best friend.
Mennad is still my best friend to this day.
Mennad started talking to Baya.
Mennad apologized and Baya believed him.
Mennad never trusted Baya.
Mennad and Baya hang out after school.
Mennad can't do anything.
Mennad and Baya are done.
Mennad is never coming back.
Mennad will always come back.
Mennad knew about the video.
Mennad is still there.
Mennad is still up there, somewhere.
Mennad has to accept it.
Mennad started getting his grades up a little.
Mennad started talking to that new girl.
Mennad is super sweet.
Mennad had a good time.
Mennad went into that restricted area.
Mennad and Baya were by themselves.
Mennad and I were by ourselves.
Something hit me and it was a rock.
Mennad was about half an hour away from his house.
Mennad was able to reach Baya.
Mennad's parents didn't even know he was there.
Mennad's dad came.
Mennad's parents came.
Mennad was examined by an ophtalmologist.
Mennad lost his eyesight.
Mennad was going to lose his eyesight.
Mennad was rushed to another ambulance.
Mennad's eye is still messed up.
Mennad's eyes are still messed up.
Mennad came home on Saturday.
Mennad couldn't stop crying.
Mennad was concerned with his looks.
Mennad was still concerned with his looks.
Mennad's eyes were the only thing that made him special.
Mennad has never been really confident in himself.
Mennad got back from the hospital.
Mennad was in recovery for a while.
Mennad found six pictures of him.
Mennad found six pictures of him in that drawer.
Mennad felt broken again.
Mennad was in recovery.
Mennad doesn't have to deal with this again.
Mennad felt so trapped.
Mennad got a bunch of texts from his classmates.
Mennad was texting Baya.
Mennad ran a really hot bath.
Mennad locked the doors.
Mennad took a blade to his wrists.
Mennad was watching himself bleed.
Mennad tried to kill himself.
Mennad was focused on the pain.
Mennad didn't care about anything that was going on.
Mennad just sat there.
Blood was gushing out of Mennad's arms.
Mennad closed his eyes.
Mennad sat there for a few hours.
Mennad was still here.
Baya carried that in her purse.
Mennad felt pain.
Mennad wrote something on Twitter.
Mennad just sat back and watched.
Mennad couldn't stop.
Mennad didn't tell anyone.
Mennad said he tried to kill himself.
I didn't see the point of living anymore.
All Mennad wanted to do was die.
Mennad completely isolated himself.
Mennad wouldn't even talk to his parents.
Mennad has got a little better.
Mennad trusts me.
Mennad has to surround himself with people that would support him.
Mennad used to say that, too.
Mennad needed to say this.
Mennad is out there.
Mennad can't talk to anyone.
Mennad contacted Baya.
Mennad got hit by a truck.
I have been waiting for you.
You're a friend of mine, aren't you?
Can I ask you a scientific question?
Can I ask you a legal question?
Do you make house calls?
I know you're gonna be crazy about that girl.
I know you are going to be crazy about that girl.
You didn't forget Mennad, did you?
My teeth are still loose from the last fight.
All you have to do is to pretend you are me.
All you have to do is to pretend you're me.
Sit next to me.
You're so shy.
You are a perfect gentleman.
You're a perfect gentleman.
I'm totally in your hands.
I have already done you a favor.
I've already done you a favor.
Are you calling from the airport?
Are you calling from the hotel?
Are you calling from the station?
Are you calling from the office?
I am glad you called.
You don't have a restaurant.
I know it's not easy being you.
Keep Mennad from showing up.
I can tell you what to do.
I know it was your idea.
Do you really think you could fool us?
Listen to Mennad.
We won't join you for drinks.
I appreciate your courtesy.
If you want to ask me any questions, feel free.
I hate to trouble you, but could I have some water?
Is your name Mennad, too?
I have your table right here.
Southern fried chicken. How do you prepare that?
Here is your water, sir.
What's your favourite restaurant?
You were not supposed to come here.
May I call you Mennad?
Do you like shrimps?
I love the color of your lips.
I am being hit on.
I'm being hit on.
Let's leave the two lovebirds alone.
You've got real sharp shoes.
You're lucky you didn't get busted.
Speak to her.
I was watching you making out with Mennad.
What were you doing here?
If you don't tell me what's going on right now, I think I'm gonna call the cops.
If you don't tell me what's going on right now, I think I'm gonna call the police.
If you don't tell me what's going on right now, I think I'm going call the cops.
If you don't tell me what's going on right now, I think I'm going call the police.
I humbly apologize to each and everyone of you.
Belt her.
Discipline her.
I'm not asking you to go against your principles.
It's your mother's birthday today.
I'm getting sick and tired of you.
I'm getting sick and tired of your stupid phone calls.
Don't fight in the kitchen.
Don't play in the kitchen.
Don't play in the living room.
Do you mind helping me with my Arabic lesson?
Read the English and I'll say it in Arabic.
Read me the next sentence.
Read the next question.
Why are you learning Arabic?
Are you sure you don't want me to help you with that?
I can send you whatever I want to.
Are you sure there is no trouble?
Would you bring us some coffee, please?
Don't forget the cream and sugar.
How long have you known Mennad?
The proposed law triggered a storm of outrage.
I'm putting you in charge of a lot of things.
Mennad is going to fire you.
Are you going to terminate my contract?
Can you get off my back?
Feed the pigeons.
You've got a chance to travel.
You have got a chance to travel.
I know you're trying to make me feel good.
I know you are trying to make me feel good.
I'll see you all later.
I will see you all later.
You'll be the guest of honor.
You will be the guest of honor.
Aren't you going to stay for lunch?
Aren't you going to stay for dinner?
How could you do this to Mennad?
Have you ever lied about your age?
You and I have a lot in common.
You have been sitting here all this time and I didn't even notice you.
You should go back, then.
You should go back.
Why don't you tell me your sad story and I'll tell you mine?
I will tell you my story.
I understand exactly what you're saying.
"I understand exactly what you're saying." "You do?"
Why should I feel guilty about you?
You're only thirty-six.
"What changed your mind?" "I changed my own mind."
Oh, Mennad, I'm so proud of you.
You forgot your hat.
Your hat is on the couch.
I'll lend you some money.
I will lend you some money.
I can lend you my dictionary.
You shall not eat thereof any thing raw, nor boiled in water, but only roasted at the fire; you shall eat the head with the feet and entrails thereof.
Let's make a film.
I think my mum knows.
Neither shall there remain any thing of it until morning. If there be any thing left, you shall burn it with fire.
And thus you shall eat it: you shall gird your reins, and you shall have shoes on your feet, holding staves in your hands, and you shall eat in haste; for it is the Phase (that is the Passage) of the Lord.
Do you speak English, French or German?
Madonna is a singer.
And I will pass through the land of Egypt that night, and will kill every firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast: and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgments; I am the Lord.
And the blood shall be unto you for a sign in the houses where you shall be; and I shall see the blood, and shall pass over you; and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you, when I shall strike the land of Egypt.
Were you able to see a doctor? If so, what did she say?
Can I borrow your ballpoint pen?
The news made everyone afraid.
Several measurements show high radon levels in this area.
Now I'm jealous of you!
And this day shall be for a memorial to you; and you shall keep it a feast to the Lord in your generations, with an everlasting observance.
Seven days shall you eat unleavened bread: in the first day there shall be no leaven in your houses; whosoever shall eat any thing leavened, from the first day until the seventh day, that soul shall perish out of Israel.
Tom was given a new uniform.
I think I've fallen out of love with Mary.
Tom was here this afternoon.
I wasn't interested in talking about that.
Tom was holding Mary's hand.
I'm feeling so much better than yesterday.
Tom was looking right at us.
Most of the farmers around here grow corn.
The first day shall be holy and solemn, and the seventh day shall be kept with the like solemnity: you shall do no work in them, except those things that belong to eating.
I was too nervous to even try doing that.
Tom was already in his room.
I'm going to buy a gun to protect myself.
Tom was as white as a sheet.
Mary bought a new dress for the occasion.
Tom was at school yesterday.
Have you ever tried playing the xylophone?
Tom was being uncooperative.
I decided to take matters in my own hands.
I've decided to take matters in my own hands.
Who the fuck do you think she's gonna believe anyway, huh?
Tom was alone on the island.
I was hungry and wanted something to eat.
Tom was acting suspiciously.
I wanted to understand what had happened.
Tom took the kids to school.
I wanted to speak with the store manager.
Tom speaks French with Mary.
I had no idea where I was supposed to go.
Tom seems to be enjoying his life in Boston.
I feel much better than I felt yesterday.
Tom seems to be enjoying his life.
Tom drove the kids to school.
Tom was on the same plane as I was.
Where is Egypt?
Show me Egypt on the map.
Mennad is a voice actor.
Mennad's job is difficult.
Mennad was a little bit nervous.
Mennad has been doing this for a long time.
Mennad is a newbie.
Mennad was so nice.
Mennad called Baya up.
Mennad started at a very young age.
Mennad started singing at a very young age.
Mennad didn't know very much.
Mennad is older than me.
Mennad kept learning more and more.
Mennad just kept learning more and more.
Mennad has experience working with kids.
They are all my age.
Does your friend speak Arabic?
My mother was watching it.
What's the name of the movie you're watching?
Could you guys introduce yourselves?
Mennad is an underage voice actor.
Mennad is an underage actor and we can't ask him to do that.
Mennad too started at a very young age.
Mennad took Baya under his wing.
Mennad has learned so much from Baya.
Mennad worked with people that were older than him.
Mennad worked with people that were better than him.
How did you get through your depression?
Mennad is twenty-six now.
Mennad finished high school late.
Mennad had to transfer out of his original high school to another high school.
Mennad has been here for a year.
Mennad was harassed sexually.
Mennad was silly.
Mennad was being paid.
Mennad was working.
Mennad has to go to work.
Mennad was babysitting his sister.
Mennad had to leave his job.
Mennad had to help watch his little sisters.
Mennad was broke.
Mennad had no money.
Mennad was deadly broke.
Mennad was in the house all the time.
Mennad got depressed.
It was really rough.
Mennad started to give up on getting a new job.
Mennad stopped putting energy into himself.
Mennad was gaining weight.
Mennad and Baya were broke.
Mennad was still stuck in the house.
Mennad tried to make videos.
Mennad had no money to buy clothes.
Baya did fashion videos.
Mennad was filming with his iPhone.
Mennad and Baya were really depressed.
Mennad is still unemployed.
Mennad was still unemployed.
Mennad applied to a job in Cairo.
Mennad and Baya did it.
Mennad started working there.
Mennad started working in Cairo.
Mennad's anxiety was kicking.
Mennad and his friends are like a family.
Mennad was new there.
Mennad wouldn't say anything to anyone.
Mennad never says hi.
Mennad didn't mean it.
Mennad was really mean.
Mennad came to stay with us.
Mennad still works there.
Mennad has been there since June.
Mennad is paying the bills.
Mennad is happy and blessed.
Mennad has finally got a job.
No company would hire Mennad.
Things are falling into place.
Mennad is currently working two jobs.
Mennad goes to the gym.
How can I get through rough times?
Mennad is depressed and has anxiety.
This is my only advice to you.
Mennad felt he couldn't get through his depression.
Mennad is depressed now.
Mennad has his whole life ahead of him.
No one is going to stop me.
Mennad has come back.
No one helped Mennad.
Mennad can do that on his own.
Mennad does it.
Cool beans, later mate.
I'm not going to let anyone stop me.
Mennad didn't edit his videos.
Mennad learned how to edit his videos.
I'm not going to let anyone stop me from doing that.
Mennad is all by himself.
Mennad cried his eyes out.
I'm not going to try to stop Tom from doing that.
Mennad accomplished that on his own.
Mennad is motivated.
Tom tried to stop me from doing that.
Mennad got his own condo.
Mennad got his own place.
Tom tried to keep me from doing that.
Mennad isn't getting anything back in return.
Mennad is saving up money to get his own condo.
Mennad needs to tell the truth.
Nothing is gonna happen overnight.
Mennad needs to lose weight.
Nothing is going to happen overnight.
Mennad is getting older.
Mennad is learning.
Mennad has always wanted that computer.
Mennad got a new computer.
Mennad bought an expensive computer.
If you don't have money, I'll send you some.
Mennad always stays positive.
Just stay positive.
Mennad will succeed.
Mennad doesn't need this to survive.
Mennad made videos.
Mennad makes videos.
Mennad has an iPhone.
Mennad can do it.
I wonder what Mennad is waiting for.
You can use this program.
This program is totally free.
If you want to edit your videos, you can use this program.
Mennad mentioned this.
Mennad doesn't feel he's living his life.
Mennad's life was very dysfunctional.
Mennad developed a depression.
When Mennad was six, his mother developed a serious mental illness.
Mennad's parents separated.
When Mennad was six, his parents separated.
Mennad is talking about mental health.
Mennad and Baya separated around this time.
Mennad stayed in Baya's life.
Mennad worked for a government organization.
Mennad was frustrated and stressed.
Mennad had to go to medical appointments very regularly.
Mennad couldn't make Baya take her medication.
Mennad couldn't help Baya.
Mennad did his best.
Mennad turned to alcohol to alleviate his stress.
Mennad got more angry.
Mennad got more aggressive.
Mennad doesn't trust Baya.
Mennad doesn't know who you are.
Mennad was a little bit older.
Mennad used that as an escape.
Mennad was into sports.
Mennad got out.
Mennad started building his life.
Mennad was much younger.
Mennad was a danger to himself.
Mennad gave Baya her medication.
Mennad gave his mom her medication.
Mennad made sure Baya got her medication.
Mennad crushed the pills and put them in Baya's food.
Mennad refused to take his medication.
Mennad had this hangover feeling in his head.
Mennad got what he needed.
Mennad took his bath.
Mennad recognized Baya.
Mennad didn't recognize Baya.
Mennad's abuse sparked Baya's depression.
Mennad stopped taking his medication.
Mennad was going downhill.
Mennad became more aggressive.
Mennad became more angry.
Mennad didn't eat.
Mennad wouldn't eat.
Mennad was spiralling downhill.
Mennad needs to prove that.
Mennad needs to do something.
Mennad committed a crime.
Mennad started going downhill.
Mennad became more delusional.
Mennad started to become more delusional.
Mennad talked to Baya aggressively.
Mennad wasn't afraid for himself at all.
Mennad wasn't afraid for himself.
Mennad and Baya hurt themselves.
Mennad got very concerned.
Mennad locked his door.
The cage door is open and the bird is gone.
The bird got out of the cage.
Mennad didn't close the lock on the door.
Mennad has just come in.
Mennad's bird is gone.
Mennad's bird is outside.
Mennad was on the porch.
Mennad took the bird outside.
Mennad killed Baya's bird.
Mennad was absolutely crushed.
Mennad felt such an immense guilt for Baya.
Mennad was already in a deep depression.
Mennad wasn't living his life.
Mennad was trapped.
Mennad's bird died.
Mennad got up.
Mennad and Baya went to school.
Mennad checked on Baya.
Mennad didn't think anything about that.
Mennad killed Baya's hamster.
Mennad killed Baya's best friend.
Mennad got new information.
Mennad came the day after that.
Mennad brought all his stuff.
Mennad was taken to a foster home.
Mennad was loaded in the car.
Mennad went straight to his friend's house.
Mennad didn't want to go to a foster home.
Mennad killed my bird.
Mennad was a danger to himself and others.
Mennad took oral medication.
This happened many years ago.
There is no escape out of it.
Mennad is traumatized.
Mennad couldn't deal with his delusions.
Mennad felt so broken.
Mennad doesn't want to live anymore.
Mennad isn't in control of his life at all.
Mennad isn't in control of his life.
Mennad took sleeping pills.
Mennad tried to find a painless way to kill himself.
What did Mennad do?
That's the last thing Mennad needs.
I think that's the last thing you need and I don't want to add to that.
Mennad helped Baya pull herself out of that depression.
Mennad pulled himself out of that depression.
Mennad started living his life.
Mennad talked about postpartum depression.
Mennad doesn't want to see Baya like this.
Baya was depressed and even hurt her baby.
Mennad was a danger to everyone.
Mennad is my everything.
Mennad is all fine.
Mennad's body transformed.
Mennad asked Baya if she was pregnant.
Mennad is feeling so bad.
Mennad is feeling so fucking bad.
Baya had Mennad at sixteen.
Mennad is so bad.
Mennad took a drug for his back pain.
Baya delivered naturally.
Mennad started that class in June.
Baya had Mennad in the hospital.
Mennad is in the shower.
Mennad burst out into tears.
Mennad was no better.
Mennad was a first-time dad.
Mennad doesn't know why Baya is crying.
Mennad feels disgusting.
Mennad felt really bad.
Mennad stayed with Baya.
Mennad stayed with me.
Mennad's house was packed with people.
Mennad needs to relax.
Mennad saw me on the news.
Baya attempted to kill her baby.
Mennad was here in the apartment.
Mennad was making some rice.
Mennad was jumping on the couch.
Mennad was screaming.
Mennad threw boiling water on Baya.
How would the pain feel?
Mennad turned off the stove.
Mennad gave Baya a hug and a kiss.
Mennad told Baya the story.
Mennad didn't want Baya to find out about this.
Mennad would probably kill Baya.
If Mennad knows about this, he would probably kill Baya.
Mennad has just picked up Baya from her grandmother's house.
Mennad was stuck on the bridge.
Mennad saw strange visions.
Mennad threw Baya's dog over the bridge.
This is why Mennad wants to do this.
Mennad went to a gas station.
Mennad called his friend.
Mennad told his friend what he was feeling.
Mennad needs friends.
Mennad needs support.
Mennad goes to Cairo every weekend.
Mennad doesn't have to deal with the pressure.
Mennad came up with an excuse.
Mennad sent Baya to Cairo.
Mennad doesn't spend much time with Baya.
Baya carried Mennad for nine months.
Mennad didn't get support and help as Baya did.
Mennad has kids.
Mennad did hear about that stuff.
Mennad said that, too.
Mennad wanted to kill Baya's baby.
Mennad was asking himself why that was happening.
How did Mennad get over it?
Mennad doesn't get those visions anymore.
Mennad is an open book.
Mennad is an open book and talks about everything.
Mennad is able to talk about that.
This is not Mennad's fault.
Mennad is so amazing.
I don't want anymore kids.
Mennad doesn't want anymore kids.
Mennad wouldn't kill his own child.
Mennad had a lot of support.
Mennad goes to his grandmother's house every weekend.
Mennad goes to the mosque every week.
Mennad goes to the mosque every weekend.
Mennad saw this video.
Mennad needs to speak to somebody.
Mennad is going to jail for the rest of his life.
Mennad isn't going to jail.
Mennad was supportive to Baya.
Mennad had his family to support him.
Baya went through postpartum depression.
Mennad is not a crier.
Mennad doesn't cry.
Baya was a good mother.
Mennad and Baya have kids.
Watch my video.
Translate my sentences.
Mennad got it done.
Mennad e-mailed me.
Mennad interacts with everyone.
Mennad is a famous YouTuber.
Mennad responds to e-mails.
Mennad wants to talk to me.
Mennad is not a psychologist.
Mennad isn't a psychologist.
Mennad was going through a depression.
Mennad was following Baya on Facebook.
Mennad is still looking for an apartment.
Mennad is selling new products.
Mennad invested in Baya's business.
Mennad hit Baya up on Snapchat.
Mennad hit Baya on Instagram.
Mennad thanks Baya for supporting him.
Thank you and have a good day.
Mennad and Baya hung each other.
Mennad was in such sock.
Mennad is so happy.
The meeting was supposed to end at six but it went all the way to midnight.
Mennad stopped the meeting.
We're not cutting off the meeting.
We're not stopping this meeting.
Mennad came up to me and introduced himself.
Mennad's video inspired Baya so greatly.
Mennad's video is just six minutes long.
Mennad can't go through every single detail or he will be here for ever.
Mennad has been through a lot in his life.
Mennad was going through a severe depression.
Depression is very common.
Mennad was going through anxiety and depression.
Mennad and Baya are going through depression.
Mennad heard about this.
Mennad has had really bad anxiety.
Mennad was an anxious kid.
Mennad didn't want his parents to leave him.
Mennad was afraid to talk to other kids.
Mennad had separation anxiety.
During recess, Mennad didn't go outside.
Mennad prayed for the test to end very quickly.
Mennad was bullied from an extremely young age.
Mennad was sitting in class.
Mennad could hear Baya and her friends right beside him talking about him.
Mennad has never had a big friend group.
Mennad is on the other side as well.
Mennad has tons of friends.
Mennad is a social butterfly and has tons of friends.
Mennad felt sad.
Mennad was thinking about the next day.
Going to school was a struggle for Mennad.
Mennad thinks he's depressed.
Mennad is just sad.
Mennad is a parent.
Mennad and Baya are so little.
Mennad didn't expect those words to come out of a child that young.
Mennad was like flabbergasted.
Mennad took Baya to therapy.
Mennad was so overwhelmed.
Mennad doesn't really know what that word means.
Mennad scared his mom too much.
Mennad isn't going to cry.
Mennad is not going to cry.
Mennad rode the bus every day.
Mennad rode the bus to school every day.
Mennad was walking through the aisle.
Mennad stood in the aisle.
Mennad stuck his foot out and tripped Baya.
The aisle was muddy.
Mennad had to deal with that every single day.
Mennad was sick and couldn't go to school.
Mennad was alone.
Mennad moved schools.
Mennad was antisocial.
Mennad doesn't know anybody.
Mennad was sitting on his bed.
Mennad was the weird boy.
Mennad was trying to make friends.
Mennad tried to act friendly.
Mennad spoke to people.
Mennad and Baya were very shy.
Mennad dealt with really nasty people.
Mennad couldn't understand Baya.
Mennad couldn't understand me.
Mennad was friendly.
Mennad talked to me.
Mennad is still really shy.
Mennad liked that.
Mennad met Baya in school.
Mennad was meeting new people.
Mennad shouldn't be shy.
Mennad didn't talk that much.
Mennad was giving the wrong impression.
Mennad's anxiety always holds him back.
Mennad's parents are so understanding.
Mary wants to know who sent the flowers.
I had no idea what I was supposed to do.
Tom is still looking at you.
I thought that would make things better.
Tom poured himself some tea.
Tom poured himself another cup of tea.
I'll never forgive you for what you did.
Tom liked working with Mary.
I'm trying to figure out my next move.
Tom looked at his calendar.
I thought that that would make things better.
I didn't think there was any difference.
Tom is standing behind Mary.
I couldn't understand what had happened.
Tom is going to regret that.
I'm trying to think of something to do.
Tom is battling lung cancer.
I'm trying to figure out what happened.
Tom is assisting a customer.
I'm going to need more money than that.
Tom is apparently a plumber.
I'm feeling much better than yesterday.
Tom apparently used to be a plumber.
I tried to shield you from all this.
I tried to protect you from all this.
I tried to protect you from this.
I tried to shield you from this.
I'm not going to let anybody stop me.
No one's going to stop me.
Nobody's going to stop me.
I'm not going to let anybody stop me from doing that.
I need to get some kind of food.
We need to buy some more food.
Do we have enough ice cream for everyone?
Do we have enough ice cream for everybody?
My left eyelid is twitching.
Tom is an intelligent child.
I'm concerned about my parents' health.
Tom is actually over thirty.
I'm afraid that I won't finish on time.
I'm afraid I won't finish on time.
Tom is a gymnastics teacher.
I haven't eaten meat for a whole month.
We need to buy some food.
We need to get some food.
Tom is a bit young for that.
A funny thing happened at school today.
Tom drove Mary to her place.
We're determined to succeed this time.
If you aren't quiet, the baby will wake up.
If you aren't quiet, you'll wake up the baby.
If you aren't quiet, you'll wake the baby up.
Tom doesn't floss his teeth.
We have the whole place for ourselves.
Tom banged on Mary's window.
We have a three-day weekend next week.
I promised Mennad not to cry.
I promised Mennad not to laugh.
I promised Mennad not to do that again.
I promised Mennad not to say that.
If I were you, I wouldn't drink that.
I may be drunk, but not helpless.
I may be drunk, definitely not helpless.
I didn't even recognize him.
I promised to help Mennad.
I promised to help him.
I found some old clothes for Mennad.
I'm gonna look in the closet and see if I can find some old clothes for Mennad.
What did you kiss me for?
I think I am ready.
I wasn't wearing socks.
I don't have a coat.
I don't have shoes.
I don't have an iPhone.
I don't have a laptop.
I don't have a camera.
I don't have a dress.
I don't have a hat.
I don't have Internet.
I guess you already know my husband Mennad.
I guess you already know my daughter Baya.
I guess you already know my dad.
I guess you already know my mom.
I guess you already know my father.
I guess you already know my mother.
I guess you already know my brother Mennad.
I guess you already know my sister Baya.
Mennad's room is immaculate.
Mennad's desk is immaculate.
Mennad's table is immaculate.
I'm happy to inform you that you won the first prize.
I am happy to inform you that you won the first prize.
"This calls for a celebration." "Sure."
It's supposed to be the rule, but there are exceptions.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her plants.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her dog.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her cat.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her fish.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her hamster.
The wino is Baya's husband.
The wino is Baya's father.
"The wino is Baya's husband." "Lord have mercy."
The wino is Baya's boyfriend.
Everything is just the way you left it.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her iguana.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her bird.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her parrot.
This bouquet is gonna look real nice up there.
This bouquet is going to look real nice up there.
Baya has just given birth to two new babies.
Baya has just given birth to a lovely little girl.
Baya has just given birth to a lovely little boy.
Just look out the window.
This program was recorded on tape before a live audience.
Is this a new house?
Is this a new building?
I can beat you at your own game.
I speak your language better than you.
Your feet are too big.
Baya's feet are too big.
Mennad's feet are too big.
This is best done in private.
"Let's kiss." "I think this is best done in private."
"Let's kiss." "What? And in front of everybody?"
We are getting married tomorrow.
We're moving tomorrow.
We are moving tomorrow.
We're getting married tomorrow.
You've just crossed the line.
This is Mennad's home.
I don't want to live anywhere else.
You're really good at writing songs.
You're really good at writing poetry.
You're really good at writing short stories.
This is no way to run a partnership.
We're not working together.
We are not working together.
Get your butt up here.
I brought you some apples.
I brought you some strawberries.
I brought you some grapes.
I brought you some pears.
I brought you some dates.
I brought you some fish.
Baya is a woman.
We're getting married tomorrow and you're gonna have to live with this.
We are getting married tomorrow and you are going to have to live with this.
Do you know Cairo?
You're a really beautiful woman.
You are a really beautiful woman.
I love that man.
I love that woman.
I love that girl.
I love that boy.
I love that dog.
Mennad doesn't exist.
"You can't take this." "This warrant says I can."
I hope you like Chinese food.
I hope you like Thai food.
I hope you like Egyptian food.
I hope you like French food.
I hope you like Japanese food.
I hope you like Italian food.
I hope you like Greek food.
I hope you like Lebanese food.
Mennad is going to go crazy.
I didn't know they had a phone.
I didn't know they had a gun.
I didn't know they had a camera.
I didn't know they had a car.
I didn't know they had a shotgun.
She belongs to the man who saved her.
The wedding is tomorrow.
The birthday party is tomorrow.
He lived in the woods.
He lived on an island.
He lived on the beach.
He lived in the desert.
He saw a snake.
He saw a moose.
He saw a deer.
He saw a bear.
He saw a grizzly bear.
He saw a buffalo.
He has found himself a home.
He has found himself a house.
He has found himself an apartment.
I'm gonna miss him so much.
I am going to miss him so much.
I'm going to miss Mennad so much.
I am going to miss Mennad so much.
I want you to have this watch.
I want you to have this necklace.
I want you to have this bracelet.
I want you to have this dress.
I want you to have this scarf.
I want you to have this picture.
I want you to have this ring.
Give me the ring, please.
The ring, please.
Do the same.
I promised to give her this.
I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.
It's been a lot of fun.
It has been a lot of fun.
"Take care." "See you."
He rolled naked in the sand.
He returned to his native land.
Be careful this time.
He went to college.
I am not done yet.
"It's quiet here." "Yeah, too quiet."
Mind if I read your diary?
I walked out of the cave.
"Your poetry is beautiful." "Do you really think so?"
"I love you." "Me too."
I didn't do enough research for this book.
I guess it's time to stop this.
Can I come live with you?
Can I come sit with you?
Can I come eat with you?
Can I come play with you?
I haven't seen you since you were six years old.
And you shall observe the feast of the unleavened bread: for in this same day I will bring forth your army out of the land of Egypt, and you shall keep this day in your generations by a perpetual observance.
What's the problem with you, boys?
He found his watch.
He found his shoes.
He found his phone.
He found his wallet.
These are not apples. These are pears.
These are not strawberries. These are raspberries.
These are not oranges. These are melons.
I live by the three W's: wake up early, wash your ass and work hard.
Is this your apartment?
Is this your store?
The first month, the fourteenth day of the month, in the evening, you shall eat unleavened bread, until the one and twentieth day of the same month, in the evening.
Here's an empty table.
Anyone want coffee?
Do you have a favorite kind of chocolate?
She couldn't imagine meeting him again.
This will be framed and hung up on the wall.
Four days after the concert his ears were still ringing.
I usually spend the little free time I have in an easy chair with a good book.
The arrival time is delayed ten minutes.
Do you know Father Grassi?
Just buy Tom some sweets.
Seven days there shall not be found any leaven in your houses: he that shall eat leavened bread, his soul shall perish out of the assembly of Israel, whether he be a stranger or born in the land.
Tom already knows the whole multiplication table.
I told my wife Tom is good at mathematics.
I told my wife Tom is good at maths.
He is really hard to put to bed.
What does it cost to go to the movies in your country?
What the hell!
Have we started daylight savings time yet?
Her life is carefree.
The party claims to serve the people.
Again, many thanks for your support!
Sami appeared to be drunk.
He greeted her with a big smile.
After writing only a little while, I start to feel pain in my hand.
I ordered two pizzas on-line.
She tickled him until he shrieked with laughter.
It's on your table.
The old man explained that other cars had honked at him in the traffic circle, and the younger family members understood immediately that he had been driving both slowly and in the wrong direction.
Unfortunately, my neighbor was in a traffic accident and ended up in a coma.
We're smoking marijuana.
He was so hungry that he cleaned his plate in an instant.
That's a real Solomonic solution.
She says she loves flowers.
The strain is starting to get to her.
Did you help her with that?
The water is on.
The water is running.
I have to feed him and burp him.
Are you still speaking Berber?
I can't find my Berber dictionary.
He can't speak Berber either.
I found you a good Berber dictionary.
You shall not eat any thing leavened: in all your habitations you shall eat unleavened bread.
My Kabyle dress is missing.
We need to take a holiday and go to Kabylie.
She took pictures in her Kabyle dress.
She took selfies in her Kabyle dress.
I used to teach Berber.
I thought he was speaking Berber.
This is the story of my life.
You need to put on your Kabyle dress.
This Kabyle dress makes me feel like a princess.
Thank you all for reminding me what's really important in life.
You look so beautiful in this Kabyle dress.
My mother always wears a Kabyle dress.
She wants a Kabyle dress that's a little bit more contemporary.
His grandmother lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
She enjoys visiting Kabylie.
Do you like Kabylie?
"Does anyone know where Kabylie is located?" "Sir." "Yes?" "It's in northeastern Algeria." "Correct."
Is my Kabyle dress too tight?
Her Kabyle dress is too tight.
"Your Kabyle dress is too tight." "I'm not changing it."
I will take you all to Kabylie.
Sing in Berber.
We are going to Kabylie and you can come.
It's Berber.
We're moving to Kabylie.
We're moving back to Kabylie.
Her Kabyle dress is ugly.
He has an Algerian restaurant in Paris.
How do I look in this Kabyle dress?
She liked that Kabyle dress.
You are incredibly racist.
She thinks I'm a racist.
I saw him in Kabylie.
You'll soon be wearing this wonderful Kabyle dress.
And Moses called all the ancients of the children of Israel, and said to them: Go take a lamb by your families, and sacrifice the Phase.
I love thi Kabyle dress.
Her couscous was just supurb.
I've missed Kabylie.
Let's go to Kabylie.
It's very hot in Kabylie these days.
You're going to Kabylie with the rest of us.
You're going to Kabylie this weekend.
Kabyle villagers are decent, honest, and good people who love their country, Algeria.
Somebody stole my Berber dictionary.
She decided to go to Kabylie.
See you in Kabylie.
His father let him to go to Kabylie.
You need to open up your heart to Islam.
His girlfriend lives in Kabylie.
I think they have a special room in hell for racists.
I think there is a special room in hell for racists.
I'm going to Kabylie.
The only one who's going back to Kabylie is me.
Follow the word of Allah.
Let' go back to Kabylie.
He's learning Berber online.
His wife is in Kabylie.
His wife is from Kabylie.
They're our neighbors in Kabylie.
I just know that you are going to love this Kabyle dress.
I just know that you and your family are going to love it here in Kabylie.
Those Kabyle dresses are very nice.
"Where are you going?" "To Kabylie."
"This is a Kabyle dress for you." "Oh! That's so sweet."
I'm going back to Kabylie.
He gave his girlfriend a Kabyle dress.
I wouldn't go to Kabylie in this time of the year.
Why do you want to go to Kabylie?
Why do you want to move back to Kabylie?
She looks good in that Kabyle dress.
This Kabyle dress is amazing.
I will get you a Kabyle dress.
She liked the Kabyle dress.
Tom is a hypnotist.
Mary is a hypnotist.
Come to Kabylie.
The Renaissance festival had acrobats, hypnotists and comedians.
The people who work at a Renaissance festival are called "rennies."
The people who work at a carnival are called "carnies."
They're from Kabylie.
The Renaissance festival had stores selling swords, clothing and jewelry.
I had my palm read by a woman at the Renaissance festival.
Tom had his palm read by a woman at the Renaissance festival.
Mary had her palm read by a woman at the Renaissance festival.
There were protesters outside the Renaissance festival, protesting their use of elephants.
She lives in Kabylie.
Tom's favorite food at the Renaissance festival is the turkey legs.
Mary's favorite food at the Renaissance festival is the turkey legs.
She wants to go to Kabylie.
Tom didn't volunteer, but he still ended up getting hypnotized just watching the show.
Mary didn't volunteer, but she still ended up getting hypnotized just watching the show.
The hypnotist made people forget their own names.
The hypnotist made Mary cluck like a chicken.
The hypnotist made Tom cluck like a chicken.
I'll go back to Kabylie.
He wanted to die and be buried in Kabylie.
Even though Tom was a skeptic, he ended up hypnotized all the same.
Even though Mary was a skeptic, she ended up hypnotized all the same.
How many Kabyle villages have you been to?
The hypnotist said, "All hypnosis is self hypnosis."
Hypnosis can't make you do anything against your will.
She's so cute in this Kabyle dress.
The fairy at the Renaissance festival was actually a real fairy.
The fairy at the Renaissance festival was just an actor.
His Berber is perfect.
He speaks perfect Berber.
We're gonna teach you Berber.
He wrote the essay in Berber.
A translator can't work without his dictionaries.
She wants a Kabyle dress.
She wants a Kabyle dress for her birthday.
She already has a Kabyle dress.
I brought you a Kabyle dress from Algeria.
This Kabyle dress is a souvenir from Algeria.
Her mother made her a Kabyle dress for her birthday.
Tomorrow, we will go to Kabylie.
Where in Kabylie are you from?
Where in Kabylie do you live?
"Where in Algeria are you from?" "Kabylie."
We are the ones we've been waiting for.
She's going to Kabylie.
Why did you study Berber?
She isn't going to like this Kabyle dress.
I want you to wear that black Kabyle dress.
I am at the car wash.
This is the proudest day in my life.
You look fantastic in this Kabyle dress.
How do I look in this white Kabyle dress?
She looks terrible in that Kabyle dress.
There are some women you just don't want to spend the rest of your life with.
Why does my life have to be so rotten?
"What's that?" "A Kabyle dress."
This Kabyle dress is so cute.
Isn't this Kabyle dress so cute?
That Kabyle dress is Taninna's.
Taninna was eating couscous.
I'm going to send her a Kabyle dress.
Of course your Kabyle dress is fantastic.
I used to work in Kabylie.
I like her Kabyle dress.
I was in Kabylie.
I do miss Kabylie.
I miss Kabylie.
I was in Kabylie for a couple of weeks.
I was in Kabylie for a week or two.
Why is she wearing a Kabyle dress today?
He must learn Berber.
How was Tom able to do that?
I've been trying to forget about that.
How much blood has Tom lost?
I'm going to need more time than that.
Tom's dog was hit by a car.
I won't be going to bed early tonight.
His family lives in Kabylie.
And dip a bunch of hyssop in the blood that is at the door, and sprinkle the transom of the door therewith, and both the door cheeks: let none of you go out of the door of his house till morning.
Where is your Kabyle dress?
Berber is my favorite subject.
Tom was trying to be quiet.
I had a good time yesterday afternoon.
Tom was trying to get away.
I seriously considered not doing that.
Tom was very proud of Mary.
I thought I was having a heart attack.
Tom was wearing sweatpants.
I tried to figure out what went wrong.
Tom was wearing blue jeans.
I wasn't fully aware of the situation.
You're the ones we've been waiting for.
You're who we've been waiting for.
Tom is the one we're waiting for.
You're the one we've been waiting for.
Tom is a PE teacher.
Tom is a physical education teacher.
Tom is a phys ed teacher.
America sucks.
The United States sucks.
If you're going to burn an American flag, make sure you steal it instead of buying it.
You're still wearing your sunglasses.
Tom was too drunk to drive.
You ought to have your eyes examined.
Mary is wearing a skin-tight dress.
Tom was there to help Mary.
Tom promised that he'd help us.
Tom promised that he'd tell us.
Give a shout if you need anything.
Give this to anybody who wants it.
Give me back the book after you've read it.
Which ones do you take?
My son went to Australia.
My brother went to Australia.
My uncle lives in Australia.
My dad's free on Monday.
My father's free on Monday.
My friends are studying French.
My parents are from Australia.
Anyone who says that is a liar.
Anybody who says that is a liar.
I have been to Kabylie.
I'm going to tell you about my trip to Kabylie.
Kabylie is located in northeastern Algeria.
Kabylie is a very beautiful region.
Kabylie is the region where I was born and raised.
Kabylie is a very unique region.
To the racists, if you're not one of them, you're insufficiently Kabyle.
Let's ask Tom and Mary over for dinner tonight.
I visited Kabylie as a tourist.
I went to Kabylie by train.
I was in Kabylie for four days in 2018.
I remember the four days that I spent in Kabylie.
Let's meet again thirty minutes from now.
Kabylie has beautiful villages.
Kabylie has beautiful mountains.
Kabylie has beautiful beaches.
The gave her a traditional Kabyle dress.
The spoke Berber.
One of them was studying Berber in Algeria.
Kabylie is my favorite region in Algeria.
I have so many more pictures of Kabylie.
It's such a nice day today. Let's go out for a walk.
Thousands of tourists visit Kabylie every year.
Kabylie isn't a small isolated island. It's part of Algeria and it's just an hour away from Algiers, the Algerian capital city.
I decided to stay four days in Kabylie.
He was a guy from Kabylie, Algeria.
I explored every little part of Kabylie.
He used to live in Kabyle, Algeria.
He was living from other guys from Kabylie, Algeria.
The French destroyed our village in Kabylie.
The French destroyed dozens and dozens of Kabyle villages during the French occupation that stretched from to 1962.
The French destroyed dozens of Kabyle villages during the Algerian war of liberation.
I hope that I'll see you again in Kabylie.
To the racists, as long as you don't belong to their stupid separatist organization, you'll always be insufficiently Kabyle.
Thousands of tourists visit Kabylie every single year.
If there was a paradise on Earth, it would be Kabylie.
Algeria got its independence through a pretty terrific war of liberation.
Don't forget to speak to your son.
Drive carefully, please.
"Hello, sweetheart." "Where have you been?"
You know that I'm Muslim.
Go upstairs and do what you have to do.
"You're not listening." "I'm listening."
Go to the movies with her.
"You're not Britney Spears." "But I'm no saint either."
I cracked my big toe.
I cracked my thumb.
I need orthopedic shoes.
We shouldn't let these little arguments ruin our married life.
May you have a long life.
May you have a long and happy life.
May you have a long life together.
May you have a long and happy life together.
May you have a happy life together.
She should be resting.
She called me ugly.
This is a Muslim house.
This is a Muslim family.
We're a Muslim family.
I guess you want to see the bill.
Didn't she get any warning?
She told him that everything was going to be OK.
How much money have you got in that shoe box?
I don't want you stealing.
She lost the money.
I promise I will never ask anything again.
What you just said is blasphemous.
You should have married Taninna.
I got this letter from the mailbox this morning.
You know that I'm a hard-working man.
I worked all night and all day.
They paid me a lot more.
I need forty dollars.
Her surgery took every cent she had.
Nobody knows that better than her.
You look like a firefighter.
I went to law school.
"Take this dollar." "Is it a real dollar?"
Please stop wasting your breath.
Haven't you got nothing better to do?
I'm just not interested in any of your stories.
Stop fussing.
Stop doing that. You're upsetting her.
No one can stop this eviction.
The cops are here and no one can stop the eviction now.
We need help bad.
They went on welfare.
These shoes are one size too small.
She looks sexy in her Kabyle dress.
This is a very old photo.
For the Lord will pass through striking the Egyptians: and when he shall see the blood on the transom, and on both the posts, he will pass over the door of the house, and not suffer the destroyer to come into your houses and to hurt you.
The trees are swaying in the summer breeze.
The willow branches are swaying in the autumn wind.
Thou shalt keep this thing as a law for thee and thy children for ever.
And when you have entered into the land which the Lord will give you, as he hath promised, you shall observe these ceremonies.
The priest knows all his parishioners.
A methane molecule has a tetrahedral structure.
You have a St. Petersburg accent, but an Odessan sense of humor.
And when your children shall say to you: What is the meaning of this service? You shall say to them: It is the victim of the passage of the Lord, when he passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt, striking the Egyptians, and saving our houses. And the people bowing themselves, adored.
I hope you're not going to tell another anecdote about Masha.
I hope you're not going to break anything in an overzealous attempt to clean the house.
Can Muscovites understand people from Kyrgyzstan?
Anastasia doesn't think much of Daria's cooking, or of Daria herself.
What can I tell you about Olga that you don't already know?
Tom's favourite subject is calculus.
Tom's favorite subject is calculus.
Tom teaches mathematical analysis.
You're punchy this morning. Did you not get enough sleep last night?
Igor's lifestyle is Igor's business, not yours.
Tom hates calculus.
Tom hates mathematical analysis.
Tom's favourite subject was trigonometry.
Tom's favorite subject was trigonometry.
And the children of Israel going forth, did as the Lord had commanded Moses and Aaron.
Tom is an applied mathematician.
Tom's an applied mathematician.
That's a Pavel joke if ever I heard one. I don't believe that you made it up.
The proof is left as an exercise to the reader.
Tom thinks Euler's identity is beautiful.
Tom claims he knows the value of pi to a thousand places.
The inhabitants of the Gizeldon Valley are used to avalanches.
L'Hôpital's rule uses derivatives to help evaluate limits involving indeterminate forms.
Tom doesn't know how to apply L'Hôpital's rule to find limits.
Mary thinks Euler's identity is beautiful.
Tom is a graduate maths student at the University of Cambridge.
Mary is a graduate maths student at the University of Cambridge.
Tom's favourite pastime was solving differential expressions, while Mary preferred sex.
Tom's favorite pastime was solving differential expressions, while Mary preferred sex.
Construct a sentence from this set of words.
He did it out of malice.
Every even integer greater than can be expressed as the sum of two primes.
Tom claims he proved Goldbach's conjecture.
Tom spent years trying to prove the Beal conjecture.
Tom is hissing with malice.
Tom's mum is the fattest bitch in the whole wide world.
Tom's mom is the fattest bitch in the whole wide world.
Tom thinks there are infinitely many cousin primes.
Tom wants to win a Nobel Prize for proving Brocard's conjecture.
Mary's favourite pastime was reading philosophy books, while Tom, he preferred masturbating.
Mary's favorite pastime was reading philosophy books, while Tom preferred masturbating.
Mary was thinking about the problem of finding the ultimate core model, one that contains all large cardinals, while Tom was thinking about Mary's boobs.
And it came to pass at midnight, the Lord slew every firstborn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of Pharaoh, who sat on his throne, unto the firstborn of the captive woman that was in the prison, and all the firstborn of cattle.
Jingoism is idolatry.
He was wearing a double-breasted jacket.
She'll stay on with you.
Stay on his face.
I was following my father.
And Pharaoh arose in the night, and all his servants, and all Egypt: and there arose a great cry in Egypt; for there was not a house wherein there lay not one dead.
He speaks Berber good.
You need to practice speaking French.
Tom was sitting over there.
We need to accept things as they are.
Tom was making funny faces.
We ate dinner at a nearby restaurant.
Tom was just very confused.
You should wear your Kabyle dress.
She doesn't want to go to Kabylie.
I'll teach you Berber.
This is Berber class.
What did you do in Kabylie?
What were you doing in Kabylie?
I've been doing this all my life.
Someone stole her Kabyle dress.
And Pharaoh calling Moses and Aaron, in the night, said: Arise and go forth from among my people, you and the children of Israel: go, sacrifice to the Lord as you say.
We were at a wine degustation where we sampled small amounts of various wines.
She lent Taninna her Kabyle dress.
Taninna makes Kabyle dresses.
Taninna wore a Kabyle dress to school.
She left her Kabyle dress in the bathroom.
She ironed her Kabyle dress.
She forgot to iron her Kabyle dress.
She needs her Kabyle dress today.
Did you see my Kabyle dress?
Did you press my Kabyle dress?
Please press my Kabyle dress.
"Tanemmirt" means "thanks" in Berber.
How do you say "thanks" in Berber?
She has been selling Kabyle dresses for four years.
"Try this." "What is it?" "It's couscous."
I like couscous.
She bought her sister a Kabyle dress.
I love this couscous.
I love Taninna's couscous.
He put on his overcoat before going out.
I got a B on my Berber test.
I just love this Kabyle dress.
I found you a wonderful Kabyle dress.
These Kabyle dresses aren't for sale.
We ate in an Algerian restaurant.
I hope you enjoyed the Kabyle dress.
I noticed she had on a naw Kabyle dress.
I want a Kabyle dress, too.
Thanks for the Kabyle dress.
They have just moved to Kabylie.
She's in my Berber class.
It cost an arm and a leg.
Tom had his dog on a short leash.
Tom keeps his wife on a short leash.
The man on the left is Tom.
The bicycle on the left is Tom's.
The girl riding on the back of Tom's motorcycle is Mary.
The girl that's riding on the back of Tom's motorcycle is Mary.
The girl who's riding on the back of Tom's motorcycle is Mary.
He brought this Kabyle dress from Algeria.
She shouldn't have sold that Kabyle dress.
Do you remember who you sold that Kabyle dress to?
Mary sold her wedding dress.
Where did Mary buy her wedding dress?
Is it true that Mary sold her wedding dress to Alice?
Is it true Mary sold her wedding dress to Alice?
I like that red dress Mary is wearing.
Mary bought a blue dress to wear to the dance.
Mary gave all the dresses that she'd outgrown to her younger sister.
This restaurant is closed on Mondays.
Tom was directly behind me.
Some of my friends speak French well.
Tom was broke at that time.
My dog is never allowed in the house.
Tom walked over to his car.
Is it true you'll be going to Boston?
Is it true that you'll be going to Boston?
Tom sat directly behind us.
Tom sat just behind us.
I'm not sure if this is enough money.
I'm not sure whether this is enough money.
Tom often wears blue jeans.
I'm sure I've parked my car here.
I'm sure this is where I parked my car.
I'm absolutely certain that this is where I parked my car.
I'm absolutely certain this is where I parked my car.
I'm sure that this is where I parked my car.
I've parked my car here many times.
I've parked my car here many times and nobody's complained.
I've parked my car here many times and no one's complained.
The last time I came to this park, I parked in the same place.
I'm going to buy a new car next week.
Tom just called Mary loser.
I'm going to buy a bicycle next week.
Tom is wearing black socks.
I was trying to figure that out.
Tom is trying to get ready.
Were you able to figure out why that was happening?
Tom wasn't wearing any socks.
I haven't yet figured that out.
Tom is now getting ready.
Tom is now getting ready to leave.
Tom is now getting ready to do that.
Tom doesn't have any socks on.
Tom told me he's been supportive.
Tom told me that he's been supportive.
Tom told me he's been careless.
Tom told me he's been forgiven.
This is a very old photograph.
That's Sasha's house. He's lived there for years.
That's Sasha's house. She's lived there for decades.
I was feeling sick before I got here.
Tom is the only eyewitness.
I tried to make that perfectly clear.
I asked to talk to the store manager.
How long are you planning to do that?
That would be the smart thing to do.
Tom is considering divorce.
I was very happy to do that for you.
How long did you stay in Boston last summer?
How long will Tom be in prison?
When you see Tom, he's likely to be handcuffed.
I knew that we shouldn't do that.
I knew we shouldn't do that.
When you see Tom, he's likely to be in handcuffs.
The next time you see Tom, he'll be in an orange jumpsuit.
Tom promised me that he'd check on it.
Tom promised that he'd check on it.
Let's do this again tomorrow morning.
Let's go to the park where it's not noisy.
Let's not do that anymore today.
Let's visit Tom this weekend.
Let's get down to business, OK?
Let's go to the beach tomorrow morning.
Please turn to page and look at the third paragraph.
Please turn to page three and look at the third paragraph.
Let's meet at the airport at 2:30.
Let's talk over a cup of tea.
Let's make believe that we're cowboys.
Let's make believe we're cowboys.
Let's wait for a while and see if Tom shows up.
Let's wait for a while and see what happens.
Let's wait for a while and see if the rain stops.
Let's try doing this a different way.
Let's do that tomorrow, not today.
Let's save this bottle of wine for our wedding anniversary.
Let's sing some songs together.
Let's pretend that we're pirates.
Let's pretend we're pirates.
Let's have lunch downtown and then go shopping.
Let's be more careful this time.
Let's call Tom and see if he wants to come over.
Let's go out and have a drink together sometime.
Let's list all the reasons that we shouldn't do that.
Let's list all the reasons that we should do that.
Let's postpone our decision until next week.
Let's hope that Tom doesn't sit in the back.
Let's meet at 2:in front of Tom's house.
Let's hope Tom doesn't sit in the back.
Let's do this in chronological order.
Let's stay here for a few more days.
Let's not talk about this in public.
Let's tell Tom to sit in the back.
Let's pretend everything is ready.
Let's sit on that log over there.
Let's ask Tom to sit in the back.
Let's ask Tom to not sit in the back.
Let's not sit in the back today.
Let's sit in the back together.
Let's listen to some Beethoven.
Let's decide where we should meet.
Let's try doing that together.
Let's ask for permission first.
Let's break the problem down.
Let's sit in the back today.
Let's not discuss this here.
Let's discuss that with Tom.
Let's sit in the back, OK?
Let's postpone our trip.
Let's move to Australia.
Let's do it Tom's way.
Let's do it the way Tom showed us.
Let's see the money.
Let's meet tomorrow.
Let's go on Monday.
Let's eat dessert.
Shouldn't we be helping each other?
Shouldn't Tom be doing that by himself?
Do we still need to worry about that?
Should you really be doing that now?
Should we buy one of those?
Shouldn't you have been the one who told us that?
Shouldn't you be helping Tom now?
Which wire do you think I should cut, the red one or the green one?
Shouldn't somebody be helping Tom?
Shouldn't someone be helping Tom?
Shouldn't we be doing that now?
Shouldn't you be home in bed?
Shouldn't you go to school today?
Fortunately, I cut the red wire instead of the green one.
Fortunately, I cut the red wire instead of the green wire.
Who's playing piano in the living room?
Who's going to tell Tom he can't do that?
Who's going to tell Tom that he can't do that?
Who's the lady that just came through the door?
Who's singing with Tom now?
Who's going to clean up all this mess?
Who's going to clean up this mess?
Should I bake a cake?
Should I buy a black car or a blue car?
What color car do you think I should buy?
Should I call Tom up and ask him what we should do?
Should I put another log on the fire?
Should I tell Tom what we're going to do?
Should I tell Tom what we did?
Should I wear a suit?
Should parents help their children with their homework?
Should parents help their kids with their homework?
Should these be thrown away?
Should I throw these away?
Should we take that chance?
Should we try doing that again?
Shouldn't Tom be sitting in the back?
Shouldn't we ask Tom what he meant?
Shouldn't you have already done that?
Should we throw these away?
Mondays are open mic nights.
Who's that woman I saw you with the other night?
Who's down there with you?
Who's in the basement with you?
Who's been helping you?
Who's supposed to be doing that?
Who's the man that's leaning against the gate?
Who's the best basketball player in the world?
Who's the most beautiful girl in your class?
Who's this Tom you're always talking about?
Who's that man that you were talking to?
Who's going to pick up the tab for this?
Who's conducting the orchestra tonight?
Who's the tall guy playing the guitar?
Who's the richest person in the world?
Who's the girl standing near the door?
Who's the person sitting next to Tom?
Who's that woman with the brown coat?
Who's that woman holding the flowers?
Who's that man you were talking with?
Who's the girl that was in your car?
Who's the boy sitting in the corner?
Who's that woman in the brown coat?
Who's that girl in the pink dress?
Who's that woman dressed in pink?
Who's that boy running toward us?
Who's in charge of this building?
Who's your favorite rock singer?
Who's the woman in this picture?
Who's that man dressed in black?
Who's the man in this picture?
Who's the owner of this house?
Who's the author of this book?
Who's he and what's his name?
Who's going to try this case?
Who's going to speak tonight?
Who's your homeroom teacher?
Who's the owner of this car?
Who's your favorite author?
Who's stronger, you or Tom?
Who's heavier, Tom or Mary?
Who's going to play tennis?
Who's younger, you or Tom?
Who's your dance partner?
Who's the patrol leader?
Who's that crazy person?
Who's this letter from?
Who's the team's coach?
Who's the group leader?
Who's that young woman?
Who's that pretty girl?
Who's that guy, anyway?
Who's really to blame?
Who's your godmother?
Who's this other guy?
Who's that other guy?
Who's that young guy?
Who's that old woman?
Who's the treasurer?
Who's the boss here?
Who's the architect?
Who's that stranger?
Who's already awake?
Who's that old man?
Who's watching TV?
Who's my opponent?
Who will my opponent be?
Who's in the room?
Who was in the room?
Who's out there?
Who's this for?
Who are those boys?
Who's on duty?
Who's on duty now?
Who's on duty tonight?
Who's absent?
Who's awake?
Who's still awake?
Who's coming to your party?
Who's the leader?
Who's most likely to do that first?
I'm not prepared to deal with that.
Tom expects us to help him.
The police are searching for clues.
Tom handles a lot of money.
I did something that I regret doing.
Tom is a white supremacist.
I tried to figure out what happened.
Tom's hair is greasy.
What's in your glove compartment?
What did you forget to pack?
What did you buy for dinner?
What's the main reason you don't want to move to Boston?
What's your main objection?
What's the real reason you don't want to go?
What's wrong with the way I did it?
What's Australia's longest river?
What's everyone laughing about?
What's important is that we're all safe now.
What kind of work does Tom want to do?
Why's Tom so bent out of shape?
Why's the light blinking?
Just tell me what the matter is.
What's the temperature today?
What's the water temperature?
What's the temperature of the water?
What's Australia's highest building?
What's Australia's tallest building?
What's the highest building in Australia?
What's the largest forest in the world?
What's the tallest building in the world?
What's the largest lake in the world?
What's Australia's tallest mountain?
What's the tallest mountain in Australia?
What's the highest mountain in Australia?
What's the largest lake in Australia?
What's Australia's largest lake?
What's Australia's deepest lake?
What's the deepest lake in Australia?
What's the largest city in Australia?
What's Australia's largest city?
What's Tom's picture doing here?
Why's there a picture of Tom here?
What's your opinion of the way Tom did that?
What's Tom's track record like?
Where did this accident happen?
Back in Kabylie, they used to call him "Bingo."
He stayed in Kabylie.
He stayed a few days in Kabylie.
Do you like couscous, and traditional doughnuts and pancakes?
May the Lord reward you for this.
She's sucking her teeth again.
I hate it when she sucks her teeth.
She's already snoring.
She has dizzy spells.
She spent four days in Kabylie.
He found this bicycle in a junkyard.
He got this bicycle from the junkyard.
Put your bicycle in the garage.
Take your bicycle to the garage.
I want a new bicycle.
Racists are stupid and it shouldn't make any difference to you what they think.
Racists are stupid people and it shouldn't make any difference to you what they think.
I gave Taninna a bicycle.
This is my favorite bicycle.
For your next birthday, I'm giving you a bicycle.
Something is wrong with this bicycle.
What's wrong with this bicycle?
I wish I could be in Kabylie right now.
She's in Kabylie.
They're in Kabylie.
She ended up studying Berber.
This paper doesn't have anything to do with the Berber language.
She studied Berber literature.
Have you seen my Berber dictionary anywhere?
We need to study Berber literature.
I promised Taninna I would take her to Kabylie this summer.
Can we go to Kabylie?
You don't have to be smart to be the president of a racist organization.
You that you don't need to be smart to be the president of a racist organization.
"I have a surprise for you." "You bought me a new bicycle?"
You're gonna love your new bicycle.
I love this bicycle.
She doesn't know anything about Berber.
He's a Berber book publisher.
If you win, I'll give you my bicycle.
I have never had a bicycle in my life.
My mom called from Kabylie last night.
Mother called from Kabylie last night.
My mother called from Kabylie last night.
Buy me a bicycle.
She has been traveling all over Kabylie.
Are you making fun of me for speaking Berber?
Have you ever taken any Berber classes?
She has taught me Berber.
"What's your strongest language?" "Berber."
"What's your favorite subject?" "Berber."
"What's your favorite language?" "Berber."
My favorite language is Berber.
Taninna placed her Kabyle dress carefully in a box.
She traveled around Kabylie.
He will be here with us in Kabylie this afternoon.
I know her address in Kabylie.
I promised to take her to Kabylie this summer.
She looks great in this Kabyle dress.
Please say it in Berber.
Can you say it in Berber?
She eats couscous with ketchup.
Why do you eat your couscous with ketchup?
This Kabyle dress is perfect.
"What's your language?" "Berber, of course!"
We are in Kabylie.
She just wore a Kabyle dress.
Take that Kabyle dress off.
I'll teach you Berber myself.
Our Berber teacher was late this morning.
I took your Berber dictionary by mistake.
I was in Kabylie last night.
Her Kabyle dress makes her look older.
Her Kabyle dress makes her look old.
Her Kabyle dress makes her look younger.
Her Kabyle dress makes her look young.
Is this your Berber dictionary?
Taninna is our Berber teacher.
I have taught Berber for fourteen years.
I have been teaching Berber for fourteen years.
I got her a Kabyle dress for her wedding.
No one has the right to ban the Berber flag in Algeria.
Your sheep and herds take along with you, as you demanded, and departing bless me.
She looks stunning in this Kabyle dress.
Come taste this couscous.
I won't sleep until I try that Kabyle dress on.
I promise I will buy you a Kabyle dress.
"I will get you a Kabyle dress." "Promise?" "Promise."
Have you seen that Kabyle dress?
Food and sugar attract ants.
What's your Berber dictionary doing under the bed?
Did you see that Kabyle dress?
And the Egyptians pressed the people to go forth out of the land speedily, saying: We shall all die.
You're going to Kabylie.
She has a Kabyle dress.
She was at the movies.
She's not Amish. She's Muslim.
She's not Jewish. She's Muslim.
Did you hear what she said about Aleksei?
He took the Berber test.
She has got a new Kabyle dress.
You need to take another look at your life.
Let's all be Muslims.
I want to be a Muslim.
He married a nice Muslim woman.
Muslims believe in God.
Muslims watch TV.
Her life is so simple.
That's called life.
It must be a wonderful life.
There are many glass buildings in Algiers.
Your Berber test is tomorrow.
I'm not taking the Berber test.
I brought you a Kabyle dress.
The people therefore took dough before it was leavened; and tying it in their cloaks, put it on their shoulders.
Why are you wearing a Kabyle dress?
She has never worn a Kabyle dress.
I'm gonna drive Taninna back to Kabylie.
He thinks he did really well on his Berber test.
He did really well on his Berber test.
He's marrying an Algerian girl from Kabylie.
And the children of Israel did as Moses had commanded: and they asked of the Egyptians vessels of silver and gold, and very much raiment.
And the Lord gave favour to the people in the sight of the Egyptians, so that they lent unto them: and they stripped the Egyptians.
And the children of Israel set forward from Ramesse to Socoth, being about six hundred thousand men on foot, beside children.
And a mixed multitude, without number, went up also with them, sheep and herds, and beasts of divers kinds, exceeding many.
I think they're too small for you.
I think it's too small for you.
Whales are mammals, which means they feed their young milk.
And they baked the meal, which a little before they had brought out of Egypt in dough: and they made hearth cakes unleavened: for it could not be leavened, the Egyptians pressing them to depart, and not suffering them to make any stay; neither did they think of preparing any meat.
"He was Kabyle." "Yes, but only on his father's side."
"How does this name sound to you?" "Kabyle."
Her name sounds very Kabyle.
The racists aren't smarter than anyone else.
The racists think they are smarter than anyone else.
That bunch of racists are so prejudiced.
"Is he Muslim." "What does his religion have to do with that?"
Kabyles really believe in education. Racists believe in myths.
He's fond of Kabyle music.
And the abode of the children of Israel that they made in Egypt, was four hundred and thirty years.
You could borrow my bicycle.
What are they doing in Kabylie?
When the Berber teacher handed me the exam, I was blank.
I failed the Berber test.
Which being expired, the same day all the army of the Lord went forth out of the land of Egypt.
He's wearing a traditional Kabyle costume.
"What am I going to wear?" "Why don't you wear a Kabyle dress?"
"Something sure smells good." "It's your mother's couscous."
My mother is an architect.
Kabyles believe in science. The racists believe in lies.
"Where is he?" "He's in Kabylie."
He has a beautiful home in Kabylie.
Kabylie looks so pretty.
I'd love to go to Kabylie some day.
He's going to Kabylie on Thursday.
We're going to Kabylie. Why don't you come along, too?
Take a vacation to Kabylie.
I can go to Kabylie any time I want.
I'm going to Kabylie right now.
This is the observable night of the Lord, when he brought them forth out of the land of Egypt: this night all the children of Israel must observe in their generations.
Are we really going to Kabylie?
We're going to eat couscous.
Do you want to come with us to Kabylie?
Come with us to Kabylie.
The racists are already sending threatening messages to people who are against their organization.
The racists are already sending threatening messages to people who are opposed to their ideas.
We will all have a good time in Kabylie.
I'm not going with you to Kabylie.
"Can you guess what's this language?" "It's Berber."
"Can you guess what language they're speaking?" "Is it Berber?"
The old woman was wearing a Kabyle dress.
And the Lord said to Moses and Aaron: This is the service of the Phase; no foreigner shall eat of it. But every bought servant shall be circumcised, and so shall eat. The stranger and the hireling shall not eat thereof.
"How old are you?" "I'm twenty-six years old."
In one house shall it be eaten, neither shall you carry forth of the flesh thereof out of the house, neither shall you break a bone thereof.
We bought our Christmas tree at our local tree farm.
All the assembly of the children of Israel shall keep it.
And if any stranger be willing to dwell among you, and to keep the Phase of the Lord, all his males shall first be circumcised, and then shall he celebrate it according to the manner: and he shall be as he that is born in the land: but if any man be uncircumcised, he shall not eat thereof.
Your noses are bleeding.
The same law shall be to him that is born in the land, and to the proselyte that sojourneth with you.
I was thinking that I might do that.
Tom's dog growled at Mary.
I'm always trying different things.
Tom was wearing a red cap.
I'd like to do this somewhere else.
Tom was walking behind me.
I was in pain for a couple of days.
Tom was the man in charge.
I learned how to do this on my own.
Tom was still single then.
I learned how to do that on my own.
Can you enumerate St. Petersburg's advantages over Moscow?
Do you know who stole my bicycle?
Do you like eating pizza?
Do you like folk dancing?
Do you like orange juice?
Do you like grapefruit juice?
Do you still feel hungry?
Do you like fried chicken?
Do you bake bread?
Do you ever hear from Tom?
Do you have some free time?
Do you know this tune?
Do you recognize this tune?
Do you want some chocolate?
And all the children of Israel did as the Lord had commanded Moses and Aaron. And the same day the Lord brought forth the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt by their companies.
Do you think I'm too fat?
Do you think that I'm too fat?
Do you like this weather?
Do you know how to knit?
Do you know how to tap dance?
Do you shave your armpits?
Do you put milk in your tea?
Do you sometimes wake up feeling tired?
Do you want a lift into town?
Do you want a piece of candy?
Have you ever tried skydiving?
Have you ever tried windsurfing?
Do the ends justify the means?
Do you anticipate any problems?
Do you anticipate any trouble?
What possible problems might we have?
Did you agree to the conditions?
Do you agree with what Tom said?
Do you need a visa for Australia?
Do I need a visa for Australia?
Do I detect a note of criticism?
Do you know how to change a fuse?
Do you know how to tie a tie?
Do you know how to row a boat?
Do you know the guy next door?
Do you know the family next door?
Do you want to go out for dinner?
Do you think it'll snow tonight?
Do you think it'll rain tonight?
Do you think it'll freeze tonight?
Do you have something on your mind?
Do you know all the words to this song?
Do you know the words to this song?
Have you ever dozed off in class?
The Eurasian blackcap's songs can be heard from two to two-thirty p.m.
Who's going to try the case?
Do you usually eat dessert?
What do you usually eat for dessert?
I seldom eat dessert, but Tom almost always does.
I'll pretend that I didn't hear that.
Do you know the guy living next door?
Can I have some more water?
Mary gave all the dresses she'd outgrown to her younger sister.
We all do good.
Why don't you ever talk about the past?
Everyone's doing well.
Everybody's doing well.
I haven't seen Tom for several years.
I haven't talked to Tom since last Christmas.
How much does it cost to go to Boston?
Why are you here in Australia now?
What's the local time in Boston now?
Where are you going after you go to Boston?
What's your favorite hair color?
What's your impression of Australia?
I don't like traveling with large groups.
You'll do it well, I'm sure.
You'll find it difficult to meet Tom.
You'll get there by 2:30.
You'll regret having said that.
You'll come to like Tom.
You'll get used to Tom.
You may not like Tom at first, but eventually he's likely to be one of your best friends.
Uranus and Neptune are similar.
The atmospheres of Uranus and Neptune are similar.
You may not like Tom at first, but eventually he's likely to become one of your best friends.
You'll soon be my son-in-law.
What made you think that I'd want to kiss you?
What made you think I'd want to kiss you?
What's the one thing you would've done differently?
If you're hot, maybe you should take off your sweater.
Aren't you going to wait for me?
Who does this house belong to?
I didn't do it very well.
The ambulance finally arrived.
The ambulance finally came.
I'm the only one allowed to do this.
I'm the only one that's allowed to do this.
I'm the only one who's allowed to do this.
There's something suspicious about that man.
Both of us were wrong.
No one cares what you do.
Maybe you should listen to Tom.
Maybe you should take Tom's advice.
Maybe you should do what Tom suggested.
Maybe you should follow Tom's advice.
Maybe you should ask Tom for advice.
Maybe you should do that now.
Maybe you shouldn't do that now.
Maybe you shouldn't be doing that here.
There was nothing I needed to do.
A lot of things could go wrong.
A lot of things happened at once.
Things could've gone better.
Are you two speaking French?
Don't waste any more time.
Promise me that you'll never do anything like that again.
Promise me you'll never do anything like that again.
I want you to get rid of all this.
I want you to get rid of everything in this room.
Let's get rid of this old chair.
Promise me that you won't gamble anymore.
Promise me you won't gamble anymore.
Wait for me at the front gate.
Don't talk so fast.
I knew you'd appreciate it.
I knew you'd enjoy the movie.
You're scared to do that, aren't you?
You're afraid to do that, aren't you?
Why are you scared to do that?
I forgot my checkbook.
You need to find yourself a steady job.
What did Tom say about that?
I've been waiting for you guys all afternoon.
Are you going to leave me here all by myself?
I wish that you liked me as much as you like your dog.
I wish you liked me as much as you like your dog.
Let me show you my new car.
Do you have any comic books?
I won't be coming over this evening.
I know that it was your idea.
He owns a farm in Kabylie.
I know that that wasn't your idea.
I know that wasn't your idea.
Did you really think you could fool us?
Did you really think you could fool me?
Why were you here last night?
The racists should speak for themselves and not in the name of a whole region.
I'm getting sick and tired of all your complaining.
Would you like me to help you with that?
I can help you with that if you'd like me to.
We sat on the park bench and fed the pigeons.
Nothing special is going on here tonight.
Nothing special is going to happen here today.
The racists shouldn't speak for everybody. No one has asked them to do so.
Would it be OK if I sat with you?
I want to see your Kabyle dresses.
Do you sell Kabyle dresses?
Do you have Kabyle dresses?
If I take my glasses off, I can't see.
He said that he couldn't fight because he wore glasses.
That shirt looks too small for you.
Take your glasses off and fight like a man.
She might be on antibiotics for life.
Take your glasses off.
I thought that you'd like this idea.
Make sure that you're back before dinner.
Make sure you're back before dinner.
Are these tomatoes from your garden?
There are private clinics like this all over the country.
For us, Algeria is the greatest country in the world.
Algeria isn't perfect.
This is Algeria.
Algeria is a very beautiful country.
Please keep the line alive.
Sure I remember my trip to Kabylie.
Berber is the whole world to me.
He met his wife in Kabylie.
He met his girlfriend in Kabylie.
He met his wife-to-be in Kabylie.
Tom didn't take his eyes off of Mary.
I've never lived in one place long enough to actually have any real friends.
I can't remember what Tom said.
I saw someone lurking around outside your house last night.
Don't you know where Tom lives?
Mary asked Tom not to call her honey.
I don't remember getting up in the middle of the night.
Tom's car is parked illegally.
Taste this couscous.
Take your glasses off and close your eyes.
What's your favorite Canadian folk song?
What's the cheapest way to get to Boston?
What's your favorite folk song in French?
Do you think you could help me tomorrow afternoon?
I'm interested in Berber.
She sold that Kabyle dress for forty dollars.
What did Tom do with everything that was here?
Have you ever been to Kabylie?
"Have you ever been to Kabylie?" "On occasion."
How much do you think you're gonna get for this Kabyle dress?
She put a lot of work in making this Kabyle dress.
She put a lot of work in making this Kabyle dress. That's what makes it expensive.
Forget about the Kabyle dress.
What's your favorite place to vacation in Australia?
I am sure you will miss Kabylie.
He has a good sex life.
Tom wanted to find out who Mary was.
This is her Kabyle dress.
Are you really going to go to Australia by yourself?
Tom was talking to a customer.
Tom took the cup out of Mary's hand.
I've been thinking about this for a few months now.
Tom took a bath before dinner.
Tom told Mary how he felt about her.
It's hot in Kabylie.
There's a special cauldron in hell for those who eat in movie theaters.
"What's for dinner?" "Tonight we're eating couscous."
"What's for dinner?" "Couscous."
The package comes from Algeria.
Do you eat couscous?
I owe her my life.
She's ironing your Kabyle dress.
You saved my life, man!
I bought my wife a Kabyle dress.
I'm going to take your blood pressure.
What kind of religion is Islam?
Say hello to the nice doctor.
I'm going back to my Berber studies.
You saved her life.
They will never save his life again.
I'm doing this for Algeria.
I'm doing this for my country, Algeria.
I'm gonna be a doctor.
He's gonna be in Kabylie in a couple of days.
Take off this Kabyle dress.
Take off that Kabyle dress.
If I tell about it, they will look at me with big eyes.
My country is Algeria and I'm proud of it.
Those racists would never get tired of hating people.
Those racists don't realize that as much as they hate everyone who's not with them, everyone hates them including some of the hypocrites that are with them.
"Thanks a million!" "What are friends for?"
We traveled to France.
France is the most visited country in the world.
They came from the south of France.
Antoine Lavoisier was born in Paris, France.
She ruined her Kabyle dress.
She wants to buy a Kabyle dress.
She enjoys her Kabyle dress.
She's wearing a very beautiful Kabyle dress.
I want something exotic like this Kabyle dress.
Isn't a Kabyle dress exotic enough for you?
They were talking about Kabyle dresses.
He gave her a Kabyle dress for her birthday.
She's wearing a very nice Kabyle dress.
dollars for a Kabyle dress seems rather a lot.
$for a Kabyle dress seems rather a lot.
We're buying a Kabyle dress for Taninna's birthday.
When he heard that, he frowned.
Mary frowned, but said nothing.
No one can bring back time gone by.
I'm confirming my selection.
She's studying her Berber lessons.
I want some more couscous.
Get me some more couscous.
I read it in Berber.
"Tanemmirt" means "thank you" in Berber.
"Tanemmirt," that means "thank you" in Berber.
"Tanemmirt" is definitely not Kabyle. In the Kabyle dialect you'd say "ṣaḥḥa" which is borrowed from Arabic. "Tanemmirt" is Berber for "thank you."
You don't get where his back is, and where his belly is.
In class, they call each other by their Berber names.
In class, we used to call each other by our Berber names. That's why my name is Amastan.
She can talk Berber.
She talks Berber.
She's adorable when she speaks Berber.
We're sowing seeds.
I want to eat couscous.
We should try to stay sober.
I called my school and told them I'd cancel my Berber class.
Learning Berber also gives me the chance to meet new people.
I learn Berber every day.
She's taking a Berber class.
And the Lord spoke to Moses, saying: Sanctify unto me every firstborn that openeth the womb among the children of Israel, as well of men as of beasts: for they are all mine.
I have the right to speak Berber everywhere I go.
We have something in common: Berber.
I read that book in Berber.
Do you have any classics in Berber?
Do we have a Berber class tonight?
I have come over so Taninna and I can study Berber.
I learned Berber with Taninna.
Learning Berber wasn't that difficult.
We must be content just to admire each other from afar.
We're in Berber class.
"Like they say in Berber, "tanemmirt s tussda."" "What?" "Thank you very much."
She started singing in Berber.
And Moses said to the people: Remember this day in which you came forth out of Egypt, and out of the house of bondage, for with a strong hand hath the Lord brought you forth out of this place: that you eat no leavened bread.
What do you think of my new look in this Kabyle dress?
You look crazy in this Kabyle dress?
She looks frightening in this Kabyle dress.
She's wearing a beautiful Kabyle dress.
She looked sexy in her Kabyle dress.
We have spent practically our entire lives in Kabylie.
She doesn't need this Kabyle dress.
She's studying Berber.
She's in her room, studying Berber.
She looks sexy in that Kabyle dress.
She went there to study Berber.
She saved a lot of lives.
This doctor has saved a lot of lives.
What do dream women dream about?
You look great in this Kabyle dress.
Stop showing off already.
This is just me, showing off for the girls.
He's showing off.
Tom likes to show off in front of girls.
Put this on my bill.
Please put this on my bill.
She was feeling exhausted.
I grew up in a period when men were men.
The new airport will have six landing strips.
If you want to change lanes, you should first signal.
I'm a doctor, not a butcher.
I'm a doctor, not a torturer.
Her guess turned out to be right.
"He doesn't want to stay in Kabylie." "Is that so?"
Is your son-in-law Kabyle?
That's just idle speculation. We don't know what really happened.
I asked my brother-in-law to come with me to Kabylie.
"What did you eat?" "Couscous."
He had three helpings of couscous.
Do your kids eat couscous?
Go wash your shoes before that cement sets.
You never told me that you spoke Berber.
How long have you been speaking Berber?
Our Berber teacher is a very nice young man.
I'm Taninna's Berber tutor.
This doesn't sound like Berber to me.
Does anyone speak Berber?
This day you go forth in the month of new corn.
You can't leave until you sayt it in Berber.
"What are you doing?" "I'm making couscous."
There's still some couscous in the fridge.
Please put the couscous in the fridge.
I may be blind, but I'm not dumb.
I may be blind, but I'm not deaf.
I just woke up while they were still sleeping.
How much did that Kabyle dress cost?
"Do you smell this?" "It's couscous."
"Do you smell this?" "Yes. It's Taninna's couscous."
I thought you liked couscous.
You look real pretty in this Kabyle dress.
Your Berber is getting much better.
Your Berber is very strong.
"What's for dinner?" "Couscous." "Again?"
Are you sure you don't want to eat some of my delicious couscous?
Life has no meaning.
And when the Lord shall have brought thee into the land of the Canaanite, and the Hethite, and the Amorrhite, and the Hevite, and the Jebusite, which he swore to thy fathers that he would give thee, a land that floweth with milk and honey, thou shalt celebrate this manner of sacred rites in this month.
I can't afford to buy this Kabyle dress.
I'm taking her to Kabylie.
"Where are you taking her?" "To Kabylie."
This is Kabylie.
"She saved my life." "How?" "She gave me a kidney."
My mother saved my life.
"Where are they going?" "To Kabylie."
I fear the problem won't slide or slip.
You didn't have a heart attack. You had an anxiety attack.
We met in Kabylie.
I was visiting my cousin in Kabylie.
We went to a show in Kabylie.
When will you finally understand your mistakes?
He's going back to Kabylie.
Peoples in revolt write history.
I sent her a thank-you card in Berber.
We're going to have couscous.
We are going to eat couscous.
We're eating couscous tonight.
Give me my shoes.
Please give me my glasses.
I'm the one who suggested she sell her Kabyle dress.
I'd love to visit Kabylie.
She used to go to Kabylie to enjoy her holidays.
Tom is washing the lettuce.
She can't even speak Berber.
I'll see you in Kabylie.
He loves it in Kabylie.
I'd like to ask for your daughter's hand in marriage.
Ghosts can walk through walls.
Ghosts walk through walls.
You're trying to ruin my life.
Here is why this sentence puzzles me.
Did you lose your money?
Marie is choosing the flowers.
They have eighty dollars.
They have ninety dollars.
Hydrangea grows in her garden.
Hydrangea grows in their garden.
The high percentage of oxygen makes people full of vim and vigor.
She woke from her nap.
Nancy studied until it hurt.
A honeymoon in Canada is expensive.
Tom’s French was understandable when he visited Paris.
In our culture marriage is between one man and one woman.
She likes oranges, right?
It's heresy.
Paul was one of the best students in California.
Joshua is in charge today.
Samuel and Michael were talking about a girl Bryan met in Brazil last year.
Roy? Is that you?
Terry got injured last match and will be replaced by Pablo.
I am not a kid anymore.
Why does lightning flash and thunder rumble?
I am going to take a nap.
I am going to go take a nap.
The signal is clear.
Tom was hired before Mary got fired.
I've been doing everything I can to make that happen.
Tom was waiting at a bus stop.
My parents are going to kick me out of the house.
Tom looks so much happier now.
Tom talked to Mary Monday afternoon.
Are you really going to go to Boston by yourself?
Tom lied about what he'd seen.
Tom refused to tell Mary what to do.
When did you decide to try out for the Olympics?
Tom lied about what he'd done.
That's a reasonable request.
When are you going to retire?
When are you retiring?
Are you retiring soon?
Why did Tom retire early?
I plan to retire in three years.
Come back this afternoon.
Can you come back this afternoon?
Please come back this afternoon.
Tom said that he didn't want to live anywhere else.
Tom said he didn't want to live anywhere else.
I don't have what it takes.
I don't have the desire to do that.
I wish we didn't have to do that today.
You and I don't have a lot in common.
You and I don't have much in common.
Aren't you going to stay and help us clean up?
Why don't you sit next to me?
Would you like to sit next to me?
Tom said that he didn't want to sit next to me.
Tom said he didn't want to sit next to me.
Tom refused to sit next to me.
The next time you do that, I'm going to spank you.
What time will you be here?
How much money do you think I could get if I sold this?
How much time do you think it would take to ride a bicycle to Boston?
This suitcase is very heavy.
Tom's suitcases are very heavy.
What didn't you like about my idea?
Could I have this box?
Where would you like me to put this box?
Where should I put this box?
How many boxes did you unload from the truck?
My wife and I always eat breakfast together.
I wonder why Tom wanted us to watch this video.
What are we having for lunch?
What are we having for dessert?
Do you know why Tom stayed in Boston?
There wasn't anything Tom could've done to help Mary.
Go put your pajamas on.
Get up and dance with us.
We danced all night.
When was the last time you went dancing?
When was the last time you and Tom went dancing?
When was the last time that you and Tom went dancing?
When was the last time that you went dancing?
Do you and Tom go dancing often?
I hope that Tom isn't really planning on doing that.
I hope Tom isn't really planning on doing that.
I would never do what Tom did.
I would never do what Tom just did.
I wouldn't have the courage to do what Tom did.
I don't think that would be much fun.
I don't think that that would be much fun.
I doubt that would be much fun.
I doubt that that would be much fun.
What we tried didn't work.
We tried several things, but nothing worked.
How did Tom get down from the roof?
How did Tom get into your house?
Spaghetti is one of my favorite foods.
Chocolate ice cream is my favorite dessert.
Tom used to be the fastest runner in our class, but he isn't anymore.
Even if I'd had enough money, I wouldn't have bought that.
Even if I'd had enough money, I wouldn't have bought it.
I didn't make much money last year.
Would anybody like some coffee?
Does anyone want coffee?
Does anybody want coffee?
Tom never saw Mary again after that.
I was just trying to figure out what's going on.
Tom left just before daybreak.
What's your favorite city in Australia?
What's the distance from here to Boston?
What's your dream for yourself in three years?
What's the most popular dog breed?
What's the most popular dog breed in the world?
What's the most popular dog breed in Australia?
What's the most popular dog in Australia?
What's the most popular dog in the world?
What kind of dog do you have?
What's the most convenient way to get to the airport?
I bought a new wallet yesterday.
I bought a new pair of shoes on Monday.
Tell me about your new boyfriend.
Who recommended us to you?
When was the last time you played chess with Tom?
When was the last time you and Tom played chess together?
Why did you throw that rock at me?
Why did you kick my dog?
When was the last time you watched a horror movie?
I don't really like horror movies.
I seldom watch horror movies.
She doesn't wear Kabyle dresses.
All the people in the village know her.
The doctor examined me.
She wanted to sell her Kabyle dress.
How's your new job working out?
I wear a Kabyle dress.
I wouldn't buy that even if I had enough money.
Hamburgers aren't made from ham.
Can you hear yourself when you eat? It's disgusting!
I've been eating like this all my life.
We both grew up in Kabylie.
We grew up in the same village in Kabylie.
We're from the same village in Kabylie.
I had a very large grocery bill last month.
Tom just sat there, staring at Mary.
I don't understand what's so special about that.
Tom is watching a hockey game.
Tom is standing to the left of Mary.
I don't have any background information on that.
Tom is very good with numbers.
Tom is in the kitchen, helping Mary.
Those people over there are really cruel.
Others aren't as optimistic.
We could make a twenty dollar profit on every Kabyle dress we sell.
Where did you get this Kabyle dress from?
Our mosque has a parking lot.
They are tearing down the old mosque.
I don't like this Kabyle dress.
You're always welcome in Kabylie.
You're always welcome here in Kabylie.
Any time you're in Kabylie, drop in.
I'll buy you a Kabyle dress.
We bought this Kabyle dress on our way to Kabylie.
I'll buy you a Kabyle dress on our way to Kabylie.
I bought this Kabyle dress from Kabylie.
She hasn't learned Berber yet.
I haven't taught her Berber yet.
We haven't got water.
We haven't got water either.
"We haven't got water." "We haven't got water either."
Is the water on?
Is the water running?
Is the water running now?
You are as beautiful as the beautiful Kabyle village that bears your name.
You are as beautiful as the beautiful city in Algeria that bears your name.
Would you like some sauce with your couscous?
Would you like some vegetable sauce with your couscous?
The couscous was delicious.
We sang "Happy Birthday" in Berber.
Let's sing "Happy Birthday" in Berber.
I can't wait to take you to Kabylie.
"Couscous?" "I'm not hungry."
What brings you to Kabylie?
His whole life will be ruined.
She's very sexy in this Kabyle dress.
I can't forget Kabylie's hills and valleys.
Who would forget Kabylie's hills and valleys?
"Are you alright?" "Only when I'm with you."
I thought you were in Kabylie.
I took my glasses off.
We're still in Kabylie.
I'm still in Kabylie.
"What's today?" "Thursday."
Life is more than that.
Life is much more than that.
He enjoyed a full life.
Seven days shalt thou eat unleavened bread: and on the seventh day shall be the solemnity of the Lord.
Unleavened bread shall you eat seven days: there shall not be seen any thing leavened with thee, nor in all thy coasts.
I like to watch soccer on TV.
That's a Pavel joke if I ever heard one. I don't believe that you made it up.
You ruined my reputation.
Do you want to go out or stay home?
Do you want to stay home?
Do you want to go see a movie tonight?
Do you want to see a movie tonight?
Do you want to send it by air mail?
Is it OK to take pictures here?
Do you think that the economy will improve?
Do you think the economy will improve?
Would you like to go out this evening?
Do you have a pen I could borrow?
Do you have a pen that I could borrow?
Do you have experience doing this?
Do you know how to get home from here?
Do you know your way home from here?
Do you like your new computer?
Would you mind if I closed the blinds?
Would you mind if I opened the blinds?
Do you think Tom will agree to see us?
Do you think that Tom will agree to see us?
Do you reckon Tom will agree to do that?
Do you think that Tom will agree to do that?
Do you think our fears are warranted?
Do you think this fear is warranted?
Do you want me to get you something to drink?
Do you want me to get you something to eat?
Do you want me to open the door for you?
Do these plans meet with your approval?
Does this plan meet with your approval?
I don't think that it would be wise to interfere.
I don't think it would be wise to interfere.
Do you get nervous on stage?
Do you still get nervous on stage?
Do you have plans for this afternoon?
Do you know anything about astronomy?
Do you know anything about what happened here this morning?
Did you audition for the part?
Will you audition for the part?
Do you plan to audition for the part?
Are you planning on auditioning for the part?
Are you planning to audition for the part?
I don't have anything else I need to do today.
Tom is only working part-time.
Tom is having an argument with Mary.
We've been doing this for over three years now.
Tom is in the conference room.
Fortunately, Tom didn't break his leg.
Even if you aren't hungry, you should eat something.
Most jellyfish stings aren't deadly.
Can a jellyfish sting kill you?
Can jellyfish stings kill you?
Can bee stings kill you?
Can a bee sting kill you?
Those people are strong.
There are three possibilities.
Each of the five times I visited Boston, I stayed at the Sheraton Hotel.
Tom is a much better liar than Mary.
I've been thinking about this for a few months.
Tom is in his room by himself.
Things aren't looking good.
All translators are traitors.
Her wife is our Italian teacher.
I like to watch football on TV.
Yesterday we went to the bank.
I forgot to send the kids a postcard from Algeria.
You should stay in Kabylie.
Not all of my cats are gray.
All of my cats are gray.
We're looking for a Berber speaking babysitter.
Some of these boxes aren't empty.
My in-laws are Kabyle.
My in-laws are from Kabylie.
The mountains around here aren't very high.
She knows everything about Kabylie.
Are you going to ruin your life over a silly poker game?
I can't believe that you're going to ruin your life over a silly game.
If you aren't there by 2:30, we'll leave without you.
Some of these books aren't mine.
Of course I love Kabyle music.
Some of these books are mine.
I thought you liked Kabyle music.
We don't need to make any changes.
What changes do we need to make?
Please make all the necessary changes.
All the women here are beautiful.
There are about thirty people are waiting in the lobby.
About thirty people are waiting.
Her decisions has affected all our lives.
Both of my brothers are still teenagers.
We answered our country's call.
Tom is a much better cook than Mary.
Have you ever thought about committing suicide?
Tom is familiar with the area.
This has always played a great part in my life.
Tom is good at making paper aeroplanes.
She suffers from alexic reading disorder.
I feel so close to this family.
Mennad feels so close to that family.
Mennad is a lot better than he was in elementary school.
High school was the worst four years of Mennad's life.
Mennad is very shy.
Mennad got overwhelmed.
Mennad and Baya connected right away.
Something very bad happened to Mennad in high school.
Mennad hasn't told that story yet.
Mennad will tell you that story one day.
Mennad has always been really scared to tell you.
Mennad's lung collapsed.
Mennad's grandfather died.
Mennad grandfather died in the hospital.
It's such a hard thing to describe.
Depression isn't sadness.
Depression and sadness are two different things.
Mennad went to therapy.
Mennad went to college.
Mennad was afraid of meeting new people.
Mennad moved to a new school.
Mennad went to high school.
Mennad met Baya the first day of school.
Mennad is socially awkward.
Mennad was impressed when Baya went to him and talked to him first.
Mennad is so friendly.
Mennad isn't thinking about that.
Mennad is not thinking about that.
Mennad needs to take a second and breathe.
Mennad was sweating and breathing heavily.
Mennad has to answer questions on stage.
It felt good to speak on stage.
Mennad had to speak on stage.
Mennad held that back as much as he could.
Mennad has a checklist.
This helps so much.
Mennad is really depressed.
Mennad loved to do that.
Mennad needs to do something that would entertain his mind.
Mennad entertained himself.
Mennad called Baya.
Mennad handled things differently.
When Mennad died, Baya fell right back into that depression hole.
Mennad talked about what happened to him in high school.
Mennad sat down and started to talk.
I hope this helps you.
A lot of people go through depression.
Fat is a derogatory term.
Mennad likes using judgy terms.
Mennad is very judgy.
Mennad is talking about something different.
Mennad dealt with depression.
Mennad asked Baya about that.
Tom loves non-linear differential equations.
Mennad gained weight because of his depression.
Mennad is a very positive person.
Mennad doesn't like to be in a down mood.
Mennad is a high-energy person.
Mennad went into a depression.
Mennad disliked everything about his life.
The only class Tom has ever failed was differential equations.
Mennad hated the life he was living.
Mennad was in a very serious relationship.
Mennad is a very wonderful person.
Mennad hated going to work.
Mennad didn't like his job anymore.
Mennad started to isolate himself.
Mennad started to never go out.
Mennad was unhappy with everyone.
Mennad was unhappy with his life.
Mennad said he was feeling fat.
Mennad was becoming less attractive.
Mennad found Baya sexy.
Mennad is getting big.
Mennad wasn't sexy anymore.
Mennad was disgusting.
Mennad is over two hundred pounds now.
Mennad was dissatisfied with himself.
Mennad wasn't true to himself.
Mennad woke up every day at six.
Mennad started to sink into sadness.
Mennad sank into depression.
Mennad wanted to stay true to himself.
Mennad left his job.
Mennad quit his job.
Mennad wanted to pursue anything that would make him happy.
Mennad was doing a lot of self-education.
Mennad felt he was completely alone.
Mennad secluded himself.
Mennad felt lonely.
Mennad became heavily dependent on Baya emotionally.
Mennad felt more lonely.
Mennad became so resentful.
Mennad started to become resentful.
Mennad was disappointed in everyone.
Mennad and Baya started to argue a whole lot more.
Mennad was disappointed in Baya.
Mennad left the house at six.
Mennad started realizing that.
Mennad stayed at home.
Mennad watched TV all day.
Mennad ate all day.
Mennad ate a ton of sweets.
Mennad ate donuts.
Mennad ate donut sticks.
Mennad watched TV.
Mennad wanted to stay inside.
Mennad's clothes didn't fit him anymore.
Mennad lived in that way.
What's the value of zero factorial (0!)?
Mennad was depleted of energy.
Mennad was always having excuses.
Mennad was so sweet to Baya.
Baya wouldn't do her hair.
Mennad let himself go physically.
Mennad wasn't exercising.
Mennad climbed a mountain.
Mennad is exaggerating.
Mennad was dealing with depression.
Mennad was suffering from depression.
Tom said that zero factorial (0!) is defined to equal 1.
Mennad felt he didn't have the energy to make decisions.
Mennad didn't know who he was anymore.
Mennad did things he didn't really feel connected to.
Mennad recommended Baya to do that.
Mennad went into the kitchen.
There wasn't one dish available to use.
Mennad was different.
Mennad put on a lot of weight.
Mennad broke down crying.
Mennad started getting pissed.
Mennad started getting so mad.
Mennad started getting mad.
Mennad was fat and depressed.
In the event that you can't persuade them, befuddle them
Mennad wanted to leave his job.
Mennad made a tough decision.
Mennad started to lower himself as a human being.
Mennad can't go outside.
Mennad had a plethora of excuses not to live life.
Mennad doesn't want to be this way anymore.
Mennad was determined to do that.
Mennad knows how he feels about himself.
Mennad let himself go.
Mennad cleaned his kitchen.
Mennad felt handsome.
Baya felt beautiful.
Mennad hates funny cat videos.
Mennad never watches stupid videos.
YouTube isn't just for stupid videos.
Mennad doesn't remember that.
Mennad started watching porn videos.
Mennad was so greatful.
Mennad likes porn.
Mennad was overpaid.
Mennad is adding to the problem.
Mennad saved my life.
Mennad made Baya feel better.
Baya watched natural hair videos.
Baya's hair is natural.
Mennad didn't feel alone anymore.
Mennad did not judge Baya.
Mennad didn't judge Baya.
Mennad had YouTube on his TV screen 24/7.
Mennad got angry.
Mennad didn't take care of himself.
Mennad helped Baya learn how to take better care of herself.
Mennad took care of himself.
Mennad looks nice.
Baya's hair looks nice.
Mennad feels good.
Baya had makeup on.
Mennad was still pounds.
Mennad felt sexy.
There is somebody up there.
Mennad's business hit rock bottom.
Mennad started doing what he thought he should be doing.
Mennad was close to Baya.
Mennad was one of the people that were closest to Baya.
Mennad didn't have much to give.
Mennad didn't have much to offer.
Mennad put himself in a difficult situation.
Mennad surrounded himself with a bunch of idiots.
Fuck everybody.
Mennad has to live this life.
Mennad is on the airplane.
Mennad needs to take care of himself first.
Mennad can give a lot of time and energy to Baya.
Fuck your mentality.
Fuck your way of thinking.
Fuck your advice.
Fuck your opinions.
Mennad started taking care of himself.
Fuck your suggestions.
Fuck your projects.
Fuck your project.
Mennad needed to partner with someone.
Mennad is a coach.
Mennad is taking clients now.
Mennad hit Baya up on Facebook.
Mennad sent Baya an e-mail.
Mennad does coaching.
Fuck your help.
Fuck your teachings.
Fuck your books.
Mennad dyed his hair again.
Fuck your comments.
Fuck your thoughts.
Fuck your ideas.
Fuck your websites.
Fuck your work.
There is no purpose about it!
I can't come down right now.
You two need to go into couple therapy.
No one is judging you here.
Fuck your arrogance.
What brings you to therapy?
Mennad is pretty involved in Baya's life.
Mennad said his eyes were burning.
Mennad's car is drivable.
Mennad has no brakes.
Mennad's car is in an excellent shape.
Mennad needs permission to use his father's car.
Mennad needs to pass that test.
Mennad has an appointment with Baya.
Mennad has an appointment for this afternoon with Dr. Ziri.
Mennad's cat is under the bed.
Mennad has to make his bed.
Mennad made those beds all by himself.
Mennad hates that lumpy bed.
Mennad has stinky feet.
Mennad was doing his bed.
Mennad has been acting strange lately.
Mennad said he hated his life.
Mennad said he hated his mother.
Mennad said he hated his father.
Mennad read Baya's diary.
Mennad parked the car in the middle of the street.
Mennad parallel-parked his car.
Mennad passed his driving test.
Mennad told you he was a good driver.
Mennad is a good driver.
Mennad is a race car driver.
Mennad will be out in a little while.
Mennad has his father's permission to drive the car.
Mennad is having some company over for dinner.
Please stand behind that yellow line.
I don't remember anything about what happened yesterday.
Mennad's son is very religious.
Mennad needs to resist his temptation.
Mennad is easy to love.
Mennad is very easy to get along with.
Mennad cares about you so much.
It seems he's going to purchase a car in the near future.
Mennad lost his virginity.
Baya lost her virginity.
Mennad is still hiding.
Mennad is looking for Baya.
Tom eats only meat.
Tom studied applied mathematics and physics at Oxford University.
Mary studied applied mathematics and physics at Oxford University.
Tom Jackson graduated from Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv in 1998.
A lot of girls hide their autism, sometimes evading diagnosis well into adulthood.
Fuck your lectures.
Tom is quite posh.
Tom Jackson is quite posh.
Tom's house is quite posh.
Don't cram. Whatever you cram you will quickly forget.
Tom is such a wanker.
Tom is such a twat.
Tom asked Mary whether she fancied a drink.
Stop whingeing, Tom.
Enough of this whingeing!
Fuck your classes.
I don't want a tattoo on my girlfriend.
Fuck your dog.
Fuck your resume.
Fuck your career.
Fuck your experience.
Fuck your music.
Fuck your YouTube channel.
Fuck your academic career.
Are you reading this, arrogant motherfucker?
Fuck your country.
Fuck your principles.
Fuck your philosophy.
Fuck yourself.
I'll keep it brief.
Mennad's Mercedes is totalled.
Fuck your city.
Fuck your town.
Fuck your girlfriend.
Fuck your conditions.
Fuck your requirements.
Mennad is not mad.
That's why Mennad married Baya.
Mennad likes Baya's tattoo.
Mennad wants his money.
Mennad ruined Baya's dress.
Mennad ruined Baya's shirts.
Mennad ruined Baya's computer.
Mennad totalled Baya's car.
Mennad likes Baya's shirt.
Mennad likes Baya's T-shirt.
Mennad inspired Baya to do that.
Mennad already knows about it.
Mennad can sense things.
Mennad is cooking.
Mennad was cooking.
Baya spent a lot on that dress.
Mennad has a much bigger problem.
Mennad is a bum.
Mennad paid all that money for a tattoo.
We need to talk about that.
Can you just listen?
I really need your opinion.
I do not like tattoos on girls.
Mennad doesn't like girls with tattoos.
Mary is a fit bird.
Tom is a fit bloke.
Mennad will explain it over dinner.
Mennad did his own laundry.
Mennad is on a secret mission.
What game is Mennad playing?
Mary is autistic.
Mennad wants to expose his kids to Arab culture.
Mennad took out the trash.
Mennad took the trash out.
Mennad did the dishes.
What video game are you playing?
Mennad sent his son to the military.
Mennad is going straight to hell.
Mennad went to college with Baya's mom.
Mennad has to work really hard.
Mennad wants to join the military.
Mennad told Baya to join the army.
Mennad is going off to war.
Mennad enlisted in the army.
Mennad has made a great career in the military.
"High-functioning autism" isn't an official medical term or diagnosis.
And thou shalt tell thy son in that day, saying: This is what the Lord did to me when I came forth out of Egypt.
Mennad likes Baya's legs.
Tom is a chav.
Mennad likes Baya's eyes.
Cancel the deal.
Tom is a human trash.
Mary is a chav.
Asperger syndrome is a form of autism.
Tom has Asperger syndrome.
Cancel the appointment.
Tom says you aren't allowed to cuddle a koala in Austria.
And it shall be as a sign in thy hand, and as a memorial before thy eyes; and that the law of the Lord be always in thy mouth, for with a strong hand the Lord hath brought thee out of the land of Egypt.
I'm very proud of my Berber heritage.
This is a Muslim home.
Why did you become a Muslim?
Thou shalt keep this observance at the set time from days to days.
He loves Algerian food.
Do you like Algerian food?
I took her to Kabylie last week.
He's acting like a child.
He doesn't know the first thing about humility.
Say hello in Berber.
She looks beautiful in her Kabyle dress.
I just come back from Kabylie.
That Kabyle dress makes you look thinner.
That Kabyle dress makes you look less fat.
Am I not classy enough with this Kabyle dress?
I appreciate all this.
My head is swelling.
He got an A in Berber.
Berber class is on Friday.
He's upstairs, studying Berber.
"What are you doing?" "I'm studying Berber."
He will be late to Berber class.
He brought the mummy back to life.
He sold me a chicken.
The chicken was dead.
The chicken was already dead.
I eat couscous every day.
We eat couscous every Friday.
Why do Algerians eat couscous every Friday?
He's still living in Kabylie.
I went with him to Kabylie.
Are you still in Kabylie?
He came to Kabylie alone.
He raised his kids in Kabylie.
He wanted to raise his kids in Kabylie.
And when the Lord shall have brought thee into the land of the Canaanite, as he swore to thee and thy fathers, and shall give it thee: Thou shalt set apart all that openeth the womb for the Lord, and all that is first brought forth of thy cattle: whatsoever thou shalt have of the male sex, thou shalt consecrate to the Lord.
He was in Kabylie last week.
I've got to go to Kabylie.
He came to Kabylie.
He's coming to Kabylie.
Are you moving back to Kabylie?
You should move back to Kabylie.
They moved back to Kabylie.
They went back to Kabylie.
That's why I love Kabylie.
I've got some chicken in the refrigerator. Would you like to have some?
"What are you painting?" "A Kabyle woman in a traditional dress."
This is the best decision you have taken in your whole life.
Do you want some fries with it?
I couldn't sleep good last night.
They are still in Kabylie.
He's talking about Kabylie.
He stole a bicycle.
She was wearing a beautiful Kabyle dress.
She was wearing a black Kabyle dress.
He found his stolen bicycle.
I don't know who took that bicycle.
I didn't take that bicycle.
I didn' steal that bicycle. Honest.
I didn't steal that bicycle.
I haven't see that bicycle since you showed it to me last week.
He was looking for his bicycle.
He knows who stole his bicycle.
His bicycle was in the bathroom.
What's this bicycle doing in the kitchen?
The police found his stolen bicycle in a park.
His bicycle is in the basement.
He keeps his bicycle in the basement.
His old bicycle is in the basement.
He put his bicycle in a closet.
Where did you find this bicycle? In the garbage?
His bicycle is missing.
He stole her bicycle.
This isn't his bicycle.
He took her bicycle.
He was fixing his bicycle.
I don't want anybody touching this bicycle.
He showed me his new bicycle.
He showed me pictures of his new bicycle.
Tom is a guest in our home.
Teach me French.
Tom discovered Mary's body.
Let's move to Boston.
Tom is obviously ambitious.
Were you intimidated?
Tom liked the way Mary sang.
It's very cold outside.
Tom was wearing a ski mask.
Let me pay for your drink.
Tom often speaks French with Mary.
There isn't much milk left.
Tom is attentive to details.
Why do you enjoy doing that?
Tom called Mary after he called John.
Tom heard Mary's screaming for help.
You need to learn how to defend yourself.
The firstborn of an ass thou shalt change for a sheep: and if thou do not redeem it, thou shalt kill it. And every firstborn of men thou shalt redeem with a price.
He got stitches on his forehead.
I opened the door without hesitation.
An ant hole can bring down a river bank.
Winter came without warning.
Heavy silence descended between the two.
Even a dog knows his master after five days.
Tom doesn't like driving Mary's car.
It didn't look like you were paying attention.
Tom is considered a celebrity.
Neither of my parents are still alive.
Many boys are fond of mischief.
Almost all the girls here are kind.
Almost everybody here can speak French.
Almost everyone here can understand French.
Almost everybody here can understand French.
Policemen aren't allowed to drink on duty.
Do you have any stamps?
Here are three stamps.
There are three cars parked in your driveway.
There are three pencils here.
Everybody here can speak French.
Not everybody here can speak French.
Everyone here can speak French.
Those aren't your chairs.
If you wish, you can go there.
There are three men waiting for you on the porch.
Anybody can join.
We don't have to pay all these bills today.
We don't have to pay all these bills this week.
Anyone can become famous.
Three men are waiting for you on the porch.
What are your full names?
Some people seemed to have trouble understanding Tom's French.
Some people seemed to have trouble understanding me.
Injuries can happen to anyone.
Perhaps somebody could enlighten me.
Perhaps someone could enlighten me.
We can't do anything about that now.
Linux can be hacked, too.
Linux can be hacked as well.
Even Linux can be hacked.
Smoking can kill you.
How bad is smoking?
How bad is smoking really?
Why do people still smoke?
It's never too late to quit smoking.
Smoking is really bad for you.
Only a few sailors could be seen.
We only saw a few sailors.
How many sailors could you see?
How many sailors did you see?
Anybody may participate.
Anyone may participate.
Mennad was nervous.
Mennad was nervous for many reasons.
Mennad filmed a new video.
Mennad is dealing with depression.
Mennad is dealing with anxiety.
Mennad watched Baya's videos.
Mennad tried very hard to do that.
Mennad left you a message.
Mennad talked about his experience with depression.
Mennad was depressed.
Mennad wanted to talk about that.
Mennad wanted to share his experience with other people.
If anybody can do it, it's you.
Mennad was about sixteen then.
Mennad was fifteen or sixteen.
Mennad felt this deep sadness.
Mennad didn't know what it was.
Mennad was very insecure.
Mennad kept to himself.
Mennad was very self-conscious.
Mennad didn't have much space.
Mennad withdrew himself.
Mennad started to have suicidal thoughts.
Mennad didn't feel that way.
Mennad was in sixth grade.
Mennad was abused.
Mennad said he was depressed.
Everyone felt that way.
Mennad hated school.
Mennad really liked school.
Mennad and Baya knew each other.
It was very scary for Mennad.
Mennad was super shy.
Mennad was pretty shy.
Mennad was bullied in elementary school.
Mennad was bashing Baya online.
Mennad should kill himself.
Mennad told Baya she was ugly.
Mennad didn't know Baya was sad.
Mennad was too excited.
Mennad realized he had anxiety.
Mennad started to self-harm.
Mennad started to self-harm a few months later.
Mennad saw how crushed Baya was.
Mennad saw how crushed his parents were.
Mennad isolated himself.
Mennad felt he had control over that.
Mennad didn't care about himself.
Mennad didn't care about his family.
Mennad wasn't honest with himself.
Mennad didn't care about school.
Mennad never attempted to do that.
Mennad woke up in the hospital.
Mennad did this again.
Mennad did that again.
Mennad was feeling suicidal.
Mennad forgot his pain.
Mennad faked his pain.
Mennad was strong.
Mennad helped Baya.
Mennad helped his parents.
Mennad started self-harming.
Mennad helped his friends.
Mennad helped his co-workers.
Mennad started to hang out with friends.
Mennad gave up on himself.
Mennad had always known that that would happen.
Mennad may not understand.
Mennad went into senior year.
Mennad made that decision.
Mennad made the right decision.
Mennad couldn't live the rest of his life like that.
Mennad had to do something.
Mennad didn't know that then.
Mennad forced himself to do things that he didn't like.
Mennad was hanging out with friends.
Mennad has natural hair.
Mennad is young.
Mennad doesn't know why.
Mennad started feeling happiness.
Mennad felt it.
Mennad felt that.
Mennad skipped school a lot.
School didn't make Mennad happy.
Mennad doesn't regret it.
Mennad missed the majority of his senior year to go to the beach.
Mennad washed his hair.
Mennad missed the majority of his senior year.
Baya made her favorite dinner.
This makes Mennad feel all-American.
Mennad never experienced depression.
Mennad and Baya cried their eyes out.
Mennad is better.
Mennad thinks Baya is better now.
Mennad is feeling so sad.
Mennad is feeling depressed again.
This is what Mennad is feeling.
Mennad feels at peace.
Mennad and Baya had an amazing day.
Make him stop.
"Make him stop." "I'm trying."
Baya's baby was crying.
Can you make him stop?
Mennad can't figure out how he can make that baby stop crying.
Mennad is at peace.
Mennad made the baby stop crying.
Mennad can perform miracles.
Mennad can make miracles.
Mennad needs to put this into his tiny little mind.
Mennad's daughter is virgin.
Mennad begged for mercy.
Mennad screamed and yelled.
Mennad plays the piano.
Mennad was playing the piano.
Mennad has to practise really hard.
Mennad caught a fruit fly.
Mennad is studying fruit flies.
Mennad is interested in fruit flies.
Mennad is raising his kids in Egypt.
Mennad will be there early.
Mennad is raising his children in Egypt.
Cocktail parties can sometimes be boring.
Mennad is raising his child with spakings.
Mennad spanked his kids.
Mennad spanked his son.
Mennad's father spanked him for everything.
Don't say this anymore.
Mennad and Baya are both excited about it.
Mennad doesn't need to go.
Mennad is crazy.
Have you seen my gloves?
Have you seen my shoes?
Have you seen my ring?
Mennad read a book about child care methods.
As it is, I can't do anything.
Mennad's grandmother died.
Mennad is a little old-fashioned.
Mennad thinks he's still living in Biblical times.
Mennad disciplined his children.
Mennad was laughing.
Mennad laughed at the teacher.
Mennad was making fun of the teacher.
Mennad and Baya were laughing.
Mennad and Baya left the house at six.
Baya cleaned the baby.
Baya cleaned her baby.
This is not a competition.
Please stop it now.
Mennad is a better papa than you.
Mennad is a better father than you.
Mennad has done a wonderful job.
There aren't any medicines that can cure this disease.
Mennad doesn't care about that certificate.
Mennad isn't getting a certificate.
Baya's baby started crying.
Mennad can't do that.
Mennad is in class.
Mennad left Baya here.
Mennad and Baya started laughing.
Monkeys are good at learning tricks.
Mennad is eating something.
Mennad loves picnics.
Mennad and Baya are going to a picnic in the park.
Mennad is a graduate of the center.
Mennad helped his mother.
Mennad helped his mom.
Mennad understands.
Mennad said Baya was so clever.
Mennad received his doctorate in astrophysics in 2006.
Mennad remembers those days well.
Mennad had his son circumcised.
Mennad spanked his daughter.
I don't know what you just said.
Mennad got his certificate.
Mennad did a good job.
Mennad did a good job, too.
Mennad is doing great.
What the hell do you want?
Mennad retook the class and passed.
When is the next class?
Mennad and Baya got their certificates.
Mennad found a hundred dollar bill.
Mennad is trying to bribe Baya.
Mennad was trying to bribe Baya.
Mennad passed the course.
Mennad doesn't need anyone to tell him how to raise his children.
Mennad raised his children in Cairo.
Mennad tried that.
Mennad will give it a try later.
Mennad was playing the piano for Baya.
Mennad doesn't seem to like it.
Nothing would stop the baby from crying.
Mennad tried everything and nothing would stop the baby from crying.
Mennad doesn't know what Baya is talking about.
Nothing works.
Mennad isn't certified.
Mennad stopped crying.
Mennad can't do this.
Mennad hasn't heard an apology yet.
Mennad was on his knees.
Mennad said he did his magic in privacy.
Mennad farted.
Mennad farted again.
Mennad farted in the bathroom.
Mennad will never say that again.
Mennad was wrong.
Everything Mennad said was complete crap.
Mennad is a granddad.
Mennad is a grandfather.
"I love you, Dad." "I love you, too."
Mennad loves Baya's boobs.
Cocktail parties can be boring at times.
Mennad won't be bothered by the drip anymore.
Mennad started reading that book.
Mennad is coming back.
Mennad hasn't read that part of the book yet.
Mennad hasn't read that chapter yet.
Mennad won't tell you anything more.
Mennad had a good doctor.
Did Mennad have a good doctor?
Mennad is the best doctor in town.
Mennad didn't make it.
Mennad will read the book himself.
Mennad won't tell you.
Mennad and Baya can't do that.
Mennad spoiled the movie for me.
Mennad was peeking.
It's not nice to peek.
Mennad makes Baya so mad.
Mennad is a nerd.
Mennad asked Baya to marry him again.
Mennad is nuts about Baya.
How much money does Mennad have?
Mennad can't buy happiness with his money.
Mennad can't buy me.
Mennad won't take no for an answer.
Mennad brought more flowers.
Mennad poured himself a nice cool glass of milk and relaxed.
Mennad delivered the flowers to Baya personally.
Mennad sent a telegram to Baya.
Mennad delivered a telegram to Baya.
Mennad doesn't want to hear anything about that.
Mennad called the cops.
Mennad closed the window.
Mennad played the piano for his guests.
It's Mennad's turn this time.
Mennad went to wash up.
I thought you were Mennad.
Mennad is not here.
Mennad heard Baya's voice.
Mennad isn't here.
Mennad was looking for Baya.
Mennad isn't in here.
Mennad is not in here.
"I'm not your dear." "But you will be."
Mennad wanted to make Baya his third wife.
Mennad disappeared on his wedding.
Baya will be Mennad's last wife.
Mennad will talk about that over dinner tonight.
Mennad put the flowers in water.
Mennad paid Baya.
Mennad gave Baya six bucks.
I wish my father was here. He would know what to do.
Mennad has never met Baya's family.
Mennad was the head of the household.
Mennad's parents started to date in 2006.
Mennad is perfect.
Mennad is special.
Mennad could do it.
Mennad cannot get rid of Baya.
Mennad didn't take Baya seriously.
Mennad means so much to Baya.
Mennad was thinking.
Mennad introduced Ziri as his brother.
Mennad cannot condone this marriage.
Mennad can't condone this marriage.
Mennad took his flowers and left.
Mennad will be leaving in a few minutes.
Mennad is poor.
Mennad is poor but proud.
Mennad is a poor but proud man.
Mennad owns this restaurant.
Mennad can order anything he wants. He's our guest.
We're a poor but proud family.
Mennad can order anything he wants.
Mennad owns a restaurant in Cairo.
Mennad drinks alcohol.
Mennad sells wine.
Mennad sells champagne.
Mennad told Baya the bad news.
Mennad spent so much of his time away from home.
Mennad doesn't like children.
Mennad is much too precious.
Mennad has a castle in France.
Mennad inherited a castle in France.
Mennad is welcome to stay there, too.
Mennad isn't kidding.
Mennad is not kidding.
Mennad is a chef.
Mennad is prepared to pay Baya an enormous salary.
Mennad comes from a poor but proud family.
Fuck your laws.
Fuck your degrees.
Mennad is stupid.
Is Mennad feeling better?
Mennad and Baya are comparing notes.
Mennad will get rid of Baya.
Mennad never wants to see Baya again.
Mennad never wants to see you again.
Mennad has got to see this.
Mennad owes me a favor.
Mennad is not getting married.
Mennad is going to fix that.
Mennad isn't getting married.
Baya was wearing a traditional gown.
Tom is now in heaven.
Baya likes this gown.
Mennad has got to say something to Baya.
Mennad isn't Baya's brother.
Mennad lied to Baya.
Mennad and Baya aren't from the same family.
Tom is at a meeting right now.
I'm waiting for some of my friends to join me.
Tom didn't know why Mary went there.
Tom is an outstanding pianist.
Ready! Steady! Go!
None of these books are mine.
Tom's kid is a spoiled brat.
Some mushrooms are poisonous.
Tom has been visiting Mary every day.
All of these guitars are mine.
There aren't many men like Tom.
Mennad helped me.
Mennad doesn't love you.
Mennad doesn't love her.
Mennad wanted the flowers delivered immediately.
Mennad has a problem on his hands.
Don't you realize we have a problem on our hands?
Mennad bought the wrong coat.
What was your plan?
Mennad believes that.
Mennad met Baya's brother.
Baya looks beautiful.
Mennad will be here soon.
Mennad and Baya will not say no.
Mennad will not say no to Baya.
Baya decided to marry Mennad.
Sorry, I didn't mean to get so emotional.
Mennad and Baya are getting married.
Mennad needs to hear this first.
Mennad is at the door.
Mennad will never guess who's at the door.
Mennad must not be late.
Mennad and Baya have to talk about something.
Mennad musn't be late.
Mennad is in the mosque.
Mennad is a funny-looking man.
These children are Baya's baby's.
Mennad kept saying no.
Don't call me papa.
Don't call me dad.
This marriage is canceled.
Mennad can't stand children.
What took you so long to answer the phone?
Mennad is not married.
What's Baya doing in a wedding gown?
Mennad introduced his children to Baya.
Mennad is mad.
Mennad's cousin got married and he didn't invite him to the wedding.
Mennad was getting married.
Mennad's cousing is getting married.
Mennad is the man I love.
Mennad has a very important meeting at half past six.
Mennad is working.
Mennad is setting such a good example by coming in early.
Mennad comes in the morning.
Mennad is quite sure about that.
It's too bad of them.
Mennad stood there.
Mennad was due here at six thirty.
Mennad wants no explanation.
Mennad was coming in.
Do you often lie to your wife?
I'm afraid it was my fault.
Tom is a much better skier than Mary.
I want to leave this with you.
Coffee for everyone.
Tom is a very opinionated person.
Tea for everyone.
I want to talk to both of you.
Beer for everyone.
Wine for everyone.
Champagne for everyone.
Hot coffee for everyone.
Orange juice for everyone.
Coffee for everybody.
Tea for everybody.
Hot coffee for everybody.
The wind blew Mennad's umbrella away.
Mennad has an important meeting.
Mennad has an important meeting at six.
Mennad put them in his pocket.
Mennad would like to know why you're late.
Mennad would like to know why you are late.
Sick? Nothing serious, I hope.
No one would notice that.
No one would notice this.
No one would notice.
No one noticed that.
No one noticed this.
Pizza is on the way.
Mennad just stood there looking.
Mennad pretended to be a customer.
Mennad wished he could afford that.
Mennad must have one of those.
Mennad listened to the speech.
Mennad is going to give it a try.
Mennad encouraged Baya.
For St. Valentine's Day, I wrote my wife's name with rose petals.
Mennad put on his cap.
I don't think you quite grasp the idea.
Mennad wrote dozens of sentences.
Mennad wrote dozens of example sentences.
There's none left.
The stock ran out.
Your younger sister is very beautiful.
Mennad left the doors open.
Mennad got in.
A customer got in.
Baya's headscarf has lovely colors.
Mennad got up early.
Mennad never has a proper breakfast.
Mennad got up early in the morning.
Mennad and Baya got up early.
Mennad, Baya, and Ziri are happy.
If you don't pay me, I'll post your photos on the Internet.
Mennad was careful.
Mennad is looking for a job.
Mennad is looking for a partner.
Mennad has no mother.
Mennad didn't shut the door properly.
Mennad lives with that woman.
Mennad lives with that woman on the sixth floor.
Mennad is Algerian.
Sami is Burmese.
Sami's parents are Burmese.
It wasn't intended.
Mennad is a boy.
Baya is a girl.
Mennad is a man.
Today's hectic.
Baya is a young woman.
Mennad made me worried, too.
Mennad has a Burmese cat.
Mennad lives next door.
Mennad is very racist.
Mennad cannot acquiesce to this request.
I cannot acquiesce to this request.
Fuck your e-mails.
It would be a disaster.
It would be a catastrophe.
I want to climb the mountain.
I'm afraid there is no possibility.
I'm afraid there is no possibility to do that.
Mennad was making bad jokes.
Mennad and Baya pretended to be customers.
"Are you free?" "Yes, I think I'm free."
"Are you free, Mennad?" "Yes, I am." "Could you, please, come over here to help this customer?"
That depends on Mennad.
Why don't we try out Mennad's idea?
Mennad is helping a customer.
Who's helping this customer?
I just called Mennad.
Who is helping this customer?
Why is Mennad late?
Why is Mennad late today?
Tom is waiting for Mary to come back.
Mennad is supposed to be selling, not buying.
The summers here are very hot.
Tom is changing into his uniform.
Mennad took his glasses off.
Our expectations were too high.
Mennad looked normal.
Tom lived three hours away from Mary.
Tom lives three hours away from Mary.
Women aren't allowed to do that.
Tom was found bludgeoned to death.
Your briefcase is near the door.
Mennad was wandering in the store, admiring the goods.
Do you often lie to your husband?
Mennad couldn't make up his mind.
When was the last time that you lied to your husband?
Baya is interested in buying a bra.
When was the last time you lied to your husband?
Tom is likely going to be caught.
Our profit margin is very small.
Mennad was first.
This lady was first.
I will be with you in a moment.
Mennad was here first.
Mennad and Baya were here first.
Mennad bought them.
Mennad tried them on.
Mennad sold them.
Mennad saw them.
Is this the way you treat your customers?
Mennad is a stranger.
Mennad was standing behind his counter.
What was the stick for?
Mennad was getting changed.
Mennad was behind the counter.
Mennad recognized his stolen watch.
What is the reason for this mascarade?
Mennad hasn't got a customer yet.
Mennad has not got a customer yet.
I'm looking for a cashmere sweater.
I am looking for a cashmere sweater.
I'll take these socks as well.
I will take these socks as well.
Mennad bought a cashmere sweater.
Mennad bought socks.
Mennad has socks.
Mennad is rich and lives alone.
Mennad lives alone.
Mennad is rich.
Mennad was the last one.
Baya gave birth in June.
Mennad will be dismissed.
Mennad needs his coffee break.
Here's the car.
What's this animal?
What is this animal?
Baya's coffee is nice.
Mennad's coffee is nice.
Mennad is one of you.
Mennad is just one of you.
Am I allowed to smoke?
Mennad isn't allowed to smoke.
Mennad is with us.
Mennad is waiting.
This customer would like some trousers.
Use my phone.
Use my key.
Mennad works.
Mennad still works.
Mennad has a cow.
Mennad looks Chinese to me.
Mennad needs anesthetic.
Mennad needs an anaesthetic.
Mennad's opinions were so illogical.
What a lovely morning.
Mennad knows Baya in real life.
Mennad knows that girl in real life.
Mennad screwed up.
Mennad's shyness always holds him back.
Mennad's depression always holds him back.
I'm your wife.
Would it be OK if I borrowed your bicycle tomorrow afternoon?
I am your wife.
I'm your husband.
I am your husband.
I'm your mother.
I am your mother.
Mennad hated that restaurant.
Mennad hated that beach.
Mennad hated the clinic.
Mennad hated that shopping mall.
Mennad was at death's door.
Mennad had mental issues.
Mennad's abuse ruined Baya's life.
Mennad's abuse destroyed Baya's life.
Mennad took time off to look after his kids.
Mennad took time off to look after his children.
Mennad took time off to look after his daughter.
Mennad took time off to look after his son.
I'm going bowling.
I'm going golfing.
I am going fishing.
I'm going swimming.
I am going swimming.
I hate bowling.
I hate swimming.
I hate fishing.
I hate hunting.
I should have hired a bodyguard.
I should have hired a secretary.
I should have hired a bouncer.
I should have hired a security guard.
I should have hired a waiter.
I should have hired a butler.
I should have hired a maid.
I should have hired lifeguards.
I should have hired more lifeguards.
Don't ever defend me again.
Don't ever boss me around again.
Maria goes to the dogs.
Don't ever call me dad again.
Don't ever stare at me like that again.
Don't ever talk back to me again.
I didn't want to depress you.
These kids are mine.
These dogs are mine.
These pencils are mine.
These crayons are mine.
I want to be in Egypt myself.
I want to be in Cairo myself.
I want to be in the Bahamas myself.
I became a cop.
I became a doctor.
Perhaps it is too late.
Tom always goes to church with Mary.
How many wars are going on at this time?
Tom is always borrowing money.
I don't have anything else I have to do today.
Tom and Mary played tennis together.
Women didn't use to be allowed to do that.
Don't stare into the mouse laser beam.
I don't have time to camp the chat.
Tom cut down all peach trees in the garden.
And when thy son shall ask thee to morrow, saying: What is this? thou shalt answer him: With a strong hand did the Lord bring us forth out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. For when Pharaoh was hardened, and would not let us go, the Lord slew every firstborn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of man to the firstborn of beasts: therefore I sacrifice to the Lord all that openeth the womb of the male sex, and all the firstborn of my sons I redeem.
Tom helped himself to a biscuit.
The teacher was surrounded by his students.
Dogs were domesticated before cats.
Rice is a domesticated plant.
Rice was domesticated in China.
Corn was domesticated in North America.
Dogs were first domesticated somewhere in Europe or Asia.
That doll is haunted!
That mirror is haunted!
And it shall be as a sign in thy hand, and as a thing hung between thy eyes, for a remembrance: because the Lord hath brought us forth out of Egypt by a strong hand.
Our dog is house trained.
Our daughter is toilet trained.
Our son is toilet trained.
Our daughter is potty trained.
Our son is potty trained.
I spent years in prison for a crime I did not commit.
The female armor in this video game is so skimpy.
The female armor sets in this video game are basically bikinis.
When I hear this, it makes me proud to be Algerian.
I took the plug off.
Did you download it?
You're not allowed on this floor.
Please leave the floor.
She can't wear anything over that Kabyle dress.
She shouldn't wear anything over that Kabyle dress.
And when Pharaoh had sent out the people, the Lord led them not by the way of the land of the Philistines, which is near; thinking lest perhaps they would repent, if they should see wars arise against them, and would return into Egypt.But he led them about by the way of the desert, which is by the Red Sea: and the children of Israel went up armed out of the land of Egypt.
Stop acting silly.
Out of my kitchen!
I want you out of my kitchen.
And Moses took Joseph's bones with him: because he had adjured the children of Israel, saying: God shall visit you, carry out my bones from hence with you.
And marching from Socoth, they encamped in Etham, in the utmost coasts of the wilderness.
And the Lord went before them to shew the way, by day in a pillar of a cloud, and by night in a pillar of fire; that he might be the guide of their journey at both times.
There never failed the pillar of the cloud by day, nor the pillar of fire by night, before the people.
This is my toolbox.
Love your children with your heart but raise them with your hand!
Why does nobody love me?
Tom, how could you lie to me, right to my face, like that?
Can you fix the latch on my front door?
Let's not do that this afternoon.
Tom ran into Mary downtown yesterday.
I need to talk to the both of you.
Tom is waiting to see his doctor.
I want to talk to the both of you.
Tom talked to some of Mary's friends.
Let's go downtown tomorrow morning.
Tom kept doing what he was doing.
What's the most poisonous mushroom?
Tom told Mary about his life in prison.
You'll get used to this in no time.
Tom left without anyone noticing.
I want to continue what we're doing.
Tom told me that Mary was his sister.
We need to figure out our next move.
We need to figure out what our next move should be.
Tom lives in a good neighborhood.
We're going to take a break at 2:30.
Let's take a break at 2:30.
Tom tried to cook something for Mary.
Tom cooked something for Mary.
Tom wanted to cook something for Mary.
What kind of mushrooms can kill you?
Tom lives in the house behind ours.
What's the best way to get downtown?
Tom wanted to introduce Mary to John.
Tom wants to introduce Mary to John.
I was just trying to figure that out.
I'm just trying to figure that out.
I was just trying to figure out what to do.
I'm just trying to figure out what to do.
Tom never goes to Boston anymore.
Let's go to the zoo tomorrow morning.
Tom was having an argument with Mary.
What's the best way to get into town?
What's the fastest way to get into town?
Tom returned to Boston last week.
Tom got back to Boston last week.
Tom came back to Boston last week.
I'll get here tomorrow at 2:as usual.
I'll be here tomorrow at 2:as usual.
Tom was standing in line behind Mary.
Tom was standing in line in front of Mary.
Tom was trying to hide behind Mary.
You can wear this watch when you're swimming.
Tom is already in his pajamas.
I do what I'm told to do.
I heard that Tom and Mary would be going to Boston.
I heard Tom and Mary would be going to Boston.
Tonight's the night.
Why doesn't anybody love me?
Why doesn't anyone love me?
Why doesn't anybody like me?
French is not hard.
French isn't hard.
Sweet and sour pork is my favorite Chinese food.
Why doesn't anyone like me?
There's no solution.
Tom is making a cake.
Tom made a cake.
There's no sugar here.
Mary is wearing conservative clothes.
Mary is wearing modest clothes.
Mary is wearing demure clothes.
Tom is away now.
Tom is somewhere else.
Tom is still in his room studying.
Tom is still in the bath.
In a sense, it's true.
Our TV isn't working.
Our TV is broken.
There's a cat on your porch.
Telling lies is wrong.
In the rider's hand was a saber.
The old man slipped, fell, and hit his head on the pavement.
The tiger is hiding in a bamboo thicket.
Right now, there isn't much that I can do to help.
There isn't anything anybody can do to avoid the inevitable.
There isn't anything that anyone can do to avoid the inevitable.
There isn't anything anyone can do to avoid the inevitable.
At the moment, there isn't anybody in the office.
Every even number greater than is the sum of two primes.
Is a prime number?
Is considered a prime number?
She isn't hungry.
Our baby isn't talking yet.
French isn't easy to master.
The Native Americans were hungry.
The square root of is irrational.
Tom forgot how to prove that the square root of is irrational.
Tom was annoyed by Mary's behavior.
I don't understand how things went so wrong.
Tom is accustomed to the work.
I finally got a driving licence.
I really admire Tom's ability to answer questions.
Nobody that I know went to Australia.
Nobody I know went to Australia.
No one that I know went to Australia.
No one I know went to Australia.
No one that I know has been to Australia.
No one I know has been to Australia.
Nobody that I know has been to Australia.
Nobody I know has been to Australia.
Would you like a cuppa?
And the Lord spoke to Moses, saying: Speak to the children of Israel: Let them turn and encamp over against Phihahiroth, which is between Magdal and the sea over against Beelsephon: you shall encamp before it upon the sea.
And Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel: They are straitened in the land, the desert hath shut them in.
Is she Muslim?
He grew a beard.
We're not Muslims.
Wouldn't you like to have some coffee?
Muslims have lots of things that we don't have.
Where is your guitar?
He became a hippy.
He's going to the movies.
What movie are you going to see?
He's at a guitar mass.
He turned into a Catholic.
Is this some kind of a horror movie?
I don't want my wife to change from a Muslim to a Christian.
Are you a Catholic priest?
He wanted to convert my wife to Islam.
They're good friends.
I went to the church to confess.
No one is trying to convert your wife to Islam.
He went to a religious center.
Why don't you try to communicate with your wife?
If you can't talk to your wife, talk to your minister.
Talking to you is a waste of time.
Leave this floor immediately.
Very few people do this.
This jacket is warm.
Look at that Kabyle dress again.
He left his wallet on the counter.
We have a brief announcement to make.
Fancy meeting you here at this time.
And I shall harden his heart and he will pursue you: and I shall be glorified in Pharaoh, and in all his army: and the Egyptians shall know that I am the Lord.
This is my apple.
I must have picked your phone up by accident.
The boss has seen you smoking.
I consider that an invasion of my privacy.
It's amazing what you can see with a telescope.
He slept in the spare room.
He's a very suspicious character.
He's a shoplifter.
The boss must be alerted.
They tested the efficiency of the cameras.
We were raised in Kabylie.
She and I were raised in Kabylie.
You have my authority to proceed with that order.
And they did so. And it was told the king of the Egyptians that the people was fled: and the heart of Pharaoh and of his servants was changed with regard to the people, and they said: What meant we to do, that we let Israel go from serving us?
She goes by bus.
We missed the bus.
This creates a lot of political problems.
This has increased the price of gas a lot.
This gas is less polluting.
Does Iran really want to have nukes?
China is famous for copying products from the West.
China has learned from the past.
What happened in Russia during the 2000's?
China gained lots of technological secrets from the best international companies.
China can build its nuclear reactors without the help of foreign companies.
Algeria exports oil.
Algeria imports almost everything.
Is Algeria bad at making deals?
Iran has started using more and more nuclear power.
Love can be fake, but hate is real.
In Turkish, direct translation from Turkish into English is sometimes humorously called "chicken translate".
Hiroshi has lived in the US for a long time, but he still speaks Engrish.
So he made ready his chariot, and took all his people with him. And he took six hundred chosen chariots, and all the chariots that were in Egypt: and the captains of the whole army.
Tom was a double agent.
My aunt is my mother's sister.
Darn it, it cost me two hundred bucks to get my car fixed.
I think that that's a good idea.
Let's go to the mall tomorrow afternoon.
Tom spent the night at our place.
There weren't many people in the museum.
Tom and Mary left for school together.
There aren't many people who can do that.
There aren't many people that can do that.
There isn't any milk in the refrigerator.
There's no milk in the refrigerator.
Tom called Mary the following morning.
Three drunk men were singing in the park.
Tom took his dogs out for a walk.
You and I don't have very much in common.
Tom came to Boston to propose to Mary.
Tom went to Boston to propose to Mary.
How do you know if a mushroom is poisonous?
Tom was acting like he was drunk.
How do you tell if a mushroom is poisonous?
Tom celebrated his birthday with Mary.
I'm trying to figure out why that happened.
I'm still trying to figure out why that happened.
Tom was at the bus stop, waiting.
Let's not do that while we're here in Boston.
Tom convinced Mary to go see a doctor.
Tom convinced Mary that she needed to go see a doctor.
You'll never be able to do that as well as me.
Tom was brutally beaten to death.
Our neighborhood is quiet in the early afternoon.
Tom didn't know why Mary wanted to go.
When was the last time you lied to your children?
Tom was in high school back then.
Which one of these book do you want to read next?
Tom doesn't know it's Mary's birthday.
Tom doesn't know that it's Mary's birthday.
You'll never be able to do that as well as I can.
Tom was just trying to apologize.
What can I tell you about myself that you don't already know?
Tom drove across town to Mary's place.
Why don't you tell us what made you think that was going to happen?
Why don't you tell us what makes you think that's going to happen?
Why don't you tell us what made you think that that was going to happen?
Why don't you tell us what makes you think that that's going to happen?
Tom was killed three years later.
Tom drove to the airport to meet Mary.
That's not the reason I came to Australia.
That isn't the reason I came to Australia.
That's not the reason that I came to Australia.
That isn't the reason that I came to Australia.
Tom told Mary about what he'd done.
Tom told Mary what he'd done.
I couldn't figure out who that man was.
Tom tried to say something to Mary.
Tom is able to swim very fast.
Why did you lie about how old you were?
That doesn't interest me at all.
I have no interest in that.
I'm not interested in that kind of thing.
Tom says he knows he can't win.
Tom says that he knows he can't win.
Tom says he wanted to do more.
Tom says that he wanted to do more.
Tom kicked the locker door shut.
You're not going to have to go alone.
You aren't going to have to go alone.
Suddenly, it started raining very hard.
Tom winced with pain.
I'm really not that worried about the weather.
Mary took a sip from the bottle and winced: the milk had gone sour.
I never used to smoke.
I never used to drink.
That never used to happen.
Tom never used to drink so much.
They all started waving their flags.
It never used to be like this.
Tom thinks Mary is too old for him.
I'll be there on the twentieth of October.
I'll be there on the 20th of October.
Tom has plans for the weekend.
Tom didn't use to eat so much junk food.
You didn't use to eat so much junk food you were younger.
I didn't use to like opera, but I enjoy it a lot now.
Do you prefer cheddar or gouda?
What's your favorite kind of cheese?
How often do you eat cheese?
What is the hardest cheese?
Which cheese is best for pizza?
How many kinds of cheese do you use on your pizzas?
What kind of cheese do you usually eat when you drink red wine?
Are you married now?
Are you going to pay for it?
Are you speaking French?
Were you two speaking French?
I think I heard you speaking French earlier.
Accidents can happen at any time.
We need to report this accident.
The accident was caused by pilot error.
Tom got injured badly in the accident.
Tom was injured badly in the accident.
Tom got seriously injured in the accident.
Tom has been involved in three accidents in the past year.
Tom was partly responsible for the accident.
Tom was killed three days ago in a traffic accident.
Are you over thirty years old?
Are you over thirty?
Let's go drinking.
Let's go drinking tonight.
All of our systems were damaged.
Our systems were damaged.
Several other people were wounded.
I wish that I hadn't believed you.
I wish that you'd call us.
I wish that you'd call me.
I wish that I'd called you.
I wish that I hadn't hit you.
I wish that I hadn't kissed you.
I wish that I were more like you.
I wish that I hadn't married you.
I wish that I could've seen you.
I wish that you could go with me.
I wish that you could go with us.
Tom pressured Mary into doing that.
What made you want to become a policeman?
Tom got his hair cut recently.
Three houses were bombed.
Three vehicles were destroyed.
Over thirty people have been arrested.
Over thirty people have been arrested so far.
Over thirty people were arrested.
If I were you, I'd buy it.
If I were you, I'd stay quiet.
If I were rich, I'd buy it.
If I were rich, I'd travel.
Only three horses raced.
There were only three horses in the race.
Only three horses were in the race.
I got everything that I wanted.
Tom gave me everything that I asked for.
I wish that you were here.
We wish you were here.
We wish that you were here.
All the stores on this street have closed.
Most of the children were unable to read or write.
When I first started teaching here, most of my students were unable to read or write.
When I first started teaching here, most of my students couldn't read or write.
Most of the children couldn't read or write.
Two passenger ships sank.
Some of the farmers were unwilling to fight.
Some of the men were unwilling to fight.
Some of the villagers were unwilling to fight.
We discussed the three ideas that were proposed.
Three ideas were proposed.
Supplies are very low.
If I were young, I'd go abroad.
If I were young, I'd do that.
If I were younger, I'd do that.
Three cars were in an accident.
We didn't get to the meeting on time.
Three of our sheep have died.
Three sheep were killed by a wolf.
My mother and I were in the garden.
Do you want a ride to the shop?
Tom and I were in the garden.
Not very many children were in the room.
Not very many children were there.
Tom owns three pairs of shoes.
Tom has three pairs of shoes.
Tom only has three pairs of shoes.
Some of the crew drowned.
If I were you, I'd do the same.
If I were you, I'd do the same thing Tom is doing.
If I were you, I'd do the same thing Tom does.
I told you they wouldn't come.
I told you Tom wouldn't come.
I told you Mary wouldn't come.
I told him you wouldn't come.
Who told you I wouldn't come?
Not all the students were there.
Some of the students weren't present.
Some of the students were absent.
Some students weren't there.
Not all of the students were present.
Our team wore red shirts.
Everybody was satisfied.
Baya bought six bras.
Mennad sells bras.
Mennad wants to see what they look like.
What size is this bra?
Baya wears small bras.
That would be a disaster.
Mennad came out of the bath.
Mennad pulled the blind down.
Mennad speaks Arabic.
Mennad eats pork.
Mennad greeted us in Arabic.
Mennad learned some Arabic phrases.
Mennad learnt some Arabic.
Mennad wants a coat to keep out the cold.
Mennad wants a coat.
Mennad wants a bicycle.
Mennad wants a jacket.
Mennad wants a hat.
Mennad is here.
Mennad is only selling Egyptian goods.
Mennad is very Algerian.
Aren't you proud to be Egyptian?
Of course I'm proud to be Egyptian.
Mennad returned to Egypt.
Mennad is wearing a stupid German hat.
Mennad is silly.
Mennad looks like a hillbilly.
Mennad has many Egyptian customers.
Mennad isn't Egyptian.
Mennad is not Egyptian.
Mennad is being served.
"Are you being served?" "I'm just having a look."
"Are you being served, sir?" "I'm just having a look. Thanks."
Mennad will take care of this customer.
Mennad came in late.
Mennad likes black and white cats.
Mennad named his black and white car Felix.
Mennad loves cats.
Mennad has been here since the crack of dawn this morning.
Mennad can't wait ten minutes.
Mennad is having a bath tonight.
Mennad is having a bath with Baya.
Mennad doesn't find that amusing.
Mennad bought some furniture.
Mennad wants shoes.
Mennad wants a bike.
Mennad wants a scarf.
Mennad wants pants.
Mennad wants a car.
Mennad hasn't said yes yet.
Mennad isn't going there again.
Mennad is not going there again.
Mennad was making fun of Baya.
Mennad has got one.
This isn't going to take long.
Mennad has never seen a beaver before.
"Thank you." "It's always a pleasure."
This is a complete disaster.
What exactly is a "Smurf"?
I'm not sure if this is good or bad.
I am not sure if this is good or bad.
Mennad has six dogs.
Mennad has six cats.
Mennad has six brothers.
There is nothing wrong with the idea.
Mennad is known for his anti-Egyptian feeling.
That's the sort of thing Mennad has to put up with all day long.
Can we knock it off?
Can we knock it off, please?
Mennad never buys Egyptian goods.
Mennad has decided to boycott Egyptian goods.
Mennad has gone too far.
Mennad has gone far too far.
It was a terrible shock.
Mennad didn't have time.
Mennad did not have time.
Mennad won't make the same mistake again.
Mennad will not make the same mistake again.
Mennad was serving lunches in a traditional costume.
Mennad was dressed up as a prince.
I like what I'm hearing.
Mennad looks like Frankenstein.
Mennad is Egyptian.
Mennad wanted to participate.
Mennad's clothes symbolize authority.
Mennad is absolutely on the right track.
Let's see what Mennad thinks.
Mennad is a captain.
This suit gives Mennad an appropriate air of authority.
Mennad is in charge of the sixth floor.
Mennad is on the sixth floor.
Mennad is talking about Egypt.
Figures are a little better today.
Mennad arranged for his staff to do that.
Perhaps you could come down and have a look.
Mennad works at the strip club.
Baya has nice legs.
Mennad arranged for his secretary to do that.
How do you find the costume?
Is the costume comfortable?
Mennad pushed hard.
Mennad pushed harder.
Mennad was just helping Baya.
Mennad was just helping her.
Mennad will come back later.
Mennad is quite finished.
I think I'll have a word with you.
What is it, Mennad?
This costume gives Mennad an air of authority.
Mennad got Baya's permission.
Mennad got Baya's permission to do that.
Mennad likes German wine.
What's this strange creaking noise?
Mennad is singing.
Mennad is screaming.
Mennad is yelling.
Mennad is calling.
Mennad is talking.
Mennad is whistling.
Mennad forgot to put his shoes on.
If Baya dresses like that, she will attract a lot of customers.
Mennad is looking for that.
Mennad and I are OK.
Mennad is singing in Arabic.
What's this stupid song?
Mennad is laughing.
Mennad is thinking.
Baya is more feminine than Lidya.
Mennad has one.
Mennad is drinking.
Mennad is driving.
Mennad is looking.
Mennad is trying.
Mennad is swimming.
"Are you free?" "Of course I'm free."
We're shut.
We are shut.
Mennad doesn't want to do this.
Mennad will never stop.
Mennad was coming.
Mennad was here.
I want a word with you, Mennad.
Mennad offered his guest a glass of wine.
Mennad doesn't drink wine.
Mennad works under Mr. Ziri.
I hope he likes it.
Let me put it like this: Why don't you take the money and leave?
I don't you to bother with that now.
Pay attention, please.
Mennad played Egyptian music.
Mennad danced to Egyptian music.
Mennad likes Egyptian music.
Mennad and Baya danced to Egyptian music.
Mennad can play the piano.
Mennad doesn't do it like that.
Mennad slapped Baya in front of everybody.
Mennad is lost.
Mennad is gone.
Mennad continued dancing.
Mennad continued to dance.
Mennad kept on dancing.
Mennad is sleeping.
Mennad is eating.
Mennad was swimming.
Mennad is exercising.
Mennad is jogging.
Tom kissed Mary at midnight.
I want fruit.
I want to sing with Tom.
I want dessert.
I want to buy a necklace for Mary.
I want respect.
I want to meet Tom again.
I want evidence.
I wanted to buy a necklace for Mary.
I want to trade.
Tom will likely be caught.
I want it so bad.
I want a new suit.
I want Tom to study harder.
I want a unicycle.
Tom doesn't like to drive Mary's car.
I want to be fair.
Tom will likely get caught.
I want you to eat.
Tom is a much better bowler than Mary.
Our method worked.
I want to meet Tom's family.
I want a motorboat.
Tom is a much better dancer than Mary.
I want a new phone.
I want you to sing with Tom.
I want more coffee.
Tom is a much better driver than Mary.
Tom is a much better driver than Mary is.
I want to meet you.
Tom and John hit each other.
I want you to wait.
Tom lives in the apartment below Mary.
I could barely move.
Tom and John hurt each other.
I want a dozen eggs.
Tom swore he hadn't seen Mary all day.
Tom swore that he hadn't seen Mary all day.
I want a microscope.
Tom heard Mary climbing the stairs.
I don't want to spend all day doing this.
Tom heard Mary coming down the stairs.
The card was signed "From a man who finds you attractive."
How old are you anyways?
Tom heard Mary coming up the stairs.
Mennad is getting more intelligent every day.
Baya finds mature men very attractive.
Mennad's son is about your age.
I love the way he wears his glasses.
I love the way he wears his reading glasses.
Mennad finds you just as attractive as I do.
There's a new McDonald's up the street.
Mennad and Baya had fantastic sex.
Mennad would never cheat on Baya.
Mennad was worshipping Baya from afar.
Mennad has had a life before Baya has come here to work.
Mennad has been happily married to the same woman for a very long time.
Mennad has got a lot of years ahead of him.
Mennad is going through hell.
Mennad is giving you six weeks off with pay.
Mennad and Baya are open with each other.
Mennad is my bookkeeper.
Mennad wants Baya real bad.
Mennad wants Baya.
Mennad wants to have sex with Baya.
Mennad wants Baya for sex.
Mennad is in love with Baya.
Mennad sent Baya a bouquet of flowers with a card.
I'm yours tonight.
I am yours tonight.
Baya is yours tonight.
"I'm yours tonight." "What do you mean?"
"I'm yours tonight." "Sorry. I don't sleep with bitches."
Find a man your own age.
Mennad is creating his own site.
Mennad is professional.
Mennad needs to showcase his work.
Mennad is punctual.
Mennad was honest.
Mennad is serious.
Mennad is religious.
Mennad is faithful.
Mennad is funny.
Mennad is romantic.
Mennad is intelligent.
Mennad is athletic.
Mennad and Baya are strong.
Mennad and Baya are stronger than Ziri.
Mennad was tall.
Do you believe in our lord and saviour, the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
Do you believe in our lord and savior, the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
She seems to be sympathetic, but it's all an act.
I don't have to take no insults from you.
Mennad likes Baya's hair.
Mennad likes Baya's lips.
Mennad likes Baya's glasses.
Mennad likes Baya's smile.
Today is laundry day.
You're going to Egypt.
"I'm going to college, Mom." "That's my boy."
Mennad can't read numbers.
Mennad can't read big numbers.
Mennad can't read Arabic.
Don't bounce your ball here.
How did you know I was up here?
Come here and keep your voice down.
Make sure they don't see you.
I'll fix my bicycle in the house.
Cancel the order.
Cancel that.
Please cancel the order.
Please cancel the appointment.
Please cancel that.
Pleace cancel the order.
Baya is dancing like a stripper.
Baya is stripping in front of everybody.
Mennad is shaking his ass fast.
Take that off.
"Take that off." "This is my bra."
And the Lord hardened the heart of Pharaoh, king of Egypt, and he pursued the children of Israel; but they were gone forth in a mighty hand.
Mennad and Baya are talking about sex.
Mennad has got two left feet.
Tom was injured playing football.
Mennad is going back to ballet.
Mennad is going back to soccer.
Don't eat like that.
Don't sit like that.
Don't drink like that.
That kid is so bad.
That boy is so bad.
That player is so bad.
That girl is so bad.
He can't play.
Why don't we introduce Mennad to an English sport like polo?
I know you don't like chicken.
I know you don't like ballet.
I know you don't like soccer.
I know you don't like tennis.
I know you don't like politics.
I know you don't like economy.
I know you don't like football.
I know you don't like baseball.
I know you don't like basketball.
I know you don't like volleyball.
Your secret is safe with Mennad.
Mennad was taking out the garbage.
Mennad hates football.
Let's stop at the next rest stop.
Mennad should be taking steroids.
Can you do that with a real gun?
Can you do that with a knife?
It's a holiday.
Everybody had a nice dinner.
How do you expect to go to college with grades like these?
Why did your grades drop?
I'll be waiting for both of you.
A BBC presenter called Jeremy Hunt "Jeremy Cunt" live on air.
It is God who gives life.
Find the area of a trapezoid whose parallel sides are and centimeters.
Find the circumference of a circle whose area is square centimeters.
And when the Egyptians followed the steps of them who were gone before, they found them encamped at the sea side: all Pharaoh's horse and chariots and the whole army were in Phihahiroth, before Beelsephon.
Jesus did many miracles.
You don't need that now.
How's your husband doing?
How's your hubby doing?
And when Pharaoh drew near, the children of Israel lifting up their eyes, saw the Egyptians behind them: and they feared exceedingly, and cried to the Lord. And they said to Moses: Perhaps there were no graves in Egypt, therefore thou hast brought us to die in the wilderness: why wouldst thou do this, to lead us out of Egypt?
Say your words.
She didn't cry at all.
The church roof is leaking.
Don't give him money.
You can't do this here.
Let's be serious, gentlemen.
Do your speech.
My grandmother used to wear this type of dress.
I hope the kids are out.
Nobody is here to bother you.
Would you stop banging over there?
You write what I dictate.
You're gonna do the whole thing.
I need an introduction for my letter.
He wrote a letter to the president.
Why did you write that down?
You insulted me first.
He can retire.
One beer isn't going to kill you.
His assistant just called.
He wanted to live life to its fullest.
This car is like a flat on wheels.
This van is like an apartment on wheels.
He built his business from the ground up.
I love living life to its fullest.
He never got a chance to enjoy life.
Shut up and let me talk.
There is no other woman in my life but you.
He has been feeling that for a really long time.
They have just had sex.
I never faked loving you.
He jumped off a cliff.
He never bothered to mention it to me.
Put away your phone.
Are you an actor, too?
We're on our way to London.
Fly to London.
He has been married like twenty times.
He's going through divorce.
Let's go to London.
I'm moving to Kabylie.
She's such a little slut.
He's a plumber.
He can fix things.
He showed me all around Algiers.
I'm moving to Algiers.
Are these your prostitutes?
"Do you smoke weed?" "Are you a cop?" "No." "Then what's it to you?"
We were honeymooning in Kabylie.
Me and my wife were honeymooning in Kabylie.
How do you like my new Kabyle dress?
He bought her a Kabyle dress tonight.
These books are all I have left from my life with Taninna.
Your bicycle weighs a ton.
It took me so long to get here by bicycle.
This Kabyle dress is gorgeous.
She wants to wear the Kabyle dress tonight.
She wants to wear a Kabyle dress tonight.
He's afraid of dentists.
This is the best dentist in town.
She's a dental assistant.
She works for a dentist.
I need a new Kabyle dress.
What's wrong with her bicycle?
Give me my bicycle back.
He was born in Kabylie.
The US hates Iran.
Saudi Arabia hates Iran.
Saudi Arabia hates Iran, too.
Most experts think that the US can't win a war against Iran.
An American war on Iran could cost an extremely high price to the US.
If the US and its Gulf allies attack Iran, Tehran could obliterate the Gulf nations.
Iran has the power to obliterate all the Gulf states.
Saudi Arabia is losing the war in Yemen.
Saudi Arabia is absolutely no match to Iran.
Saudi Arabia and Iran are already fighting a proxy war in Yemen.
Iran is a regional power.
Iran is a very powerful nation in the Middle East.
Iran has a lot of influence in the Middle East.
Iran is extremely powerful in the region.
Iran is way more powerful than the Gulf states.
The Houthi rebels are trained by Iran.
The Houthi rebels are attacking Saudi Arabia and the UAE.
Iran has a really big and well trained army.
Iran is a big country.
Iran is neither Iraq nor Afghanistan. It's mountainous, it has a well trained army and a huge population. The US could pay a very high price if it ever invades this country.
The US has never attacked and annihilated a country as big as Iran. Americans can only obliterate tiny nations or weak and hungry nations like Iraq and Afghanistan.
They didn't trust me.
They didn't do anything wrong.
Why didn't they do their homework?
They wished they hadn't gone to Kabylie.
They will do that.
They'll do that.
They are going to take a nap.
They can do that.
I want a motorcycle.
Tom told me that Mary was his ex-wife.
I want to be strong.
I want to become stronger.
I want to be stronger.
I want the same things Tom does.
I want to buy a dog.
I'd like to buy a dog.
Tom used Mary's toothbrush by mistake.
I want you to do it.
I want to see how Tom does that.
I want you to drive.
Tom wanted to find out what Mary knew.
Tom wanted to find out where Mary lived.
Both of us were busy.
Tom and John punched each other.
I want my steak rare.
Tom was really good friends with Mary.
I want this done now.
I want children, but Tom doesn't.
I wanted children, but Tom didn't.
I want three of them.
Tom's faith in Mary has never wavered.
I want to contribute.
I want to donate some money.
I want the same things Tom wants.
I want to work again.
I want go back to work.
Tom's house isn't too far from Mary's.
Tom's house isn't too far from here.
More money is needed.
Tom was minding his own business.
Today isn't so muggy.
Today doesn't seem to be as muggy as yesterday.
I want to know who Mary's boyfriend is.
I want a bigger house.
We need a bigger house.
Tom was my boyfriend at the time.
I want a large family.
Tom and Mary are coming over for dinner.
Tom and Mary will be coming over for dinner.
I want my money today.
I want to be paid today.
Tom was the one who got arrested.
Tom was the one that got arrested.
I want them to suffer.
Tom and Mary are together all the time.
I want to be like you.
Tom was the one who got punished.
Tom was the one that got punished.
I want to protect you.
I'll try to protect you.
Tom and Mary love each other very much.
Some men were lynched.
Tom was trying hard not to laugh.
There's no paint left.
We don't have any more paint.
Tom and Mary own the business together.
Tom and Mary own a business together.
Those aren't my books.
These aren't my books.
Tom was trying to get some sleep.
Tom is trying to get some sleep.
What I can do to help?
Tom asked Mary to come and pick him up.
You can park anywhere.
You can park anywhere you want.
You can park anywhere you want to.
Tom was wearing a Hawaiian shirt.
Tom isn't wearing a Hawaiian shirt.
You may park anywhere.
You may park anywhere you want to.
You may park anywhere you want.
Tom didn't know it was Mary's birthday.
Tom didn't know that it was Mary's birthday.
Both of us were sleepy.
Tom wasn't home Monday afternoon.
Tom wasn't at home Monday afternoon.
Doing that wasn't easy.
I could hear footsteps.
I can hear footsteps.
Tom went down to the third floor.
Doing that won't be as hard as it looks.
Doing that won't be as easy as it looks.
Doing that won't be as difficult as it looks.
Is not this the word that we spoke to thee in Egypt, saying: Depart from us, that we may serve the Egyptians? for it was much better to serve them, than to die in the wilderness.
I couldn't afford that.
I wouldn't be able to afford that.
Tom doesn't care what Mary wants to do.
Tom doesn't really care what Mary wants to do.
I might never fix that.
We might never fix that.
I might never be able to fix that.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to fix that.
I don't think I'll ever be able to fix that.
We might never be able to fix that.
That's something that'll likely never be fixed.
That's something that's likely never to be fixed.
Tom works at a convenience store.
Tom works at the convenience store near where I live.
Tom works at the convenience store near my house.
I need a bigger office.
We need a bigger office.
I need help doing that.
We need to break Tom out of jail.
Tom didn't know yesterday was Mary's birthday.
Tom didn't know that yesterday was Mary's birthday.
Tom doesn't know that today's Mary's birthday.
Tom doesn't know today's Mary's birthday.
We don't have any paint left.
I've seen Tom play basketball.
I saw Tom playing basketball.
And Moses said to the people: Fear not: stand, and see the great wonders of the Lord, which he will do this day; for the Egyptians, whom you see now, you shall see no more for ever.
I saw Tom cross the street.
I saw Tom crossing the street.
He behaves well.
I'm glad we did not go there because there were heavy rains.
This is the first time he scores a goal.
Laurel leaf tea is said to fight insomnia.
The football match hasn't started yet.
The hotel is on the beach.
I am playing in an interregional championship. We have only lost one game so far.
We still haven't run out of water.
We still have some drinking water left.
We don't have much drinking water left.
Tom went to the airport to pick Mary up.
Luckily, he was arrested here: the penalties there are much more serious.
Tom took his dog out for a walk.
Let's eat spaghetti.
Let's not rush into things.
Let's kiss and make up.
Let's go by cab.
Let's split the cost.
Let's have pumpkin pie for dessert.
Let's play hooky today.
Let's skip classes today.
Let's skip school today.
I wonder what would happen if I pushed this button.
Let's vote on it.
Let's ditch school today.
Let's go grocery shopping.
Let's play a round of golf.
Let's adjourn until tomorrow.
Let's go play basketball.
Let's rest over there under that tree.
Let's split this fifty-fifty.
Let's go and say hi to Tom.
Let's go ask Tom what he thinks.
Let's go ask Tom to help us.
Let's sit in front.
Let's work together as a team.
We need to work together as a team.
Let's get out of here and go someplace quiet.
Let's get out of here and go somewhere quiet.
Let's not do anything hasty.
Let's not do anything rash.
Let's not do anything today.
Let's not do anything that we'll regret.
Let's not do anything we'll regret.
Let's not do anything at all.
Let's not do anything that we might regret.
Let's not do anything we might regret.
Let's not do anything that'll make Tom mad.
Let's not do anything crazy.
Let's not do anything that we'll regret later.
Let's not do anything we'll regret later.
Let's not do anything that might get us arrested.
Let's not do anything drastic.
Let's not do anything that might get us into trouble.
Let's not do anything to upset Tom.
Let's not do anything tonight.
Let's not do anything for my birthday this year.
Let's not do anything else today.
Let's not do anything that might cause a problem.
Let's not do anything different.
Let's not do anything to undermine Tom.
Let's not do anything that might start a war.
Let's not do anything yet.
Let's not do anything that might get us killed.
Let's not do anything until we've discussed all the options.
Let's not do anything that might damage our reputation.
Let's not do anything that might damage our reputations.
Let's not do anything foolish.
Let's not do anything without discussing it first.
Let's not do anything illegal.
Let's play basketball.
Let's shoot some hoops.
Let's ask Tom if he wants to go with us.
Let's go up to the house.
Let's go up to Tom's apartment.
Tom must've forgotten the key.
What in the world did Tom mean?
It's easier to just tell the truth.
I guess I can trust you.
I guess that I can trust you.
That's not so cool.
Let's listen to some Mozart.
Let's swim out to the raft.
Let's swim to the island.
Let's get our picture taken.
Let's pool all our money together.
Let's pool all our money together and buy Tom a car.
Let's pool all our money together and buy a car for Tom.
Let's put the basses on the left behind the cellos.
Let's put the basses on the left behind the sopranos.
Tom told me he could speak French.
Tom told me that he could speak French.
Tom has already told Mary what she needs to know.
I was very surprised Tom did that.
I was very surprised that Tom did that.
Why do people go to movies?
The national team played six matches at the Copa América.
Let's get together later for a beer.
He skips school and gets into fights.
I'm representing my country.
Let's play chess together sometime.
Let's go back to Australia together.
Let's plan to meet at 2:30.
Let's meet in front of the station at 2:30.
Let's see what'll happen.
Let's go out for a short walk.
Let's see if we can help Tom.
Let's try to help Tom.
Let's make it 2:30.
Let's go in here and have a cup of coffee.
Let's pitch our tent here.
"When should we do that?" "How about next Monday?"
Let's play tennis next Monday.
Let's all try to get along.
Let's get together on Monday and study.
Let's play something that everybody can dance to.
Let's play something everybody can dance to.
Let's hope that we don't have to do that anymore.
Let's hope we don't have to do that anymore.
Let's not stay at the same hotel we stayed at the last time.
Let's not stay at the same hotel that we stayed at last time.
Let's not stay at the same hotel that we stayed at the last time.
Let's start with some easy questions.
Let's start with the easy questions.
Let's try staying focused on the problem at hand.
They can keep the house.
Let's finish this today, so we can rest tomorrow.
The Lord will fight for you, and you shall hold your peace.
And the Lord said to Moses: Why criest thou to me? Speak to the children of Israel to go forward.
Your chips are getting cold.
But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch forth thy hand over the sea, and divide it: that the children of Israel may go through the midst of the sea on dry ground.
Yellow loosestrife is edible.
His home is in the suburbs.
Why are you Pastafarians?
This is my postcode.
He's so cheerful.
Can you remember your nursery teacher's name?
And I will harden the heart of the Egyptians to pursue you: and I will be glorified in Pharaoh, and in all his host, and in his chariots and in his horsemen.
What kind of licorice do you prefer?
And the Egyptians shall know that I am the Lord, when I shall be glorified in Pharaoh, and in his chariots, and in his horsemen.
"They did not move," she said to her husband.
Why are you a Pastafarian?
And the angel of God, who went before the camp of Israel, removing, went behind them: and together with him the pillar of the cloud, leaving the forepart, stood behind, between the Egyptians' camp and the camp of Israel: and it was a dark cloud, and enlightening the night, so that they could not come at one another all the night.
Nobody visited me today.
I have forgotten the names of Tom's sisters.
Tom doesn't know what tap water tastes like; he only ever drinks mineral water.
You never listen to me!
I'd be paid on Friday, and by Saturday I'd have spent it all.
Maria is left-wing.
The more one drinks, the thirstier one becomes.
When are you leaving for Kabylie?
The school bus broke down.
He likes fruit.
And when Moses had stretched forth his hand over the sea, the Lord took it away by a strong and burning wind blowing all the night, and turned it into dry ground: and the water was divided.
And the children of Israel went in through the midst of the sea dried up; for the water was as a wall on their right hand and on their left.
And the Egyptians pursuing went in after them, and all Pharaoh's horses, his chariots and horsemen, through the midst of the sea.
She wears Kabyle dresses all the time.
"What are you wearing?" "A Kabyle dress."
And now the morning watch was come, and behold the Lord looking upon the Egyptian army through the pillar of fire and of the cloud, slew their host.
I woke up at seven o'clock in the morning.
I awoke at seven o'clock in the morning.
I wrote a song in Berber.
Do you want to hear my Berber song?
I wrote a song in Berber. Do you want to hear it?
What would you change about yourself if you could?
That's an ambiguous word.
Do you see the sun?
That was a while ago.
I'm watering her garden.
I'm watering their garden.
And overthrew the wheels of the chariots, and they were carried into the deep. And the Egyptians said: Let us flee from Israel; for the Lord fighteth for them against us.
I've forgotten the names of Tom's sisters.
No one visited me today.
I need to sell my farm.
We need to sell our farm.
Tom found a note from Mary on his desk.
Tom found a letter from Mary on his desk.
I want a bigger office.
I have to show Tom how to do that.
I want help doing that.
Tom grabbed the cup out of Mary's hand.
I want to be impartial.
I tried to be impartial.
I want to show Tom how to do that.
I want to know who won.
Could you tell me who won?
Tom has agreed to drive Mary to Boston.
I want to sell my farm.
Tom always buys expensive clothes.
I want to visit Boston.
Tom has been accused of harassing Mary.
Rowing is a lot of fun.
Tom and his friends are playing hide-and-seek.
Tom hired Mary to take care of his dog.
Tom has asked Mary to take care of his dog.
Tom has asked Mary to take care of his dog while he's in Boston.
We've run out of paint.
We're all out of paint.
Tom asked question after question.
Tom asked many questions.
Tom asked us a lot of questions.
Camping is a lot of fun.
Tom is a much better student than Mary.
Fishing is a lot of fun.
Tom bought a very expensive horse.
I couldn't bathe myself.
I wasn't able to take a bath.
Tom is a much better swimmer than Mary.
Tom has always been a much better swimmer than Mary.
I heard yelling outside.
I heard someone yelling.
I heard somebody yelling.
Tom called every hospital in town.
Tom called every hospital in town, trying to find Mary.
I need a lot more money.
Tom is the only person Mary listens to.
I need my umbrella back.
I need the book I lent you last week back.
Tom doesn't know many people here.
I want my umbrella back.
Tom lived just down the road from Mary.
I want to be a pop star.
I want to become a pop star.
I want to be supportive.
I tried to be supportive.
We need to be supportive.
Tom stared at Mary from across the bar.
I want to go for a ride.
Tom has a three-year-old daughter.
I want to have some fun.
Tom told Mary about his trip to Boston.
Tom asked Mary to tell him about her trip to Boston.
I want to join the team.
Tom has been coughing all morning.
I want to know who lost.
Who lost?
Tom visited Mary at her home in Boston.
I want to play checkers.
Let's play checkers.
Tom has done some exciting things.
Tom has done some very exciting things.
I want you to come over.
Please come over.
Please come over for dinner.
Tom has done something that he shouldn't have.
Tom did something he shouldn't have done.
Tom was arguing with Mary on the phone.
Tom has been arguing with Mary on the phone for over an hour.
It isn't so muggy today.
Tom has never been a photographer.
It's not so muggy today.
Tom was expecting Mary to do something.
Tom is expecting Mary to do something.
Tom expected Mary to do something.
It's really humid today.
It's pretty humid today.
It's quite humid today.
Tom is a fun guy to hang out with.
Why is your dog barking?
What's your dog barking at?
Tom has been trying to get Mary's attention.
Tom was trying to get Mary's attention.
All the windows are open.
Tom is always asking me for money.
Baseball is a lot of fun.
Tom wasn't aware of what Mary had done.
I want a bigger discount.
Please give me a discount.
Tom is always here in the morning.
Tom is almost always here in the afternoon.
Tom is usually here in the evening.
Let's meet in the lobby of the Hilton Hotel at 2:30.
Let's have a party with the members of the tennis club.
Let's put up the tent while it's still light.
Let's eat out tonight. I'm too tired to cook.
Let's not make any hasty decisions.
Let's go to an all-you-can-eat restaurant.
Let's scrap everything and start again with a clean slate.
Let's have our picture taken in front of the statue.
Let's go for a walk this morning before it gets hot.
Let's face it, what you're trying to do is impossible.
Tom pulled out a box from under the bed.
Tom pulled a box out from under the bed.
I think we should go back to Boston.
I think that we should go back to Boston.
The gametes produced by the male are motile.
Sperm motility is one of the things tested in a semen analysis.
Griswold was a whoremonger, and his wife knew it.
"Euphenism" is an incorrect spelling of "euphemism".
Regicide is a foil to the divine right of kings.
The dog is covered in fleabites.
He committed filicide to end his daughter's suffering.
Avunculicide is more common in mythology than nepoticide.
Buggery and sodomy are synonyms for anal intercourse.
The horse was retired from racing and became a broodmare.
I want to go back to bed.
I want to go back to bed and try to get another couple of hours of sleep.
Tom watched the evening news with Mary.
Not many boys were there.
Not very many boys were there.
Not many girls were there.
Not very many women were there.
Tom is an outstanding saxophonist.
Tom is a very good saxophonist.
Sledding is a lot of fun.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't at school.
What's your monthly salary?
Who is your favorite soccer player?
Who's your favourite soccer player?
Who is your favourite soccer player?
Why don't you want to go with us?
What reason did Tom give you for not wanting to go with you?
I'll send Tom a letter tomorrow.
I'll send a letter to Tom tomorrow.
I'll email Tom right after lunch.
I want to buy a present for my girlfriend.
I want to buy a gift for my girlfriend.
Is it true that you learned French all by yourself?
Is it true you learned French all by yourself?
I want to talk to Tom in private.
The food is great.
I don't want to spend more than thirty dollars.
Who's your favorite football player?
Who's your favorite tennis player?
Who introduced you to Tom?
I'll go to the beach tomorrow.
I want to buy a notebook and some pencils.
How much is this car worth?
I want to know who started the fight.
I'm moving back in with my parents next month.
Tom's faith in Mary never wavered.
Have you already sharpened the knives?
You've improved quite a bit.
You paid more than you should've.
You've ruined my chances of becoming popular.
The students are in class for hours every week.
They're eating their sandwiches.
I told you that Tom wouldn't come.
Tom frowned, but he didn't say anything.
Make sure that Tom doesn't see you.
Tom and Mary are eating their sandwiches.
Tom is eating his sandwich.
Mennad got struck by lightning.
Mennad's mother is coming.
Mennad can't get out till tomorrow.
Mennad is coming to stay with me.
Mennad doesn't even have a fiancee.
Mennad broke up with Baya six months ago.
Mennad can snap like a twig.
Mennad cheated on me.
Mennad moved to a new apartment.
Mennad has been there for Baya she came here.
Mennad needs to hurry up.
Mennad told his wife he was going bowling.
Mennad went bowling.
Mennad made the right choice.
Mennad moved.
Mennad called 911.
Mennad and Baya are serious.
Mennad talked to his ex-fiancee.
Mennad was cheating on his fiancee.
Mennad and Baya came in.
Mennad has been deceiving us all this time.
Mennad has been fooling us all this time.
Mennad is an adult and he can do this.
Mennad smelt urine.
Mennad is excited to see Baya.
Baya met her future husband.
Mennad smelt feces.
When is Mennad coming back?
Mennad is thrilled.
Mennad is Baya's special friend.
When did you start drinking?
Mennad is tired from the flight.
Mennad wants to be clear-headed.
Mennad is Baya's lover.
Mennad has only got basic cable.
Mennad doesn't have premium channels.
Mennad doesn't need TV.
Mennad and Baya talked about their lives.
Your thumb is covering the number.
Mennad slept on the couch.
Mennad wrote an article about gazelles.
Mennad had a glass of wine.
Mennad is a heavy drinker.
Mennad needs to talk with Baya about their wedding.
Mennad hasn't been there for Baya.
Mennad got Baya's help.
Mennad and Baya were planning their wedding.
Good morning, baby.
What the hell are you doing in my bed?
How is Mennad?
"What are you both doing in my bed?" "It's not what you think."
Mennad and Baya swapped apartments.
Mennad still wants to please his mother.
Baya is still her mom's little girl.
Baya is Mennad's bitch.
Don't listen to Mennad.
Mennad didn't drink wine.
Mennad helped Baya plan her entire wedding.
Mennad talked about his sister Baya.
Mennad was a pathetic loser.
Mennad buried himself in work.
Where should I put these files?
I'm not sleeping here.
I am not sleeping here.
Mennad licked Baya's ear.
It tickled.
Mennad and Baya are young.
Baya braided Lidya's hair.
Baya and Lidya braided each other's hair.
Mennad keeps forgetting.
Baya gave Lidya her dress.
Baya has big boobs.
Baya has huge boobs.
Baya looks so beautiful.
"You're so beautiful." "Am I?" "Look for yourself."
Baya is tall and has huge boobs.
You didn't tell your mother, did you?
What the hell is Baya doing in a wedding dress?
Baya and Lidya are best girlfriends now.
Mennad and Baya are best friends.
Mennad and Baya had lunch.
Mennad and Baya laughed.
Mennad and Baya giggled.
Mennad and Baya went cycling.
Mennad is powerless and needs help.
Mennad needs to find the right time to tell Baya.
You've done a lot of us, Mennad.
For the love of God, find yourself a job.
Mennad and Baya are here.
Baya is Mennad's mother.
Mennad has such a hot mom.
Girls must like you.
Baya is a wonderful woman.
Mennad's mother is a wonderful woman.
Mennad is just having fun.
Mennad is glad you're here.
Mennad is the most important man in Baya's life.
Mennad is my future son-in-law.
Baya has decided on her maid of honor.
Mennad is a good man.
Mennad is a nice man.
Mennad can't do it.
Pretend I'm your mother. What would you tell me?
Mennad drove Baya away.
Mennad broke Baya's heart.
Mennad is screwed.
Mennad caught his fiancee cheating on him.
There will be no wedding.
There's no wedding.
Go talk to your mother.
The worst part has just begun.
"The worst part is over." "No. The worst part has just begun."
Mennad and Baya went to a wedding shop.
Baya picked a wedding dress.
Mennad has been lying to Baya for six months.
Mennad tells Baya everything.
It's always about that.
Mennad is getting married.
Mennad is so proud of Baya.
Mennad doesn't want Baya to be alone.
Mennad isn't alone.
Mennad is not alone.
Mennad makes me sick.
Mennad broke my heart.
Mennad never gave Baya a chance to do this.
Mennad ignored Baya.
Mennad is ignoring me.
We're from Cairo.
We are from Cairo.
Mennad lives in the Cairo area.
Mennad left a message.
Mennad will have Baya call you.
Mennad is a journalist.
Mennad is a reporter.
Mennad is a butler.
Mennad is a waiter.
Mennad and Baya had a fun time.
Mennad and Baya are from Cairo.
Mennad helps handicaped children.
Mennad lost six times.
Mennad is a happy guy.
In recognition of your dedication and hard work, on behalf of our president, we're naming you, Mennad Bakir, the best citizen of our town.
Mennad is finished.
Mennad got an award.
Mennad kept his speech short.
Mennad is writing a book.
Mennad doesn't like talking in front of people.
Mennad froze up.
Mennad knows a little something about that fear.
Mennad gave a speech about that.
Mennad got married yesterday.
Mennad had to get married.
Mennad and Baya pretended they were husband and wife.
Mennad shouldn't worry about it.
Baya is Mennad's wife.
Mennad and Baya started looking for an apartment.
Mennad and Baya were drinking.
Mennad's wife is skinny.
Baya is skinny and gorgeous.
Mennad is fooling aroud with Baya.
Mennad married Baya.
Mennad was assigned a new job.
Baya is an exotic dancer.
Mennad is a nice person.
Mennad puts himself down all the time.
Mennad has got to work tonight.
Mennad is a monster.
Mennad's sister might have gotten hurt.
Mennad read Baya's speech.
Mennad is going to be upstairs.
Mennad is gonna to be upstairs.
Mennad is covered with mud.
Mennad's house has got a fireplace.
Mennad has a brother-in-law.
Mennad is just kidding.
It is really hot.
Mennad changed the bulb.
Mennad found a landmine on his farm.
Mennad isn't very happy.
Mennad is not very happy.
How could you do this to Baya?
Mennad is the man of the year.
Baya baked a cake.
Mennad is busy.
Mennad got rid of Baya.
Mennad didn't realize how serious that problem was.
Mennad isn't giving a speech.
Mennad and Baya couldn't do that.
I've got nothing to prove to you.
I have got nothing to prove to you.
Mennad is happy guy.
Mennad was smiling.
Mennad is losing his audience.
Mennad is the one who needs help.
Mennad is sitting and listening attentively.
Go back and finish your speech.
It's only Mennad.
Mennad and Baya are going to have a baby.
Mennad talks to his stuffed animals.
Mennad talks to his toys.
Mennad talks to his teddy bear.
Mennad couldn't pick up the phone.
Mennad and Baya shouldn't fight.
Are you going to the wedding?
Didn't Mennad tell you?
Baya bought a new dress.
Mennad was just kidding.
Mennad pays the bills.
Mennad and Baya aren't married.
You'll probably be hearing from my attorney.
Mennad and Baya are not married.
Mennad didn't like Baya.
Mennad is nice and funny.
Mennad and Baya had some good times together.
The room is almost empty.
Mennad has already given his speech.
Mennad kept his sense of humor.
Mennad and Baya need to relax.
Mennad wanted a coke.
Mennad got Baya a coke.
Mennad got Baya a cola.
Mennad wanted to drink a cola.
Mennad has heard a lot about you.
I have heard a lot about you from Mennad.
Could you take your seats, please?
Sorry we're late.
Sorry were are late.
We are not married.
Mennad and Baya are in the same class.
Mennad and Baya were in the same class.
Mennad and Baya were on the same bus.
Mennad and Baya were in the same room.
Mennad and Baya were in the same store.
Mennad wants to tell us something about Baya.
I'm sorry, but I have to interrupt you.
Mennad's condition is listed as grave.
We have a direct line to the president.
We have a direct line to the president's office.
Thank you for this lovely introduction.
Mennad had to be there.
Mennad and Baya don't know him.
Mennad doesn't have to say that.
Mennad is my date.
Baya is having Mennad's baby.
Mennad was ignored.
Mennad shouldn't have come in the first place.
Mennad is available.
Mennad is trying to give a speech.
Quiet! Mennad is trying to give a speech.
Baya dresses like a stripper.
Mennad has never seen Baya before.
Mennad has never seen Baya's brother.
Mennad is our housekeeper.
Mennad was my friend.
Mennad was a friend.
Mennad will tell them.
Mennad is going to be OK.
Mennad thanked everybody.
Mennad has learned a little about women.
Mennad remembers that time.
Mennad and Baya were born in 2006.
You have to wait until it gets cold, otherwise you will get burnt.
The boys were very noisy.
Tom is anxious to go to Australia.
All these boxes are empty.
All of these boxes are empty.
Tom's locker isn't too far from Mary's.
Are oysters in season now?
Tom is ashamed of his old clothes.
I can't help you tomorrow.
I can't help you tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.
Tom accidentally stepped on Mary's foot.
I could hardly believe it.
Tom didn't learn French when he was in high school.
Tom is doing a project for school.
Tom speaks French almost like a native speaker.
I heard screaming outside.
Tom is in the classroom, taking a French test.
Tom and Mary get on each other's nerves.
Tom said what needed to be said in French.
I need to help my parents.
Tom has French class three times a week.
Tom is going to pay for all of us.
Tom didn't know French at all last year.
I want a full explanation.
Tom never spoke to anyone in French.
Tom and Mary lived in Boston for a time.
Tom is a pretty bad French speaker.
I want to meet new people.
Tom never speaks French to anyone.
Tom never speaks French to anybody.
Tom is in the living room, asleep.
Tom sang a song for us in French.
I want to sit in the back.
Tom speaks French quite fluently.
Tom and Mary loved each other very much.
Tom has stopped speaking French.
I want to visit Australia.
Tom writes his diary in French.
Tom is on the phone with a friend.
Tom has become fluent in French.
Tom has become quite fluent in French.
Tom has become very fluent in French.
Let's meet in the library.
I heard Tom singing in French.
Tom and Mary seemed very happy together.
Tom speaks French quite well.
Not many men were there.
Tom is interested in French.
Tom is usually very understanding.
Tom enjoyed studying French.
People were staring at us.
Tom helped me learn French.
Tom arrived at Mary's apartment at 2:30.
Tom texted Mary in French.
Tom wrote Mary a message in French.
All the windows are closed.
Tom speaks French as well.
Tom is in my French class.
Tom is the best student in French class.
Can I come over after work?
Tom went to French class.
Tom called Mary to come and pick him up.
Tom greeted me in French.
Tom said goodbye to me in French.
I need to buy a few things.
Tom can't sing in French.
Tom made that decision on his own.
Tom was teaching French in Australia last year.
I want to be there tonight.
Tom was studying French in the library the last time that I saw him.
Tom was studying French in the library the last time I saw him.
Tom didn't know why Mary went to Boston.
Tom texted me in French.
Tom wrote to me in French.
I want to buy a few things.
Tom said that in French.
Tom moved to Boston in the spring.
Tom is a French speaker.
I want to get rich quickly.
Tom taught Mary French.
Tom has been teaching Mary French for several years.
Tom didn't tell Mary what was happening.
Tom replied in French.
I want to go back to sleep.
Tom refused to tell me what to do.
Tom cursed in French.
I want to go to your party.
Tom loves French.
Tom doesn't yet know that Mary has died.
Tom hates French.
Tom doesn't yet know Mary has died.
Otto lives in Berlin.
Giovanni and Sara got married years ago in Germany.
I want you to come to my party.
Who is in our room?
Tom walked across the crosswalk.
Tom crossed the crosswalk.
Tom walked across the pedestrian crossing.
He passed through me, as if he did not recognize me.
Whenever the United States do not succeed in invading, annihilating, dividing or controlling a country, they feel humiliated.
Tom moved to a different neighborhood.
Tom knows everyone on his street.
Tom knows all his neighbors.
The blurry effect cleared up.
Tom knows all of his neighbors.
Tom doesn't know any of his neighbors.
Tom only knows the name of his five closest neighbors.
I wasn't trying to suggest anything.
Do not call me at work.
Do not call me at work. Ever!
There was no point in arguing with him.
There was no point in arguing with her.
There was no point in arguing with Tom.
There was no point in arguing with Tom at this point.
There was no point in arguing with her at this point.
There was no point in arguing with him at this point.
We came back safe and sound.
Tom came back safe and sound.
Mary came back safe and sound.
And the Lord said to Moses: Stretch forth thy hand over the sea, that the waters may come again upon the Egyptians, upon their chariots and horsemen.
And when Moses had stretched forth his hand towards the sea, it returned at the first break of day to the former place: and as the Egyptians were fleeing away, the waters came upon them, and the Lord shut them up in the middle of the waves.
This table is wobbling.
And the waters returned, and covered the chariots and the horsemen of all the army of Pharaoh, who had come into the sea after them, neither did there so much as one of them remain.
Speak of the Devil and he shall appear.
A brood mare is a female horse used for breeding.
The substratum is unstable and requires special building practices.
The solute is a calcium salt.
The populace, once uprisen, will not be put down.
Donald Trump was on his way to becoming a tin-pot dictator, propped up by corrupt sycophants such as Attorney General William Barr.
Your first draft should just be a brain dump.
Empress Dowager Cixi held control in China for forty-seven years.
"Blow the lid of" is a misspelling of "blow the lid off".
She lives in a brownstone in a gentrified neighborhood of New York.
Perhaps we were a little overzealous in the party planning.
Tom likes corn chips.
Mary likes corn chips.
Tom likes corn chips, but hates corn flakes.
Tatoeba now resembles a glow-worm: it switches on, off, on, off….
But the children of Israel marched through the midst of the sea upon dry land, and the waters were to them as a wall on the right hand and on the left.
The maple leaves’ gamut of lovely colours was a clear sign that autumn had come.
And the Lord delivered Israel in that day out of the hands of the Egyptians.
And they saw the Egyptians dead upon the sea shore, and the mighty hand that the Lord had used against them: and the people feared the Lord, and they believed the Lord, and Moses his servant.
Sami pooped.
The evening was still and overcast.
All rise.
They can only do what they are capable of.
We are going to miss the bus.
You are very sweet.
Everybody flies today. It's the same thing as taking a bus.
Flying is safer than taking a bus.
We both took a bus.
A train or a bus would take too long. We need to take a plane.
The bus is moving.
He took a trip to Kabylie.
I smell couscous.
We're going to have couscous for dinner.
I'm gonna go to the toilet.
You will see each other again.
Quiet. Let him finish.
She's in the swimming pool.
They're in the swimming pool.
They went to the swimming pool.
I want to help you do that.
Tom sat in his car, drinking wine.
Tom and Mary sat in their car, talking.
I want to know if it hurts.
Tom dropped Mary off at the bus station.
Tom dropped Mary off in front of the mall.
I want to sit in the front.
I want to sit with Tom.
I want to sit with you.
I want to sit by myself.
Who do you want to sit with?
Tom seemed to be upset about that.
Tom seemed to be very upset about that.
I want you to check it out.
Tom got a call this afternoon from Mary.
Tom got a call from Mary this afternoon.
Don't call me at work.
Don't ever call me at work.
I can't sing in French.
We'll see each other again tomorrow.
We're going to miss the bus if we don't hurry.
Tom got back safe and sound.
Tom only knows the names of three of his neighbors.
Tom knows the names of most of his neighbors.
Tom doesn't know very many of his neighbors.
Tom knows everyone on the island.
Everybody on the island knows Tom.
Everyone on the island knows Tom.
Tom knows everybody on the island.
Tom has moved to a different neighborhood.
Tom said hi to me in French.
Tom's French teacher called his mother to let her know that Tom had skipped his French class several times.
All the windows were closed.
Tom got to Mary's apartment at 2:30.
Why are people staring at us?
Why are those people staring at us?
Tom is usually very busy.
Tom is usually very careful.
Tom is usually punctual.
Tom is usually on time.
Tom is hardly ever late.
Tom has gotten very fluent in French.
My parents don't speak French with me anymore.
My parents now refuse to speak French with me.
My parents always speak to me in French.
I speak French with my grandparents and speak English with my parents.
I usually speak French with my parents, but my brothers and I always speak to each other in English.
I didn't want to wake you up.
I was hoping that you were awake.
I was hoping that you'd be awake.
I was hoping you'd be awake.
I was hoping you were awake.
Be quiet or you'll wake the baby up.
Be quiet or you'll wake up the baby.
Tom started studying French when he was a child, so his pronunciation is very good.
Tom started studying French when he was a kid, so his pronunciation is very good.
Tom was lucky to have a teacher who was a native French speaker.
Tom speaks French with his mother and English with his father.
Tom speaks French with his mother and English with his father. If all three of them are speaking together, they speak French.
Tom's closet is full of junk.
Tom's closet is full of junk that he doesn't need.
Tom's closet is full of junk he doesn't need.
Tom's closet is full of stuff that he doesn't need.
Tom's closet is full of stuff he doesn't need.
Tom thinks his French is better than it really is.
Tom's French pronunciation isn't as good as he thinks it is.
Tom's French isn't as good as he thinks it is.
Tom is pretty good at French, but he still makes a lot of mistakes.
Tom's French pronunciation is much better than Mary's.
Tom understands French much better than Mary.
Tom understands French much better than Mary does.
Tom did something he shouldn't've done.
Tom lived just down the street from Mary.
Tom doesn't have any trouble making himself understood in French.
I still make a lot of mistakes in French, but people seem to be able to understand what I'm trying to say.
Many small streams make a great river.
I can't remember the names of Tom's sisters.
If we finish this today, we can take tomorrow off.
Tom winced in pain.
I really admire Tom's ability to stay calm under pressure.
I really admire Tom's ability to get people to do things.
I really admire Tom's ability to get people to work together.
I really admire the way Tom deals with difficult customers.
I really admire Tom's ability to focus on his work, no matter what's going on around him.
I slept in this morning.
Tom seems to be very upset about something.
It's time for us to go back home.
I can't follow what you're saying.
I didn't follow that.
Please explain it to me again.
What exactly am I supposed to do?
I don't follow what you're saying.
I'm sorry, I don't follow you.
I'm sorry, you've lost me.
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you're trying to say.
You've done a a very good job.
You're on the right track now.
That's not half bad.
Nothing can stop me now.
That was a great idea.
You've never been here before, have you?
That's not a very good idea.
That's a terrible idea.
Roses are pretty flowers.
I've already told you that a million times.
I told you all this before.
You've got your hat on backwards.
You've got your shoes on the wrong feet.
I think that you're wearing my shoes.
I think you're wearing my shoes.
You've got to get over there right now.
You've got to get home as soon as you can.
Get here as soon as you can.
Have you run into some kind of trouble?
You've got to get back to work.
You've improved your French.
I've never seen a real diamond.
You've already read this book, haven't you?
French is my native tongue.
There's a lot of stuff in my office that I never use.
There's a lot of stuff in my office I never use.
Some people think that I'm very fussy.
Some people say that I'm unpredictable.
Some people think that I'm eccentric.
Some people think that I'm eloquent.
Some people say I'm weird.
Some of us are being cheated.
Some people are allergic to nuts.
Three of the balls are yellow.
Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Some boys are swimming in the pool.
No one is swimming in the pool.
Nobody is swimming in the pool.
Do you want mustard on your hot dog?
Please don't put ketchup on my hot dog.
Tom likes to put sauerkraut on hot dogs.
Tom ordered a hot dog with everything on it.
Tom ordered three hot dogs for himself and one for Mary.
I'll have a hot dog with everything on it.
Some of the men didn't know how to fight.
Some people are afraid of mice.
Our neighbors are very noisy.
Some people love to argue.
Some people love arguing.
Some of these apples are rotten.
Some day we'll take a trip to Australia.
Some day you'll regret this.
Some of the audience were Canadians.
Some apples fell off the tree.
There are some stores that will discount the price.
There are some stores that'll give you a discount.
Some stores will give you a discount if you ask for it.
Some people think that Canadians are different from everybody else.
Some people think Canadians are different from everybody else.
How are Canadians different from everybody else?
How are Canadians different from everyone else?
Some of the nicest people I know are Canadians.
Tom's strongest language is French.
My strongest language is French.
My stronger language is French.
My strongest language is definitely French.
French is my stronger language.
French is my strongest language.
French is definitely my strongest language.
All four of my grandparents were native French speakers.
I want you to study harder.
Tom spent several weeks in Boston.
Tom has no idea what's happened to Mary.
I'd rather visit Boston.
I'd rather not visit Boston.
Tom spent too much money for that.
Mennad has been the principal here for six years.
Mennad made this coffee.
Mennad likes Baya's coffee.
Mennad is late by six minutes.
Mennad was talking about the football team.
Mennad has an announcement to make.
Mennad didn't make a lesson plan.
Mennad asked for donation.
Mennad was collecting donations.
Mennad got donations.
I can distract Mr. Bakir for an hour or two.
Mennad finished doing his homework.
Mennad has to deal with it.
I'll show you how to overcome this problem.
Mennad likes that.
Mennad has been working on this.
Mennad really misses Baya's cooking.
Mennad never smokes in his office.
Mennad said Baya's cake was delicious.
Mennad will be back in Cairo before the party.
Mennad has had enough.
Mennad is leaving his wife.
Mennad is starting a new life here in Cairo.
Baya is leaving her husband.
Baya is leaving Dad again.
Mennad has to call his sister.
Mennad will be OK.
Mennad is talking about his parents' marriage.
Mennad and Baya got back together after a week.
Mennad wants his house back.
Mennad can't live this life any longer.
Mennad loves you all.
Mennad wanted to get his father and mother back together.
Mennad told Baya that Ziri was in a coma.
Mennad is in a coma.
Mennad's plan will probably work.
Mennad is collecting stamps.
Baya is a superficial slut.
Mennad makes us sick.
Baya is a cheerleader.
Mennad is good at extorting money.
Mennad is really good at extorting money.
Mennad is a thug.
Mennad needs to focus.
Mennad humiliated Baya last year.
Mennad humiliated Baya.
Mennad threw fries at Baya.
Mennad remembers me.
I don't care if you can't cook or clean the house. I love you for you.
I'm your husband and you belong to me.
I am your husband and you belong to me.
I'm your boyfriend and you belong to me.
I'm your wife and you belong to me.
I am your wife and you belong to me.
I'm your husband and you belong to me. You're my property.
Mennad got off the bus.
By the time Mennad got off the bus, Baya was already gone.
Mennad saw Baya at the bus stop, but by the time he got off the bus, she was already gone.
All Mennad wanted was a little cake.
Mennad has completely humiliated himself.
Mennad is the head of the gift committee.
Mennad was given a gift for his ten years of service.
Mennad gave Baya a beautiful necklace.
Mennad is so sweet.
Mennad and Baya danced.
Mennad and Baya kissed.
Mennad and Baya slept together.
Mennad and Baya swam together.
Mennad and Baya made out.
Mennad and Baya had sex.
Mennad and Baya made love.
Mennad and Baya had a fight.
Mennad and Baya argued.
Mennad and Baya had a physical altercation.
Mennad and Baya fought.
Mennad and Baya slept.
Mennad and Baya drank tea.
Mennad and Baya drank coffee.
Mennad and Baya drank coke.
Mennad and Baya drank juice.
Mennad and Baya sang.
Mennad and Baya sang together.
Mennad and Baya danced together.
Mennad and Baya played the piano together.
Mennad and Baya played tennis.
Mennad and Baya had sex in the car.
Mennad and Baya went to the beach.
Mennad and Baya went to the amusement park.
Mennad and Baya love each other.
Mennad and Baya dated.
Mennad and Baya got married.
Mennad and Baya went to a wedding.
Mennad and Baya traveled together.
Mennad and Baya worked hard.
Mennad and Baya cook together.
Mennad and Baya did a nice job.
Mennad and Baya live together.
Mennad and Baya played soccer.
Mennad and Baya played hide-and-seek.
Mennad and Baya are the same age.
Mennad and Baya travel together.
Mennad and Baya jogged together.
Mennad and Baya did that last year.
Mennad got Baya pregnant.
Mennad and Baya came.
Mennad took Baya's seat.
Mennad took Baya's phone.
Mennad took Baya's cap.
Mennad took Baya's bike.
Mennad took Baya's bicycle.
Mennad took Baya's purse.
Mennad took Baya's cell phone.
Mennad took Baya's book.
Mennad took Baya's sunglasses.
Mennad took Baya's laptop.
Mennad took Baya's tennis shoes.
Mennad took Baya's jewelry.
Mennad took Baya's cake.
Mennad and Baya did it again.
Mennad and Baya changed.
Mennad and Baya changed their shirts.
Mennad and Baya like surprises.
Mennad and Baya love children.
Mennad wanted to surprise Baya.
Mennad and Baya wanted to surprise you.
Mennad and Baya were crying.
Mennad knows he will never see Baya again.
Mennad was very cold.
Mennad and Baya went to Ziri's birthday.
Mennad and Baya were in a hurry.
Mennad and Baya called me.
Mennad and Baya had lunch together.
Mennad used to be married to Baya.
Mennad can't wait to see Baya.
Mennad is in town again.
Mennad got custody of his kid.
Mennad called me.
Mennad wanted Baya to invite him over.
Mennad and Baya went to the pool.
Mennad and Baya went to the casino.
Mennad and Baya went to the bar.
Mennad and Baya went to the club.
Mennad and Baya went to the movies.
Mennad and Baya went to Cairo.
Mennad and Baya moved to Cairo.
Mennad is a changed man.
Mennad can't change his spots.
Mennad missed Baya.
Mennad missed Baya's smile.
Mennad is still number one on Baya's chart.
Mennad missed Baya's cooking.
Mennad and Baya went to Egypt.
Mennad and Baya went to the mosque.
Mennad and Baya went to the airport.
Mennad and Baya went to the nightclub.
Mennad and Baya went to the stadium.
Mennad and Baya went to the hotel.
Mennad and Baya went to the pub.
Mennad and Baya went to the gas station.
Mennad and Baya went to a motel.
Mennad met Baya in a brothel.
Mennad met Baya in a strip joint.
Mennad met Baya in a strip club.
Mennad met Baya in a hospital.
Mennad met Baya on the beach.
Mennad lives in a small apartment not far from here.
Mennad lives in a condo not far from here.
Mennad lives in a house not far from here.
Mennad lives in a dorm not far from here.
Mennad lives in a building not far from here.
Mennad lives in an apartment complex not far from here.
Mennad lives in a cabin not far from here.
Mennad lives on a farm not far from here.
Mennad lives in a cottage not far from here.
Mennad lives in a village not far from here.
Mennad lives in a town not far from here.
Mennad lives in a neighborhood not far from here.
Mennad lives in a small town not far from here.
Just open the book.
Just open the window.
Just roll the window down.
Just roll the window up.
Just start the car.
Just turn the TV on.
Mennad told me what he heard.
Mennad told me what he did.
Mennad told me what he saw.
Mennad told me what he bought.
Mennad is going to have a little girl.
Mennad and Baya are going to have a little girl.
Mennad and Baya are going out to dinner tonight.
Mennad and Baya are going out to the movies tonight.
Mennad speaks Arabic like a native.
Mennad is going to make some coffee.
Mennad is going to make some tea.
Mennad was studying an Arabic lesson.
Mennad loves me.
Mennad likes me.
Mennad wants to marry me.
Baya is a good-looking chick.
Mennad ordered a birthday cake.
Mennad ordered a wedding cake.
Mennad ordered a pizza.
Mennad ordered a sandwich.
Mennad ordered a hotdog.
Mennad ordered a hamburger.
Mennad ordered a drink.
Mennad ordered a steak.
Mennad ordered wine.
Mennad ordered champagne.
What's Mennad up to?
Mennad doesn't even drive.
Mennad doesn't even speak.
Mennad doesn't even smoke.
Mennad's favorite restaurant is closing.
Mennad has so many memories in Cairo.
Mennad is not going.
Mennad isn't going.
Mennad isn't going to go either.
"Mennad isn't going to the party." "Baya isn't going to go either."
"Mennad isn't coming." "Baya isn't coming either."
"Mennad doesn't smoke." "Baya doesn't smoke either."
Mennad and Baya were discussing legal documents.
Mennad always pays Baya compliments.
Mennad runs a law firm.
Mennad is serving drinks.
Mennad lives in a cozy apartment.
Mennad and Baya sat at a bigger table.
Mennad must be new.
This waitress must be new.
Baya is Mennad's ex-wife.
Baya is Mennad's ex.
"Why are you dating a slut like Baya?" "There's a time in life where you just need to let it go."
Mennad likes caviar.
Mennad likes pizza.
Mennad likes cognac.
Mennad likes whiskey.
Mennad likes rum.
Mennad likes wine.
Mennad likes champagne.
Mennad likes beer.
Mennad ordered a beer.
Mennad likes scotch.
Mennad likes vodka.
Mennad likes tequila.
Mennad likes sake.
The building is closed.
The garage is closed.
The nightclub is closed.
The mall is closed.
The clinic is closed.
The gas station is closed.
The supermarket is closed.
The minimart is closed.
What I do with my money is my business.
The swimming pool is closed.
The hotel is closed.
The market is closed.
The mosque is closed.
The church is closed.
The office is closed.
The parking lot is closed.
The shop is closed.
Was that Mennad?
Was that Baya?
Was that your girlfriend?
Was that your boyfriend?
Was that your boss?
Was that your manager?
Mennad found out Baya was getting married tomorrow.
Mennad found out Baya was dating Ziri.
Mennad ordered another tin of caviar.
Mennad ordered another bottle of wine.
Mennad ordered another bottle of champagne.
Mennad ordered another bottle of whiskey.
Mennad ordered another bottle of cognac.
Mennad ordered another bottle of rum.
Mennad saw Baya's show.
Mennad changed Baya's life.
Mennad became a little more famous.
Mennad's TV show made him a little more famous.
Mennad's TV show made him famous.
Mennad is trying to figure out what to wear.
Mennad works with this guy.
Mennad works with Baya.
Mennad's mood changed.
Mennad can do this.
Mennad can't stay.
Mennad has a new bicycle.
Mennad has a new bike.
Mennad is a mental therapist.
Mennad stopped paying alimony.
Mennad and Baya are happy now.
Mennad went to Egypt and married a local woman.
Mennad purchased a beach hotel in Panama.
Mennad has a mistress.
Mennad turned off the light.
Mennad will miss you.
Mennad's little daughter was sitting on his chest.
Mennad's wife just went into labor.
Baya just went into labor. It's her first.
Mennad is cheating on you.
Mennad saw Ziri at the bar this afternoon kissing another woman.
Mennad will always care about Baya.
Mennad had a mild heart attack.
What should be order?
This is the kind of book Mennad likes to read.
Mennad bought a second-hand TV.
This is my TV set.
This TV set is mine.
Give him is TV.
Mennad would never call the police.
Mennad is coming back here with the police.
Mennad says this is his stolen bicycle and I believe him.
Baya says this is her stolen purse and I believe her.
Mennad bought a TV set.
Mennad bought a color TV set.
Mennad doesn't have a TV.
Mennad came over to watch the game.
You shouldn't have sold that TV set.
It was my TV set.
Mennad was arrested for domestic violence.
Mennad never went to Baya's house uninvited.
Mennad lived in Cairo with his children.
Mennad and the defendant were together for six years.
Mennad is asking relatively simple questions.
Mennad was living together with Baya and their six children.
Mennad decided to get married.
Mennad and Baya divorced.
Mennad stole property from Baya's house.
Mennad got out of jail.
Mennad took everything out of the house.
Mennad couldn't go.
Mennad took everything from Baya's house.
"Your last name is...?" "Bakir."
"What's your name?" "Mennad." "And your last name is...?" "Bakir."
Mennad has a couch.
Mennad went into the house.
Mennad went there with six other friends.
Mennad agreed.
Mennad and his mother were in trouble.
Mennad and Baya were in trouble.
Mennad said this to the judge.
Mennad is not buying into it.
The pool table is Mennad's.
This is our master bedroom.
This has been my business for sixteen years.
Mennad began hitting the wall.
Mennad is a liar.
"What did you say?" "Liar!" "Out of my house!"
Mennad said Baya scratched his car.
Mennad wants to show Baya something.
Mennad never went to the house.
Mennad had six restraining orders against him.
"Are you dating Baya?" "I would never do that." "I don't believe you."
Mennad signed over everything.
Mennad remodeled the whole house.
Mennad remodeled the whole complete house.
Mennad understands all these things.
Mennad and Baya are a couple.
Mennad and Baya are a married couple.
Mennad vandalized Baya's car.
Mennad has always been a threat to Baya and her kids.
Mennad invited Baya over.
Mennad wants everything.
Mennad wants everything. He is greedy.
Mennad wants everything. He's greedy.
Mennad gave Baya every chance.
Mennad is suing Baya for selling his bike while he was in jail.
Mennad was incarcerated.
Mennad sold Baya's bicycle without his permission.
Mennad came for a visit.
Mennad came to visit me.
Mennad took car of Baya's affairs while she was incarcerated.
Mennad agreed to this.
Mennad started packing his things.
Mennad paid rent on the apartment.
Mennad wasn't paying the rent.
Mennad packed up his stuff.
Mennad found his bicycle in a dumpster.
Mennad paid Baya back.
Mennad was going to be paroled.
Mennad had bills that were due.
Mennad has six hundred dollars.
Mennad bought Baya a Ford.
Mennad's Ford was stolen.
Where's the Ford?
Mennad sold the Ford.
Mennad stole a Ford.
Mennad's Ford is in the parking lot.
These receipts are fake.
These bills are fake.
These documents are fake.
Mennad uses drugs.
Stop double-talking me.
Be very brief, please.
Then Moses and the children of Israel sung this canticle to the Lord, and said: Let us sing to the Lord: for he is gloriously magnified, the horse and the rider he hath thrown into the sea.
Did you have dinner?
Why did you hide all of this from him?
Leave them for us.
She answered you.
They will meet Lwiza tomorrow.
The leaves fall slowly.
He sells alcohol.
A thousand meters is one kilometer.
Half a chicken with fries, please.
We sat in front of the fireplace.
Why don't you want to go with them?
Tatoeba is a wonderful website!
Myke and Larissa will get married tomorrow.
He undressed and went down nude towards the beach.
She took off her training bra.
His widow is rolled down.
Give me a piece of cake, please.
I've just finished binge-watching Gomorrah.
My son is playing with his drone in the yard.
Seriously, you have to get started.
I can almost do that.
Tom did a lot of work today.
It's French.
Tom and Mary are fluent in French.
You're improving.
Tom had a pen behind his ear.
Speak French.
Tom gets terrible grades in French.
I called in sick today.
Tom walked around the supermarket.
French is useful.
Tom couldn't speak French back then.
Keep working on it.
Tom was asleep in his own bedroom.
I think in French.
Tom didn't know French at that time.
You have to pull yourself together and start studying.
I won't be able to help.
Tom was charged with manslaughter.
Can you write French?
Tom and Mary only speak French to me.
You never listen to me.
Tom was eating over there earlier.
Help me learn French.
Tom and Mary had French class together.
I did a lot of work today.
Tom was involved in that incident.
You've got to settle down to your studies.
I've told you all this before.
How many languages other than French can you speak?
French was the first foreign language I learned.
The first foreign language I studied was French.
The first foreign language that I studied was French.
The only foreign language they taught at my school was French.
The only foreign language that they taught at my school was French.
French was the only foreign language they taught at my school.
French was the only foreign language that they taught at my school.
I didn't want any of my friends to know that I was in prison.
I didn't want any of my friends to know I was in prison.
Tom has been hanging out with Mary.
Why did you choose to live in Australia?
Tom didn't lock the back door.
I encountered Tom when he came downstairs.
I went out to have a beer with my friends.
I went to drink a beer with my friends.
Tom has his own restaurant in Boston.
He was on sick leave.
She has an enormous nose.
Tom was scolded for being late.
Tom was fired in late October.
Tom was laid off in late October.
Tom will be retiring at the end of October.
Tom will be moving out of his apartment at the end of October.
Mennad never changed.
Mennad never called Baya.
Mennad never dated Baya.
Mennad never brushes his teeth.
Mennad never mops the floor.
Mennad never does the dishes.
Mennad never bathes.
Mennad never drinks.
Tom was very lucky because his toast fell right side up.
Mennad never pays the bills.
Mennad never swims in the pool.
Mennad never goes to bars.
Mennad never calls.
Mennad never goes to parties.
Mennad was home.
Mennad and Baya were here.
Mennad and Baya are home.
Mennad's home has been robbed.
Mennad is dizzy.
Mennad was mugged.
Mennad wants a shot.
"Do you want a shot or something?" "That would be nice."
Mennad drank.
Mennad told me what happened.
Mennad and Baya were wrong.
Mennad came out.
Tom doesn't really have any other choice.
Mennad and Baya were robbed.
Mennad stole Baya's collection.
Mennad took Baya's collection.
Mennad and Baya called the cops.
Mennad could have done that.
Mennad struck Baya in the back of the head.
Mennad saw Baya coming towards him.
Mennad joined Baya.
Mennad could have been killed.
Mennad was attacked by six white men.
Tom pretended that he didn't know Many.
Mennad was looking for the frying pan.
Tom pretended he didn't know Many.
What do you want to call the cops for?
Mennad was assaulted with a deadly weapon.
Mennad feels alright now.
Mennad is located in 6116, North Avenue.
Mennad attacked a defenseless old man.
Mennad was robbed.
Mennad sat over here and relaxed.
Mennad and Baya relaxed.
Tom has probably kissed Mary by now.
Tom has very likely kissed Mary by now.
Tom has almost certainly kissed Mary by now.
"What's your full name?" "Mennad Bakir."
Mennad was on his truck.
Mennad was attacked.
Mennad was attacked and robbed.
Mennad and Baya called the police.
Mennad fought the robbers by himself.
Mennad's collection was worth six thousand bucks.
Mennad was in the kitchen.
Mennad needs to check this for accuracy.
Mennad knocked Baya unconscious.
Mennad was in the basement.
Mennad is a brave man.
Mennad is a hero.
You will be hearing from us.
Mennad will be hearing from us.
Mennad is more valuable to me than money.
Mennad is going to remember this for a long time.
Mennad and I were robbed.
Mennad has been at the police station all this time.
Menad and I were robbed.
Mennad is proud of his father.
Mennad doesn't think so.
Mennad doesn't have manners.
Mennad doesn't have respect.
Mennad got the certificate framed.
Mennad went with Baya.
Mennad knows what happened.
Mennad bought a new fridge.
This fridge weighs a ton.
Mennad bought this fridge from a junkyard.
Mennad was assaulted.
Mennad felt dizzy.
I feel dizzy. The whole world is spinning around.
Mennad was robbed six times in two months.
Mennad and Baya came back.
The robbers were wearing stockings over their heads.
Mennad knows.
Mennad tried to stop them.
Mennad tried to stop me.
Mennad didn't have a gun.
Mennad tried to fight them.
Mennad tried to fight them but they were too many of them.
Mennad overpowered Baya.
Mennad tried to fight the robbers off.
Mennad went to call the police.
Mennad went to call the cops.
Mennad found the bottle in the refrigerator.
Mennad broke Baya's porcelain.
Mennad bought a new collection of porcelain.
Mennad has some money in his piggy bank.
Mennad stole Baya's porcelain collection.
Mennad has a coin collection.
Mennad is coming to join you.
Mennad is too young.
Mennad is too tall.
Mennad is a reporter from a magazine called Ziri.
Mennad paid Baya six hundred dollars.
Mennad has already heard that.
Mennad and Baya have six hundred dollars.
Mennad won't need Baya at all.
Mennad won't need Baya.
Mennad was born in Egypt.
"Where were you born, Mr. Bakir?" "In Egypt."
Mennad was a captain.
Mennad was a captain in World War II.
Mennad broke Baya's new porcelain collection.
Mennad broke Baya's porcelain collection.
Baya is the most efficient assistant in the world.
Baya isn't taking care of Mennad's mother.
"I appreciate you." "I appreciate you, too." "In fact, I love you." "What?"
Mennad is very polite.
Mennad isn't my friend.
Mennad is not my friend.
Mennad and I are friends.
I'm friends with Mennad.
Mennad plays the saxophone.
Mennad plays the guitar.
Mennad plays the violin.
Mennad's dog ate Baya's homework.
Mennad did his homework.
Mennad is very upset.
Mennad got an F.
Mennad's insults are only making me stronger.
That was on the news.
Mennad knows Baya is married.
Mennad ordered a coffin.
Mennad works at the mall.
Mennad is very helpful.
Mennad is so very helpful.
Mennad is so helpful.
Mennad is an office assistant.
Mennad is an assistant.
Mennad didn't get any gifts.
Mennad created this position for Baya.
Mennad ate his lunch alone.
Mennad doesn't know anything about this.
Mennad doesn't know anything about efficiency.
Mennad went to the golf tournament.
Mennad can explain.
Mennad is shocked and disappointed.
Mennad was talking about a new approach to teaching.
Mennad taught his students to rely on themselves.
Mennad is playing a crucial role in that.
Mennad said it like that.
Mennad submitted a request.
Mennad is the vice-principal.
Mennad is the principal.
Mennad filled out the paperwork.
I'm sorry. I can't go.
Mennad and Baya are both black.
Mennad was talking in his usual quiet voice.
Mennad needs to talk to the principal.
Mennad wore a traditional costume.
Mennad wore a suit.
Mennad decided not to let Baya go.
Mennad and Baya aren't going.
Mennad filled out a request.
Mennad didn't learn his lesson from that.
Mennad is the boss.
Mennad is introducing us to a new age.
Mennad is the manager.
Mennad hates Christmas.
Mennad hates Halloween.
Mennad hates Easter.
Just save your breath.
Mennad hates birthdays.
Mennad hates weddings.
Mennad hates funerals.
Mennad can be in two places at the same time.
Looks like Mennad can be in two places at the same time.
Mennad has got a good idea.
Mennad has learned a thing or two from Baya.
Mennad gave Baya a beautiful present.
Mennad and I came.
Mennad is a black man.
Mennad is here for the golf tournament.
Mennad is dressed like a clown.
Mennad doesn't have time to do this.
Do you prefer to visit Brazil or Argentina?
I use French at home.
Tom couldn't speak French at that time.
You've really improved.
Tom was shot attempting to escape.
I'm fluent in French.
I think I'm fluent in French.
I think that I'm fluent in French.
Tom didn't expect Mary to speak French.
I think you've got it now.
Tom was still single back then.
I already know French.
I already know a little French.
I already know some French.
Both Tom and Mary speak French fluently.
We've got to try harder.
Tom was still single at that time.
Mennad and Baya aren't here.
Mennad attended school.
Tom didn't have lunch with us.
I don't want to disappoint my teammates.
Tom had Mary do everything for him.
Where is Mr. Bakir?
Where's Mr. Bakir?
Where's Mennad?
Where is Mennad?
Mennad will talk to Baya later.
Mennad hasn't seen Baya all day.
Mennad was just pretending.
The principal was coming.
I need to hear that speech again.
Mennad ate a sandwich.
Mennad ate a hamburger.
Mennad missed Baya's lecture.
Mennad is busy in class.
Mennad made some coffee.
Mennad made some tea.
Mennad is biracial.
Mennad likes biracial girls.
Mennad is biracial himself.
Mennad can drive a truck.
Mennad was really nice.
Mennad met a lot of celebrities.
Mennad handed Baya a sandwich.
Mennad knows this is bad.
Mennad opened the book.
Mennad opened the book and started reading.
Mennad made deliveries.
