Tom and Mary couldn't contain their anger.
Tom and Mary confessed that they did that.
Tom and Mary conferred with their lawyers.
Tom and Mary claimed that they left early.
Tom and Mary claim that they've done that.
Tom and Mary claim that they didn't do it.
Tom and Mary changed into their swimsuits.
Tom and Mary change their passwords often.
Tom and Mary can't control their emotions.
Tom and Mary called to say they'd be late.
Tom and Mary bowed their heads and prayed.
Tom and Mary bought the books they needed.
Tom and Mary believed that they could win.
Tom and Mary begged me to help them do it.
Tom and Mary aren't wearing their glasses.
Tom and Mary aren't sure why they're here.
Tom and Mary aren't as good as they think.
Tom and Mary tied their boat to the dock.
Tom and Mary thought they'd forgotten it.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be safe here.
Tom and Mary thought that they'd be late.
Tom and Mary thought that they might win.
Tom and Mary thought that they could win.
Tom and Mary think their legs are broken.
Tom and Mary swore they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary swore that they'd never cry.
Tom and Mary swear that they're innocent.
Tom and Mary struggle to pay their bills.
Tom and Mary still can't find their keys.
Tom and Mary stared at their coffee mugs.
Tom and Mary spoke with their supervisor.
Tom and Mary sold their houses last week.
Tom and Mary showed us their photo album.
Tom and Mary showed their schedule to me.
Tom and Mary showed me their photo album.
Tom and Mary should talk to their lawyer.
Tom and Mary shook their heads in dismay.
Tom and Mary set down their paintbrushes.
Tom and Mary say they've lost their keys.
Tom and Mary say they're willing to help.
Tom and Mary say they'll stay for dinner.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that someday.
Tom and Mary say they'd hurt their backs.
Tom and Mary say they won't buy any beer.
Tom and Mary say they weren't being paid.
Tom and Mary say they saw something else.
Tom and Mary say they declined that deal.
Tom and Mary say they can't eat any more.
Tom and Mary say that they're not sleepy.
Tom and Mary say that they're not hungry.
Tom and Mary say that they're not guilty.
Tom and Mary say that they're not coming.
Tom and Mary say that they're not afraid.
Tom and Mary say that they're interested.
Tom and Mary say that they're having fun.
Tom and Mary say that they're feeling OK.
Tom and Mary say that they're doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they're busy today.
Tom and Mary say that they'll go with us.
Tom and Mary say that they'll correct it.
Tom and Mary say that they'll be careful.
Tom and Mary say that they'd love to win.
Tom and Mary say that they'd like to win.
Tom and Mary say that they won't help us.
Tom and Mary say that they were confused.
Tom and Mary say that they used steroids.
Tom and Mary say that they need it today.
Tom and Mary say that they intend to win.
Tom and Mary say that they have no vices.
Tom and Mary say that they hate to study.
Tom and Mary say that they don't do that.
Tom and Mary say that they did just fine.
Tom and Mary say that they can afford it.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't sleepy.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't hungry.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't guilty.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't coming.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't afraid.
Tom and Mary sat in their rocking chairs.
Tom and Mary said you were their friends.
Tom and Mary said their house was locked.
Tom and Mary said their efforts paid off.
Tom and Mary said that they might retire.
Tom and Mary said John was their brother.
Tom and Mary rode their bicycles to work.
Tom and Mary ride their bicycles to work.
Tom and Mary reconsidered their decision.
Tom and Mary realized they might be late.
Tom and Mary realized they had no choice.
Tom and Mary realized they couldn't talk.
Tom and Mary put their paintbrushes down.
Tom and Mary put their keys on the table.
Tom and Mary put their house up for sale.
Tom and Mary put down their paintbrushes.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd win.
Tom and Mary probably missed their train.
Tom and Mary poured milk on their cereal.
Tom and Mary parked in their usual spots.
Tom and Mary overstepped their authority.
Tom and Mary oiled their bicycles chains.
Tom and Mary never talk about their exes.
Tom and Mary needed to change their plan.
Tom and Mary need to cancel their flight.
Tom and Mary need help doing their taxes.
Tom and Mary may leave anytime they want.
Tom and Mary may have missed their train.
Tom and Mary may have missed their buses.
Tom and Mary may do anything they please.
Tom and Mary look like they're uncertain.
Tom and Mary look like they're reluctant.
Tom and Mary look like they're motivated.
Tom and Mary look like they're delighted.
Tom and Mary look like they're contented.
Tom and Mary look like they're conscious.
Tom and Mary look like they're confident.
Tom and Mary look like they're committed.
Tom and Mary liked everything they heard.
Tom and Mary like to ride their bicycles.
Tom and Mary like their beer really cold.
Tom and Mary left their windows unlocked.
Tom and Mary learned from their mistakes.
Tom and Mary know what they've got to do.
Tom and Mary know what they want to hear.
Tom and Mary knew that they wouldn't win.
Tom and Mary knew that they had to leave.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't win.
Tom and Mary knew more than they told us.
Tom and Mary kept checking their watches.
Tom and Mary just told us they got fired.
Tom and Mary jumped up from their chairs.
Tom and Mary insisted on their innocence.
Tom and Mary hopped on their motorcycles.
Tom and Mary hope they'll be able to win.
Tom and Mary hope they won't be deported.
Tom and Mary haven't had their lunch yet.
Tom and Mary hate getting their feet wet.
Tom and Mary had scratches on their arms.
Tom and Mary grabbed their bags and left.
Tom and Mary got yelled at by their boss.
Tom and Mary got on their bikes and left.
Tom and Mary got more than they expected.
Tom and Mary got in trouble, didn't they?
Tom and Mary get mean when they're drunk.
Tom and Mary gave their horses some oats.
Tom and Mary gave me everything they had.
Tom and Mary gave it everything they had.
Tom and Mary forgot to lock their houses.
Tom and Mary floss their teeth every day.
Tom and Mary felt they'd done their duty.
Tom and Mary explained why they did this.
Tom and Mary explained how they did that.
Tom and Mary don't want me here, do they?
Tom and Mary don't seem so busy, do they?
Tom and Mary don't greet their neighbors.
Tom and Mary didn't wait for their turns.
Tom and Mary didn't even lock their door.
Tom and Mary didn't admit their mistakes.
Tom and Mary deserve everything they get.
Tom and Mary deny they paid ransom money.
Tom and Mary deny they agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary denied they stole the money.
Tom and Mary definitely know their stuff.
Tom and Mary decided to sell their house.
Tom and Mary couldn't believe their luck.
Tom and Mary could've broken their necks.
Tom and Mary conferred with their lawyer.
Tom and Mary comes and go as they please.
Tom and Mary claim they've taught French.
Tom and Mary claim they saw the accident.
Tom and Mary claim they can speak French.
Tom and Mary claim that they're unbiased.
Tom and Mary claim that they can do that.
Tom and Mary changed into their uniforms.
Tom and Mary can't help the way they are.
Tom and Mary believed they could do that.
Tom and Mary aren't what they used to be.
Tom and Mary want to change their plans.
Tom and Mary thought they might do that.
Tom and Mary thought that they had time.
Tom and Mary talked about their schools.
Tom and Mary swore that they didn't cry.
Tom and Mary swear that they didn't cry.
Tom and Mary sounded like they meant it.
Tom and Mary smiled at you, didn't they?
Tom and Mary slammed their lockers shut.
Tom and Mary sipped their hot chocolate.
Tom and Mary sipped their coffee slowly.
Tom and Mary silently shook their heads.
Tom and Mary shared their lunch with me.
Tom and Mary say they'll come righ away.
Tom and Mary say they want to come, too.
Tom and Mary say they don't care at all.
Tom and Mary say they can help us today.
Tom and Mary say they agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary say that've heard you sing.
Tom and Mary say that they've done that.
Tom and Mary say that they're undecided.
Tom and Mary say that they're not tired.
Tom and Mary say that they're not happy.
Tom and Mary say that they're not going.
Tom and Mary say that they're not angry.
Tom and Mary say that they're exhausted.
Tom and Mary say that they're desperate.
Tom and Mary say that they're depressed.
Tom and Mary say that they're Canadians.
Tom and Mary say that they weren't here.
Tom and Mary say that they want to swim.
Tom and Mary say that they speak French.
Tom and Mary say that they love us both.
Tom and Mary say that they hope you win.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't do it.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't tired.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't happy.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't going.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't angry.
Tom and Mary sat with their arms folded.
Tom and Mary sat and drank their coffee.
Tom and Mary said they think we can win.
Tom and Mary said that they liked pizza.
Tom and Mary said John was their friend.
Tom and Mary said John was their cousin.
Tom and Mary ripped open their presents.
Tom and Mary regretted what they'd done.
Tom and Mary refilled their coffee mugs.
Tom and Mary refilled their coffee cups.
Tom and Mary really like their new jobs.
Tom and Mary put their rubber gloves on.
Tom and Mary put their roller skates on.
Tom and Mary put their hats on and left.
Tom and Mary put their coffee cups down.
Tom and Mary put their bathing suits on.
Tom and Mary put on their rubber gloves.
Tom and Mary put on their roller skates.
Tom and Mary put on their hats and left.
Tom and Mary put on their bathing suits.
Tom and Mary put down their coffee cups.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd be here.
Tom and Mary parked in their usual spot.
Tom and Mary packed up their belongings.
Tom and Mary packed their bags and left.
Tom and Mary often break their promises.
Tom and Mary obviously know their stuff.
Tom and Mary never denied they did that.
Tom and Mary need to change their socks.
Tom and Mary need to change their plans.
Tom and Mary may not like what they see.
Tom and Mary may eat wherever they want.
Tom and Mary may eat whenever they want.
Tom and Mary may eat whatever they want.
Tom and Mary make their spaghetti spicy.
Tom and Mary made their positions clear.
Tom and Mary looked up from their books.
Tom and Mary look like they're troubled.
Tom and Mary look like they're thinking.
Tom and Mary look like they're offended.
Tom and Mary look like they're occupied.
Tom and Mary look like they're homeless.
Tom and Mary look as if they're in pain.
Tom and Mary like riding their bicycles.
Tom and Mary let us borrow their gloves.
Tom and Mary left their laptops at home.
Tom and Mary leave their TVs on all day.
Tom and Mary know what they want to see.
Tom and Mary know what they want to say.
Tom and Mary know what they have to say.
Tom and Mary knew they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they needed help.
Tom and Mary insisted they didn't do it.
Tom and Mary hope they won't be demoted.
Tom and Mary heard their phones ringing.
Tom and Mary have vowed they'll do that.
Tom and Mary have said that they'll win.
Tom and Mary hate to get their feet wet.
Tom and Mary glanced down at their feet.
Tom and Mary forgot to lock their house.
Tom and Mary finally lost their tempers.
Tom and Mary filled their glasses again.
Tom and Mary felt like they could do it.
Tom and Mary don't like apples, do they?
Tom and Mary don't know what they'll do.
Tom and Mary don't believe they can win.
Tom and Mary don't always get their way.
Tom and Mary do what they're told to do.
Tom and Mary do everything they're told.
Tom and Mary didn't wait for their turn.
Tom and Mary didn't take their medicine.
Tom and Mary didn't off take their hats.
Tom and Mary didn't answer their phones.
Tom and Mary denied that they said that.
Tom and Mary couldn't hide their smiles.
Tom and Mary claimed that they did that.
Tom and Mary claim that they didn't cry.
Tom and Mary certainly enjoy their wine.
Tom and Mary can't win and they know it.
Tom and Mary believe that they're right.
Tom and Mary believe that they're ready.
Tom and Mary aren't as bad as they look.
Tom and Mary want to change their plan.
Tom and Mary swore they'd quit smoking.
Tom and Mary swore that they'd do that.
Tom and Mary swear that they won't cry.
Tom and Mary stared down at their feet.
Tom and Mary spend more than they earn.
Tom and Mary should've never done that.
Tom and Mary should change their locks.
Tom and Mary say they've taught French.
Tom and Mary say they're ready to help.
Tom and Mary say they'll help us today.
Tom and Mary say they hope you do that.
Tom and Mary say they feel like crying.
Tom and Mary say they don't need money.
Tom and Mary say they don't like money.
Tom and Mary say that they're not sick.
Tom and Mary say that they're not lazy.
Tom and Mary say that they're not busy.
Tom and Mary say that they're innocent.
Tom and Mary say that they're homesick.
Tom and Mary say that they were hungry.
Tom and Mary say that they were framed.
Tom and Mary say that they want to win.
Tom and Mary say that they should wait.
Tom and Mary say that they plan to win.
Tom and Mary say that they never cried.
Tom and Mary say that they don't snore.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't swim.
Tom and Mary say that they can't sleep.
Tom and Mary say that they can help us.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't sick.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't lazy.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't busy.
Tom and Mary said they liked good wine.
Tom and Mary said that they don't know.
Tom and Mary said John was their uncle.
Tom and Mary refused to pay their bill.
Tom and Mary realize what they've done.
Tom and Mary put their goggles back on.
Tom and Mary put their glasses back on.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd wait.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd sing.
Tom and Mary practice what they preach.
Tom and Mary plan to sell their houses.
Tom and Mary only did what they had to.
Tom and Mary need to see their lawyers.
Tom and Mary need to pay what they owe.
Tom and Mary need to change their plan.
Tom and Mary must've had their reasons.
Tom and Mary may have missed their bus.
Tom and Mary may do anything they want.
Tom and Mary made you cry, didn't they?
Tom and Mary made their position clear.
Tom and Mary loved their grandchildren.
Tom and Mary looked down at their feet.
Tom and Mary look like they're wealthy.
Tom and Mary look like they're shocked.
Tom and Mary look like they're serious.
Tom and Mary look like they're relaxed.
Tom and Mary look like they're pleased.
Tom and Mary look like they're jealous.
Tom and Mary look like they're frantic.
Tom and Mary look like they're dubious.
Tom and Mary look like they're certain.
Tom and Mary look like they're anxious.
Tom and Mary left their phones at home.
Tom and Mary leave their TV on all day.
Tom and Mary know that it's their call.
Tom and Mary knew they'd said too much.
Tom and Mary kicked off their sneakers.
Tom and Mary keep their uniforms clean.
Tom and Mary just got their braces off.
Tom and Mary jumped out of their seats.
Tom and Mary insisted they acted alone.
Tom and Mary hoped that they could win.
Tom and Mary have twisted their ankles.
Tom and Mary have to brush their teeth.
Tom and Mary have sold their companies.
Tom and Mary have said they'll do that.
Tom and Mary had to cancel their trips.
Tom and Mary had their hair dyed black.
Tom and Mary got it wrong, didn't they?
Tom and Mary gave their cats some milk.
Tom and Mary explained their decisions.
Tom and Mary don't look happy, do they?
Tom and Mary don't like their new sofa.
Tom and Mary don't like their new jobs.
Tom and Mary don't keep their promises.
Tom and Mary don't have what they need.
Tom and Mary didn't raise their voices.
Tom and Mary didn't lose their tempers.
Tom and Mary didn't deny they did that.
Tom and Mary did what they'd been told.
Tom and Mary did more than their share.
Tom and Mary deserve whatever they get.
Tom and Mary decided they'd had enough.
Tom and Mary cried as they walked home.
Tom and Mary couldn't open their hands.
Tom and Mary couldn't hide their anger.
Tom and Mary claimed they've done that.
Tom and Mary claimed they didn't do it.
Tom and Mary can barely pay their rent.
Tom and Mary calculated their expenses.
Tom and Mary burned their report cards.
Tom and Mary believe that they can win.
Tom and Mary aren't wearing their hats.
Tom and Mary still deny they did that.
Tom and Mary sipped their wine slowly.
Tom and Mary shyly raised their hands.
Tom and Mary showed me their schedule.
Tom and Mary set fire to their houses.
Tom and Mary say they lost their keys.
Tom and Mary say they feel better now.
Tom and Mary say they dream in French.
Tom and Mary say they can't sing well.
Tom and Mary say they can write songs.
Tom and Mary say that they're unhappy.
Tom and Mary say that they're thirsty.
Tom and Mary say that they'll hurt me.
Tom and Mary say that they won't vote.
Tom and Mary say that they won't swim.
Tom and Mary say that they won't stay.
Tom and Mary say that they won't sing.
Tom and Mary say that they won't mind.
Tom and Mary say that they were fired.
Tom and Mary say that they don't swim.
Tom and Mary say that they don't mind.
Tom and Mary say that they don't know.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't win.
Tom and Mary say that they can't sing.
Tom and Mary said they liked swimming.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd win.
Tom and Mary often screen their calls.
Tom and Mary need to see their lawyer.
Tom and Mary lost their wedding rings.
Tom and Mary look older than they are.
Tom and Mary look like they're unhurt.
Tom and Mary look like they're rested.
Tom and Mary look as if they're drunk.
Tom and Mary like their coffee strong.
Tom and Mary know what they should do.
Tom and Mary know what they did wrong.
Tom and Mary knew they'd been tricked.
Tom and Mary knew that they could win.
Tom and Mary hugged their teddy bears.
Tom and Mary haven't paid their taxes.
Tom and Mary have scars on their legs.
Tom and Mary have said they won't win.
Tom and Mary have said they can't win.
Tom and Mary had to sell their houses.
Tom and Mary had to change their plan.
Tom and Mary got up from their stools.
Tom and Mary gave their cat some milk.
Tom and Mary gave everything they had.
Tom and Mary followed their instincts.
Tom and Mary flashed their headlights.
Tom and Mary fidgeted in their chairs.
Tom and Mary explained their decision.
Tom and Mary don't leave their houses.
Tom and Mary died from their injuries.
Tom and Mary didn't mince their words.
Tom and Mary did that until they died.
Tom and Mary denied that they laughed.
Tom and Mary cut it with their knives.
Tom and Mary couldn't pay their bills.
Tom and Mary couldn't hide their pain.
Tom and Mary claimed they acted alone.
Tom and Mary claim they're telepathic.
Tom and Mary claim that they're happy.
Tom and Mary claim that they did that.
Tom and Mary claim that they can swim.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they can win.
Tom and Mary thought they'd help out.
Tom and Mary survived their injuries.
Tom and Mary stopped in their tracks.
Tom and Mary still hope they can win.
Tom and Mary staggered to their feet.
Tom and Mary squirmed in their seats.
Tom and Mary slowly drank their wine.
Tom and Mary sleep on their stomachs.
Tom and Mary sharpened their pencils.
Tom and Mary set fire to their house.
Tom and Mary scrambled to their feet.
Tom and Mary say they've never cried.
Tom and Mary say they studied French.
Tom and Mary say they seldom do that.
Tom and Mary say they like marigolds.
Tom and Mary say they don't ever win.
Tom and Mary say they don't blame us.
Tom and Mary say they can see ghosts.
Tom and Mary say that they're unsure.
Tom and Mary say that they're sleepy.
Tom and Mary say that they won't win.
Tom and Mary say that they were busy.
Tom and Mary say that they swim well.
Tom and Mary say that they feel fine.
Tom and Mary say that they cook well.
Tom and Mary say that they can't win.
Tom and Mary said they don't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they disagree.
Tom and Mary repaired their bicycles.
Tom and Mary referred to their notes.
Tom and Mary redoubled their efforts.
Tom and Mary realized they might die.
Tom and Mary put their snow boots on.
Tom and Mary put their ice skates on.
Tom and Mary put their headphones on.
Tom and Mary put on their snow boots.
Tom and Mary pulled off their gloves.
Tom and Mary never raise their voice.
Tom and Mary must've hit their heads.
Tom and Mary look like they're sorry.
Tom and Mary lied about their grades.
Tom and Mary left their keys with me.
Tom and Mary knew they ought to move.
Tom and Mary knew they had to escape.
Tom and Mary knew they could do that.
Tom and Mary helped you, didn't they?
Tom and Mary have to get their stuff.
Tom and Mary have sold their company.
Tom and Mary have kept their promise.
Tom and Mary had to sell their house.
Tom and Mary grabbed their backpacks.
Tom and Mary got their feelings hurt.
Tom and Mary got out their notebooks.
Tom and Mary fought back their tears.
Tom and Mary fell off their bicycles.
Tom and Mary don't leave their house.
Tom and Mary do what they want to do.
Tom and Mary didn't sign their wills.
Tom and Mary didn't drink their milk.
Tom and Mary defended their findings.
Tom and Mary couldn't pay their rent.
Tom and Mary confessed they did that.
Tom and Mary claimed they didn't cry.
Tom and Mary claim they didn't do it.
Tom and Mary changed their passwords.
Tom and Mary can't hold their liquor.
Tom and Mary believed they could win.
Tom and Mary thought they should go.
Tom and Mary thought they might win.
Tom and Mary thought they could win.
Tom and Mary swore they'd never cry.
Tom and Mary swore that they'd wait.
Tom and Mary set down their glasses.
Tom and Mary say they'll correct it.
Tom and Mary say they'd love to win.
Tom and Mary say they'd like to win.
Tom and Mary say they used steroids.
Tom and Mary say they intend to win.
Tom and Mary say they hate to study.
Tom and Mary say they can swim well.
Tom and Mary say that've just eaten.
Tom and Mary say that they're dying.
Tom and Mary say that they're angry.
Tom and Mary said they might retire.
Tom and Mary rose from their chairs.
Tom and Mary repainted their houses.
Tom and Mary renovated their houses.
Tom and Mary put their swimsuits on.
Tom and Mary put their snowshoes on.
Tom and Mary put their seatbelts on.
Tom and Mary put their raincoats on.
Tom and Mary put their pencils down.
Tom and Mary put their overcoats on.
Tom and Mary put their new shoes on.
Tom and Mary put their glasses down.
Tom and Mary put salt on their eggs.
Tom and Mary put on their overcoats.
Tom and Mary put down their glasses.
Tom and Mary pulled their socks off.
Tom and Mary pulled their glove off.
Tom and Mary pulled off their socks.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd win.
Tom and Mary plunged to their death.
Tom and Mary overstayed their visas.
Tom and Mary must pay what they owe.
Tom and Mary mortgaged their houses.
Tom and Mary may leave if they want.
Tom and Mary may go if they want to.
Tom and Mary look like they're well.
Tom and Mary look like they're sure.
Tom and Mary look like they're rich.
Tom and Mary look like they're poor.
Tom and Mary look like they're lost.
Tom and Mary look like they're glad.
Tom and Mary look like they're fine.
Tom and Mary lent us their bicycles.
Tom and Mary know their limitations.
Tom and Mary knew they wouldn't win.
Tom and Mary knew they couldn't win.
Tom and Mary jumped on their horses.
Tom and Mary inherited their wealth.
Tom and Mary held out their glasses.
Tom and Mary have made their choice.
Tom and Mary handed in their report.
Tom and Mary had their pianos tuned.
Tom and Mary got off their bicycles.
Tom and Mary fractured their wrists.
Tom and Mary forgot their passwords.
Tom and Mary finished their dessert.
Tom and Mary died in their thirties.
Tom and Mary didn't do it, did they?
Tom and Mary denied they left early.
Tom and Mary denied that they cried.
Tom and Mary cracked their knuckles.
Tom and Mary closed their notebooks.
Tom and Mary claim they're unbiased.
Tom and Mary called off their trips.
Tom and Mary swore they didn't cry.
Tom and Mary swore that they'd win.
Tom and Mary swear they didn't cry.
Tom and Mary set their drinks down.
Tom and Mary set down their spoons.
Tom and Mary say they're very busy.
Tom and Mary say they're undecided.
Tom and Mary say they teach French.
Tom and Mary say they study French.
Tom and Mary say they love us both.
Tom and Mary say they hope you win.
Tom and Mary say they're desperate.
Tom and Mary say they're Canadians.
Tom and Mary say that they're rich.
Tom and Mary say that they're fine.
Tom and Mary say that they'll swim.
Tom and Mary say that they'll sing.
Tom and Mary say that they'll come.
Tom and Mary say that they love me.
Tom and Mary say that they like it.
Tom and Mary said they liked pizza.
Tom and Mary repainted their house.
Tom and Mary renovated their house.
Tom and Mary removed their jackets.
Tom and Mary removed their goggles.
Tom and Mary removed their glasses.
Tom and Mary put their wetsuits on.
Tom and Mary put on their wetsuits.
Tom and Mary put on their slippers.
Tom and Mary put away their phones.
Tom and Mary pulled their wigs off.
Tom and Mary pulled off their wigs.
Tom and Mary pledged their support.
Tom and Mary picked their books up.
Tom and Mary often lose their keys.
Tom and Mary loved their grandkids.
Tom and Mary look like they're hot.
Tom and Mary knew they could do it.
Tom and Mary just missed their bus.
Tom and Mary hope they can do that.
Tom and Mary hope that they'll win.
Tom and Mary have said they'll win.
Tom and Mary glanced to their left.
Tom and Mary gave their keys to me.
Tom and Mary dyed their hair brown.
Tom and Mary denied they said that.
Tom and Mary crossed their fingers.
Tom and Mary claimed that they won.
Tom and Mary claim they didn't cry.
Tom and Mary can't find their keys.
Tom and Mary can drive, can't they?
Tom and Mary can do it, can't they?
Tom and Mary called off their trip.
Tom and Mary blow-dried their hair.
Tom and Mary believe they're right.
Tom and Mary aren't what they seem.
Tom and Mary swear they won't cry.
Tom and Mary stretched their legs.
Tom and Mary stirred their coffee.
Tom and Mary sprang to their feet.
Tom and Mary sold their companies.
Tom and Mary slurped their drinks.
Tom and Mary sleep on their backs.
Tom and Mary shut their notebooks.
Tom and Mary returned to their hotel rooms.
They promised that they'd be more careful the next time.
They must've had their reasons for doing what they did.
They both reached into their pockets at the same time.
They say that they're hoping that they can do that.
They promised they'd be more careful the next time.
They say that they aren't sure that they're ready.
They said that they hope that that'll happen soon.
They say that they're glad that you're all right.
They say that they believe that they can do that.
They said that their licenses had been suspended.
They knew that they had no choice but to do that.
They thought that they were losing their minds.
They sang one of the songs they wrote together.
They said that there was nothing they could do.
They said that that was what they wanted to do.
They promised that they wouldn't be late again.
They knew that there was no way they could win.
They say that they're hoping they can do that.
They regained all the weight that they'd lost.
They're not sure that they can do that again.
They thought that they were no longer needed.
They thought that they were going to be shot.
They thought that they were going to be busy.
They say they aren't sure that they're ready.
They say that they're sorry they didn't call.
They say that they're on their way back home.
They say that they have everything they want.
They say that they have everything they need.
They say that they believe that they can win.
They say that they aren't sure they're ready.
They said they hope that that'll happen soon.
They said that they think they won't do that.
They said that they hope that'll happen soon.
They said that they couldn't believe anybody.
They said that their houses weren't for sale.
They said that that was their favorite store.
They promised me that they'd pay their debts.
They hoped that their dreams would come true.
They haven't yet admitted that they did that.
They haven't admitted that they did that yet.
They aren't sure that they can do that again.
They're not sure that they ought to do that.
They thought that they'd be able to do that.
They thought that they could do that for me.
They thought that their houses were haunted.
They swore that they wouldn't do that today.
They swore that they wouldn't do that again.
They suddenly realized that they were wrong.
They say they're glad that you're all right.
They say that they've never seen you before.
They say that they've never eaten Thai food.
They say that they've met you several times.
They say that they've done that three times.
They say that they've been asked to do that.
They say that they're too old to start over.
They say that they're not planning on going.
They say that they're not afraid to do that.
They say that they're going to stop smoking.
They say that they're glad you're all right.
They say that they're glad that you're here.
They say that they're feeling kind of tired.
They say that they're almost ready to leave.
They say that they weren't surprised at all.
They say that they haven't joined any clubs.
They say that they believe they can do that.
They say that they aren't planning on going.
They say that they aren't afraid to do that.
They said their licenses had been suspended.
They said that they just wanted to be loved.
They said that they intended to go shopping.
They said that they felt dizzy and nauseous.
They said that they felt compelled to speak.
They said that they couldn't believe anyone.
They said that their schedules would change.
They said that their houses weren't damaged.
They said that everybody they know can swim.
They refused to admit that they'd done that.
They realized that they'd said way too much.
They realized that they'd been unreasonable.
They realized that they couldn't to do that.
They promised that they'd take care of that.
They promised that they'd help us on Monday.
They promised that they'd do that this week.
They promised that they'd be here on Monday.
They promised that they wouldn't leave town.
They promised that they won't do that today.
They promised that they won't do that again.
They promised me that they'd do that for us.
They promised me that they'd do that for me.
They promised me that they wouldn't do that.
They promised me that they wouldn't be late.
They made some toys for their grandchildren.
They knew they had no choice but to do that.
They knew that they'd done something stupid.
They knew that it was their duty to do that.
They found several T-shirts that they liked.
They did what they felt that they had to do.
They claim that they have telepathic powers.
They aren't sure that they ought to do that.
They've said that they won't do that again.
They're not sure that they want to do this.
They're not sure that they want to do that.
They're not sure that they need to do that.
They're not sure that they have to do that.
They thought that they were in big trouble.
They thought that they should study French.
They thought that they heard some gunshots.
They thought that they had to study French.
They thought that they had to speak French.
They thought that they could do that again.
They think that I don't know what they did.
They swore that they'd never do that again.
They swore that they wouldn't ever do that.
They swear that they won't do that anymore.
They still haven't said that they're sorry.
They soon realized that they weren't alone.
They slung their bags over their shoulders.
They say that they've never studied French.
They say that they've done that many times.
They say that they've cut down on drinking.
They say that they've been advised to stay.
They say that they're tired of watching TV.
They say that they're still planning to go.
They say that they're not ready to give up.
They say that they're not ready to do that.
They say that they're not going to do that.
They say that they're not coming back here.
They say that they're not afraid of ghosts.
They say that they're going to beat you up.
They say that they're feeling better today.
They say that they're eager to participate.
They say that they'll never come back here.
They say that they'll do whatever they can.
They say that they'll do what they need to.
They say that they'll do what they have to.
They say that they'd be willing to help us.
They say that they won't come to our party.
They say that they were asked to come here.
They say that they were absolutely stunned.
They say that they were abducted by aliens.
They say that they never wanted to do that.
They say that they may not have to do that.
They say that they know what they're doing.
They say that they have to do that as well.
They say that they have no plan to do that.
They say that they have no idea what to do.
They say that they didn't agree to do that.
They say that they can't walk another step.
They say that they can do that blindfolded.
They say that they aren't ready to give up.
They say that they aren't ready to do that.
They say that they aren't going to do that.
They say that they aren't coming back here.
They say that they aren't afraid of ghosts.
They say that everybody they know can swim.
They said that they think we could do that.
They said that they spoke French last week.
They said that their schedules had changed.
They said that their schedule would change.
They said that their houses weren't locked.
They said that their house wasn't for sale.
They said that their goals haven't changed.
They said that the earthquake woke them up.
They said that it wasn't them who did that.
They said that everyone they know can swim.
They regretted everything that they'd done.
They promised that they'd go straight home.
They promised that they'd do that tomorrow.
They promised that they won't do that here.
They promised me that they'd do that today.
They promised me that they'd clean my room.
They pawned the jewelry that they'd stolen.
They offered their seats to the old couple.
They know that there's no way they can win.
They knew that they'd done something wrong.
They knew that they didn't need to do that.
They knew that they didn't have to do that.
They knew that their plan wasn't very good.
They insist that they're telling the truth.
They have shown that they can't be trusted.
They got the punishment that they deserved.
They forgot where they'd put their glasses.
They felt that they needed to do something.
They didn't realize that they had to leave.
They did the only thing that they could do.
They covered their mouths with their hands.
They claim that they haven't yet been paid.
They claim that they haven't been paid yet.
They claim that they acted in self defense.
They called to tell me that they'd be late.
They aren't sure that they want to do this.
They aren't sure that they want to do that.
They aren't sure that they need to do that.
They aren't sure that they have to do that.
They're not sure what else they should do.
They're not sure that they should do that.
They're not as young as they say they are.
They thought they were losing their minds.
They thought that their house was haunted.
They swore that they'd never hit me again.
They swore that they wouldn't leave early.
They soon realized that they were trapped.
They shook their heads as they drove away.
They say that they've never taught French.
They say that they've never been arrested.
They say that they're too busy to do that.
They say that they're tired of doing that.
They say that they're prepared to do that.
They say that they're planning to do that.
They say that they're not able to do that.
They say that they're here to support you.
They say that they're feeling very sleepy.
They say that they'll never do that again.
They say that they'd like to study French.
They say that they won't go there anymore.
They say that they won't do that tomorrow.
They say that they won't buy that for you.
They say that they won't be here tomorrow.
They say that they won't be busy tomorrow.
They say that they won't agree to do that.
They say that they want to be buried here.
They say that they want their things back.
They say that they still can't believe it.
They say that they spoke without thinking.
They say that they never lock their doors.
They say that they needed to study French.
They say that they have no concrete plans.
They say that they feel taken for granted.
They say that they feel obligated to help.
They say that they didn't want to do that.
They say that they didn't plan to do that.
They say that they didn't need to do that.
They say that they didn't know what to do.
They say that they didn't have to do that.
They say that they did that for the money.
They say that they can't walk any further.
They say that they can't stand doing that.
They say that they can predict the future.
They say that they aren't able to do that.
They say that they actually enjoy dancing.
They say that there's nothing they can do.
They say that their goals haven't changed.
They say that everyone they know can swim.
They said there was nothing they could do.
They said that was what they wanted to do.
They said that they think it's impossible.
They said that they just couldn't do that.
They said that they felt extremely guilty.
They said that they don't work on Mondays.
They said that they don't want to do that.
They said that they don't plan to do that.
They said that they don't mind doing that.
They said that they don't like to do that.
They said that they don't like doing that.
They said that they don't know what to do.
They said that they don't do that anymore.
They said that their schedule has changed.
They said that their house wasn't damaged.
They said that the explosion woke them up.
They realized that they shouldn't do that.
They realized that they needed to do that.
They put their passports in their pockets.
They promised they wouldn't be late again.
They promised that they'd be more careful.
They promised me that they'd study French.
They may use our bicycles if they want to.
They knew there was no way they could win.
They hoped that they'd be able to do that.
They hoped that they wouldn't be too late.
They hoped that they wouldn't be captured.
They hope that they'll be able to do that.
They hope that they won't be disqualified.
They don't realize how lucky they've been.
They don't often admit that they're wrong.
They don't feel that they have to do that.
They didn't deny that they didn't do that.
They claimed that they've never done that.
They claimed that they'd been brainwashed.
They claim that they've done that already.
They claim that they've already done that.
They aren't sure what else they should do.
They aren't sure that they should do that.
They aren't as young as they say they are.
They've said that they intend to do that.
They've assured me that they'll be there.
They're not as rich as they say they are.
They thought that they'd find other jobs.
They thought that they were going to win.
They thought that they were going to die.
They thought that they shouldn't do that.
They thought that they needed to do that.
They thought that they might be able win.
They thought that their legs were broken.
They think that their houses are haunted.
They swear that they won't do that again.
They still haven't found their passports.
They say they're hoping they can do that.
They say they're hoping that can do that.
They say that they've never won anything.
They say that they've done nothing wrong.
They say that they've been asked to stay.
They say that they've been asked to help.
They say that they're willing to help us.
They say that they're too tired to study.
They say that they're too old to do that.
They say that they're not planning to go.
They say that they're not having any fun.
They say that they're good at doing that.
They say that they're feeling very tired.
They say that they're feeling better now.
They say that they'll study French today.
They say that they'll pay for everything.
They say that they'll get home on Monday.
They say that they'd never do that again.
They say that they'd be happy to do that.
They say that they won't wait any longer.
They say that they won't need to do that.
They say that they won't help us do that.
They say that they won't have to do that.
They say that they won't do that for you.
They say that they won't do that anymore.
They say that they want to talk with you.
They say that they want to quit the band.
They say that they want to go to Harvard.
They say that they want to go home early.
They say that they want to do that today.
They say that they want something to eat.
They say that they understood everything.
They say that they saw something strange.
They say that they plan to take pictures.
They say that they only eat organic food.
They say that they never lock their door.
They say that they need to talk with you.
They say that they need my help tomorrow.
They say that they need another computer.
They say that they know why you did that.
They say that they just want to be happy.
They say that they hope that you do that.
They say that they haven't yet done that.
They say that they haven't done that yet.
They say that they have plans to do that.
They say that they have other priorities.
They say that they found it on the bench.
They say that they feel comfortable here.
They say that they enjoy teaching French.
They say that they enjoy studying French.
They say that they enjoy speaking French.
They say that they don't wish to do that.
They say that they don't want to do that.
They say that they don't plan to do that.
They say that they don't need to do that.
They say that they don't like to do that.
They say that they don't like doing that.
They say that they don't know what to do.
They say that they don't know the answer.
They say that they don't know any French.
They say that they don't have to do that.
They say that they don't feel well today.
They say that they don't do that anymore.
They say that they didn't have insurance.
They say that they can't wait any longer.
They say that they can't stay for dinner.
They say that they can't remember things.
They say that they can't find their hats.
They say that they can't believe anybody.
They say that they aren't planning to go.
They say that they aren't having any fun.
They say that they always do it this way.
They said that they think they won't win.
They said that they don't want to retire.
They said that their stomachs still hurt.
They said that their house wasn't locked.
They said that the gunshots woke them up.
They said that that wasn't their problem.
They regained all the weight they'd lost.
They realized that they ought to do that.
They promised that they'd do that for us.
They promised that they'd do that for me.
They promised that they wouldn't do that.
They promised that they wouldn't be late.
They poured more wine into their glasses.
They knew that they wouldn't be replaced.
They knew that they wouldn't be punished.
They knew that they wouldn't be expelled.
They knew that they wouldn't be arrested.
They knew that they needed to leave town.
They knew that they had no time to spare.
They knew that they couldn't be replaced.
They injured their elbows when they fell.
They honked their horns as they drove by.
They haven't made their schedules public.
They haven't been answering their phones.
They have lots of things they have to do.
They had red spots all over their bodies.
They had nobody to tell their stories to.
They had no one to tell their stories to.
They got locked out of their dormitories.
They gave no reasons for their decisions.
They forgot to bring their lunches today.
They don't think that it was their fault.
They don't know that I wish they'd leave.
They don't believe that they can do that.
They didn't go where they said they'd go.
They did what they promised us they'd do.
They did what they promised me they'd do.
They denied that they'd stolen the money.
They couldn't buy everything they needed.
They complained about their low salaries.
They claim that they have psychic powers.
They claim that they had second thoughts.
They aren't as rich as they say they are.
They've assured me that they'll do that.
They're not wearing their glasses today.
They're not sure they can do that again.
They're not serious about their studies.
They're not as witty as they used to be.
They're not as weird as they used to be.
They're not as tough as they used to be.
They're not as timid as they used to be.
They're not as scary as they used to be.
They're not as pushy as they used to be.
They're not as picky as they used to be.
They're not as old as they say they are.
They're not as nasty as they used to be.
They're not as naive as they used to be.
They're not as lucky as they used to be.
They're not as heavy as they used to be.
They're not as fussy as they used to be.
They're not as funny as they used to be.
They're not as crazy as they used to be.
They're not as bossy as they used to be.
They're not afraid to speak their minds.
They thought they were no longer needed.
They thought they were going to be shot.
They thought they were going to be busy.
They thought that they'd be able to win.
They thought that they must be mistaken.
They still say that they don't blame me.
They still haven't paid all their bills.
They splashed some water on their faces.
They splashed cold water on their faces.
They soon realized that they were alone.
They sold their houses three months ago.
They slammed their bedroom doors closed.
They shook their heads and said nothing.
They scratched their names off the list.
They say they're sorry they didn't call.
They say they're on their way back home.
They say they have everything they want.
They say they have everything they need.
They say they aren't sure they're ready.
They say that they've never eaten sushi.
They say that they've never coming back.
They say that they've done that already.
They say that they've been told to stay.
They say that they've already done that.
They say that they're working very hard.
They say that they're planning on going.
They say that they're hoping to do that.
They say that they're afraid to do that.
They say that they'll never leave early.
They say that they'll never do it again.
They say that they'll keep working hard.
They say that they'll do whatever we do.
They say that they'll do that on Monday.
They say that they'll come to the party.
They say that they'd rather not do that.
They say that they want to study French.
They say that they want to speak to you.
They say that they want to speak French.
They say that they want to learn French.
They say that they want to do that, too.
They say that they want to come with us.
They say that they used to teach French.
They say that they used to study French.
They say that they plan to study French.
They say that they need to study French.
They say that they need to do that, too.
They say that they like teaching French.
They say that they like studying French.
They say that they like speaking French.
They say that they have to work tonight.
They say that they have to study French.
They say that they have to speak French.
They say that they have to do that, too.
They say that they have nothing to hide.
They say that they have no other choice.
They say that they feel much better now.
They say that they feel like doing that.
They say that they don't have insurance.
They say that they didn't know about it.
They say that they did it for the money.
They say that they definitely won't win.
They say that they come here every year.
They say that they can't wait that long.
They say that they can't go any further.
They say that they can't believe anyone.
They say that they believe they can win.
They say that they also want to do that.
They say that they also need to do that.
They say that they also have to do that.
They say that their stomachs still hurt.
They say that their stomachs don't hurt.
They said they think they won't do that.
They said they hope that'll happen soon.
They said they couldn't believe anybody.
They said their houses weren't for sale.
They said that you wouldn't let them in.
They said that was their favorite store.
They said that they think it's possible.
They said that they don't smoke anymore.
They said that they don't plan on going.
They said that their houses were locked.
They said that it was them who did that.
They realize that they're being ignored.
They raised their glasses to their lips.
They put their lunch trays on the table.
They put their hats on and went outside.
They put their cups down on the counter.
They put on their hats and went outside.
They promised that they'd keep in touch.
They promised me they'd pay their debts.
They promised me that they'd come early.
They promised me that they wouldn't cry.
They pretended that they didn't know me.
They poured cold water over their heads.
They pounded their fists on their desks.
They ought to have their heads examined.
They never did what they said they'd do.
They made up their minds to leave early.
They made up their minds not to do that.
They lost the keys to their hotel rooms.
They looked for their names on the list.
They knew that they should study French.
They knew that they had to do something.
They knew that they had nothing to lose.
They just shook their heads and laughed.
They injured their backs playing tennis.
They hoped their dreams would come true.
They hope that they don't botch the job.
They hid their books behind their backs.
They heard somebody calling their names.
They haven't yet admitted they did that.
They haven't told us what they might do.
They haven't told us their opinions yet.
They haven't made their schedule public.
They haven't lost their fighting spirit.
They haven't admitted they did that yet.
They have something else on their minds.
They have no plans for their retirement.
They had to stop to catch their breaths.
They had no time to catch their breaths.
They followed the bus on their bicycles.
They extended their stays by three days.
They earned their doctorates at Harvard.
They don't think that I did it, do they?
They didn't want to lose their licenses.
They didn't tell anybody else, did they?
They didn't see anybody they recognized.
They didn't have anything in their bags.
They didn't do what they said they'd do.
They did the only thing that they could.
They deny that they did that on purpose.
They denied that they'd stolen anything.
They denied that they agreed to do that.
They couldn't come because they're sick.
They claimed that they tried to do that.
They claim that they've never done that.
They claim that they can see the future.
They changed into their school uniforms.
They aren't wearing their glasses today.
They aren't sure they can do that again.
They aren't serious about their studies.
They aren't as witty as they used to be.
They aren't as weird as they used to be.
They aren't as tough as they used to be.
They aren't as timid as they used to be.
They aren't as scary as they used to be.
They aren't as pushy as they used to be.
They aren't as picky as they used to be.
They aren't as old as they say they are.
They aren't as nasty as they used to be.
They aren't as naive as they used to be.
They aren't as lucky as they used to be.
They aren't as heavy as they used to be.
They aren't as fussy as they used to be.
They aren't as funny as they used to be.
They aren't as crazy as they used to be.
They aren't as bossy as they used to be.
They aren't afraid to speak their minds.
They've said that they want to do that.
They've said that they need to do that.
They've said that they have to do that.
They've been told they have to do that.
They're not sure what else they can do.
They're not sure they ought to do that.
They're not sure that they can do that.
They're not going to sell their houses.
They're not as weak as they used to be.
They're not as ugly as they used to be.
They're not as tidy as they used to be.
They're not as thin as they used to be.
They're not as spry as they used to be.
They're not as slow as they used to be.
They're not as rude as they used to be.
They're not as rich as they used to be.
They're not as quick as they once were.
They're not as poor as they used to be.
They're not as nice as they used to be.
They're not as neat as they used to be.
They're not as lazy as they used to be.
They're not as happy as they should be.
They're not as fast as they used to be.
They're not as cute as they used to be.
They're not as busy as they used to be.
They're not as busy as they seem to be.
They told everyone about what they did.
They thought they'd be able to do that.
They thought they could do that for me.
They thought their houses were haunted.
They thought that they'd be safe there.
They thought that they were very lucky.
They thought that they were being cute.
They think that their house is haunted.
They talked as if they knew everything.
They swore they wouldn't do that today.
They swore they wouldn't do that again.
They swore that they'd never done that.
They suddenly realized they were wrong.
They stopped and cleared their throats.
They stayed longer than they'd planned.
They stayed longer than they should've.
They stayed longer than they needed to.
They started to take off their jackets.
They sold their house three months ago.
They showed their IDs to the bartender.
They shouted at the top of their lungs.
They shouldn't have done what they did.
They shook their heads and looked away.
They seemed to regret what they'd done.
They seem to know what they have to do.
They seem to have lost their passports.
They say they've never seen you before.
They say they've never eaten Thai food.
They say they've met you several times.
They say they've done that three times.
They say they've been asked to do that.
They say they're too old to start over.
They say they're not planning on going.
They say they're not afraid to do that.
They say they're going to stop smoking.
They say they're glad you're all right.
They say they're glad that you're here.
They say they're feeling kind of tired.
They say they're almost ready to leave.
They say they weren't surprised at all.
They say they haven't joined any clubs.
They say they believe they can do that.
They say they aren't planning on going.
They say they aren't afraid to do that.
They say that they've tried everything.
They say that they've never grown corn.
They say that they're ready to do that.
They say that they're good at swimming.
They say that they're good at juggling.
They say that they're good at baseball.
They say that they're glad you're here.
They say that they're eager to do that.
They say that they'll only talk to you.
They say that they'll do that tomorrow.
They say that they'll buy that for you.
They say that they'll be here tomorrow.
They say that they'll be busy tomorrow.
They say that they'll agree to do that.
They say that they'd never leave early.
They say that they won't need our help.
They say that they won't help us today.
They say that they won't do that today.
They say that they won't do that again.
They say that they won't do it anymore.
They say that they want to talk to you.
They say that they want to settle down.
They say that they want to lose weight.
They say that they want more than that.
They say that they remember doing that.
They say that they really like it here.
They say that they often forget things.
They say that they need to talk to you.
They say that they need more than that.
They say that they like their new jobs.
They say that they have plenty of time.
They say that they had to study French.
They say that they had to speak French.
They say that they finished doing that.
They say that they don't want to fight.
They say that they don't remember much.
They say that they don't need our help.
They say that they don't like children.
They say that they didn't study French.
They say that they didn't see anything.
They say that they did nothing illegal.
They say that they can't trust anybody.
They say that they can do that for you.
They say that they can do that already.
They say that they can already do that.
They say that they already feel better.
They said they just wanted to be loved.
They said they intended to go shopping.
They said they felt dizzy and nauseous.
They said they felt compelled to speak.
They said they couldn't believe anyone.
They said their schedules would change.
They said their houses weren't damaged.
They said that wasn't what they wanted.
They said that they don't hunt anymore.
They said that the decision was theirs.
They said everybody they know can swim.
They replied that they'd be glad to go.
They refused to admit they'd done that.
They received their doctorates in 2013.
They realized they'd said way too much.
They realized they'd been unreasonable.
They realized they couldn't to do that.
They realized that they should do that.
They realized that they had to do that.
They put their phones in their pockets.
They put their keys into their pockets.
They put their jackets on and went out.
They put their heads down on the table.
They put their hands over their mouths.
They put on their jackets and went out.
They promised to come, but they didn't.
They promised they'd take care of that.
They promised they'd help us on Monday.
They promised they'd do that this week.
They promised they'd be here on Monday.
They promised they wouldn't leave town.
They promised they won't do that today.
They promised they won't do that again.
They promised that they'd speak French.
They promised that they'd quit smoking.
They promised that they'd be back soon.
They promised that they would be there.
They promised me they'd do that for us.
They promised me they'd do that for me.
They promised me they wouldn't do that.
They promised me they wouldn't be late.
They promised me that they'd come back.
They pretended that they didn't see it.
They panicked when they heard the news.
They never told me why they didn't win.
They never explained why they did that.
They need to finish what they're doing.
They mounted their horses and rode off.
They may use our bicycles if they want.
They made their way through the jungle.
They look younger than they really are.
They look older than they actually are.
They lied about what they'd been doing.
They know what they're doing out there.
They know that I'm older than they are.
They know precisely what they're doing.
They know more than they're letting on.
They know exactly what they have to do.
They knew they'd done something stupid.
They knew that what they did was wrong.
They kept their true identities secret.
They keep saying that they're innocent.
They insisted that they didn't do that.
They heard someone calling their names.
They haven't yet bought what they need.
They haven't told me why they did that.
They haven't said what they plan to do.
They haven't bought what they need yet.
They have to finish what they're doing.
They have things they still need to do.
They have things they still have to do.
They have their reasons for doing that.
They have submitted their resignations.
They have nobody else they can rely on.
They have no one else they can rely on.
They had something else on their minds.
They had nobody to tell their story to.
They had no one to tell their story to.
They had bruises all over their bodies.
They got what they deserved in the end.
They got locked out of their dormitory.
They got almost everything they needed.
They gave their seats to the old women.
They gave no reason for their decision.
They gave away all of their belongings.
They gave all of their belongings away.
They found several T-shirts they liked.
They found an old safe in their garage.
They finished their meal and then left.
They figured they'd be able to do that.
They felt the cold rain on their faces.
They felt remorse for what they'd done.
They fell asleep with their glasses on.
They extended their stay by three days.
They explained why they didn't do that.
They don't think that it's their fault.
They didn't want to stay, but they did.
They didn't want to leave their houses.
They didn't want to help, but they did.
They didn't want to call their lawyers.
They didn't tell anyone else, did they?
They didn't seem to be happy, did they?
They didn't seem sure of their answers.
They didn't see anyone they recognized.
They didn't remember to pay their rent.
They didn't regret doing what they did.
They didn't really mean that, did they?
They didn't need to stay, but they did.
They didn't need to help, but they did.
They didn't mean to say what they said.
They didn't make their positions clear.
They didn't know who they should trust.
They didn't know where their pens were.
They didn't know how long they'd slept.
They didn't have to stay, but they did.
They didn't have to raise their voices.
They didn't have to help, but they did.
They didn't get everything they needed.
They didn't do what they said they did.
They didn't come because they got sick.
They didn't buy everything they needed.
They did whatever they felt like doing.
They did what they felt they had to do.
They did the very best that they could.
They did that as quickly as they could.
They did everything they could to help.
They definitely deserved what they got.
They couldn't remember their passwords.
They couldn't find their way back home.
They could feel the sun on their necks.
They could feel the sun on their faces.
They cleaned out their bedroom closets.
They claim they have telepathic powers.
They certainly know what they're doing.
They can't run as fast as they used to.
They can't do anything right, can they?
They can use our bicycles if they want.
They can dance fairly well, can't they?
They called to say that they'd be late.
They aren't sure what else they can do.
They aren't sure they ought to do that.
They aren't sure that they can do that.
They aren't going to sell their houses.
They aren't as weak as they used to be.
They aren't as ugly as they used to be.
They aren't as tidy as they used to be.
They aren't as thin as they used to be.
They aren't as spry as they used to be.
They aren't as slow as they used to be.
They aren't as rude as they used to be.
They aren't as rich as they used to be.
They aren't as quick as they once were.
They aren't as poor as they used to be.
They aren't as nice as they used to be.
They aren't as neat as they used to be.
They aren't as lazy as they used to be.
They aren't as happy as they should be.
They aren't as fast as they used to be.
They aren't as cute as they used to be.
They aren't as busy as they used to be.
They aren't as busy as they seem to be.
They've said they won't do that again.
They've said that they should do that.
They've promised that they'll do that.
They've been told they should do that.
They're not where I told them to wait.
They're not sure what to do, are they?
They're not sure they want to do this.
They're not sure they want to do that.
They're not sure they need to do that.
They're not sure they have to do that.
They're not picky about what they eat.
They're not going to sell their house.
They're not as shy as they used to be.
They're not as fun as they used to be.
They're not as fat as they used to be.
They're not as fast as they once were.
They wouldn't let me into their house.
They thought they were in big trouble.
They thought they should study French.
They thought they heard some gunshots.
They thought they had to study French.
They thought they had to speak French.
They thought they could do that again.
They thought that they'd forgotten it.
They thought that they'd be safe here.
They thought that they should do that.
They thought that they had to do that.
They think that their legs are broken.
They think I don't know what they did.
They tapped their fingers impatiently.
They swore they'd never do that again.
They swore they wouldn't ever do that.
They swore that they wouldn't do that.
They swear they won't do that anymore.
They stuck their heads out the window.
They still hope that they can do that.
They still haven't said they're sorry.
They soon realized they weren't alone.
They sometimes put honey in their tea.
They slammed their fists on the table.
They should've stayed where they were.
They should've kept their mouths shut.
They shook their fists in frustration.
They seldom put sugar in their coffee.
They seem to know what they should do.
They seem to have lost their patience.
They say they've never studied French.
They say they've done that many times.
They say they've been advised to stay.
They say they're tired of watching TV.
They say they're still planning to go.
They say they're not ready to give up.
They say they're not ready to do that.
They say they're not going to do that.
They say they're not coming back here.
They say they're not afraid of ghosts.
They say they're going to beat you up.
They say they're feeling better today.
They say they're eager to participate.
They say they'll never come back here.
They say they'll do whatever they can.
They say they'll do what they need to.
They say they'll do what they have to.
They say they'd be willing to help us.
They say they won't come to our party.
They say they were asked to come here.
They say they were absolutely stunned.
They say they were abducted by aliens.
They say they never wanted to do that.
They say they may not have to do that.
They say they know what they're doing.
They say they have no plan to do that.
They say they have no idea what to do.
They say they didn't agree to do that.
They say they can't walk another step.
They say they can do that blindfolded.
They say they aren't ready to give up.
They say they aren't ready to do that.
They say they aren't going to do that.
They say they aren't coming back here.
They say they aren't afraid of ghosts.
They say that've cut down on drinking.
They say that they've never done that.
They say that they've lost their keys.
They say that they're willing to help.
They say that they're very happy here.
They say that they're studying French.
They say that they're not ready to go.
They say that they're good at cooking.
They say that they're going to resign.
They say that they'll stay for dinner.
They say that they'll quit doing that.
They say that they'll need to do that.
They say that they'll leave on Monday.
They say that they'll keep doing that.
They say that they'll have to do that.
They say that they'll do that someday.
They say that they'll do that for you.
They say that they'll be busy tonight.
They say that they'd hurt their backs.
They say that they would've paid more.
They say that they won't study French.
They say that they won't speak French.
They say that they won't ever do that.
They say that they won't buy any beer.
They say that they weren't being paid.
They say that they saw something else.
They say that they plan on doing that.
They say that they like horror movies.
They say that they have nothing to do.
They say that they followed the rules.
They say that they don't study French.
They say that they don't speak French.
They say that they don't ever do that.
They say that they didn't see anybody.
They say that they did that last week.
They say that they declined that deal.
They say that they can't speak French.
They say that they can't eat any more.
They say that they aren't ready to go.
They say that someday they'll do that.
They say everybody they know can swim.
They sang one of the songs they wrote.
They said they think we could do that.
They said they spoke French last week.
They said their schedules had changed.
They said their schedule would change.
They said their houses weren't locked.
They said their house wasn't for sale.
They said their goals haven't changed.
They said the earthquake woke them up.
They said that you were their friends.
They said that they don't care at all.
They said that their house was locked.
They said that their efforts paid off.
They said more than they'd planned to.
They said it wasn't them who did that.
They said everyone they know can swim.
They regretted everything they'd done.
They refused to tell us what they did.
They realized that they might be late.
They realized that they had no choice.
They realized that they couldn't talk.
They rarely talk about their problems.
They ran out of gas on their way here.
They put their sneakers in their bags.
They put their cups down on the table.
They put their backpacks on the table.
They put new locks on all their doors.
They pulled the masks off their faces.
They promised they'd go straight home.
They promised they'd do that tomorrow.
They promised they won't do that here.
They promised that they'd wait for us.
They promised that they'd check on it.
They promised that they would do that.
They promised that they won't do that.
They promised me they'd do that today.
They promised me they'd clean my room.
They play tennis as often as they can.
They plan to appeal their convictions.
They pitched their tents next to mine.
They pawned the jewelry they'd stolen.
They paid back the money they owed me.
They only do what they're asked to do.
They only do that when they're sleepy.
They obviously got what they came for.
They never talk about their childhood.
They never said what you say they did.
They needed somebody they could trust.
They need to lower their expectations.
They need to finish what they started.
They must've forgotten their promises.
They must be going out of their minds.
They moved in with their grandparents.
They might've eaten on their way home.
They may talk to whoever they want to.
They may speak French if they want to.
They may not be as happy as they seem.
They may not be as happy as they look.
They may do that wherever they choose.
They may do that anywhere they choose.
They may come with us if they want to.
They made their positions quite clear.
They lost the key to their hotel room.
They looked like they'd been drinking.
They looked like they could've helped.
They looked down at their dirty shoes.
They look like they're self-conscious.
They look like they're about to faint.
They look healthier than they used to.
They lied about how much they weighed.
They laid their rackets on the ground.
They know what they're supposed to do.
They know there's no way they can win.
They know exactly what they should do.
They knew where they'd put their keys.
They knew they'd done something wrong.
They knew they didn't need to do that.
They knew they didn't have to do that.
They knew that they'd have to do that.
They knew that they wouldn't be fired.
They knew that they shouldn't do that.
They knew that they needed to do that.
They knew exactly what they had to do.
They keep their doors locked at night.
They just told us that they got fired.
They just got their learner's permits.
They just got their driver's licenses.
They just do what they're asked to do.
They insist they're telling the truth.
They hurt their elbows when they fell.
They hurried so they wouldn't be late.
They hoped that they'd be able to win.
They hope that they'll be able to win.
They hope that they won't be deported.
They hid the money in their basements.
They held up their end of the bargain.
They haven't yet bought their tickets.
They haven't violated their contracts.
They haven't painted their houses yet.
They haven't finished their lunch yet.
They haven't bought their tickets yet.
They have some things they have to do.
They have shown they can't be trusted.
They have scars all over their bodies.
They have other things on their minds.
They had to have their legs amputated.
They had their wisdom teeth taken out.
They had their sweaters on inside out.
They had their reasons for doing that.
They had their T-shirts on inside out.
They had some tricks up their sleeves.
They had no right to do what they did.
They had annoyed looks on their faces.
They greeted their guests at the door.
They grabbed their backpacks and left.
They got the punishment they deserved.
They got paid more than they expected.
They got on their bikes and rode away.
They got excited when they heard that.
They got exactly what they wished for.
They glanced in their rearview mirror.
They gave this to me before they died.
They gambled away everything they had.
They found their new jobs interesting.
They found their hats and put them on.
They forgot to set their alarm clocks.
They felt uncomfortable, so they left.
They felt they needed to do something.
They felt their hearts beating faster.
They felt like they could do anything.
They failed because they didn't study.
They don't want to call their lawyers.
They don't realize what they're doing.
They don't realize how lucky they are.
They don't know what they have to buy.
They do everything they're told to do.
They dipped their toes into the water.
They didn't waste much time, did they?
They didn't want to sell their houses.
They didn't want to leave their house.
They didn't want to do that, did they?
They didn't want to call their lawyer.
They didn't want their pictures taken.
They didn't tell me why they did that.
They didn't tell me where they'd been.
They didn't seem very tired, did they?
They didn't seem very happy, did they?
They didn't seem very angry, did they?
They didn't say what you say they did.
They didn't realize they had to leave.
They didn't pay their rent last month.
They didn't need to do that, did they?
They didn't mention where they'd gone.
They didn't mention where they'd been.
They didn't mean to do that, did they?
They didn't make their position clear.
They didn't let me in on their secret.
They didn't know who they could trust.
They didn't know where they should go.
They didn't know what they should say.
They didn't keep their promises to me.
They didn't have to do that, did they?
They didn't do what you said they did.
They didn't do what they say they did.
They didn't do what they needed to do.
They didn't do what I told them to do.
They didn't do so well on their tests.
They didn't dare to open their mouths.
They did whatever we asked them to do.
They did what they promised they'd do.
They did what they believed was right.
They did the right thing, didn't they?
They did the only thing they could do.
They did that until the day they died.
They did that on purpose, didn't they?
They did exactly as I told them to do.
They deserved the punishment they got.
They deny that they paid ransom money.
They deny that they agreed to do that.
They denied that they stole the money.
They couldn't believe what they heard.
They couldn't believe their good luck.
They could've won if they'd wanted to.
They could get fired if they did that.
They could buy everything they needed.
They claimed that they didn't do that.
They claim they haven't yet been paid.
They claim they haven't been paid yet.
They claim they acted in self defense.
They claim that they've taught French.
They claim that they saw the accident.
They claim that they can speak French.
They changed the locks on their doors.
They certainly look like they're rich.
They can't read without their glasses.
They can't just do whatever they want.
They can't just do anything they want.
They can't believe what they just saw.
They can stay with us if they want to.
They can stay as long as they want to.
They can rest as long as they want to.
They can do that wherever they choose.
They can do that anywhere they choose.
They can come with us if they want to.
They can be helpful when they want to.
They called to tell me they'd be late.
They brushed the dirt off their jeans.
They brought their guests some drinks.
They believed that they could do that.
They aren't where I told them to wait.
They aren't very good at what they do.
They aren't sure what to do, are they?
They aren't sure they want to do this.
They aren't sure they want to do that.
They aren't sure they need to do that.
They aren't sure they have to do that.
They aren't picky about what they eat.
They aren't going to sell their house.
They aren't as shy as they used to be.
They aren't as fun as they used to be.
They aren't as fat as they used to be.
They aren't as fast as they once were.
They've sold the rest of their books.
They've said that they won't do that.
They've said that they can't do that.
They've been told they have to leave.
They've been told they can't do that.
They're not sure what they should do.
They're not sure what they did wrong.
They're not sure they should do that.
They're not sure how much they drank.
They're not like people say they are.
They're not ashamed of what they did.
They're not as innocent as they seem.
They thought their house was haunted.
They thought that they might do that.
They thought that they could help us.
They thought that they could do that.
They swore they'd never hit me again.
They swore they wouldn't leave early.
They swore that they'd never do that.
They swore that they'd do that today.
They suddenly rose from their chairs.
They stopped taking their medication.
They still do that whenever they can.
They stay in motels when they travel.
They started packing their things up.
They started packing their backpacks.
They spent their summer on the beach.
They soon realized they were trapped.
They sometimes eat in their bedrooms.
They sold everything that they owned.
They smiled as they took their seats.
They sing well, but they can't dance.
They showed their photo albums to us.
They showed their photo albums to me.
They should've filled up their tanks.
They seldom forget to pay their rent.
They seemed to be happy, didn't they?
They seemed quite happy, didn't they?
They say they've never taught French.
They say they've never been arrested.
They say they're too busy to do that.
They say they're tired of doing that.
They say they're prepared to do that.
They say they're planning to do that.
They say they're not able to do that.
They say they're here to support you.
They say they're feeling very sleepy.
They say they'll never do that again.
They say they'd like to study French.
They say they won't go there anymore.
They say they won't do that tomorrow.
They say they won't buy that for you.
They say they won't be here tomorrow.
They say they won't be busy tomorrow.
They say they won't agree to do that.
They say they want to be buried here.
They say they want their things back.
They say they still can't believe it.
They say they spoke without thinking.
They say they never lock their doors.
They say they needed to study French.
They say they have no concrete plans.
They say they feel taken for granted.
They say they feel obligated to help.
They say they didn't want to do that.
They say they didn't plan to do that.
They say they didn't need to do that.
They say they didn't know what to do.
They say they didn't have to do that.
They say they did that for the money.
They say they can't walk any further.
They say they can't stand doing that.
They say they can predict the future.
They say they aren't able to do that.
They say they actually enjoy dancing.
They say that they've heard you sing.
They say that they're planning to go.
They say that they're not sleepy yet.
They say that they're not interested.
They say that they're not hungry yet.
They say that they're not happy here.
They say that they're good at French.
They say that they're getting hungry.
They say that they'll think about it.
They say that they'll never go again.
They say that they'll do that for me.
They say that they'll come righ away.
They say that they'll call you later.
They say that they'd love to do that.
They say that they'd like to do that.
They say that they won't get married.
They say that they want to walk home.
They say that they want to come, too.
They say that they shouldn't do that.
They say that they regret doing that.
They say that they needed to do that.
They say that they might go shopping.
They say that they like Chinese food.
They say that they intend to do that.
They say that they hope that you win.
They say that they feel the same way.
They say that they don't care at all.
They say that they did nothing wrong.
They say that they can't do that yet.
They say that they can help us today.
They say that they can do that today.
They say that they believe in ghosts.
They say that they aren't sleepy yet.
They say that they aren't interested.
They say that they aren't hungry yet.
They say that they aren't happy here.
They say that they agreed to do that.
They say everyone they know can swim.
They save over 80% of what they earn.
They said they think it's impossible.
They said they just couldn't do that.
They said they felt extremely guilty.
They said they don't work on Mondays.
They said they don't want to do that.
They said they don't plan to do that.
They said they don't mind doing that.
They said they don't like to do that.
They said they don't like doing that.
They said they don't know what to do.
They said they don't do that anymore.
They said their schedule has changed.
They said their house wasn't damaged.
They said the explosion woke them up.
They said that you were their friend.
They said that you told them to wait.
They said that they think we can win.
They said that they don't plan to go.
They said that their backs were sore.
They realized they shouldn't do that.
They realized they needed to do that.
They realized that they had to leave.
They put you up to this, didn't they?
They put too much sugar in their tea.
They put their rackets on the ground.
They put their keys in their pockets.
They put their hats back on and left.
They put their fingers to their lips.
They put their books in their locker.
They promised they'd be more careful.
They promised that they'd be on time.
They promised that they wouldn't cry.
They promised me they'd study French.
They promised me that they'd do that.
They promised me that they'd be here.
They pretended that they didn't care.
They poke their nose into everything.
They pledged their continued support.
They pitched their tent next to mine.
They only do that when they're upset.
They only do that when they're tired.
They only do that when they're drunk.
They only do that when they're angry.
They often don't keep their promises.
They nodded their heads in agreement.
They never told me why they did that.
They never told me where they worked.
They never talk about their feelings.
They never take off their sunglasses.
They never did what you say they did.
They never denied that they did that.
They needed someone they could trust.
They must've gotten over their colds.
They must've forgotten their promise.
They must still be in their thirties.
They mostly talked about their trips.
They might've eaten before they came.
They might help if you asked them to.
They might get fired if they do that.
They might get fined if they do that.
They may take all the time they need.
They may not be as rich as they seem.
They may not be as busy as they seem.
They may go with you if they want to.
They may get injured if they do that.
They made their position quite clear.
They lost what little money they had.
They looked tired when they got home.
They look older than they really are.
They look like they're up to no good.
They look like they're uncomfortable.
They look like they're ready to work.
They like to watch TV while they eat.
They like their coffee without sugar.
They like me more than they like you.
They know exactly what they're doing.
They knew that they ought to do that.
They knew that they had to apologize.
They knew that they couldn't do that.
They kicked the snow off their boots.
They keep their bedroom doors locked.
They just do what they're told to do.
They insisted that they didn't do it.
They hung their diplomas on the wall.
They hoped they'd be able to do that.
They hoped they wouldn't be too late.
They hoped they wouldn't be captured.
They hope they'll be able to do that.
They hope they won't be disqualified.
They hope that they won't be demoted.
They hid the money in their basement.
They help whoever asks them for help.
They heard somebody yell their names.
They haven't yet made up their minds.
They haven't violated their contract.
They haven't said what they might do.
They haven't painted their house yet.
They haven't made up their minds yet.
They haven't finished their training.
They have three cars in their garage.
They have something they want to say.
They have no one to give them advice.
They have no idea how lucky they are.
They had to pay their rent yesterday.
They had other things on their minds.
They had one of their legs amputated.
They had no idea what they should do.
They had burns all over their bodies.
They got you in trouble, didn't they?
They got exactly what they asked for.
They got angry when I told them that.
They get to do whatever they want to.
They gave everything they owned away.
They gave away everything they owned.
They gave $to each of their sons.
They found their keys under the sofa.
They forgot to renew their passports.
They forgot to pay their phone bills.
They forgot to bring their swimsuits.
They forgot their trumpets at school.
They folded their T-shirts carefully.
They filled their glasses with water.
They figured they couldn't afford it.
They figured that they could do that.
They felt they needed to make amends.
They explained their reasons clearly.
They explained their plans in detail.
They eat steak every chance they get.
They earned their doctorates in 2013.
They don't want to call their lawyer.
They don't want their pictures taken.
They don't use salt in their cooking.
They don't realize what they've done.
They don't often admit they're wrong.
They don't look like they're unhappy.
They don't like milk in their coffee.
They don't know where they should go.
They don't know where their keys are.
They don't know what they're missing.
They don't know what they have to do.
They don't feel they have to do that.
They don't celebrate their birthdays.
They don't believe that they can win.
They do whatever they're asked to do.
They didn't want to sell their house.
They didn't want to go, but they did.
They didn't want their picture taken.
They didn't tell me where they lived.
They didn't seem very busy, did they?
They didn't say who they'd gone with.
They didn't need to go, but they did.
They didn't mention what they'd done.
They didn't look up from their books.
They didn't know when they'd be back.
They didn't know what they should do.
They didn't know what they had to do.
They didn't know how they could help.
They didn't invite me to their party.
They didn't get what they wished for.
They didn't do what you say they did.
They didn't deny they didn't do that.
They didn't buy what I asked them to.
They did what we expected them to do.
They did what they'd been told to do.
They did what they thought was right.
They did the best that they could do.
They did that very fast, didn't they?
They did that the way I told them to.
They did that because I told them to.
They did that as often as they could.
They did it as quickly as they could.
They definitely meant what they said.
They dangled their feet in the water.
They cried when they heard the story.
They couldn't hide their frustration.
They couldn't do what they had to do.
They couldn't control their emotions.
They couldn't believe their bad luck.
They could've fallen to their deaths.
They could no longer hide their fear.
They could hardly believe their luck.
They could get hurt if they did that.
They could do what they needed to do.
They completed their degrees in 2013.
They claimed they've never done that.
They claimed they'd been brainwashed.
They claimed that they could do that.
They claim they've done that already.
They claim they've already done that.
They change their minds all the time.
They can't see without their glasses.
They can't come because they're sick.
They can leave early if they want to.
They came out of their hiding places.
They burned all of their possessions.
They brushed the snow off their hats.
They aren't sure what they should do.
They aren't sure what they did wrong.
They aren't sure they should do that.
They aren't sure how much they drank.
They aren't like people say they are.
They aren't ashamed of what they did.
They aren't as innocent as they seem.
They've said they intend to do that.
They've had about all they can take.
They've assured me they'll be there.
They're not wearing their seatbelts.
They're not wearing their new coats.
They're not wearing their lab coats.
They're not sure that they're ready.
They're not doing the best they can.
They're not big, but they're strong.
They threw their old notebooks away.
They thought they'd find other jobs.
They thought they were going to win.
They thought they were going to die.
They thought they shouldn't do that.
They thought they needed to do that.
They thought they might be able win.
They thought their legs were broken.
They thought that I'd let them down.
They think their houses are haunted.
They talk like they know everything.
They take good care of their horses.
They swore that they'd quit smoking.
They swore that they didn't do that.
They swear they won't do that again.
They swear that they didn't do that.
They straightened up their bedrooms.
They stopped to catch their breaths.
They stayed longer than they needed.
They stayed longer than they had to.
They started to pack up their stuff.
They started to empty their pockets.
They sometimes eat in their bedroom.
They showed their photo album to us.
They showed their photo album to me.
They showed the bartender their IDs.
They should've filled up their tank.
They should do that if they want to.
They shook their heads in disbelief.
They seemed very tired, didn't they?
They seemed very angry, didn't they?
They seemed quite busy, didn't they?
They screamed as loud as they could.
They say they've never won anything.
They say they've done nothing wrong.
They say they've been asked to stay.
They say they've been asked to help.
They say they're willing to help us.
They say they're too tired to study.
They say they're too old to do that.
They say they're not planning to go.
They say they're not having any fun.
They say they're good at doing that.
They say they're feeling very tired.
They say they're feeling better now.
They say they'll study French today.
They say they'll pay for everything.
They say they'll get home on Monday.
They say they'd never do that again.
They say they'd be happy to do that.
They say they won't wait any longer.
They say they won't need to do that.
They say they won't help us do that.
They say they won't have to do that.
They say they won't do that for you.
They say they won't do that anymore.
They say they want to talk with you.
They say they want to quit the band.
They say they want to go to Harvard.
They say they want to go home early.
They say they want to do that today.
They say they want something to eat.
They say they understood everything.
They say they saw something strange.
They say they plan to take pictures.
They say they only eat organic food.
They say they never lock their door.
They say they need to talk with you.
They say they need my help tomorrow.
They say they need another computer.
They say they know why you did that.
They say they just want to be happy.
They say they hope that you do that.
They say they have plans to do that.
They say they have other priorities.
They say they found it on the bench.
They say they feel comfortable here.
They say they enjoy teaching French.
They say they enjoy studying French.
They say they enjoy speaking French.
They say they don't wish to do that.
They say they don't want to do that.
They say they don't plan to do that.
They say they don't need to do that.
They say they don't like to do that.
They say they don't like doing that.
They say they don't know what to do.
They say they don't know the answer.
They say they don't know any French.
They say they don't have to do that.
They say they don't feel well today.
They say they don't do that anymore.
They say they didn't have insurance.
They say they can't wait any longer.
They say they can't stay for dinner.
They say they can't remember things.
They say they can't find their hats.
They say they can't believe anybody.
They say they aren't planning to go.
They say they aren't having any fun.
They say they always do it this way.
They say that they've taught French.
They say that they're ready to help.
They say that they're pretty hungry.
They say that they're not tired yet.
They say that they're not giving up.
They say that they're not concerned.
They say that they're good at chess.
They say that they're feeling tired.
They say that they'll never give up.
They say that they'll never do that.
They say that they'll help us today.
They say that they'll do that today.
They say that they'll do that later.
They say that they'll do that again.
They say that they'll come tomorrow.
They say that they'd rather go home.
They say that they wouldn't do that.
They say that they want to meet you.
They say that they want to help you.
They say that they ought to do that.
They say that they need another car.
They say that they hope you do that.
They say that they feel like crying.
They say that they enjoy doing that.
They say that they don't want to go.
They say that they don't need money.
They say that they don't like money.
They say that they don't feel tired.
They say that they can fix anything.
They say that they aren't tired yet.
They say that they aren't giving up.
They say that they aren't concerned.
They said what they intended to say.
They said they think they won't win.
They said they don't want to retire.
They said their stomachs still hurt.
They said their house wasn't locked.
They said the gunshots woke them up.
They said that wasn't their problem.
They said that they liked good wine.
They said that they don't want this.
They said that they don't feel well.
They said more than they'd intended.
They ride their bicycles everywhere.
They repeated what they'd just said.
They really scared you, didn't they?
They really know what they're doing.
They really are stupid, aren't they?
They realized they ought to do that.
They ran home as fast as they could.
They put their heads out the window.
They put their glasses of wine down.
They put their bags under the table.
They put down their glasses of wine.
They put clean sheets on their beds.
They promised you that, didn't they?
They promised they'd do that for us.
They promised they'd do that for me.
They promised they wouldn't do that.
They promised they wouldn't be late.
They practiced their scales all day.
They plan to retire when they're 65.
They overslept and missed their bus.
They ought to talk to their lawyers.
They only do what I tell them to do.
They often swear when they're angry.
They often forget to pay their rent.
They never told me where they lived.
They never forgot to pay their rent.
They never forget to pay their rent.
They need somebody they could trust.
They need all the help they can get.
They must realize what they've done.
They must pay for what they've done.
They moved as quickly as they could.
They mostly talked about their trip.
They might still change their minds.
They might get hurt if they do that.
They may leave anytime they want to.
They may do that wherever they want.
They may do that anywhere they want.
They managed to control their anger.
They make enough to pay their bills.
They made up their minds to do that.
They lost my respect when they quit.
They looked like they'd been crying.
They look like they're going to cry.
They look like they're discontented.
They look like they're disappointed.
They look like they're about to cry.
They look like they'd like to leave.
They look like they don't feel well.
They leaned forward in their chairs.
They later died from their injuries.
They know what they're getting into.
They knew they wouldn't be replaced.
They knew they wouldn't be punished.
They knew they wouldn't be expelled.
They knew they wouldn't be arrested.
They knew they needed to leave town.
They knew they had no time to spare.
They knew they couldn't be replaced.
They knew that they'd said too much.
They just changed their minds again.
They just can't make up their minds.
They invite me to all their parties.
They insisted they wouldn't do that.
They insisted that they acted alone.
They informed me of their decisions.
They hurt their arms when they fell.
They hired me to paint their houses.
They held their hats in their hands.
They heard their names being called.
They heard someone yell their names.
They haven't opened their books yet.
They haven't been paying their rent.
They have something they need to do.
They have problems with their backs.
They have no money in their pockets.
They have more money than they need.
They have everything that they want.
They have everything that they need.
They hardly ever lose their tempers.
They handed their keys to the valet.
They had trouble finding their keys.
They had their wisdom teeth removed.
They had their houses painted white.
They got up to put their jackets on.
They got up to put on their jackets.
They got rid of their old computers.
They got exactly what they deserved.
They gave some oats to their horses.
They gave it to me before they died.
They forgot to pay their phone bill.
They filled their glasses with wine.
They filled their buckets with sand.
They filled their bags with walnuts.
They felt they had to say something.
They felt like they'd been betrayed.
They expressed their disappointment.
They explained their plan in detail.
They eventually changed their minds.
They eat only what they want to eat.
They drowned in their swimming pool.
They don't yet know what they'll do.
They don't want to sell their farms.
They don't want their picture taken.
They don't think it was their fault.
They don't remember their passwords.
They don't look like they're lonely.
They don't know where they're going.
They don't know what they're saying.
They don't know what they'll do yet.
They don't know what they should do.
They don't know I wish they'd leave.
They don't believe they can do that.
They do whatever we tell them to do.
They do that even when they're sick.
They do anything we tell them to do.
They didn't tell me where they went.
They didn't pay their taxes on time.
They didn't eat breakfast, did they?
They didn't do that again, did they?
They didn't deny that they did that.
They didn't care if they won or not.
They didn't believe what they heard.
They did what I expected them to do.
They did their duty, and I did mine.
They did that as soon as they could.
They did that as fast as they could.
They denied they'd stolen the money.
They decided to keep their distance.
They cut the rope with their knives.
They couldn't take their gloves off.
They couldn't take off their gloves.
They couldn't hide their excitement.
They couldn't control their tempers.
They couldn't believe what they saw.
They consulted with their attorneys.
They claimed that they've done that.
They claimed that they didn't do it.
They claim they have psychic powers.
They claim they had second thoughts.
They claim that they don't remember.
They claim that they didn't do that.
They certainly think they're clever.
They carefully took off their masks.
They can't swim very well, can they?
They can do that wherever they want.
They can do that anywhere they want.
They can come, too, if they want to.
They came out of their hiding place.
They bragged about what they'd done.
They bought what they needed to buy.
They aren't wearing their seatbelts.
They aren't wearing their new coats.
They aren't wearing their lab coats.
They aren't sure that they're ready.
They aren't doing the best they can.
They aren't big, but they're strong.
They've vowed that they'll do that.
They've paid back what they owe us.
They've had their houses repainted.
They've got things they need to do.
They've assured me they'll do that.
They're not wearing their uniforms.
They're not used to their new jobs.
They're not sure that they can win.
They're not sure how they got here.
They're not as stupid as they seem.
They thought they'd be able to win.
They thought they must be mistaken.
They thought their legs was broken.
They take good care of their horse.
They swore that they were innocent.
They swear that they won't do that.
They straightened up their bedroom.
They stopped taking their medicine.
They still say they don't blame me.
They still haven't paid their rent.
They still deny that they did that.
They spent the night in their vans.
They soon realized they were alone.
They sold their house for $300,000.
They slowly rose from their chairs.
They sleep with their windows open.
They showed their portfolios to me.
They showed me where they found it.
They shouted as loud as they could.
They should keep their mouths shut.
They shook their heads and laughed.
They say they've never eaten sushi.
They say they've never coming back.
They say they've done that already.
They say they've been told to stay.
They say they've already done that.
They say they're working very hard.
They say they're planning on going.
They say they're hoping to do that.
They say they're afraid to do that.
They say they'll never leave early.
They say they'll never do it again.
They say they'll keep working hard.
They say they'll do whatever we do.
They say they'll do that on Monday.
They say they'll come to the party.
They say they'd rather not do that.
They say they want to study French.
They say they want to speak to you.
They say they want to speak French.
They say they want to learn French.
They say they want to do that, too.
They say they want to come with us.
They say they used to teach French.
They say they used to study French.
They say they plan to study French.
They say they need to study French.
They say they need to do that, too.
They say they like teaching French.
They say they like studying French.
They say they like speaking French.
They say they have to work tonight.
They say they have to study French.
They say they have to speak French.
They say they have nothing to hide.
They say they have no other choice.
They say they feel much better now.
They say they feel like doing that.
They say they don't have insurance.
They say they didn't know about it.
They say they did it for the money.
They say they definitely won't win.
They say they come here every year.
They say they can't wait that long.
They say they can't go any further.
They say they can't believe anyone.
They say they believe they can win.
They say they also want to do that.
They say they also need to do that.
They say they also have to do that.
They say that they're still hungry.
They say that they're really sorry.
They say that they're not done yet.
They say that they're disappointed.
They say that they'll do just that.
They say that they'd rather not go.
They say that they'd never do that.
They say that they won't come back.
They say that they want to help us.
They say that they want to do that.
They say that they used to do that.
They say that they still need help.
They say that they plan to do that.
They say that they need to do that.
They say that they need time alone.
They say that they lost their keys.
They say that they like to do that.
They say that they like doing that.
They say that they have to do that.
They say that they have no regrets.
They say that they have experience.
They say that they feel better now.
They say that they dream in French.
They say that they can't stay long.
They say that they can't sing well.
They say that they can write songs.
They say that they can change that.
They say that they aren't done yet.
They said you wouldn't let them in.
They said they think it's possible.
They said they don't smoke anymore.
They said they don't plan on going.
They said their houses were locked.
They said that they liked swimming.
They said that they don't eat pork.
They said that they don't eat meat.
They said more than they should've.
They said it was them who did that.
They rode their bikes to the store.
They rode their bicycles to school.
They ride their bicycles to school.
They ride their bicycles every day.
They returned to their hotel rooms.
They refused to change their minds.
They reflected on what they'd done.
They realize they're being ignored.
They put their books in their bags.
They put their bags on the counter.
They put something in their mouths.
They promised they'd keep in touch.
They promised that they'd be there.
They promised me they'd come early.
They promised me they wouldn't cry.
They promised me that they'd do it.
They pretended they didn't know me.
They played on their college teams.
They picked up their bags and left.
They picked their bags up and left.
They paused to catch their breaths.
They ought to talk to their lawyer.
They only swear when they're angry.
They now know what they have to do.
They never came out of their comas.
They nervously shuffled their feet.
They needed help doing their taxes.
They need to talk to their lawyers.
They need to take their medication.
They need to renew their passports.
They need to regain their strength.
They need to change their behavior.
They need someone they could trust.
They may talk to whoever they want.
They may speak French if they want.
They may speak French if they like.
They may get fined if they do that.
They may do that if they'd like to.
They may do that however they like.
They may do that any way they like.
They made up their minds weeks ago.
They looked up from their notepads.
They look like they've lost weight.
They look like they've been crying.
They look like they're unimpressed.
They look like they're unconvinced.
They look like they're unconscious.
They look like they're unconcerned.
They look like they're intoxicated.
They look like they're half asleep.
They look like they're embarrassed.
They look like they're discouraged.
They lied about where they grew up.
They left their trumpets at school.
They left their houses before dawn.
They leave their radios on all day.
They know what they're looking for.
They know what they're going to do.
They knew they should study French.
They knew they had to do something.
They knew they had nothing to lose.
They knew that they'd have to wait.
They knew that they'd been tricked.
They knew that they should do that.
They knew that they had to do that.
They kept their end of the bargain.
They informed me of their decision.
They hoped that they could do that.
They hope they don't botch the job.
They hired me to paint their house.
They helped you today, didn't they?
They helped us out when they could.
They held up their end of the deal.
They held their breaths and waited.
They haven't yet sold their houses.
They haven't sold their houses yet.
They haven't lost their confidence.
They have to take their medication.
They have to renew their passports.
They have to pay for what they did.
They had their house painted white.
They got yelled at by their bosses.
They got rid of their old computer.
They got rid of their old bicycles.
They got everything they asked for.
They got back on their motorcycles.
They go swimming whenever they can.
They gave me this before they died.
They gathered their stuff and left.
They found the watches they'd lost.
They forgot to turn their mics off.
They felt they had to do something.
They failed to keep their promises.
They extinguished their cigarettes.
They explained their reasons to me.
They eat hotdogs whenever they can.
They don't waste any time, do they?
They don't want you to go, do they?
They don't want to sell their land.
They don't want to sell their farm.
They don't think before they speak.
They don't think I did it, do they?
They don't talk to their neighbors.
They don't seem too happy, do they?
They don't seem that busy, do they?
They don't really do that, do they?
They don't look too happy, do they?
They don't look like they're tired.
They don't look like they're happy.
They don't know what they're doing.
They don't know how lucky they are.
They don't have what they want yet.
They don't give up easily, do they?
They do whatever we ask them to do.
They do that every chance they get.
They do everything we tell them to.
They do everything they're told to.
They didn't want us at their party.
They didn't say when they'd return.
They didn't say anything, did they?
They didn't resign. They got fired.
They didn't regret their decisions.
They didn't mention who they'd met.
They didn't hurt anybody, did they?
They didn't do what they had to do.
They didn't complete their degrees.
They did what you asked them to do.
They did what we wanted them to do.
They did what they'd planned to do.
They did what they felt like doing.
They did the only thing they could.
They did everything I told them to.
They did do what you said they did.
They did all they could do to help.
They deny they did that on purpose.
They denied they'd stolen anything.
They denied they agreed to do that.
They couldn't take their socks off.
They couldn't take off their socks.
They couldn't get their gloves off.
They couldn't find their passports.
They couldn't buy what they needed.
They continued their investigation.
They consulted with their attorney.
They claimed they tried to do that.
They claimed that they acted alone.
They claim they've never done that.
They claim they can see the future.
They claim that they're telepathic.
They can stay with us if they like.
They can stay with me if they want.
They can stay as long as they like.
They can say what they want to say.
They can rest as long as they want.
They can have everything they want.
They can do that however they like.
They can do that any way they like.
They burned all of their old books.
They bought everything they needed.
They both reached for their phones.
They believe that they can do that.
They aren't wearing their uniforms.
They aren't used to their new jobs.
They aren't sure that they can win.
They aren't sure how they got here.
They aren't as stupid as they seem.
They've woken up from their comas.
They've shown us what they can do.
They've said they want to do that.
They've said they need to do that.
They've said they have to do that.
They've said that they'll do that.
They've left, but they'll be back.
They've had their house repainted.
They're not where they want to be.
They're not wearing their glasses.
They're not sure why they're here.
They're not sure they can do that.
They're not sure if they're right.
They're not as young as they look.
They're not as tough as they seem.
They're not as tough as they look.
They're not as smart as they look.
They're not as good as they think.
They tied their boats to the dock.
They thought they'd be safe there.
They thought they were very lucky.
They thought they were being cute.
They thought that they'd help out.
They thought that they were dying.
They think their house is haunted.
They swore they'd never done that.
They suddenly changed their minds.
They struggled to pay their bills.
They stopped what they were doing.
They still hope that they can win.
They still don't do that, do they?
They stayed as long as they could.
They spoke with their supervisors.
They spoke with their mouths full.
They spilled wine on their shirts.
They spilled soup on their shirts.
They spent the night in their van.
They sounded like they were upset.
They sold all of their belongings.
They smiled and shook their heads.
They slumped back in their chairs.
They sleep with their window open.
They sighed and shook their heads.
They showed us their photo albums.
They showed their schedules to me.
They showed me their photo albums.
They should talk to their lawyers.
They should take their medication.
They shook their heads in disgust.
They shook their heads and smiled.
They seem to have lost their keys.
They say they've tried everything.
They say they've never grown corn.
They say they're ready to do that.
They say they're good at swimming.
They say they're good at juggling.
They say they're good at baseball.
They say they're glad you're here.
They say they're eager to do that.
They say they'll only talk to you.
They say they'll do that tomorrow.
They say they'll buy that for you.
They say they'll be here tomorrow.
They say they'll be busy tomorrow.
They say they'll agree to do that.
They say they'd never leave early.
They say they won't need our help.
They say they won't help us today.
They say they won't do that today.
They say they won't do that again.
They say they won't do it anymore.
They say they want to talk to you.
They say they want to settle down.
They say they want to lose weight.
They say they want more than that.
They say they remember doing that.
They say they really like it here.
They say they often forget things.
They say they need to talk to you.
They say they need more than that.
They say they like their new jobs.
They say they have plenty of time.
They say they had to study French.
They say they had to speak French.
They say they finished doing that.
They say they don't want to fight.
They say they don't remember much.
They say they don't need our help.
They say they don't like children.
They say they didn't study French.
They say they didn't see anything.
They say they did nothing illegal.
They say they can't trust anybody.
They say they can do that for you.
They say they can do that already.
They say they can already do that.
They say they already feel better.
They say that they've never cried.
They say that they're very hungry.
They say that they're ready to go.
They say that they're not worried.
They say that they're not thirsty.
They say that they'll wait for us.
They say that they won't ever win.
They say that they want to change.
They say that they studied French.
They say that they should do that.
They say that they seldom do that.
They say that they saw everything.
They say that they never did that.
They say that they need more time.
They say that they like marigolds.
They say that they have no choice.
They say that they had to do that.
They say that they don't ever win.
They say that they don't blame us.
They say that they didn't do that.
They say that they can't eat nuts.
They say that they can see ghosts.
They say that they can pay for it.
They say that they aren't worried.
They say that they aren't thirsty.
They said they don't hunt anymore.
They said the decision was theirs.
They said that they don't do that.
They said that their bus was late.
They said that it was their fault.
They returned to their hotel room.
They replied they'd be glad to go.
They reluctantly took their seats.
They recently dyed their hair red.
They really are good, aren't they?
They realized what they had to do.
They realized they should do that.
They realized they had to do that.
They realized that they might die.
They ran as quickly as they could.
They put their sunglasses back on.
They put their houses up for sale.
They put their headphones back on.
They promised they'd speak French.
They promised they'd quit smoking.
They promised they'd be back soon.
They promised they would be there.
They promised that they'd tell us.
They promised that they'd help us.
They promised that they'd do that.
They promised me they'd come back.
They promised me that they'd help.
They promised me that they'd come.
They pretended they didn't see it.
They played on their college team.
They packed their things and left.
They only do what they want to do.
They only do what they need to do.
They only do what they have to do.
They only did what they had to do.
They never said they'd go with us.
They never pay their rent on time.
They needed to change their plans.
They need us to show them the way.
They need to talk to their lawyer.
They need to pay their rent today.
They need to cancel their flights.
They nearly fell off their chairs.
They must've forgotten their keys.
They must conserve their strength.
They may have missed their trains.
They may go with you if they want.
They may go wherever they want to.
They may get hurt if they do that.
They may eat as much as they want.
They lost their driver's licenses.
They looked like they needed help.
They looked like they always look.
They look like they're suspicious.
They look like they're interested.
They look like they're frustrated.
They look like they're frightened.
They look like they're distracted.
They look like they're displeased.
They look like they're determined.
They look like they want to leave.
They look like they might be sick.
They locked their keys in the car.
They like me and I like them, too.
They lied about where they'd been.
They left their passports at home.
They left their keys on the table.
They left their house before dawn.
They left their hats on the table.
They left their bags on the train.
They leave their radio on all day.
They know what they're up against.
They know what they did was wrong.
They know I'm older than they are.
They knew what they did was wrong.
They knew that they'd be punished.
They knew that they ought to move.
They knew that they had to escape.
They knew that they had no choice.
They knew that they couldn't stay.
They knew that they could do that.
They kept their heads above water.
They keep saying they're innocent.
They just do what they want to do.
They just do what they need to do.
They just do what they have to do.
They just did what they had to do.
They just came out of their comas.
They insisted they didn't do that.
They insist that they're innocent.
They haven't yet sold their house.
They haven't sold their house yet.
They have to pay their rent today.
They have all the money they need.
They hardly ever use their phones.
They had things they needed to do.
They had their hair cut yesterday.
They had something in their hands.
They had scratches on their faces.
They got wiser as they grew older.
They got off of their motorcycles.
They got first prize, didn't they?
They got exactly what they wanted.
They glanced over their shoulders.
They get to do whatever they want.
They gave each of their sons $300.
They finally found their way home.
They failed to keep their promise.
They dyed their old T-shirts blue.
They drank some beer, didn't they?
They don't want to dye their hair.
They don't think it's their fault.
They don't still do that, do they?
They don't miss anything, do they?
They don't look like they're busy.
They don't know where they belong.
They do that because they want to.
They do that because they like to.
They do that because they have to.
They do that as often as they can.
They do only what they want to do.
They do everything I tell them to.
They didn't take their gloves off.
They didn't take off their gloves.
They didn't say why they did that.
They didn't say where they'd gone.
They didn't say where they'd been.
They didn't regret their decision.
They didn't play tennis, did they?
They didn't hurt anyone, did they?
They didn't have what they needed.
They didn't give their real names.
They didn't even lock their doors.
They didn't do it again, did they?
They didn't check their mailboxes.
They did what you told them to do.
They did what we asked them to do.
They did what they said they'd do.
They did what they intended to do.
They did what I wanted them to do.
They did the very best they could.
They did that whenever they could.
They did that because they had to.
They did that as they'd been told.
They did only what they had to do.
They did everything they could do.
They deserved everything they got.
They decided to sell their houses.
They couldn't make up their minds.
They couldn't hide their feelings.
They couldn't get their gloves on.
They couldn't find their way back.
They couldn't do that, could they?
They couldn't contain their anger.
They could do what they had to do.
They confessed that they did that.
They conferred with their lawyers.
They claimed that they left early.
They claimed that they didn't cry.
They claim that they've done that.
They claim that they didn't do it.
They changed into their swimsuits.
They change their passwords often.
They can't speak French, can they?
They can't control their emotions.
They can speak French, can't they?
They can go with you if they like.
They can eat as much as they want.
They can do anything they want to.
They called to say they'd be late.
They bowed their heads and prayed.
They bought the books they needed.
They believed that they could win.
They aren't where they want to be.
They aren't wearing their glasses.
They aren't sure why they're here.
They aren't sure they can do that.
They aren't sure if they're right.
They aren't as young as they look.
They aren't as tough as they seem.
They aren't as tough as they look.
They aren't as smart as they look.
They aren't as good as they think.
They've said they should do that.
They've said that they won't win.
They've said that they can't win.
They've promised they'll do that.
They're not where they should be.
They're not what they used to be.
They're not sure what they'll do.
They're not here. They went home.
They tied their boat to the dock.
They thought they'd forgotten it.
They thought they'd be safe here.
They thought they should do that.
They thought they had to do that.
They thought that they'd be late.
They thought that they should go.
They thought that they might win.
They thought that they could win.
They think their legs are broken.
They swore they wouldn't do that.
They swore that they'd never cry.
They swear that they're innocent.
They struggle to pay their bills.
They still hope they can do that.
They still can't find their keys.
They stared at their coffee mugs.
They spoke with their supervisor.
They sold their houses last week.
They sipped their tea in silence.
They showed us their photo album.
They showed their schedule to me.
They showed me their photo album.
They showed me their new guitars.
They should talk to their lawyer.
They shook their heads in dismay.
They set down their paintbrushes.
They seem to know what they want.
They say they've never done that.
They say they've lost their keys.
They say they're willing to help.
They say they're very happy here.
They say they're studying French.
They say they're not ready to go.
They say they're good at cooking.
They say they're going to resign.
They say they'll stay for dinner.
They say they'll quit doing that.
They say they'll need to do that.
They say they'll leave on Monday.
They say they'll keep doing that.
They say they'll have to do that.
They say they'll do that someday.
They say they'll do that for you.
They say they'll come right away.
They say they'll be busy tonight.
They say they'd hurt their backs.
They say they would've paid more.
They say they won't study French.
They say they won't speak French.
They say they won't ever do that.
They say they won't buy any beer.
They say they weren't being paid.
They say they saw something else.
They say they plan on doing that.
They say they like horror movies.
They say they have nothing to do.
They say they followed the rules.
They say they don't study French.
They say they don't speak French.
They say they don't ever do that.
They say they didn't see anybody.
They say they did that last week.
They say they declined that deal.
They say they can't speak French.
They say they can't eat any more.
They say they aren't ready to go.
They say that they've just eaten.
They say that they're not sleepy.
They say that they're not hungry.
They say that they're not guilty.
They say that they're not coming.
They say that they're not afraid.
They say that they're interested.
They say that they're having fun.
They say that they're feeling OK.
They say that they're doing that.
They say that they're busy today.
They say that they'll go with us.
They say that they'll correct it.
They say that they'll be careful.
They say that they'd love to win.
They say that they'd like to win.
They say that they won't help us.
They say that they won't do that.
They say that they were confused.
They say that they used steroids.
They say that they plan on going.
They say that they need it today.
They say that they intend to win.
They say that they have no vices.
They say that they hate to study.
They say that they don't do that.
They say that they did just fine.
They say that they can't do that.
They say that they can swim well.
They say that they can afford it.
They say that they aren't sleepy.
They say that they aren't hungry.
They say that they aren't guilty.
They say that they aren't coming.
They say that they aren't afraid.
They saw their names on the list.
They sat in their rocking chairs.
They said you were their friends.
They said they don't care at all.
They said their house was locked.
They said their efforts paid off.
They said that they might retire.
They ride their bicycles to work.
They refused to sign their names.
They reconsidered their decision.
They realized they might be late.
They realized they had no choice.
They realized they couldn't talk.
They put their seatbelts back on.
They put their paintbrushes down.
They put their keys on the table.
They put their house up for sale.
They put their hats on the table.
They put down their paintbrushes.
They promised they'd wait for us.
They promised they'd check on it.
They promised they would do that.
They promised they won't do that.
They promised me that they'd win.
They probably missed their train.
They poured milk on their cereal.
They parked in their usual spots.
They painted their bicycles blue.
They overstepped their authority.
They oiled their bicycles chains.
They never talk about their exes.
They needed to change their plan.
They need to stay where they are.
They need to cancel their flight.
They need help doing their taxes.
They may leave anytime they want.
They may have missed their train.
They may have missed their buses.
They may have anything they want.
They may do that if they want to.
They may do anything they please.
They made you laugh, didn't they?
They looked over their shoulders.
They look like they're uncertain.
They look like they're terrified.
They look like they're skeptical.
They look like they're satisfied.
They look like they're reluctant.
They look like they're motivated.
They look like they're miserable.
They look like they're irritated.
They look like they're impressed.
They look like they're exhausted.
They look like they're disgusted.
They look like they're depressed.
They look like they're delighted.
They look like they're contented.
They look like they're conscious.
They look like they're confident.
They look like they're committed.
They liked everything they heard.
They like to ride their bicycles.
They like their beer really cold.
They left their windows unlocked.
They learned from their mistakes.
They know where they can find me.
They know what they've got to do.
They know what they want to hear.
They knew what they needed to do.
They knew they'd have to do that.
They knew they wouldn't be fired.
They knew they shouldn't do that.
They knew they needed to do that.
They knew that they wouldn't win.
They knew that they had to leave.
They knew that they had to hurry.
They knew that they couldn't win.
They knew more than they told us.
They kept checking their watches.
They just told us they got fired.
They jumped up from their chairs.
They insisted on their innocence.
They hopped on their motorcycles.
They hoped they'd be able to win.
They hope they'll be able to win.
They hope they won't be deported.
They haven't paid their rent yet.
They haven't had their lunch yet.
They have things they need to do.
They hate getting their feet wet.
They had to rewrite their essays.
They had scratches on their arms.
They grabbed their bags and left.
They got yelled at by their boss.
They got on their bikes and left.
They got more than they expected.
They got in trouble, didn't they?
They get mean when they're drunk.
They gave us everything they had.
They gave their horses some oats.
They gave me everything they had.
They gave it everything they had.
They forgot to renew their visas.
They forgot to lock their houses.
They floss their teeth every day.
They felt they'd done their duty.
They explained why they did this.
They explained why they did that.
They explained how they did that.
They don't want me here, do they?
They don't speak French, do they?
They don't seem so busy, do they?
They don't know why they're here.
They don't greet their neighbors.
They do whatever they want to do.
They do what they're asked to do.
They do what they say they'll do.
They do that when they're sleepy.
They do that when they're hungry.
They do that in their spare time.
They do everything I ask them to.
They didn't wait for their turns.
They didn't like what they heard.
They didn't get what they needed.
They didn't even lock their door.
They didn't buy what they needed.
They didn't break their promises.
They didn't admit their mistakes.
They did what we told them to do.
They did what they planned to do.
They did what they could to help.
They did what I asked them to do.
They did that again, didn't they?
They deserve everything they get.
They deny they paid ransom money.
They deny they agreed to do that.
They denied they stole the money.
They denied that they left early.
They definitely know their stuff.
They decided to sell their house.
They decided that they'd do that.
They couldn't believe their luck.
They could've broken their necks.
They could do that if they tried.
They conferred with their lawyer.
They come and go as they please.
They claimed they didn't do that.
They claim they've taught French.
They claim they saw the accident.
They claim they can speak French.
They claim that they're unbiased.
They claim that they're innocent.
They claim that they can do that.
They changed into their uniforms.
They canceled their appointments.
They can't help the way they are.
They can wear anything they want.
They can take anything they want.
They can have whatever they want.
They can have anything they want.
They can do whatever they please.
They can do what they want to do.
They can do that if they want to.
They believed they could do that.
They aren't where they should be.
They aren't what they used to be.
They aren't sure what they'll do.
They aren't here. They went home.
They've said they won't do that.
They've said they can't do that.
They've come out of their comas.
They're not as old as they seem.
They're not as old as they look.
They're not as bad as they look.
They want to change their plans.
They thought they might do that.
They thought they could help us.
They thought they could do that.
They thought that they had time.
They talked about their schools.
They swore they'd never do that.
They swore they'd do that today.
They swore that they didn't cry.
They swear that they didn't cry.
They sounded like they meant it.
They sold their house last week.
They sold everything they owned.
They smiled at you, didn't they?
They slammed their lockers shut.
They sipped their hot chocolate.
They sipped their coffee slowly.
They silently shook their heads.
They showed me their portfolios.
They should stay where they are.
They shared their lunch with me.
They seemed to know their stuff.
They say they're planning to go.
They say they're not sleepy yet.
They say they're not interested.
They say they're not hungry yet.
They say they're not happy here.
They say they're good at French.
They say they're getting hungry.
They say they'll think about it.
They say they'll never go again.
They say they'll do that for me.
They say they'll call you later.
They say they'd love to do that.
They say they'd like to do that.
They say they won't get married.
They say they want to walk home.
They say they want to come, too.
They say they shouldn't do that.
They say they regret doing that.
They say they needed to do that.
They say they might go shopping.
They say they like Chinese food.
They say they intend to do that.
They say they hope that you win.
They say they feel the same way.
They say they don't care at all.
They say they did nothing wrong.
They say they can't do that yet.
They say they can help us today.
They say they can do that today.
They say they believe in ghosts.
They say they aren't sleepy yet.
They say they aren't interested.
They say they aren't hungry yet.
They say they aren't happy here.
They say they agreed to do that.
They say that've heard you sing.
They say that they've done that.
They say that they're very rich.
They say that they're very busy.
They say that they're undecided.
They say that they're not tired.
They say that they're not happy.
They say that they're not going.
They say that they're not angry.
They say that they're exhausted.
They say that they're desperate.
They say that they're depressed.
They say that they're Canadians.
They say that they weren't here.
They say that they want to swim.
They say that they teach French.
They say that they study French.
They say that they speak French.
They say that they love us both.
They say that they hope you win.
They say that they didn't do it.
They say that they aren't tired.
They say that they aren't happy.
They say that they aren't going.
They say that they aren't angry.
They sat with their arms folded.
They sat and drank their coffee.
They said you were their friend.
They said you told them to wait.
They said they think we can win.
They said they don't plan to go.
They said their backs were sore.
They said that they liked pizza.
They ripped open their presents.
They regretted what they'd done.
They regret doing what they did.
They refused to pay their bills.
They refilled their coffee mugs.
They refilled their coffee cups.
They really like their new jobs.
They realized they had to leave.
They put their rubber gloves on.
They put their roller skates on.
They put their hats on and left.
They put their coffee cups down.
They put their bathing suits on.
They put on their rubber gloves.
They put on their roller skates.
They put on their hats and left.
They put on their bathing suits.
They put down their coffee cups.
They promised they'd be on time.
They promised they wouldn't cry.
They promised me they'd do that.
They promised me they'd be here.
They pretended they didn't care.
They pawned their wedding rings.
They parked in their usual spot.
They packed up their belongings.
They packed their bags and left.
They often break their promises.
They obviously know their stuff.
They never denied they did that.
They need to change their socks.
They need to change their plans.
They may not like what they see.
They may eat wherever they want.
They may eat whenever they want.
They may eat whatever they want.
They may eat anything they want.
They may be in over their heads.
They make their spaghetti spicy.
They made their positions clear.
They looked up from their books.
They looked through their stuff.
They looked like they might cry.
They looked like they always do.
They look like they're troubled.
They look like they're thinking.
They look like they're sleeping.
They look like they're relieved.
They look like they're prepared.
They look like they're offended.
They look like they're occupied.
They look like they're homeless.
They look like they're finished.
They look like they're confused.
They look like they just got up.
They look like they belong here.
They look as if they're in pain.
They like riding their bicycles.
They let us borrow their gloves.
They left their tickets at home.
They left their laptops at home.
They left their hats in my room.
They left as soon as they could.
They leave their TVs on all day.
They know what they want to see.
They know what they want to say.
They know what they ought to do.
They know what they need to buy.
They know what they have to say.
They know what they have to buy.
They knew what they ought to do.
They knew they ought to do that.
They knew they had to apologize.
They knew they couldn't do that.
They knew that they needed help.
They knew that they could do it.
They just told me what they did.
They just finished their coffee.
They insisted they didn't do it.
They hope they won't be demoted.
They hope that they can do that.
They heard their phones ringing.
They have tattoos on their arms.
They have braces on their teeth.
They hate to get their feet wet.
They got rid of their old books.
They glanced down at their feet.
They forgot to sign their names.
They forgot to lock their house.
They finally lost their tempers.
They filled their glasses again.
They figured they could do that.
They felt like they could do it.
They don't really know, do they?
They don't like apples, do they?
They don't know what they'll do.
They don't believe they can win.
They don't always get their way.
They do what they're told to do.
They do that when they're tired.
They do that when they're happy.
They do that when they're drunk.
They do everything they're told.
They do anything I tell them to.
They didn't wait for their turn.
They didn't take their medicine.
They didn't take their hats off.
They didn't say where they went.
They didn't off take their hats.
They didn't mean what they said.
They didn't know what they'd do.
They didn't answer their phones.
They did what they needed to do.
They did the best they could do.
They did all they could to help.
They denied that they said that.
They couldn't hide their smiles.
They could buy what they needed.
They claimed they could do that.
They claimed that they did that.
They claim that they didn't cry.
They certainly enjoy their wine.
They canceled their appointment.
They can't win and they know it.
They can sit wherever they like.
They can eat anything they want.
They can buy whatever they want.
They believe that they're right.
They believe that they're ready.
They aren't as old as they seem.
They aren't as old as they look.
They aren't as bad as they look.
They've overstayed their visas.
They're not wearing their hats.
They're not sure they're ready.
They want to change their plan.
They thought I'd let them down.
They talked about their school.
They swore they'd quit smoking.
They swore they didn't do that.
They swore that they'd do that.
They swear they didn't do that.
They swear that they won't cry.
They stared down at their feet.
They spend more than they earn.
They sleep with their socks on.
They showed me what they meant.
They showed me their schedules.
They shouted that they were OK.
They should've never done that.
They should change their locks.
They should cancel their party.
They say they've taught French.
They say they're ready to help.
They say they're pretty hungry.
They say they're not tired yet.
They say they're not giving up.
They say they're not concerned.
They say they're good at chess.
They say they're feeling tired.
They say they'll never give up.
They say they'll never do that.
They say they'll help us today.
They say they'll do that today.
They say they'll do that later.
They say they'll do that again.
They say they'll come tomorrow.
They say they'd rather go home.
They say they wouldn't do that.
They say they want to meet you.
They say they want to help you.
They say they ought to do that.
They say they need another car.
They say they hope you do that.
They say they feel like crying.
They say they enjoy doing that.
They say they don't want to go.
They say they don't need money.
They say they don't like money.
They say they don't feel tired.
They say they can fix anything.
They say they aren't tired yet.
They say they aren't giving up.
They say they aren't concerned.
They say that they're not sick.
They say that they're not lazy.
They say that they're not busy.
They say that they're innocent.
They say that they're homesick.
They say that they were hungry.
They say that they were framed.
They say that they want to win.
They say that they should wait.
They say that they plan to win.
They say that they never cried.
They say that they don't snore.
They say that they didn't swim.
They say that they can't sleep.
They say that they can help us.
They say that they aren't sick.
They say that they aren't lazy.
They say that they aren't busy.
They said they liked good wine.
They said they don't want this.
They said they don't feel well.
They said that they don't know.
They said that they don't care.
They rode away on their horses.
They refused to pay their bill.
They really enjoyed their meal.
They realize what they've done.
They put their jackets back on.
They put their helmets back on.
They put their goggles back on.
They put their glasses back on.
They put sugar in their coffee.
They promised that they'd wait.
They promised that they'd sing.
They promised that they'd help.
They promised that they'd come.
They promised that they'd call.
They practice what they preach.
They plan to sell their houses.
They only did what they had to.
They never said they'd help us.
They never said they'd do that.
They need to see their lawyers.
They need to pay what they owe.
They need to change their plan.
They must've had their reasons.
They must be in their thirties.
They may leave if they want to.
They may have missed their bus.
They may go wherever they want.
They may go anywhere they like.
They may do whatever they want.
They may do whatever they like.
They may do anything they want.
They made you cry, didn't they?
They made their position clear.
They loved their grandchildren.
They looked down at their feet.
They look like they're worried.
They look like they're wealthy.
They look like they're through.
They look like they're shocked.
They look like they're serious.
They look like they're relaxed.
They look like they're puzzled.
They look like they're pleased.
They look like they're nervous.
They look like they're jealous.
They look like they're in pain.
They look like they're healthy.
They look like they're furious.
They look like they're frantic.
They look like they're excited.
They look like they're dubious.
They look like they're curious.
They look like they're certain.
They look like they're anxious.
They look like they're annoyed.
They left their phones at home.
They leave their TV on all day.
They know what they need to do.
They know what they have to do.
They know that it's their call.
They knew they'd said too much.
They kicked off their sneakers.
They keep their uniforms clean.
They just got their braces off.
They jumped out of their seats.
They invited me to their party.
They insisted they acted alone.
They hoped that they could win.
They help out any way they can.
They held up their right hands.
They have to brush their teeth.
They have everything they want.
They had to change their plans.
They had to cancel their trips.
They had their hair dyed black.
They got more than they needed.
They got it wrong, didn't they?
They gave their cats some milk.
They forgot their appointments.
They explained their decisions.
They don't look happy, do they?
They don't like their new sofa.
They don't like their new jobs.
They don't know where they are.
They don't know what they want.
They don't keep their promises.
They don't have what they need.
They do that whenever they can.
They do anything I ask them to.
They didn't seem sad, did they?
They didn't say they'd do that.
They didn't raise their voices.
They didn't lose their tempers.
They didn't like what they saw.
They didn't deny they did that.
They didn't complain, did they?
They did what they'd been told.
They did more than their share.
They did everything they could.
They deserve whatever they get.
They deny that they left early.
They denied that they did that.
They decided they'd had enough.
They cried as they walked home.
They couldn't open their hands.
They couldn't hide their anger.
They could do it if they tried.
They claimed they've done that.
They claimed they didn't do it.
They claim they don't remember.
They claim they didn't do that.
They can leave if they want to.
They can go wherever they like.
They can go whenever they like.
They can do anything they want.
They can barely pay their rent.
They calculated their expenses.
They burned their report cards.
They believe that they can win.
They aren't wearing their hats.
They aren't sure they're ready.
They've vowed they'll do that.
They've said that they'll win.
They've dyed their hair black.
They've called off their trip.
They've been dying their hair.
They're not sure they can win.
They're not in their bedrooms.
They swore they were innocent.
They swear they won't do that.
They still deny they did that.
They sipped their wine slowly.
They shyly raised their hands.
They showed me their schedule.
They should pay what they owe.
They set fire to their houses.
They seem to know their stuff.
They say they're still hungry.
They say they're really sorry.
They say they're not done yet.
They say they're disappointed.
They say they'll do just that.
They say they'd rather not go.
They say they'd never do that.
They say they won't come back.
They say they want to help us.
They say they want to do that.
They say they used to do that.
They say they still need help.
They say they plan to do that.
They say they need to do that.
They say they need time alone.
They say they lost their keys.
They say they like to do that.
They say they like doing that.
They say they have to do that.
They say they have no regrets.
They say they have experience.
They say they feel better now.
They say they dream in French.
They say they can't stay long.
They say they can't sing well.
They say they can write songs.
They say they can change that.
They say they aren't done yet.
They say that they've met you.
They say that they're unhappy.
They say that they're thirsty.
They say that they'll hurt me.
They say that they'll do that.
They say that they won't vote.
They say that they won't swim.
They say that they won't stay.
They say that they won't sing.
They say that they won't mind.
They say that they were fired.
They say that they plan to go.
They say that they don't swim.
They say that they don't mind.
They say that they don't know.
They say that they didn't win.
They say that they didn't cry.
They say that they can't sing.
They say that they can't help.
They said they liked swimming.
They said they don't eat pork.
They said they don't eat meat.
They raised their right hands.
They put their notebooks away.
They put their gloves back on.
They put milk in their coffee.
They put away their notebooks.
They promised they'd be there.
They promised that they'd win.
They promised me they'd do it.
They plan to sell their house.
They opened their lunch boxes.
They often screen their calls.
They need to wash their faces.
They need to see their lawyer.
They may do that if they want.
They may do that if they like.
They lost their wedding rings.
They lost everything they had.
They looked under their seats.
They look older than they are.
They look like they're unhurt.
They look like they're sleepy.
They look like they're scared.
They look like they're rested.
They look like they're lonely.
They look like they're hungry.
They look like they're asleep.
They look like they're amused.
They look like they're afraid.
They look like they might cry.
They look like they always do.
They look as if they're drunk.
They look as if they're angry.
They like their coffee strong.
They lied to you, didn't they?
They know what they should do.
They know what they did wrong.
They knew what they had to do.
They knew they'd have to wait.
They knew they'd been tricked.
They knew they should do that.
They knew they had to do that.
They knew that they'd be late.
They knew that they could win.
They just changed their minds.
They invited me to their home.
They hugged their teddy bears.
They hoped they could do that.
They haven't paid their taxes.
They have scars on their legs.
They have scars on their arms.
They had to sell their houses.
They had to change their plan.
They had to cancel their trip.
They had their pictures taken.
They had their cameras stolen.
They got up from their stools.
They got up from their chairs.
They got their teeth whitened.
They got their hearing tested.
They got married, didn't they?
They gave their cat some milk.
They gave everything they had.
They forgot to pay their rent.
They forgot their appointment.
They followed their instincts.
They flashed their headlights.
They finally found their keys.
They fidgeted in their chairs.
They fastened their seatbelts.
They explained their decision.
They don't talk much, do they?
They don't live here, do they?
They don't leave their houses.
They do whatever they want to.
They do what they can to help.
They do that when they're sad.
They died from their injuries.
They didn't say why they went.
They didn't say what they did.
They didn't mince their words.
They didn't do that, did they?
They did that until they died.
They did do that, didn't they?
They denied that they laughed.
They cut it with their knives.
They crawled under their beds.
They couldn't pay their bills.
They couldn't hide their pain.
They could change their minds.
They claimed they acted alone.
They claim they're telepathic.
They claim that they're happy.
They claim that they did that.
They claim that they can swim.
They can't find their watches.
They can't find their tickets.
They can stay if they want to.
They can join us if they want.
They can do that if they want.
They can do that if they like.
They believe they can do that.
They begged me to let them in.
They aren't sure they can win.
They aren't in their bedrooms.
They've twisted their ankles.
They've sold their companies.
They've said they'll do that.
They've canceled their party.
They thought they'd help out.
They thought they were dying.
They thought they were alone.
They survived their injuries.
They stuck their tongues out.
They stuck out their tongues.
They stopped in their tracks.
They still hope they can win.
They staggered to their feet.
They squirmed in their seats.
They sold all their property.
They smiled when they saw me.
They slumped in their chairs.
They slowly drank their wine.
They sleep whenever they can.
They sleep on their stomachs.
They sharpened their pencils.
They set fire to their house.
They seldom use their phones.
They seemed sad, didn't they?
They scrambled to their feet.
They say they've never cried.
They say they're very hungry.
They say they're ready to go.
They say they're not worried.
They say they're not thirsty.
They say they'll wait for us.
They say they won't ever win.
They say they want to change.
They say they studied French.
They say they should do that.
They say they seldom do that.
They say they saw everything.
They say they never did that.
They say they need more time.
They say they like marigolds.
They say they have no choice.
They say they had to do that.
They say they don't ever win.
They say they don't blame us.
They say they didn't do that.
They say they can't eat nuts.
They say they can see ghosts.
They say they can pay for it.
They say they aren't worried.
They say they aren't thirsty.
They say that they're unsure.
They say that they're sleepy.
They say that they're lonely.
They say that they're hungry.
They say that they won't win.
They say that they were busy.
They say that they swim well.
They say that they feel fine.
They say that they cook well.
They say that they can't win.
They said they don't do that.
They said their bus was late.
They said that they disagree.
They said it was their fault.
They rolled up their sleeves.
They repaired their bicycles.
They removed their disguises.
They regretted what they did.
They referred to their notes.
They redoubled their efforts.
They really know their stuff.
They realized they might die.
They rarely use their phones.
They put their sunglasses on.
They put their snow boots on.
They put their ice skates on.
They put their headphones on.
They put their boots back on.
They put on their sunglasses.
They put on their snow boots.
They put on their ice skates.
They put on their headphones.
They pulled off their gloves.
They promised they'd tell us.
They promised they'd help us.
They promised they'd do that.
They promised me they'd help.
They promised me they'd come.
They probably dye their hair.
They now live with their mom.
They now live with their dad.
They never raise their voice.
They must've hit their heads.
They look like they're upset.
They look like they're tired.
They look like they're tense.
They look like they're sorry.
They look like they're ready.
They look like they're happy.
They look like they're bored.
They look like they're awake.
They look like they're angry.
They look like they're alone.
They lied about their grades.
They left their keys with me.
They knew they'd be punished.
They knew they ought to move.
They knew they had to escape.
They knew they had no choice.
They knew they couldn't stay.
They knew they could do that.
They insist they're innocent.
They helped you, didn't they?
They haven't paid their rent.
They have to get their stuff.
They handed in their reports.
They had to sell their house.
They had their picture taken.
They had their fortunes told.
They grabbed their backpacks.
They got up from their seats.
They got their notebooks out.
They got their feelings hurt.
They got out their notebooks.
They gave me their addresses.
They fought back their tears.
They fell off their bicycles.
They entered their passwords.
They don't say much, do they?
They don't leave their house.
They don't eat pork, do they?
They do what they want to do.
They didn't suffer, did they?
They didn't sign their wills.
They didn't drink their milk.
They did what they always do.
They did all that they could.
They deny that they did that.
They defended their findings.
They couldn't pay their rent.
They confessed they did that.
They claimed they left early.
They claimed they didn't cry.
They claim they've done that.
They claim they didn't do it.
They claim that they're rich.
They changed their passwords.
They can't hold their liquor.
They can't do that, can they?
They can do that, can't they?
They can do that if they try.
They bought what they needed.
They believed they could win.
They've said they won't win.
They've said they can't win.
They've made up their minds.
They've kept their promises.
They've changed their minds.
They thought they'd be late.
They thought they should go.
They thought they might win.
They thought they could win.
They swore they'd never cry.
They swore that they'd wait.
They swear they're innocent.
They set down their glasses.
They say they're not sleepy.
They say they're not hungry.
They say they're not guilty.
They say they're not coming.
They say they're not afraid.
They say they're interested.
They say they're having fun.
They say they're feeling OK.
They say they're doing that.
They say they're busy today.
They say they'll go with us.
They say they'll correct it.
They say they'll be careful.
They say they'd love to win.
They say they'd like to win.
They say they won't help us.
They say they won't do that.
They say they were confused.
They say they used steroids.
They say they plan on going.
They say they need it today.
They say they intend to win.
They say they have no vices.
They say they hate to study.
They say they don't do that.
They say they did just fine.
They say they can't do that.
They say they can swim well.
They say they can afford it.
They say they aren't sleepy.
They say they aren't hungry.
They say they aren't guilty.
They say they aren't coming.
They say they aren't afraid.
They say that've just eaten.
They say that they're tired.
They say that they're happy.
They say that they're dying.
They say that they're angry.
They say that they know you.
They say that they did that.
They sang while they worked.
They said they might retire.
They rubbed their sore feet.
They rose from their chairs.
They repainted their houses.
They renovated their houses.
They refilled their glasses.
They put their swimsuits on.
They put their snowshoes on.
They put their seatbelts on.
They put their raincoats on.
They put their pencils down.
They put their overcoats on.
They put their new shoes on.
They put their hats back on.
They put their glasses down.
They put their caps back on.
They put salt on their eggs.
They put on their swimsuits.
They put on their snowshoes.
They put on their seatbelts.
They put on their raincoats.
They put on their overcoats.
They put on their new shoes.
They put honey in their tea.
They put down their pencils.
They put down their glasses.
They pulled their socks off.
They pulled their glove off.
They pulled off their socks.
They promised me they'd win.
They plunged to their death.
They played with their cats.
They overstayed their visas.
They opened their notebooks.
They opened their backpacks.
They never lock their doors.
They must pay what they owe.
They mortgaged their houses.
They may leave if they want.
They may go if they want to.
They look like they're well.
They look like they're sure.
They look like they're sick.
They look like they're rich.
They look like they're poor.
They look like they're lost.
They look like they're hurt.
They look like they're glad.
They look like they're fine.
They look like they're done.
They look like they're cold.
They look like they're busy.
They lent us their bicycles.
They left their beds unmade.
They know where they belong.
They know their limitations.
They knew they wouldn't win.
They knew they had to leave.
They knew they had to hurry.
They knew they couldn't win.
They kept their mouths shut.
They jumped on their horses.
They inherited their wealth.
They hope that they can win.
They held out their glasses.
They handed in their report.
They had their pianos tuned.
They got what they came for.
They got off their bicycles.
They get anything they want.
They fractured their wrists.
They forgot their passwords.
They finished their dessert.
They don't do that, do they?
They don't do much, do they?
They died in their thirties.
They didn't wash their hair.
They didn't pay their share.
They didn't laugh, did they?
They didn't do it, did they?
They deserved what they got.
They denied they left early.
They denied that they cried.
They cracked their knuckles.
They closed their textbooks.
They closed their notebooks.
They claim they're unbiased.
They claim they're innocent.
They claim they can do that.
They can't touch their toes.
They can say what they want.
They can leave if they want.
They can go if they want to.
They called off their trips.
They've sold their company.
They've kept their promise.
They're not what they seem.
They thought they had time.
They swore they didn't cry.
They swore that they'd win.
They swear they didn't cry.
They set their drinks down.
They set down their spoons.
They scratched their noses.
They say they've done that.
They say they're very rich.
They say they're very busy.
They say they're undecided.
They say they're not tired.
They say they're not happy.
They say they're not going.
They say they're not angry.
They say they're exhausted.
They say they're desperate.
They say they're depressed.
They say they're Canadians.
They say they weren't here.
They say they want to swim.
They say they teach French.
They say they study French.
They say they speak French.
They say they love us both.
They say they hope you win.
They say they didn't do it.
They say they aren't tired.
They say they aren't happy.
They say they aren't going.
They say they aren't angry.
They say that they're rich.
They say that they're fine.
They say that they're busy.
They say that they'll wait.
They say that they'll swim.
They say that they'll sing.
They say that they'll come.
They say that they love me.
They say that they like it.
They say that they do that.
They said they liked pizza.
They rewrote their reports.
They repainted their house.
They renovated their house.
They removed their jackets.
They removed their helmets.
They removed their goggles.
They removed their glasses.
They put their wetsuits on.
They put their sweaters on.
They put their spoons down.
They put their slippers on.
They put their phones away.
They put their drinks down.
They put on their wetsuits.
They put on their sweaters.
They put on their slippers.
They put down their spoons.
They put down their drinks.
They put away their phones.
They pulled their wigs off.
They pulled off their wigs.
They pledged their support.
They picked up their books.
They picked their books up.
They opened their presents.
They often lose their keys.
They never make their beds.
They never lock their door.
They need their medication.
They mortgaged their house.
They may do what they want.
They loved their grandkids.
They looked for their pens.
They looked at their notes.
They look like they're sad.
They look like they're mad.
They look like they're hot.
They knew they needed help.
They knew they could do it.
They just missed their bus.
They hung up their jackets.
They hope they can do that.
They hope that they'll win.
They had their piano tuned.
They got on their bicycles.
They glanced to their left.
They gave their keys to me.
They gave me their address.
They forgot their sweaters.
They finished their drinks.
They finished their coffee.
They fell off their horses.
They fell off their chairs.
They emptied their pockets.
They dyed their hair brown.
They do whatever they want.
They didn't come, did they?
They did that, didn't they?
They did all they could do.
They denied they said that.
They crossed their fingers.
They claimed they did that.
They claimed that they won.
They claim they didn't cry.
They checked their watches.
They checked their pockets.
They changed their tactics.
They can't find their keys.
They can't find their bags.
They can drive, can't they?
They can do what they like.
They can do it, can't they?
They can do it if they try.
They called off their trip.
They blow-dried their hair.
They believe they're right.
They believe they're ready.
They aren't what they seem.
They've made their choice.
They're not in their tent.
They swore they'd do that.
They swear they won't cry.
They stretched their legs.
They stood on their heads.
They stirred their coffee.
They sprang to their feet.
They spilled their drinks.
They spilled their coffee.
They sold their companies.
They slurped their drinks.
They sleep on their backs.
They skinned their elbows.
They shut their notebooks.
They say they're not sick.
They say they're not lazy.
They say they're not busy.
They say they're innocent.
They say they're homesick.
They say they were hungry.
They say they were framed.
They say they want to win.
They say they should wait.
They say they plan to win.
They say they never cried.
They say they don't snore.
They say they didn't swim.
They say they can't sleep.
They say they can help us.
They say they aren't sick.
They say they aren't lazy.
They say they aren't busy.
They say that they'll win.
They said what they meant.
They said they don't know.
They said they don't care.
They removed their gloves.
They put their jackets on.
They put their helmets on.
They put their heads down.
They put their goggles on.
They put their glasses on.
They put their forks down.
They put their books down.
They put on their jackets.
They put on their helmets.
They put on their goggles.
They put on their glasses.
They put down their forks.
They put down their books.
They promised they'd wait.
They promised they'd sing.
They promised they'd help.
They promised they'd come.
They promised they'd call.
They played their violins.
They picked up their mail.
They picked up their keys.
They picked their mail up.
They picked their keys up.
They phoned their lawyers.
They paid all their bills.
They padded their resumes.
They opened their windows.
They opened their lockers.
They opened their laptops.
They mounted their horses.
They meant what they said.
They lowered their voices.
They lost their passports.
They lost all their books.
They looked to their left.
They look like they're OK.
They let their guard down.
They learned their lesson.
They laced up their boots.
They know it's their call.
They knew that they'd win.
They hurt their shoulders.
They hoped they could win.
They hid under their beds.
They held their hands out.
They had their palms read.
They groomed their horses.
They greeted their guests.
They got what they needed.
They got off their stools.
They got off their horses.
They forgot their glasses.
They fell off their bikes.
They don't smoke, do they?
They do what they're told.
They do what they want to.
They do the best they can.
They did what they had to.
They deny they left early.
They deny that they cried.
They denied they did that.
They covered their mouths.
They closed their lockers.
They clenched their teeth.
They clenched their fists.
They canceled their trips.
They can swim, can't they?
They can read, can't they?
They came to their senses.
They called their lawyers.
They buttered their toast.
They brushed their horses.
They believe they can win.
They aren't in their tent.
They've said they'll win.
They sipped their drinks.
They set down their cups.
They scrubbed their feet.
They say they've met you.
They say they're unhappy.
They say they're thirsty.
They say they'll hurt me.
They say they'll do that.
They say they won't vote.
They say they won't swim.
They say they won't stay.
They say they won't sing.
They say they won't mind.
They say they were fired.
They say they plan to go.
They say they don't swim.
They say they don't mind.
They say they don't know.
They say they didn't win.
They say they didn't cry.
They say they can't sing.
They say they can't help.
They say that they're OK.
They removed their socks.
They raised their voices.
They put their pens down.
They put their hands out.
They put their gloves on.
They put out their hands.
They put on their gloves.
They put down their pens.
They promised they'd win.
They need their medicine.
They missed their trains.
They may go if they want.
They may do as they like.
They liked what they saw.
They like their new jobs.
They like their new cars.
They know what they like.
They know their business.
They knew they'd be late.
They knew they could win.
They kept their distance.
They held up their hands.
They have what they need.
They gritted their teeth.
They got on their horses.
They got off their bikes.
They folded their sheets.
They don't care, do they?
They did what they could.
They did it, didn't they?
They deny that they lied.
They denied they laughed.
They covered their faces.
They closed their mouths.
They claim they're happy.
They claim they did that.
They claim they can swim.
They claim that they won.
They canceled their trip.
They called their lawyer.
They brushed their teeth.
They've hurt their legs.
They tilted their heads.
They stubbed their toes.
They spit out their gum.
They sold their company.
They smacked their lips.
They signed their names.
They shut their laptops.
They say they're unsure.
They say they're sleepy.
They say they're lonely.
They say they're hungry.
They say they won't win.
They say they were busy.
They say they swim well.
They say they feel fine.
They say they cook well.
They say they can't win.
They said they disagree.
They rose to their feet.
They put their socks on.
They put their robes on.
They put their boots on.
They put on their socks.
They put on their robes.
They put on their boots.
They opened their books.
They on put their boots.
They nodded their heads.
They need their privacy.
They missed their train.
They missed their buses.
They lost their tickets.
They lost their pencils.
They lost their mittens.
They lost their glasses.
They locked their doors.
They like their new car.
They honked their horns.
They grabbed their keys.
They grabbed their bags.
They gave me their keys.
They enjoyed their stay.
They enjoy what they do.
They drank their coffee.
They do as they're told.
They deny they did that.
They claim they're rich.
They brushed their hair.
They swore they'd wait.
They stirred their tea.
They sold their houses.
They slit their wrists.
They sipped their wine.
They shut their mouths.
They say they're tired.
They say they're happy.
They say they're dying.
They say they're angry.
They say they did that.
They salted their eggs.
They put their skis on.
They put their hats on.
They put on their skis.
They put on their hats.
They packed their bags.
They opened their bags.
They love what they do.
They love their ponies.
They lost their voices.
They lost their phones.
They lost their houses.
They locked their door.
They like their school.
They know their rights.
They hope they can win.
They hid their weapons.
They got to their feet.
They got their revenge.
They folded their arms.
They do what they want.
They denied they cried.
They swore they'd win.
They sold their house.
They sipped their tea.
They set their alarms.
They say they're rich.
They say they're fine.
They say they're busy.
They say they'll wait.
They say they'll swim.
They say they'll sing.
They say they'll come.
They say they love me.
They say they like it.
They say they do that.
They paid their bills.
They missed their bus.
They lost their minds.
They lost their house.
They hope they'll win.
They held their noses.
They fired their guns.
They fed their horses.
They do what they can.
They did their chores.
They claimed they won.
They blew their noses.
They say they'll win.
They paid their bill.
They need their rest.
They made their beds.
They love their pony.
They lost their land.
They lost their keys.
They lost their hats.
They lost their cool.
They knew they'd win.
They kept their cool.
They hurt their legs.
They hid their faces.
They dyed their hair.
They deny they cried.
They say they're OK.
They lost their way.
They got their wish.
They dye their hair.
They deny they lied.
They claim they won.
They got their way.
I deal with danger every day.
Why did Tom need a knife?
I haven't asked for anything.
Does Tom have a black car?
I'm extremely busy right now.
I won't ask Tom for money.
I'm used to working outdoors.
Tom bought way much bread.
Let's talk about it tomorrow.
Tom can handle everything.
This is all perfectly normal.
Tom didn't help us at all.
We can't risk that happening.
Tom didn't look a bit sad.
We don't need three bicycles.
Tom doesn't drive to work.
We had a good time yesterday.
Tom doesn't know how rich I am.
We've never tried doing that.
Tom doesn't pay us enough.
Why do you care what happens?
Tom is a very good surfer.
Both of my parents can't swim.
Tom is wearing a blue hat.
I can't do that for you today.
Tom isn't having much fun.
I don't have my own apartment.
Tom looked slightly upset.
I don't think that's so funny.
Tom made a fool of us all.
I had to push my bicycle home.
Tom quickly shut the book.
I made the decision by myself.
Tom refused to be treated.
I rang the bell several times.
Tom taught himself to ski.
Mary is a very talented woman.
Tom thinks Mary can do it.
There was blood on the carpet.
They didn't accept my apology.
Tom's brother is a doctor.
What did you put into the box?
Tom's brother is a lawyer.
Tom's condition got worse.
Why are you always doing that?
Tom, look at what you did.
Why do you wear blue so often?
We've decided to help Tom.
I can't accept your invitation.
Why did Tom ask Mary that?
I didn't need to come so early.
Why did Tom need a hammer?
I didn't want to cause trouble.
Why does Tom call me that?
You could've just told Tom.
Tom wasn't feeling very hungry.
I drank five bottles of diet coke.
I loved Yidir's proposal.
How are your dog's teeth?
I have had this dog since she was a puppy.
There are an infinite number of numbers.
I've had this dog since he was a puppy.
I deleted all of the original footage.
I can't post the raw footage.
I prefer to just wear my normal clothes.
It seems good to me.
Telescopes are getting bigger and more advanced.
Telescopes have taken us beyond our galaxy to see things that we have never imagined.
What is dark energy?
Telescopes allow us to explore the edge of space.
He's wearing skinny jeans and a tank top.
Modern telescopes have exploded our understanding of the cosmos.
These are the planets of our solar system.
We are observing the storm clouds of the surface of Jupiter.
There are billions of other galaxies beyond the Milky Way.
Each of these galaxies harbors hundreds of billions of stars.
Modern telescopes have allowed us to witness countless supernovas.
What is dark matter?
Dark energy is an invisible force that is pushing our universe apart.
The universe is a very big place.
Our galaxy is the Milky Way.
A brand new telescope is being built here.
Hubble is exploring the edges of the cosmos.
Our atmosphere distorts telescopic images.
These feelings are not simple.
This feeling is very easy.
This feeling is easy.
Tom looked at me as if I were out of my mind.
Have you ever been in Rio?
He met his girlfriend 's parents.
Last night I went out to dinner with my friends.
Last night I went out to dinner with my girfriend.
How large is the universe?
You're hypersensitive.
Is it possible to travel with little money?
Why does Tom need my help?
I don't have to go there alone.
Why does Tom need a knife?
I don't feel like playing golf.
It's boiling today.
This spider has huge fangs.
This spider is a deadly animal.
I'm not afraid of huge spiders.
This spider has big sharp fangs.
The first train departs at 4:in the morning.
Don't worry. You can always count on me.
Our destiny depends on our decisions.
Write down what I am going to dictate.
My biggest dream is to be a teacher. I do not want to be rich. I just want to give a good life to the person I love. Is that asking too much?
No future can compensate for what you let happen in the present.
A number is a human measure that can not reflect how good and important the beauties of life are, such as love, honesty, humility, respect and affection.
I would like to make a reservation, please.
Can you read this sentence and translate it into your language?
I'll support you today and always.
I rarely go to bed before midnight.
Shtooka is a very useful tool for recording sentences.
I use Windows in my PC.
Will you come to my party if I invite you? Of course I will.
His house is as large as his family.
His house is not as large as my house.
Your brain is as slow as that of an idiot.
I'm about to cum.
Wanna watch Netflix and chill?
I go to medical school.
I am studying at medical school.
In 2016, the company Dyn was hit by a distributed denial of service attack, rendering many services unavailable to users throughout the United States and Europe.
While a denial of service attack requires one single device, a distributed denial of service attack involves many devices working together.
Tom is a silent workhorse.
Sami fell into a state of ecstasy during the dhikr.
It's unforgivable to date such a beggar, darling!
She left without me.
Please buy some tofu on your way home.
Use the power of the subconscious.
Reptiles lay eggs.
Butterflies lay eggs.
In which way did it develop?
You will certainly read it with interest.
A design shows the scene of a torture.
Said the cat to the dog: Sausages aren't good for you.
A dog runs into the butcher's shop and steals a large sausage.
The abbot was set on important constructions in those years for his convent.
She didn't know the right word.
It's the greatest of miseries.
You rascal, why are you complaining so much?
That comment is not so stupid.
She carried a pail of water on her head.
Once there was a peasant that had three sons.
We want to wander through the world.
Each son had raised two greyhounds.
All were dressed in black.
The king will give his daughter to the dragon with the nine heads.
If you'll marry me...I'll save you.
He hurried to the sea.
She promised that she would be his wife.
The dragon crawled out of the water.
She was left behind with the car.
He began heading back to the city.
Tom said that he knew what it was like to be hungry.
Tom said he knew what it was like to be hungry.
The Palestinians have been dehumanized.
He arrived at a bridge that led across a river.
That will be an advantage for me and for you.
Didn't you walk her to the door?
Why do the heads have no tongues?
Let me come to your fire to warm myself.
They all turned into rocks.
She wanted to avenge the death of her husband.
The three brothers resembled each other very much.
Have you come back already?
Where were you for so long?
I was here and there, and that's why I was late.
He thought to himself: "What happened?"
I will go there and see what has happened.
Tom bought way many onions.
It's going to get cold tonight.
Please tell Tom to come in.
I won't have to go there alone.
I challenged Tom to a duel.
I never tried to do that again.
Why does Tom want to quit?
I never tried doing that again.
Why does Tom want my help?
I don't speak French or German.
Why does Tom want a horse?
I don't like being called that.
We have truly had a deep sleep.
He returned to the royal castle.
Once there was a little girl.
My head is really cold.
She entered a forest where it had already gotten dark.
The leaders of the separatist movement were arrested.
Internal rivalries have taken the wind out of the separatist movement.
The separatist movement was active in the area in the 1970's.
She placed a mirror before her.
The separatist movement was crippled by internal rivalries.
Suddenly a soldier appeared, who held a rapier in his hand.
The girl took the rapier and hid it.
The woman gave birth to a son.
He swore that if he ever found the rapier, he would kill the person right away on whom he found it.
May the lord be with you.
Come, let us make bricks!
Tom was surprised by the answer.
His blue eyes settled on me and my heart jumped.
They lay down together in the green grass.
This code can't be cracked.
I thought you'd like a piece of pie.
Men's shirts are on the second floor.
There's nowhere on earth I'd rather be.
There's nowhere on earth that I'd rather be.
Get in.
Enter.
Go in.
The organization, in its role as an importer and wholesaler and as a development trade organization, complies with the relevant external guidelines and is audited to verify compliance with the guidelines.
They're bleeding.
Can I borrow a drill from you for a few days?
She's in the basement.
They must be tired.
They have one hour.
She's not his wife. She's his daughter.
I'm old now.
Your mother is old now.
Your father is dead now.
It's broken. Are you happy now?
"Where's your dog?" "It's dead. Are you happy now?"
I move back one more step.
I don't want to lose my heart a second time.
I want to remember this summer as something special.
I feel like I'm in a furnace.
Soon will come the first guests to bathe in the thermal baths.
He is the master of all the slaves.
Don't you have eyes in your head?
Get fresh towels and bring them over here.
With them the dirt is scrubbed from the skin.
On the wall are many drawers.
There the guests can leave their clothes.
Before noon only women are admitted into the thermal baths.
The men can visit the thermal baths after noon.
During each visit she has interesting news.
You are here to work, not for pleasure.
What languages are you studying?
Children learn to read by being in the presence of books.
Tom lost control of his car and slammed into a wall.
I just hope she's OK.
I just hope he's OK.
Tom was transported to hospital.
Let us labor for that larger and larger comprehension of truth, that more and more thorough repudiation of error, which shall make the history of mankind a series of ascending developments.
I have never heard anything about the resolutions of the apostles, but a good deal about their acts.
Doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves. We must purposely be kind and generous, or we miss the best part of existence. The heart which goes out of itself gets large and full. This is the great secret of the inner life. We do ourselves the most good doing something for others.
A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated.
Ignorance breeds monsters to fill up all the vacuities of the soul that are unoccupied by the verities of knowledge.
He who dethrones the idea of law, bids chaos welcome in its stead.
Books are the windows through which the soul looks out.
The love of knowledge comes with reading and grows upon it.
If ever there was a cause, if ever there can be a cause, worthy to be upheld by all of toil or sacrifice that the human heart can endure, it is the cause of Education.
If any man seeks for greatness, let him forget greatness and ask for truth, and he will find both.
When Mary opened her locker, she found a rose and a letter inside.
There's no love lost between these two!
There's no love lost between these two.
Tom found an envelope taped to his locker.
Mary found an envelope taped to her locker.
Internet network
Mary found a note inside her locker.
Open the internet browser.
Listen to this song.
Tom and Mary live in an eco-friendly home.
Tom started eating healthier food.
Tom stopped smoking, cold turkey.
The pantry is well stocked.
Tom and Mary live in an environmentally friendly home.
Tom lives in an environmentally friendly house.
Tom lives in an eco-friendly home.
Turn the lights on.
I broke my headphones.
That's all he ever talked about.
That's all she ever talked about.
That's all he ever talks about.
That's all she ever talks about.
That's all Tom ever talks about.
That's all Mary ever talks about.
That's all Tom ever talked about.
When do you graduate?
Tom was afraid of the answer.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out, but he was afraid of the answer.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out, but he was afraid she would refuse.
Tom is an actuary.
Tom is borderline anorexic.
Mary is borderline anorexic.
Mary is almost anorexic.
Is he really into me?
Is he into me?
Is she into me?
This is a common question.
Why is he talking to me?
Why is she talking to me?
Maybe he's just being polite.
Maybe she's just being polite.
She found him attractive.
He found her attractive.
Tom found Mary attractive.
I attended a private school for most of high school.
The two were silent for a moment.
Tom and Mary were silent for a moment.
Tom had been sending her mixed signals.
I don't want to send you mixed signals.
He was sending her mixed signals.
Tom was sending her mixed signals.
Tom was sending Mary mixed signals.
She was sending him mixed signals.
Mary was sending Tom mixed signals.
Don't be sad, it's not a big deal!
In the lobby is a statue of white marble.
I think that it would be fun to do that.
I think it wouldn't be fun to do that.
I think that it wouldn't be fun to do that.
We don't know who we can trust.
Tom did that at my request.
We never understood each other.
Tom finally told the truth.
We're extremely busy right now.
Tom has finally found work.
Why did you need a screwdriver?
Why do we need another bicycle?
Why do you have to leave today?
Tom's face lit up.
Mary's face lit up.
She disappeared without speaking a single word.
Of course, what a dumb question that is.
Tom has started eating healthier food.
Tom now eats healthier food than he used to.
Tom tried to impress Mary with his cooking skills.
Mary tried to impress Tom with her cooking skills.
Tom tried to impress Mary, but came up short.
Tom came up short.
He was a strange little ferret-like man, with white eyelashes.
When I looked up at him I found his keen, grey eyes fixed upon me with an amused expression.
What kind of wood is this table made of?
I was surprised by the answer.
I didn't use to do this.
I've never smoked in my life.
I'm now used to not smoking.
Tom is a very good plumber.
Why do you need to leave today?
Tom is being disrespectful.
Why do you want all this stuff?
Tom is just helping me out.
Everyone in my family was there.
Tom is just helping us out.
I apologize for calling so late.
Tom knows who the thief is.
I didn't feel like playing golf.
I'm used to doing this.
What do you make of that? said Holmes. Well, what do you make of it?
"Is not all this obvious?" "It strikes me, my good Lestrade, as being just a trifle too obvious," said Holmes.
Even though I've quit smoking, I still have the urge to smoke.
No, my dear fellow, I dont think you can help me.
Even though I've quit smoking, I still crave a cigarette from time to time.
It was late when my friend returned, and I could see, by a glance at his haggard and anxious face, that the high hopes with which he had started had not been fulfilled.
I don't think you can help me.
For an hour he droned away upon his violin, endeavouring to soothe his own ruffled spirits.
I don't think that you can help me.
At last he flung down the instrument, and plunged into a detailed account of his misadventures.
Its all going wrong, Watsonall as wrong as it can go.
Tom opened the door for us.
I didn't recognize you at first.
Tom walked around the room.
I don't know where my shoes are.
Tom wants to go for a ride.
I don't know where my socks are.
Tom would be a good butler.
I don't like cream in my coffee.
Tom's injury isn't serious.
I don't own one of those things.
I kept a bold face before Lestrade, but, upon my soul, I believe that for once the fellow is on the right track and we are on the wrong. All my instincts are one way, and all the facts are the other.
"You knew him at that time?" said I. "Yes, I knew him well. In fact, he was an old suitor of mine."
Thank Heaven, that I had the sense to turn away from him, and to marry a better, if poorer, man.
I was engaged to him, Mr. Holmes, when I heard a shocking story of how he had turned a cat loose in an aviary, and I was so horrified at his brutal cruelty that I would have nothing more to do with him.
Tom was engaged to Mary at one time.
Did you know Tom at that time?
Everything that could've gone wrong went wrong.
She rummaged in a bureau and produced a photograph of a woman.
The wood-pile was very dry, for it had not rained for a month. It burned like tinder, and by the time she reached the spot, nothing could be seen but flames.
I know its all wrong. I feel it in my bones.
There is something that has not come out, and that housekeeper knows it.
There was a sort of sulky defiance in her eyes, which only goes with guilty knowledge.
Theres no good talking any more about it.
Unless we succeed in establishing an alternative theory, this man is lost.
On looking over the bank-book I found that the low state of the balance was principally due to large cheques which have been made out during the last year to Mr. Cornelius.
Is it possible that he has had a hand in the affair?
I do not know how far Sherlock Holmes took any sleep that night, but when I came down to breakfast I found him pale and harassed, his bright eyes the brighter for the dark shadows round them.
An open telegram lay upon the table.
What do you think of this, Watson?
Lestrade met us, his face flushed with victory, his manner grossly triumphant.
A man can't expect always to have it his own way.
With dramatic suddenness he struck a match, and by its light exposed a stain of blood upon the whitewashed wall.
As he held the match nearer, I saw that it was more than a stain. It was the well-marked print of a thumb.
Look at that with your magnifying glass.
Look at that with your magnifying glass, Mr. Holmes. Yes, I am doing so.
An extraordinary change had come over his face.
An extraordinary change had come over his face. It was writhing with inward merriment.
His two eyes were shining like stars.
His eyes were shining like stars.
Her eyes were shining like stars.
Tom's eyes were shining like stars.
It seemed to me that he was making desperate efforts to restrain a convulsive attack of laughter.
Dear me! Dear me! he said at last.
Well, now, who would have thought it?
Some of us are a little too much inclined to be cocksure.
Who made this remarkable discovery?
I am a practical man.
With a confused brain, but with a heart into which some warmth of hope was returning, I accompanied my friend in a walk round the garden.
I accompanied my friend in a walk around the garden.
Most of the rooms were unfurnished.
Holmes stood before us with the air of a conjurer who is performing a trick.
Lestrades face had begun to grow red and angry.
I assure you, my good Lestrade, that I have an excellent reason for everything that I do.
A door suddenly flew open out of what appeared to be solid wall at the end of the corridor.
A door suddenly flew open out of what appeared to be solid wall at the end of the corridor, and a little, wizened man darted out of it, like a rabbit out of its burrow.
The detective stared at the newcomer with blank amazement.
It was an odious facecrafty, vicious, malignant, with shifty, light-grey eyes and white lashes.
I have done no harm.
You have saved an innocent mans life, and you have prevented a very grave scandal.
All his life he has longed for vengeance.
All his life he had longed for vengeance.
He determined to swindle his creditors, and for this purpose he paid large cheques to a certain Mr. Cornelius, who is, I imagine, himself under another name.
Mary stood in the moonlight.
Tom stood in the moonlight.
Mary waited for a kiss.
Tom wasn't sure whether he should kiss Mary or not, so he didn't.
Tom wasn't sure if he should kiss Mary or not, so he didn't.
It happened as the frog said.
It happened the way Tom said it did.
It didn't really happen the way Tom said it did.
What specifically are you looking for?
She wanted vengeance because she was not invited.
She turned away without saying a word and left the room.
He stayed completely alone in the castle.
A rusty key was set in the lock.
The boy has made a mistake.
Tom's injury seems serious.
I don't really enjoy doing this.
We want to get to know Tom.
I don't speak French or English.
We were with Tom yesterday.
I don't want to go to the party.
Why does Tom feel that way?
I wanted to stay in bed all day.
Why does Tom need a hammer?
I was reluctant to say anything.
Why does Tom want all that?
I'm not familiar with the topic.
Why does Tom want all this?
I'm not used to working outside.
The wind ceased and not even the smallest leaf moved on the trees.
Because that's what they called my brother.
She was so beautiful that he could not turn his eyes away.
She is going.
Mohand Akli Haddadou has just passed away.
A brother and a sister played next to a well.
They were in a coma.
Shall we compel you to accept it ?
That information is ancillary to our discussion.
I was pregnant before Taninna.
I went to Ireland on a tourist visa.
Yidir deleted the paragraph from his computer.
He is cleaning the toilets.
He is living the good life.
She loved his mother.
Taninna is not just my sister. She is my best friend.
He bought this camera.
Mary said I made them cry.
She loved butterflies.
She saw a big monarch butterfly in the garden.
She is extremely opinionated but very loving.
She got into a fight with her mom.
She fit a very large personality into a small body.
She told me in the letter what she didn't like about me.
She doesn't care at all.
She always said what was on her mind.
She brought life into everybody.
She never stopped loving Taninna.
She is still my daughter.
She never stopped loving me.
She was an extremely beautiful woman.
She has been married three times.
She can't remember.
She was very motherly.
She never drank in front of her daughter.
Is this a shitpost?
The flowers let him pass without wounding him.
In the castle courtyard he saw the horses sleep.
Everything was so quiet you could hear his breathing.
When he touched her she opened her eyes.
The doves on the roof pulled their little heads out from their wings.
The flies on the wall continued to crawl.
The roast began to roast again.
Tom is a well-known shitposter.
I laughed until I cried. Silly little boy....
After several beers she told him. She said she had no choice. He forgave her, and they made a plan. He would be none the wiser and would play hide-N-seek as if he were still in the game.
She searched for her house key in her bag, but she didn't find it.
He told me his life story.
In America, the people speak English.
In the USA, the people speak English.
My favourite subject is maths.
He often plays in the garden.
Swear you'll never go back to that house.
Have you ever heard them play the piano?
How does he know?
Sami is a Sunni Muslim.
Sami is a Shiite Muslim.
Where did she go?
Sami is a Shafi'i Muslim.
Sami follows the Hanbali school.
Sami follows the Hanafi madhab.
Sami became interested in Sufism.
Where did she stay?
Where did she eat?
Where did Yidir hide?
Sami read the Masnavi.
Where did Yidir study?
Where did she park?
Where did Yidir live?
Where did he work?
Where did she do that?
Where did she learn Tamazight?
Where did she see Taninna?
Where did she see her?
They know too much.
They know who I mean.
They need to help me.
Tom, listen to me!
I sometimes mispronounce words.
Tom and Mary are architects.
I've learned to ignore the pain.
Tom is a cranky old man.
It's going to be very hot today.
None of us did well on the test.
Tom flew to Boston today.
We didn't know what to do first.
Tom took Mary to the clinic.
They know why I left.
They're way too late.
I have captured you, and now you have to work hard for me.
The boy threw a comb behind him.
Then the girl threw a mirror behind her.
I should go home to get my axe.
You have a piece of cake and a bottle of wine.
Don't leave the street, otherwise you'll fall and you'll break the glass.
Look at the beautiful flowers standing here around us.
If you see her, don't forget to say 'good morning'.
He didn't know how malevolent the man was and thus didn't fear him.
"I will do everything right", she swore to her mother.
Not all swans are white.
My grandmother lives outside in the forest, one hour from the village.
One moment, what do you have under your apron?
I cooked yesterday so that my sick mother could have something good to eat.
The house is a bit more than an hour away in the forest, under three large oaks.
I'm too weak and can't stand up.
I have to go to school, even though it is so cheerful out in the forest.
Look at how the sun's rays dance here and there between the trees.
On the door the words 'lift the latch to enter' are written.
Tom bought a new collar for his dog.
Tom likes orange.
I had so many flowers that I couldn't carry any more.
Oh my God, how fearful I feel today.
Why do you have such a terrifying large mouth?
He fell asleep and began snoring very loudly.
How loudly the old lady is snoring! Somebody should check to see if she is okay.
I've found you, you old sinner. I've been looking for you for a long time.
I won't leave the road again for the rest of my life.
It wanted to crawl behind her and devour her in the darkness.
He slipped from the roof directly into the trough and drowned.
Mary doesn't know that what she did was wrong.
Everyone says that, the whole village and even the peasants in the countryside.
Today the weather is magnificent and the children play in the fields.
Where did Taninna find it?
Where did she see them?
Where did she meet Yidir?
Where did she learn that?
Where did she hear that?
Where did she buy them?
Where did she find them?
Where did she sell them?
Where did she hide them?
Where did she kill them?
Where did she grow up?
Where did she find Yidir?
Where did she find that?
Where did she learn karate?
Where did she buy flowers?
Where did she buy it?
Where did she leave it?
Where did she put it?
Where did she find these?
Where did she read that?
Where did she do time?
Where did she send Yidir?
Where did she hide it?
Where did she move to?
Where did she take them?
Where did she send them?
Where did she send him?
Where did she send her?
Where did she see him?
Where did she get to?
Where did she eat lunch?
Where did she study Tamazight?
Where did she buy this?
Where did she study yesterday?
Where did she swim yesterday?
Where did she go swimming?
Where did she go fishing?
Where did she go skiing?
Where did she go today?
Where did she go last Friday?
Where did she get the idea?
Where did she find that doll?
Where did she find the key?
Where did she find that book?
Where did she buy the shoes?
Where did she find the wallet?
Where did she live last year?
Where did he spend his holidays?
Where did she see the boy?
Where did she see the woman?
Where did she see those women?
Where did she see this woman?
Where did she buy that dress?
Where did she buy her schoolbag?
Where did she find her key?
Where did she get this list?
Where did sh get this list?
Where did she buy this book?
Where did she put the ketchup?
Where did she sleep last night?
Where did she hear that story?
Where did she put my keys?
Where did she buy this guitar?
Where did she buy the flowers?
Where did she park the car?
Where did she eat last night?
Where did she leave her umbrella?
Where did she buy that sweater?
Where did he get that suit?
Where did she get that document?
Where did she get that scar?
Where did she get that water?
Where did she get the eggs?
Where did she get the money?
I love my sheep, they are so docile and nice.
The red poppies are like tiny flames in the countryside.
I want to live there where the eagles make their nests and the goats leap on the rocks.
I love being free and living in nature.
I want to wander from one place to the next without knowing where my home is.
Speaking English well is difficult.
Europe has a common currency; let's give it a common language: Esperanto.
She turned around and quickly disappeared into the forest.
I fell to the ground, and cried for the first time in my life.
They can stay with us.
That castle is so strong that only an earthquake can destroy it.
We didn't need to come so early.
Tom lay down on the towel.
We have to do this by ourselves.
Tom wants to stay with Mary.
What did you put into the boxes?
Why does Tom worry so much?
You should keep your desk clean.
Tom and Mary drank champagne.
You should keep your room clean.
I asked Tom to mow our lawn.
Europe has its own currency; let's give it a common language: Esperanto.
People know that there were young men of noble rank amongst them.
There has never been monoculturalism without oppression.
Political monoculturalism is genocide.
He became angry and imprisoned her in the castle tower.
After the activities of the second day she stayed the night with a countryman.
They said that the old woman was in fact a sorceress.
After the transformation she did not notice any change on herself.
The children played in the ball pit.
Every year on November 20th, the transgender community observes Transgender Day of Remembrance to memorialize members of the community who have been murdered over the last year.
I'll speak in German with you.
I'm a private English teacher.
We share a Netflix account.
Where did he stay when he was in Algeria?
Where did she buy that soap?
Where did she learn to drive?
Where did she learn to shoot?
Where did she put my umbrella?
Where did she find my wallet?
Where did she find my keys?
Where did she find my glasses?
Where did she learn all this?
Where did she buy those pants?
Where did she buy that cap?
Where did she stay in Algiers?
I'm Mary's son.
I can't use my powers!
Where's my sword?
Embrace me.
He's taken.
Mary stood in the moonlight and waited for a kiss.
They stood in the moonlight.
Tom and Mary stood in the moonlight.
Aren't you going to introduce us?
I didn't want to go to the party.
Tom came in out of the rain.
I don't have one of those things.
Tom waited in line with Mary.
I don't know what's in that room.
Tom can go with us tomorrow.
I don't know where my gloves are.
Tom didn't want to upset Mary.
I don't do things like that anymore.
Tom did that at our request.
I'm not familiar with this topic.
Tom loves Mary more than I do.
I hope things work out for you.
Tom is a Virgo.
I'm a Virgo.
Tom is a Taurus.
I'm a Taurus.
Tom is a Scorpio.
I'm a Scorpio.
Tom is a Sagittarius.
I'm a Sagittarius.
Tom is a Pisces.
I'm a Pisces.
Tom is a Libra.
I'm a Libra.
Tom is a Leo.
I'm a Leo.
Tom is a Gemini.
I'm a Gemini.
Tom is a Capricorn.
I'm a Capricorn.
Tom is a Cancer.
I'm a Cancer.
Tom is an Aries.
I'm an Aries.
Tom is an Aquarius.
I'm an Aquarius.
What's your astrological sign?
What's your zodiac sign?
I'm not used to working outdoors.
Tom didn't know I'd be here.
I'm the one responsible for that.
Tom didn't say where Mary went.
It's going to be quite hot today.
Sometimes repetition of a word can be applied to one's advantage as a means of emphasis.
However, the goddess of the fairies felt compassion for her.
If you return to your country of birth, you will be free and will become happy.
At first I thought it impossible that a virtuous man would show up.
As soon as he gives the sign, you have to fall into the river and call for help.
He collected the figs and threw them in the basket, ready to leave.
Want me to accompany you, young man?
A young man arrived by horse, jumped to the ground and observed the army.
It seems to me that he was the standard-bearer of the royal army during the war.
After that he stood again on the shore, as if nothing had happened.
There, a merchant arrived by horse, accompanied by his servant.
The merchant had sold goods in the city, and now planned to journey back.
He was tired and decided to enjoy a few minutes of rest at the river.
The slippery body of the nymph swam agilely like a fish.
He threw handfuls of jewels to the ground before his girlfriend.
Right nearby reverbated a loud snapping of leather and a cry for help.
Hearing the shouting, don't you want to go there to save her?
I discovered that the magic treasures were nothing more than ordinary stones.
I called her to demand an explanation, but she had already disappeared and did not return.
The dark hills in the surroundings responded with a mocking echo.
I walked without hope, already resigned to the certain fate of being abandoned forever.
Two men arrived and prepared themselves a comfortable seat on the riverbank.
Will we be searched?
Some good news: it was the knight with his squire.
He intended to acquire more fertile grounds here than those that he possessed.
Lord help me.
Tom often emails me jokes.
Tom often emails jokes to me.
Tom often sends me jokes.
Tom often sends jokes to me.
But my lord, we can become rich.
He fought bravely against the current and reached the woman who had nearly drowned.
It seemed as heavy as a lump of lead.
Suddenly I felt solid ground under my feet.
Tom wasn't given the chance that you and I were.
Tom wasn't given the chance you and I were.
I'll buy paper, and other things that I need.
I'll buy paper, and other things I need.
The old man the boat.
The work of George Orwell has been subverted by the same kind of counterrevolutionary elements he fought in Spain and opposed during World War II.
I don't want to eat much, because I don't want to gain weight.
And that was the moment we expected.
Before the doors stood four guardians armed with halberds.
And suddenly he appeared with a trident in his hand.
The squire observed the whole spectacle with astonishment.
In my right arm I held a completely changed creature.
The object had recovered its previous appearance.
I think she has a face radiating with youth.
This silken vest here, green like the sea, reminds us that we spent three days under the ocean.
Then the god of death spoke in a loud voice.
Why don't we remember the first years of our lives?
I don't like cold days.
How's the weather like in your country?
I have found a car suitable for my age!
I have adopted a beautiful dog. Its prior owner was very abusive, and it sometimes wanders. Though it's not the first dog I have adopted, it is more frightened than any of the others. The brutality it endured from its previous owners is unconscionable. It needs discipline, not brutality. A owner who breaks a dog's spirit will never know true love from his dog. It will be fake and submissive. But that kind of owner doesn't really care; for them, a dog is a dog. I will wait days and put a new collar on it, and then it will know that it is safe from its past abusers.
The charming Isabelle Adjani is Kabyle.
The talented comedian Danny Boon is a Kabyle.
"The wounds received in battle bestow honor, they do not take it away..."
"It is one thing to write as a poet and another to write as a historian: the poet can recount or sing about things not as they were, but as they should have been, and the historian must write about them not as they should have been, but as they were, without adding or subtracting anything from the truth."
... truth, whose mother is history, who is the rival of time, depository of deeds, witness of the past, example and lesson to the present, and warning to the future.
He was held under guard.
He bullies younger children.
Repent!
Jerry wish he knew who to talk to. He has nobody to call. Time ticks. He has no intention to upset the old man, but he has not a clue as to how to ask him what will please him.
Onward, upward higher and higher, over difficulties and dangers, until we look down on a conquered world, within, one of evil thoughts and evil passions subdued; without, one surpassed in the race of honor and power
Down through the misty vistas of the ages rings a clarion declaration and although the very heavens echo to the reverberations, but few hear and fewer understand: "In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God and the Word was God."  Here then is the eternal paradox. The Word is lost yet it is ever with us. The light that illumines the distant horizon shines in our hearts. "Thou wouldist not seek me hadst thou not found me." We travel afar only to find that which we hunger for at home.
Tom lit the candle on the table.
What's your ascendant?
What's your rising sign?
What's your Moon sign?
Where is Jupiter in your birth chart?
He works at the European Central Bank.
If I were you, I would walk.
It's raining cats and dogs!
It's snowing galore!
Tom doesn't call me anymore.
It's going to get very hot today.
Tom made Mary wait three hours.
Mr. Jackson is a history teacher.
Tom explained what he meant.
Thank you for helping me do that.
It is very important for a language to have original literature.
For some time now I've had the same dream every night.
The nightmare always begins every night.
All apartments in that building are silent.
Has that information been proven?
Has that information been verified?
That will teach you a lesson.
That will serve as a lesson to you.
He translated his sentence.
I don't know any of them.
I don't know either Tom or Mary.
I don't know any of those people over there.
I don't think that I know any of Tom's classmates.
They discovered that the nightgown was soaked with blood.
He ran out of his room and looked for his parents.
Tom offered to lend Mary money.
Thank you for helping me do this.
Tom failed to make us laugh.
We both forgot about the meeting.
I'm sorry, Tom. I don't approve of your methods.
My poor sister, she was so young.
My eyes fill with tears and I cry.
I don't know the exact place where I was born.
I don't like cats and my brother doesn't either.
I don't think they'll accept these terms and conditions.
I don't think that they'll accept these terms and conditions.
I might've done well on yesterday's test, but I don't know the results yet.
I don't feel sad.
I don't like music.
I don't sleep well.
I don't feel guilty.
I don't mince words.
I don't know that lady.
I don't know this lady.
I don't like this house.
I don't need money now.
I don't mind what you do.
I don't want your houses.
I don't accept your excuse.
I don't want anybody at all.
I don't mind what people say.
I don't want any milk at all.
I don't doubt it in the least.
I don't fear death, but dying.
I don't want to make a mistake.
I don't allow sleeping in class.
I don't believe in magic spells.
I don't believe that God exists.
I don't have anything in my bag.
I don't react well to surprises.
I don't want any bananas at all.
I don't like mathematics very much.
I don't live to eat, but eat to live.
I just don't like any kind of sports.
I don't even know what to say to that.
I truly don't understand the question.
I don't quite understand what you mean.
I don't think their plan will work out.
I don't believe in the existence of God.
I don't feel like drinking beer tonight.
I don't much care for this kind of drink.
I don't play tennis as much as I used to.
I like meat, but eggs don't agree with me.
I don't like to perform in front of others.
I don't and never will feed my dog raw fish.
I don't know whether to accept or to refuse.
I don't like wearing anybody else's clothes.
I don't know the woman talking to our teacher.
I believe that we don't in fact need to do this.
I don't like work even when someone else is doing it.
I don't understand the exact meaning of this sentence.
I don't remember seeing the letter, but perhaps I read it.
I noticed a note on my desk, but I don't know who wrote it.
I don't like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.
I met so many people that I don't even remember their faces.
I don't know whether to take it as a compliment or an insult.
I don't believe the weather will change for the worse next week.
I don't know the woman who's talking to our teacher.
I don't like math very much.
I don't want your house.
This is the central location for discussing issues and asking for help.
Use the language you know, and translate what you wish.
Tom isn't as nimble as he used to be.
Tom isn't a huge basketball fan.
Tom isn't going to be amused.
Tom's father isn't listed on his birth certificate.
Tom's computer isn't responding.
It's clear Tom isn't yet convinced.
I'm pretty sure Tom isn't still interested in Mary.
I understand everything now and I regret that Tom isn't here with me now.
That isn't my pen.
That's not my pen.
That isn't a tiger.
That's not a tiger.
That isn't altogether bad.
That's not altogether bad.
That isn't altogether false.
That's not altogether false.
That isn't possible anymore.
That isn't an orange, either.
That's not an orange, either.
That isn't much of a problem.
That's not much of a problem.
That isn't quite what I wanted.
That isn't one of my priorities.
That's not one of my priorities.
That isn't how we do things here.
That's not how we do things here.
That isn't high on my list of priorities.
That's not high on my list of priorities.
That isn't feasible with current technology.
That's not feasible with current technology.
That isn't a proper subject to bring up in conversation at the dinner table.
That's not a proper subject to bring up in conversation at the dinner table.
Arriving in the kitchen, I see four loaves of bread.
My childhood dream came true.
He runs as fast as he can across the border.
This isn't OK.
This isn't salt.
This isn't true.
This isn't my day.
This isn't so bad.
This isn't so fun.
This isn't a drill.
This isn't a tiger.
This isn't a trick.
This isn't my home.
This isn't natural.
This isn't a mistake.
This isn't expensive.
This isn't important.
This isn't my ticket.
This isn't true love.
This isn't a sentence.
This isn't acceptable.
This isn't negotiable.
This isn't witchcraft.
This isn't easy at all.
This isn't good at all.
This isn't our problem.
This isn't my specialty.
This isn't satisfactory.
This isn't the entrance.
This isn't very stylish.
This isn't what we want.
This isn't my first time.
This isn't your best work.
This isn't a small problem.
This isn't exactly healthy.
This isn't a dating website.
This isn't an easy question.
This isn't the best solution.
This isn't an emergency issue.
This isn't my area of expertise.
This isn't the end of the world.
This isn't a time for celebration.
This isn't something I'm proud of.
This isn't how I wanted this to end.
This isn't a job that a woman can do.
This isn't at all what I had expected.
This isn't exactly my idea of having fun.
Love isn't enough.
A promise isn't enough.
Obedience isn't enough.
One language isn't enough.
Love alone isn't enough for a successful international marriage.
It isn't necessary to make a decision now about where to meet.
We don't need to make a decision now about where to meet.
In the distance can be seen a mage clothed entirely in black.
Surprisingly, at first glance the room was empty.
That isn't the best solution.
It isn't until you get sick that you realize the value of good health.
It's not until you get sick that you realize the value of good health.
It isn't until you have lost your health that you realize its value.
It's not until you have lost your health that you realize its value.
It isn't until we lose our health that we realize the value of it.
It's not until we lose our health that we realize the value of it.
It isn't till we lose our health that we realize its true value.
It's not till we lose our health that we realize its true value.
It isn't until you lose your health that you realize its value.
It's not until you lose your health that you realize its value.
It isn't until we lose our health that we appreciate its value.
It's not until we lose our health that we appreciate its value.
It isn't so.
It's not so.
Today's not my day.
Today isn't my day.
The question isn't so much what it is as how it looks.
The youngest teacher at our school isn't so young.
The problem isn't so much the cost as the time.
This city isn't as busy as it used to be.
Mine isn't as good as yours.
The bread isn't fresh.
Prison life isn't fun.
My brother isn't busy.
Hope isn't a strategy.
Dancing isn't a crime.
This house isn't new.
This bag isn't small.
The nurse isn't here.
Red isn't your color.
Today isn't so cold.
This cat isn't ours.
The game isn't over.
The coat isn't mine.
My son isn't a snob.
My dog isn't so big.
War isn't worth it.
The cat isn't dead.
Love isn't a crime.
My older brother isn't busy.
The youngest teacher at our school isn't all that young.
There's nothing on earth that's not affected by the sun.
There's nothing on earth that isn't affected by the sun.
There's not much difference between the two opinions.
There isn't much difference between the two opinions.
There's not much doubt about the cause of the fire.
There isn't much doubt about the cause of the fire.
There's not much I can do to help, I'm afraid.
There isn't much I can do to help, I'm afraid.
There's not much traffic on this road.
There isn't much traffic on this road.
There's not a drop of water left.
There isn't a drop of water left.
There's not much hope.
There isn't much hope.
One of my childhood dreams came true: I'm a truck driver.
This canoe isn't safe.
This house isn't mine.
This joke isn't funny.
This cow isn't branded.
This fish isn't edible.
This pencil isn't gray.
This car isn't for sale.
This diamond isn't real.
This book isn't for sale.
This letter isn't signed.
This list isn't official.
This bag isn't big enough.
This boat isn't seaworthy.
This house isn't for sale.
This report isn't perfect.
This river isn't polluted.
This snake isn't venomous.
This bed isn't comfortable.
This fish isn't fit to eat.
This list isn't exhaustive.
This room isn't very large.
This sentence isn't French.
This beer isn't cold enough.
This house isn't very large.
This coffee isn't hot enough.
This couch isn't comfortable.
This problem isn't avoidable.
This tape recorder isn't new.
This knife isn't sharp enough.
This word isn't in common use.
This mushroom isn't good to eat.
This book isn't about linguistics.
This book isn't as large that one.
This box isn't as big as that one.
This book isn't dedicated to anyone.
This blackboard isn't black, but green.
This sort of music isn't my cup of tea.
This highway isn't very bicycle-friendly.
This material isn't suitable for a dress.
This golf course isn't open to non-members.
This railing isn't as stable as it could be.
This tie isn't suitable for a situation like this.
This information isn't as up-to-date as it should be.
This sentence isn't a translation. It's the original.
This room isn't all that large.
This isn't a poisonous snake.
This snake isn't poisonous.
There's no signature on this letter.
This letter hasn't been signed.
That fish isn't edible.
That room isn't very large.
That problem isn't avoidable.
That water isn't safe to drink.
That black bird isn't a blackbird.
That certainly isn't the case in Boston.
That hotel isn't all it's cracked up to be.
The flower isn't black.
The decision isn't easy.
The issue isn't settled.
The apple isn't yet ripe.
The decision isn't final.
The image isn't in focus.
The law isn't always fair.
The hospital isn't crowded.
The price isn't reasonable.
The stream isn't very swift.
The work isn't finished yet.
The decision isn't yet final.
The house isn't occupied now.
The plan isn't yet finalized.
The sample isn't pure enough.
The mayor isn't available now.
The problem isn't settled yet.
The car isn't illegally parked.
The doctor isn't available now.
The book you brought isn't mine.
The chair isn't near the window.
The museum isn't open on Monday.
The report isn't quite finished.
The money on the desk isn't mine.
The problem isn't insurmountable.
The cause of the fire isn't known.
The world isn't what it used to be.
The paint on the door isn't dry yet.
The book that you brought isn't mine.
The problem isn't worth consideration.
The rumor isn't true as far as I know.
The world isn't as scary as you think.
The house isn't in very good condition.
The job isn't suitable for young girls.
The house isn't ideal, but it's all right.
The motive for the murder isn't yet known.
The number you have called isn't in service.
The problem before us today isn't a new one.
The difference in our ages isn't significant.
The ice isn't thick enough to hold our weight.
The precise time of their arrival isn't known.
The measure of success isn't necessarily money.
The weather forecast isn't necessarily reliable.
The presidential election isn't a beauty contest.
The current political situation isn't very stable.
The sort of information we need isn't always available.
The moon isn't always the same distance away from Earth.
The tragedy must be remembered so that it isn't repeated.
The government isn't doing its best to solve the housing problem.
The battery indicator light is showing that the battery isn't getting charged.
Suddenly he heard a laugh, a laugh he recognized.
Those apples aren't ripe yet.
My ladder isn't broken.
My father isn't home yet.
My father isn't talkative.
My boyfriend isn't a loser.
My family isn't that large.
My family isn't very large.
My work isn't complete yet.
My French isn't good at all.
My family isn't all that large.
My mother isn't always at home.
My work isn't as easy as yours.
My dad isn't home at the moment.
My bike isn't anything like yours.
My jacket isn't the same as yours.
My bedroom isn't as clean as yours.
My sister isn't a high school student.
My findings suggest that isn't the case.
My sight isn't as good as it used to be.
My findings suggest that that isn't the case.
My experience tells me that isn't a good idea.
I'm disappointed that my friend isn't here.
I'm disappointed my friend isn't here.
I'm disappointed my friends aren't here.
Your daughter isn't a child anymore.
I'm sorry my friend isn't here.
Who'll go there isn't yet decided.
Who'll go there hasn't been decided.
Yelling and screaming isn't going to get you anywhere.
Nowadays it isn't unusual for a woman to travel alone.
It's difficult bringing up a child who isn't your own.
To the best of my knowledge, the rumor isn't true.
I appreciate that this isn't an easy task for you.
A six-figure income isn't uncommon for physicians.
What's important isn't the goal, but the journey.
Wealth isn't as important as health or happiness.
It seems to me that this isn't entirely wrong.
A language isn't something you learn all at once.
Recent studies suggest that this isn't the case.
An enemy of an enemy isn't necessarily an ally.
Red wine isn't traditionally served with fish.
Am I the only one who thinks this isn't right?
Your question isn't relevant to the subject.
Drunk in moderation, alcohol isn't harmful.
Your comment isn't relevant to the matter.
Smoking isn't allowed inside the elevator.
Recent studies have shown that isn't true.
Life in the country isn't always tranquil.
Let's go to the park where it isn't noisy.
Columbus proved that the world isn't flat.
What I need isn't money, but your advice.
Strictly speaking, the earth isn't round.
French isn't all that difficult to learn.
I'm sorry, this painting isn't for sale.
Hunting isn't allowed in national parks.
Finding time to write a book isn't easy.
Come on, guys. This isn't funny anymore.
Swimming isn't permitted in this river.
It looks like today isn't my lucky day.
As far as I know, the rumor isn't true.
What I want now isn't money, but time.
Swimming in this lake isn't permitted.
Speaking foreign languages isn't easy.
Mt. Fuji isn't as tall as Mt. Everest.
I believe that this isn't a good idea.
Fishing isn't permitted in this river.
Your work isn't as difficult as mine.
Talking in the library isn't allowed.
Swimming isn't allowed in this river.
Smoking isn't permitted on the train.
Fishing isn't permitted in this lake.
Delivery isn't included in the price.
Acid rain isn't a natural phenomenon.
One way isn't better than the other.
Now isn't the time for explanations.
Look, this isn't that big of a deal.
I'm afraid this data isn't reliable.
Halloween isn't a religious holiday.
Classical music isn't my cup of tea.
Art isn't a luxury, but a necessity.
Two against one isn't a fair fight.
Smoking isn't allowed in this room.
Logical thinking isn't my strength.
French isn't only spoken in France.
Yawning in a meeting isn't polite.
What people say isn't always true.
Right now my father isn't at home.
I think your plan isn't realistic.
Speaking the truth isn't a crime.
Smoking isn't permitted in class.
Sleeping in class isn't allowed.
Liquor isn't sold at this store.
Life isn't fair. Get used to it.
I'm sorry, my father isn't home.
I'm sorry, my dad isn't at home.
I hope this seat isn't occupied.
Competition isn't bad in itself.
Your idea isn't entirely crazy.
Skydiving isn't my idea of fun.
Learning a language isn't easy.
Being a prince isn't that easy.
What they told you isn't true.
This, however, isn't possible.
Smoking on duty isn't allowed.
Smoking isn't a healthy habit.
Most work isn't very pleasant.
I only hope it isn't too late.
Clearly, the rumor isn't true.
Your approval isn't required.
What you want isn't possible.
Spring fever isn't a disease.
Smoking isn't permitted here.
School isn't a waste of time.
Life isn't all fun and games.
For me, this isn't a problem.
All that glitters isn't gold.
Now isn't the time to panic.
Life isn't meant to be easy.
Climate change isn't a hoax.
Today isn't your lucky day.
Our new car isn't very big.
Fashion isn't my specialty.
Bigger isn't always better.
Pink isn't just for girls.
Being a prince isn't easy.
More isn't always better.
Jazz isn't my speciality.
Yours isn't bad, either.
Today isn't good for me.
Safety isn't guaranteed.
Retreat isn't an option.
Jazz isn't my specialty.
Europe isn't a country.
Alcoholism isn't funny.
Africa isn't a country.
I believe this isn't a good idea.
Am I the only one who thinks that this isn't right?
Tom wasn't allowed to board the plane because he didn't hold a valid travel document.
Tom said that that wasn't his problem.
Tom said jokingly he wasn't very rich.
Tom said jokingly that he wasn't very rich.
Tom sensed something wasn't quite right.
Tom sensed that something wasn't quite right.
Tom acknowledged what he'd said earlier wasn't true.
Tom acknowledged that what he'd said earlier wasn't true.
Tom told me he wasn't at all interested in what Mary had to say.
Tom told me that he wasn't at all interested in what Mary had to say.
Tom told me he wasn't at all interested in going to the museum with us.
Tom told me that he wasn't at all interested in going to the museum with us.
I think it's highly unlikely Tom wasn't aware he wouldn't be allowed to enter the museum without his parents.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom wasn't aware that he wouldn't be allowed to enter the museum without his parents.
Tom's lawyer wasn't surprised when the jury found him not guilty.
Tom acknowledged that what he said earlier wasn't true.
Tom's performance wasn't up to his fans' expectations.
The hotel I stayed in wasn't too far from Tom's house.
Tom wasn't permitted to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom wasn't surprised by what he read in the report.
Tom complained that the soup wasn't hot enough.
What Tom said to Mary wasn't completely true.
Tom wanted to know why Mary wasn't happy.
Tom wasn't invited to the party.
Tom wasn't exactly impressed.
Tom wasn't apologetic.
Tom acknowledged that what he'd said earlier was not true.
There is a large cabinet for clothing in the corner of the room.
Here's the big knife from our kitchen.
I often use the knife to cut bread.
Tom and Mary weren't famous.
Tom's feelings weren't reciprocated.
Both Tom and Mary weren't at home when we went to visit them.
I often use that knife you gave me.
I often cut bread with the knife you gave me.
Because that could have been the murderer, I hid myself under the bed.
The footsteps approach, and become louder.
Tom and I aren't a couple.
Tom and I aren't on the same team.
Tom's demands aren't unreasonable.
Tom and I aren't all that different.
Tom and I aren't talking to one another.
Tom and Mary aren't talking to one another.
Tom is in a coma and the doctors aren't sure if he's going to live.
I feel dizzy and lose consciousness.
I heard footsteps approaching.
I open my eyes and see a long brown braid.
I felt dizzy and fainted.
When I opened my eyes, I saw Tom leaning over me.
Tom hasn't yet arrived.
Tom hasn't yet been told of his father's death.
Tom has written several short stories, but hasn't yet published a book.
Tom wouldn't relent.
Tom most certainly wouldn't approve.
Tom just wouldn't speak to anyone but you.
Tom couldn't afford to go to the concert.
There was no way I couldn't have asked Tom that question.
Tom's guilt couldn't be proven without the murder weapon.
We shouldn't have angered Tom.
It's morning now, so let's have breakfast in the sun.
Everything's fine. It was just a bad dream, a nightmare.
You need to get dressed quickly if you want to go to the kitchen and eat.
That isn't Tom's.
That isn't for Tom.
That isn't Tom's fault.
That isn't all Tom said.
That isn't what Tom did.
That isn't what Tom does.
That isn't what Tom said.
That isn't what Tom says.
That isn't why Tom did it.
That isn't how Tom sees it.
That isn't my problem, Tom.
That isn't what I told Tom.
That isn't your fault, Tom.
That isn't Tom. That's John.
That isn't what Tom told me.
That isn't what Tom told us.
That isn't why Tom did that.
That isn't why Tom resigned.
That isn't what Tom is asking.
That isn't why Tom didn't win.
That isn't good enough for Tom.
That isn't one of Tom's, is it?
That isn't Tom's responsibility.
That isn't entirely Tom's fault.
That isn't what Tom wants to do.
That isn't what Tom wanted to do.
That isn't why I'm afraid of Tom.
That isn't something Tom would do.
That isn't why Tom and I are here.
That isn't why Tom didn't do that.
That isn't what Tom promised to do.
That isn't what Tom wants you to do.
That isn't your bicycle, is it, Tom?
That isn't what Tom and I were doing.
That isn't what Tom is talking about.
That isn't what Tom wanted you to do.
That isn't why Tom agreed to do that.
That isn't what Tom is planning to do.
That isn't what Tom was planning to do.
That isn't what Tom and I are afraid of.
That isn't why I called you in here, Tom.
That isn't the kind of thing Tom would do.
That isn't what Tom and I are going to do.
That isn't what Tom and I are looking for.
That isn't what Tom is going to talk about.
That isn't something Tom really wants to do.
That isn't what Tom and I were talking about.
That isn't what Tom and I were planning to do.
That isn't what Tom is planning to talk about.
That isn't really why you don't like Tom, is it?
You aren't Tom's type.
You aren't alone, Tom.
You aren't Tom, are you?
You aren't helping, Tom.
You aren't that old, Tom.
You aren't as young as Tom.
You aren't scaring me, Tom.
You aren't too old for Tom.
You aren't anything like Tom.
You aren't going to find Tom.
You aren't alone anymore, Tom.
You aren't going to catch Tom.
You aren't fooling anyone, Tom.
You aren't in any trouble, Tom.
You aren't just working for Tom.
You aren't a very good liar, Tom.
You aren't ambitious enough, Tom.
You aren't the only one Tom asked.
You aren't responsible for Tom anymore.
You aren't the only one Tom has cheated.
You aren't going to get away with this, Tom.
You aren't laying one finger on Tom's money.
You aren't the only one who cares about Tom.
You aren't fooling anybody, except maybe Tom.
You aren't the only one who doesn't like Tom.
You aren't the only one who doesn't believe Tom.
You aren't fooling anyone, Tom. We know it's you.
You aren't getting away from me that easily, Tom.
You aren't going to believe what happened to Tom.
You aren't suggesting Tom could have done it, are you?
You aren't the only one who has had problems with Tom.
You aren't likely to be able to convince Tom to do that.
You aren't going to find anybody better than Tom for the job.
You aren't going to find anyone better than Tom for the job.
You're not going to find anyone better than Tom for the job.
It isn't likely Tom went there.
It isn't likely Tom will do that tomorrow.
It isn't my place to question Tom's loyalty.
It isn't my place to question Tom's methods.
It isn't surprising Tom is proud of his son.
It isn't my place to question Tom's judgment.
It isn't my place to question Tom's decisions.
It isn't surprising that Tom is proud of his son.
It isn't likely that Tom will ever admit he's wrong.
It isn't likely that Tom will ever admit that he's wrong.
It isn't the first time Tom has done something like that.
It isn't the first time that Tom has done something like that.
It isn't that big of a deal if Tom doesn't like me all that much.
This shirt costs twelve pounds.
You never tell lies.
Tom didn't mince his words.
Tom says he didn't mean to kill Mary.
Tom didn't want to talk to the press about his personal life.
Tom didn't want to throw anything away because he thought that he might need it in the future.
You don't usually lie.
You don't usually lie. Why are you lying now?
Tom has never lied to me, as far as I know.
You didn't lie to Tom about that, did you?
Tom isn't a saint.
Tom isn't in his bed.
Tom isn't in his car.
Tom isn't at all sure.
Tom isn't a real person.
Tom isn't in the office.
Tom isn't missing, is he?
Tom isn't happy with that.
Tom isn't so good at math.
Tom isn't with us anymore.
Tom isn't into mathematics.
Tom isn't telling me something.
Tom isn't doing that many drugs.
Tom isn't in the best of health.
Tom isn't making any guarantees.
Tom isn't the one giving orders.
Tom isn't quite sure of that one.
Tom isn't a doctor. He's a lawyer.
Tom isn't as bad as you say he is.
Tom isn't really that into sports.
Tom isn't paying attention to the TV.
Tom isn't at all sure what he should do.
Tom isn't at all sure where he should go.
Tom isn't at all sure who he should talk to.
Tom isn't coming, because I don't want him to.
Tom isn't the only one around here who likes Mary.
Tom isn't much of a cook, but at least he tries.
Tom isn't the slightest bit interested in my suggestion.
Tom isn't going to be happy when he finds out what happened.
Tom isn't at all happy with the situation, but is prepared to accept it.
She may come today.
We are playing chess.
We're playing chess.
She rang me up at midnight.
He studies mathematics.
He studies maths.
He studies math.
He swallowed a coin.
She's an honest person.
Her family emigrated to the United States.
He asked us several questions.
My Hungarian is terrible.
She learned to swim.
Tom is still wearing his wedding ring, even though he isn't married anymore.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he isn't going to be at her party.
Tom usually plays a good game of tennis, but he isn't in good form today.
Tom said that he isn't interested in looking any deeper into that matter.
I used to hang out with Tom a lot, but these days he isn't around much.
You can tell just by looking at Tom that he isn't having any fun here.
I don't think that Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
Tom wants Mary to know he isn't planning on asking her to marry him.
Tom said he isn't interested in looking any deeper into that matter.
Tom may be a bit stupid, but he isn't as stupid as you think he is.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he isn't going to do that.
Tom said that he isn't sure whether Mary can take care of herself.
I don't think that Tom knows that he isn't supposed to park there.
Tom probably doesn't know he isn't supposed to help Mary do that.
I try to always be nice to Tom, even though he isn't nice to me.
I don't think Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that anymore.
Tom is going to hurt himself if he isn't a little more careful.
Tom is beginning to recover, but he isn't out of the woods yet.
I don't think that Tom knows that he isn't supposed to do that.
Tom knows that he should do something, but he isn't sure what.
Tom knows that he has to do something, but he isn't sure what.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom said he isn't sure whether Mary can take care of herself.
Tom is more than my friend, but he isn't quite my boyfriend.
Tom is going to get himself killed if he isn't more careful.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom knows he isn't supposed to be doing that.
Tom said that he isn't sure whether Mary wants to do that.
Tom said that he isn't sure whether Mary needs to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know he isn't supposed to park there.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that again.
I don't think Tom knows that he isn't supposed to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know he isn't likely to be punished.
Tom may be rich, but he isn't as rich as you think he is.
Tom knows he should do something, but he isn't sure what.
Tom knows he has to do something, but he isn't sure what.
I don't think that Tom knows he isn't likely to be fired.
Tom will hurt himself if he isn't a little more careful.
Tom said that he isn't sure whether Mary has to do that.
Tom is going to have a heart attack if he isn't careful.
Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to help Mary do that.
I don't think Tom knows he isn't supposed to park there.
Tom probably doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that.
Tom is going to get himself killed if he isn't careful.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to park there.
Tom says he isn't planning on staying here all winter.
Tom probably doesn't know he isn't likely to be fired.
Tom knows that he isn't supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom is a very close friend, but he isn't my boyfriend.
Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that anymore.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't likely to be punished.
Tom will get himself killed if he isn't more careful.
Tom said that he isn't sure whether Mary can do that.
Tom said he isn't sure whether Mary wants to do that.
Tom said he isn't sure whether Mary needs to do that.
Tom knows that he isn't very good at speaking French.
Tom is a good-looking guy, but he isn't too friendly.
Tom agreed to be here at 2:30, but he isn't here yet.
I don't think Tom knows he isn't supposed to do that.
Tom told me that he isn't certain what he should do.
Tom knows that he isn't supposed to do that anymore.
Tom is going to do that later when he isn't so busy.
Tom doesn't like being told he isn't old enough yet.
Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that again.
Tom certainly sounds like he isn't planning to come.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom knows he isn't likely to be fired.
Tom says he isn't planning to stay here all winter.
Tom said that he isn't planning on buying anything.
Tom said he isn't sure whether Mary has to do that.
Tom is hard to get along with, but he isn't stupid.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't likely to be fired.
Tom said that he isn't sure whether Mary can swim.
Tom said that he isn't looking for a relationship.
Tom knows that he isn't supposed to do that again.
Tom will have a heart attack if he isn't careful.
Tom told me that he isn't going to do that again.
Tom knows he isn't supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to park there.
I don't care what Tom does when he isn't at work.
Tom will get himself killed if he isn't careful.
Tom said that he isn't planning to buy anything.
Tom said he isn't sure whether Mary can do that.
Tom knows that he isn't supposed to eat peanuts.
Tom knows he isn't very good at speaking French.
Tom has money. However, he isn't all that happy.
Tom doesn't know he isn't likely to be punished.
Tom told me he isn't certain what he should do.
Tom knows that he isn't supposed to park there.
Tom knows he isn't supposed to do that anymore.
Tom is going to get killed if he isn't careful.
Did you tell Tom he isn't allowed in this room?
Tom said he isn't planning on buying anything.
Tom knows that he isn't likely to be punished.
Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that.
Tom could lose everything if he isn't careful.
Tom will do that later when he isn't so busy.
Tom said that he isn't sure if Mary can swim.
Tom said he isn't sure whether Mary can swim.
Tom said he isn't looking for a relationship.
Tom knows something that he isn't telling us.
Tom knows he isn't supposed to do that again.
Tom is going to get hurt if he isn't careful.
Tom doesn't know he isn't likely to be fired.
Tom told me he isn't going to do that again.
Tom says he isn't willing to take that risk.
Tom says he isn't planning on going anymore.
Tom says he isn't in love with Mary anymore.
Tom is still pretending he isn't interested.
Tom is in bed because he isn't feeling well.
Tom drinks, but he isn't drunk this morning.
You should tell Tom he isn't likely to win.
Tom should be glad he isn't here in Boston.
Tom said he isn't planning to buy anything.
Tom knows that he isn't likely to be fired.
Tom knows he isn't supposed to eat peanuts.
Tom is only pretending he isn't interested.
Tom is likely to tell Mary he isn't sleepy.
Tom is likely to tell Mary he isn't hungry.
Tom could hurt himself if he isn't careful.
Tom knows he isn't supposed to park there.
Tom is likely to tell Mary he isn't tired.
Tom should be glad he isn't here with us.
Tom says he isn't planning to go anymore.
Tom knows he isn't likely to be punished.
Tom is a painter, but he isn't very good.
If you're looking for Tom, he isn't here.
I'm not Tom's type, and he isn't my type.
Tom will likely tell Mary he isn't busy.
Tom will get killed if he isn't careful.
Tom says he isn't interested in romance.
Tom says he isn't going to Mary's party.
Tom said he isn't sure if Mary can swim.
Tom may end up dead if he isn't careful.
Tom knows something he isn't telling us.
Tom is very frugal, but he isn't stingy.
Tom says he isn't a member of any club.
Tom will get hurt if he isn't careful.
Tom wants us to think he isn't lonely.
Tom knows he isn't likely to be fired.
Tom says he isn't feeling any better.
Tom said that he isn't going to sing.
Tom knows that he isn't going to win.
Tom is young, but he isn't innocent.
Tom says he isn't going to do that.
Tom says he isn't enjoying himself.
Tom says he isn't coming back here.
Tom said that he isn't yet thirty.
Tom said that he isn't doing that.
Tom said that he isn't being used.
Tom phoned to say he isn't coming.
Tom says he isn't busy tomorrow.
Tom said that he isn't doing it.
Tom said he isn't going to sing.
Tom knows he isn't going to win.
Tom figures that he isn't alone.
Tom says he isn't interested.
Tom says he isn't happy here.
Tom said that he isn't alone.
Tom said he isn't yet thirty.
Tom said he isn't doing that.
Tom said he isn't being used.
Tom says he isn't concerned.
Tom says he isn't done yet.
Tom said he isn't doing it.
Tom figures he isn't alone.
Tom says he isn't guilty.
Tom says he isn't coming.
Tom says he isn't going.
Tom said he isn't alone.
Tom is good, but not good enough.
Tom is rich, but not rich enough.
Tom is happy not to be in your shoes.
Tom is alert.
Tom is flaky.
Tom is older.
Tom is a dope.
Tom is amazed.
Tom is so old.
Tom is choking.
Tom is defiant.
Tom is elderly.
Tom is injured.
Tom is unarmed.
Tom is hungover.
Tom is unharmed.
Tom is convinced.
Tom is repulsive.
Tom is sniffling.
Tom is dehydrated.
Tom is hesitating.
Tom is impossible.
Tom is comfortable.
Tom is suffocating.
Tom is a creature of habit and does pretty much the same thing every day.
Tom is a day trader.
Tom is out of a job.
Tom is a real expert.
Tom is a very bad guy.
Tom is a big, fat slob.
Tom is a bit freaked out.
Tom is a fantastic leader.
Tom is a fine-looking boy.
Tom is a great journalist.
Tom is a lot bigger than me.
Tom is a very good engineer.
Tom is a first-time offender.
Tom is a very gregarious person.
Tom is a bully, just like John is.
Tom is a great guy to hang out with.
Tom is a decent, law-abiding citizen.
Tom is a nice guy. Everyone likes him.
Tom is a beginner, but he catches on fast.
Tom is a lot smarter than people give him credit for.
Tom is a moderate drinker, but his father drinks like a fish.
Tom is a bit overweight, but formerly he was quite a good athlete.
Tom is a terrible joke teller, because he often forgets the punchline.
Tom is a natural when it comes to games involving hand-eye coordination.
Tom is a real night owl, and often does his best writing after midnight.
Tom is a very pessimistic person and always sees the negative side of any situation.
Tom is very effusive.
Tom is very big-headed.
Tom is very pleased with himself.
Tom is very upset about something.
Tom is very good at mental arithmetic.
Tom is very much in control of the situation.
Tom is very resilient and can always manage to smile, no matter what's going on in his life.
Tom is hallucinating.
Tom is getting chilly.
Tom is wrong, you know.
Tom is risking his life.
Tom is hiding something, too.
Tom is facing an uphill battle.
Tom is going to be quite happy.
Tom is going to be a grandfather again.
Tom is going to kill me when he finds out what I did.
Tom is doing very well these days.
Tom is building something behind his house.
Tom is hiding something, and Mary knows it.
Tom is searching for his biological father.
Tom is thinking of moving so he'll be closer to Mary.
Tom is finding it hard to accept that it's over between him and Mary.
Tom is living proof that you don't have to have brains to be successful.
Tom is wondering if any of his kids will remember that today is Father's Day.
Tom is out of the picture.
Tom is in the big leagues now.
Tom is in love with John's ex-wife.
Tom is in the construction business.
Tom is in love with Mary's best friend.
Tom is in love with Mary's younger sister.
Tom is in the habit of constantly finding fault with everything Mary does.
Tom is at the door. Please ask him to come in.
Tom is the smallest of the three.
Tom is the only guy in this class.
Tom is the only one who could've done this.
Tom is the only one who wasn't at Mary's party.
Tom is the best guitarist I've ever heard in person.
Tom is the last person I would've expected to have a heart attack.
Tom is the first to admit that, without Mary, he'd probably be in jail, or worse.
Tom is the kind of person who calls a spade a spade and a lot of people don't like that.
I hope it isn't Tom.
Tom said it isn't over.
Tom, it isn't your fault.
Tell Tom it isn't my fault.
Tom said that it isn't over.
Tom is lucky it isn't Monday.
How sure are you it isn't Tom?
Tom acknowledges it isn't fun.
Tom knows it isn't worth doing.
Tom is aware it isn't always easy.
Tom knows that it isn't worth doing.
Tom said it isn't going to end well.
Tom is so stupid it isn't even funny.
Tell Tom it isn't too late to sign up.
Tom and Mary are lucky it isn't Monday.
Tom said that it isn't going to end well.
Tom says it isn't too late to make amends.
Tom said it isn't the first time that happened.
I bet it isn't the first time Tom has done that.
Tom usually walks to school if it isn't raining.
Tom said that it isn't the first time that happened.
I bet it isn't the first time that Tom has done that.
Tom usually wears sunglasses even when it isn't so bright.
I'll be playing tennis with Tom this afternoon, but it isn't something I'm really looking forward to.
Tom saw a smile on Mary's face.
We really hope that that happens.
Tom got home from work late.
We really hope that you can come.
Tom finally told Mary the truth.
Why do you need that information?
Tom had no job at that time.
Why do you need this information?
Tom knew how to make Mary happy.
Why do you want all these things?
Tom hates it when I do that.
Why do you want that information?
Tom really is in love with Mary.
Both of my parents are good cooks.
Tom is doing well at school.
I don't know where my passport is.
Tom tiptoed past Mary's bedroom.
I don't mind the heat or the cold.
Tom is from another country.
I don't want my son to be like me.
Where did Tom work before?
Where did Tom go during his summer vacation?
Where did Tom get that scratch on his cheek?
Where did Tom spend his summer vacation?
Where did Tom go on his summer vacation?
Where did Tom get his camera repaired?
Where did Tom have his picture taken?
Where did Tom have his new suit made?
Where did Mary take her earrings off?
Where did Tom take his glasses off?
Where did Tom and Mary go for their honeymoon?
Where did Tom take his gloves off?
Where did Tom pick up his French?
Where did Tom meet his girlfriend?
Where did Tom take his socks off?
Where did Tom take his shoes off?
Where did Tom take his pants off?
Where did Tom take his jeans off?
Where did Tom take his boots off?
Where did Tom spend his vacation?
Where did Tom spend his holidays?
Where did Tom leave his umbrella?
Where did Tom leave his suitcase?
Where did Tom have his suit made?
Where did Tom buy his golf clubs?
Where did Tom lose his umbrella?
Where did Mary get her hair done?
Where did Tom buy his suitcase?
Where did Tom spend his summer?
Who did Tom buy his car from?
Where did Tom leave his shoes?
Where did Tom park his truck?
Where did Tom leave his bike?
Where did Tom get his degree?
Where did Tom get his shirt?
Where did Tom get his money?
Where did Tom buy his pants?
Where did Tom park his car?
Where did Tom find his key?
Where did Tom put his key?
Where did Tom buy his car?
Where did Tom get the money to pay for all this?
Where did Tom live before moving to Australia?
Where did Tom get those strange-looking shoes?
Where did Mary get the money to buy that dress?
Where did Tom find it, at school or at home?
Where did Tom live before moving to Boston?
Where did Tom learn such a difficult word?
Where did Tom learn how to sing the blues?
Where did Tom put the book he was reading?
Where did Tom get that great-looking hat?
Where did Tom get these delicious apples?
Where did you and Tom first meet each other?
Where did Tom put the television guide?
Where did Tom put the TV guide?
Where did Tom learn to dance like that?
Where did Mary get that beautiful dress?
Where did Tom get all this information?
Where did Tom pick up those old coins?
Where did Tom learn to sing the blues?
Where did Tom learn to cook like this?
Where did Tom go to elementary school?
Where did Tom get all that money from?
Where did Tom find that strange thing?
Where did Tom come up with that stuff?
Where did Tom learn to drive so well?
Where did Tom get this tennis racket?
Where did Tom get that piece of wire?
Where did Tom buy this tennis racket?
Where did Tom learn to speak French?
Where did Tom go shopping yesterday?
Where did Tom get that orange scarf?
Where did Tom get all those oranges?
Where did Tom find such an ugly hat?
Where did Tom serve during the war?
Where did Tom learn to play tennis?
Where did Tom get this sheet music?
Where did Tom get this photo taken?
Where did Tom get this information?
Where did Tom get all those plants?
Where did Tom catch all those fish?
Where did Mary buy this nail polish?
Where did Tom take these pictures?
Where did Tom put the screwdriver?
Where did Tom pick up that accent?
Where did Tom learn to make pizza?
Where did Tom get those old coins?
Where did Tom get that much money?
Where did Tom get this dog?
Where did Tom see that happening?
Where did Tom say this came from?
Where did Tom hide my cigarettes?
Where did Tom have the suit made?
Where did Tom go to kindergarten?
Where did Tom get these pictures?
Where did Tom get all those keys?
Where did Tom find this evidence?
Where did Tom buy these cherries?
Where did Tom take these photos?
Where did Tom say that happened?
Where did Tom put the newspaper?
Where did Tom go to high school?
Where did Tom go this afternoon?
Where did Tom get these clothes?
Where did Tom get that document?
Where did Tom get all this from?
Where did Tom find this picture?
Where did Tom end up doing that?
Where did Tom do that yesterday?
Where did Tom buy that raincoat?
Where did Tom work before this?
Where did Tom say that he heard that story?
Where did Tom and Mary meet each other?
Where did you and Tom meet each other?
Where did Tom find Mary's picture?
Where did Tom put Mary's picture?
Where did Tom go to in Australia?
Where did Tom meet your father?
Where did Tom learn to do this?
Where did Tom learn to babysit?
Where did Tom hide my passport?
Where did Tom hide my notebook?
Where did Tom get to know Mary?
Where did Tom get that sweater?
Where did Tom get on the train?
Where did Tom find those shoes?
Where did Tom find this wallet?
Where did Tom find my umbrella?
Where did Tom buy those gloves?
Where did Tom buy that T-shirt?
Where did Mary find that dress?
Where did Tom study yesterday?
Where did Tom stay last night?
Where did Tom see those women?
Where did Tom see that happen?
Where did Tom put the ketchup?
Where did Tom put the car key?
Where did Tom put my umbrella?
Where did Tom put my suitcase?
Where did Tom put my passport?
Where did Tom put my notebook?
Where did Tom go for vacation?
Where did Tom get those shoes?
Where did Tom get those jeans?
Where did Tom get on this bus?
Where did Tom find this knife?
Where did Tom find my glasses?
Where did Tom buy those shoes?
Where did Tom buy those pants?
Where did Tom buy this guitar?
Where did Tom buy this coffee?
Where did Tom buy these shoes?
Where did Tom buy the flowers?
Where did Tom buy that coffee?
Where did Mary buy that skirt?
Where did Mary buy that dress?
Where did Tom swim yesterday?
Where did Tom stay in Boston?
Where did Tom park the truck?
Where did Tom live last year?
Where did Tom learn to write?
Where did Tom learn to shoot?
Where did Tom learn to drive?
Where did Tom learn to dance?
Where did Tom learn all this?
Where did Tom learn all that?
Where did Tom go last Monday?
Where did Tom get those keys?
Where did Tom get this stuff?
Where did Tom get this phone?
Where did Tom get this money?
Where did Tom get the recipe?
Where did Tom get that water?
Where did Tom get that thing?
Where did Tom get that shirt?
Where did Tom get that scarf?
Where did Tom find this ring?
Where did Tom find my wallet?
Where did Tom end up staying?
Where did Tom eat last night?
Where did Tom buy the ticket?
Where did Tom buy that shirt?
Where did Tom buy that scarf?
Where did Tom put my gloves?
Where did Tom learn to read?
Where did Tom hide the food?
Where did Tom hide my money?
Where did Tom get this ring?
Where did Tom get this list?
Where did Tom get this info?
Where did Tom get this coat?
Where did Tom get the money?
Where did Tom get that suit?
Where did Tom get that scar?
Where did Tom get that coat?
Where did Tom get all these?
Where did Tom find this key?
Where did Tom find the keys?
Where did Tom end up eating?
Where did Tom buy this book?
Where did Tom find his cat?
Where did Tom find that?
Where did Tom see Mary?
Where did Tom and Mary first meet?
Where did Tom buy these flowers?
Where did Tom try doing that?
Where did Tom get these eggs?
Where did Tom buy these eggs?
Where did Tom buy that soap?
Where did Tom buy that coat?
Where did Tom buy that book?
Where did Tom buy all these?
Where did Tom and Mary meet?
Where did Tom put the keys?
Where did Tom put his keys?
Where did Tom put his coat?
Where did Tom put his book?
Where did Tom park the car?
Where did Tom learn karate?
Where did Tom hide the box?
Where did Tom get this key?
Where did Tom get this hat?
Where did Tom get this car?
Where did Tom get the idea?
Where did Tom get the eggs?
Where did Tom get that hat?
Where did Tom find the key?
Where did Tom find my keys?
Where did Tom end up going?
Where did Tom decide to go?
Where did Tom buy this hat?
Where did Tom buy that hat?
Where did Tom buy that cap?
Where did Tom buy all this?
Where did Tom think I was?
Where did Tom get his hat?
Where did Tom dig that up?
Where did Tom run off to?
Where did Tom put my hat?
Where did Tom learn this?
Where did Tom find these?
Who did Tom think I was?
Where did Tom read that?
Where did Tom hear this?
Where did Tom hear that?
Where did Tom get those?
Where did Tom get these?
Where did Tom find this?
Where did Tom find Mary?
Where did Tom eat lunch?
Where did Tom buy those?
Where did Tom buy these?
Where did Tom see that?
Where did Tom put them?
Where did Tom leave it?
Where did Tom go today?
Where did Tom get this?
Where did Tom buy this?
Where did Tom buy them?
Where did Tom buy that?
Where did Tom see you?
Where did Tom move to?
Where did Tom hit you?
Where did Tom hide it?
Where did Tom grow up?
Where did Tom see it?
Where did Tom put it?
Where did Tom get it?
Where did Tom study?
Where did Tom do it?
Where did Tom stay?
Where did Tom park?
Where did Tom look?
Where did Tom hide?
Tom looked under the sofa.
I bought this book in Boston.
I bought this book when I was in Boston.
Where did she put her keys?
Where did he put his keys?
Where did she put her key?
Where did he put his key?
Where did she put her coat?
Where did he put his coat?
Where did she put her book?
Where did he put his book?
Where did she park her truck?
Where did he park his truck?
Where did she park her car?
Where did he park his car?
Where did she leave her shoes?
Where did he leave his shoes?
Where did she leave her bike?
Where did he leave his bike?
Where did she get her blouse?
Where did he get his shirt?
Where did she get her money?
Where did he get his money?
Where did she get her hat?
Where did he get his hat?
Where did she get her degree?
Where did he get his degree?
Where did he find his key?
Where did she find her cat?
Where did he find his cat?
Where did she buy her skirt?
Where did he buy his pants?
Where did she buy her car?
Where did he buy his car?
Where did she work before this?
Where did he work before this?
Where did she try doing that?
Where did he try doing that?
Where did she think I was?
Where did he think I was?
Where did she that?
Where did he that?
Where did she take these pictures?
Where did he take these pictures?
Where did she take these photos?
Where did he take these photos?
Where did he swim yesterday?
Where did she study?
Where did he study?
Where did he study yesterday?
Where did he stay?
Where did she stay last night?
Where did he stay last night?
Where did she stay in Boston?
Where did he stay in Boston?
Where did she serve during the war?
Where did he serve during the war?
Where did she see you?
Where did he see you?
Where did he see those women?
Where did she see that?
Where did he see that?
Where did she see that happening?
Where did he see that happening?
Where did she see that happen?
Where did he see that happen?
Where did she see it?
Where did he see it?
Where did she say this came from?
Where did he say this came from?
Where did she say that she heard that story?
Where did he say that he heard that story?
Where did she say that happened?
Where did he say that happened?
Where did she run off to?
Where did he run off to?
Where did he read that?
Where did she put them?
Where did he put them?
Where did she put the TV guide?
Where did he put the TV guide?
Where did she put the television guide?
Where did he put the television guide?
Where did she put the screwdriver?
Where did he put the screwdriver?
Where did he put the newspaper?
Where did she put the keys?
Where did he put the keys?
Where did he put the ketchup?
Where did she put the car key?
Where did he put the car key?
Where did she put the book she was reading?
Where did he put the book he was reading?
Where did he put my umbrella?
Where did she put my suitcase?
Where did he put my suitcase?
Where did she put my passport?
Where did he put my passport?
Where did she put my notebook?
Where did he put my notebook?
Where did she put my hat?
Where did he put my hat?
Where did she put my gloves?
Where did he put my gloves?
Where did he put it?
Where did she pick up those old coins?
Where did he pick up those old coins?
Where did she pick up that accent?
Where did he pick up that accent?
Where did he park?
Where did she park the truck?
Where did he park the truck?
Where did he park the car?
Where did he move to?
Where did she meet your father?
Where did he meet your father?
Where did she look?
Where did he look?
Where did he live last year?
Where did she live before moving to Boston?
Where did he live before moving to Boston?
Where did she live before moving to Australia?
Where did he live before moving to Australia?
Where did he leave it?
Where did she learn to write?
Where did he learn to write?
Where did she learn to speak French?
Where did he learn to speak French?
Where did she learn to sing the blues?
Where did he learn to sing the blues?
Where did he learn to shoot?
Where did she learn to read?
Where did he learn to read?
Where did she learn to play tennis?
Where did he learn to play tennis?
Where did she learn to make pizza?
Where did he learn to make pizza?
Where did he learn to drive?
Where did she learn to drive so well?
Where did he learn to drive so well?
Where did she learn to do this?
Where did he learn to do this?
Where did she learn to dance?
Where did he learn to dance?
Where did she learn to dance like that?
Where did he learn to dance like that?
Where did she learn to cook like this?
Where did he learn to cook like this?
Where did she learn to babysit?
Where did he learn to babysit?
Where did she learn such a difficult word?
Where did he learn such a difficult word?
Where did he learn karate?
Where did she learn how to sing the blues?
Where did he learn how to sing the blues?
Where did he learn all this?
Where did she learn all that?
Where did he learn all that?
Where did she hit you?
Where did he hit you?
Where did she hide?
Where did he hide?
Where did she hide the food?
Where did he hide the food?
Where did she hide the box?
Where did he hide the box?
Where did she hide my passport?
Where did he hide my passport?
Where did she hide my notebook?
Where did he hide my notebook?
Where did he hide my money?
Where did she hide my cigarettes?
Where did he hide my cigarettes?
Where did he hide it?
Where did she hear this?
Where did he hear this?
Where did he hear that?
Where did she have the suit made?
Where did he have the suit made?
Where did he grow up?
Where did he go today?
Where did he go to kindergarten?
Where did she go to in Australia?
Where did he go to in Australia?
Where did she go to high school?
Where did he go to high school?
Where did she go to elementary school?
Where did he go to elementary school?
Where did she go this afternoon?
Where did he go this afternoon?
Where did she go shopping yesterday?
Where did he go shopping yesterday?
Where did she go last Monday?
Where did he go last Monday?
Where did she go for vacation?
Where did he go for vacation?
Where did she get those?
Where did he get those?
Where did she get those strange-looking shoes?
Where did he get those strange-looking shoes?
Where did she get those shoes?
Where did he get those shoes?
Where did she get those old coins?
Where did he get those old coins?
Where did she get those keys?
Where did he get those keys?
Where did she get those jeans?
Where did he get those jeans?
Where did she get this?
Where did he get this?
Where did she get this tennis racket?
Where did he get this tennis racket?
Where did she get this stuff?
Where did he get this stuff?
Where did she get this sheet music?
Where did he get this sheet music?
Where did she get this ring?
Where did he get this ring?
Where did she get this photo taken?
Where did he get this photo taken?
Where did she get this phone?
Where did he get this phone?
Where did she get this money?
Where did he get this money?
Where did he get this list?
Where did she get this key?
Where did he get this key?
Where did she get this information?
Where did he get this information?
Where did she get this info?
Where did he get this info?
Where did she get this hat?
Where did he get this hat?
Where did she get this dog?
Where did he get this dog?
Where did she get this coat?
Where did he get this coat?
Where did she get this car?
Where did he get this car?
Where did she get these?
Where did he get these?
Where did she get these pictures?
Where did he get these pictures?
Where did she get these eggs?
Where did he get these eggs?
Where did she get these delicious apples?
Where did he get these delicious apples?
Where did she get these clothes?
Where did he get these clothes?
Where did she get the recipe?
Where did he get the recipe?
Where did he get the money?
Where did she get the money to pay for all this?
Where did he get the money to pay for all this?
Where did he get the idea?
Where did he get the eggs?
Where did he get that water?
Where did she get that thing?
Where did he get that thing?
Where did she get that sweater?
Where did he get that sweater?
Where did she get that suit?
Where did she get that shirt?
Where did he get that shirt?
Where did she get that scarf?
Where did he get that scarf?
Where did he get that scar?
Where did she get that piece of wire?
Where did he get that piece of wire?
Where did she get that orange scarf?
Where did he get that orange scarf?
Where did she get that much money?
Where did he get that much money?
Where did she get that hat?
Where did he get that hat?
Where did she get that great-looking hat?
Where did he get that great-looking hat?
Where did he get that document?
Where did she get that coat?
Where did he get that coat?
Where did she get on this bus?
Where did he get on this bus?
Where did she get on the train?
Where did he get on the train?
Where did she get it?
Where did he get it?
Where did she get all those plants?
Where did he get all those plants?
Where did she get all those oranges?
Where did he get all those oranges?
Where did she get all those keys?
Where did he get all those keys?
Where did she get all this information?
Where did he get all this information?
Where did she get all this from?
Where did he get all this from?
Where did she get all these?
Where did he get all these?
Where did she get all that money from?
Where did he get all that money from?
Where did she find those shoes?
Where did he find those shoes?
Where did she find this?
Where did he find this?
Where did she find this wallet?
Where did he find this wallet?
Where did she find this ring?
Where did he find this ring?
Where did she find this picture?
Where did he find this picture?
Where did she find this knife?
Where did he find this knife?
Where did she find this key?
Where did he find this key?
Where did she find this evidence?
Where did he find this evidence?
Where did he find these?
Where did she find the keys?
Where did he find the keys?
Where did he find the key?
Where did he find that?
Where did she find that strange thing?
Where did he find that strange thing?
Where did she find such an ugly hat?
Where did he find such an ugly hat?
Where did he find my wallet?
Where did she find my umbrella?
Where did he find my umbrella?
Where did he find my keys?
Where did he find my glasses?
Where did she find it, at school or at home?
Where did he find it, at school or at home?
Where did she end up staying?
Where did he end up staying?
Where did she end up going?
Where did he end up going?
Where did she end up eating?
Where did he end up eating?
Where did she end up doing that?
Where did he end up doing that?
Where did he eat lunch?
Where did he eat last night?
Where did he do that?
Where did she do that yesterday?
Where did he do that yesterday?
Where did she do it?
Where did she dig that up?
Where did he dig that up?
Where did she decide to go?
Where did he decide to go?
Where did she come up with that stuff?
Where did he come up with that stuff?
Where did she catch all those fish?
Where did he catch all those fish?
Where did she buy those?
Where did he buy those?
Where did she buy those shoes?
Where did he buy those shoes?
Where did she buy those sunglasses?
Where did he buy those pants?
Where did he buy those gloves?
Where did he buy this?
Where did she buy this tennis racket?
Where did he buy this tennis racket?
Where did she buy this hat?
Where did he buy this hat?
Where did he buy this guitar?
Where did she buy this coffee?
Where did he buy this coffee?
Where did he buy this book?
Where did she buy these?
Where did he buy these?
Where did she buy these shoes?
Where did he buy these shoes?
Where did she buy these flowers?
Where did he buy these flowers?
Where did she buy these eggs?
Where did he buy these eggs?
Where did she buy these cherries?
Where did he buy these cherries?
Where did he buy them?
Where did she buy the ticket?
Where did he buy the ticket?
Where did he buy the flowers?
Where did she buy that?
Where did he buy that?
Where did she buy that T-shirt?
Where did he buy that T-shirt?
Where did he buy that soap?
Where did she buy that shirt?
Where did he buy that shirt?
Where did he buy that scarf?
Where did she buy that raincoat?
Where did he buy that raincoat?
Where did she buy that hat?
Where did he buy that hat?
Where did she buy that coffee?
Where did he buy that coffee?
Where did she buy that coat?
Where did he buy that coat?
Where did he buy that cap?
Where did she buy that book?
Where did he buy that book?
Where did she buy all this?
Where did he buy all this?
Where did she buy all these?
Where did he buy all these?
Tom told Mary to wash her hands.
I don't want you to hurt yourself.
Tom is never in a good mood.
I had a lot of trouble doing that.
Tom worried about Mary's safety.
I had a lot of trouble doing this.
Tom is one of my bodyguards.
I've done many interesting things.
Tom and Mary are faculty members.
It's going to get quite hot today.
Tom looks busy this morning.
Mr. Jackson is my history teacher.
Tom fell asleep waiting for Mary.
We both forgot to do our homework.
Tom never makes his own bed.
We couldn't ask for anything more.
Tom hates it when Mary does that.
We don't really care what happens.
Tom opened a bottle of beer.
We want to get to know you better.
Tom likes listening to Mary sing.
Both of my parents went to college.
Where did she buy those gloves?
Where did she put the newspaper?
Tom quickly closed his book.
I don't like swimming in the ocean.
Tom never knew how rich Mary was.
I don't want my son to be like you.
I won't have time to do that today.
He works at Tatoeba.
Where did they go for New Year's Eve?
Where did she find his photo?
Where did she leave her suitcase?
Where did she put my coat?
Where did she spend her summer?
Where did she work before?
Where did she go with Yidir?
Where did she go last weekend?
Where did she put my book?
Where did she hear that from?
Where did she find that dress?
Where did she buy that scarf?
Where did she go to kindergarten?
Where did she put the bottles?
Where did she go last summer?
Where did she hide my money?
Tom forgot to bring a torch.
You shouldn't believe it, it's just a spoof.
That book was a spoof of the movie.
Tom bought Mary a flower.
I should've studied Russian before.
Im fine. And you?
I'm great!
"Thank you." "My pleasure."
"Nice to meet you." "Nice to meet you, too."
Id like to introduce my friend.
I'm years old.
I speak a little English.
Could you write that down?
Is she single?
Do you have this in small?
I have to buy something for Tom.
I'd like to buy something for John.
Do you have this in large?
Do you have this in medium?
Ill give you dollars for it.
How much for a first class ticket to Boston?
How much for an economy ticket to Boston?
I have to get a passport.
Do I need a seat reservation?
Could you recommend a good restaurant?
Could I see the menu, please?
That was delicious!
Lets have another!
These are my friends. Their names are Tom and Mary.
Can you show me that on the map?
What is the entrance fee?
What is that building?
What is there to see around here?
I'd like to stay for three nights.
What is fun to do around here?
Sami ascended the minbar to deliver the khutbah.
This mosque has six minarets and cascading domes.
There's a big marble fountain in the courtyard of that mosque.
Lord, just tell me, is it wrong to want to die?
Greetings, sire. The desert awaits you.
Do you dig it?
Yet again, Tom was passed over for a promotion even though he was the most qualified candidate.
Don't be afraid. It'll only hurt for a second.
English and German are related languages.
The neighbor's guest eats a lot of persimmons.
Tom reminded Mary not to be late.
I won't have to go there by myself.
Tom refused to keep working.
I've never tried doing it that way.
Tom was very pleased to see Mary.
It's going to be very cold tonight.
Tom robbed a bank in Boston.
Let's either play checkers or chess.
Tom would've told Mary the truth.
Mr. Jackson is our history teacher.
What kind of things do you do for fun around here?
Tom wished that he had someone to talk to.
Tom wished he had somebody to talk to.
Tom wished that he had somebody to talk to.
Tom shared a cell with John.
Please introduce me to your friend.
Tom and Mary enjoy being together.
We had a lot of problems yesterday.
Tom teaches at a university.
Weren't you the one who wrote this?
Weren't you the ones who wrote this?
Tom shared a jail cell with John.
Tom shared a prison cell with John.
What's the entrance fee?
How much does it cost to enter?
How many zoos are there in Australia?
About how many zoos do you think there are in Australia?
When was the last time that you went to a zoo?
If you don't plant the seeds, they won't grow.
Tom gave a book to Mary.
Tom and Mary work the night shift.
Why do you want to stop doing that?
Tom took the curve too fast.
I don't have time to go there today.
Tom asked Mary not to do anything.
I don't like swimming in salt water.
These are my friends, Tom and Mary.
These are my brother and sister, Tom and Mary.
Taninna phoned.
Taninna prayed.
She prepaid.
She promised.
Taninna ran.
She refused.
She relaxed.
She remembered.
She remembers.
She spoke.
She stayed.
She stood.
She stopped.
She struggled.
Were you bit by a piranha?
A piranha is not a pet, Tom.
She survived.
Ah, that's not an oscar in your aquarium; it's a piranha!
She swam.
She sweated.
She talked.
She was talking.
She is trying.
She's trying.
She tripped.
He understands.
She understands.
Their time is up.
She vanished.
She volunteers.
Taninna volunteers.
She voted.
She worked.
She works.
She yelled.
She approached.
She sings.
She sneezed.
She stutters.
She whistled.
She stammered.
This may sound corny, but love is the answer.
How many planets are there in the Solar System?
You do too much K, Tom.
In Brazil, voting is mandatory.
"Are you single?" "Yes."
My e-mail address is abcde@example.com.
Can you speak Russian?
I want to eat a piece of cake.
Tom tried not to look bored.
I don't like watching dubbed movies.
Tom didn't want Mary at his party.
I don't want you to hurt yourselves.
Tom walks his dog every day.
I haven't eaten meat in a long time.
Tom doesn't even know who Mary is.
I won't have time to help you today.
Tom wanted to go for a ride.
It's going to be quite cold tonight.
Tom is out doing his Christmas shopping.
Tom is out Christmas shopping.
Tom is Christmas shopping.
Tom is shopping for Christmas presents.
Tom has been shopping for Christmas presents all day.
Tom is looking for something to give Mary for Christmas.
Tom is hoping he'll get a new bicycle for Christmas.
Tom is hoping that he'll get a new bicycle for Christmas.
Tom told his parents that he wanted a new bicycle for Christmas.
Tom told his parents he wanted a new bicycle for Christmas.
Tom has been helping Mary all day.
It's going to get very cold tonight.
Tom was being disrespectful.
Let's play either checkers or chess.
Tom is going to meet Mary at 2:30.
We had our wedding on a cruise ship.
What does he think of me now?
I heard Tom came back to Australia for Christmas.
I heard that Tom has come back from Australia for Christmas.
I heard Tom has come back from Australia for Christmas.
I heard that Tom came back to Australia for Christmas.
I hope Tom doesn't go to Australia next week.
How do you know that Tom won't go to Australia next week?
My opinion of Tom has changed.
I doubt very seriously that'll embarrass Tom.
I doubt very seriously that that'll embarrass Tom.
My opinion about that has changed.
My opinion of Tom hasn't changed.
My opinion of Tom is still the same.
My opinion about that is still the same.
My opinion about that hasn't changed.
My opinion on that hasn't changed.
My opinion on that has changed.
Tom's opinion on that is the same as mine.
Tom's opinion of Mary is the same as mine.
Tom is reluctant to talk to his mother about her going into a nursing home because he knows that she will be violently opposed to the idea.
I knew that Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me that Tom was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew that Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me that he was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew that Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me Tom was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me that Tom was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew that Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me he was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me that he was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I know that you're upset about your car being totaled, but you weren't injured and you should be thankful to be alive.
I knew Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me Tom was a taxi driver in Chicago.
I knew Tom was a French teacher in Boston, so I didn't believe Mary when she told me he was a taxi driver in Chicago.
Tom was afraid that his parents would start asking him questions and that he would end up telling them everything.
I knew that Tom was a fast eater, so I ate as quickly as I could, so we'd finish eating at about the same time.
Tom was afraid that his parents would start asking him questions and he would end up telling them everything.
Tom was afraid his parents would start asking him questions and that he would end up telling them everything.
I knew that Tom was almost always at home on Monday, so I went to see him last Monday, but he wasn't at home.
I knew that Tom was a good worker, but I was still very impressed with the amount of work he did this week.
I know that Tom is almost finished doing what he's doing, so he should be ready to leave in a few minutes.
I knew Tom was a fast eater, so I ate as quickly as I could, so we'd finish eating at about the same time.
I knew that Tom was a former student of Mary's, so I asked him if he thought that she was a good teacher.
Tom was afraid his parents would start asking him questions and he would end up telling them everything.
I knew Tom was almost always at home on Monday, so I went to see him last Monday, but he wasn't at home.
Tom went over to where Mary was sitting and gave here the envelope that John had given him to give her.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought that she probably shouldn't do what she was planning to do.
I know that Tom is one of our good customers, but I don't like the way he treats women who work for us.
I didn't know that Tom was a drug dealer, so I was very surprised when I heard that he'd been arrested.
As soon as the train pulled out of the station, Tom realized that he'd left his briefcase on the train.
I knew that Tom was a good songwriter, but his latest song is really much better than I ever expected.
I knew Tom was a good worker, but I was still very impressed with the amount of work he did this week.
I know that Tom isn't a Harvard graduate. In fact, I don't think that he's ever even been to college.
I know Tom is almost finished doing what he's doing, so he should be ready to leave in a few minutes.
I knew that Tom was a former student of Mary's, so I asked him if he thought she was a good teacher.
I knew Tom was a former student of Mary's, so I asked him if he thought that she was a good teacher.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought that she should stay in Boston for another three weeks.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Tom went over to where Mary was sitting and gave here the envelope John had given him to give her.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought she probably shouldn't do what she was planning to do.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought that she probably shouldn't do what she was planning to do.
I know Tom is one of our good customers, but I don't like the way he treats women who work for us.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I knew that Tom was a pretty good jazz saxophone player. That's why I wanted him to join our band.
I didn't know Tom was a drug dealer, so I was very surprised when I heard that he'd been arrested.
As soon as the train pulled out of the station, Tom realized he'd left his briefcase on the train.
Tom is very superstitious, so he didn't want to go for a job interview on Friday the thirteenth.
I knew Tom was a good songwriter, but his latest song is really much better than I ever expected.
I know that Tom isn't a very good sculptor, but he still manages to sell some of his sculptures.
I know that Tom isn't a Harvard graduate. In fact, I don't think he's ever even been to college.
I know Tom isn't a Harvard graduate. In fact, I don't think that he's ever even been to college.
I knew that Tom wasn't a talkative person, so I asked him a lot of questions to get him talking.
I knew that Tom was a good chess player, but I didn't think that he'd be good enough to beat me.
Tom told Mary that he thought that she was doing it wrong, but she didn't care what he thought.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she won't be allowed to do that.
I know that Tom is a good drummer, but I don't like him, so let's not ask him to join our band.
I knew Tom was a former student of Mary's, so I asked him if he thought she was a good teacher.
Tom realized that with a broken leg that it was going to be difficult to get back to the camp.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought she should stay in Boston for another three weeks.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought that she should stay in Boston for another three weeks.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary is the one who's supposed to tell John not to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own even if she were a little older.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought she probably shouldn't do what she was planning to do.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I knew that Tom was a pretty good jazz saxophonist. That's why I wanted him to join our band.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I knew Tom was a pretty good jazz saxophone player. That's why I wanted him to join our band.
How do you know that you wouldn't have done that same thing Tom did if you were in his shoes?
We're the only ones here who know that Tom is the only one who can convince Mary to do that.
Tom called Mary last weekend to tell her that he was planning to go to Australia for a year.
I know that you probably don't want to stay much longer, but it would be great if you could.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she won't be allowed to do that.
I know that Tom is almost never home on Monday, but I think that he was at home last Monday.
I knew that Tom was just a freshman, so I was surprised to see him hanging out with seniors.
Tom is very superstitious, so he didn't want to go for a job interview on Friday the 13th.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom isn't a very good sculptor, but he still manages to sell some of his sculptures.
I know Tom isn't a Harvard graduate. In fact, I don't think he's ever even been to college.
I knew that Tom was a good chess player, but I didn't think he'd be good enough to beat me.
I knew Tom wasn't a talkative person, so I asked him a lot of questions to get him talking.
I knew Tom was a good chess player, but I didn't think that he'd be good enough to beat me.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't need to do that.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought she was doing it wrong, but she didn't care what he thought.
Tom told Mary he thought that she was doing it wrong, but she didn't care what he thought.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I would really be able to do that by ourselves.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
I know that Tom is a good surgeon, but I'd rather have a surgeon who isn't a close friend.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she won't be allowed to do that.
I know Tom is a good drummer, but I don't like him, so let's not ask him to join our band.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she didn't need to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she didn't have to do that.
You didn't really think that you were going to be able to do that by yourselves, did you?
We're the only ones here who know that Tom already knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom already knows why Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom realized with a broken leg that it was going to be difficult to get back to the camp.
Tom realized that with a broken leg that it was going to be hard to get back to the camp.
Tom realized that with a broken leg it was going to be difficult to get back to the camp.
Tom realized that the only to get out of the burning building was to jump out the window.
Tom didn't want to throw anything away because he thought he might need it in the future.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought she should stay in Boston for another three weeks.
I know that you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?
I know Tom knows that Mary is the one who's supposed to tell John not to do that anymore.
I knew that Tom was almost done doing what he wanted to do, so I decided to wait for him.
I don't think Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own even if she were a little older.
Even though nobody ever spoke about it, everybody knew that something wasn't quite right.
Tom called his ex-girlfriend and asked her whether she'd consider getting back together.
This will probably be one of the most important decisions that you'll ever have to make.
I know that Tom isn't a very good chef, but he's the owner's son, so we had to hire him.
I know that Tom isn't a very good bass player, but he has a lot of fun playing the bass.
I know that Tom isn't a very good basketball coach, but everybody on the team likes him.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I knew that Tom was a guitar teacher, so I asked him to teach me how to play the guitar.
I knew that Tom was a good carpenter. That's why I wanted him to help me build my house.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I knew Tom was a pretty good jazz saxophonist. That's why I wanted him to join our band.
How do you know you wouldn't have done that same thing Tom did if you were in his shoes?
Even though no one ever spoke about it, everyone knew that something wasn't quite right.
We're the only ones here who know Tom is the only one who can convince Mary to do that.
Tom realized pretty quickly that he wasn't going to be able to do what he wanted to do.
Tom called Mary last weekend to tell her he was planning to go to Australia for a year.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I won't be able to come in to work today because I have to take my son to the hospital.
I know that you probably don't want to go out with me, but I'd love to go out with you.
I know that Tom says that he's a fashion designer, but I don't think that he really is.
I know that Tom isn't a very good basketball coach, but everyone on the team likes him.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
I know that Tom is almost never home on Monday, but I think he was at home last Monday.
I know that Tom didn't know why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she won't be allowed to do that.
I know Tom is almost never home on Monday, but I think that he was at home last Monday.
I knew Tom was just a freshman, so I was surprised to see him hanging out with seniors.
I didn't know that Tom knew why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
Tom broke up with Mary before her birthday, so he wouldn't have to buy a gift for her.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
I knew that Tom was almost always at home on Monday, so I went to see him last Monday.
I knew that Tom was allergic to peanuts, so I didn't put any peanuts in these cookies.
I knew Tom was a good chess player, but I didn't think he'd be good enough to beat me.
Although nobody ever spoke about it, everybody knew that something wasn't quite right.
We're the only ones here who know Tom already knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom already knows why Mary doesn't need to do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom already knows why Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom told Mary he thought she was doing it wrong, but she didn't care what he thought.
Tom says he knows that Mary won't want to go sailing unless he goes sailing with her.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I would really be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he thought that there was no chance that Mary would do that by herself.
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I would really be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom called Mary and told her that he needed to stay in Boston for another three days.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I think that Tom would've permitted you to do that if you'd asked him for permission.
I know that many people think that Tom is a likable guy, but I don't like him at all.
I know that Tom was waiting for you for about three hours in front of the art museum.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I know that Tom could probably save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
I know Tom is a good surgeon, but I'd rather have a surgeon who isn't a close friend.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she needed to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
I knew that Tom was a very good bass player. That's why I asked him to join our band.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she didn't need to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she didn't have to do that.
You didn't really think you were going to be able to do that by yourselves, did you?
We're the only ones here who know that Tom already knows why Mary wanted to do that.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom already knows why Mary needed to do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom already knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom already knows why Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom says he knows that Mary will need to pay a lot more than she's expecting to pay.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would probably be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom realized with a broken leg that it was going to be hard to get back to the camp.
Tom realized with a broken leg it was going to be difficult to get back to the camp.
Tom realized the only to get out of the burning building was to jump out the window.
Tom realized that with a broken leg it was going to be hard to get back to the camp.
I wanted Tom to know that I didn't do that because I had to but because I wanted to.
I realize that I could probably save myself a lot of time by just doing that myself.
I know that you probably don't want to go to Boston, but I'd like you to go with us.
I know that Tom would've permitted you to do that if you'd asked him for permission.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I know that Tom is a fast runner, but I still think that I could beat him in a race.
I knew that Tom would show Mary how to do that even though he said that he wouldn't.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I knew Tom was almost done doing what he wanted to do, so I decided to wait for him.
Even though nobody ever spoke about it, everybody knew something wasn't quite right.
When Tom bought his car, he didn't know it had been involved in a serious accident.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I would be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom called his ex-girlfriend and asked her if she'd consider getting back together.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought that she should go to Boston with John.
Tom asked Mary whether she could water the flowers of his garden while he was away.
This will probably be one of the most important decisions you'll ever have to make.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
I think that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own if she were a little older.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom isn't a very good chef, but he's the owner's son, so we had to hire him.
I know Tom isn't a very good bass player, but he has a lot of fun playing the bass.
I know Tom isn't a very good basketball coach, but everybody on the team likes him.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good carpenter. That's why I didn't ask him for help.
I knew that Tom wasn't a really good dancer, but I agreed to dance with him anyway.
I knew that Tom was a good cook because I'd eaten a lot of things that he's cooked.
I knew Tom was a guitar teacher, so I asked him to teach me how to play the guitar.
I knew Tom was a good carpenter. That's why I wanted him to help me build my house.
Even though no one ever spoke about it, everyone knew something wasn't quite right.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that it would rain tomorrow.
Tom realized pretty quickly he wasn't going to be able to do what he wanted to do.
Tom called his mother to let her know that he wouldn't be home in time for dinner.
Tom called Mary and told her that he needed to stay in Boston for three more days.
Tom broke up with Mary before her birthday, so he wouldn't have to buy her a gift.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I know that eventually I'm going to have to do that if nobody else does it for me.
I know that eventually I'm going to have to do that if no one else does it for me.
I know that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own if she were a little older.
I know that Tom says that he's a fashion designer, but I don't think he really is.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she should do that.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I know that Tom isn't a very good chess player, but I think he's better than Mary.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I know that Tom didn't know whether he can do that or not until he tries doing it.
I know Tom says that he's a fashion designer, but I don't think that he really is.
I know Tom isn't a very good basketball coach, but everyone on the team likes him.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
I know Tom is almost never home on Monday, but I think he was at home last Monday.
I know Tom didn't know why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I knew that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own if she were a little older.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she should do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she had to do that.
I didn't know Tom knew why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
At that time, I knew that Tom was a gangster, but it didn't really bother me much.
You didn't know that Tom and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
We're the only ones here who know that Tom already knows why Mary had to do that.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom already knows why Mary didn't do that.
Tom was really superstitious and didn't want to do that on Friday the thirteenth.
Tom realized that it would be a waste of time to try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom assumed that everybody in the room knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I think that Tom used to be one of the janitors at the school where Mary teaches.
I know that Tom knows why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I know that Tom knows that Mary was the one who told John not to do that anymore.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I know that Tom is a friend of Mary's, but I don't think that he's her boyfriend.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I knew that Tom was a really good dancer. I just didn't know that he was so good.
I knew that Tom was a good volleyball player, but I didn't know he was this good.
I knew Tom was almost always at home on Monday, so I went to see him last Monday.
I knew Tom was allergic to peanuts, so I didn't put any peanuts in these cookies.
Although nobody ever spoke about it, everybody knew something wasn't quite right.
What I soon realized was that we wouldn't be able to do that without Tom's help.
Tom said that he thought there was no chance that Mary would do that by herself.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I would really be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he thought that there was no chance that Mary would do that by herself.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do everything John thinks she should do.
Tom has already decided that he's not going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom has already decided that he isn't going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom called Mary and told her he needed to stay in Boston for another three days.
Tom assumed that everyone in the room knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I think that the girl that Tom is dating still is in love with her ex-boyfriend.
I think that it might be dangerous for Tom and I to go skin diving by ourselves.
I think Tom would've permitted you to do that if you'd asked him for permission.
I know that Tom knew why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I know many people think that Tom is a likable guy, but I don't like him at all.
I know Tom was waiting for you for about three hours in front of the art museum.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I know Tom could probably save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she needed to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
I knew Tom was a very good bass player. That's why I asked him to join our band.
I don't know when Tom and Mary got married, but I do know that they got married.
How did you know that Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he needed to buy?
Although no one ever spoke about it, everyone knew something wasn't quite right.
We're the only ones here who know Tom already knows why Mary wanted to do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom already knows why Mary needed to do that.
Tom says he knows that Mary won't want to do that unless he does that with her.
Tom says he knows that Mary could do that if she would only put her mind to it.
Tom said that he thought Mary would probably be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom said he thought that Mary would probably be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom realized with a broken leg it was going to be hard to get back to the camp.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do everything John is asking her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do everything John has asked her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do everything John thinks she should do.
Tom already knows Mary is planning on staying in Boston for another three days.
They know that you were the one who visited Tom the night before he was killed.
The only thing that I've eaten all day was the banana that I ate for breakfast.
The last time I talked with Tom he said that he was planning to move to Boston.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
I wanted Tom to know I didn't do that because I had to but because I wanted to.
I realize that the only reason that Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
I realize I could probably save myself a lot of time by just doing that myself.
I know that you think this is a stupid thing to do, but I plan to do it anyway.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that she shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she should do that.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I know that Tom is a fast runner, but I still think I could beat him in a race.
I know that Tom is a designer, but I don't know what kind of things he designs.
I know Tom would've permitted you to do that if you'd asked him for permission.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I know Tom is a fast runner, but I still think that I could beat him in a race.
I knew that Tom would show Mary how to do that even though he said he wouldn't.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I knew that Tom was a pretty good carpenter. That's why I asked him to help me.
I knew Tom would show Mary how to do that even though he said that he wouldn't.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I didn't know that you were planning on doing that while you were in Australia.
Tom wants for buy some jewelry for Mary, but he's not sure what he should buy.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I would be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I would be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do anything John thinks she should do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do everything John is asking her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do everything John has asked her to do.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he thought she should go to Boston with John.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought that she should go to Boston with John.
Tom asked Mary to give the engagement ring that he'd given to her back to him.
Tom asked Mary if she could water the flowers of his garden while he was away.
The police now believe that Tom had something to do with Mary's disappearance.
It's possible that Tom may not know we're having a meeting tomorrow afternoon.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
I took the job because they promised me that I wouldn't have to work weekends.
I think Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own if she were a little older.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that he shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I know that Tom didn't know that Mary was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good carpenter. That's why I didn't ask him for help.
I knew Tom wasn't a really good dancer, but I agreed to dance with him anyway.
I knew Tom was a good cook because I'd eaten a lot of things that he's cooked.
I didn't know that you were planning on doing that when you were in Australia.
I didn't know that you were planning on doing that before you went home today.
I didn't know that Tom was the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I didn't knew that Tom wanted to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
Did you know Tom didn't start playing the guitar until he was thirty year old?
You didn't know that you were the ones who were supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that you were supposed to do that before I got here, did you?
Tom told Mary that she should probably not put so much stuff in her suitcase.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that it would rain tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that it would be better not to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he thought that it would be better if we did that by ourselves.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that it would rain tomorrow.
Tom knows that Mary will likely do the opposite of what he advises her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do anything John is asking her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do anything John has asked her to do.
Tom didn't think that what Mary was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
Tom could've gone camping with you if you'd let him know that you were going.
Tom called his mother to let her know he wouldn't be home in time for dinner.
Tom called Mary and told her he needed to stay in Boston for three more days.
Tom asked Mary to tell John that he didn't plan to go to Australia this year.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't done everything he was supposed to have done.
I was the only one there who didn't know that Tom couldn't understand French.
I was the only one in the room who knew that Tom was planning to get married.
I may not know a lot, but I do know Tom doesn't know what he's talking about.
I know that you probably don't want to go to sleep right now, but you should.
I know that sooner or later I'm going to have to do that if nobody else does.
I know that sooner or later I'm going to have to do that if no one else does.
I know that Tom won't wait until Mary gets there before he starts doing that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary probably doesn't want him to do that anymore.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I know that Tom isn't any more likely to do that today than he was yesterday.
I know that Tom isn't a history teacher. I think that he's a science teacher.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I know that Tom is a little older than the rest of the students in his class.
I know that Tom is a good-looking man, but I still wouldn't want to date him.
I know that Tom didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
I know eventually I'm going to have to do that if nobody else does it for me.
I know eventually I'm going to have to do that if no one else does it for me.
I know Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own if she were a little older.
I know Tom says that he's a fashion designer, but I don't think he really is.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she should do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I know Tom isn't a very good chess player, but I think he's better than Mary.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that yesterday, but he was busy, so he couldn't.
I knew Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own if she were a little older.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she should do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she had to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you weren't here on October 20th.
At that time, I knew Tom was a gangster, but it didn't really bother me much.
You ought to let Tom know that Mary is going to do that unless he helps her.
We're the only ones here who know Tom already knows why Mary had to do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom already knows why Mary didn't do that.
Tom wasn't able to explain that in a way that his students could understand.
Tom said that he thought that it would be better if we didn't do that today.
Tom realized it would be a waste of time to try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom has already decided that he's going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom assumed that everybody in the room knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed everybody in the room knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom already knows Mary is planning to stay in Boston for another three days.
The last time I talked with Tom he said that he was planning to get married.
I thought that it was a snake, but it turned out to just be a piece of rope.
I think Tom used to be one of the janitors at the school where Mary teaches.
I know that Tom won't be as enthusiastic about doing that as you seem to be.
I know that Tom will wait until Mary gets there before he starts doing that.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I know that Tom is a professor at Harvard, but I don't know what he teaches.
I know that Tom is a little worried about what might happen if he does that.
I know that Tom is a good student, but I don't think he's very good at math.
I know that Tom is a friend of Mary's, but I don't think he's her boyfriend.
I know that Tom is a drummer. Why don't we see if he wants to join our band?
I know that Tom didn't know that he was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know that Tom could save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I know that I don't have enough time to do everything that needs to be done.
I know Tom won't know whether he can do that or not until he tries doing it.
I know Tom knows why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I know Tom knows that Mary was the one who told John not to do that anymore.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I know Tom is a friend of Mary's, but I don't think that he's her boyfriend.
I knew that Tom was a little worried about what might happen if he did that.
I knew that Tom was a gun owner, but I didn't know that he had so many guns.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I knew Tom was a good volleyball player, but I didn't know he was this good.
I knew Tom could play the piano, but I didn't know he could play it so well.
I didn't know that you were planning to do that while you were in Australia.
I didn't know that you were planning on doing that while you were in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom didn't know how long it was going to take to do that.
I can't come in to work today because I have to take my son to the hospital.
What I soon realized was we wouldn't be able to do that without Tom's help.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom already knows why Mary did that.
Tom wasn't the one who told that Mary was the one who was going to do that.
Tom was really superstitious and didn't want to do that on Friday the 13th.
Tom said that he'd give the book to Mary as soon as he finished reading it.
Tom said that he thought that it would be better if we didn't do that here.
Tom said that he didn't want what Mary said that she was going to give him.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be present at the meeting on October 20th.
Tom said that Mary thought that John might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he thought there was no chance that Mary would do that by herself.
Tom knows that Mary will likely do the opposite of what he tells her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do everything John wants her to do.
Tom has already decided he's not going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom has already decided he isn't going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he might need help later in the afternoon.
Tom assumed that everyone in the room knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed everyone in the room knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
It was clear that Tom wasn't going to be able to keep Mary from doing that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know that you were the ones who had done that.
I told Tom that I didn't think that you'd be able to do that by yourselves.
I think the girl that Tom is dating is still in love with her ex-boyfriend.
I think that the girl Tom is dating is still in love with her ex-boyfriend.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and I to go skin diving by ourselves.
I realize that I'm not very likely to be able to do that without your help.
I know that you didn't want Tom to wear your clothes, but his were all wet.
I know that Tom wouldn't be forgiven for doing that if he weren't so young.
I know that Tom would like to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I know that Tom will be as enthusiastic about doing that as you seem to be.
I know that Tom is a dog trainer, so maybe we can get him to train our dog.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he isn't supposed to be doing that today.
I know that Tom didn't know that I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know how much time it would take for him to do that.
I know many people think Tom is a likable guy, but I don't like him at all.
I know Tom knew why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I knew that Tom was a very sound sleeper, so I didn't even try to be quiet.
I knew that Tom was a good drummer. That's why I asked him to play with us.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I knew Tom knew why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I had no idea that Tom would be as enthusiastic about doing that as he was.
I didn't know that you were planning to do that when you were in Australia.
I didn't know that you were planning to do that before you went home today.
I didn't know that you were planning on doing that when you were in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom would be as enthusiastic about doing that as he was.
I didn't know that Tom was the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I didn't know that Tom knew how much time it would take for him to do that.
How did you know Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he needed to buy?
You knew I wasn't going to be able to convince Tom to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know that you weren't supposed to do that by yourself, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
We're the only ones here who know that Tom almost never does that anymore.
Tom's mother told him that it was bad manners to chew with his mouth open.
Tom was surprised when Mary told him that she was only thirteen years old.
Tom wants for buy Mary some jewelry, but he's not sure what he should buy.
Tom said that he thought that there was no chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not need to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not have to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that Mary would likely be present at the meeting on October 20th.
Tom said he thought Mary would probably be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John thinks she should do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do everything John asks her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do everything John wants her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do everything John tells her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do everything John thinks she should do.
The police believe that Tom had something to do with Mary's disappearance.
The only thing that I've eaten all day was the banana I ate for breakfast.
The only thing I've eaten all day was the banana that I ate for breakfast.
The only reason that Tom didn't do that was because Mary asked him not to.
The last time I talked with Tom he said he was planning to move to Boston.
My problem is other people know that you're the one who's paying my bills.
It was clear that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that without our help.
It was clear that Tom didn't know that you were the one who had done that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know that we were the ones who had done that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
I'm sure that there's a perfectly reasonable explanation why Tom did that.
I want you to know that I'm willing to help you do that if you want me to.
I told Tom that Mary already knew that he wasn't going to be at her party.
I thought that it would be possible to do that by myself, but I was wrong.
I think that this is the first time Tom and I have done that by ourselves.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary how to do that.
I realize the only reason that Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
I realize that the only reason Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
I know that Tom would be able to do that if he really puts his mind to it.
I know that Tom isn't a very fast swimmer, but he can swim long distances.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he isn't supposed to be doing that here.
I know that Tom didn't know that he wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I know that Tom didn't know exactly how much it would cost him to do that.
I know Tom knows that Mary knows that she shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she should do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I know Tom is a fast runner, but I still think I could beat him in a race.
I know Tom is a designer, but I don't know what kind of things he designs.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do that.
I knew Tom would show Mary how to do that even though he said he wouldn't.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I knew Tom was a pretty good carpenter. That's why I asked him to help me.
I didn't think that Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I didn't know you were planning on doing that while you were in Australia.
I didn't know that Tom knew why I was planning on doing that next weekend.
I didn't know that I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom can do that better than I can.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom and only Tom needs to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that Mary was likely to get back from Australia on October 20th.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I would be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom just wanted to let Mary know he wouldn't be able to attend her party.
Tom is still living in the same place that he was living three years ago.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do whatever John wants her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John is asking her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John has asked her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do anything John wants her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do what John thinks she should do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do everything John asks her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do everything John is asking her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do everything John has asked her to do.
Tom didn't seem to know Mary didn't do what she said she was going to do.
Tom called Mary to tell her he thought she should go to Boston with John.
Tom asked Mary to give the engagement ring he'd given to her back to him.
Tom accidentally ran over his dog as he backed his car out of the garage.
The police now believe Tom had something to do with Mary's disappearance.
I was the only one there who didn't know that Tom used to live in Boston.
I took the job because they promised me I wouldn't have to work weekends.
I think that it might be dangerous for Tom and I to do that by ourselves.
I know you well enough to know you didn't really want to go out with Tom.
I know that Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that if he tried to.
I know that Tom knows that Mary probably doesn't want to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary probably doesn't need to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary probably doesn't have to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that she shouldn't do that anymore.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I know that Tom isn't a vegetarian. I've seen him eating meat many times.
I know that Tom isn't a law student, but I'm not sure what he's studying.
I know that Tom isn't a history teacher. I think that he teaches science.
I know that Tom isn't a friend of yours, but you are friends, aren't you?
I know that Tom is a disagreeable old man, but we still need to help him.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I'm planning on doing that next weekend.
I know that Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take for him to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know how long it was going to take him to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know Mary was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom knows that Mary knows that he shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary was the one who was supposed to do that.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that if he really put his mind to it.
I knew that Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that if he tried to.
I knew that Tom would be a good basketball coach. That's why I hired him.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
I knew that Tom was a guitarist, but I didn't know he could play so well.
I knew that Tom had to finish writing the report before he could go home.
I don't think that Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't have enough money to buy that house on Park Street I want to buy.
I didn't know you were planning on doing that when you were in Australia.
I didn't know you were planning on doing that before you went home today.
I didn't know that you were supposed to do that the day before yesterday.
I didn't know that you were planning to do that while you were in Boston.
I didn't know that I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed.
I didn't know Tom was the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I didn't knew Tom wanted to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
Everybody seemed to already know that Tom and Mary were getting divorced.
At first, I didn't notice that Tom was missing a finger on his left hand.
You should let Tom know that you need to do that before you can go home.
You should let Tom know that Mary is going to try to do that by herself.
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that as quickly as Mary, didn't you?
You didn't know you were the ones who were supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know you were supposed to do that before I got here, did you?
You did know that I was the one who was supposed to do that, didn't you?
We're the only ones here who know that Tom already knows how to do that.
Tom told Mary she should probably not put so much stuff in her suitcase.
Tom said that he'd give Mary the book as soon as he finished reading it.
Tom said that he thought that it would be better if Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he thought it would be better not to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he thought it would be better if we did that by ourselves.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance that it would rain tomorrow.
Tom said he thought that it would be better not to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he thought that it would be better if we did that by ourselves.
Tom knows Mary will likely do the opposite of what he advises her to do.
Tom is looking for somebody to babysit his children next Monday evening.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do anything John asks her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do whatever John tells her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do what John is asking her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do what John has asked her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has to do everything John wants her to do.
Tom has decided that he's not going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom has decided that he isn't going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom has already decided that he's not going to go to Boston next summer.
Tom has already decided that he isn't going to go to Boston next summer.
Tom didn't notice that Mary wasn't wearing the ring that he'd given her.
Tom didn't know that the car parked in front of Mary's house was John's.
Tom asked Mary to tell John he didn't plan to go to Australia this year.
It was clear that Tom didn't know that he didn't really need to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know that he didn't really have to do that.
I'm pretty sure that we haven't done anything we weren't supposed to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom hasn't done everything he was supposed to have done.
I was the only one there who didn't know Tom couldn't understand French.
I was the only one in the room who knew Tom was planning to get married.
I think that Tom wouldn't have told that joke if Mary hadn't been there.
I reason that Tom did that was because everybody else in his family did.
I know that eventually I'm going to have to do that if nobody else does.
I know that eventually I'm going to have to do that if no one else does.
I know that Tom will eventually give up and ask Mary to do that for him.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that he shouldn't do that anymore.
I know that Tom knew that we were the ones who were supposed to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I know that Tom isn't a history teacher. I think he's a science teacher.
I know that Tom doesn't want to do that, but I want him to do it anyway.
I know that Tom didn't know we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
I know that I'm supposed to pay my rent on the first day of every month.
I know that I should have said something, but I didn't know what to say.
I know sooner or later I'm going to have to do that if nobody else does.
I know sooner or later I'm going to have to do that if no one else does.
I know Tom won't wait until Mary gets there before he starts doing that.
I know Tom knows that Mary probably doesn't want him to do that anymore.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I know Tom isn't any more likely to do that today than he was yesterday.
I know Tom isn't a history teacher. I think that he's a science teacher.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I know Tom is a little older than the rest of the students in his class.
I know Tom is a good-looking man, but I still wouldn't want to date him.
I know Tom didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good driver, but I lent him my car anyway.
I knew that Tom played the bass. I just didn't know that he was so good.
I knew that I shouldn't waste my time trying to convince Tom to help us.
I knew that I shouldn't waste my time trying to convince Tom to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
I knew Tom wanted to do that yesterday, but he was busy, so he couldn't.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you weren't here on October 20th.
I didn't want to go to Boston last week, but my boss said that I had to.
I didn't want any of my friends to know that I had been arrested before.
I didn't know that you were planning to do that when you were in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that the day before yesterday.
You should let Tom know that you don't need to do that until next week.
You should let Tom know that you don't have to do that until next year.
You ought to let Tom know Mary is going to do that unless he helps her.
You know me well enough to know that I wouldn't do something like that.
You didn't know that you were supposed to do that by yourself, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to help Mary do that, did you?
You didn't know that I was still planning on joining the team, did you?
We're the only ones here who know that Tom will be doing that tomorrow.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom and only Tom should do that.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom and only Tom has to do that.
Tom wasn't able to explain that in a way his students could understand.
Tom thinks that he's the only person in town who can play the bagpipes.
Tom says he knows that Mary won't go to Boston unless he goes with her.
Tom says he knows that Mary won't do that unless he does that with her.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to get back to Boston on October 20th.
Tom said that he thought it would be better if we didn't do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that he had enough time to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't believe you were really considering doing that.
Tom said he thought that it would be better if we didn't do that today.
Tom is looking for someone to babysit his children next Monday evening.
Tom has already told me that he's decided not to go Boston next summer.
Tom has already decided he's going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom has already been told that he's not going to be allowed to do that.
Tom has already been told that he isn't going to be allowed to do that.
Tom forgot to ask Mary the question that John had asked him to ask her.
Tom assumed everybody in the room knew Mary couldn't understand French.
The last time I talked with Tom he said that he didn't want to do that.
The last time I talked with Tom he said he was planning to get married.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't done anything he wasn't supposed to do.
I was the only one there who didn't know that Tom was going to do that.
I thought it was a snake, but it turned out to just be a piece of rope.
I think that Tom and I would be lonely if we went camping by ourselves.
I swear that if I ever see you doing that again, I'll tell your father.
I soon realized that we wouldn't be able to do that without Tom's help.
I reason that Tom did that was because everyone else in his family did.
I know that Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without Mary's help.
I know that Tom would like to know that you aren't planning to do that.
I know that Tom wanted to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I know that Tom knows that Mary probably won't want to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary probably won't need to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary probably won't have to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that she doesn't need to do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that she doesn't have to do that.
I know that Tom is a good swimmer, but he doesn't swim as well as I do.
I know that Tom doesn't need to do that, but he said that he wanted to.
I know that Tom didn't know how much time it would take him to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know he was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom won't be as enthusiastic about doing that as you seem to be.
I know Tom will wait until Mary gets there before he starts doing that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I know Tom is a professor at Harvard, but I don't know what he teaches.
I know Tom is a little worried about what might happen if he does that.
I know Tom is a good student, but I don't think he's very good at math.
I know Tom is a friend of Mary's, but I don't think he's her boyfriend.
I know Tom is a drummer. Why don't we see if he wants to join our band?
I know Tom didn't know that he was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom could save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I knew that you were crazy, but I didn't know that you were this crazy.
I knew that Tom would likely do that for you if you asked him politely.
I knew that Tom was a gun owner, but I didn't know he had so many guns.
I knew that Tom wanted to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I knew Tom was a really good dancer. I just didn't know he was so good.
I knew Tom was a little worried about what might happen if he did that.
I knew Tom was a gun owner, but I didn't know that he had so many guns.
I knew Tom was a guitarist, but I'd never heard him play until tonight.
I didn't think that you were going to be able to do that by yourselves.
I didn't know you were planning to do that while you were in Australia.
I didn't know you were planning on doing that while you were in Boston.
I didn't know that you were planning on doing that while you were here.
I didn't know that Tom knew why I was planning to do that next weekend.
I didn't know that Tom knew how much time it would take him to do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't know how long it was going to take to do that.
How did you know Tom was planning to eat at that restaurant last night?
Has it been proven that there's a link between tobacco and lung cancer?
From the time he was a small boy, Tom knew he wanted to be a policeman.
Don't you think that you'll be able to solve the problem by yourselves?
Don't sound so surprised. You know that I can do whatever I want to do.
You didn't know you were the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
We're the only ones here who know Tom already knows why Mary did that.
Tom will be very disappointed if you don't eat the salad that he made.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary was the one who was going to do that.
Tom was the only singer at the event who wrote the songs that he sang.
Tom told Mary that he didn't have enough money to buy what she wanted.
Tom said that he thought that those mushrooms were probably poisonous.
Tom said that he thought that it would be better if we didn't do that.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that he thought it would be better if we didn't do that here.
Tom said that he didn't want what Mary said she was going to give him.
Tom said that he didn't remember people's names as well as he used to.
Tom said that Mary was likely to get back from Boston on October 20th.
Tom said that Mary thought John might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he'd give the book to Mary as soon as he finished reading it.
Tom said he thought that it would be better if we didn't do that here.
Tom said Mary was likely to be present at the meeting on October 20th.
Tom said Mary thought that John might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom knows Mary will likely do the opposite of what he tells her to do.
Tom knew that Mary had been accused of murdering her previous husband.
Tom is still driving the same car that he was driving three years ago.
Tom hoped that the doctors would tell him that he didn't need surgery.
Tom eventually realized that the umbrella he was using wasn't his own.
Tom decided that it was finally time to do what he'd promised he'd do.
Tom cut Mary's hair with the pair of scissors that John had given him.
Tom can't afford to buy everything that Mary wants him to buy for her.
Tom called Mary to tell her he might need help later in the afternoon.
Tom assumed everyone in the room knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they were supposed to be here yesterday.
The last time I talked with Tom he said that I didn't have to do that.
No one knew that Tom was the person who contributed most of the money.
Mary knew that Tom was a married man, but she flirted with him anyway.
It's possible that Tom may not know that Mary can't understand French.
It was clear that Tom didn't know you were the ones who had done that.
It was clear Tom wasn't going to be able to keep Mary from doing that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't know that you were the ones who had done that.
I've spent all but thirty dollars of the money that my father gave me.
I'm very pleased to announce that Tom Jackson will be my running mate.
I'm pretty sure that we haven't done everything we are supposed to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't done everything he was supposed to do.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that by yourselves.
I think the girl Tom is dating is still in love with her ex-boyfriend.
I think that what's happening now is similar to what happened in 2013.
I think that Tom would like to know if you aren't planning to do that.
I think that Tom is a student at the university where I used to teach.
I realize I'm not very likely to be able to do that without your help.
I know that you're not going to come to my party, but I wish you were.
I know that you aren't going to come to my party, but I wish you were.
I know that Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that if he tried.
I know that Tom will eventually give up and let somebody else do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary might not want him to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that he doesn't need to do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that he doesn't have to do that.
I know that Tom isn't as old as the rest of the students in his class.
I know that Tom isn't a violin teacher. He can't even play the violin.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I know that Tom is probably better at doing that than you think he is.
I know that Tom is more likely to do that today than he was yesterday.
I know that Tom is a devoted husband, but he's not a very good father.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I know that Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to be doing that today.
I know that Tom didn't know exactly how much it would cost to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know that I should've said something, but I didn't know what to say.
I know Tom wouldn't be forgiven for doing that if he weren't so young.
I know Tom would like to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I know Tom will be as enthusiastic about doing that as you seem to be.
I know Tom is a dog trainer, so maybe we can get him to train our dog.
I know Tom doesn't know that he isn't supposed to be doing that today.
I know Tom didn't know that I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I know Tom didn't know how much time it would take for him to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good driver, but I let him drive anyway.
I knew Tom was a very sound sleeper, so I didn't even try to be quiet.
I knew Tom was a good drummer. That's why I asked him to play with us.
I had no idea Tom would be as enthusiastic about doing that as he was.
I don't yet know whether Tom will be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I don't think that Tom will admit that he doesn't know how to do that.
I don't think that Tom knew exactly how much it would cost to do that.
I didn't know you were planning to do that when you were in Australia.
I didn't know you were planning to do that before you went home today.
I didn't know you were planning on doing that when you were in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as quickly as Mary.
I didn't know that Tom didn't know how much time he'd need to do that.
I didn't know Tom would be as enthusiastic about doing that as he was.
I didn't know Tom was the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I didn't know Tom knew how much time it would take for him to do that.
Everybody knew Tom wasn't going to do what he said he was going to do.
Even though Tom knew that Mary was married, he still flirted with her.
You should let Tom know that Mary wants to try to do that by herself.
You knew that Tom told everybody he was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that as well as Mary, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that as fast as Mary, didn't you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to help me do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that by myself, did you?
You didn't know Tom was the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
You can't keep the ring that Tom gave you. You ought to give it back.
We're the only ones here who know Tom almost never does that anymore.
Tom's mother told him it was bad manners to chew with his mouth open.
Tom was surprised when Mary told him she was only thirteen years old.
Tom wants to ask what Mary has been doing, but he knows he shouldn't.
Tom told me that he thought that he was being followed by the police.
Tom said that he wanted something to eat, so I bought him a sandwich.
Tom said that he thought there was no chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought that it would be better not to do that here.
Tom said that he thought that it would be better if I didn't do that.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't get there until after dark.
Tom said that he thought that Mary probably wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not need to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not have to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he thought that there was no chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not need to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not have to do that on October 20th.
Tom said Mary would likely be present at the meeting on October 20th.
Tom realized that the car parked in front of Mary's house was John's.
Tom realized that he should apologize to Mary, but he didn't want to.
Tom is still dating the same girl that he was dating three years ago.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John wants her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John tells her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do everything John tells her to do.
Tom didn't seem to know Mary hadn't done what she was supposed to do.
Tom came to Australia for the first time when he was three years old.
Tom assumed that everybody knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
There was no way that I could've known that that was going to happen.
There was no way that I could've known that Tom was going to do that.
The reason that Tom didn't do that was because Mary asked him not to.
The police believe Tom had something to do with Mary's disappearance.
The only thing I've eaten all day was the banana I ate for breakfast.
The only reason Tom didn't do that was because Mary asked him not to.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was going to do that with Mary.
It was clear that Tom didn't know you were the one who had done that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know we were the ones who had done that.
It was clear Tom wasn't going to be able to do that without our help.
It was clear Tom didn't know that you were the one who had done that.
It was clear Tom didn't know that we were the ones who had done that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that you were supposed to do that.
I'm pretty sure that I haven't done anything I wasn't supposed to do.
I won't be able to come in to work today because I have a high fever.
I want you to know I'm willing to help you do that if you want me to.
I told Tom that Mary already knew he wasn't going to be at her party.
I told Tom Mary already knew that he wasn't going to be at her party.
I thought it would be possible to do that by myself, but I was wrong.
I think this is the first time Tom and I have done that by ourselves.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary how to do that.
I realize the only reason Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
I know that Tom wouldn't be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I know that Tom would like to know if you aren't planning to do that.
I know that Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do that.
I know that Tom thought it would be a good idea to help Mary do that.
I know that Tom probably can't do that any faster that than Mary can.
I know that Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I know that Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I know that Tom is a dog breeder, so maybe we can get a dog from him.
I know that Tom is a detective, but I don't know much else about him.
I know that Tom doesn't know why you wanted to do that by yourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know why you needed to do that by yourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he's not supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he doesn't need to help us do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he doesn't have to help us do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take him to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to be doing that here.
I know that Tom didn't know that he wasn't supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know that Mary shouldn't have been doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know how long it was going to take to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I know that I won't be able to do that, so I'm not even going to try.
I know Tom would be able to do that if he really puts his mind to it.
I know Tom isn't a very fast swimmer, but he can swim long distances.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he isn't supposed to be doing that here.
I know Tom didn't know that he wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I know Tom didn't know exactly how much it would cost him to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom was a violin teacher, so I asked him to teach my son.
I knew that Tom was a good skier, but I didn't know he was this good.
I knew that Tom thought it would be a good idea to help Mary do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know that you were the ones who had done that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will want to do that on October 20th.
I don't want any of my friends to know that I wasn't able to do that.
I don't think that I could make up a story like that even if I tried.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I didn't know that you'd already bought me a drink. Now I've got two.
I didn't know that you wanted to do that while you were in Australia.
I didn't know that we wouldn't have enough time to do that yesterday.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to keep Mary from doing that.
I didn't know that Tom knew how long it was going to take to do that.
I didn't know that I was going to have to introduce the main speaker.
I didn't know that I was going to have to help Tom with his homework.
I didn't know Tom knew why I was planning on doing that next weekend.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were dating each other until John told me.
Everyone knew Tom wasn't going to do what he said he was going to do.
Did you know Tom wrote his first song when he was thirteen years old?
You should let Tom know that you have to do that sometime this week.
You didn't know that you weren't supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that yesterday, did you?
You didn't know that I was still planning to join the team, did you?
We're the only ones who knew that Tom was the one who had done that.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom won't be able to do that.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom and only Tom can do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom can do that better than I can.
We're the only ones here who know Tom and only Tom needs to do that.
We know that Tom sometimes does things that he's not supposed to do.
We know that Tom sometimes does things that he isn't supposed to do.
Tom wanted you to know that he's not going to be at today's meeting.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be home on October 20th.
Tom told me that he saw Mary dressed like a man yesterday afternoon.
Tom seemed to know Mary didn't do what she said she was going to do.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't be in his office on October 20th.
Tom said that he knew that he might need to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that he knew that he might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom said Mary was likely to get back from Australia on October 20th.
Tom lost money at the casino, but he told his friends that he'd won.
Tom looked around for something that he could use to defend himself.
Tom is still living in the same place he was living three years ago.
Tom is looking for somebody to babysit his kids next Monday evening.
Tom hopes that he won't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John asks her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do what John wants her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do what John tells her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do what John thinks she should do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do everything John asks her to do.
Tom has just been told that he's not going to be allowed to do that.
Tom has just been told that he isn't going to be allowed to do that.
Tom has decided that he's going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom has already decided that he's going to go to Boston next summer.
Tom didn't know that he was adopted until he was thirteen years old.
Tom didn't even know how to do that until he was thirteen years old.
Tom claims that he didn't know that Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom bought something at that store, but I don't know what he bought.
Tom assumed that everyone knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom and I didn't know we were the ones who were supposed to do that.
Tom and I didn't know that we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
The men that Tom robbed didn't tell anybody that they'd been robbed.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was going to do that for Mary.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't know that I wasn't going to do that.
I'm pretty sure that I haven't done everything I was supposed to do.
I'm not ashamed of my behavior, even though I know that I should be.
I was the only one there who didn't know that Tom wanted to do that.
I was the only one there who didn't know Tom used to live in Boston.
I think you should let Tom know that you don't want him to be there.
I think that Tom will likely spend the rest of his life behind bars.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and I to do that by ourselves.
I know that you probably didn't really want to do that this morning.
I know that Tom would tell Mary how to do that if she wanted him to.
I know that Tom won't enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I know that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that without our help.
I know that Tom knew how much time it would take for him to do that.
I know that Tom isn't a history teacher. I think he teaches science.
I know that Tom is now married, has three kids, and lives in Boston.
I know that Tom is a tailor, but I've heard that he's not very good.
I know that Tom is a surgeon, but I don't know what kind of surgeon.
I know that Tom is a flight attendant, but Mary thinks he's a pilot.
I know that Tom is a father now. I wonder if he'll be a good father.
I know that Tom is a better pitcher this year than he was last year.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he doesn't really have to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take us to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know how long it's going to take to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know exactly how much it'll cost to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that you shouldn't have been doing that.
I know eventually I'm going to have to tell Tom about what happened.
I know Tom knows that Mary probably doesn't want to do that anymore.
I know Tom knows that Mary probably doesn't need to do that anymore.
I know Tom knows that Mary probably doesn't have to do that anymore.
I know Tom knows that Mary knows that she shouldn't do that anymore.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I know Tom isn't a vegetarian. I've seen him eating meat many times.
I know Tom isn't a law student, but I'm not sure what he's studying.
I know Tom isn't a history teacher. I think that he teaches science.
I know Tom isn't a friend of yours, but you are friends, aren't you?
I know Tom is a disagreeable old man, but we still need to help him.
I know Tom doesn't know why I'm planning on doing that next weekend.
I know Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take for him to do that.
I know Tom didn't know how long it was going to take him to do that.
I know Tom didn't know Mary was the one who was supposed to do that.
I knew that Tom was the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I knew that Tom was a widower and I also knew that Mary was a widow.
I knew that Tom knew how much time it would take for him to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know that you were the one who had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't know that we were the ones who had done that.
I knew Tom would be able to do that if he really put his mind to it.
I knew Tom would be a good basketball coach. That's why I hired him.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
I knew Tom was a guitarist, but I didn't know he could play so well.
I knew Tom had to finish writing the report before he could go home.
I doubt that Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I didn't know you were supposed to do that the day before yesterday.
I didn't know you were planning to do that while you were in Boston.
I didn't know that you weren't planning on doing that by yourselves.
I didn't know that you were planning to do that while you were here.
I didn't know that you were going to be able to do that by yourself.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that without our help.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that before Mary got here.
I didn't know that Tom was going to do that in Australia last month.
I didn't know I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed.
I could hear everything that Tom and Mary were saying to each other.
Everybody seemed to already know Tom and Mary were getting divorced.
Do you think that you'll be able to solve the problem by yourselves?
Do you think that you can do that without getting yourselves killed?
At first, I didn't notice Tom was missing a finger on his left hand.
You should let Tom know you need to do that before you can go home.
You should let Tom know Mary is going to try to do that by herself.
You knew that Tom wasn't supposed to help Mary do that, didn't you?
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know I was the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
You could've called and let me know that you were going to be late.
You can't keep the ring that Tom gave you. You should give it back.
You and I both know that Tom doesn't enjoy watching baseball on TV.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom doesn't want to do that.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom doesn't have to do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom already knows how to do that.
Tom texted Mary to let her know he was going to be late for dinner.
Tom spent some time looking at the pictures that Mary had sent him.
Tom says that he knows a good Chinese restaurant that we can go to.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows that she has to do that before Monday.
Tom said that he'll probably go shopping with Mary on October 20th.
Tom said that he wanted something to eat, so I made him a sandwich.
Tom said that he thought that it would be better not to go outside.
Tom said that he thought that Mary and John were going to break up.
Tom said that he thought it would be better if Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he didn't see any kangaroos when he was in Australia.
Tom said that Mary isn't likely to do that with us on October 20th.
Tom said he'd give Mary the book as soon as he finished reading it.
Tom said he thought that it would be better if Mary didn't do that.
Tom said he thought it would be better not to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he thought it would be better if we did that by ourselves.
Tom said Mary thought that it was unlikely that John would do that.
Tom realized that there was a good chance that he might get killed.
Tom realized that he wouldn't be able to do that without some help.
Tom is looking for someone to babysit his kids next Monday evening.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do what John asks her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do whatever John tells her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do what John is asking her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do what John has asked her to do.
Tom has decided he's not going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom has decided he isn't going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom has already told me that he's decided to go Boston next summer.
Tom has already decided he's not going to go to Boston next summer.
Tom has already decided he isn't going to go to Boston next summer.
Tom doesn't hate Mary. He's just fallen in love with somebody else.
Tom didn't seem to know that we were all going to Boston next week.
Tom didn't notice that Mary wasn't wearing the ring he'd given her.
Tom didn't know the car parked in front of Mary's house was John's.
Tom didn't know that Mary wanted to do that when she was in Boston.
Tom called his parents to let them know that he was in the hospital.
Tom asked Mary to do something that she knew that she shouldn't do.
Tom and I didn't know that we were supposed to do that before noon.
The men that Tom robbed didn't tell anyone that they'd been robbed.
The last time that Tom did that was when he was thirteen years old.
It was clear that Tom wasn't going to do what Mary asked him to do.
It was clear that Tom didn't know he didn't really need to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know he didn't really have to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't know that he didn't really need to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't know that he didn't really have to do that.
It might be dangerous for Tom and I to go skin diving by ourselves.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom used to live in Boston.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm pretty sure we haven't done anything we weren't supposed to do.
I'm pretty sure that we haven't done anything we didn't need to do.
I'm pretty sure that we haven't done anything we didn't have to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't done anything he didn't need to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't done anything he didn't have to do.
I was the only one there who knew that Tom didn't want to be there.
I was pretty sure that Tom would be better at doing that than Mary.
I think you should let Tom know that you don't want him to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I think that Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I think Tom wouldn't have told that joke if Mary hadn't been there.
I reason Tom did that was because everybody else in his family did.
I know that Tom would've allowed you to do that if you'd asked him.
I know that Tom would tell Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I know that Tom would show Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I know that Tom would like to know that you're planning to do that.
I know that Tom would be able to do that if he puts his mind to it.
I know that Tom knows that Mary probably shouldn't do that anymore.
I know that Tom knew why I was planning on doing that next weekend.
I know that Tom knew we were the ones who were supposed to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I know that Tom is the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I know that Tom is almost never wrong, but this time I think he is.
I know that Tom doesn't know why you wanted to do that by yourself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why you needed to do that by yourself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why you need to do that by yourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know why you have to do that by yourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know why we wanted to do that by ourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know why we needed to do that by ourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted to do that by herself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary needed to do that by herself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want John to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he doesn't have to do that today.
I know that Tom didn't know that we shouldn't have been doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know that he shouldn't have been doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know how much time it would take to do that.
I know that I shouldn't have told Tom he should do that, but I did.
I know eventually I'm going to have to do that if nobody else does.
I know eventually I'm going to have to do that if no one else does.
I know Tom will eventually give up and ask Mary to do that for him.
I know Tom knows that Mary knows that he shouldn't do that anymore.
I know Tom knew that we were the ones who were supposed to do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I know Tom isn't a history teacher. I think he's a science teacher.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that, but I want him to do it anyway.
I know Tom didn't know we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
I knew that Tom would've allowed you to do that if you'd asked him.
I knew that Tom would tell Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I knew that Tom would show Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I knew that Tom would like to know that you're planning to do that.
I knew that Tom knew why I was planning on doing that next weekend.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good driver, but I lent him my car anyway.
I knew I shouldn't waste my time trying to convince Tom to help us.
I knew I shouldn't waste my time trying to convince Tom to do that.
I doubt that Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I doubt that Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't yet know whether we'll be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I don't that Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I didn't want to go to Boston last week, but my boss said I had to.
I didn't want any of my friends to know I had been arrested before.
I didn't know you were planning to do that when you were in Boston.
I didn't know that you were going to be through doing that by 2:30.
I didn't know that you used to do that when you lived in Australia.
I didn't know that we weren't going to have enough time to do that.
I didn't know that we were supposed to do that before Tom got here.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that without my help.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as well as Mary.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as fast as Mary.
I didn't know that Tom would need help figuring out how to do that.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't going to have enough time to do that.
I didn't know that Tom didn't know anybody who was able to do that.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that while I was in Boston.
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that the day before yesterday.
I can't guarantee that Tom will do that, but I'll encourage him to.
Everyone seemed to already know Tom and Mary were getting divorced.
Didn't you know that Tom used to be a professional baseball player?
At that time, I didn't know that we wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Although Tom knew that Mary was married, he still flirted with her.
You should let Tom know you don't need to do that until next week.
You should let Tom know you don't have to do that until next year.
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to help Mary do that, did you?
You and I both know that you were the one who stole Tom's bicycle.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom almost never does that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom will be doing that tomorrow.
We're the only ones here who know Tom and only Tom should do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom and only Tom has to do that.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't wearing the ring that he'd given her.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but he knew that she wouldn't want him to.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be home on October 20th.
Tom told Mary that she had the most beautiful eyes he'd ever seen.
Tom told Mary that he couldn't afford to buy her any more jewelry.
Tom thinks he's the only person in town who can play the bagpipes.
Tom said that he didn't think he had enough time to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary bought her pearl necklace.
Tom said that he didn't know all of his great-grandfathers' names.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to get back to Boston on October 20th.
Tom said he thought it would be better if we didn't do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that he had enough time to do that today.
Tom said he didn't believe you were really considering doing that.
Tom has already told me he's decided not to go Boston next summer.
Tom has already been told he's not going to be allowed to do that.
Tom has already been told he isn't going to be allowed to do that.
Tom forgot to ask Mary the question John had asked him to ask her.
Tom doesn't hate Mary. He's just fallen in love with someone else.
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't like living in Boston.
Tom called his boss to tell him that he wouldn't be at work today.
Tom assumed that everybody at school knew that he'd been arrested.
Tom and I didn't know we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
The last time I talked with Tom he said he didn't want to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know she won't do that.
Mary is the most beautiful girl that I've ever actually talked to.
It's too bad that Tom won't be able to come to our party tomorrow.
I'm pretty sure Tom hasn't done anything he wasn't supposed to do.
I was the only one there who knew that Tom didn't want to do that.
I was the only one there who didn't know Tom was going to do that.
I think that you ought to let Tom and I go to Boston by ourselves.
I think that Tom will likely spend the rest of his life in prison.
I think that Mary is the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I think Tom and I would be lonely if we went camping by ourselves.
I swear if I ever see you doing that again, I'll tell your father.
I soon realized we wouldn't be able to do that without Tom's help.
I reason Tom did that was because everyone else in his family did.
I know that you love me, but all I feel for you is just affection.
I know that you have a truck. Would you let me borrow it tomorrow?
I know that Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I know that Tom would show you how to do that if you asked him to.
I know that Tom won't be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I know that Tom knows why I'm planning on doing that next weekend.
I know that Tom knows that Mary might not want to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary might not need to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary might not have to do that anymore.
I know that Tom isn't handsome, but I wouldn't say that he's ugly.
I know that Tom isn't a very good boss, but he's still a nice guy.
I know that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I know that Tom is the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I know that Tom is a little too young to be doing that by himself.
I know that Tom is a good singer, but I think that Mary is better.
I know that Tom is a golfer. Maybe he could teach you how to play.
I know that Tom is a doctor, but I don't know what kind of doctor.
I know that Tom doesn't know why you had to do that by yourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary needs to do that by herself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he shouldn't be doing that here.
I know that Tom doesn't know that Mary has never done that before.
I know that Tom didn't know that May shouldn't do that by herself.
I know that Tom didn't know that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that I shouldn't have been doing that.
I know that Tom could probably get Mary to show us how to do that.
I know that Tom can't actually do that even though he says he can.
I know Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without Mary's help.
I know Tom would like to know that you aren't planning to do that.
I know Tom wanted to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I know Tom knows that Mary probably won't want to do that anymore.
I know Tom knows that Mary probably won't need to do that anymore.
I know Tom knows that Mary probably won't have to do that anymore.
I know Tom knows that Mary knows that she doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom knows that Mary knows that she doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom is a good swimmer, but he doesn't swim as well as I do.
I know Tom doesn't need to do that, but he said that he wanted to.
I know Tom didn't know how much time it would take him to do that.
I know Tom didn't know he was the one who was supposed to do that.
I knew you were crazy, but I didn't know that you were this crazy.
I knew that you were crazy, but I didn't know you were this crazy.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I knew that Tom would tell you how to do that if you asked him to.
I knew that Tom would show you how to do that if you asked him to.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
I knew that Tom was a high school dropout, but I hired him anyway.
I knew that Tom didn't know that he didn't really need to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know that he didn't really have to do that.
I knew Tom would likely do that for you if you asked him politely.
I knew Tom was a gun owner, but I didn't know he had so many guns.
I knew Tom wanted to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I gave Tom all the money that I could, but it still wasn't enough.
I don't think that Tom has done anything he wasn't supposed to do.
I don't know whether Tom will be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I didn't want any of my friends to know that I had been in prison.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think that you were going to be doing that by yourselves.
I didn't know you were planning on doing that while you were here.
I didn't know that you weren't planning on doing that next winter.
I didn't know that you weren't planning on doing that by yourself.
I didn't know that you were the ones who were supposed to do that.
I didn't know that you wanted to do that while you were in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I didn't know that Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I didn't know that Tom would be able to do that without some help.
I didn't know that Tom didn't know anyone who was able to do that.
I didn't know Tom knew why I was planning to do that next weekend.
I didn't know Tom knew how much time it would take him to do that.
I can't afford to buy everything that Tom wants me to buy for him.
Has it been proven there's a link between tobacco and lung cancer?
Don't you think you'll be able to solve the problem by yourselves?
You should let Tom know that Mary is going to do that by herself.
You ought to let Tom know that Mary isn't going to be here today.
You know that Tom is still planning to move to Boston, don't you?
You know Tom and Mary don't get along with each other, don't you?
You knew Tom was very unlikely to be able to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know that you were supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that I was still planning on doing that, did you?
Why don't you let Tom know that you're going to do that tomorrow?
Whatever you do, don't let Tom know that you're going to do that.
We know that Tom sometimes does things that he's not supposed to.
We know that Tom sometimes does things that he isn't supposed to.
Tom will be very disappointed if you don't eat the salad he made.
Tom was the only singer at the event who wrote the songs he sang.
Tom was afraid that his parents would start asking him questions.
Tom told us that he thought that he could become a famous singer.
Tom told his students that there would be a test on October 20th.
Tom told Mary he didn't have enough money to buy what she wanted.
Tom said that he thought those mushrooms were probably poisonous.
Tom said that he thought that we should invite Mary to our party.
Tom said that he thought that prices at that store were too high.
Tom said that he thought it would be better if we didn't do that.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew who John was hoping would win.
Tom said that he didn't need anybody to drive him to the airport.
Tom said he thought that those mushrooms were probably poisonous.
Tom said he thought that it would be better if we didn't do that.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he thought it would be better if we didn't do that here.
Tom said he didn't remember people's names as well as he used to.
Tom said Mary was likely to get back from Boston on October 20th.
Tom said Mary thought John might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom knew that the car parked in front of Mary's house was John's.
Tom knew that he should apologize to Mary, but he didn't want to.
Tom knew Mary had been accused of murdering her previous husband.
Tom is still driving the same car he was driving three years ago.
Tom hoped the doctors would tell him that he didn't need surgery.
Tom hoped that the doctors would tell him he didn't need surgery.
Tom has already decided that he's not going to sign the contract.
Tom has already decided that he isn't going to sign the contract.
Tom eventually realized the umbrella he was using wasn't his own.
Tom didn't know that you weren't supposed to do that by yourself.
Tom didn't know that Mary was going to do that yesterday morning.
Tom decided it was finally time to do what he'd promised he'd do.
Tom cut Mary's hair with the pair of scissors John had given him.
Tom claims that he didn't know that Mary was planning to do that.
Tom can't afford to buy everything Mary wants him to buy for her.
Tom assumed that everyone at school knew that he'd been arrested.
Tom asked Mary to tell John that he didn't plan to do that again.
Tom and Mary didn't know they were supposed to be here yesterday.
Tom and I didn't know that we were supposed to do that yesterday.
The last time I talked with Tom he said I didn't have to do that.
Nobody knew Tom was the person who contributed most of the money.
No one knew Tom was the person who contributed most of the money.
Mary knew Tom was a married man, but she flirted with him anyway.
Many people don't know the names of all their great-grandparents.
It's possible that Tom may not know Mary can't understand French.
It was clear that Tom wouldn't be able do that without some help.
It was clear that Tom was going to be the one who had to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't know you were the ones who had done that.
I've spent all but thirty dollars of the money my father gave me.
I'm very pleased to announce Tom Jackson will be my running mate.
I'm sure that Tom is grateful for everything you've done for him.
I'm pretty sure we haven't done everything we are supposed to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't know that I was going to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't know that I was going to be here.
I'm pretty sure that I haven't done anything I didn't need to do.
I'm pretty sure that I haven't done anything I didn't have to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom hasn't done everything he was supposed to do.
I wonder whether Tom knew that Mary wanted to do that by herself.
I think you should let Tom know that you can't do that next week.
I think what's happening now is similar to what happened in 2013.
I think that Tom is a lot busier this week than he was last week.
I think Tom would like to know if you aren't planning to do that.
I think Tom is a student at the university where I used to teach.
I suspected that Tom wouldn't do that unless you did it with him.
I sure that Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I realize that Tom could probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
I know you aren't going to come to my party, but I wish you were.
I know that usually Tom is allowed to do whatever he wants to do.
I know that Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I know that Tom was the one who told Mary not to do that anymore.
I know that Tom probably can't do that any faster that than Mary.
I know that Tom isn't the pitcher. I think that he's the catcher.
I know that Tom isn't a better at playing the trombone than Mary.
I know that Tom is usually allowed to do whatever he wants to do.
I know that Tom is almost always correct, but this time he isn't.
I know that Tom is a professor, but I don't know what he teaches.
I know that Tom is a good-looking guy, but he's not too friendly.
I know that Tom doesn't know why you need to do that by yourself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why you have to do that by yourself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why we need to do that by ourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know why we have to do that by ourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know why he needed to do that by himself.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he'll never be able to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know how much time he'll need to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that he shouldn't do that by himself.
I know that Tom didn't know that he shouldn't be doing that here.
I know that I won't be able to do that if I don't have some help.
I know that I probably don't say it often enough, but I love you.
I know that I don't have enough time to do what needs to be done.
I know Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that if he tried.
I know Tom will eventually give up and let somebody else do that.
I know Tom knows that Mary might not want him to do that anymore.
I know Tom knows that Mary knows that he doesn't need to do that.
I know Tom knows that Mary knows that he doesn't have to do that.
I know Tom isn't as old as the rest of the students in his class.
I know Tom isn't a violin teacher. He can't even play the violin.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I know Tom is probably better at doing that than you think he is.
I know Tom is more likely to do that today than he was yesterday.
I know Tom is a devoted husband, but he's not a very good father.
I know Tom doesn't know why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I know Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to be doing that today.
I know Tom didn't know exactly how much it would cost to do that.
I know Tom didn't know I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't a good driver, but I let him drive anyway.
I knew that Tom was almost deaf, so I spoke as loudly as I could.
I knew that Tom was a vegetarian, so I didn't serve him any meat.
I knew that Tom was a married man, but I flirted with him anyway.
I knew Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that if he tried.
I knew Tom wasn't a very good driver, but I let him drive anyway.
I don't yet know if Tom will be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I don't think that we've done anything we weren't supposed to do.
I don't think that Tom would be able to do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom would be able to do that even if he tried.
I don't think that Tom will be able to help us do that next week.
I don't think that Tom will admit he doesn't know how to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do on October 20th.
I don't think Tom will admit that he doesn't know how to do that.
I don't think Tom knew exactly how much it would cost to do that.
I didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that with us today.
I didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that by yourselves.
I didn't know that you would do that while you were in Australia.
I didn't know that you weren't supposed to do that by yourselves.
I didn't know that you weren't planning to do that by yourselves.
I didn't know that you were planning on doing that by yourselves.
I didn't know that we were the ones who were supposed to do that.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't care if you did that by yourself.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't care if Mary did that by herself.
I didn't know that Tom would like to be the first one to do that.
I didn't know that Tom would be interested in doing that with us.
I didn't know that Tom would be able to do that without our help.
I didn't know that Tom was absent because he was in the hospital.
I didn't know that Tom told Mary that he wasn't going to do that.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that before you got here.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that before Tom got here.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't be able to do that as quickly as Mary.
I didn't know Tom didn't know how much time he'd need to do that.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that the day before yesterday.
How many times have you eaten more than you know that you should?
Even though Tom knew Mary was married, he still flirted with her.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary have both spent time in prison?
You should let Tom know Mary wants to try to do that by herself.
You know that Tom shouldn't be doing that by himself, don't you?
You know that I wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, don't you?
You knew Tom told everybody he was going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to help me do that, did you?
You can't keep the ring that Tom gave you. You should return it.
You can't keep the ring Tom gave you. You ought to give it back.
Why don't you let Tom know that you can take care of yourselves?
Tom's mother died just a week before Tom graduated from college.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom was surprised when Mary told him that she was only thirteen.
Tom wants Mary to know that he won't be able to do that for her.
Tom told me that he thought he was being followed by the police.
Tom told me he thought that he was being followed by the police.
Tom said that he thought that we needed to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he thought that it would be better not to do that.
Tom said that he thought it would be better not to do that here.
Tom said that he thought it would be better if I didn't do that.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't get there until after dark.
Tom said that he thought Mary probably wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't need anyone to drive him to the airport.
Tom said he wanted something to eat, so I bought him a sandwich.
Tom said he thought there was no chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said he thought that it would be better not to do that here.
Tom said he thought that it would be better if I didn't do that.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't get there until after dark.
Tom said he thought that Mary probably wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not want to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he knew Mary might not need to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he knew Mary might not have to do that on October 20th.
Tom realized the car parked in front of Mary's house was John's.
Tom realized he should apologize to Mary, but he didn't want to.
Tom quickly realized that he wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom looked in the refrigerator, hoping to find something to eat.
Tom knew that what he was doing was wrong, but he did it anyway.
Tom isn't the only one who didn't know Mary had moved to Boston.
Tom is still dating the same girl he was dating three years ago.
Tom drank his cup of coffee and also drank Mary's cup of coffee.
Tom didn't want any of his friends to know he was a drug dealer.
Tom called his parents to let them know that he'd been arrested.
Tom assumed that everybody knew that he wasn't going to do that.
Tom assumed that everybody knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed everybody knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
There was no way that I could've known that was going to happen.
There was no way I could've known that that was going to happen.
The reason Tom didn't do that was because Mary asked him not to.
The reason I came here is to tell you that Tom has been injured.
The guys hanging out in front of that store know that I'm a cop.
No one at the party knew that Tom had just gotten out of prison.
It was clear that Tom didn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
It was clear Tom was the one who was going to do that with Mary.
It was clear Tom didn't know you were the one who had done that.
It was clear Tom didn't know we were the ones who had done that.
If we thought we could prove that Tom did that, we'd arrest him.
I'm surprised you didn't know that you were supposed to do that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know you were supposed to do that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom was in the hospital.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have both finished doing that.
I'm pretty sure I haven't done anything I wasn't supposed to do.
I wonder whether Tom knew that Mary couldn't do that by herself.
I told Tom Mary already knew he wasn't going to be at her party.
I think that you should let Tom and I go to Boston by ourselves.
I think that Tom would do practically anything to get Mary back.
I know that you're not planning on staying here for a long time.
I know that you probably didn't really want to do that with Tom.
I know that you probably didn't do what you were supposed to do.
I know that you aren't planning on staying here for a long time.
I know that Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I know that Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
I know that Tom would be able to do that if he really needed to.
I know that Tom won't tell Mary that she needs to do that today.
I know that Tom won't be as careless the next time he does that.
I know that Tom won't admit that he doesn't know how to do that.
I know that Tom will be more careful the next time he does that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary's not supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary won't help John do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that she needs to do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary isn't supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary doesn't want to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary doesn't need to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary doesn't have to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knew why I was planning to do that next weekend.
I know that Tom knew that you should've done that by yourselves.
I know that Tom knew how much time it would take him to do that.
I know that Tom isn't likely to do that while he's in Australia.
I know that Tom isn't afraid to walk through the woods at night.
I know that Tom is the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I know that Tom is allowed to do almost anything he wants to do.
Can you give me a hand in the kitchen?
I know that Tom is a lot busier this week than he was last week.
I know that Tom is a guy who's not afraid to tell it like it is.
I know that Tom is a farmer, but I don't know where his farm it.
I know that Tom doesn't know why you had to do that by yourself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why we had to do that by ourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know why he needs to do that by himself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning on doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary has to do that by herself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary had to do that by herself.
I know that Tom doesn't know that Mary won't be able to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't know for certain when Mary will do that.
I know that Tom didn't know why Mary was planning on doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know that we wouldn't be able to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that he wouldn't be able to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know for certain when Mary would do that.
I know that Tom didn't know Mary shouldn't have been doing that.
I know that Tom didn't how long it was going to take to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary didn't do what they said that they did.
I know that I shouldn't have told Tom he didn't need to do that.
I know that I shouldn't have told Tom he didn't have to do that.
I know Tom wouldn't be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I know Tom would like to know if you aren't planning to do that.
I know Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do that.
I know Tom thought it would be a good idea to help Mary do that.
I know Tom probably can't do that any faster that than Mary can.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I know Tom isn't the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I know Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I know Tom is a dog breeder, so maybe we can get a dog from him.
I know Tom is a detective, but I don't know much else about him.
I know Tom doesn't know why you wanted to do that by yourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why you needed to do that by yourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know that he's not supposed to be doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he doesn't need to help us do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he doesn't have to help us do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take him to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to be doing that here.
I know Tom didn't know that he wasn't supposed to be doing that.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know how long it was going to take to do that.
I know Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom would be allowed to do whatever he wanted to do.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that if he really needed to.
I knew that Tom was a gymnast, but I didn't know he was so good.
I knew that Tom knew why I was planning to do that next weekend.
I knew that Tom knew how much time it would take him to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know you were the ones who had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't how long it was going to take to do that.
I knew that I shouldn't have tried doing that without your help.
I knew Tom wouldn't be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I knew Tom was a violin teacher, so I asked him to teach my son.
I knew Tom was a good skier, but I didn't know he was this good.
I knew Tom thought it would be a good idea to help Mary do that.
I knew Tom didn't know that you were the ones who had done that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will want to do that on October 20th.
I doubt that Tom will be as careless the next time he does that.
I don't want any of my friends to know I wasn't able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knew for certain when Mary would do that.
I don't think that Tom knew for certain that Mary would do that.
I didn't know you wanted to do that while you were in Australia.
I didn't know we wouldn't have enough time to do that yesterday.
I didn't know that you would do that when you were in Australia.
I didn't know that you were going to try to do that by yourself.
I didn't know that you were going to let Tom do that by himself.
I didn't know that you used to do that when you lived in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom, Mary, John and Alice were Tom's cousins.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't get into trouble for doing that.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
I didn't know that Tom would like to be the last one to do that.
I didn't know that Tom would be quicker at doing that than Mary.
I didn't know that Tom was the type of person who would do that.
I didn't know that Tom was going to do that in Boston last week.
I didn't know that Tom knew why Mary was planning on doing that.
I didn't know that Tom didn't really want to do that by himself.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't be able to keep Mary from doing that.
I didn't know Tom knew how long it was going to take to do that.
I didn't know I was going to have to help Tom with his homework.
How could Tom have possibly known that that was going to happen?
Don't you think that it would be a good idea if we took a break?
Do you still think that you'll be able to do that by yourselves?
Did you really not know that Tom didn't know how to drive a car?
You should let Tom know you have to do that sometime this week.
You might be interested to know that Tom just got into Harvard.
You didn't know that Tom wanted to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know that Tom needed to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know that Tom didn't have to do that today, did you?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to help Mary do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to do that yesterday, did you?
You and I both know that you were the one who broke the window.
Why didn't you tell me that you didn't know how to do that yet?
Whatever you do, don't let Tom know that you're going to do it.
We're the only ones who knew Tom was the one who had done that.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom has never done that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom won't be able to do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom and only Tom can do that.
We know Tom sometimes does things that he's not supposed to do.
We know Tom sometimes does things that he isn't supposed to do.
Tom went to the bank to deposit the money that he'd been given.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that you didn't have to do that.
Tom wanted you to know he's not going to be at today's meeting.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be home on October 20th.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be home on October 20th.
Tom told me he saw Mary dressed like a man yesterday afternoon.
Tom told Mary and I that we should try to do that by ourselves.
Tom talks to just about everybody that he passes on the street.
Tom said that he wished that Mary and I would behave ourselves.
Tom said that he thought that he might do that on October 20th.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in her bedroom studying.
Tom said that he knew he might need to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that he knew he might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he probably wouldn't be in his office on October 20th.
Tom said he knew that he might need to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he knew that he might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom realized that there was no way he could do that by himself.
Tom realized that he wasn't tall enough to reach the top shelf.
Tom realized that he was the only person who could rescue Mary.
Tom realized that Mary didn't love him as much as he loved her.
Tom lost money at the casino, but he told his friends he'd won.
Tom isn't the one who told me that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom isn't the one who told me that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom isn't the one who told me that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom hopes he won't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do what John wants her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do what John tells her to do.
Tom has just been told he's not going to be allowed to do that.
Tom has just been told he isn't going to be allowed to do that.
Tom has decided he's going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom has already decided that he's not going to try to fix that.
Tom has already decided that he isn't going to try to fix that.
Tom has already decided he's going to go to Boston next summer.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know that he doesn't like her parents.
Tom doesn't think that Mary knows that it was him who did that.
Tom didn't know that Mary was supposed to do that this morning.
Tom didn't know that Mary wanted him to buy her some chocolate.
Tom didn't know he was adopted until he was thirteen years old.
Tom claims that he didn't know Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom called his parents to let them know he was in the hospital.
Tom assumed that everyone knew that he wasn't going to do that.
Tom assumed that everyone knew Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom assumed that everybody knew that he'd spent time in prison.
Tom assumed that everybody knew that Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed everyone knew that Mary couldn't understand French.
Tom and I didn't know we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
The men that Tom robbed didn't tell anybody they'd been robbed.
The men Tom robbed didn't tell anybody that they'd been robbed.
The man that the police are looking for is armed and dangerous.
It was clear Tom was the one who was going to do that for Mary.
It took Tom a long time to notice that Mary was staring at him.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't done everything he needs to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't that I wasn't going to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't know I wasn't going to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't know that I wasn't going to do that.
I'm pretty sure I haven't done everything I was supposed to do.
I wasn't the only one in the room who knew that Tom hated Mary.
I was the only one there who didn't know Tom wanted to do that.
I think you should let Tom know you don't want him to be there.
I think you should let Tom know that you won't do that for him.
I think you should let Tom know that you don't need to do that.
I think you should let Tom know that you don't have to do that.
I think that Tom was afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I think that Tom is sitting on the front porch, reading a book.
I think that Tom is a janitor at the school where Mary teaches.
I think Tom will likely spend the rest of his life behind bars.
I realize that Tom could probably convince Mary not to do that.
I know you probably didn't really want to do that this morning.
I know that you're not coming to my party, but I wish you were.
I know that you aren't coming to my party, but I wish you were.
I know that Tom would tell you how to do that if you asked him.
I know that Tom would show you how to do that if you asked him.
I know that Tom would show me how to do that if I asked him to.
I know that Tom knows why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I know that Tom knows that Mary won't help him do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary probably won't do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that he needs to do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary doesn't really have to do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary almost never does that anymore.
I know that Tom isn't the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the only one who doesn't need to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the only one who doesn't have to do that.
I know that Tom isn't likely to do that when he's in Australia.
I know that Tom is better at playing the trombone than Mary is.
I know that Tom is almost always right, but this time he isn't.
I know that Tom is a someone you'll trouble getting along with.
I know that Tom is a picky eater and seldom tries anything new.
I know that Tom is a much better singer now than he used to be.
I know that Tom doesn't play the trombone as well as Mary does.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary is doing that by herself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I wanted to do that by myself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I needed to do that by myself.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he's not supposed to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he isn't supposed to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that Mary shouldn't be doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't want to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't need to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't have to do that.
I know that Tom didn't want me to do that, but I did it anyway.
I know that Tom didn't know you shouldn't have been doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know why Mary was doing that by herself.
I know that Tom didn't know why Mary had to do that by herself.
I know that Tom didn't know who was going to help Mary do that.
I know that Tom didn't know who was going to do that with Mary.
I know that Tom didn't know who could do that and who couldn't.
I know that Tom didn't know that we were the ones who did that.
I know that Tom didn't know that he'd never be able to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that he wasn't supposed to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that Mary shouldn't have done that.
I know that Tom didn't know that I wouldn't be able to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know how much time he'd need to do that.
I know that Tom can probably do that faster that than Mary can.
I know that Tom and Mary don't usually take vacations together.
I know that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I know that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't need to do that.
I know that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't have to do that.
I know that I should've helped Tom, but I didn't have the time.
I know that I don't have to do anything Tom has asked me to do.
I know that I don't have enough time to do what has to be done.
I know that I don't have enough time to do that this afternoon.
I know that I don't have enough money to buy everything I want.
I know that I don't have enough money to buy everything I need.
I know Tom would tell Mary how to do that if she wanted him to.
I know Tom won't enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I know Tom wasn't going to be able to do that without our help.
I know Tom knew how much time it would take for him to do that.
I know Tom isn't a history teacher. I think he teaches science.
I know Tom is now married, has three kids, and lives in Boston.
I know Tom is a tailor, but I've heard that he's not very good.
I know Tom is a surgeon, but I don't know what kind of surgeon.
I know Tom is a flight attendant, but Mary thinks he's a pilot.
I know Tom is a father now. I wonder if he'll be a good father.
I know Tom is a better pitcher this year than he was last year.
I know Tom doesn't know that he doesn't really have to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take us to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how long it's going to take to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know exactly how much it'll cost to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that you shouldn't have been doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be allowed to do what he wanted to do.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as quickly as Mary.
I knew that Tom would tell you how to do that if you asked him.
I knew that Tom would show you how to do that if you asked him.
I knew that Tom was still sitting in his car, waiting for Mary.
I knew that Tom was a widower and I also knew Mary was a widow.
I knew that Tom didn't know you were the one who had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't know we were the ones who had done that.
I knew that Tom didn't know how much time he'd need to do that.
I knew Tom was the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I knew Tom was a widower and I also knew that Mary was a widow.
I knew Tom knew how much time it would take for him to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know that you were the one who had done that.
I knew Tom didn't know that we were the ones who had done that.
I doubt Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I don't want to go and I know that you don't want to go either.
I don't think that Tom would be able figure out how to do that.
I don't think that I did as well as the teacher expected me to.
I didn't think that you really needed to do that by yourselves.
I didn't know you weren't planning on doing that by yourselves.
I didn't know you were planning to do that while you were here.
I didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that on your own.
I didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that by yourself.
I didn't know that you weren't supposed to do that by yourself.
I didn't know that you weren't planning to do that next winter.
I didn't know that you weren't planning to do that by yourself.
I didn't know that you weren't planning on doing that with Tom.
I didn't know that you were supposed to do that this afternoon.
I didn't know that you were going to ask Tom to do that for us.
I didn't know that Tom would be faster at doing that than Mary.
I didn't know that Tom would be better at doing that than Mary.
I didn't know that Tom knew why Mary was doing that by herself.
I didn't know that Tom knew why Mary had to do that by herself.
I didn't know that Tom knew who was going to help Mary do that.
I didn't know that Tom knew who was going to do that with Mary.
I didn't know that Tom knew who could do that and who couldn't.
I didn't know that Tom knew where you were planning to do that.
I didn't know that Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
I didn't know that Tom didn't really want to do that with Mary.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't be able to do that without our help.
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that before Mary got here.
I didn't know Tom was going to do that in Australia last month.
I didn't even know that you and Tom were married to each other.
I could hear everything Tom and Mary were saying to each other.
Do you think you'll be able to solve the problem by yourselves?
Do you think you can do that without getting yourselves killed?
Do Tom and Mary know that you'd like to go to Boston with them?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were planning to get married?
Did you know that it took Tom more than three hours to do that?
You should let Tom know that you can do that without his help.
You know that you aren't supposed to be doing that, don't you?
You know that I'm not supposed to help Tom do that, don't you?
You know Tom is still planning on joining the team, don't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wasn't supposed to help Mary do that, didn't you?
You didn't know that you weren't supposed to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom wanted to do that yesterday, did you?
You didn't know that Tom thought I shouldn't do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom didn't have time to do that, did you?
You didn't know that I was supposed to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that I was still planning to do that, did you?
You can't keep the ring Tom gave you. You should give it back.
You and I both know Tom doesn't enjoy watching baseball on TV.
We're the only ones here who know Tom doesn't want to do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom won't tell Mary the real reason that he's going to Boston.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he didn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that he didn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary that she didn't need do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary that she didn't have do that.
Tom told me that he had nothing to do with Mary getting fired.
Tom thought that Mary could cook better than she really could.
Tom thinks that Mary will be ready to do that on October 20th.
Tom talks to just about everyone he that passes on the street.
Tom started laughing and everybody else started laughing, too.
Tom spent some time looking at the pictures Mary had sent him.
Tom sliced the tomato with the knife that he'd just sharpened.
Tom seemed to know Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Tom says that he knows a good Chinese restaurant we can go to.
Tom says he knows that Mary won't be at the meeting on Monday.
Tom says he knows that Mary will want to go to Boston with us.
Tom says he knows that Mary could do that if she tried harder.
Tom says he knows a good Chinese restaurant that we can go to.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows that she doesn't need to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows that she doesn't have to do that.
Tom said that he'd probably do that on October 20th with Mary.
Tom said that he wanted us to be here by 2:on October 20th.
Tom said that he thought that dogs made better pets than cats.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be in love with John.
Tom said that he thought it would be better not to go outside.
Tom said that he thought Mary and John were going to break up.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't be at home on October 20th.
Tom said that he planned to go to the meeting on October 20th.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might do that on October 20th.
Tom said he'll probably go shopping with Mary on October 20th.
Tom said he wanted something to eat, so I made him a sandwich.
Tom said he thought that it would be better not to go outside.
Tom said he thought that Mary and John were going to break up.
Tom said he thought it would be better if Mary didn't do that.
Tom said he didn't see any kangaroos when he was in Australia.
Tom said Mary thought that it was unlikely John would do that.
Tom said Mary thought it was unlikely that John would do that.
Tom said Mary isn't likely to do that with us on October 20th.
Tom realized there was a good chance that he might get killed.
Tom realized that there was a good chance he might get killed.
Tom realized he wouldn't be able to do that without some help.
Tom isn't the one who told me that you didn't want to do that.
Tom isn't the one who told me that you didn't need to do that.
Tom isn't the one who told me that you didn't have to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do what John asks her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John is asking her to do.
Tom has already told me he's decided to go Boston next summer.
Tom didn't want what Mary said that she was going to give him.
Tom didn't tell anybody that he was thinking about doing that.
Tom didn't seem to know we were all going to Boston next week.
Tom didn't know that you were supposed to do that by yourself.
Tom didn't know Mary wanted to do that when she was in Boston.
Tom assumed that everyone knew that he'd spent time in prison.
Tom assumed that everyone knew that Mary was going to do that.
Tom assumed that everybody knew what they were supposed to do.
Tom asked Mary whether she'd read the book that he'd lent her.
Tom asked Mary to do something that she knew she shouldn't do.
Tom asked Mary to do something she knew that she shouldn't do.
Tom apparently didn't get everything that they'd promised him.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they had to do that before noon.
Tom and I didn't know we were supposed to do that before noon.
Tom already knows that Mary will do that when she's in Boston.
There was no way that I could've done that without Tom's help.
The store that you're talking about is located on Park Street.
The men that Tom robbed didn't tell anyone they'd been robbed.
The men Tom robbed didn't tell anyone that they'd been robbed.
The last time Tom did that was when he was thirteen years old.
Only a few people here know that Tom has spent time in prison.
Mary couldn't find a dress that she liked to wear to the prom.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
It was clear Tom wasn't going to do what Mary asked him to do.
It was clear Tom didn't know he didn't really need to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't know he didn't really have to do that.
It turned out that Tom was the one responsible for doing that.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom used to live in Boston.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom used to live in Boston.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom didn't want to do that.
I'm surprised that you didn't know Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm pretty sure we haven't done anything we didn't need to do.
I'm pretty sure we haven't done anything we didn't have to do.
I'm pretty sure that we haven't done everything we need to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom hasn't done anything he didn't need to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom hasn't done anything he didn't have to do.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that Mary is coming with us.
I wonder whether Tom knew that Mary had to do that by herself.
I was the only one there who knew Tom didn't want to be there.
I was pretty sure Tom would be better at doing that than Mary.
I thought that Tom wouldn't be able do that without some help.
I think you should let Tom know you don't want him to do that.
I think that Tom is afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I think that Tom doesn't have the strength to do that anymore.
I think Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I think Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I realize that Tom might be able convince Mary not to do that.
I pretended not to know that Tom and Mary had gotten divorced.
I know that you've become more open-minded about these things.
I know that you're just trying to help, and I appreciate that.
I know that you're happy about it. Why don't you just show it?
I know that Tom wouldn't be able to keep Mary from doing that.
I know that Tom knows that he's not supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary won't want to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary won't need to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary won't have to do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary will never be able to do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that she has to do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary hardly ever does that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that Mary doesn't often do that anymore.
I know that Tom knew that you shouldn't do that by yourselves.
I know that Tom knew that you should've done that by yourself.
I know that Tom knew that we should've done that by ourselves.
I know that Tom knew that he wasn't supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom knew that Mary was the one who had to do that.
I know that Tom knew that Mary should've done that by herself.
I know that Tom knew how long it was going to take to do that.
I know that Tom isn't a senior at Harvard. He's just a junior.
I know that Tom is still sitting in his car, waiting for Mary.
I know that Tom is a lot smarter than most people think he is.
I know that Tom is a lot smarter than many people think he is.
I know that Tom is a felon, but I still think he's a nice guy.
I know that Tom doesn't know why we couldn't do that for Mary.
I know that Tom doesn't know why he has to do that by himself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary never wanted to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary has to do that tomorrow.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I don't want Mary to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to help Mary do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to do that with Mary.
I know that Tom doesn't know that Mary is planning to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that I've never done that before.
I know that Tom didn't know why Mary had to do that yesterday.
I know that Tom didn't know why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I know that Tom didn't know who was going to help him do that.
I know that Tom didn't know who was going to do that with him.
I know that Tom didn't know whether Mary could do that or not.
I know that Tom didn't know we shouldn't have been doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know that you were planning to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that you shouldn't have done that.
I know that Tom didn't know that Mary was planning to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know he shouldn't have been doing that.
I know that Tom didn't ask me to do that, but I did it anyway.
I know that Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
I know that Tom could probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
I know that Tom already knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
I know that Tom already knows why Mary didn't need to do that.
I know that I didn't have to do that, but I'm glad that I did.
I know that I can't sing very well, but I still enjoy singing.
I know Tom would've allowed you to do that if you'd asked him.
I know Tom would tell Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I know Tom would show Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I know Tom would like to know that you're planning to do that.
I know Tom would be able to do that if he puts his mind to it.
I know Tom knows that Mary probably shouldn't do that anymore.
I know Tom knew why I was planning on doing that next weekend.
I know Tom knew we were the ones who were supposed to do that.
I know Tom isn't the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I know Tom is the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I know Tom is almost never wrong, but this time I think he is.
I know Tom doesn't know why you wanted to do that by yourself.
I know Tom doesn't know why you needed to do that by yourself.
I know Tom doesn't know why you need to do that by yourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why you have to do that by yourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why we wanted to do that by ourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why we needed to do that by ourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted to do that by herself.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary needed to do that by herself.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want John to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he doesn't have to do that today.
I know Tom didn't know that we shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know that he shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom didn't know how much time it would take to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom he should do that, but I did.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that without some help.
I knew that Tom was afraid to walk through the woods at night.
I knew that Tom was afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I knew that Tom was a bad student. I just didn't know how bad.
I knew that Tom knew how long it was going to take to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know who was going to do that with him.
I knew that Tom didn't know whether Mary could do that or not.
I knew that I wasn't supposed to do that, but I did it anyway.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to swim all the way to the island.
I knew Tom would've allowed you to do that if you'd asked him.
I knew Tom would tell Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I knew Tom would show Mary how to do that if she asked him to.
I knew Tom would like to know that you're planning to do that.
I knew Tom played the bass. I just didn't know he was so good.
I knew Tom knew why I was planning on doing that next weekend.
I doubted that Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I doubt that Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I doubt that Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I doubt Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I doubt Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't yet know if we'll be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I don't think that I've done anything I wasn't supposed to do.
I don't that Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I don't know whether Tom will be going camping with us or not.
I didn't that Tom knew how much time it would take to do that.
I didn't know you used to do that when you lived in Australia.
I didn't know we weren't going to have enough time to do that.
I didn't know we were supposed to do that before Tom got here.
I didn't know that you would do that while you were in Boston.
I didn't know that you weren't planning on doing that with us.
I didn't know that you were supposed to do that by yourselves.
I didn't know that you were planning to do that by yourselves.
I didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that without Tom.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I didn't know that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own.
I didn't know that Tom told Mary that he was going to do that.
I didn't know that Tom knew why Mary had to do that yesterday.
I didn't know that Tom knew why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I didn't know that Tom knew who was going to help him do that.
I didn't know that Tom knew who was going to do that with him.
I didn't know that Tom knew who was going to do that for Mary.
I didn't know that Tom didn't want be the next one to do that.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't be able to do that without my help.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't be able to do that as well as Mary.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't be able to do that as fast as Mary.
I didn't know Tom would need help figuring out how to do that.
I didn't know Tom wasn't going to have enough time to do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't know anybody who was able to do that.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that while I was in Boston.
I can't guarantee Tom will do that, but I'll encourage him to.
How do we know that you're not just going to tell them anyway?
Does Tom know that you want to do that while you're in Boston?
Didn't you know that very few people actually do that anymore?
Didn't you know Tom used to be a professional baseball player?
Did you know that Tom was the one Mary was getting married to?
Did you know that Tom saw you yesterday in the park with Mary?
At that time, I didn't know we wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Although Tom knew Mary was married, he still flirted with her.
You should let Tom know that you want to do that by yourself.
You should let Tom know that you need to do that before 2:30.
You should let Tom know that you have to do that by yourself.
You should let Tom know that you can take care of yourselves.
You might be interested to know Tom just broke out of prison.
You know that I'm not supposed to do that anymore, don't you?
You know that I'll never be able to do that again, don't you?
You do know that you shouldn't be doing that here, don't you?
You didn't know that Tom was going to do that today, did you?
You didn't know that Tom had never done that before, did you?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to help me do that, did you?
You didn't know I was supposed to do that yesterday, did you?
We're the only ones here who know that Tom agreed to do that.
We're the only ones here who know Tom almost never does that.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't wearing the ring he'd given her.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that I didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that I didn't have to do that.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but he knew she wouldn't want him to.
Tom tried to convince Mary that what she was doing was wrong.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be home on October 20th.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be home on October 20th.
Tom told Mary she had the most beautiful eyes he'd ever seen.
Tom told Mary he couldn't afford to buy her any more jewelry.
Tom told Mary and I that we should try to do it by ourselves.
Tom thought that Mary and I would be doing that by ourselves.
Tom talks to just about everybody that he passes on the road.
Tom started laughing and everyone else started laughing, too.
Tom soon realized that he wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom says he knows that Mary won't have to do that by herself.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows that he doesn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that we should do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to fix Mary's car.
Tom said that he thought that Mary didn't like horror movies.
Tom said that he plans to get back to Boston on October 20th.
Tom said he didn't think he had enough time to do that today.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary bought her pearl necklace.
Tom said he didn't know all of his great-grandfathers' names.
Tom realized that he was the only person who could save Mary.
Tom realized that he couldn't do that unless Mary helped him.
Tom realized that he could get killed if he tried to do that.
Tom realized that he could get killed if he tried doing that.
Tom is the only one who didn't know Mary had moved to Boston.
Tom is already thirteen years old, but he looks much younger.
Tom has told me that he doesn't want to do anything with you.
Tom has decided that he's not going go to Boston next summer.
Tom has decided that he isn't going go to Boston next summer.
Tom has already decided that he's not going to try to escape.
Tom has already decided that he's going to sign the contract.
Tom has already decided that he isn't going to try to escape.
Tom had so much money that he didn't know what to do with it.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom discovered that Mary was stealing from the cash register.
Tom didn't want Mary to know he didn't like living in Boston.
Tom didn't tell anyone that he was thinking about doing that.
Tom didn't tell anybody that he had thought about doing that.
Tom didn't know you were the one who was supposed to do that.
Tom didn't know Mary was going to be at the party last night.
Tom called his boss to tell him he wouldn't be at work today.
Tom called his boss to say that he wouldn't be at work today.
Tom assumed that everyone knew what they were supposed to do.
Tom assumed that everybody at school knew he'd been arrested.
Tom assumed everybody at school knew that he'd been arrested.
Tom and Mary said that they hoped to be back by October 20th.
Tom and Mary didn't know that I was going to be busy all day.
Tom admitted that he was the one who had stolen Mary's money.
There was no way that I could've done that without your help.
The police now believe that Tom may have faked his own death.
Most of Tom's friends know he doesn't speak French very well.
It's too bad Tom won't be able to come to our party tomorrow.
It was clear that Tom was the only one who wanted to do that.
It was clear that Tom hadn't gotten around to doing that yet.
I've decided that I won't let people get close to me anymore.
I wonder if Tom knows that Mary needs to do that before noon.
I wonder if Tom knew that Mary didn't really want to do that.
I wasn't very sleepy, so I stayed up for another three hours.
I was the only one there who knew that Tom wanted to do that.
I was the only one there who knew Tom didn't want to do that.
I want to get you someplace where I know that you'll be safe.
I thought that you weren't supposed to do that by yourselves.
I thought that you said that you'd rather do that yourselves.
I think you ought to let Tom and I go to Boston by ourselves.
I think that Mary is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
I think Tom will likely spend the rest of his life in prison.
I think Mary is the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I know that you won't have time to do that until next Monday.
I know that you probably didn't do what you were supposed to.
I know that Tom wouldn't have done that if he didn't have to.
I know that Tom wouldn't be doing that if he didn't know how.
I know that Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I know that Tom worked for many years as a pediatric dentist.
I know that Tom won't be able to do that without Mary's help.
I know that Tom was going to do that in Australia last month.
I know that Tom might not be permitted to do that by himself.
I know that Tom knows that we doesn't really have to do that.
I know that Tom knows that he doesn't really have to do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary shouldn't be doing that here.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that he has to do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary doesn't ever do that anymore.
I know that Tom knows that I'm not supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom knew that Mary was the one who had done that.
I know that Tom isn't likely to do that while he's in Boston.
I know that Tom isn't handsome, but I wouldn't say he's ugly.
I know that Tom isn't going to be able to do that by himself.
I know that Tom isn't afraid to walk through the woods alone.
I know that Tom isn't a good husband and isn't a good father.
I know that Tom is likely to do that while he's in Australia.
I know that Tom is afraid to walk through the woods at night.
I know that Tom is afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I know that Tom is a good singer, but I think Mary is better.
I know that Tom is a financial advisor. Maybe he can help us.
I know that Tom is a financial adviser. Maybe he can help us.
I know that Tom doesn't want to be a florist like his father.
I know that Tom doesn't know why we couldn't do that for him.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't need to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't have to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I need to do that by myself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I have to do that by myself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I had to do that by herself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I don't want him to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to help you do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to help him do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to do that with you.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to do that with him.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to do that for Mary.
I know that Tom doesn't know whether Mary can do that or not.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he shouldn't be doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he doesn't need to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he doesn't have to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't often do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that I won't be able to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know if Mary wants to do that or not.
I know that Tom doesn't know he shouldn't be doing that here.
I know that Tom doesn't know Mary has never done that before.
I know that Tom doesn't have the strength to do that anymore.
I know that Tom didn't want to do that, but he did it anyway.
I know that Tom didn't know why we couldn't do that for Mary.
I know that Tom didn't know why Mary was planning to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know who was going to do that for him.
I know that Tom didn't know where he was supposed to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that we were planning to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that we shouldn't have done that.
I know that Tom didn't know that he shouldn't have done that.
I know that Tom didn't know that Mary didn't want to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that Mary didn't need to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that Mary didn't have to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know if Mary wanted to do that or not.
I know that Tom didn't know May shouldn't do that by herself.
I know that Tom didn't know Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know I shouldn't have been doing that.
I know that Tom didn't have to do that, but he did it anyway.
I know that I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that, but I did.
I know that I said that I'd do that, but I can't do it today.
I know Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I know Tom would show you how to do that if you asked him to.
I know Tom won't be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I know Tom knows why I'm planning on doing that next weekend.
I know Tom knows that Mary might not want to do that anymore.
I know Tom knows that Mary might not need to do that anymore.
I know Tom knows that Mary might not have to do that anymore.
I know Tom isn't handsome, but I wouldn't say that he's ugly.
I know Tom isn't a very good boss, but he's still a nice guy.
I know Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I know Tom is the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I know Tom is a little too young to be doing that by himself.
I know Tom is a good singer, but I think that Mary is better.
I know Tom is a golfer. Maybe he could teach you how to play.
I know Tom is a doctor, but I don't know what kind of doctor.
I know Tom doesn't know why you had to do that by yourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary needs to do that by herself.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know that he shouldn't be doing that here.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary has never done that before.
I know Tom didn't know that May shouldn't do that by herself.
I know Tom didn't know that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that I shouldn't have been doing that.
I know Tom could probably get Mary to show us how to do that.
I know Tom can't actually do that even though he says he can.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like to be the first one to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't eat the stew that Mary made for him.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that without our help.
I knew that Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to go, no matter what Mary said.
I knew that Tom was going to do that in Australia last month.
I knew that Tom was better at playing the trombone than Mary.
I knew that Tom was a little worried about what might happen.
I knew that Tom might not be permitted to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that, but he did it anyway.
I knew that Tom didn't know he didn't really need to do that.
I knew that Tom didn't know he didn't really have to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I knew Tom would tell you how to do that if you asked him to.
I knew Tom would show you how to do that if you asked him to.
I knew Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
I knew Tom was a high school dropout, but I hired him anyway.
I knew Tom didn't know that he didn't really need to do that.
I knew Tom didn't know that he didn't really have to do that.
I gave Tom all the money I could, but it still wasn't enough.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be home on October 20th.
I don't want that and I know that you don't want that either.
I don't think that the way I feel about Tom will ever change.
I don't think that Tom will be in his office on October 20th.
I don't think that Tom knows why we couldn't do that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went on October 20th.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have to work on October 20th.
I don't think Tom has done anything he wasn't supposed to do.
I don't know if Tom will be going to Boston on Monday or not.
I didn't want any of my friends to know I had been in prison.
I didn't think you were going to be doing that by yourselves.
I didn't know you weren't planning on doing that next winter.
I didn't know you weren't planning on doing that by yourself.
I didn't know you were the ones who were supposed to do that.
I didn't know you wanted to do that while you were in Boston.
I didn't know that you would do that when you were in Boston.
I didn't know that you were going to like doing that so much.
I didn't know that you used to do that when you were younger.
I didn't know that you expected me to do that this afternoon.
I didn't know that we weren't going to be allowed to do that.
I didn't know that Tom would get into trouble if he did that.
I didn't know that Tom would get into trouble for doing that.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't going to be allowed to do that.
I didn't know that Tom knew why we couldn't do that for Mary.
I didn't know that Tom knew why Mary was planning to do that.
I didn't know that Tom knew who was going to do that for you.
I didn't know that Tom knew who was going to do that for him.
I didn't know that I was going to have to help Tom yesterday.
I didn't know Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I didn't know Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I didn't know Tom would be able to do that without some help.
I didn't know Tom was the one who helped you paint the fence.
I didn't know Tom didn't know anyone who was able to do that.
I can't guarantee that Tom will do that, but I'll ask him to.
I can't guarantee that I'll be able to do that, but I'll try.
I can't afford to buy everything Tom wants me to buy for him.
I called my wife to let her know that I'd be late for dinner.
How do you think that Tom knew that we were going to be here?
Do Tom and Mary know that you want to go to Boston with them?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to go to Boston with Mary?
You should let Tom know Mary is going to do that by herself.
You ought to let Tom know Mary isn't going to be here today.
You know Tom is still planning to move to Boston, don't you?
You knew Tom told Mary that he couldn't do that, didn't you?
You didn't know that Tom had to do that by himself, did you?
You didn't know that I was still planning on going, did you?
You didn't know that I no longer needed to do that, did you?
You already know that Tom isn't going to do that, don't you?
Why don't you let Tom know you're going to do that tomorrow?
Why don't you let Tom know that you aren't going to do that?
Why didn't you tell me that you knew how to do that already?
Why didn't you tell me that you already knew how to do that?
We're the only ones here who know that Tom wants to do that.
We're the only ones here who know that Tom always does that.
We know that Tom doesn't always do what he's supposed to do.
We know Tom sometimes does things that he's not supposed to.
We know Tom sometimes does things that he isn't supposed to.
We can't refuse to help Tom after all that he's done for us.
Tom's house is so remote that hardly anyone ever goes there.
Tom was afraid his parents would start asking him questions.
Tom tried to convince Mary that what he was doing was legal.
Tom told us that he thought he could become a famous singer.
Tom told us he thought that he could become a famous singer.
Tom told his students there would be a test on October 20th.
Tom told Mary that she should tell John why she'd done that.
Tom thought that Mary might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom talks to just about everyone he that passes on the road.
Tom says he knows that Mary will have to do that on her own.
Tom says he knows that Mary will eventually want to do that.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to do that on October 20th.
Tom said that he thought we should invite Mary to our party.
Tom said that he thought that tomorrow would be a sunny day.
Tom said that he thought that he'd need to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that he'd have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that I wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought prices at that store were too high.
Tom said that he had to go to the dentist's on October 20th.
Tom said that he and Mary plan to visit Australia next year.
Tom said he thought those mushrooms were probably poisonous.
Tom said he thought that we should invite Mary to our party.
Tom said he thought that prices at that store were too high.
Tom said he thought it would be better if we didn't do that.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that on October 20th.
Tom said he thought Mary knew who John was hoping would win.
Tom said he didn't need anybody to drive him to the airport.
Tom realized that there was a good chance that he might die.
Tom knew the car parked in front of Mary's house was John's.
Tom knew that what he was going to do would make Mary angry.
Tom knew he should apologize to Mary, but he didn't want to.
Tom isn't the one who told me that I didn't need to do that.
Tom isn't the one who told me that I didn't have to do that.
Tom hoped the doctors would tell him he didn't need surgery.
Tom has promised Mary that he'll wash the car before Monday.
Tom has decided that he's going to go to Boston next summer.
Tom has already decided he's not going to sign the contract.
Tom has already decided he isn't going to sign the contract.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know she won't do that.
Tom didn't think that what Mary was wearing was appropriate.
Tom didn't tell anyone that he had thought about doing that.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he didn't know how to speak French.
Tom didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that by myself.
Tom didn't know Mary was going to do that yesterday morning.
Tom claims that he didn't know Mary was planning to do that.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he wanted her to help John.
Tom assumed that everyone at school knew he'd been arrested.
Tom assumed everyone at school knew that he'd been arrested.
Tom asked Mary why she thought that that wasn't a good idea.
Tom asked Mary to tell John he didn't plan to do that again.
Tom asked Mary to pay him back everything that she owed him.
Tom and Mary will be allowed to do anything they want to do.
Tom and I didn't know we were supposed to do that yesterday.
The only reason that Tom came was because Mary asked him to.
It's possible that Tom may not know Mary is in the hospital.
It was clear that Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
It was clear that Tom was expecting Mary to do that for him.
It was clear that Tom and Mary were in love with each other.
It was clear Tom wouldn't be able do that without some help.
It was clear Tom was going to be the one who had to do that.
It might be dangerous for Tom and I to do that by ourselves.
I've begun to realize that that isn't very likely to happen.
I'm sure Tom is grateful for everything you've done for him.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't that I was going to do that.
I'm pretty sure that I haven't done everything I need to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't know that I was going to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't know that I was going to be here.
I'm pretty sure I haven't done anything I didn't need to do.
I'm pretty sure I haven't done anything I didn't have to do.
I wonder whether Tom knew that Mary needed to do that today.
I wonder whether Tom knew Mary wanted to do that by herself.
I wonder if Tom knows that Mary wants to do that by herself.
I want you to know that I appreciate all you've done for us.
I want you to know that I appreciate all you've done for me.
I thought that Tom would like to be the next one to do that.
I thought that Tom would be able to do that on October 20th.
I think you should let Tom know you can't understand French.
I think you should let Tom know you can't do that next week.
I think that Tom would be a good person to have on our side.
I think that Tom doesn't know how he's going to do that yet.
I think that Tom and I couldn't have done that by ourselves.
I think Tom is a lot busier this week than he was last week.
I suspected Tom wouldn't do that unless you did it with him.
I sure Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I realize that Tom could get injured if he tried to do that.
I realize that Tom could get Mary to show us how to do that.
I realize Tom could probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
I know usually Tom is allowed to do whatever he wants to do.
I know that you've got more important things to think about.
I know that you're probably mad about what I said yesterday.
I know that you're busy, but can I talk to you for a minute?
I know that you still love me, but I don't love you anymore.
I know that Tom wouldn't be mad if you did that without him.
I know that Tom wouldn't be doing that if he didn't want to.
I know that Tom wouldn't be doing that if he didn't need to.
I know that Tom wouldn't be doing that if he didn't have to.
I know that Tom would've let you do that if you'd asked him.
I know that Tom would get angry if you did that without him.
I know that Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he did that.
I know that Tom won't likely give you permission to do that.
I know that Tom won't be able to help Mary do that tomorrow.
I know that Tom won't be able to do that as quickly as Mary.
I know that Tom won't be able to come to our party tomorrow.
I know that Tom will have the time to do that with us today.
I know that Tom will be able to figure out a way to do that.
I know that Tom will be able to do that if he has some help.
I know that Tom knows that you don't really have to do that.
I know that Tom knows that Mary is going to do that for him.
I know that Tom knew that you shouldn't do that by yourself.
I know that Tom knew that we shouldn't do that by ourselves.
I know that Tom knew that he was the one who had to do that.
I know that Tom knew that he should've done that by himself.
I know that Tom knew that Mary shouldn't do that by herself.
I know that Tom knew how much time it would take to do that.
I know that Tom isn't the pitcher. I think he's the catcher.
I know that Tom isn't the only one who knows how to do that.
I know that Tom isn't likely to do that when he's in Boston.
I know that Tom isn't going to stop doing that anytime soon.
I know that Tom isn't going to go, no matter what Mary says.
I know that Tom isn't going to be able to do that very well.
I know that Tom isn't a person who does things very quickly.
I know that Tom isn't a bit worried about what might happen.
I know that Tom is the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I know that Tom is the only one who doesn't need to do that.
I know that Tom is the only one who doesn't have to do that.
I know that Tom is likely to do that when he's in Australia.
I know that Tom is in the garage, working on his motorcycle.
I know that Tom is going to learn how to do that eventually.
I know that Tom is better at playing the trombone than Mary.
I know that Tom is afraid that the police might arrest Mary.
I know that Tom is a lot better French speaker than you are.
I know that Tom is a little worried about what might happen.
I know that Tom is a just beginner, but he's a fast learner.
I know that Tom doesn't plan on doing that unless he has to.
I know that Tom doesn't know why you did that by yourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know why Mary wants John to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I'm planning on doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I have to do that tomorrow.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I had to do that by myself.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I didn't do that yesterday.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to help us do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to help me do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to do that with us.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to do that with me.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to do that for you.
I know that Tom doesn't know who's going to do that for him.
I know that Tom doesn't know that he shouldn't do that here.
I know that Tom doesn't know that Mary knows how to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't know that I shouldn't be doing that.
I know that Tom doesn't know he'll never be able to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know you wouldn't be able to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know why we couldn't do that for him.
I know that Tom didn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know why Mary didn't need to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know why Mary didn't like to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know why Mary didn't have to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know why I was planning on doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know whether he could do that or not.
I know that Tom didn't know that you didn't want to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that you didn't need to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that you didn't have to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that he was supposed to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that he shouldn't be doing that.
I know that Tom didn't know that I'd never done that before.
I know that Tom didn't know that I shouldn't have done that.
I know that Tom didn't know he shouldn't do that by himself.
I know that Tom didn't know he shouldn't be doing that here.
I know that Tom didn't know anybody who was able to do that.
I know that Tom could probably convince Mary not to do that.
I know that I'll be able to do that if you help me a little.
I know that I shouldn't have told Tom to do that, but I did.
I know Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I know Tom was the one who told Mary not to do that anymore.
I know Tom probably can't do that any faster that than Mary.
I know Tom isn't the pitcher. I think that he's the catcher.
I know Tom isn't a better at playing the trombone than Mary.
I know Tom is usually allowed to do whatever he wants to do.
I know Tom is almost always correct, but this time he isn't.
I know Tom is a professor, but I don't know what he teaches.
I know Tom is a good-looking guy, but he's not too friendly.
I know Tom doesn't know why you need to do that by yourself.
I know Tom doesn't know why you have to do that by yourself.
I know Tom doesn't know why we need to do that by ourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why we have to do that by ourselves.
I know Tom doesn't know why he needed to do that by himself.
I know Tom doesn't know that he'll never be able to do that.
I know Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take to do that.
