Tom got his children a puppy for Christmas.
We're going to my parents' on Christmas Eve, and my wife's parents' on Christmas Day.
It's only three days till Christmas.
What kind of food do you and your family eat on Christmas Day?
Tom bought a Christmas present for himself.
I just wanted to wish you and your family a merry Christmas.
When do you get off for Christmas?
Department stores are always crowded just before Christmas.
Tom sent all his friends Christmas cards.
I buy at least one new Christmas tree ornament every year.
Let's get together over Christmas.
How long did it take you to decorate your Christmas tree?
Tom sends me a Christmas card every year.
Do you think that we'll have a white Christmas this year?
Are you coming home for Christmas?
There were only three presents under the Christmas tree.
Tom wished everybody a merry Christmas.
The week before Christmas, many stores stay open late.
Are you going home for Christmas?
Our preacher preaches the same sermon every Christmas.
Tom wished everyone a merry Christmas.
I still have a few Christmas presents to wrap up.
Tom spent Christmas all by himself.
I did all my Christmas shopping online this year.
We all got a Christmas bonus.
We hung a Christmas wreath on the front door.
Will Tom be home for Christmas?
We got out of bed early on Christmas morning.
I wish you a merry Christmas.
Silent Night is a well-known Christmas carol.
Tom spent Christmas on his own.
I'm going to my mother's house for Christmas.
Do you have a Christmas tree?
I always spend Christmas Day with my parents.
Tom was sick over Christmas.
We go caroling every year on Christmas Eve.
Christmas is drawing near.
I didn't send any Christmas cards this year.
Tom was dressed as Santa.
Mary is your older sister, isn't she?
I need to return these library books by October 20th.
Tom is checking his email.
I'm interested in learning how to fix a broken table.
Mary misses her husband and children.
I'm very disappointed with the way things turned out.
Tom is checking his tires.
I wonder why Tom likes this school so much.
Nothing will happen to you as long as you're with me.
Mary often quarrels with her husband.
She is sitting at the table.
She wants to go to the USA.
She looks well.
Her clothes always smell bad.
I'm a she, actually.
I was suprised to hear Tom agreed to Lena's demands.
If I had to be your husband, I'd rather hang myself on the first tree.
Do you want to know why we quarrelled?
He said something last night I can't get out of my head.
Don't let the children fight.
We're just waiting for it to get dark.
Now are you asking me to be a snitch?
Your father asked me to protect you.
I had assumed the same.
Respect us, at least.
Be respectful at least.
Seeing Brutus, Caesar said, "You also, Brutus, my son!"
Haven't you told him yet?
Haven't you told her yet?
Herod, seeing that he had been tricked by the wise men, was so enraged that he sent and killed all the boys who were in Bethlehem, and in all the region around it, two years old and under, according to the time which he had ascertained from the wise men.
I don't want you hanging out with those greaseballs after school any more.
Were you playing footsie with each other at dinner?
Many methanogenic Archaea are obligate anaerobes.
I don't think this study has ever been replicated.
We need a campaign slogan that'll really energize the base.
You should really consider joining the marijuana growers union.
Turn the page, please.
Tom had already figured that out.
Actually, she's my older sister.
My mind is tormented.
After a thousand-year sleep, the dragon woke up.
I'm in Berlin.
A large sum of money was lost.
Willing or unwilling.
The reception was warm.
The reception in the basement is not very good.
The doctors prohibited Tom from taking any further trips.
Tom didn't let me talk with you.
"I have to go to the bathroom." "Is it number one or number two?"
When the test results are ready, our representative will contact you.
They died fighting.
I am the legal representative for the company.
Is the moose the largest cervid in the world?
Tom wouldn't let me talk with you.
I am the company's legal representative.
His drinking buddies had a hard time understanding all of this.
Just look at what you've done.
Don't worry. I know exactly what I'm doing.
We thought they didn't like it.
We thought you didn't like it.
They thought we didn't like it.
They thought he didn't like the present.
They thought Marseilles was the capital city of France.
Did you think Marseilles was the capital city of France?
Milk spoils quickly when it's hot.
The doctors prohibited Tom from taking any long trips.
The doctors prohibited Tom from taking any lengthy trips.
Why is a horse following me?
I don't sing particularly well.
Tom loves maps.
Why did he remain in Germany?
Log in.
My words do not belong to me anymore, since I said them to the olive tree!
I wish you weren't such a fucking dick.
I wonder where she is.
I wonder where they are.
Much had changed during my absence.
Don't work yourself to death.
Did you already visit a zoo in your country?
Tom will never be happy.
You'll never be happy.
I'll never be happy.
Tom checked his phone to see if Mary had texted him.
Tom fished out his phone from his pocket.
Mary fished out her phone from her purse.
Tom knows everything now.
Mary knows everything now.
She knows everything now.
Tom left a polite message on Mary's cellphone.
Tom left a message on Mary's cellphone.
Tom left an angry message on Mary's cellphone.
You know what else, Tom?
Tom texted me a few minutes ago.
The old couple danced.
This old couple seems happy.
The old man seemed happy.
The old couple seemed happy.
The old woman seemed happy.
These old people seem happy.
Mary kept texting him, but he didn't respond.
Tom kept texting Mary, but she didn't respond.
There were only a few days left before Christmas.
There were only a few days left before the wedding.
There were only a few days left before New Year's Eve.
Tom accidentally bumped into Mary.
Mary accidentally bumped into Tom.
I didn't want to be too forward.
I didn't want to seem too forward.
I didn't want to look too forward.
Tom printed the driving directions.
Tom paced to and fro.
I'm glad this worked out.
I didn't want to come across as too forward.
I will never forget his answer.
I will never forget Tom's answer.
He rejected her advances.
She rejected his advances.
Tom rejected Mary's advances.
You reached your goals.
You sang a beautiful song.
She's a real nutcase.
When I'm with you, time just flies by.
Do you know her favorite colors?
My father had a thick leather belt that he beat us with.
Everyone took part in setting up for the party.
Tom was a stickler for cleanliness.
I like the smell of freshly cut grass.
The schoolgirls are jumping rope on the playground.
Try as he may, he is not able to do it.
You've just proved my point.
Anna is a friend whose support I can count on.
Tom and Mary watched a Christmas movie.
Tom had a traumatic experience.
Mary had a traumatic experience.
You just proved my point.
You should cut down on your drinking.
Tom was traumatized.
Mary was traumatized.
The coffee is too strong.
Tom made a joke at Mary's expense.
Mary made a joke at Tom's expense.
I will have to speak to her about it.
I will have to speak to Tom about it.
The war criminal was condemned to death by hanging.
You were the last one to arrive.
May I have some rice?
Opticians sell eyeglasses.
Tom had to come clean.
English is spoken in many countries throughout the world.
The barn was struck by lightning.
The film director, Alain Resnais, died in Paris on Saturday.
Starting tomorrow, I am going to stop smoking.
We haven't seen or heard from him for a long time.
To be good at poker, you have to play on your opponent's nerves.
Marriages are on the decline.
What are we going to say to him?
Are you married or single? Do you live alone or are you in a relationship?
When two couples factually mate four spouses really rejoice.
Oh, I don't know.
Is it strange?
He wept bitterly.
Can you limit the noise?
He had been wrong two out of three times.
Three out of every five players had head injuries.
Who created Tatoeba?
She alerted the police.
Wolves have long tails.
In my opinion, horses are very intelligent animals.
For cross-country skiing, one uses narrower and longer skis than for alpine skiing.
The national sovereignty is sacred and inviolable.
He appeared to be sincere.
I'm talking to a friend. I'll get back to you shortly.
Tom was convinced that I was hiding something from him.
Whatever you do, do it with a smile.
What caused you to come here?
We never despaired.
What were your plans for the holidays?
I go to Tizi Ouzou University.
I go to Bejaia University.
I go to Bouira University
I go to Boumerdes University.
He goes to Tizi Ouzou University.
She goes to Tizi Ouzou University.
We go to Tizi Ouzou University.
Do you go to Tizi Ouzou University?
They go to Tizi Ouzou University.
I go to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou.
He goes to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou.
She goes to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou.
We go to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou.
They go to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou.
Do you guys go to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou?
Do you girls go to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou?
Visit us when you be free.
I have the Berber keyboard on my computer.
He has the Berber keyboard on his computer.
She has the Berber keyboard on her computer.
We have the Berber keyboard on our computer.
We have the Berber keyboard on our computers.
They have the Berber keyboard on their computers.
Do you guys have the Berber keyboard on your computers?
Do you girls have the Berber keyboard on your computers?
Do you have the Berber keyboard on your computer?
I have the Berber keyboard on my phone.
Do you have the Berber keyboard on your phone?
He has the Berber keyboard on his phone.
She has the Berber keyboard on her phone.
We have the Berber keyboard on our phones.
Do you guys have the Berber keyboard on your phones?
Do you girls have the Berber keyboard on your phones?
They have the berber keyboard on their phones.
We have the Berber keyboards on our phones.
Gboard supports the Berber keyboard.
Facebook supports the Berber language.
This joke has run its course.
Bingo!
Yuck.
Facebook supports the Berber language with Tifinagh letters.
How beautiful Algeria's flag is!
The dialects of Algeria and Morocco are similar.
A drunk man's words are not always a sober man's thoughts.
This is a word.
We don't have sons and daughters, only dogs and cats.
One of them is seven years old and the other one is thirteen.
We were born in the same year.
We love the same girl.
Each day I love you more.
Everybody is there.
There is nothing there.
Do you remember everything?
There is nothing open.
Do you have something else?
None of them are perfect.
I think they are all the same.
She wants to achieve success.
I forgot your boyfriend is gay.
You forgot my boyfriend is gay.
I am forever successful.
Mom has prepared abundant foods for New Year's celebration.
Enjoy the holiday season.
Tom bought gifts for his loved ones.
I hope you enjoy this holiday season.
Tom and Mary invited all their friends for a Christmas dinner at their house.
Tom and Mary invited all their friends.
Tom invited all his friends for a Christmas dinner at his house.
Tom and Mary invited us for a Christmas dinner at their house.
Tom and Mary invited Wolfgang and Elke for a Christmas dinner at their house.
Tom and Mary visited Wolfgang and Elke.
Tom lives in a nice little apartment.
Tom now lives in Boston, Massachusetts.
Tom and Mary played board games.
Tom and Mary played a board game.
They played a board game.
Tom and Mary played a card game.
Mary bought Tom a pocket watch.
Mary has long beautiful hair.
Tom and Mary bought each other Christmas presents.
She bought this for me.
Mary bought this for me.
Tom was still wearing his costume.
Mary was still wearing her costume.
Mary is extremely pretty.
Aebleskiver are traditional Danish pancakes.
Have a happy holiday season and a very happy New Year!
Have a happy holiday season and a happy New Year!
Tom carved the turkey.
Isn't that cool?
Comparison is the thief of joy.
It is a wicked thing to be neutral between right and wrong. Impartiality does not mean neutrality. Impartial justice consists not in being neutral between right and wrong, but in finding out the right and upholding it, wherever found, against the wrong.
From above, the river was visible.
He had never violated the personal space of another human being in all of his life
While no saint himself, it seems his crime was offending a criminal with whom he had no relationship with
He did not realize the seriousness or urgency of the matter as he lacked imagination
Self-harm is not in his vocabulary
What evidence could possibly exist for the return of a true bill?
What precisely is the meaning of the word Boston?
He will go to the dentist.
he will go to the dentist now and wait, as he can't risk mistaking the time of the appointment
He crosses the river under cover of darkness, to pace along the pier
He will cross the river and pace the pier until the morning before visiting the dentist
He does not have a phone number to call and he receives no calls
Larry did not understand that speaking the language of extortion leads one to believe they are being extorted
Salaam alaikum.
Have you gone totally bonkers or what?
I like it when you twist my conkers.
It doesn't make any difference, guys. The balls are inert.
I will never forget her answer.
"That story was so funny I literally died from laughter." "Then how come you're talking to me now?" "Of course, I didn't actually die, it was just a figure of speech." "So you're saying you used 'literally' in a figurative way." "Apparently. Got a problem with that?" "No, just finding it amusing that language can twist to the point that a word comes to mean its own opposite."
Tom is what my father would call a buffoon.
This is what I would call a party gone wrong.
Mary is what I would call a soap opera addict.
Trump is what some people would call a professional con artist.
I have two pairs of shoes.
Please keep in mind that the proper tag to add to incorrect sentences is "@change" and not "change". Only with the right tag corpus maintainers will be informed.
If you stick your hand into a jar of sulfuric acid, you might feel that the jar has no bottom.
They want something to write with.
They're searching for something to write with.
He took off his clothes and jumped into the water.
Where's Tom already?
She pretended not to understand what I said.
Pretend please you're my husband.
He didn't ask why, he just did it.
Feed me the rock.
Okay, I'll do what you say.
Pass me the ball.
He pretended to be too tired and sleepy.
We all want to have knowledge.
The key is preparation.
What is your objective?
You'll see two years is not a long time.
She made the children laugh.
It takes Tom fifteen steps to cover ten meters, while Mary needs twenty-three.
I found Tom's accent very funny.
Humans are involved in mutualisms with other species, too.
You're the only one I have.
I am not sleepy.
He went out of the river.
I had doubts from the beginning.
He got out of the river.
Confess!
I confess.
Happy new year.
My parrot does not like sunflower seeds.
I found this ring on the street this morning.
Can I come to get you at 5:30?
My dog is afraid of water.
We managed to light a fire.
My plan did not succeed.
Our second date was not a success.
Did everyone manage to escape the burning ship?
Did everyone manage to flee the burning ship?
I'll take care of everything else.
Don't stand in front of me!
Are you hungry or thirsty?
Today is the first day of 2019.
I am Muslim. Islam is perfect, but I am not. If I make a mistake, blame me, not my religion.
Are you sleepy or tired?
Real depression is when you stop loving the things you love.
Kabyles are Algerians yesterday, today and tomorrow.
Put some effort into it.
I may look strong, but I'm honestly not.
I'm always travelling back and forth between Italy and Africa.
My sister's boyfriend is a little bit like a delinquent Harry Potter.
Tom is a Japanese literature researcher.
Recently, I dreamt that "Homo!" was said to my face.
I got sand in my eye.
The sand on the beach is very hot.
You would think that all of the president's lies would be discrediting, but apparently not.
When I started graduate school, I thought I wanted to be a molecular biologist, but the lab work is too boring.
Those hippies think they would enjoy subsistence farming, but they have no idea how much work it is.
If you want to know which direction the wind is blowing, just look at the windsock.
The CIA fought a covert war against the Soviets in Afghanistan.
Are you deferring your college admission?
It's easier to get a work visa as a health professional.
I'm not taking the blame for that.
The police didn't believe her story.
The police didn't believe Tom's story.
Tom got in with a bad crowd.
He's got in with a bad crowd.
Mary asked Tom to sit quietly.
Tom asked Mary to sit quietly.
Tom levelled up.
Tom gained a level.
Tom gained XP.
Tom gained experience points.
Don't repeat yourself!
Tom met Mary at a New Year's party.
Tom is a scammer.
It was a pleasure to serve you.
The holiday season is almost over.
He who knows himself is wise.
The exam was horrendously difficult.
As far as this girl's appearance is concerned, I think it's impeccable.
If you don't think of an excuse quickly, things will become awkward.
Do you remember when Tom and Mary came here for the first time?
The thief ran away on seeing the police.
I will speak with the teacher.
I met him through Lee.
She counts fast.
Is she right?
Is she correct?
She's English, but lives in India.
You began to play an old song.
She is a computer expert.
She's a computer expert.
The fruit of a cabbage is a silique.
I think you'll find him.
I think you'll find her.
Behave yourselves while I'm gone.
Sweet sassy molassy!
Do you speak Umbundu?
That's the end of it.
I'm not through with you yet.
They're trying out a new car.
He said that he was years old.
What were the last words of the deceased?
My boss thinks he's God.
It was not my intention to deceive you.
I had no intention of deceiving you.
The whole class is ashamed.
Is your daughter feeling better?
When will the most probable hypothetical accident occur?
She said she was younger than she really was.
For how many hours do I have to listen?
My father quite likes pizza.
He planted tomatoes in his garden.
Eva considers herself to be a true voluptuary.
It's almost time for the train to arrive.
I like your way of thinking.
People rely too much on phones these days.
Your question has no answers.
If she knows I'm here, she'll come quickly.
When does breakfast start?
An elderly person in the street fell and broke a leg.
Although she has flaws, I still like her.
I'm just trying to live a happy life, that's all.
I played tennis for the first time yesterday.
He was surprised to see him.
This book is quite difficult.
Do you like to eat fruit?
Her older brother studies very seriously.
I used to hate cooking, but now I like it.
Now you try it.
He has no reason to be jealous.
She has no reason to be jealous.
Tom has no reason to be jealous.
Tom hates me for no reason.
She hates me for no reason.
They tried to keep their voices low.
Tom and Mary tried to keep their voices low.
I could not help overhearing what Tom said to you.
I couldn't help overhearing what Tom said to you.
Some cats see a bird.
The bass player played like a god.
Who will accompany me to the house?
He needs new shoes.
He needs some new shoes.
They prefer a hotel that is close to the airport.
They would prefer a hotel that is close to the airport.
Marie will light some candles in her room.
He met me along the way; he accompanied me.
He is going to cover you.
He will cover you.
We washed the plates after supper.
We washed the plates after dinner.
How well do you know your son?
My boyfriend just dumped me.
My girlfriend just dumped me.
Tom went to a parent-teacher meeting.
Tom went to a parent-teacher conference.
She gave him no explanation.
He gave her no explanation.
Mary and I had a fight.
Tom never listens to what I have to say.
Guys can be so stupid sometimes.
Guys can be stupid sometimes.
Men are tormented by the opinions of things, not by the same things.
You're so stupid sometimes.
Don't forget the milk.
She had to say farewell to her hometown.
I discovered this in the contract.
Last night, I ate some asparagus and ham at my friend's house.
Is hydrotherapy effective?
Tilt your head to the side.
The grass grows well, but a horse is already dead.
I don't use their garden.
I don't harvest their garden.
You will copy the phrases.
I have no desire to study.
You teach, we listen.
It's your stance that he wants to talk to you about.
We can't agree with this stance.
This stance justifies several points of view.
Biologist.
Wash!
Give!
Are you allowed?
Long day?
Lean!
I'm speechless!
He didn't say a word for the whole trip.
In the beginning, I hated gymnastics with radio, but now I don't hate it so much.
They hit him on the head.
He speaks on another telephone line.
Latino Americans know very few things about the indigenous people's history who lived here a few centuries ago.
You baked some cookies for Tom.
You made some cookies for Tom.
He speaks a little bit, all of his time is taken up by his farm work.
The tables were made three meters long.
They accomplished their homework.
Can I exchange this for something else?
You are seated between Tom and John.
Tom has a photo of an airport.
Tom has a photo from an airport.
They aren't going to touch there.
Silver is the new gold.
Car!
Cheese!
Oh god.
Ah, sit!
She is standing.
Going to eat!
Not today!
Great, thanks.
Say "ahhh!"
The theft of Peruvian resources perpetrated by the Spanish was huge.
Do you want to go to karaoke together sometime?
They wouldn't lie.
An aguish climate made inhabitants travel to healthier localities.
The author calls attention to the incompleteness of that article.
Mary was a very quiet, retiring person.
Our weekend plans were in abeyance.
You've been to London three times.
I had a beautiful dream last night.
This apple is red.
Does she know me?
You're very humble.
Despite Tatoeba's site name being in Japanese, in Japan it is not very well known.
They're my friends from work.
I think Tom is a really nice guy.
The headmaster said: "Next week is a holiday'"
The headmaster asked me: "Is next week a holiday?"
The headmaster asked me whether next week was a holiday.
The headmaster asked me: "When is he coming?"
He ordered him to go home.
He ordered all the documents to be presented.
The watch is on the table.
Is the watch on the table?
You took it out of the oven too soon.
Did you take it out of the oven too soon?
The watch is on the table, isn't it?
But everything turned out differently.
But there is a problem.
Didn't he come?
She has to take a rest.
He has to take a rest.
They have to take a rest.
Not everyone has many alternatives in life.
The worst has passed already.
His father has never been abroad.
He has missed his meal.
The cutting machine sliced the salmon.
I have gone out.
"How long have you been here?" "Since yesterday."
Since that day, I have not been sleeping.
Take a hike.
Mashallah.
Mazel tov.
Something isn't kosher here.
The hotel is located on the mountain.
The hotel is situated on the mountain.
I did this once.
Stop making those faces.
Stop making that face.
Stop making matters worse.
Don't make that face. It will freeze that way.
There are trees in this forest.
There are many trees in this forest.
There are pine trees in this forest.
There are oak trees in this forest.
There are maple trees in this forest.
Many squirrels live in this forest.
You can't do this to me!
Cristiano Ronaldo is a soccer player.
I don't have a clue who he is.
I don't have a clue who she is.
You really know how to get under my skin.
Tom really knows how to get under my skin.
I don't have the stamina needed to play sports like Tennis.
She loves her wife.
The blanket's seam has unraveled.
A seam on the blanket has unraveled.
The stitches on the blanket have unraveled.
Tom was engaged, but did not intend to sign the papers for fear of upsetting Mary too soon.
Tom was afraid of angering his wife.
Tom could not cancel the application immediately.
Tom thought a trip by automobile was a good idea.
Tom was not afraid of locusts and planned to enter the unexplored valley fearlessly.
Susan thought three forms of identification would be enough to prove his age.
Tom met Gina in an over-eighteen social club that strictly required identification.
The teacher led Tom to the treasures but Tom had no guides once he located them.
Tom considered plane, train and automobile.
Tom went north to visit Regina on a one month vacation
Tom used bait to fish, but caught only one fish as he chatted intimately with his friend
Tom paid for the fishing boat by credit card.
Tom didn't like having his picture taken by strangers, so he chose to never broadcast his fishing excursions.
Tom and his wife returned to the place they met twice a month.
When fishing, Tom used only words to describe his catch.
Tom had wanted a one month break, but was not sure where he wanted to travel to.
Tom seeked his friends advice about where to vacation, exacerbating his indecision about vacationing at all.
When vacationing, Is a foreign state as relaxing as a foreign country?
Tom worked for a United States Veteran.
Tom's manager ensured him that his duty to his country was to be kept secret, but that it had no impact upon the security of the nation.
His manager exclaimed to him "Calm down, it's only work!" when Tom explained his crisis
Tom never shared work files with other employees, especially those that were competitors
Tom was a contractor and thus did not belong to the inner-circle, even though his friend was the boss.
So where's the problem?
They came here looking for a better life.
I'm not interested in looking for a boyfriend at this point.
The potatoes are boiling.
He attacked me from behind.
My nerves are stretched to the limit.
Today, two students are absent.
I was very disoriented.
Do you have relatives here?
I just went there to help.
That can be asserted definitively.
Tom paid off his student loans.
Are you a moron?
Are you meshuga?
Thanks for pointing out the obvious.
Mary plays football.
Mary is playing football.
Look at me when I'm talking to you.
Tom sweats freely.
I invite anyone, who wants to come.
My pulse is weak.
This is a cavern.
This is a cellar.
His behavior is intolerable.
I have the same problem as you do.
It's easy to eat too much.
Calories add up quickly.
Tom ate too much during the holidays.
There's a lot of sand in the desert.
Tom and Mary rode on camels through the desert.
Tom found an oasis.
Tom got lost in the desert.
Tom got lost in the desert and was rescued by Bedouins.
Tom ate too much over the holidays.
I ate too much over the holidays.
Tom has a pedometer.
Tom walks 10,steps per day.
Tom and Mary rode on camels.
Camels are slightly slower than horses.
Zebras have stripes.
Tom can both read and write.
Cut back on sugar.
Reduce the size of your portions.
Eat more protein.
I don't eat that much.
Reindeer have antlers.
Reindeer pull Santa's sleigh.
Tom follows a low-carb diet.
Avoid sugary drinks.
Eat your food slowly.
Weigh yourself every day.
Tom weighs himself every day.
Bedouins live in the desert.
Dog sleds are pulled by sled dogs.
Siberian Huskies have a thick fur coat.
Huskies like cold weather.
Huskies are covered with two coats of hair.
Huskies have a lot of energy.
The dog chased the squirrel.
Why do dogs chase squirrels?
Why is my dog obsessed with squirrels?
Why is Tom obsessed with squirrels?
The squirrel quickly ran up the tree.
Dogs have a strong sense of smell.
The dog seems happy.
The dogs seem happy.
Tom's dog seems happy.
Tom's dog loves people.
Mary loves horses.
Mary loves animals.
Houdini was a famous escapologist.
Houdini was a famous escape artist.
Tom went dog-sledding.
Mary made a gingerbread house.
They hit her on the head.
They hit it on the head.
Tom drinks instant coffee.
This coffee machine was made in Italy.
Tom likes espresso.
Tom has an espresso machine.
I think dogs should be allowed to vote.
There was a single, lonely fruit loop remaining in the box.
That strut is weak and needs reinforcing.
Tom belonged to a small cohort of five people.
Can you waive the fee for me?
Japan was the first East Asian country to industrialize.
The fan is making a whirring sound.
"Can't" is a contraction of "can" and "not."
One of the security guards is checking the rooms now.
Tom is cleaning the house.
This tastes a lot better than what we ate last night.
I'm not going to tell Tom how much I weigh.
We can't pass up this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
Neither Tom nor Mary has retired yet.
We spent all day searching for a way out of the cave.
Tom is clearly frustrated.
We'll still be able to make it on time if we hurry.
I'm supposed to help Tom with his homework.
Which weekend in October are you planning to do that?
Tom almost never does what Mary does.
Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.
My goal is to advance personally and intellectually every day.
I bought a sophisticated security system for my house.
I sat near John.
He's been looking for a job for months.
He asked me to lend him ten euros.
I've been looking for you all day, but I couldn't find you anywhere.
He can't stand it without smoking.
You were right to go.
The trip to Athens took us two hours.
It took us two hours to Athens.
Modern Greek has many loans from French.
It's snowed a lot.
Don't be afraid. That disease isn't contagious.
They've been fighting for years.
I found my friends at the cafe.
She couldn't get over her husband's death.
Will we get gasoline?
He left the next day.
I realized he was right.
What'll you leave behind?
Why are you doing this now?
Tom will help you if you ask him.
Has anyone been helping you?
Does everyone need to do this?
Did anyone else do that?
She never loses a good mood.
Do you have any information about that?
Does your girlfriend speak French?
Do you know what to say?
Is there anybody here who's not busy right now?
Is there anyone here who's not busy right now?
Tom never loses his temper.
Have you ever seen Tom lose his temper?
Tom reminded Mary to go to the bank before 5:p.m.
Soon your efforts will be rewarded.
Something is written there in Latin, but it's very hard to make out.
I don't know Japanese at all; I'm just pretending to.
Mary imposed draconian punishments on her son Tom for committing even the smallest infractions.
Does your boyfriend speak French?
Welcome to my channel.
Please subscribe if you like my videos.
Here, this is a Japanese Souvenir. I hope you like it.
"Tom, why are you calling me Mary?" "Aren't you're Mary?" "I'm not Mary, I'm Marie!"
Studying Japanese is difficult at times.
Do you eat pasta?
I think he's having a heart attack.
You need to take a shower before you go to the party.
Tom is clipping his nails.
You won't get another chance to do that anytime soon.
I've known Tom since I was three years old.
Don't forget to take the medicine the doctor gave you.
Tom and Mary are about the same size.
Here's some money. Go buy yourselves something to eat.
Tom is coloring a picture.
Why does Tom look so sad?
Do you ever play tennis with Tom?
What do people eat for breakfast in Australia?
Who's your favorite Canadian musician?
We're not lovebirds.
We are not lovebirds.
Tom sat in his favorite chair.
Who's your favorite Canadian singer?
Who's your favorite Canadian author?
We found a poor little kitten in the yard.
We suspect her of telling a lie.
Shut up! Not in front of him!
You're not sleepy.
She walks to school.
I got up at eleven.
So you're his brother!
My hands are sweaty.
Her office is located in the center of the town.
As soon as he finishes his job, he'll come back.
As soon as she finishes her job, she'll come back.
As soon as you finish your job, you'll come back.
As soon as I finish my job, I'll come back.
When are you going to consider me your friend?
Sooner or later, you will consider me your friend.
They are going to go there.
They will not succeed.
Is she going to remember me?
Go find a torch in the attic.
Punctuality indicates a boring life.
This wind is a sign of an approaching storm.
There are no signs of any damage.
When they got married, they both promised to never lie again.
You took them out of the oven too soon.
The layer of ice was thick enough to walk on.
We should do more to protect the ozone layer from damage.
Everything around is white, and looks like a sheet of ice, covered with snow.
Any task may become an ordeal.
A butterfly cannot turn into a lion.
I want to turn into a superhero.
It's beginning to get late.
It's already getting late.
Tom answered Mary's question immediately.
He said her cherries would become rotten at midnight, but it now seems that he was fooled again.
Are you open for business on Sunday?
I immediately ran downstairs to see what was going on.
It looks like Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
I spend about three hours a week practicing the cello.
Tom and Mary aren't eager to do that.
I was planning to do that, but I never got the chance.
Tom is doing that quickly.
I wasn't able to do everything that needed to be done.
It looks like Tom is about to start crying.
He seems very interested in musical theatre and the like, and he also seems quite adept.
What's your favorite French word?
No, they're not fascists.
Of course they're fascists.
I bought the new sledge for my son.
They shall not pass!
Take at least two bags of potatoes.
The date will be determined later.
She's a pretty woman.
Tom's company cornered the market.
Tom read a "Choose Your Own Adventure" book.
I never got around to reading it.
I never got around to doing it.
I do not work with Tom.
Mary and Tom do not sleep a lot.
Mary does not work with me.
You work in the office with me.
I'm going to give you just one more chance to do that.
I'm just learning how to do this, like everybody else.
I'm not sure about the others, but I plan to be there.
Instead of taking the elevator, let's take the stairs.
It looks like Tom is going to start crying.
Tom and Mary don't like me very much.
Tom is done getting ready.
Where's the nearest restaurant?
What's your sister doing now?
How wide is this road?
Do you know Tom's older brother?
Have Tom and Mary ever come on time?
Who cares when that happens, as long as it happens?
Where's the telephone book?
Do you think Tom would go to Boston with me if I asked him to?
If it rains, I won't go.
Does Tom help you in the kitchen?
What's become of Tom?
When will Tom return home?
Does Tom work in this city?
Did Tom have a hard time?
Has Tom finished the book yet?
Has Tom finished his work yet?
We had to get up at dawn.
We have to get up at dawn.
We did many interesting things when we were in Boston.
Tom is eating with a fork.
We were really excited about what was going to happen.
It looks like Tom really enjoys doing that.
What I meant to say was that I didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary exchanged phone numbers.
While you're waiting, get yourselves something to eat.
Tom is flossing his teeth.
You'll get plenty of chances to do that in the future.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to help us.
A chance like this only comes along once in a lifetime.
"How do you think Tom's going to react to this?" "I think we can trust him to keep a cool head and take it on the chin."
Looks like the TV isn't working.
Mohamed Djellaoui is the head of the Algerian Academy of the Berber Language.
The Berber language has an academy in Algeria now.
Enough blather; get to the point.
Tom blathered on and on.
Tom blathered on about God and the Bible.
I'd rather get a root canal than listen to this blather.
They will certainly pass.
It was sinfully sweet and delicious.
Tom and Mary flirted with each other.
Do you remember what happened here on October 20, 2013?
Tom is getting really mad.
I did want things to happen the way that they happened.
That was the only thing Tom should've done.
I don't remember why I didn't do it that way last time.
Tom and Mary have been told to leave.
I felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave, but I stayed.
Tom is going to come over.
I immediately ran downstairs to see what was happening.
It looks like the TV isn't working.
Tom is prone to temper tantrums.
Tom throws a temper tantrum every time he can't get his own way.
Tom often has temper tantrums.
Tom often throws temper tantrums.
I'm fed up with Tom's incessant blathering.
The TV doesn't seem to be working.
We couldn't help laughing at Tom's jokes.
It seems that we've lost our way.
We persuaded Tom to change his mind.
It seems we've lost our way.
The conversation lasted until after midnight.
The conversation went on until after midnight.
There is only one truth.
The truth is somewhere in the middle.
No smoking indoors.
The cold doesn't seem to bother Tom at all.
I left my wallet at home. Could you lend me some money?
Tom and Mary seem to be done arguing.
I'm often mistaken for a girl because I have long hair.
Tom and Mary studied French together.
I'm sure you're going to enjoy yourselves at the party.
The heat doesn't seem to bother Tom at all.
I've been trying to find something interesting to read.
We should teach children how to protect themselves.
We jumped into the river.
Why are the separatists silent?
I didn't think that I was going to get along with Tom.
I didn't think I was going to get along with Tom.
Do you think Tom is sensible?
When did Tom hand in his resignation?
Did Tom study French yesterday?
We lived close to the sea.
We'd better begin to prepare for the test.
We estimated the damage at $1,000.
We estimated the damage at one thousand dollars.
Did Tom propose any solutions?
Has Tom stayed here before?
Has Tom written the letter yet?
Why did Tom fail in business?
Why can't we play tennis today?
Which direction did Tom go?
Did Tom mention the accident?
He's fashionable.
He is fashionable.
She is fashionable.
I've noticed some strange things happening around here.
Tom and Mary will be going home soon.
This stew tastes a lot better than the way I make stew.
The noise didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
You're going to have to do that yourselves, aren't you?
Tom and Mary were anxious to do that.
How long are you going to just sit there and do nothing?
Tom is having a nervous breakdown.
I didn't have a chance to do that while I was in Boston.
The smell didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
I don't think I have the energy to walk to school today.
Lindsey Graham is being blackmailed.
He went to England to study music.
I had no idea what was going to happen.
The detective admired the killer's skills.
I found what I was looking for in the back of my closet.
Tom is holding his breath.
I might be the only one who knows why we should do that.
We should give Tom the chance to surrender.
I plan to do that every Monday for the rest of the year.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like a drink.
I waited for the bus for a long time, but it never came.
Tom is in his senior year.
I wasn't the only one who knew what was going to happen.
We're going to have to tell Tom everything.
We happened to be in Boston then.
We were very impressed by Tom's new book.
We have many friends to visit in Boston.
I've never been there myself.
I've seen a shooting star once.
I have three children to support.
I study after dinner.
I take a hot bath every night before bed.
I go jogging before breakfast every morning.
I've seen Mt. Fuji.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji three times.
Where was Tom born and raised?
Where's the admission's office?
Who'll be elected chairman?
Who can best handle this problem?
Do you have anything to write with?
What's the departure time?
Where's the changing room?
Where's the nearest station?
What are you guys going to play?
What's going on there now?
Do you know Tom at all?
I won't get the chance to do that again until next week.
Tom asked Mary not to text him again.
I'd like to thank you for everything you've done for me.
Tom is in the locker room.
I'd like to thank you for everything you've done for us.
I appreciate everything Tom has done for me.
Why are you planning on going home early today?
Do you hear from Tom often?
When did you buy that watch?
Who's hiding behind the curtain?
Would you mind if I smoked here?
Does this backpack belong to you?
What's written in the book?
What was Tom up to then?
What prevented Tom from coming?
What do you study French for?
Why did Tom change his plans?
Why did Tom come with Mary?
What made Tom change his mind?
Where's the information counter?
What's cooking in the kitchen?
It took me some time to persuade Tom.
I was tired, so I didn't do that.
I noticed Tom's hands shaking.
I gave Tom a book to read.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with Tom.
I have to talk with Tom about the new plan.
I waited for Tom to speak.
I've made Tom angry.
I went to the hospital to visit Tom.
I haven't done my homework yet, and Tom hasn't either.
I have a pencil.
I've read twice as many books as Tom has.
I forgot to give Tom the message.
I told Tom that I would do my best.
I told Tom I would do my best.
I have one sibling.
I've tried to discourage Tom from doing that.
I know his sister well.
She had to leave her cat at home.
This umbrella will be his.
I signed the cheque.
That's surely nonsense.
You were wrong in not listening to her.
It is clear that she knows the answer.
You look stressed out.
She has a white dog.
She may have misunderstood you.
She was sentenced to three years in jail.
It was when she was a child that she came to Japan.
If she doesn't come, we won't go.
Tell me why he is crying.
Tell me why he's crying.
This manual is written in double Dutch.
She knows other and easier ways of getting what she desires.
This is his calculator.
This is Thilelli's calculator.
This is Yidir's calculator.
This is my calculator.
This is your calculator.
I will pass the math exam tomorrow, I must buy a calculator.
Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.
Are calculators banned from the math exam?
Tsk tsk.
Tom tsk-tsked.
When passing someone in a narrow space, do you face them or turn your back?
When squeezing past someone, do you give them the butt or the crotch?
I hear that her father is abroad.
He shot a gun.
It's an antique.
Tom grew a beard and mustache.
Tom always dresses well.
Tom is driving Mary home.
Give yourselves some time.
Tom is planning on going, isn't he?
Get yourselves cleaned up.
Do you think Tom was hungry?
Everything I said is true.
I haven't seen Tom yet today.
Don't wear yourselves out.
I found Tom a nice apartment.
I told Tom not to throw rocks.
It's an antique clock.
I have to be honest with Tom.
I'm getting out now.
I'm going out now.
I watched Tom cross the street.
I'm not interested in doing that at all.
I helped Tom move his desk.
I helped Tom carry his desk.
The wound got infected.
Tom's wound got infected.
I've made up my mind to leave Boston.
Tom is already awake.
Tom is an elegant man.
Mary lives alone with her cat.
Mary lives alone with her cat, Tom.
Mary lives alone except for her cat.
Men have more testosterone than women.
I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
I've been busy writing a short story.
I stayed up till late last night.
I've wanted to be a painter for a long time.
I had intended to go, but I forgot to.
I've decided to learn shorthand.
I've been sick in bed since last Monday.
I had intended to do that last month.
I've read every book in the library.
I've lost my new fountain pen.
I know a girl who speaks French very well.
I've never fallen in love with any girl.
I've never fallen in love with a girl.
I've never fallen in love with anyone.
I've never fallen in love with anybody.
I have to work hard to make up for lost time.
I've already packed my things.
I didn't want Tom to kiss me.
How do we stop guys like Tom?
Don't tire yourselves out.
Tom took the lead.
Don't force us to do that.
I didn't notice Tom's arrival.
Don't force me to do that.
Tom hit Mary on the head.
Did you find that amusing?
Tom is out in the garden, isn't he?
Breakfast isn't ready yet.
Did what Tom say make sense?
Bread is half price today.
Tom's shift ends at midnight.
A decision has to be made.
Why are you laughing at Tom?
You're very good at that.
Tom needs a knife.
You're doing pretty well.
When Tom and Mary got married, they both promised never to lie to each other again.
I wasn't as strong as my father.
I've lived here since I was a boy.
I haven't been busy since yesterday.
I've been busy since yesterday.
I have to take the entrance examination tomorrow.
I haven't felt well recently.
I've seen Tom quite recently.
I haven't had a cold recently.
I've been working since six this morning.
I've had a slight fever since this morning.
Tom had a sheltered upbringing.
Mary had a sheltered upbringing.
Tom is a valiant warrior.
Forgive me for being blunt.
Tom is dashingly handsome.
He is dashingly handsome.
Mary met a dashingly handsome man.
There's an antique clock in the living room.
Mary met a dashingly handsome young man.
Tom had fallen madly in love with her.
Does your father know about this?
Does your mother know about this?
Tom and Mary play tennis every day.
Tom and Mary play tennis every other day.
Tom and Mary had three beautiful children together.
Am I the most humble?
He likes to build castles from playing cards.
It pleases him to build card-houses.
Tom landed on the sea.
Tom was pouring sweat.
Tom dripped with sweat.
Tom continued.
Tom had a daydream.
Tom salivated.
Tom was salivating.
Tom will be victorious.
Tom grew tired.
Tom got tired out.
Tom spat.
Tom spit.
Tom was plowing.
Tom loves her.
Tom has become mute.
Tom became mute.
They're wasting time.
Tom drummed.
I know a recipe for cookies which includes only three ingredients, namely butter, sugar and flour.
Only the fools and the dead never change their minds.
I have just modified the questionable sentence.
You have not changed your mind.
Tom is a deformed person.
Please give me a visa.
I think you should eat something.
I thought Mary liked this kind of music.
I thought Tom said that he liked this kind of music.
I thought that Tom said that he liked this kind of music.
I hope that I can convince you to change your mind.
I hope I can convince you to change your mind.
Tom had fallen madly in love with Mary.
Tom has fallen madly in love with Mary.
You should call home now.
Tom fired Mary yesterday.
You need to show respect.
Tom is on the track team, isn't he?
You may have the day off.
Why did Tom bring you here?
You have to show respect.
I didn't want Tom to hate me.
You can have the day off.
The message wasn't from Tom.
Why is your name circled?
Tom loves museums.
Why did my wife leave me?
Tom's boss is yelling at him.
Now, you try.
What's your objective?
Is this French or English?
Were Tom and Mary speaking French?
Were Tom and Mary speaking French, or were they speaking English?
Were those men speaking in French or in English?
Was the book you were reading yesterday in French?
Was the book you were reading yesterday in French or English?
Was the book that you were reading yesterday in French or in English?
Why are you working late?
Tom described Mary to me.
Why are you still crying?
Tom is on the honor roll, isn't he?
Why are you so exhausted?
When did Tom get this coat?
Why are you hoarse today?
I didn't want Tom to give up.
What did your lawyer say?
Maybe you should go ask Tom.
OK, I'll do what you say.
She behaves like a child.
He is a bad speaker.
Tom chauffeured.
Tom begged for money.
Tom panhandled.
Tom sang.
Language is the mirror of the soul.
Tom was lying down.
Bravo, Tom!
Tom got younger.
Tom will swim.
Tom humbled himself.
I've decided to buy a vehicle.
I decided to buy a vehicle.
Tom went down.
Tom got offended.
Tom is well-paid.
Tom concentrated.
Do you have more work than usual today?
Tom was locked inside.
Tom has gotten younger.
Tom is not afraid to tell the truth.
When the angels sleep.
The Virgin Islands are an archipelago in the Atlantic Ocean.
She drank coffee.
Everything can still change.
Everything could still change.
The journalist heard about the war firsthand.
This bird has a bright plumage.
There are many stone pines in Rome.
There are many pine trees in Rome.
When she fell, she hit her elbow.
She hit her elbow when she fell.
She hit her elbow during a fall.
Everything could still be changed.
The distance is hard to estimate.
I gave my seat to an elderly woman.
Did you like the film you saw yesterday?
The frost killed the tomatoes I seeded.
The village drunk is always up to something.
Tom is our mortal enemy.
Hear me out before you give it a shot.
He has read a ton of books.
The greatest difference one can see between a story and a novel is their length.
We spoke in a whisper.
We were whispering.
He is deaf in one ear.
He is writhing like a worm.
Birds are beautiful.
What did you dream about?
Tom is in therapy.
We're on the third floor.
The house over there is Tom's.
We ought to be back soon.
Tom can do that for Mary.
We need another solution.
Tom is on the back porch, isn't he?
We can easily walk there.
I forgot you didn't like pizza.
I forgot that you didn't like pizza.
There's a woman in the room.
I hope that you have a good lawyer.
I thought that things would change.
There's no such thing as ESP.
There's some truth in every rumor.
Tickets will go on sale next Monday.
We're all united in friendship.
I was lucky the train was late. Otherwise, I would've missed it.
I was lucky that the train was late. Otherwise I would've missed it.
The last time that I saw Tom was at your place.
The last time I saw Tom was at your place.
The laundry I hung up was on the clothesline for three days.
I don't remember if Tom lent me the book or if I borrowed it from the library.
I intend to buy a gold bracelet for my wife.
I found the missing bicycle.
The police found my bicycle that had been stolen.
Home isn't where you live, but where you're with people who understand you.
Do you know who is scheduled to give the next lecture?
Tom and Mary each have a bicycle.
Tom and Mary both have bicycles.
Tom was locked in.
Are you going to eat your dessert?
Kabyles are Algerian.
Tom is always ill.
I am from Rio de Janeiro, and you?
"What country are your relatives from?" "Germany."
"What are your relatives' nationality?" "German."
What beautiful words!
Throw it away.
Tom is not afraid.
Tom does not want to go out to play.
This substance is undergoing a transition from a gaseous to a liquid state.
I work with dangerous materials.
Tom remained silent, his mouth agape. He was completely incredulous in front of such trickery and bad faith.
I'm a native of Kiev.
I'm a native of Moscow.
Ali is a native of Istanbul.
Just park anywhere.
I'll have to see what Tom says.
"I love you, baby." "I love you too."
Tom rapped on the table with his knuckles.
We want what's best for you.
When did Tom get that coat?
Those two boys are twins.
You can't talk to Tom today.
We just want what's best for you.
This wine is really good.
I wrote a long email to Tom.
These pants don't fit me.
Was I supposed to lie to you?
I wish I could come too.
Tom and Mary own the house up the street.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to imply anything.
I didn't mean to imply anything.
"I love you, baby." "I love you, too."
Please throw this away for me.
This needs to be thrown away.
Let's throw all these things away.
I threw away all the letters that Tom sent me.
Two hours of forced idleness went by.
All overs are ill.
The months of the year are: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November and December.
I was born in Transylvania.
There wasn't anything subtle about it.
Tom lives in his own world.
Mary lives in her own world.
Tom is hitting me.
That won't likely happen.
Let's do that at Tom's house.
Tell us about yourselves.
Tom brought Mary flowers.
Stop deluding yourselves.
I wish I could come, too.
Those birds are beautiful, aren't they?
Tom called an ambulance.
I don't dare.
I've got an upset stomach.
Tom is a man of wonderful ideas.
Sorry, but I can't have dinner with you tonight.
Tom is on a tight budget, isn't he?
My family isn't very big.
When did Tom buy that coat?
It wasn't fun doing that.
Living with Tom wasn't easy.
It was a good compromise.
Are you the same age as Tom?
I'm trying to enjoy life.
My trainers are wet.
Idir sang in Algeria in 2018.
Do you like coconut water?
Why does not anyone translate the phrases I send to this site?
Marcia likes to collect teddy bears.
That is transphobic.
Was the book that you were reading yesterday in French?
Don't feel well!
The dog is here.
It's the worst!
I don't want to!
You're too greedy wolfing the food down.
Deadpool had me laughing till I almost wet myself.
Two people recommend it, so I have to watch that movie.
I'm just giving fair warning, some people don't like it because it's over the top for them, or what not.
My grandma had a friend that made quilts.
The best kind of weather makes you want to take a walk through white snow with bright sun at your back.
Tom is a rich guy.
I'm trying to be patient.
I'm waiting for Tom's answer.
I'm the richest one here.
Tom and Mary are sincere.
I'm not used to the heat.
Tom is on a fishing trip, isn't he?
I went out the back door.
Tom kowtowed.
May Tom be free.
Tom was kneeling.
Tom has become a father.
Tom limped.
Tom was limping.
Tom was lame.
Tom began to apologize.
Tom went forward.
Tom has gone absent.
Tom lacks courage.
Tom got started.
Even though all our knowledge begins with experience, it doesn't all come from experience.
Tom began to sprint.
Tom took off on a sprint.
Tom lives alone with his dog.
You saw us yesterday.
Tom said you speak French better than Mary.
Tom said that you speak French better than Mary.
Please call her.
Is Tom still able to drive?
I wasn't allowed to sing.
Let's ask Tom to explain it.
I was hit by a golf ball.
You should really tell Tom.
I was a kid at that time.
Tom has just quit.
I waited for a long time.
I forgot Tom's sister's name.
I should be more careful.
It seems that I've lost my keys.
I started doing that early this morning.
I've lived in Boston since last year.
I've traveled many times.
I said nothing, which made Tom angry.
I bought a clock for Tom.
I intend to spend a few hours a day doing that.
He loved computers.
He ruined his computer.
He bought a computer.
He helped his friend build a computer.
He built his own computer.
He ordered a computer.
He is going to build his own computer.
He's going to build his own computer.
He completely dismantled his own computer.
He bought a new computer case.
He can live without his computer for a day.
He has been stuck without a functional computer for four days.
He stole my computer.
He stole my laptop.
He had the computer with him during that time.
He bought his first computer in 1994.
He needed his own computer.
He can use my computer.
He wanted to get a new computer.
He wanted to get his own computer.
He had everything on that computer.
He edited videos on his computer.
He decided to buy the computer.
He needed a new computer.
He transferred the pictures to his computer.
He got his computer fixed.
He wanted to get his computer fixed.
He fixed the computer.
He has two computers.
He works at a computer store.
He has his own computer.
He looked at my computer.
He needed to buy a screen for his computer.
He turned the computer on.
He is a computer technician and he knows what he is talking about.
He bought a computer from this website.
He ordered a computer online.
He will get his computer fixed in a few hours.
In mathematics and computer science, an algorithm is an unambiguous specification of how to solve a class of problems.
Homo.
He took the computer home.
He got his computer back.
He said the computer cost a hundred dollars.
He said the screen that he bought does not work on that computer.
He said the screen that he bought doesn't work on that computer.
He went to the computer shop.
You are out of danger now.
I bought a watch for Tom.
He really needed a computer.
He really needed the computer.
It was the biggest defeat in government history, according to the BBC.
Dominic Grieve has tabled a motion for a second referendum.
He played basketball.
He was poor, but he was honest.
I wrote the algorithm in Pascal.
Agatha Christie was an English writer. She is known for her detective novels and short story collections.
Without a cowherd, the cows wandered in a field where wheat was growing.
I think Tom is hitting on you.
I think Tom is coming on to you.
I think Tom is putting the moves on you.
What was that you said?
How do you know me?
He took apart his computer.
He disassembled his computer.
You're out of danger now.
Tom and Mary are pleased.
I pretended to be sleepy.
Tom is now out of danger, isn't he?
I need to find a new job.
Does Tom still remember me?
I knew you were Canadian.
In my opinion, Tom is wrong.
I have no regrets at all.
Why didn't you talk to Tom?
I can't say anything now.
I can't go out like this.
Do you know if this is Tom's?
I can hear you just fine.
Tom and Mary are healthy.
How is your name spelled?
Tom is now legally blind, isn't he?
French isn't spoken here.
Does Tom have any siblings?
French isn't easy for us.
In my opinion, Tom is right.
Do you guys drink coffee?
Why are you upset with Tom?
Did you enjoy yourselves?
Tom drives an SUV.
Did you do it yourselves?
Do you know Tom's dog's name?
Aren't you and I friends?
Tom and Mary are annoyed.
You were my last choice.
Tom is much better today, isn't he?
You should take a break.
Did you know Tom back then?
You should show respect.
You're the person who best fits the position.
I have to use French every day.
Are you kidding us?
How about going to a movie tonight?
You may spend the night.
You can't dodge bullets.
Tom crouched down.
You can spend the night.
We're sure of Tom's success.
Why aren't you prepared?
Mary buttoned her blouse.
Why are you talking now?
Tom is mopping the floor, isn't he?
I've climbed Mt. Fuji before.
I have visited Boston before.
I wonder whether Tom will go to Boston with Mary.
Tom and Mary didn't have any books in French.
The wind blew the umbrella out of my hand.
The blue umbrella is Tom's.
This just has to be Tom's umbrella.
This is Tom's umbrella, isn't it?
That umbrella looks the same as the one I found on the bus.
I wish I'd bought an umbrella.
He helped me a lot.
I think that I've lost my umbrella.
I think I've lost my umbrella.
Do you remember where Tom left his umbrella?
It's raining, so please take your umbrella.
I wish that I'd brought an umbrella with me today.
I wish I'd brought an umbrella with me today.
Tom suggested that Mary take an umbrella with her.
My umbrella doesn't really keep me dry.
Tom took my umbrella without even asking me if it was OK.
I'm pretty sure this is Tom's umbrella.
I think that this is Tom's umbrella.
I think this is Tom's umbrella.
We have used up all the coal.
Why are you hounding me?
Did Tom eat the whole cake?
Why are you here anyway?
I urged Tom to study French.
Who's playing the piano?
I want to name our son Tom.
We've run out of coffee.
Tom can leave now.
We're on the right path.
I won't follow Tom's advice.
We can now die in peace.
Tom will take Mary home.
This factory makes toys.
Tom is making sandwiches, isn't he?
The separatists think that they're still in those days when it's possible to send threatening messages to someone then get away with it.
I helped Tom find a flat.
The police searched their house and seized kilograms of heroin.
The police searched her house and seized kilograms of heroin.
The police searched his house and seized kilograms of heroin.
I eat fish.
He is diligent.
She will be back tomorrow.
The leader considered him his personal enemy.
Ill take your brain to another dimension, Im gonna send him to outer space,find another race.
Tom started the car and waited a few minutes for the car to warm up before he pulled out of the driveway.
Tom is very busy every afternoon, but he often has some free time in the morning.
Tom is hoping that he and Mary will be able to spend some time together next weekend.
Tom knew that Mary couldn't swim, but he asked her to go swimming with him anyway.
Tom is still working at the same bar he worked at when he was a college student.
Tom is hoping he and Mary will be able to spend some time together next weekend.
Tom is worried that the problem may be much more serious than we first thought.
Tom still works at the same bar he worked at when he was a college student.
Tom is worried about Mary since he hasn't heard from her since last Monday.
Tom and Mary sat the kitchen drinking tea and talking about their children.
Tom told Mary about something that happened to him while he was in Boston.
Tom didn't want to buy flowers for Mary, but John told him that he should.
Tom was in a hurry to catch the bus, so he didn't stop to talk with Mary.
Tom spent the whole evening, staring at the girl at the end of the bar.
Tom will buy a house with the money he inherited from his grandfather.
Tom was so fluent in French that Mary thought he was a native speaker.
Tom was sitting on that bench over there until just a few minutes ago.
Tom is very upset with me because I didn't do what he wanted me to do.
Tom was really surprised when Mary told him that she didn't like him.
Tom is still driving that old truck that he got from his grandfather.
Tom spent several hours reading a book while waiting for his flight.
Tom is very young and he doesn't really understand what's going on.
Tom is ready to do whatever it takes to finish the project on time.
Tom was talking with those strangers over there just a minute ago.
Tom was sitting on a park bench over there just a few minutes ago.
Tom ran to the bus stop and got there just as the bus was leaving.
Tom is very young, so he doesn't really understand what's going on.
Tom yelled at the waitress because she spilled hot coffee on him.
Tom is going to buy a necklace for Mary with the money John gave him.
Tom will be singing his favorite hymn at today's church service.
Tom was really surprised when Mary told him she didn't like him.
Tom was on the phone yelling at someone when I entered the room.
Tom is still driving that old truck he got from his grandfather.
Tom is in the living room, telling a story to his grandchildren.
Tom is going to take care of Mary's dog while she's on vacation.
Tom is going to go fishing with one of his cousins next weekend.
Tom and three of his cousins went camping together last weekend.
Tom is the only one here that doesn't know how to speak French.
Tom is still living in the same neighborhood where he was born.
Tom and Mary were in the kitchen together all morning, cooking.
Tom was sitting here on the couch with me until Mary got home.
Tom told me about what happened at school yesterday afternoon.
Tom stopped smoking cigarettes because his doctor told him to.
Tom said that he wished that he didn't have to change schools.
Tom is trying to cook something that he's never cooked before.
Tom is supposed to be doing the same thing that Mary is doing.
Tom is going to sleep in my room, and I'll sleep on the couch.
Tom has been working in a gift shop for that last three years.
Tom already knew how to do that before he came to work for us.
Mary smiled when she noticed that Tom was staring at her legs.
Mary is pretty sure that Tom is going to ask her to marry him.
Tom was the only one in our group who knew what was going on.
Tom was sitting here for a while and then he got up and left.
Tom was buried in the cemetery next to the church he went to.
Tom is my friend now, but we didn't like each other at first.
Tom is in the living room, telling his grandchildren a story.
Tom has worked hard to save up enough money to go to college.
Tom has been trying to talk his father into buying him a car.
Tom was surprised that Mary was still there waiting for him.
Tom was still wearing his pajamas when he answered the door.
Tom is, without doubt, the best French speaker in our class.
Tom is still trying to convince Mary not to do that anymore.
I think that Tom and Mary have been married for three years.
Tom will be taking Mary somewhere special for her birthday.
Tom was thirteen years old when he started studying French.
Tom was really surprised when Mary told him not to do that.
Tom is waiting for the bus on the wrong side of the street.
Tom is usually the first one in his class to get to school.
Tom is the kind of person who would do something like that.
Tom is still trying to convince Mary not to buy that dress.
Tom is going to wear the new coat that he bought yesterday.
Tom is going to have to do something he doesn't want to do.
Tom is going to graduate from junior high school this year.
Tom is going to go shopping with his mother this afternoon.
Tom has been really depressed since Mary broke up with him.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the one that started the rumor.
Tom will most likely spend the rest of his life in prison.
Tom will be taking Mary somewhere special on her birthday.
Tom was supposed to be here today, but he never showed up.
Tom says that he's going to turn himself in to the police.
Tom is very good at tennis, but he's not much of a golfer.
Tom is very good at tennis, but he isn't much of a golfer.
Tom is still trying to convince Mary to come to his party.
Tom is going to graduate from elementary school this year.
Tom is a pretty good singer, but he never sings at church.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the one who started the rumor.
Tom's plan is the only reasonable one that was presented.
Tom was too frightened to tell his father what he'd done.
Tom said that he wished he didn't have to change schools.
Tom said he wished that he didn't have to change schools.
Tom is wearing the same clothes that he had on yesterday.
Tom is wearing the new sneakers that he bought last week.
Tom is trying to cook something he's never cooked before.
Tom is supposed to be doing the same thing Mary is doing.
Tom is probably never going to forget what we did to him.
Tom is going to go shopping with Mary tomorrow afternoon.
Tom hasn't yet been paid for the work that he did for us.
Tom has been hanging out with a woman who's half his age.
Tom had his shirt unbuttoned when I saw him this morning.
Mary smiled when she noticed Tom was staring at her legs.
Mary is pretty sure Tom is going to ask her to marry him.
I was surprised to hear that Tom agreed to Mary's demands.
Tom's performance wasn't as good as I expected it to be.
Tom was the only one who knew what had happened to Mary.
Tom wanted a drink, but he knew that he shouldn't drink.
Tom walked out of the store, carrying three large boxes.
Tom started doing that before he was thirteen years old.
Tom is working at one of the restaurants on Park Street.
Tom is likely to spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Tom is going to like the cookies that you baked for him.
I wish I hadn't eaten the sandwich that Tom made for me.
Tom was wearing sweatpants when I saw him this morning.
Tom was surprised Mary was still there waiting for him.
Tom was really surprised when Mary told him to do that.
Tom was put in an ambulance and driven to the hospital.
Tom tried to sneak into the room without being noticed.
Tom spent the day hanging out with some of his friends.
Tom rummaged through the drawer, looking for a stapler.
Tom read the billboards as he drove down the highway.
Tom is usually the last person to turn in his homework.
Tom is sitting on the steps in front of the courthouse.
Tom is going to graduate from primary school this year.
Tom has lost a lot of weight since he started his diet.
Tom has gone to live in Australia with his grandmother.
Tom and three of his friends went fishing last weekend.
I thought that Tom was supposed to be your best friend.
Tom wrote about everything that happened in his diary.
Tom was sitting on the couch with his arm around Mary.
Tom was running pretty fast, but we caught him anyway.
Tom tried to hide behind the tree, but he was too fat.
Tom said a lot of things about Mary that weren't true.
Tom is with three of his friends doing that right now.
Tom is waiting for his manager to tell him what to do.
Tom is the only person who really knows what happened.
Tom is pretty sure that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom is one of the boys that Mary invited to the party.
Tom is in the kitchen, helping his mother wash dishes.
Tom is in charge of making arrangements for the party.
Tom is going to wear the new coat he bought yesterday.
Tom is going to Mary's place to help her do something.
Tom is at the hospital now, waiting to see the doctor.
I'm pretty sure Tom is the one that started the rumor.
I was shocked when I heard that Tom had been arrested.
Tom will likely spend the rest of his life in prison.
Tom was sitting on a tree stump with Mary on his lap.
Tom was really surprised when Mary told him to leave.
Tom was killed in a hit-and-run accident last Monday.
Tom spent all afternoon talking to John's girlfriend.
Tom says he's going to turn himself in to the police.
Tom often reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
Tom is working at that new restaurant on Park Street.
Tom is the one who usually helps me with my homework.
Tom is shy and seldom says anything unless spoken to.
Tom is one of the most popular students in the class.
Tom is in charge of making arrangements for our trip.
Tom is going to graduate from grade school this year.
Tom has been trying to convince Mary to quit smoking.
Tom and his daughter came over to my house yesterday.
Tom and John spent all afternoon talking about girls.
I'm pretty sure Tom is the one who started the rumor.
Tom was working in Boston the day Mary was murdered.
Tom was shocked by what Mary said that he should do.
Tom was convinced that he was doing the right thing.
Tom tried to do that same thing that Mary was doing.
Tom tried to convince Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom started doing that when he was thirty years old.
Tom sat in his rocking chair, staring out the window.
Tom said he wished he didn't have to change schools.
Tom is working hard to catch up with his classmates.
Tom is wearing the same clothes he had on yesterday.
Tom is wearing the new sneakers he bought last week.
Tom is very likely to know what he's supposed to do.
Tom is the only Canadian living in our neighborhood.
Tom is the most likely to be the first person there.
Tom is talking about going to Australia next winter.
Tom is sure that he'll be able to pass today's exam.
Tom is outside waiting for Mary to come pick him up.
Tom is on the phone talking to a customer right now.
Tom is going to have to tell Mary about what he did.
Tom is going to graduate from high school this year.
Tom hasn't yet been paid for the work he did for us.
Tom has never told me anything about his girlfriend.
Tom and three other people were here this afternoon.
Tom and his wife are coming over for dinner tonight.
I was surprised to hear Tom agreed to Mary's demands.
Tom will help us load the furniture onto the truck.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't have to do that.
Tom was very fat when he was in junior high school.
Tom was thirteen years old when he moved to Boston.
Tom started laughing as soon as he saw May dancing.
Tom said that he was going to go skating with Mary.
Tom said that he couldn't convince Mary to do that.
Tom poured dried dog food into his dog's food dish.
Tom is waiting for some of his friends to join him.
Tom is upstairs, screaming at Mary for some reason.
Tom is too much of a coward to go there by himself.
Tom is thirty years old, but he looks much younger.
Tom is the only person who thinks that that's true.
Tom is the one standing next to me in this picture.
Tom is the boy that I told you about the other day.
Tom is supposed to be teaching Mary how to do that.
Tom is sitting over there with some of his friends.
Tom is rich enough to buy almost anything he wants.
Tom is reading the article that you told him about.
Tom is pretty sure that he's going to lose his job.
Tom is likely to be willing to do anything you ask.
Tom is going to like the cookies you baked for him.
Tom has been waiting all day for Mary to come back.
Tom has been suspended from school for three weeks.
Tom has been spending more and more time with Mary.
Tom has been hanging out with a woman half his age.
Tom can't speak French, but all of his friends can.
Tom and Mary were speaking to each other in French.
Tom and Mary kissed each other on the Ferris wheel.
I wish I hadn't eaten the sandwich Tom made for me.
Tom works at the largest department store in town.
Tom was shocked by what Mary suggested that he do.
Tom was one of the last people to leave the party.
Tom often walks around his house in his underwear.
Tom is the youngest person working in our company.
Tom is still not doing what we've asked him to do.
Tom is still doing what he's supposed to be doing.
Tom is sitting outside, enjoying the warm weather.
Tom is sitting in his car, listening to the radio.
Tom is pacing back and forth in front of the gate.
Tom is older than all the other boys in his class.
Tom is my neighbor, but I hardly ever talk to him.
Tom is looking at the pictures that Mary sent him.
Tom is in his thirties, but he looks much younger.
Tom is going to visit his grandparents next month.
Tom caught Mary stealing money from John's wallet.
Tom and Mary are speaking to each other in French.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't tell me the truth.
I thought Tom was supposed to be your best friend.
Tom will be mad when he finds out what I've done.
Tom was three years old when his sister was born.
Tom was thirteen when he started studying French.
Tom was still in junior high school at that time.
Tom was standing right outside my bedroom window.
Tom was standing at the counter when I walked in.
Tom was responsible for everything that happened.
Tom usually watches the news while eating dinner.
Tom tried to get help, but nobody would help him.
Tom took Mary somewhere special for her birthday.
Tom said that he didn't want to sit next to Mary.
Tom is the owner of a supermarket on Park Street.
Tom is the one who helped Mary with her homework.
Tom is the kind of guy I'd like to be married to.
Tom is pretty sure Mary was the one who did that.
Tom is one of the boys Mary invited to the party.
Tom is just not the person that I thought he was.
Tom is in the backyard, playing with his friends.
Tom is going to stay at a friend's house tonight.
Tom has been trying to figure out how to do that.
Tom eavesdropped on Mary and John's conversation.
Tom accidentally locked himself out of his house.
It seems that Tom is already aware of that fact.
I was surprised that Tom agreed to Mary's demands.
I was shocked when I heard Tom had been arrested.
Tom will be sitting in the front passenger seat.
Tom was the only one who didn't want to do that.
Tom was the only one who didn't need to do that.
Tom was the only one who didn't have to do that.
Tom was the first to come and the last to leave.
Tom was one of the last people to finish eating.
Tom wanted to take me to a dance, but I said no.
Tom took Mary somewhere special on her birthday.
Tom seems really scared about what might happen.
Tom seemed to be nervous when he first got here.
Tom rides the bus to school every day with Mary.
Tom practices the piano about three hours a day.
Tom just sat there staring at me the whole time.
Tom is waiting for Mary to come and pick him up.
Tom is the person that taught me how to do that.
Tom is the person that showed me how to do that.
Tom is the only one who really wants to do that.
Tom is the only one who doesn't need to do that.
Tom is the only one who doesn't have to do that.
Tom is the last person I'd want to do that with.
Tom is the guy over there standing next to Mary.
Tom is still trying to convince Mary to help us.
Tom is still trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom is still not doing what he's supposed to do.
Tom is still living in the house he was born in.
Tom is sitting on the bench outside the library.
Tom is playing in the basement with his brother.
Tom is planning on moving to Boston next summer.
Tom is in his thirties, but he looks much older.
Tom is here every day of the week except Monday.
Tom is happiest when he's playing the saxophone.
Tom is going to visit his grandmother on Monday.
Tom is going to move back to Boston next spring.
Tom is going to graduate from college this year.
Tom is a guy that I lived with for three months.
Tom has been waiting all morning to talk to you.
Tom has been stealing money out of the register.
Tom has been spending a lot of time working out.
Tom has been hired by Mary to look after things.
Tom has a lot of ties, so I borrowed one of his.
Tom gained a lot of weight after he got married.
I wish that Tom wouldn't always talk about work.
Tom was shocked by what Mary said he should do.
Tom was shocked by what Mary advised him to do.
Tom was convinced he was doing the right thing.
Tom wants to know what kind of car Mary drives.
Tom tried to do that same thing Mary was doing.
Tom seems to have trouble to telling the truth.
Tom says that he doesn't want to talk about it.
Tom sat under the apple tree, eating an apple..
Tom needed to go to Boston to help his brother.
Tom isn't the only one who knows what happened.
Tom is waiting for some of his friends to come.
Tom is the person who taught me how to do that.
Tom is the person who showed me how to do that.
Tom is the only person who knows what happened.
Tom is the only person that I can really trust.
Tom is sure he'll be able to pass today's exam.
Tom is supposed to be doing what Mary is doing.
Tom is still not doing what he should be doing.
Tom is sick, so he didn't come to school today.
Tom is probably pretty good at speaking French.
Tom is probably going to ask Mary to the dance.
Tom is looking for ways to make a little money.
Tom is likely to know what he's supposed to do.
Tom is in the store buying something right now.
Tom has been spending a lot of time doing that.
Tom goes for a walk with his dog every morning.
Tom found some chocolate in Mary's desk drawer.
Tom and his roommate went camping this weekend.
Mary is wearing the necklace that Tom gave her.
I'm sure that Tom will do that sooner or later.
Tom yells at his computer whenever it crashes.
Tom will moving to his new house next weekend.
Tom will be wasting his money if he buys that.
Tom will be visiting his in-laws next weekend.
Tom will be staying in Boston for the weekend.
Tom will be moving back to Boston next spring.
Tom was sound asleep when I left this morning.
Tom was really scared about what might happen.
Tom was in Boston when Mary committed suicide.
Tom was in Boston the night Mary was murdered.
Tom was afraid to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom was actually skinny before he got married.
Tom tried to save Mary, but he wasn't able to.
Tom tried to convince Mary to stop doing that.
Tom started doing that before he was thirteen.
Tom spent all afternoon watching music videos.
Tom says that he's ready to make some changes.
Tom said he was going to go skating with Mary.
Tom said he couldn't convince Mary to do that.
Tom needs to go to Boston to help his brother.
Tom is too much of a coward to go there alone.
Tom is the person that told me how to do that.
Tom is the only person who thinks that's true.
Tom is sitting on the patio, waiting for Mary.
Tom is rereading the letters he got from Mary.
Tom is reading the article you told him about.
Tom is pretty sure he's going to lose his job.
Tom is one of the brightest kids in the class.
Tom is now staying at his grandparent's house.
Tom is my neighbor, but I hardly ever see him.
Tom is more intelligent than Mary thinks he is.
Tom is looking for somebody who speaks French.
Tom is in the kitchen, making a pot of coffee.
Tom is hoping to visit Boston the next winter.
Tom didn't seem very interested in doing that.
The ring that Tom is wearing is very valuable.
I'm pretty sure that Tom's father is a lawyer.
Tom will be staying in Boston for a few days.
Tom wasn't the only one who could to do that.
Tom was thirty years old when he got married.
Tom was shocked by what Mary suggested he do.
Tom was out walking his dogs late last night.
Tom was in his room all afternoon, doing homework.
Tom was caught stealing his roommate's stuff.
Tom told me everything that I needed to know.
Tom seemed to be having the time of his life.
Tom parked on the other side of the building.
Tom moved into his new apartment last Monday.
Tom listened to John and Mary's conversation.
Tom is worried that something has gone wrong.
Tom is wearing the same clothes as yesterday.
Tom is waiting to see what's going to happen.
Tom is very likely to know what he should do.
Tom is the youngest of Mary's three children.
Tom is the person who told me how to do that.
Tom is sick, so he didn't come to work today.
Tom is rich, but he's not as rich as Mary is.
Tom is rich, but he isn't as rich as Mary is.
Tom is renting a room in the Jacksons' house.
Tom is really scared about what might happen.
Tom is probably a pretty good French speaker.
Tom is playing with the kids in the backyard.
Tom is only three years younger than Mary is.
Tom is one of the smartest kids in the class.
Tom is looking for somebody who knows French.
Tom is looking at the pictures Mary sent him.
Tom is here every day of the week but Monday.
Tom is having a lot of trouble finding a job.
Tom is going to have to wait a little longer.
Tom is going to be in prison for a long time.
Tom has been working a lot of hours recently.
Tom has been trying to find something to eat.
Tom doesn't take very good care of his tools.
Tom couldn't believe Mary actually liked him.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't tell me the truth.
Tom worked with Mary for almost three years.
Tom was warned by his father not to do that.
Tom was thirteen years old when he met Mary.
Tom was thirteen years old when he did that.
Tom was mean to me the first time I met him.
Tom was in his room all afternoon, playing games.
Tom was able to retire in his late thirties.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend before he was mine.
Tom wanted some money to buy some ice cream.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him how to do that.
Tom walked back to his dormitory by himself.
Tom tried to talk me out of getting married.
Tom tried not to make eye contact with Mary.
Tom tried to explain to Mary what was going on.
Tom starts giggling every time he sees Mary.
Tom started doing that after he got married.
Tom says that he's going to turn himself in.
Tom says that he needs to make some changes.
Tom says that he isn't ready to settle down.
Tom sat on my right and Mary sat on my left.
Tom said that he wanted to sit next to Mary.
Tom said he didn't want to sit next to Mary.
Tom pays rent to live in his parents' house.
Tom only knows how to speak a little French.
Tom is working at a hospital as a volunteer.
Tom is with his cousin in Boston for a week.
Tom is waiting for Mary to come pick him up.
Tom is the only one with a key to this room.
Tom is supposed to be cleaning his room now.
Tom is sitting over there talking with Mary.
Tom is precisely the person I'm looking for.
Tom is planning a party for Mary's birthday.
Tom is only three months older than Mary is.
Tom is one of the rudest guys I've ever met.
Tom is not the person that I thought he was.
Tom is never in the office in the afternoon.
Tom is never in his office in the afternoon.
Tom is looking for someone who knows French.
Tom is just not the person I thought he was.
Tom is just doing what he's been told to do.
Tom is in the parking lot, waiting for Mary.
Tom is hanging out with some of his friends.
Tom is going to wash his car this afternoon.
Tom is going to tell Mary that he loves her.
Tom is going to tell Mary that he likes her.
Tom is in the kitchen, talking with his mother.
Tom has a date with Mary tomorrow afternoon.
Tom got caught trying to break into a house.
Tom broke a rib when he fell off the ladder.
Tom and I have started hanging out together.
Tom almost never talks about his girlfriend.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't hear anything.
I was surprised Tom agreed to Mary's demands.
Tom was very anxious to get rid of that car.
Tom was stabbed three times in the stomach.
Tom was one of the last people to get here.
Tom was immediately rushed to the hospital.
Tom usually tries to sit close to the door.
Tom spent over $30,fixing up his house.
Tom seemed to be nervous when he left here.
Tom ran into an old friend on his way home.
Tom plans to stay in Boston for a few days.
Tom is writing an article for our magazine.
Tom is walking very slowly for some reason.
Tom is trying to walk without his crutches.
Tom is trying to persuade Mary to help him.
Tom is too smart to do something like that.
Tom is three centimeters shorter than I am.
Tom is the one that's going to be punished.
Tom is the oldest of Mary's three children.
Tom is the guy that's sitting next to Mary.
Tom is taking care of the children tonight.
Tom is still a little too young to do that.
Tom is screaming at somebody in his office.
Tom is probably going to do that on Monday.
Tom is probably a little younger than I am.
Tom is probably a little heavier than I am.
Tom is only three months younger than I am.
Tom is much younger than Mary thinks he is.
Tom is looking for an inexpensive used car.
Tom is just three weeks older than Mary is.
Tom is in his office, working on a project.
Tom is having a party at his place tonight.
Tom is going to spend three nights with us.
Tom is a guy I lived with for three months.
Tom has said some really mean things to me.
Tom has been spending a lot money recently.
Tom can't swim, but all of his friends can.
It seems Tom is already aware of that fact.
Tom was the only one who could to do that.
Tom was stranded in the middle of nowhere.
Tom was sitting on the floor, watching TV.
Tom was released from prison last October.
Tom was fired for being rude to customers.
Tom was caught trying to steal Mary's car.
Tom started doing that when he was thirty.
Tom seems to be texting Mary all the time.
Tom said that he wanted to sit next to me.
Tom knows that not everyone here can swim.
Tom is wearing his favorite T-shirt today.
Tom is three centimeters taller than I am.
Tom is the only inhabitant of that island.
Tom is the one you should ask to help you.
Tom is the one who's going to be punished.
Tom is the one who caused all the trouble.
Tom is supposed to be taking care of Mary.
Tom is still waiting for you in the lobby.
Tom is screaming at someone in his office.
Tom is scared that he might do that wrong.
Tom is rich, but he's not as rich as Mary.
Tom is rich, but he isn't as rich as Mary.
Tom is planning to kill somebody, I think.
Tom is only three years younger than Mary.
Tom is one of the owners of this building.
Tom isn't likely to pass the examination.
Tom isn't likely to follow Mary's advice.
Tom is much richer than Mary thinks he is.
Tom is listening to the news on the radio.
Tom is heading back to Boston after lunch.
Tom is going to stay in Boston all summer.
Tom is by far the best player on the team.
Tom is building something in his backyard.
Tom is always asking me to lend him money.
Tom has had a fever for the past few days.
Tom has been spending a lot of time there.
Tom has been spending a lot money on wine.
Tom has been sitting there the whole time.
Tom has been quite frank with me, I think.
Tom gave Mary some money to buy chocolate.
Tom gave Mary money to buy some chocolate.
Tom and his son often go fishing together.
Mary is wearing the necklace Tom gave her.
I'm sure that that's what Tom wants to do.
I'm sure Tom will do that sooner or later.
I think that Tom is trying to fall asleep.
Tom will probably go to Boston on Monday.
Tom will be turning thirty in three days.
Tom wasn't the only person who helped me.
Tom was too scared to even talk about it.
Tom was supposed to meet me here at 2:30.
Tom was one of the last people to arrive.
Tom was in Boston when Mary was murdered.
Tom wanted to forget about what happened.
Tom stood at the sink, washing his hands.
Tom sits in front of me in biology class.
Tom seldom writes letters to his parents.
Tom seemed very interested in doing that.
Tom says that he wants to walk Mary home.
Tom says that he gets a lot of junk mail.
Tom says he's ready to make some changes.
Tom saw his children getting off the bus.
Tom rode in the back of the pickup truck.
Tom lives on the other side of the river.
Tom just pulled up in front of our house.
Tom is yelling at somebody in his office.
Tom is writing something in his notebook.
Tom is what you might call a woman hater.
Tom is waiting for his name to be called.
Tom is three kilograms lighter than I am.
Tom is three kilograms heavier than I am.
Tom is three centimeters shorter than me.
Tom is thinking about painting his house.
Tom is the youngest of my three children.
Tom is the only one who understands Mary.
Tom is the one who found Mary's necklace.
Tom is the one the boss wants to talk to.
Tom is the kind of guy I'd like to marry.
Tom is the guy that Mary has been seeing.
Tom is the guy that Mary has been dating.
Tom is surrounded by people who love him.
Tom is sure that he'll pass today's exam.
Tom is still making a pretty good salary.
Tom is still as poor as he's always been.
Tom is sitting cross-legged on the floor.
Tom is probably going to leave on Monday.
Tom is probably a little younger than me.
Tom is probably a little older than I am.
Tom is probably a little heavier than me.
Tom is planning to kill someone, I think.
Tom is over at Mary's house all the time.
Tom is outside, playing with his brother.
Tom is only three months younger than me.
Tom is only three months older than I am.
Tom is on his way and will be there soon.
Tom is on a diet because he's overweight.
Tom is obviously too drunk to drive home.
Tom is obviously going to need more help.
Tom is now better off than he used to be.
Tom is my best friend in the whole world.
Tom is much older than Mary thinks he is.
Tom is more than twice as old as Mary is.
Tom is living with us for the time being.
Tom is in the bathroom, washing his face.
Tom is going to study French after lunch.
Tom is going to leave tomorrow afternoon.
Tom is busy preparing for an examination.
Tom has been spending a lot of time here.
Tom has been placed with a foster family.
Tom Jackson is the manager of this hotel.
The ring Tom is wearing is very valuable.
Nobody helps Tom, but he never complains.
No one helps Tom, but he never complains.
I'm pretty sure Tom's father is a lawyer.
I still can't do that as well as Tom can.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to come.
Everybody at school knows Tom can't swim.
Tom was thirteen when he first met Mary.
Tom was one of the last people to leave.
Tom wants to avenge his brother's death.
Tom wanted Mary to come over for dinner.
Tom used to visit us every now and then.
Tom tried to save Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to get into the locked garage.
Tom tried to enjoy himself at the party.
Tom told me everything I needed to know.
Tom told Mary that she was fat and ugly.
Tom stopped doing that for three months.
Tom stole some food off of Mary's plate.
Tom still talks about Mary all the time.
Tom still hasn't paid this month's rent.
Tom still doesn't know what's happening.
Tom stayed in his dorm room all weekend.
Tom seems to be in a hurry all the time.
Tom says that he isn't ready to do that.
Tom sat on his bed and put on his shoes.
Tom reached into his pocket for his key.
Tom peeked through the hole in the wall.
Tom needs to concentrate on his studies.
Tom is younger than everybody else here.
Tom is yelling at someone in his office.
Tom is worried something has gone wrong.
Tom is wearing the coat that I gave him.
Tom is wearing a blue T-shirt and jeans.
Tom is waiting for Mary at the bus stop.
Tom is unlikely to pass the examination.
Tom is unlikely to follow Mary's advice.
Tom is three centimeters taller than me.
Tom is the person who helped me do that.
Tom is the only other guy in this class.
Tom is the one that caused the accident.
Tom is the head of the sales department.
Tom is talking to somebody on the phone.
Tom is supposed to go to Boston with us.
Tom is saving money so he can buy a car.
Tom is rich, but not as rich as Mary is.
Tom is probably a bit younger than I am.
Tom is probably a bit heavier than I am.
Tom is much better at cooking than I am.
Tom is likely to know what he should do.
Tom is just three weeks older than Mary.
Tom is in the kitchen, eating breakfast.
Tom is going to stay with us all summer.
Tom has locked himself out of his house.
Tom has been staring at you all morning.
Tom has been really nice to my children.
Tom has been paying all of Mary's bills.
Tom gave up doing that for three months.
Tom didn't seem very interested in that.
Tom and Mary are planning their wedding.
It seems that Tom is aware of that fact.
I think that they're overmedicating Tom.
Everyone at school knows Tom can't swim.
Tom's dog's food dish was full of ants.
Tom went to Boston for Mary's birthday.
Tom wasn't wearing a Halloween costume.
Tom washes his sheets every other week.
Tom was three when his sister was born.
Tom was only in Boston for three weeks.
Tom was in his room all afternoon, studying.
Tom was at the hospital when Mary died.
Tom walked back to his dorm by himself.
Tom tried to escape, but he got caught.
Tom still doesn't know what's going on.
Tom stays in his room most of the time.
Tom stays at home almost every weekend.
Tom seemed really concerned about that.
Tom says he's going to turn himself in.
Tom says he needs to make some changes.
Tom says he isn't ready to settle down.
Tom said he wanted to sit next to Mary.
Tom quit doing that when he was thirty.
Tom often sits next to Mary on the bus.
Tom knows that everybody here can swim.
Tom is younger than everyone else here.
Tom is younger than all of his friends.
Tom is writing a letter to his parents.
Tom is with his older brother, fishing.
Tom is wearing a blue and white jacket.
Tom is too afraid to go out by himself.
Tom is three months older than Mary is.
Tom is three kilograms lighter than me.
Tom is three kilograms heavier than me.
Tom is thinking about buying a new house.
Tom is the youngest member of our club.
Tom is the only boy Mary ever talks to.
Tom is the one who helped us escape.
Tom is the oldest of my three children.
Tom is taller than everybody else here.
Tom is talking to someone on the phone.
Tom is talking to Mary about something.
Tom is taking care of the kids tonight.
Tom is supposed to be at a meeting now.
Tom is still somewhere in the building.
Tom is still having trouble doing that.
Tom is richer than anyone else in town.
Tom is probably a little older than me.
Tom is only three months older than me.
Tom is one of the biggest liars I know.
Tom is one of my really a good friends.
Tom is now working as a French teacher.
Tom is not the person I thought he was.
Tom is not likely to follow our advice.
Tom is much more intelligent than I am.
Tom is lighter than all of his friends.
Tom is in very good physical condition.
Tom is in the living room, watching TV.
Tom is in the kitchen, popping popcorn.
Tom is in his office, writing a report.
Tom is in excellent physical condition.
Tom is hoping that Mary will marry him.
Tom is heavier than all of his friends.
Tom is going to tell us about his trip.
Tom is going to tell Mary he loves her.
Tom is going to tell Mary he likes her.
Tom is going to pay for what he's done.
Tom introduced Mary to his best friend.
Tom hasn't yet read the owner's manual.
Tom has been saving money to go abroad.
Tom goes to the gym three times a week.
Tom encouraged Mary to stop doing that.
Tom earned a lot of money selling soap.
Tom asked us several strange questions.
It seems that Tom's father is a lawyer.
I'm surprised Tom didn't hear anything.
How did you find out that Tom was sick?
Tom's success was due in part to luck.
Tom's dream is to become an astronaut.
Tom wasn't the only one who helped me.
Tom was very happy to do that for you.
Tom was the youngest boy in our class.
Tom was the only person who helped me.
Tom was still in college at that time.
Tom was drunk, so Mary drove him home.
Tom walked over to his car and got in.
Tom usually wears a camouflage jacket.
Tom usually stands behind the counter.
Tom tried to get in contact with Mary.
Tom took a sip from his glass of wine.
Tom seldom talks about his girlfriend.
Tom seemed really freaked out by that.
Tom sat under the tree reading a book.
Tom needs some money to tide him over.
Tom knows that everyone here can swim.
Tom is writing a book about carpentry.
Tom is waiting for everybody to leave.
Tom is usually a lot busier than I am.
Tom is used to doing things like that.
Tom is too drunk to operate machinery.
Tom is three pounds lighter than I am.
Tom is three pounds heavier than I am.
Tom is three inches shorter than I am.
Tom is the tallest person that I know.
Tom is the one that started the rumor.
Tom is the man Mary is going to marry.
Tom is the brightest kid in the class.
Tom is teaching French to my children.
Tom is taller than everyone else here.
Tom is taller than all of his friends.
Tom is still making pretty good money.
Tom is probably a bit younger than me.
Tom is probably a bit older than I am.
Tom is probably a bit heavier than me.
Tom is pretty sure that he saw a wolf.
Tom is older than everybody else here.
Tom is much better at cooking than me.
Tom is more than twice as old as Mary.
Tom is married to John's sister, Mary.
Tom is looking for a bigger apartment.
Tom is living in that house illegally.
Tom is just trying to be nice to Mary.
Tom is interested in joining our team.
Tom is going to have to do that today.
Tom is doing something else right now.
Tom is almost twice as old as Mary is.
Tom has volunteered to walk Mary home.
Tom has been taking care of his uncle.
Tom has been stealing money from Mary.
Tom has been running errands for Mary.
Tom has been invited to give a speech.
Tom has been having trouble with Mary.
Tom convinced Mary to change her mind.
Tom and I decided to share a taxi cab.
I think that Tom's father is a lawyer.
Tom won't be able to help us anymore.
Tom will probably be wearing sandals.
Tom was very pleased with the result.
Tom was thirty years old at the time.
Tom was the first one to fall asleep.
Tom wants to rent a bigger apartment.
Tom wanted me to give Mary a message.
Tom wanted an excuse to talk to Mary.
Tom walks home from school every day.
Tom waited in a line for three hours.
Tom used to be my next door neighbor.
Tom tried to be as quick as he could.
Tom told Mary that he didn't do that.
Tom talked to everybody at the party.
Tom stopped smoking for three months.
Tom seems to be talking all the time.
Tom seemed really unhappy about that.
Tom saw his kids getting off the bus.
Tom sat at his desk, staring at Mary.
Tom said that Mary tried to kill him.
Tom said he wanted to sit next to me.
Tom read a few pages in Mary's diary.
Tom paid Mary everything he owed her.
Tom often talks about his girlfriend.
Tom made a lot of money selling soap.
Tom just sat there, looking confused.
Tom isn't very likely to forget to do that.
Tom is visiting friends in Australia.
Tom is very pleased with the new car.
Tom is unlocking the doors right now.
Tom is unlikely to follow our advice.
Tom is trying to get some stuff done.
Tom is the smartest kid in the class.
Tom is the only one that can do that.
Tom is the one who started the rumor.
Tom is the one who did that for Mary.
Tom is the one the boss wants to see.
Tom is the one that started the fire.
Tom is the one that broke the window.
Tom is supposed to be here on Monday.
Tom is still wearing his winter coat.
Tom is sitting over there by himself.
Tom is sitting in the passenger seat.
Tom is sitting by himself over there.
Tom is serving a three-year sentence.
Tom is rich, but not as rich as Mary.
Tom is really good friends with Mary.
Tom is out taking his dog for a walk.
Tom is our designated driver tonight.
Tom is older than everyone else here.
Tom is older than all of his friends.
Tom is never going to know the truth.
Tom is much more intelligent than me.
Tom is living in a three-story house.
Tom is just minding his own business.
Tom is just about as tall as Mary is.
Tom is in the kitchen, making dinner.
Tom is hiding somewhere in the woods.
Tom is going to walk home by himself.
Tom is going to marry Mary next week.
Tom is going to have to deal with it.
Tom is going to do that this weekend.
Tom is getting ready for the meeting.
Tom hasn't yet read the instructions.
Tom hasn't been able to contact Mary.
Tom has moved into his new apartment.
Tom has been waiting for this letter.
Tom has already told Mary everything.
Tom gave up smoking for three months.
Tom forgot where he'd parked his car.
Tom doesn't like watching war movies.
Tom doesn't know anything about cars.
Tom and Mary were speaking in French.
Tom and Mary don't get along anymore.
It seems that Tom already knows that.
I told Tom that I was claustrophobic.
I think Tom is trying to fall asleep.
I still can't do that as well as Tom.
I hope that Tom keeps his mouth shut.
I forgot that Tom was your boyfriend.
I could hear Tom yelling at somebody.
Tom will probably do that on Monday.
Tom will be walking home by himself.
Tom will be staying with us tonight.
Tom will be spending the night here.
Tom will be riding on the other bus.
Tom went to the cafeteria for lunch.
Tom was the last one to fall asleep.
Tom was rescued by the search party.
Tom was really talkative last night.
Tom was living with us at that time.
Tom was here, but he's already left.
Tom was caught selling stolen goods.
Tom wants to ride the rollercoaster.
Tom talked to everyone at the party.
Tom stood in a line for three hours.
Tom still hasn't apologized to Mary.
Tom stayed in Boston for a few days.
Tom seems very reluctant to do that.
Tom seems to be sleepy all the time.
Tom seems to be irritated with Mary.
Tom seems to be hungry all the time.
Tom says he wants to walk Mary home.
Tom says he gets a lot of junk mail.
Tom ran through the room we were in.
Tom quit smoking when he was thirty.
Tom left his daughter alone at home.
Tom is wearing one of John's shirts.
Tom is walking towards us right now.
Tom is waiting for Mary to help him.
Tom is waiting for Mary to get here.
Tom is usually a lot busier than me.
Tom is three pounds lighter than me.
Tom is three pounds heavier than me.
Tom is three months older than Mary.
Tom is three inches shorter than me.
Tom is the only one who can help me.
Tom is the guy sitting next to Mary.
Tom is the guy Mary has been seeing.
Tom is the guy Mary has been dating.
Tom is sure he'll pass today's exam.
Tom is supposed to help us tomorrow.
Tom is supposed to be working today.
Tom is supposed to be in Boston now.
Tom is still wearing his sunglasses.
Tom is still playing that same game.
Tom is still on the basketball team.
Tom is sitting directly behind Mary.
Tom is scared for his older brother.
Tom is rocking in his rocking chair.
Tom is really a good friend of mine.
Tom is probably not very sleepy yet.
Tom is probably not very hungry now.
Tom is probably not able to do that.
Tom is probably in his mid-thirties.
Tom is probably a bit older than me.
Tom is planning to retire next year.
Tom is out running errands for Mary.
Tom is making coffee in the kitchen.
Tom is likely to show up any minute.
Tom is just trying to cheer Mary up.
Tom is in his room most of the time.
Tom is going to work this afternoon.
Tom is going to talk about his trip.
Tom is going to handle that himself.
Tom is getting ready for a busy day.
Tom is a year behind Mary in school.
Tom heard everything that Mary said.
Tom has made up his mind to do that.
Tom has been unable to contact Mary.
Tom has been trying to contact Mary.
Tom has been assigned to this group.
Tom encouraged Mary to stop smoking.
Tom encouraged Mary to learn French.
Tom doesn't treat his dog very well.
Tom didn't know about the new rules.
Tom brought Mary a plate of cookies.
Tom and his gang plan to rob a bank.
Tom and Mary visited John and Alice.
Tom and Mary are speaking in French.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to come.
I could hear Tom yelling at someone.
Tom wasn't walking on the sidewalk.
Tom was thirty when he got married.
Tom was the only one who helped me.
Tom was still angry when I saw him.
Tom was sitting very close to Mary.
Tom was sitting right next to Mary.
Tom was really freaked out by that.
Tom was quite talkative last night.
Tom was hoping to catch a big fish.
Tom wants to reschedule his flight.
Tom walks home from work every day.
Tom told me about his neighborhood.
Tom seems to be tired all the time.
Tom seemed very interested in that.
Tom seemed to be really interested.
Tom rode in the back of the pickup.
Tom put on John's shoes by mistake.
Tom probably isn't able to do that.
Tom may eat anything that he wants.
Tom just sat there looking at Mary.
Tom isn't ready to go to the party.
Tom is wearing the coat I gave him.
Tom is wearing a camouflage jacket.
Tom is waiting outside the library.
Tom is traveling with his children.
Tom is too drunk to even walk home.
Tom is throwing up in the bathroom.
Tom is thirteen and Mary is thirty.
Tom is the tallest man that I know.
Tom is the one who found my wallet.
Tom is supposed to know what to do.
Tom is supposed to be studying now.
Tom is still somewhere in the park.
Tom is still sleeping on the couch.
Tom is sleeping in the living room.
Tom is saving up to buy a sailboat.
Tom is one of Mary's ex-boyfriends.
Tom is now almost thirty years old.
Tom is nearly thirty years old now.
Tom is just trying to comfort Mary.
Tom is going to sleep on the couch.
Tom is going to like you, I'm sure.
Tom is going to graduate this year.
Tom is almost twice as old as Mary.
Tom has been verbally abusing Mary.
Tom has already told me everything.
Tom has already told me about that.
Tom got pushed out of the elevator.
Tom drifted downstream on the raft.
Tom didn't read the owner's manual.
Tom convinced me to change my mind.
Tom and I stay in contact by email.
It seems Tom is aware of that fact.
I'll have to speak to Tom about it.
I think they're overmedicating Tom.
I forgot that Tom was your husband.
Tom's flight was three hours late.
Tom's dream is to be an astronaut.
Tom works at an insurance company.
Tom will be moving back to Boston.
Tom will be meeting me here today.
Tom wasn't present at the meeting.
Tom was too scared to do anything.
Tom was thirteen when he met Mary.
Tom was thirteen when he did that.
Tom was seen climbing in a window.
Tom was just trying to scare Mary.
Tom wanted to know how to do that.
Tom walks to school every morning.
Tom walked slowly down the stairs.
Tom usually rides the bus to work.
Tom talks about his ex-wife a lot.
Tom still hasn't apologized to me.
Tom seemed to be in a lot of pain.
Tom sat in the row in front of me.
Tom rummaged through his backpack.
Tom needed some money to buy food.
Tom needed some money to buy some food.
Tom knows everybody here can swim.
Tom isn't good at telling stories.
Tom is watching a basketball game.
Tom is waiting for the school bus.
Tom is waiting for his girlfriend.
Tom is visiting friends in Boston.
Tom is very passionate about that.
Tom is very likely not to do that.
Tom is trying to help his parents.
Tom is trying to be nice about it.
Tom is traveling around Australia.
Tom is too old to live by himself.
Tom is the person who's in charge.
Tom is the person that trained me.
Tom is the owner of this building.
Tom is the only boy Mary talks to.
Tom is the one who has to do this.
Tom is still taking piano lessons.
Tom is still sleeping on the sofa.
Tom is still sitting on the couch.
Tom is still in elementary school.
Tom is somebody that I look up to.
Tom is sitting right next to Mary.
Tom is sitting directly behind us.
Tom sells things on the street.
Tom is riding his motorcycle home.
Tom is probably not very busy now.
Tom is planning on buying a house.
Tom is only three.
Tom is on the way to the hospital.
Tom is lucky that Mary isn't here.
Tom is just about as tall as Mary.
Tom is in the yard, raking leaves.
Tom is in the middle of a divorce.
Tom is in Boston most of the time.
Tom is hoping Mary will marry him.
Tom is good at playing the guitar.
Tom is going to sleep on the sofa.
Tom is going to join us for lunch.
Tom is busy cleaning a carburetor.
Tom is at the bookstore right now.
Tom has gone to the grocery store.
Tom has been writing Mary letters.
Tom has been spending a lot money.
Tom has been playing tricks on us.
Tom has been like a father for me.
Tom has been doing that all night.
Tom has a shag rug in his bedroom.
Tom got here right after Mary did.
Tom did all the cooking last week.
Tom comes over to our place a lot.
Tom and Mary both have brown hair.
Tom and I don't get along anymore.
Tom and I decided to share a taxi.
Tom always seems to be in a hurry.
It seems Tom's father is a lawyer.
I hope that I'll see Tom tomorrow.
I forgot that Tom was your cousin.
I forgot that Tom didn't eat meat.
How did you find out Tom was sick?
Tom's new teacher is Mr. Jackson.
Tom wouldn't let me go to Boston.
Tom will be there this afternoon.
Tom will be there for three days.
Tom will be staying home with me.
Tom washed the sand off his feet.
Tom was with Mary the whole time.
Tom was shocked by Mary's answer.
Tom was only here for three days.
Tom was just trying to scare you.
Tom was in Boston when Mary died.
Tom was in Boston for a few days.
Tom was happy to do that for Mary.
Tom wanted to buy some chocolate.
Tom wanted a home in the suburbs.
Tom walked back to his dormitory.
Tom took good care of Mary's dog.
Tom showed the documents to Mary.
Tom seems to be upset about that.
Tom seems to be proud of himself.
Tom seems to be in a lot of pain.
Tom pushed Mary off the elevator.
Tom often wears a Hawaiian shirt.
Tom needs some money to buy food.
Tom needed help digging the hole.
Tom knows everyone here can swim.
Tom knew that Mary couldn't swim.
Tom is wearing a blue sweatshirt.
Tom is very loyal to his friends.
Tom is very active in his church.
Tom is vacuuming the living room.
Tom is the person who trained me.
Tom is the employee of the month.
Tom is talking to Mary right now.
Tom is straightening up his room.
Tom is still somewhere on campus.
Tom is still holding Mary's hand.
Tom is still checking his emails.
Tom is still asleep on the couch.
Tom is someone that I look up to.
Tom is slightly taller than Mary.
Tom is sitting right behind Mary.
Tom is saving money to buy a car.
Tom is running as fast as he can.
Tom is really busy at the moment.
Tom is pretty sure he saw a wolf.
Tom is playing with his children.
Tom is playing in the front yard.
Tom is out riding his motorcycle.
Tom is one of my former students.
Tom is no longer married to Mary.
Tom is no longer learning French.
Tom is no longer able to help us.
Tom is just trying to scare Mary.
Tom is in Boston with his father.
Tom is helping Mary in the store.
Tom is good at playing the piano.
Tom is going to travel with Mary.
Tom is going to help his parents.
Tom is going to hate living here.
Tom is busy doing that right now.
Tom is almost as rich as Mary is.
Tom and I decided to share a cab.
It seems that Tom knows about it.
I think Tom's father is a lawyer.
I hope that Tom doesn't find out.
Tom said Mary tried to kill him.
Tom regrets that he couldn't go.
Tom is way younger than you are.
Tom is the person that hired me.
Tom is still lying on the couch.
Tom is planning on moving again.
It seems Tom already knows that.
I told Tom I was claustrophobic.
I hope Tom keeps his mouth shut.
I forgot Tom was your boyfriend.
Tom wasn't invited to the ball.
Tom is traveling with his kids.
Tom is too young to live alone.
Tom is the person who hired me.
Tom is still lying on the sofa.
Tom is in solitary confinement.
Tom doesn't do that any longer.
I'll never forget Tom's answer.
Tom told everybody about that.
Tom showed Mary the documents.
Tom is worried about his kids.
Tom is way older than you are.
Tom is upstairs with the kids.
Tom is sorry that he did that.
Tom is planning to move again.
Tom is now thirteen years old.
Tom is in Boston with his dad.
Tom is almost as rich as Mary.
Tom got here right after Mary.
I forgot Tom was your husband.
Tom will be there three days.
Tom was there for three days.
Tom told everyone about that.
Tom is too old to live alone.
Tom is talking with somebody.
Tom is somebody I look up to.
Tom is playing with his kids.
I hope I'll see Tom tomorrow.
I forgot Tom was your cousin.
I forgot Tom didn't eat meat.
Tom was pulled over by cops.
Tom was here for three days.
Tom walked back to his dorm.
Tom is way younger than you.
Tom is thirty years old now.
Tom is talking with someone.
It seems Tom knows about it.
I hope Tom doesn't find out.
Tom regrets he couldn't go.
Tom is younger than we are.
Tom is sitting on the sofa.
Tom is way older than you.
Tom is waiting for a taxi.
Tom is sure he'll succeed.
That's not the point, Tom.
That isn't the point, Tom.
Tom was there three days.
Tom says that he'll come.
Tom is waiting for a cab.
Tom is sorry he did that.
Tom is rude to everybody.
Tom is older than we are.
Tom is now almost thirty.
Tom is nearly thirty now.
Tom was here three days.
Tom is rude to everyone.
Tom got there before me.
I talked to Tom as well.
Tom is younger than us.
Tom misses his mother.
Tom is in the lab now.
I don't work with Tom.
Tom is older than us.
Tom is nearly thirty.
I talked to Tom, too.
Tom misses his mom.
Tom is in solitary.
Tom is Mary's dad.
I saw Tom as well.
I saw Tom, too.
For exercise, I go jogging almost every day as soon as I get home from work.
Tom's handwriting is terrible.
I was in my room and didn't hear what was happening in the living room.
Tom works with Mary sometimes.
We waited at the bus stop for a long time, but the bus never came.
Tom woke up three hours later.
It's almost always less expensive to buy things from a wholesaler.
Tom will tell Mary what to do.
Let's just grab a quick bite to eat and then get back to work.
Tom will spend the night here.
I don't even want to be around people who do things like that.
Tom will be walking Mary home.
Let's clean the living room first and then clean the kitchen.
Tom was there to protect Mary.
It's almost always cheaper to buy things from a wholesaler.
Tom was shocked by the answer.
We're going to be late for the concert if we don't hurry.
Tom was rescued by the police.
I eat only three meals a day and don't eat between meals.
Tom was probably lying to you.
I'm looking forward to being in Australia for Christmas.
Tom wants to sell his old car.
Dr. Jackson is the only doctor who knows how to do that.
Tom wants to help his parents.
You can't buy this kind of cheese at most supermarkets.
Tom wants to be Mary's friend.
Let's go to that new restaurant on Park Street tonight.
Tom tried to steal Mary's car.
It's still too early to tell whether it'll work or not.
Tom tried to help his parents.
It's still too early to know whether it'll work or not.
Tom tried his best not to cry.
I've been arrested three times since I moved to Boston.
Tom talked to Mary about John.
I don't always read the newspaper before going to work.
Tom still hangs out with Mary.
This movie is based on something that really happened.
Tom seems really disappointed.
Tom seemed to be uninterested.
Mr. Jackson isn't in the classroom with his students.
Tom needs to help his parents.
It's not unusual for students to do things like that.
Tom needs to buy a new bucket.
I've been mugged three times since I moved to Boston.
Tom is wearing a beanie today.
I'm not interested in learning how to play the piano.
Tom is watching a scary movie.
I think that you should buy yourself a new chain saw.
Tom is washing the silverware.
We must make every effort to get this done on time.
Tom is used to this lifestyle.
We have more important matters to discuss right now.
Tom is trying to get to sleep.
This is in one of the largest stadiums in the world.
Tom is trying to comfort Mary.
This is in one of the largest airports in the world.
Tom is too young to work here.
Let's make good use of the remaining daylight hours.
Tom is the son of a carpenter.
It's rude to interrupt people while they're talking.
Tom is the one being punished.
I'm not yet used to getting up early in the morning.
Tom is the fattest guy I know.
I'm not used to dealing with these kind of problems.
Tom is still wearing his coat.
I'm interested in learning how to cook Chinese food.
Tom is still speaking to Mary.
I'm going to do that exactly three minutes from now.
Tom is still in the classroom.
I think that you should buy yourself a new umbrella.
Tom is sitting in the balcony.
We'll just have to agree to disagree on this point.
Tom is sitting at Mary's desk.
This is in one of the largest museums in the world.
Tom is serving some customers.
I've been shot three times since I moved to Boston.
Tom is saving money for a car.
I'd like to live in Boston for the rest of my life.
Tom is right in front of Mary.
I think that you should buy yourself a new bicycle.
Tom is reading the manual now.
This is in one of the largest cities in the world.
Tom is reading in the kitchen.
Mr. Jackson is in the classroom with his students.
Tom is probably not awake yet.
It's not safe to walk in this park alone at night.
Tom is pretty good at his job.
I've lost a lot of weight since I started my diet.
Tom is prepared for the worst.
How long did it take you to get used to the smell?
Tom is playing a joke on Mary.
How long did it take you to get used to the noise?
Tom is out riding his bicycle.
Eating and drinking aren't allowed in the library.
Tom is more than twice my age.
You should really shouldn't drink so much coffee.
Tom is living in an apartment.
We should be able to finish this in a day or two.
Tom is in his room, unpacking.
I'm sure there's a rational explanation for this.
Tom is doing that really fast.
I think that you should buy yourself a new phone.
Tom is a member of this group.
Can you swallow all these pills at the same time?
Tom got out of prison in 2013.
This is in one of the largest zoos in the world.
Tom got caught stealing a car.
Mary's husband used to be married to her sister.
Tom goes to church every week.
Mary usually wears a bathing cap when she swims.
Tom and I don't work together.
Let's open the window and let in some fresh air.
Tom will be home before long.
I've lost thirty pounds since I started my diet.
Tom was very naive back then.
I take a walk before breakfast almost every day.
Tom was there when Mary died.
We need to take steps to rectify the situation.
Tom was the only one smiling.
We need to make sure this doesn't happen again.
Tom was still single in 2013.
We need to make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom was rescued by a fireman.
I'm still very worried about what might happen.
Tom was paid under the table.
I tried everything I could to make that happen.
Tom was here a long time ago.
I took off my clothes and got into the bathtub.
Tom usually wears blue socks.
I think that you should buy yourself a new car.
Tom stood behind the counter.
I looked in the box, but I didn't see anything.
Tom stepped off the elevator.
How many times a year do you go to the dentist?
Tom skipped school yesterday.
All that was on the table was a cup and saucer.
Tom sipped his glass of wine.
A lot has changed here in the last three years.
Tom seemed very disappointed.
You took the cookies out of the oven too soon.
Tom seemed really frustrated.
We're looking forward to seeing you in Boston.
Tom ran to the train station.
We need to finish doing this before nightfall.
Tom put on his coat to leave.
The scar on your chin isn't all that noticeable.
Tom pushed Mary off the dock.
Sometimes I wonder what you're thinking about.
Tom looked really interested.
I'd like to have you over for dinner sometime.
Tom is working in the garage.
What kind of birthday present would you like?
Tom is very tall for his age.
We're trying to figure out why that happened.
Tom is vacuuming his bedroom.
Mr. Jackson was the worst teacher I ever had.
Tom is trying to be friendly.
I'm going to learn how to do that eventually.
Tom is trapped under his car.
I wonder why so many of these nails are bent.
Tom is this building's owner.
We're waiting to see what's going to happen.
Tom is thinking about moving.
We're going to play basketball after school.
Tom is the youngest boy here.
We must make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom is the owner of this bar.
We ate corn on the cob for dinner yesterday.
This is exactly what we've been looking for.
Tom is the one who told Mary.
They're going to demolish that old building.
Tom is the one who messed up.
There must be some kind of misunderstanding.
Tom is the one who made this.
Mary's mother is just as charming as she is.
Tom is the one who made that.
Mary answered the door wearing a green robe.
Tom is talking to a customer.
Let me slip into something more comfortable.
I was in a lot of pain for a couple of days.
Tom is sweeping the sidewalk.
I plan to stay here for the rest of my life.
Tom is still wearing his hat.
I plan to live here for the rest of my life.
Tom is still taking a shower.
I lied when I said I didn't want to do that.
Tom is still in his thirties.
I got lost and needed to ask for directions.
Tom is still at Mary's house.
You're supposed to know what to do already.
Tom is staying with a friend.
You're going to look stupid if you do that.
Tom is recording a new album.
You took the cake out of the oven too soon.
Tom is playing with his dogs.
You should show those pictures to the boss.
Tom is playing with his cats.
We've been waiting for that to happen.
Tom is planning his vacation.
We're going to do some camping this summer.
Tom is particular about food.
We're going to a basketball game on Monday.
Tom is overreacting a little.
We spent three weeks in Boston last winter.
Tom is nice most of the time.
The Beatles sang this song in the key of G.
Tom is my next door neighbor.
Maybe it's all just a big misunderstanding.
Tom is meeting me here today.
Let's grab a bite to eat before we do that.
Tom is looking for his shoes.
Jackson is my last name, not my first name.
Tom is keeping a low profile.
It would be easy enough for you to do that.
Tom is in really big trouble.
I'm the only one with a key to this locker.
Tom is in a relationship now.
I'm just trying to figure out what's wrong.
Tom is here most of the time.
I'll be staying in Boston for three months.
Tom is going to try his best.
I want figure out how to solve the problem.
Tom is going to ride with us.
I still go to Boston at least once a month.
Tom is going to lose his job.
I need to get home before it gets too late.
Tom is John's other roommate.
You left the cookies in the oven too long.
Tom is John's former partner.
We're trying to figure out how to do that.
Tom has told Mary what to do.
We're in the process of selling our house.
Tom has told Mary everything.
We need to preserve our natural resources.
Tom has been stealing things.
We need to minimize the risk of infection.
Tom has been really generous.
We have to preserve our natural resources.
Tom has been read his rights.
These instructions don't make sense to me.
Tom has been protecting Mary.
Please buy at least three loaves of bread.
Tom got punched in the mouth.
Let's settle this matter once and for all.
Tom forgot to buy toothpaste.
It's the early bird that catches the worm.
Tom eyed the stranger warily.
It would be easy enough for me to do that.
Tom said that he'd explain the rules to me.
I'm in the mood to do something different.
Tom didn't cheat on the test.
I don't want to be here when that happens.
Tom did that for three years.
You should've explained everything to me.
Tom caught Mary by the wrist.
We're trying to think of something to do.
Tom behaved unprofessionally.
We're in the process of getting divorced.
Tom almost never wears boots.
We should be able to finish this by 2:30.
Tom was working at his desk.
We live in a little house on Park Street.
Tom was wearing his pajamas.
Please give me a call when you get there.
Tom was too scared to fight.
My children are in Boston for the summer.
Tom was there to protect us.
Tom was there to protect me.
Let me know if you run into any problems.
Tom was the only one crying.
I usually sing this song in the key of G.
Tom was single at that time.
I haven't played the piano in many years.
Tom was really disappointed.
I don't feel the urge to do that anymore.
Tom was probably just drunk.
I can see no reason why I should do that.
Tom was in a state of shock.
We're thinking about painting our house.
Tom was here the whole time.
We're obviously going to need more help.
Tom was freaked out by that.
We're hoping for good weather on Monday.
Tom wants to be on our team.
We're going to have a blizzard tomorrow.
Tom walks to work every day.
We need to proceed with extreme caution.
Tom walked down Park Street.
We need to avoid a scandal at all costs.
Tom tried to tell Mary that.
Sometimes I wonder what you're thinking.
Tom tried hard not to laugh.
Mary told me why she'd left her husband.
Tom stole Mary's sunglasses.
Let's try our best to finish this today.
Tom seems very disappointed.
Let's get together for a drink sometime.
Tom married a wealthy widow.
I've made up my mind to leave Australia.
Tom looked really terrified.
I've been subpoenaed to appear in court.
Tom isn't very easy to like.
I'd like to do something else right now.
Tom isn't used to the noise.
I need to find a way to make some money.
Tom is waiting for his food.
I need put a new lock on the front door.
Tom is waiting for a letter.
I don't know how long this will take us.
Tom is very tired right now.
How many times a month do you come here?
Tom is very similar to John.
Are your parents still living in Boston?
Tom is very confrontational.
You left the cake in the oven too long.
Tom is very a dangerous man.
We must preserve our natural resources.
Tom is very a dangerous guy.
The food at the party wasn't very good.
Tom is too old to work here.
It's rude to talk with your mouth full.
Tom is the last guy I dated.
I've already had three glasses of wine.
Tom is still playing tennis.
I'm really tired and need to go to bed.
Tom is still playing outside.
I'm going to study French this evening.
Tom is still on antibiotics.
I was shocked when I learned the truth.
Tom is still in his bedroom.
I hope we have better weather tomorrow.
Tom is still a car mechanic.
I don't know anything about this topic.
Tom is sitting on the chair.
Dr. Jackson is the only doctor in town.
Tom is shopping at the mall.
Are you going to the game this weekend?
Tom is scared of everything.
You're supposed to wear a bathing cap.
Tom is right in front of us.
Which one of these do you like better?
Tom is really, really happy.
We're thinking about moving to Boston.
Tom is really very talented.
We're thinking about buying a new house.
Tom is a really good guitarist.
We're just trying to have a good time.
Tom is a really good lawyer.
We're going to leave tomorrow evening.
Tom is really a good friend.
We tried our best to have a good time.
Tom is really a good dancer.
Translate these sentences into French.
Tom is reading Mary's diary.
There's nothing I can do to stop that.
Tom is practicing the piano.
May I borrow this book for a few days?
Tom is playing in the attic.
Mary is wearing an expensive necklace.
Tom is playing a video game.
Let's not worry about the details yet.
Tom is painting his bedroom.
Let's get together sometime next week.
Tom is packing his knapsack.
Let's all get together again tomorrow.
Tom is packing his backpack.
I've already had three cups of coffee.
Tom is out walking his dogs.
I'm praying for good weather tomorrow.
Tom is out skiing with Mary.
I'd be willing to do anything for you.
Tom is looking for his wife.
I was working in my office that night.
Tom is bad at telling jokes.
I put on my wife's glasses by mistake.
Tom is at the bookstore now.
Could you add up these numbers for me?
Tom is an ordained minister.
All I want to do is to make you happy.
Tom is a French teacher now.
You're supposed to know that already.
Tom has inherited some land.
You're supposed to be here on Monday.
Tom has been seriously hurt.
We're considering buying a new house.
Tom got home about midnight.
We must proceed with extreme caution.
Tom doesn't like what's going on.
We have a spelling test every Monday.
Tom's spelling is terrible.
Please buy at least three dozen eggs.
Tom yelled out Mary's name.
Let's talk about something different.
Tom was with us last night.
Let's start again from the beginning.
Tom was too scared to move.
Let's just relax and enjoy ourselves.
Tom was rude to my parents.
Let's get back to what we were doing.
Tom was really freaked out.
Let me think about it for a few days.
Tom usually wears a hoodie.
I'm tired of being treated like this.
Tom used to be my landlord.
I'm thinking about painting my house.
Tom tried to lock the door.
I'm interested in hearing that story.
Tom tried to get some rest.
I'd be very happy to do that for you.
Tom tried to get attention.
I have the same problems that you do.
Tom tried to distract Mary.
Have you ever seen a lamb being born?
Tom played a prank on Mary.
Do you think you could do that again?
Tom isn't ready for school.
"Why didn't you do that?" "I forgot."
Tom is wearing my slippers.
Will you be in Boston for Christmas?
Tom is wasting Mary's time.
Which one of these do you like best?
Tom is very underqualified.
When do you start serving breakfast?
Tom is unpacking his stuff.
We're used to things being this way.
Tom is unlikely to recover.
We're just minding our own business.
Tom is trying to apologize.
We need to come up with a good plan.
Tom is trapped in the cave.
Tom is the son of a doctor.
This movie is based on a true story.
Tom is still taking a bath.
This is what we've been looking for.
Tom is still looking at me.
Maybe someday we'll both meet again.
Tom is still in the shower.
Let's go for a drive in the country.
Tom is still getting ready.
Let's get rid of this old furniture.
Tom is still angry with us.
Let me think about this for a while.
Tom is sitting behind Mary.
Let me give you a tour of the house.
Tom is scrubbing the floor.
I'm thinking about buying a new house.
Tom is really, really nice.
I'm really happy with your decision.
Tom is really, really busy.
I'm going to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom is really good at that.
I lied when I said I didn't do that.
Tom is probably just drunk.
I have the same problem that you do.
Tom is our new bass player.
I have a pair of scissors in my bag.
Tom is one of our managers.
I don't use this dictionary anymore.
Tom is one of my coworkers.
Actually, Mary is my younger sister.
Tom is my sister's husband.
You have a lot of money, don't you?
Tom is making some popcorn.
What do you want me to buy for you?
Tom is good with his hands.
What are you doing in the basement?
Tom is downloading a video.
We're taking a vacation in October.
Tom is crossing the street.
We're counting on your cooperation.
Tom is already a celebrity.
We're all anxious about Tom's health.
Tom is a really strong guy.
We need to stock up for the winter.
Tom is a multi-millionaire.
We need to finish before nightfall.
Tom is John's new roommate.
We have to stock up for the winter.
Tom heard the alarm go off.
The victim was shot at close range.
Tom has told me everything.
The robbers were wearing ski masks.
Tom has told me about that.
Maybe you're right and I'm wrong.
Tom has been really grumpy.
Is there room in your canoe for me?
Tom has a minimum-wage job.
I'm leaving early tomorrow morning.
Tom didn't seem very alert.
I have the same problems as you do.
Tom didn't read the manual.
I don't know much about this topic.
Tom didn't accomplish much.
How many hours will I have to wait?
Doing that will be a piece of cake.
Tom watched a scary movie.
Boston somewhat similar to Chicago.
Tom washed the silverware.
You're supposed to tell the truth.
Tom was very nice to Mary.
You should take your dog with you.
Tom was really nice to me.
Why didn't you tell me about that?
Tom was outwitted by Mary.
We're waiting for the main course.
Tom was nasty to everyone.
We'll know the answer before long.
Tom was here, but he left.
We were too scared to do anything.
Tom was here to help Mary.
We watched a scary movie together.
Tom was caught doing that.
We should stock up for the winter.
Tom usually drinks coffee.
We have to hurry or we'll be late.
Tom tried to protect Mary.
We have to decide what to do next.
Tom swam out to the yacht.
We can't afford to make a mistake.
Tom still sucks his thumb.
This floor needs a good scrubbing.
Tom seemed very irritated.
The carpet in my bedroom is green.
Tom seemed really frantic.
Let's go out and play in the snow.
Tom ran after the chicken.
Let me introduce you to my friend.
Tom played a joke on Mary.
Let me help you on with your coat.
Tom looked really puzzled.
I've never seen a calf being born.
Tom looked really frantic.
I'm still very worried about that.
Tom is wearing blue jeans.
I'm saving this seat for a friend.
Tom is watching a cartoon.
I think I'm having a heart attack.
Tom is waiting in his car.
I hope I can find a parking space.
Tom is very busy nowadays.
I hate not being able to help you.
Tom is unpacking his bags.
I don't care what happens anymore.
Tom is trying to fix that.
How are you and your family doing?
Tom is studying chemistry.
Actually, Mary is my older sister.
Tom is still not an adult.
We're not too worried about that.
Tom is still lying to you.
We're going camping next weekend.
Tom is still following us.
We're expecting guests next week.
Tom is serious about that.
We scarcely ever do that anymore.
Tom is really, really shy.
We need to get there before 2:30.
Tom is really, really old.
We got it all done before sunset.
Tom is playing a new game.
Please help me fold the blankets.
Tom is part of this group.
My new shoes don't fit very well.
Tom is on the front porch.
Tom is in high school now.
Let's split the bill fifty-fifty.
Tom is in big trouble now.
Let's not dwell on past mistakes.
Tom is in a very bad mood.
Let's eat something before we go.
Tom is here with a friend.
Let's all chip in thirty dollars.
I'm starting to feel much better.
Tom is having a bad night.
I'll be leaving in a few minutes.
Tom is good enough for me.
Could you loan me thirty dollars?
We ought to plan for the future.
We must stock up for the winter.
Tom is an uninvited guest.
We can go there if you like.
Tom has got to be kidding.
Treat your friends with respect.
Tom has been spying on me.
This room needs to be aired out.
Tom has been nice to Mary.
This is your share of the money.
Tom had a very high fever.
May I see the wine list, please?
Tom got here pretty early.
Mary is looking for her husband.
Tom got caught doing that.
Let's see what happens tomorrow.
Tom gets paid once a week.
Let's go out for some fresh air.
Tom decided to go on foot.
Let me help you wash the dishes.
Tom cranked up the volume.
I'm rather skeptical about that.
Tom boiled himself an egg.
I'm making a lot more money now.
Tom's date was with Mary.
I'll be leaving Boston tomorrow.
Tom works with my father.
I wish I hadn't bought this car.
Tom works in a gift shop.
I was still single at that time.
Tom was upset about that.
I have no desire to do that now.
Tom was there by himself.
We've decided to travel by car.
Tom was skinny back then.
We're sick of your complaining.
Tom was single back then.
We spent three weeks in Boston.
Tom was just showing off.
We need to decide what to do next.
Tom wants to change jobs.
We must hurry or we'll be late.
Tom used to sell flowers.
We must decide what to do next.
Tom tried to poison Mary.
We may have some rain tomorrow.
Tom still plays the tuba.
We have to plan for the future.
Tom rinsed off the knife.
We didn't accomplish very much.
Tom ran to get some help.
We did that a week or more ago.
Tom ran down the hallway.
Tickets go on sale next Monday.
Tom played a prank on us.
This scarf was knitted by Mary.
Tom overreacted a little.
There was a fire at the church.
Tom is working full-time.
My mother taught me how to sew.
Tom is working full time.
My fingers were numb with cold.
Tom is walking Mary home.
Mr. Jackson is our gym teacher.
Tom is very professional.
Mary couldn't find her husband.
Tom is very easy to like.
Let's have a party next Monday.
Tom is used to the noise.
Let's go to Boston this summer.
Tom is uploading a video.
Let me think over until Monday.
Tom is still not talking.
I'm waiting for the school bus.
Tom is still fairly busy.
I'm trying to be a good person.
Tom is still doing drugs.
I'm looking for a butcher shop.
Tom is still at the mall.
I'm going to the grocery store.
Tom is staying in a dorm.
I was stunned by what happened.
Tom is skating with Mary.
Can you loan me thirty dollars?
Tom is sitting behind us.
Be careful not to tip this over.
Tom is screaming at Mary.
Are you going to be late today?
Tom is scared of my dogs.
We're searching for the truth.
Tom is scared of heights.
We should plan for the future.
Tom is rude to customers.
We should get a shopping cart.
Tom is rooming with John.
Our children are in Australia.
Tom is practicing scales.
Mr. Jackson is my gym teacher.
Tom is part of our group.
Maybe we should do that again.
Tom is now a millionaire.
Let's sit closer to the front.
Tom is living on his own.
Let me check your temperature.
Tom is going to move out.
Let me carry that box for you.
Tom is a stamp collector.
I've got to go home and study.
Tom has been quarantined.
I'm very skeptical about that.
Tom doesn't work with me.
I'm the happiest man on Earth.
Tom will know the truth.
I'm really confused right now.
Tom wiggled his fingers.
I'm in dire need of your help.
Tom was very nice to us.
I'm going to the liquor store.
Tom was very apologetic.
I read thirty books last year.
Tom was stung by a wasp.
I know whose umbrella this is.
Tom was seen doing that.
I can't help you until Monday.
Tom was really generous.
Can you give me a better deal?
Tom tried to frame Mary.
Yesterday was a very hot day.
Tom stole Mary's gloves.
Why is that dog following us?
Tom sleeps in the attic.
Whose idea was it to do that?
Tom ran to the bus stop.
We're nearly out of kerosene.
Tom pointed at the door.
We worked together as a team.
Tom played a joke on me.
We should help those in need.
Tom loves to go fishing.
We need to air out the house.
Tom is winning the game.
We had apple pie for dessert.
Tom is wearing my shoes.
We had a picnic last weekend.
Tom is wearing a hoodie.
We don't know where to start.
Tom is walking his dogs.
Let's take a break for lunch.
Tom is very disciplined.
Let's list the pros and cons.
Tom is upset about that.
Let's go for a walk together.
Tom is there by himself.
Let's forget the whole thing.
Tom is studying geology.
Let's all chip in some money.
Tom is studying biology.
I'm hopeful about the future.
Tom is still quite busy.
I'm going to a party tonight.
Tom is still a freshman.
I'll walk you to the station.
Tom is still a beginner.
I'd like to start over again.
Tom is skiing with Mary.
I was short a few dollars.
Tom is selling lemonade.
I want to keep a low profile.
Tom is really talkative.
I want to buy a wool sweater.
Tom is really fortunate.
I moved here three years ago.
Tom is really depressed.
I know whose bicycle this is.
Tom is ready to go home.
Does this look purple to you?
Tom is ready for school.
Boston is a lot like Chicago.
Tom is reading his mail.
You'll just have to wing it.
Tom is planting flowers.
Why are you in the basement?
Tom is kind of busy now.
Where did you buy this coat?
Tom is helping Mary now.
What is the capital of Iowa?
Tom is going to join us.
We're thinking about moving.
Tom is going to hurt us.
We're on a first name basis.
Tom is going to hate me.
We're in really big trouble.
Tom is a camp counselor.
We were stunned by the news.
Tom hung up Mary's coat.
We walk to school every day.
Tom has been shot again.
We took an hour lunch break.
Tom gave Mary chocolate.
We need more drinking water.
Tom doesn't sleep a lot.
We must plan for the future.
Tom was probably drunk.
We met at 2:30, as arranged.
Tom was pretty shocked.
We haven't had any luck yet.
Tom was in his pajamas.
We climbed back up the hill.
Tom was behaving oddly.
We can't leave until Monday.
Tom was afraid to talk.
We can go wherever you want.
Tom tried to sneak out.
We can go wherever you like.
Tom stole Mary's candy.
Let's ditch school tomorrow.
Tom seems really bored.
Tom scrubbed the floor.
I'm trying to get some rest.
Tom really likes pizza.
I want to break up with you.
Tom ran down the steps.
I tied the boat to the pier.
Tom needs more time to do that.
I suddenly got very worried.
Tom makes model planes.
I ride the subway to school.
Tom looked really hurt.
I have three pairs of shoes.
Tom likes jumping rope.
I asked my boss for a raise.
Tom is working tonight.
Are you going to tell on me?
Tom is still with Mary.
Your tie has a stain on it.
Tom is still down here.
We've both seen this movie.
Tom is still at Mary's.
We're waiting for our food.
Tom is still a toddler.
We're not hiring right now.
Tom is sitting outside.
We'll be there before long.
Tom is really generous.
We need to scrub the floor.
We need more storage space.
Tom is planting a tree.
We can't delay much longer.
Tom is petting his dog.
My test score was very low.
Tom is partially wrong.
My best friend is Canadian.
Mr. Jackson is the principal of the high school that Tom goes to.
May I see the menu, please?
Tom is packing his car.
Let's sing a duet together.
I saw Tom walking down Park Street in the middle of the night.
Let's rest under that tree.
Tom is packing his bag.
Let's eat out on the patio.
When the police entered the room, Tom was standing over Mary.
I'm trying to get to sleep.
Tom is our new drummer.
I'm never going back there.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want to go to Boston with him.
I was still single in 2013.
Tom is our bass player.
I was overwhelmed by grief.
I hear that Tom has been hanging out with an older woman.
I want to see you punished.
Tom forgot to buy eggs.
I want to do something fun.
We should try to finish doing this before Tom gets here.
I want nothing of the kind.
Tom arrived about noon.
I have heaps of work to do.
I waved at Tom who was on the other side of the street.
I didn't exactly mean that.
Tom was wearing boots.
I can't find my sunglasses.
I asked Tom what was going on, but he wouldn't tell me.
Do I have to I answer that?
Tom was totally wrong.
Can't you tell me anything?
For some strange reason, Tom is wearing a dress today.
Can we change the key to G?
Tom was really grumpy.
We're operating at a loss.
Mr. Jackson was Tom's French teacher for three years.
We're having stew tonight.
Tom tried to rob Mary.
We'll do that at any cost.
It'll be interesting to see if Tom keeps his promise.
We'll be there in no time.
Tom tried to get away.
We'll be home before long.
Let's hope that Tom hasn't signed the contract yet.
We swam in the cold water.
We need to obey the rules.
I saw Tom walking out of the bar at about midnight.
We didn't accomplish much.
Tom talks very slowly.
We ate a lot of ice cream.
We need to finish doing this before Tom gets here.
We aren't going to Boston.
Tom suddenly stood up.
This coffee is too strong.
We haven't seen or heard from Tom for a long time.
The odds are three to one.
Tom still hasn't left.
That's not an orange tree.
I saw Tom walking with his girlfriend in the park.
Sorry, I didn't mean that.
Tom slurred his words.
Please get ready to leave.
We haven't seen or heard from Tom in a long time.
My arm is still very sore.
Tom often wears boots.
My alarm went off at 6:30.
In mid-October 2013, Tom Jackson moved to Boston.
Let's play hooky tomorrow.
Tom is very laid-back.
Let me tell you the facts.
I saw Tom walking with his girlfriend last night.
I'm thinking about moving.
Tom is taller than us.
I'm not very good at golf.
I saw Tom this afternoon with his new girlfriend.
I was stunned by the news.
Tom is really annoyed.
I sat in front of the fan.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to cook dinner tonight.
I refuse to tell you that.
Tom is playing a game.
Neither Tom nor Mary has regained consciousness.
I don't like Italian food.
Tom is planting trees.
How big a jar do you need?
Neither Tom nor Mary has made a serious mistake.
How big a box do you need?
Tom is our new singer.
Why are you in the attic?
You should write and thank Tom for the present.
Who turned on the lights?
Tom is making a salad.
We're leaving about noon.
Why has Tom been digging holes in his backyard?
We'll be home in no time.
Tom is just a toddler.
We watched a scary movie.
We must finish doing this before Tom gets here.
We try to obey the rules.
Tom is here at school.
We should get there soon.
Mr. Jackson sent Tom to the principal's office.
We need to start at once.
Tom is a real nutcase.
We have to start at dawn.
It was very kind of you to lend Tom some money.
We can't go until Monday.
Tom is Mary's trainer.
Put the boxes over there.
I hope that Tom hasn't signed the contract yet.
Please drop by next week.
Tom gets paid in cash.
Please don't let me down.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want to do that.
My mother died last year.
Tom does that at home.
My friend isn't Canadian.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't need to do that.
Let's not get hysterical.
Tom didn't write that.
Let's go for a bike ride.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't have to do that.
Let's drive to the beach.
Tom was uninterested.
Let us hear your opinion.
We fired Tom because he was rude to customers.
Let me hang up your coat.
Tom was unapologetic.
Let me be frank with you.
To tell the truth, I don't like Tom very much.
I'm making a good living.
Tom was a gold miner.
I'm going to try my best.
Let's hope Tom hasn't signed the contract yet.
I'll be home before long.
Tom turned very pale.
I went on board the ship.
I'm sick of you always complaining about Tom.
I tried to get some rest.
Tom still plays golf.
I hated living in Boston.
I really regret what I said to Tom yesterday.
I get a lot of junk mail.
Tom stalked the deer.
Do you like jumping rope?
As far as I know, Tom didn't break any rules.
Yes, that's what I mean.
Tom spilled his soup.
We're sailing southward.
I don't know what Tom is doing in Australia.
We'll leave at daybreak.
Tom spilled his beer.
We should start at once.
I don't know if Tom is in the office or not.
We need to fix the roof.
Tom ran out the door.
We had cake for dessert.
We're completely dependent upon Tom's help.
We had a marvelous time.
Tom ran away from us.
It could easily be done.
I'm smart enough to listen to Tom's advice.
Is your friend Canadian?
Tom polished his car.
I'm thinking about that.
Do you know what Tom's favorite colors are?
I'll pay for the drinks.
Tom makes good salad.
I was still single then.
You should've explained everything to Tom.
I was broke at the time.
Tom looked tired out.
I heard a car door slam.
We're looking forward to seeing Tom again.
I have to catch the bus.
Tom laughed too loud.
I felt totally helpless.
We need to keep Tom from doing that again.
I don't like being sick.
Tom is wearing boots.
I decided to go on foot.
The last time I saw Tom was at your party.
I couldn't stop yawning.
Tom is upset with us.
Hold your pen like this.
I hope Tom hasn't signed the contract yet.
Do you have many guests?
Tom is totally wrong.
Why did you write this?
Are you going to see Tom before you leave?
Tom is totally blind.
We're so glad you came.
You shouldn't show those pictures to Tom.
We were just kids then.
Tom is tired of Mary.
We had to abandon ship.
Why don't you just tell Tom how you feel?
This is a local custom.
Tom is still smiling.
The list was very long.
We should've explained everything to Tom.
Put the box over there.
Tom is still in pain.
My umbrella is missing.
I don't know what Tom is doing in Boston.
My passport is missing.
Tom is scared of snakes.
My husband is Canadian.
Do you know what Tom's favorite movie is?
May I use your bicycle?
Tom is really stupid.
Mary is a pretty woman.
We're never going to tell Tom the truth.
Let's talk over coffee.
Tom is really grumpy.
Let's meet at the mall.
Sometimes I wonder what Tom is thinking.
Let's get back to camp.
Tom is really creepy.
Is this your jump rope?
Neither Tom nor Mary has helped me much.
I'm still very worried.
Tom is pretty stupid.
I'm kind of hungry now.
I'm buying a new piano.
Tom is packing a gun.
I owe my parents a lot.
I should've explained everything to Tom.
I need to study French.
Tom is newly married.
I don't type very fast.
I don't know what Tom is doing tomorrow.
I don't know precisely.
Tom is my supervisor.
You must've forgotten.
Did you go to Tom's concert last Monday?
Would you like for me to leave?
Tom is my accountant.
Why did you want that?
It looks like Tom is still embarrassed.
Who is this other guy?
Tom is mild-mannered.
We'll never surrender.
It looks like Tom is going to throw up.
We demanded a recount.
Tom is going to work.
We can't afford a car.
I wouldn't mess with Tom if I were you.
This is a fire hazard.
Tom is a pal of mine.
This can be explained.
I saw Tom sitting in his rocking chair.
My son is in the army.
Tom is a folk singer.
My friend is Canadian.
Your new office will be next to Tom's.
Let's drive to Boston.
Tom buckled his belt.
I'm kind of tired now.
I was asleep by the time Tom got home.
I was unaware of that.
Tom wrote that down.
I was there by myself.
I saw Tom walking with his girlfriend.
I must do that anyway.
Tom was really slow.
I did that by mistake.
I regret what I said to Tom yesterday.
I admire you for that.
Tom was really rude.
Come back to my place.
I've told Tom why Mary wants do that.
Are your parents here?
Tom was lucky today.
Why did you write it?
I'm going to write Tom a long letter.
Who stole your money?
Tom spilled his tea.
What's the score now?
I saw Tom sneaking out the back door.
We've done our share.
Tom shaves his head.
We're open till 6:30.
I lied when I said I didn't know Tom.
We're not beaten yet.
Tom sat on his desk.
We went for a stroll.
I've never heard Tom sing that song.
We quit work at five.
Tom rooms with John.
We ate smoked salmon.
I told Tom why he needed to do that.
That's an apple tree.
Tom looked troubled.
Prices are high here.
Do you know why Tom's wife left him?
My hat was blown off.
Tom looked paranoid.
Let's return to camp.
Actually, Tom is my younger brother.
It's my turn to cook.
Tom lives all alone.
I'm very, very tired.
I heard Tom singing in the kitchen.
I'm still interested.
Tom isn't qualified.
I'm kind of busy now.
Why is Tom sitting at Mary's desk?
I hurt my right foot.
Tom is uninterested.
We're depending on Tom to do that.
Could I get a refill?
Tom is twice my age.
Are you a risk taker?
We shouldn't allow Tom to do that.
What an opportunity!
Tom is totally deaf.
We've been defeated.
I saw Tom walking down the street.
We'll leave at dawn.
Tom is still a baby.
We were lucky today.
Ask Tom whether he'll come or not.
Our house is a mess.
Tom is staying here.
My dog doesn't bite.
Actually, Tom is my older brother.
Mary is a widow now.
Tom is sitting down.
Let me lead the way.
We must keep Tom from doing that.
It's past my curfew.
Tom is single again.
It's my turn to bat.
I'm thinking about Tom right now.
I'm green with envy.
Tom is scaring Mary.
I'm aching all over.
I told Tom why he should do that.
I was already awake.
Tom is really young.
I use worms as bait.
I told Tom why he had to do that.
I regret my actions.
Tom is really sweet.
I like Italian food.
I know Tom, but I don't like him.
I can swear to that.
Tom is really bored.
I acted like a fool.
We need to allow Tom to do that.
Don't be such a pig.
Tom is pretty scary.
Don't be so pompous.
We should wait until Tom comes.
Don't be so naughty.
Tom is pretty drunk.
Do we have a quorum?
We should allow Tom to do that.
Arsenic is a poison.
Tom is paid in cash.
You sing very well.
We all helped Tom dig the hole.
Which way is south?
Tom is out partying.
Which way is north?
I heard Tom playing the violin.
We need extra help.
Tom is on the patio.
Vinegar is an acid.
To tell the truth, I hate Tom.
This is your share.
Tom is in his store.
Put the boxes here.
I'm sick of Tom's complaining.
My arm still aches.
Tom is a gold miner.
May I use your pen?
I was shocked by Tom's answer.
Mary is an actress.
Tom has good vision.
Look at page three.
I invited Tom over for supper.
Let's go for a run.
Tom has false teeth.
Keep the rope taut.
I'm here by myself.
Tom has a brown hat.
I'll walk you home.
Why did Tom's wife leave him?
I won't oppose you.
Tom didn't buy eggs.
I wish to be alone.
Who cares when Tom does that?
I opposed the plan.
Tom cooked me lunch.
I hate being alone.
We shouldn't let Tom do that.
I dropped my spoon.
Tom strangled Mary.
I demand a recount.
We must allow Tom to do that.
How about a refill?
Tom sells lemonade.
Gambling is a vice.
I told Tom to come to Boston.
Did you get my fax?
Tom screamed at me.
Which way is west?
I got a long letter from Tom.
Which way is east?
Tom plays the tuba.
What a crazy idea!
Ask Tom if he'll come or not.
Tidy up your room.
Tom loves to skate.
This nail is bent.
What else we can do for Tom?
Please scoot over.
Tom looks paranoid.
Pepper is a spice.
I'd like to marry Tom again.
Tom is very mature.
My gloves are wet.
We need to let Tom do that.
Let's sing a duet.
Tom is unqualified.
Let me think over.
It's Tom's fault, not mine.
It's worth a look.
Tom is really slow.
It's a crazy idea.
I want to believe you, Tom.
Is there a quorum?
Tom is our drummer.
I'm lousy at golf.
How did Tom's interview go?
I'm a slow typist.
Tom is on a cruise.
I'll lead the way.
Why does Tom look so pale?
I'll be over soon.
Tom is in the band.
I'd like a refill?
We should let Tom do that.
I wrote that down.
Tom is half my age.
I was lucky today.
Maybe I misunderstood Tom.
I hate this class.
Tom bid Mary adieu.
I hate that noise.
Mary is Tom's real mother.
I dropped my fork.
Tom works with me.
I can smell gas.
I've been honest with Tom.
Hold on to my arm.
Tom told me a lie.
Drop by next week.
You are imaginative, Tom.
Don't tip it over.
Tom is very weird.
Don't call me sir.
Why should Tom want that?
Do as you see fit.
Tom is too polite.
Whose duty is it?
We must let Tom do that.
We close at 6:30.
Tom is really shy.
Try to get along.
We have to get Tom back.
Skim off the fat.
Tom is practicing.
Quit lying to me.
We can't do without Tom.
Put the box here.
Tom is fairly old.
My shoes are wet.
I saw Tom skateboarding.
It's just a joke.
Tom is a real pro.
I'll fill you in.
We're lodging with Tom.
I'd like a steak.
Tom is a busybody.
I cracked a joke.
I'm sure Tom will come.
Finish your milk.
Tom invited me in.
Can't you fix it?
I suppose Tom is right.
We woke at dawn.
Tom died a pauper.
We came on foot.
Let's leave Tom alone.
My shirt is wet.
Tom was paranoid.
My legs are sore.
Is Tom feeling better?
It was a breeze.
Tom was a genius.
I'll do my part.
Don't be foolish, Tom.
I itch all over.
Tom must be told.
I hurt all over.
Why should Tom do it?
I have to hurry.
Tom may well win.
I feel let down.
Was Tom kind to Mary?
I can't keep up.
I can jump rope.
I guess Tom is rich.
I bid you adieu.
Tom is very late.
Cookie is Tom's dog.
Men are mortal.
Tom is qualified.
I'm filling in.
Close the door, Tom.
I woke at dawn.
Tom is our coach.
I love to bake.
Tell me who Tom is.
I lit a candle.
Tom is one of us.
I have to rush.
Did you touch Tom?
Honey is sweet.
Tom is a bad kid.
Eat your lunch.
Did Tom know this?
Who did do it?
Tom had a motive.
Where's home?
A bee stung Tom.
What's money?
Tom got the boot.
Hey, wake up.
Thank you, Tom.
My dog died.
Tom is paranoid.
Hey, get up.
He's Tom.
Tom is overseas.
I don't like people asking me to do things for them.
Tom is already suspicious.
All of my classmates are better at French than I am.
Tom is a pretty good cook.
Some of these books are interesting, others aren't.
Tom wished he knew where Mary lived.
Maybe it wouldn't be wise to do that by yourselves.
We should ask Tom to come and work for us.
Maybe it wouldn't be safe to do that by yourselves.
Tom is a member of a cult.
It would probably be wise to do that by yourselves.
Tom will visit Mary on October 20th.
It would probably be easy to do that by yourselves.
The heat didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
It won't be as interesting to do that as you think.
Tom is a fairly good cook.
I've begun to have doubts that that'll ever happen.
Tom will argue with Mary about that.
I was going to do that, but I never got the chance.
The cold didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
I want to watch either a comedy or an action movie.
Tom is a dental hygienist.
I thought I told you not to buy any more junk food.
I spend about an hour a day practicing my clarinet.
It's only been three weeks since Tom died.
I just opened the door a little to let in some air.
Tom is a convicted killer.
I don't remember where you said you graduated from.
Tom tried doing what Mary suggested.
How much money do quality control specialists make?
It's not obvious why Tom wants to do that.
Do you think you can climb to the top of this tree?
Tom heard the whole thing.
Do you think there's a chance that you can do that?
Tom stood a few feet away from Mary.
You're supposed to do that yourselves, aren't you?
It's not obvious why Tom needs to do that.
You'll have many chances to do that in the future.
Tom hated Boston at first.
You know you're not allowed to be here, don't you?
Tom might be able to fix Mary's car.
You haven't been fishing in a long time, have you?
It was difficult, but Tom didn't complain.
You don't necessarily have to go there yourselves.
Tom has sold his business.
Who do you think is the best singer in your class?
Tom knows more about that than Mary.
What do you want me to do with this piece of rope?
It seemed like Tom didn't want to tell me.
We'll just have to do whatever they tell us to do.
Tom has moved out of town.
We won't be allowed to do that until we get older.
Tom isn't interested in Mary at all.
We need to decide what's important and what isn't.
It looks like Tom is absolutely disgusted.
We may never have another chance to do this again.
Tom has just been injured.
We don't yet know how much it's all going to cost.
Tom is the only boy Mary has kissed.
We don't hang out together as often as we used to.
It looks like Tom can't do that very well.
This kind of tomato tastes better cooked than raw.
Tom has calmed down a bit.
There was nothing wrong with the way you did that.
Tom is only a bit younger than Mary.
If you continue doing that, you'll get in trouble.
It doesn't matter to me how Tom does that.
I'm willing to help you do that if you want me to.
Tom has already graduated.
I'm sorry, but I don't have time to do that today.
Tom is just a bit younger than Mary.
I'm pretty pleased with the way things worked out.
In my opinion, what Tom said is incorrect.
I'm pretty pleased with the way things turned out.
Tom had a mug in his hand.
I'm not used to dealing with this kind of problem.
Tom is helping Mary clean the house.
I'm looking forward to the opportunity to do that.
I've been waiting for Tom for three hours.
Tom gave us a tour of Boston.
I went to the supermarket and bought a bag a rice.
I was very pleased with the way things turned out.
I'm supposed to help Tom do that tomorrow.
I was feeling lazy and didn't want to do anything.
Tom doesn't mind the work.
I was about to go outside when it started raining.
Tom is afraid of what Mary might do.
I want to know where I can buy something to drink.
I'm not doing that the way Tom told me to.
I saw a bunch of drunk people dancing in the park.
Tom doesn't like his name.
I had the chance to do that, but I decided not to.
Tom invited Mary to stay for dinner.
I don't have enough cookies to give everybody one.
I'll help you, but I don't think Tom will.
I don't eat anything except fruits and vegetables.
Tom doesn't eat very much.
I don't actually live within Boston's city limits.
Tom hit Mary right between the eyes.
I did want things to happen the way they happened.
I wondered why Tom wasn't eating anything.
I broke into my own house because I'd lost my key.
Tom didn't like the party.
I bent down to pick up a coin I saw on the ground.
Tom has been giving Mary bad advice.
How many museums do you think there are in Boston?
I wonder how long Tom will stay in Boston.
How can you get a chicken bone out of your throat?
Tom didn't like the movie.
Do you still go to Boston as often as you used to?
Tom got angry because Mary was late.
Do you need more time to finish what you're doing?
I was about to go outside when Tom called.
Do you consider yourselves fluent French speakers?
Tom defeated his opponent.
Are you going to be able to do that by yourselves?
Tom expects me to help Mary do that.
You should've been able to do that by yourselves.
You should do that now while you have the chance.
Tom couldn't find his hat.
You obviously don't know much about this subject.
Tom doesn't want to dance with Mary.
Would you like to hang out together this evening?
I told Tom who I wanted to get married to.
Would you like to do something interesting today?
Tom can't stay for dinner.
Would you be interested in collaborating with us?
Tom doesn't plan to give Mary money.
Why didn't you ride your bicycle to school today?
I have no idea what Tom ate for breakfast.
We have about thirty cans of beans in the cellar.
Tom can't hear us, I hope.
We don't do that together as often as we used to.
Tom corrected what Mary had written.
We always knew that eventually this would happen.
I have no idea how Tom managed to do that.
There's nothing wrong with how you're doing that.
Tom can't find his gloves.
There's no shortage of people willing to help us.
Tom can't keep Mary from doing that.
The flowers are for you. The chocolate is for me.
I expected Tom to do that on October 20th.
That was already there when I came into the room.
Tom can't drive very well.
Please stop trying to be funny. Just be yourself.
Tom brought Mary to Boston with him.
Please hang your coat on the hook behind the door.
I don't want Tom to know how much I weigh.
My weight hasn't changed in the last three years.
Tom can't control his dog.
Most of us don't care whether you do that or not.
Tom brought Mary something to drink.
It'll only take you about three hours to do that.
I don't remember what Tom was like before.
It would be a good idea to do that by yourselves.
Tom can wait, but I can't.
It won't be necessary to come back here tomorrow.
Tom broke up with Mary last weekend.
It won't be as dangerous to do that as you think.
I don't intend to meet Tom at the airport.
If you want to order a pizza, then order a pizza.
Tom can tie his own shoes.
If you stop worrying, you might enjoy yourselves.
Tom borrowed thirty bucks from Mary.
I've seen things a lot more impressive than this.
I don't want to eat what Tom made for me.
I'm proud of what you've been able to accomplish.
Tom came home early today.
I'm only going to give you one chance to do that.
Tom blamed Mary for what went wrong.
I'm interested in learning how to play the piano.
I didn't want Tom to see what I was doing.
I'm going to keep this key in my top desk drawer.
Tom called the cops on us.
I'm going to give you one more chance to do that.
Tom asked Mary where she'd grown up.
I'll help you do that as soon as I finish eating.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston with us.
I'd like to thank you for everything you've done.
Tom called after midnight.
I'd go to Boston again if I had the chance to.
Tom asked Mary where he should park.
I thought I'd stop by and see how you were doing.
I didn't expect Tom to be so good-looking.
I think I can explain that so you can understand.
Tom brought us some gifts.
I should've gone swimming while I had the chance.
Tom asked Mary to wait until Monday.
I refused to stay at home and went out of a walk.
I didn't tell Tom where I'd bought my umbrella.
I might be the only one who knows how to do that.
Tom brought me a sandwich.
I have a long list of stuff I want to throw away.
Tom asked Mary to take care of John.
I don't yet know how much it's all going to cost.
I couldn't say anything to Tom about that.
I don't think I have the energy to walk that far.
Tom auditioned for a play.
I don't spend a lot of time thinking about money.
Tom asked Mary to stop emailing him.
I don't remember where I was on my last birthday.
I could probably stop Tom from doing that.
I don't know how long it'll take me to get there.
Tom ate a salad for lunch.
I can't wait to find out if I got the job or not.
Tom asked Mary to stay and help him.
I always eat breakfast at 6:30, even on weekends.
I could probably keep Tom from doing that.
Did you enjoy yourselves at the party last night?
Tom and John look similar.
Could you come over to my place after work today?
Tom asked Mary to stay a bit longer.
All you have to do is to take care of yourselves.
I could get Tom to show us how to do that.
You're doing pretty well. Keep up the good work.
Tom almost broke his neck.
You'd probably be able to do that by yourselves.
Tom asked Mary to go somewhere else.
You don't really know much about Boston, do you?
What Tom said didn't make a lot of sense.
You don't necessarily have to go there yourself.
Tom allowed me to do that.
You didn't actually do that yourselves, did you?
Tom asked Mary to close the windows.
Where did you find the inspiration for all this?
We're not allowed to tell Tom what to do.
What's the difference between chopped and diced?
Tom wrote some postcards.
We're probably going to be busy on October 20th.
Tom asked Mary to ask John to leave.
We don't travel together as often as we used to.
We expect Tom to do that on October 20th.
Today's basketball game wasn't very interesting.
Tom works at a pet store.
Today's basketball game wasn't that interesting.
Tom asked Mary not to sit with John.
The house I grew up in was demolished last week.
We expect Tom to be back on October 20th.
Neither of us has to go back to Boston tomorrow.
Tom won't do that for me.
Most people here aren't very good at doing that.
Tom asked Mary how much she'd spent.
It would be unethical for me to talk about that.
The rumor that Tom ate my cat isn't true.
I've never worked with this kind of wood before.
Tom will want us to stay.
I've found some of the things I was looking for.
Tom asked Mary a bunch of questions.
I've already done everything I'm supposed to do.
The door opened and Tom entered the room.
I'm really happy with the way things turned out.
Tom will want me to help.
I'm proud of what we've been able to accomplish.
Tom and Mary were afraid to do that.
I'm not used to making these kinds of decisions.
The doctor told Tom to eat less red meat.
I'm not used to getting up early in the morning.
Tom will never be famous.
I'm not interested in learning how to tap dance.
Tom and Mary ordered the same thing.
I'm doing a lot more pushups now than I used to.
Quite a lot of people saw Tom doing that.
I'm disappointed with the way things turned out.
Tom will know the answer.
I'll definitely get a chance to do that someday.
Tom and Mary have to leave tomorrow.
I'd like to be informed if anything bad happens.
It's past 2:and Tom is still not here.
I wonder how much money that's going to cost us.
Tom will do that with us.
I won't be able to do that once I get to Boston.
Tom and Mary have had some problems.
I was reluctant to do that, but I did it anyway.
It won't be necessary for Tom to do that.
I was both excited and nervous at the same time.
Tom will certainly agree.
I want to know where I can buy a hat like yours.
Tom and Mary have both been injured.
I think that you should reexamine the situation.
It almost sounds like Tom is missing you.
I have a long list of things I need to do today.
Tom will arrive tomorrow.
I had trouble understanding what was being said.
Tom and Mary got engaged in October.
I don't want you to do that unless I'm with you.
I've never heard Tom complain about work.
I don't know how much money we're going to need.
Tom will agree with that.
I don't actually live inside Boston city limits.
Tom and Mary don't want to be there.
I didn't know if I should accept the job or not.
I've never heard Tom complain about that.
I could probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom waved as he drove by.
I can't wait to find out what's going to happen.
Tom and Mary aren't very happy here.
I can't go to the science museum with you today.
I've decided to do that after Tom leaves.
Tom was my last roommate.
Could you please speak louder? I can't hear you.
Tom and Mary aren't able to do that.
Cleaning out the rain gutters is never much fun.
I'm not going to tell Tom my middle name.
Chuck's Diner makes the best hamburgers in town.
Tom was here last Monday.
An old man was at the gate checking the tickets.
Tom and Mary are running a con game.
You'll tell me if there's a problem, won't you?
I'm going to have to tell Tom everything.
You'd better eat now while you have the chance.
Tom was genuinely scared.
You weren't really going to say that, were you?
Tom and Mary are going to hate this.
You should try to figure it out for yourselves.
I'll give Tom one more chance to do that.
You should boil this water before you drink it.
Tom was drunk last night.
You ought to eat now while you have the chance.
Tom and Mary are anxious to do that.
You haven't been here in a long time, have you?
I'll do that, but I don't think Tom will.
You don't look like you're enjoying yourselves.
Tom was allowed to leave.
You can't have pets in this apartment building.
Neither Tom nor Mary was handcuffed.
Why didn't you ride your bicycle to work today?
I'd like to know why Tom doesn't like me.
Why are you still standing outside in the rain?
Tom was allowed to drive.
What you're looking for is on the bottom shelf.
Neither Tom nor Mary has much money.
What kind of music do you listen to most often?
I wouldn't worry about what Tom might do.
What are some common dog names in your country?
Tom wants us to help him.
We had the chance to do that, but chose not to.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been today.
We don't see each other as often as we used to.
I wonder why they picked Tom for the job.
We both knew that eventually this would happen.
Tom used to be a janitor.
The stew should be warmed up before you eat it.
Mary wore a blue dress to the party.
The house I grew up in was torn down last week.
That was the first time I'd ever drunk tequila.
I wonder who Tom gave his old trumpet to.
Preparations for the party are nearly complete.
Most people think that pit bulls are dangerous.
Mary was buried next to her husband.
It would be dangerous to do that by yourselves.
Tom promised you that he wouldn't do that, didn't he?
It looked like you weren't enjoying yourselves.
I wonder if I should tell Tom what to do.
I've been trying to resist the urge to do that.
Tom took good care of me.
I'm very disappointed in how things turned out.
Mary met her third husband at a gym.
I'm sorry, but there's no other way to do this.
You and Tom are really good friends, aren't you?
I'm sick of eating at the same place every day.
I wasn't sure if I wanted Tom to do that.
I'm proud of what I've been able to accomplish.
Tom thinks I can do that.
I'm just learning how things work around here.
Mary is your twin sister, isn't she?
I'm grateful for everything you've done for us.
Tom is more intelligent than Mary thinks.
You didn't give Tom much of a choice, did you?
I wonder if it's safe to do that by yourselves.
I was surprised when I heard Tom singing.
I want to eat either Chinese food or Thai food.
Tom stood on his tiptoes.
I thought I told you to handle this yourselves.
Mary is your only sister, isn't she?
I remember that last October we were very busy.
Why is it OK for Tom to do that, but not me?
I know lots of people who can't cook very well.
I was pretty surprised when Tom did that.
I don't want my neighbors to feel sorry for me.
Tom seemed pretty sleepy.
I don't like people bothering me when I'm working.
Mary is very devoted to her husband.
I don't know if I should accept the job or not.
Tom told you about what we did, didn't he?
I don't know how long it'll take me to do that.
I told Tom to give up on that crazy idea.
I can't wait to find out how I did on the test.
Tom seemed a bit worried.
I always brush my teeth after eating breakfast.
I used to hear Tom and Mary arguing.
How did you get yourselves into this situation?
Tom didn't say anything about it, did he?
Come over here and warm yourselves by the fire.
I liked Tom more before he became famous.
Both of my grandfathers died before I was born.
Tom seemed a bit jealous.
Are all four of your grandparents still living?
I told Tom why Mary didn't like him.
You're going to have to do that by yourselves.
Tom spoke with you in French, didn't he?
You'll never be able to do that by yourselves.
I haven't sent those pictures to Tom yet.
You won't be allowed to do that by yourselves.
Tom sat right next to me.
You should go ahead and do that by yourselves.
I told Tom what Mary thought of him.
You could easily have done that by yourselves.
Tom isn't very likely to do that, is he?
Why don't you get yourselves something to eat?
I don't understand much of what Tom says.
What kind of vegetables do you eat most often?
Tom sat next to the fire.
Weren't you supposed to do that by yourselves?
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all left.
Were you happy with the way things turned out?
Tom is living in Boston now, isn't he?
We have no chance of winning the championship.
I don't know where Tom will be next year.
We don't yet know how much it's going to cost.
We don't know where we'll be living next year.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all know.
Most people here can't speak French very well.
Tom is just like his father, isn't he?
Most of us have never been to another country.
I don't know if Tom is doing that or not.
It's only about a three-minute walk from here.
Tom never got to do that.
It'll be necessary to come back here tomorrow.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all knew.
It won't be as boring to do that as you think.
Tom is in his room sleeping, isn't he?
It wasn't what I ordered, but I ate it anyway.
I don't know how Tom was able to do that.
It took a long time for me to write this book.
Tom needs to be woken up.
I've done thousands of pushups over the years.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all died.
I've decided not to do that until next Monday.
Tom is going tomorrow night, isn't he?
I've been thinking about this for a long time.
I don't expect Tom to do that by himself.
I'm trying to figure out what you ought to do.
Tom made fools of us all.
I'm really not worried about the weather.
Tom wondered why Mary was blushing.
I'm pretty stupid when it comes to computers..
Tom is going to wait for me, isn't he?
I'm pretty pleased with how things worked out.
I could probably convince Tom to do that.
I'm pretty pleased with how things turned out.
Tom made a good decision.
I'm pretty interested in doing that right now.
Tom won't go shopping without Mary.
I'm not interested in learning how to do that.
Tom is going to try to help, isn't he?
I'm looking forward to seeing you next summer.
You should really tell Tom what you did.
I'll give you just one more chance to do that.
Tom loudly blew his nose.
I wouldn't be that surprised if that happened.
Tom will probably do that for Mary.
I wonder how long this good weather will last.
Tom is going to the concert, isn't he?
I won't be able to do that unless you help me.
You should ask Tom to explain it to you.
I was very pleased with how things turned out.
Tom lives far away from here.
I was much calmer than all the other students.
Tom will have to help Mary do that.
I spend less than three hours a week studying.
Tom is going to leave early, isn't he?
I spend at least three hours a day doing that.
What Tom asked for was a piece of paper.
I heard that you were being bullied at school.
Tom lived on a big ranch.
I haven't had anything to eat since breakfast.
Tom will be covering Mary's shifts.
I had trouble getting out of bed this morning.
Tom is going to handle that, isn't he?
I don't want to become a professional athlete.
We have to give Tom a chance to do that.
I don't remember where I bought this umbrella.
Tom isn't that religious.
I don't have all of the pieces to this puzzle.
Tom was introduced to Mary by John.
I can't afford to buy anything else right now.
Tom is going to go with you, isn't he?
I can go to the store again if you want me to.
We can't count on Tom to do that for us.
How often do you go to a hospital or a clinic?
Tom isn't an electrician.
How many times have you done that by yourself?
Tom tried to describe Mary's house.
How many times did you go to church last year?
Tom is going to eat with us, isn't he?
Help yourselves to anything you'd like to eat.
There was nothing else Tom wanted to do.
Don't let yourselves be provoked into a fight.
Tom isn't a good plumber.
Did you really plan to do this all by yourselves?
Tom told Mary to put her toys away.
Did you really plan to do that all by yourselves?
Tom is going to do it again, isn't he?
Could you please briefly introduce yourselves?
There was nothing else Tom needed to do.
Cleaning out the rain gutters wasn't much fun.
Tom isn't a good manager.
Are you really going to do that by yourselves?
Tom knows that Mary is from Boston.
You're old enough to take care of yourselves.
Tom is going to college now, isn't he?
You should eat now while you have the chance.
The last time I saw Tom he looked happy.
You need to turn yourselves in to the police.
Tom is the administrator.
You looked like you were enjoying yourselves.
Tom isn't going to give Mary money.
You look like you're not enjoying yourselves.
Tom is going to change that, isn't he?
You look like you aren't enjoying yourselves.
That's what Tom told me on October 20th.
What you're looking for is in the top drawer.
Tom is really aggressive.
We're very likely to be busy on October 20th.
Tom is really concerned about Mary.
We'll have to do whatever they tell us to do.
Tom is going to be with you, isn't he?
We won't have time to do anything else today.
Tell Tom to check everything once again.
We need to prioritize the items on this list.
Tom is packing his stuff.
We don't have time to do anything else today.
Tom is babysitting Mary's children.
We don't get together as often as we used to.
Tom is going to be punished, isn't he?
We don't eat together as often as we used to.
Quite a lot of people heard Tom yelling.
This is the first time I've ever held a baby.
Tom is nursing his drink.
The washing machine is making strange noises.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary all week.
Something wonderful happened on October 20th.
Tom is going to be arrested, isn't he?
Please tell us a little bit about yourselves.
Neither Tom nor I can do that very well.
Neither of my parents has a driver's license.
Tom is my little brother.
My parents died when I was still quite young.
Tom has been lending money to Mary.
My mother won't let me play with you anymore.
Tom is going to be an uncle, isn't he?
My girlfriend is three years older than I am.
Most of us still wish Tom would do that.
It would be foolish to do that by yourselves.
Tom is my brother-in-law.
It won't be as scary to do that as you think.
Tom has agreed to do that for Mary.
I've started learning how to play the guitar.
Tom is going to be a father, isn't he?
I've made some terrible decisions in my life.
It's not obvious why Tom has to do that.
I've done many interesting things in my life.
Tom is in the front yard.
I've been told not to tell you what happened.
Tom doesn't like talking with Mary.
I'm trying to figure out what you need to do.
Tom is going to be a doctor, isn't he?
I'm trying to figure out what you have to do.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to come.
I'm pretty pleased with the way you did that.
Tom is in his hotel room.
I'm not used to this kind of thing happening.
Tom doesn't know how rich Mary was.
I'd rather not eat Chinese food this evening.
Tom is going to arrive soon, isn't he?
I wasn't really surprised when that happened.
It only took Tom three hours to do that.
I was pretty fortunate to be able to do that.
Tom is in charge of that.
I think you know what's going to happen next.
I should've done that while I had the chance.
Tom is going to Harvard now, isn't he?
I probably should've just kept my mouth shut.
It looks like Tom isn't having much fun.
I know lots of people who can't speak French.
Tom is helping customers.
I just need to talk to you for a few minutes.
Tom does that as well as Mary does.
I hope to be able to go to Boston in October.
Tom is going back to prison, isn't he?
I haven't yet had a chance to see that movie.
In my opinion, what Tom said is correct.
I have some ideas I'd like to share with you.
Tom is eating over there.
I finished doing that just a few minutes ago.
Tom didn't want what Mary gave him.
I don't yet know how much it's going to cost.
Tom is going back to Boston, isn't he?
I don't usually to go to bed before midnight.
I've had no contact with Tom whatsoever.
I don't remember where I bought these gloves.
Tom is eating his dinner.
I don't play the piano as often as I used to.
Tom didn't like Mary's joke at all.
I don't know where we'll be living next year.
Tom is getting married soon, isn't he?
I don't know how to explain what's happening.
I'm not talking about just what Tom did.
I don't have the strength to do that anymore.
Tom is eating by himself.
I do try not to go there more than I have to.
I didn't want to get out of bed this morning.
Tom is getting good at that, isn't he?
I didn't know how to deal with the situation.
I'm not sure if it was Tom who did that.
I didn't expect to be asked to give a speech.
Tom is done working here.
How often do you go camping with your family?
Tom decided to go skiing with Mary.
How much do quality control specialists make?
Tom is getting a lot better, isn't he?
How many times have you done that this month?
I'm not interested in anything Tom does.
Could you tell us something about yourselves?
Tom is diabolically evil.
Can you still do that as well as you used to?
Tom could hear Mary in the kitchen.
Are you still going to do that by yourselves?
Tom is fun to hang out with, isn't he?
All four of my grandparents are still living.
I'll never eat anything Tom makes again.
You're now old enough to support yourselves.
Tom is cutting his nails.
You'll have another chance to do that later.
Tom can help Mary do that tomorrow.
You should turn yourselves in to the police.
Tom is eating breakfast now, isn't he?
You should be able to do that by yourselves.
I'd like to know why Tom went to Boston.
You need to make the decision by yourselves.
Tom is crying in his car.
You might not get another chance to do that.
Tom calls Mary several times a day.
You know Boston pretty well, don't you?
Tom is down in the basement, isn't he?
You can always try doing that by yourselves.
I wondered why Tom had changed his mind.
Would you like to do something else instead?
Tom is back from the gym.
Will you really be doing that by yourselves?
Tom booked an appointment for Mary.
Why don't you get yourself something to eat?
Tom is doing that right now, isn't he?
Why are you digging a hole in your backyard?
I wonder why they chose Tom for the job.
What was I thinking when I said I'd do that?
Tom is at the laundromat.
What kind of movies do you watch most often?
Tom asked me why Mary wasn't there.
We've been planning this trip since October.
Tom is doing fine in school, isn't he?
We don't feed our dog anything but dog food.
I wonder where Tom learned how to drive.
We didn't need to do that, but we wanted to.
Tom is at home, sleeping.
We didn't have to do that, but we wanted to.
Tom asked Mary why she'd done that.
Tonight you can stay up as late as you like.
Tom is doing a terrific job, isn't he?
Something very bad happened on October 20th.
I wonder how long Tom will be in Boston.
Something terrible happened on October 20th.
Tom is an animal trainer.
Snow is pretty unusual at this time of year.
Please help yourselves to whatever you like.
Tom is difficult to talk to, isn't he?
Please help yourselves to anything you like.
I was shocked to hear what Tom had done.
Neither of us really wants to do that today.
Tom is already back home.
My friends knew I was having money problems.
Tom asked Mary what she had bought.
It'll be difficult to do that by yourselves.
Tom is difficult to impress, isn't he?
It would probably be a good idea to do that.
I wanted to tell Tom what was happening.
It would be unsafe to do that by yourselves.
Tom is afraid of failure.
It would be stupid to do that by yourselves.
Tom asked Mary to tell him a story.
It won't be as easy to do that as you think.
Tom is desperate to do that, isn't he?
It took me more than three hours to do that.
I told Tom why I'd been in the hospital.
It couldn't really be this simple, could it?
Tom is a wealthy rancher.
I'm trying to figure out what you should do.
Tom asked Mary to stop calling him.
I'm trying to figure out what I ought to do.
Tom is coming to pick us up, isn't he?
I'm really uncomfortable talking about this.
I'm proud of the way you handled yourselves.
Tom is a very skinny man.
I'm only trying to help you help yourselves.
Tom asked Mary to shut the windows.
I'm not used to people not agreeing with me.
Tom is coming home tomorrow, isn't he?
I'm not interested in learning how to skate.
I told Tom why I didn't have to do that.
I'm interested in learning how to tap dance.
Tom has to go home early.
I'll try to finish writing the report today.
Tom asked Mary to scratch his back.
I'd like to be told if anything bad happens.
Tom is coming back tomorrow, isn't he?
I would've done that for you if you'd asked.
I told Tom where he should park his car.
I won't have time to do anything else today.
Tom has just found a job.
I wasn't the only one who was here that day.
Tom asked Mary to polish his shoes.
I was thirsty and wanted something to drink.
Tom is being very secretive, isn't he?
I thought I told you not to do that in here.
I told Tom where I'd bought my umbrella.
I thought I told you not to do that anymore.
Tom has impeccable taste.
I still remember what happened very clearly.
Tom asked Mary to listen carefully.
I still remember that incident very clearly.
Tom is aware of the problem, isn't he?
I probably should've just not said anything.
I told Tom what I was doing in his room.
I might try doing that again next year.
Tom has his dog with him.
I don't think I'm healthy enough to do that.
Tom asked Mary to leave John alone.
I don't tend to stay in one place very long.
Tom is always late to class, isn't he?
I don't know where I'll be living next year.
I think you've convinced Tom to do that.
I don't know how long the concert will last.
Tom has gotten remarried.
I don't have time to do anything else today.
Tom asked Mary to close the window.
I don't give speeches as often as I used to.
Tom is always late for work, isn't he?
I don't expect you to do that by yourselves.
I have no idea what Tom is going to say.
I do try not to do that more than I have to.
Tom got arrested in 2013.
I couldn't just stand there and say nothing.
Tom asked Mary to buy a loaf bread.
How often do you and your family go camping?
Tom is always eager to help, isn't he?
How many times will I have to do that again?
I have no idea what Tom is going to buy.
How many times have you done that this year?
Tom doesn't want trouble.
How many times have you done that this week?
Tom asked Mary to buy a dozen eggs.
How many people do you know who can do that?
Tom is almost finished here, isn't he?
Go and see for yourselves what has happened.
I have no idea how Tom broke that glass.
Do we really have to go to Boston next week?
Tom doesn't live near me.
Could you tell us a little about yourselves?
Tom asked Mary to ask John to stay.
Aren't you even a little tempted to do that?
Tom is almost as tall as me, isn't he?
You're going to have to do that yourselves.
I expect Tom to do that on October 20th.
You'll get your chance to do that tomorrow.
Tom decided to go skiing.
You'll get another chance to do that later.
Tom asked Mary not to talk to John.
You won't have the chance to do that again.
Tom is afraid to go outside, isn't he?
You won't ever be allowed to do that again.
I expect Tom to be back on October 20th.
You won't be able to do that by yourselves.
Tom came over to help me.
You were supposed to do that by yourselves.
Tom asked Mary not to say anything.
You shouldn't try to do that by yourselves.
Tom is able to speak French, isn't he?
You should get yourselves something to eat.
I don't want you to talk to Tom anymore.
You should buy yourselves something to eat.
Tom brought me a present.
You should buy yourselves some new clothes.
Tom asked Mary not to do that here.
You seem to be getting tired of doing that.
Tom is a very sound sleeper, isn't he?
You often do that by yourselves, don't you?
I don't think that Tom liked the picnic.
You need to take better care of yourselves.
Tom broke a lot of rules.
You have to solve your problems yourselves.
Why on earth didn't you take your medicine?
Tom is a very light sleeper, isn't he?
Why don't you try doing that by yourselves?
I don't plan to meet Tom until tomorrow.
Why doesn't this building have an elevator?
Tom bought a large pizza.
Where did you learn how to do that so well?
Tom and Mary wrote a book together.
When did you send in your visa application?
Tom is a traveling salesman, isn't he?
What's your favorite thing to do in Boston?
I don't plan to meet Tom at the airport.
We don't get along with our neighbors.
Tom ate all three apples.
This isn't something that's sold in stores.
Tom and Mary went to Boston by car.
The deadline is tomorrow afternoon at 2:30.
Tom is a third-year student, isn't he?
That was a very difficult decision to make.
I didn't want Tom to know where I lived.
Tell us about yourselves and your families.
Tom asked me to call him.
Respect yourselves and you'll be respected.
Please come in and make yourselves at home.
Tom is a talented violinist, isn't he?
People started noticing what we were doing.
I didn't want Tom to know what I'd done.
Maybe I'm the one who should be doing that.
Tom asked for permission.
Just remember to do what I asked you to do.
Tom and Mary left at the same time.
It would be risky to do that by yourselves.
Tom is a student at Harvard, isn't he?
If you can't do that, I guess I'll have to.
I didn't want Tom to find out the truth.
I've always been interested in songwriting.
Tom asked for my address.
I'm trying to figure out what I need to do.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
I'm trying to figure out what I have to do.
Tom is a straight-A student, isn't he?
I'm still not very good at speaking French.
I didn't want Tom to do that by himself.
I'm sick of doing the same thing every day.
Tom appeared to be happy.
I'm really not all that worried about that.
Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
I'm pretty pleased with the way things are.
Tom is a son of a policeman, isn't he?
I'm pretty determined to do that right now.
I didn't know what Tom was going to buy.
I'm not sure how to deal with this problem.
Tom and I are adults now.
I'm not interested in learning how to swim.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
Tom is a shrewd businessman, isn't he?
I'm going to let you decide for yourselves.
Dating Tom wouldn't be such a good idea.
I'd like to go to either Boston or Chicago.
Tom almost broke his leg.
I wouldn't want to risk my life doing that.
Tom and Mary aren't busy right now.
I wouldn't make you do something like that.
Tom is a really nice person, isn't he?
I wouldn't accept that offer if I were you.
Allegedly, Tom was the one who did that.
I wonder what we should do if that happens.
Tom won't want to dance.
I won't allow you to do that by yourselves.
Tom and Mary are no longer married.
I woke up this morning with a bad headache.
Tom is a really good singer, isn't he?
I was happy with the way things turned out.
All Tom does all day is play games.
I want to spend the whole summer in Boston.
Tom will stay if he can.
I think you should reexamine the situation.
Tom and Mary are both really tired.
I still don't know what you want me to buy.
Tom is a really good golfer, isn't he?
I still don't know what I'm supposed to do.
We're expecting Tom to be here by 2:30.
I really don't know what's going to happen.
Tom will never trust me.
I just started doing pushups every morning.
Tom and Mary are afraid to do that.
I just got out of there as fast as I could.
Tom is a really good driver, isn't he?
I haven't needed to do that in a long time.
We know Tom well and can vouch for him.
I have a long list of things we have to do.
Tom will never hurt you.
I forget to brush my teeth all of the time.
Tom and Mary agree with me on this.
I don't think I'm strong enough to do that.
Tom is a really good dancer, isn't he?
I didn't really need to be there yesterday.
We found Tom drunk lying in the gutter.
I didn't really have to be there yesterday.
Tom will never harm you.
I didn't know much about that at that time.
Tom already knew Mary's dog's name.
I couldn't just stand there and do nothing.
Tom is a pretty good singer, isn't he?
I bumped into an old friend on my way here.
We expect Tom to leave on October 20th.
How much money do substitute teachers make?
Tom will never go there.
How many times a week do you take a shower?
Neither Tom nor Mary has much time.
Have you really been trying to lose weight?
Tom is a pretty good golfer, isn't he?
Don't do that unless I'm there to help you.
Water is the only thing Tom will drink.
Do you remember what happened here in 2013?
Tom will never complain.
Did you plan to eat all of that yourselves?
Neither Tom nor Mary has blue eyes.
Did you enjoy yourselves yesterday evening?
Tom is a pretty good driver, isn't he?
Can you tell us something about yourselves?
The way Tom did that was pretty stupid.
Are there any national holidays in October?
Tom will never allow it.
You're now old enough to support yourself.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told.
You're not supposed to park your car here.
Tom is a pretty good dancer, isn't he?
You won't get the chance to do that again.
The last time I saw Tom he looked busy.
You should take better care of yourselves.
Tom will come to Boston.
You should buy yourselves something to drink.
Mary is the only girl in her class.
You seem to really be enjoying yourselves.
Tom is a physical therapist, isn't he?
You must prepare yourselves for the worst.
Tell Tom the best way to get to Boston.
You didn't do that by yourselves, did you?
Tom will certainly know.
Wouldn't you rather do that by yourselves?
I told Tom why Mary went to Boston.
Would you prefer to do that by yourselves?
Tom is a lot taller than me, isn't he?
Would you like to go fishing next weekend?
It took a long time for Tom to do that.
Would you like for me to help you find a job?
Tom will be proud of me.
Why don't the three of us go to the beach?
I told Tom why Mary should do that.
Tom is a journalism student, isn't he?
When was the last time you went to church?
I'm worried because Tom might get hurt.
What you're looking for is in the kitchen.
Tom will be my best man.
What kind of things do you do on weekends?
I told Tom why Mary had to do that.
Were you happy with how things turned out?
Tom is a high school senior, isn't he?
We won't have the chance to do that again.
I'd advise staying away from Tom today.
We wasted a lot of time trying to do that.
Tom went to this school.
Was it in October that your baby was born?
Do you think Tom will forgive Mary?
Please tell us something about yourselves.
Tom is a hard man to please, isn't he?
Our next meeting will be held next Monday.
My parents wouldn't let me keep the puppy.
Tom wasn't married then.
Many people were wounded by the explosion.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all sat.
It took me a long time to write this book.
Tom is a child psychologist, isn't he?
I've never seen anything like that happen.
I watched Tom ride away on his bicycle.
I've got to get this done before tomorrow.
Tom was quite surprised.
I'm waiting for my opportunity to do that.
Tom wondered why Mary was smiling.
I'm trying to figure out what I should do.
Tom is a bit taller than me, isn't he?
I'm pretty reluctant to do that right now.
I wanted to tell Tom what was going on.
I'm pretty motivated to do that right now.
Tom was hit on the head.
I'm pretty desperate to do that right now.
Tom won't want to dance with Mary.
I'm not interested in learning how to ski.
Tom is John's older brother, isn't he?
I'm not going to risk my life doing that.
I want to visit Tom when I'm in Boston.
I'm not allowed to tell you what happened.
Tom was hired yesterday.
Tom tried to warn Mary about that.
I'm begging you to give me another chance.
Tom will tell us the truth, won't he?
I'm a lot sicker now than I was last week.
I waited for Tom to tell me what to do.
I'll never be given the chance to do that.
Tom was headed that way.
I'll give you thirty minutes to get ready.
Tom tried to warn Mary about John.
I'll be waiting for you at the front gate.
Tom is your neighbor's son, isn't he?
I'd never make you do something like that.
I understand why Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't able to find the time to do that.
Tom was given a warning.
I was really surprised when that happened.
Tom told me how much Mary weighed.
I want to know where I can buy some fruit.
Tom is your French teacher, isn't he?
I thought I told you not to do that again.
I tried to tell Tom what was happening.
I still don't know what you want me to do.
Tom was frightened, too.
I hope people noticed what you were doing.
Tom sat down and listened to Mary.
I have to work for another thirty minutes.
Tom is working really hard, isn't he?
I have to be out of the office until 2:30.
I told Tom you'd leave on October 20th.
I have a long list of things I need to do.
Tom was bathed in sweat.
I have a long list of things I have to do.
Tom often borrows money from Mary.
I don't want you to hurt yourselves again.
Tom is with his girlfriend, isn't he?
I don't want our children to grow up here.
I told Tom where he could park his car.
I don't like it when people talk about me.
Tom was a heavy drinker.
I don't know how I'm going to do that yet.
Tom knows who Mary's boyfriend is.
I don't have enough to give everybody one.
Tom is way younger than me, isn't he?
I can probably do that sometime this week.
I told Tom where I'd bought my bicycle.
I believe that might be the best solution.
Tom was a good roommate.
I always try to treat people with respect.
Tom is expecting a call from Mary.
How many times did you eat out last month?
Tom is very hard to please, isn't he?
Come and warm yourselves by the fireplace.
I told Tom how we were able to do that.
Can you tell us a little about yourselves?
Tom usually wears a hat.
Are you planning to do that by yourselves?
Tom is a little younger than Mary.
You're going to have to do it yourselves.
Tom is very good with kids, isn't he?
You should have more faith in yourselves.
I told Tom I'd do that on October 20th.
You look like you're enjoying yourselves.
Tom turned up the music.
You don't seem to know much about Boston.
Tom heard Mary talking about John.
You don't seem to be enjoying yourselves.
Tom is very claustrophobic, isn't he?
You can have as many cookies as you want.
I suspected that maybe Tom could do it.
Would you rather be doing something else?
Tom trusted his doctors.
Would you mind helping me split firewood?
Tom has finished speaking to Mary.
Why do you keep everything to yourselves?
Tom is very busy right now, isn't he?
Why are you always so hard on yourselves?
I still don't know what Tom looks like.
Why are you afraid to swim in this river?
Tom told me to call 911.
What you're looking for is in the closet.
Tom has agreed to drive Mary home.
What kind of movies do you usually watch?
Tom is usually home by now, isn't he?
What kind of books do you read most often?
I saw Tom washing his car this morning.
We're going to start doing that tomorrow.
Tom smiled mysteriously.
We won't get the chance to do that again.
Tom didn't know Mary at that time.
We didn't have time to do that yesterday.
Tom is too young to retire, isn't he?
We can't do that unless we work together.
I lived near Tom when I was growing up.
We can still make it on time if we hurry.
Tom sleeps in this room.
Try not to take yourselves too seriously.
Tom decided to go to Mary's party.
This might be our only chance to do that.
Tom is too sick to do that, isn't he?
This might be our last chance to do that.
I liked Tom more before he got married.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
Tom seldom eats dessert.
The reception will be held in room three.
Tom cooked Mary her favorite meal.
The bank robbers are armed and dangerous.
Tom is too busy to do that, isn't he?
That was the only thing I should've done.
I know who Tom gave his old bicycle to.
That happened on a rainy October morning.
Tom seems to be in pain.
Taking out the garbage is never much fun.
Tom can't help Mary do that today.
Something wonderful happened last Monday.
Tom is tired of doing that, isn't he?
So far, I'm the only one who's done that.
Respect yourself and you'll be respected.
Tom really weighs a lot.
Please tell us a little about yourselves.
Tom can keep Mary from doing that.
Please help yourselves to some more cake.
Tom is taking us back home, isn't he?
Perhaps you should do that by yourselves.
I haven't sent any pictures to Tom yet.
My stepmother isn't much older than I am.
Tom may spend the night.
Most of us have done that more than once.
Tom brought Mary something to eat.
It won't be necessary for you to do that.
Tom is taking care of that, isn't he?
It took me almost three hours to do that.
I dropped Tom off in front of the bank.
It looks like it's finally going to rain.
Tom looks like a zombie.
If you ever do that again, I'll kill you.
Tom brought Mary a bunch of roses.
I've decided not to play tennis tomorrow.
Tom is taking a big chance, isn't he?
I've decided not to do that this morning.
I don't think that Tom liked the party.
I've been practicing doing that all week.
Tom looks a bit worried.
I've always been interested in sketching.
Tom begged Mary to keep it secret.
I'm very disappointed with these results.
Tom is supposed to help us, isn't he?
I'm trying to resist the urge to do that.
I don't know what would make Tom happy.
I'm proud of what you've been able to do.
Tom lives in that house.
I'm pretty hesitant to do that right now.
Tom begged Mary to come back home.
I'm not sure which direction I should go.
Tom is supposed to do that, isn't he?
I'm not ready for a serious relationship.
I didn't want Tom to think I was crazy.
I'm happy with the way things worked out.
Tom likes you, you know.
I'm going to watch the news after dinner.
Tom asked for Mary's phone number.
I'm going to take it easy for a few days.
Tom is supposed to be here, isn't he?
I'm going to keep this in the top drawer.
I didn't want Tom to go out after dark.
I'm afraid to go into the cave by myself.
Tom knows how to fix it.
I'll give you one more chance to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she'd hit John.
I wouldn't describe myself as successful.
Tom is studying web design, isn't he?
I won't ever be allowed to do that again.
I didn't want Tom to come to our party.
I was born on October 20, in Boston.
Tom didn't jump into the water.
I want to visit either Boston or Chicago.
Tom asked Mary what was happening.
I used to be able to do this much faster.
Tom is studying at Harvard, isn't he?
I thought I told you not to do that here.
I didn't believe most of what Tom said.
I see no reason not to do that right now.
Tom isn't a good skater.
I saw many people barbecuing in the park.
Tom asked Mary to wash the dishes.
I haven't yet gotten used to living here.
Tom is still staring at me, isn't he?
I haven't finished building my house yet.
I couldn't tell Tom what was happening.
I haven't actually done anything illegal.
Tom isn't a good farmer.
I had a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
Tom asked Mary to vacuum the room.
I don't usually come here in the morning.
Tom is still kind of young, isn't he?
I won't try to do that without some help.
I asked Tom to do that on October 20th.
I don't remember where I bought this hat.
Tom isn't a fussy eater.
I certainly wouldn't want that to happen.
Tom asked Mary to give him a hand.
I certainly didn't expect that to happen.
Tom is still in the prison, isn't he?
I can't remember where I put my umbrella.
You'd better not talk to Tom about it.
I can't let you go to Boston by yourself.
Tom is very opinionated.
I can't forget what happened last summer.
Tom asked Mary to do that quietly.
I can't afford to buy anything right now.
Tom is still in his office, isn't he?
I ate a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
We want Tom to help us tomorrow night.
How much of a discount did they give you?
Tom is still in therapy.
How much money do dental assistants make?
Tom asked Mary to do that quickly.
How many of us get the chance to do that?
Tom is still in a bad mood, isn't he?
How long have you been writing this blog?
We can count on Tom to do that for us.
How long are you going to just sit there?
Tom is right about that.
Get out of the water. Your lips are blue.
Tom asked Mary to buy some cheese.
Express yourselves as clearly as you can.
Tom is still at the clinic, isn't he?
Don't do anything else until I get there.
There's nothing else Tom wants to buy.
Don't blame yourselves for what happened.
Tom is really religious.
Did you enjoy yourself yesterday evening?
Tom asked Mary to buy some milk.
Could this be our only chance to do that?
Tom is somewhere in Boston, isn't he?
Could this be our last chance to do that?
There's nothing else Tom needs to buy.
Are you two going to Boston next weekend?
Tom is pretty ambitious.
You've had plenty of chances to do that.
Tom asked Mary to buy a some eggs.
You're not allowed to go into that room.
Tom is smarter than we are, isn't he?
You'll get plenty of chances to do that.
That was the only thing Tom needed do.
You won't need to do that by yourselves.
Tom is outside, smoking.
You won't have to do that by yourselves.
Tom asked Mary if she was serious.
You won't ever be allowed back in there.
Tom is sitting in the back, isn't he?
You should try doing that by yourselves.
That didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
You need to learn to protect yourselves.
Tom is now back in jail.
You know you're not supposed to be here.
Tom asked Mary if she could drive.
You don't need to do that by yourselves.
Tom is renovating his home, isn't he?
You don't have to do that by yourselves.
Neither Tom nor John has a girlfriend.
You did a lot of work for us last month.
Tom is kind of stubborn.
You can't keep doing this to yourselves.
Tom asked Mary for another chance.
Why not look into the matter yourselves?
Tom is really out of shape, isn't he?
What time does the amusement park close?
Maybe I could convince Tom to do that.
What kind of sports do you like to play?
Tom is in the front row.
What kind of food do you eat most often?
Tom and Mary were able to do that.
What kind of fish do you eat most often?
Tom is really good at math, isn't he?
We may never have the chance to do that.
It's past 2:and Tom isn't here yet.
We don't do this as often as we used to.
Tom is in the cafeteria.
This may be your last chance to do that.
Tom and Mary want us to help them.
This kind of thing always happens to me.
Tom is really good at golf, isn't he?
Things aren't as bad as they used to be.
It'll take Tom a long time to do that.
They have nothing to do with each other.
Tom is in his apartment.
The police got the evidence they needed.
Tom and Mary have never done that.
Something very bad happened last Monday.
Tom is quite good at chess, isn't he?
Something terrible happened last Monday.
It wasn't yesterday that Tom did that.
Pregnant women shouldn't smoke or drink.
Tom is home from school.
Our vacation will be over in three days.
Tom and Mary have lived in Boston.
Next time, you need to be more discreet.
Tom is pretty scary, don't you think?
My French pronunciation isn't very good.
It looks like Tom won't be here today.
Listen and repeat each word three times.
Tom is having a seizure.
Leave some ice cream for the rest of us.
Tom and Mary flew to Boston today.
Just give me one more chance to do that.
Tom is pretty good at that, isn't he?
It would be better if we didn't do that.
In my opinion, what Tom said is wrong.
It won't be necessary for us to do that.
Tom is going to college.
It won't be necessary for me to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
It was almost midnight when we got home.
Tom is pretty good at golf, isn't he?
I've had more success doing it this way.
I've told Tom why he needs to do that.
I've decided not to go camping with you.
Tom is filing his nails.
I've been told that sometimes I'm cruel.
Tom and Mary are wrong about that.
I've been practicing this song all week.
Tom is pretty disappointed, isn't he?
I'm proud of what we've been able to do.
I've never talked with Tom about that.
I'm pretty tempted to do that right now.
Tom is eating his lunch.
I'm officially protesting this decision.
Tom and Mary are right about that.
I'm not even going to do that this year.
Tom is prepared to do that, isn't he?
I'm looking forward to living in Boston.
I've known Tom ever since I was a kid.
I'm interested in learning how to skate.
Tom is drinking tequila.
I'm doing a lot more now than I used to.
Tom and Mary are eager to do that.
I'm a lot heavier now than I used to be.
Tom is planning to do that, isn't he?
I'm a lot happier now than I used to be.
I've had no chance to talk to Tom yet.
I'll definitely get a chance to do that.
Tom is coming toward us.
I'd really like to hear about your trip.
Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
I'd like to thank you for all your help.
Tom is perfect for the job, isn't he?
I would definitely recommend doing that.
I'll come, but I don't think Tom will.
I wonder what we're supposed to do next.
Tom is coming to see us.
I wonder how long the concert will last.
Neither Tom nor Mary is awake now.
I was sitting over there the whole time.
Tom is part of the problem, isn't he?
I was shocked to hear what was going on.
I'd like to know why Tom wasn't there.
I usually eat rice at least twice a day.
Tom is chopping cabbage.
I haven't yet gotten used to doing this.
Neither Tom nor Mary has left yet.
I haven't yet gotten used to doing that.
Tom is opposed to the plan, isn't he?
I haven't had to do that in a long time.
I'd like to know who Tom said that to.
I haven't drunk any water in three days.
Tom is being very quiet.
I have to do better than that next time.
Mary stabbed her husband to death.
I have to be out of the office tomorrow.
Tom is one of your friends, isn't he?
I guess you've got yourselves a problem.
I'd like Tom to do this investigation.
I doubt if I'll get a chance to do that.
Tom is back from school.
I don't want to make this mistake again.
Mary sounds a lot like her sister.
I don't want to make that mistake again.
Tom is one of your cousins, isn't he?
I don't like it when people stare at me.
I wonder where Tom keeps his umbrella.
I don't like it when people laugh at me.
Tom is an absolute mess.
I could hear what was happening outside.
Mary sounds a lot like her mother.
I could do that for you if you'd let me.
Tom is older than his wife, isn't he?
I can't stop thinking about what we did.
I wonder where Tom bought those shoes.
I can't give you what you're asking for.
Tom is afraid to say no.
I can't even remember where we did that.
I told Tom what Mary wanted to do.
I can see why you don't want to do that.
Tom is older than he looks, isn't he?
I can probably buy one of those for you.
I wonder if Tom will be a good father.
I bought a pineapple at the supermarket.
Tom is addicted to meth.
I always take a shower before breakfast.
I told Tom what Mary needed to do.
How many times have you done that today?
Tom is old enough to drive, isn't he?
How do I know which one I should choose?
I wonder how long Tom will stay there.
French isn't easy, but it's interesting.
Tom is actually annoyed.
Do you know what's happening over there?
Why does Tom think Mary did that?
Do you consider yourselves good drivers?
Tom is old enough to drink, isn't he?
Did you really plan this all yourselves?
I want to talk with Tom, not with you.
Could you tell us more about yourselves?
Tom is about to explode.
Aren't you afraid of hurting yourselves?
Tom would never do that for Mary.
Are you planning to do that by yourself?
Tom is often late for work, isn't he?
All I want is another chance to do that.
I understand why Tom wouldn't do that.
You're drawing attention to yourselves.
Tom is a wealthy farmer.
You'll have only one chance to do that.
Tom won't tell Mary who did that.
You should buy yourselves new bicycles.
Tom is much taller than me, isn't he?
You should be very proud of yourselves.
I tried to tell Tom what was going on.
You should be real proud of yourselves.
Tom is a very tough guy.
You seem to be pleased with yourselves.
Tom will need to drive Mary home.
You seem to be keeping yourselves busy.
Tom is much faster than me, isn't he?
You must really be proud of yourselves.
I told Tom who had stolen his bicycle.
You have to decide that for yourselves.
Tom is a double-amputee.
You can probably do that by yourselves.
Tom will likely do that for Mary.
You can have another cookie if you one.
Tom is majoring in physics, isn't he?
You already know what to do, don't you?
I told Tom where to put your suitcase.
Would you rather drink a cup of coffee?
Tom is a cancer patient.
Would you like to do that this evening?
Tom was dating Mary at that time.
Why is your car parked in our driveway?
Tom is majoring in biology, isn't he?
I told Tom where I'd spent the summer.
Tom has tried many jobs.
Why are you planning to move to Boston?
Tom told Mary to eat more slowly.
Who's supposed to take out the garbage?
Tom is looking for his dog, isn't he?
What's the best way to get out of here?
I told Tom to do that on October 20th.
What time does the amusement park open?
Tom had another seizure.
What kind of fish do you usually catch?
Tom showed me a letter from Mary.
What kind of books do you usually read?
Tom is learning to do that, isn't he?
What kind of bars do you like to go to?
I never had a chance to tell Tom that.
What did you do after school yesterday?
Tom got hit on the head.
Were you able to do that by yourselves?
Tom is in the same grade as Mary.
We've had plenty of chances to do that.
Tom is kind of standoffish, isn't he?
We've done that together several times.
I never expected to see Tom in Boston.
We won't get another chance to do that.
Tom got hit in the face.
We need to begin our own investigation.
Tom is in the same class as Mary.
We ate everything in the picnic basket.
Tom is just being stubborn, isn't he?
This may be our only chance to do that.
I know Tom well and can vouch for him.
They seemed very similar to each other.
Tom got here on his own.
Tom forgot where he'd put his glasses.
Tom is hiding in Mary's basement.
Something bad happened on October 20th.
Tom is just being cautious, isn't he?
Please help yourselves to some cookies.
I hope that Tom comes on October 20th.
My wife is three years older than I am.
Tom fell asleep at work.
My doctor told me to cut down on sugar.
Tom is going to Boston with Mary.
Most of us still live with our parents.
Tom is just about your age, isn't he?
Most of us still don't know what to do.
I hope Tom isn't home on October 20th.
It's not likely to be snowing tomorrow.
Tom didn't visit Boston.
It's not likely to be raining tomorrow.
Tom heard Mary talking about him.
It only took me three hours to do that.
Tom is just about finished, isn't he?
I've got to keep at least one of these.
I have no idea how Tom came to Boston.
I've been trying to get my car started.
Tom climbed up to the roof.
I've been getting a lot of compliments.
Tom didn't want Mary to go there.
I've always been interested in writing.
Tom is interested in music, isn't he?
I've always been interested in drawing.
I don't want Tom to buy anything else.
I'm really not that worried about that.
Tom can't see very well.
I'm proud of what I've been able to do.
Tom could still hear Mary crying.
I'm pretty pleased with how things are.
Tom is in the waiting room, isn't he?
I'm not used to this kind of happening.
I don't see Tom as often as I used to.
I'm not used to doing things by myself.
Tom can't drink tequila.
I'm not used to being treated this way.
Tom brought Mary a cup of coffee.
I'm not off for another thirty minutes.
Tom is in the bathroom now, isn't he?
I'm not afraid to jump over this ditch.
I don't know how Tom broke that glass.
I'm interested in learning how to swim.
Tom can spend the night.
I'm going to start doing that tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary why she was there.
I'm getting pretty tired of doing this.
Tom is in a very good mood, isn't he?
I'm excited about going back to Boston.
I didn't want to do that, but Tom did.
I'm a lot busier now than I used to be.
Tom called his attorney.
I'll help you clean up after the party.
Tom asked Mary what was going on.
I'll get a chance to do that, I'm sure.
Tom is in a lot of trouble, isn't he?
I'd rather be a teacher than a student.
I didn't hear a word of what Tom said.
I wonder what we're supposed to do now.
Tom brought some snacks.
I won't have the time to do that today.
Tom asked Mary what she had done.
I woke up this morning with a headache.
Tom is in a bad mood today, isn't he?
I was hoping for a little more support.
I didn't expect Tom to do that for me.
I was happy with how things turned out.
Tom broke the flowerpot.
I tried to do that, but wasn't able to.
Tom asked Mary to sweep the room.
I really shouldn't complain, should I?
Tom is in Boston this week, isn't he?
I probably should've just stayed quiet.
I didn't expect Tom to be so handsome.
I never considered myself a good actor.
Tom broke down the door.
I liked the way you handled yourselves.
Tom asked Mary to stay with John.
I just wasn't strong enough to do that.
Tom is in Boston right now, isn't he?
I heard myself saying something stupid.
I couldn't tell Tom what was going on.
I hear your voice, but I can't see you.
Tom bought some flowers.
I haven't needed to do that in a while.
Tom asked Mary to lend him money.
I haven't finished the translation yet.
Tom is having a rough week, isn't he?
I haven't actually done anything wrong.
I appreciate what Tom has done for me.
I have no idea if I can do that or not.
Tom bought some carrots.
I hadn't started training for that yet.
Tom asked Mary to keep it secret.
I found a good place to pitch our tent.
Tom is having a lot of fun, isn't he?
I finished doing that a short time ago.
Giving Tom a knife wasn't a good idea.
I don't want to leave my door unlocked.
Tom bought some bananas.
I don't remember how I did this before.
Tom asked Mary to draw him a map.
I don't really want to do that anymore.
Tom is happy to have a job, isn't he?
I don't really need to do that anymore.
All Tom does all day long is watch TV.
I don't really have to do that anymore.
Tom bought a dictionary.
I don't know all of my students' names.
Tom asked Mary to dim the lights.
I didn't expect to be asked to do that.
Tom is great with children, isn't he?
I couldn't see anything inside the box.
All Tom ate was three slices of bread.
I could probably tell you who did that.
Tom bought a cowboy hat.
I could probably be tempted to do that.
Tom asked Mary to close the gate.
I could hear what was going on outside.
Tom is going to work today, isn't he?
I could be finished doing that by 2:30.
What Tom said didn't make much sense.
I come here on the 20th of every month.
Tom borrowed some money.
I can't tolerate that kind of behavior.
Tom asked Mary to buy some sugar.
I can't remember where I put my gloves.
Tom is going to work on it, isn't he?
I can't even remember when we did that.
We've given Tom more time to do that.
I actually don't enjoy opera very much.
Tom beat up his brother.
How often do you go to the post office?
Tom asked Mary to buy some bread.
How many times have you done that here?
Tom is going to try to win, isn't he?
How many singles bars have you been to?
We went to visit Tom in the hospital.
Don't blame yourselves. It's our fault.
Tom ate a piece of cake.
Don't blame yourself for what happened.
Tom asked Mary if she was sleepy.
Doing that will require a lot of money.
Tom is going to need these, isn't he?
Do you know what's going on over there?
There's nothing else Tom needs to do.
Do you intend to do that by yourselves?
Tom arrived hours early.
Do we really have to do this right now?
Tom asked Mary if she could swim.
Did you actually do that by yourselves?
Tom is going to leave soon, isn't he?
Come on in and make yourselves at home.
There was nothing else Tom had to do.
Can you tell us a bit about yourselves?
Tom always looks sleepy.
Are you talking about us or yourselves?
Tom and Mary were very surprised.
Are you still living in the same place?
Tom is going to law school, isn't he?
Are you going to stay here a long time?
The way Tom did that was pretty cool.
Are you going to do that by yourselves?
Tom won't get promoted.
All the stores will be closed tomorrow.
Tom and Mary have gone to Boston.
You've got to take care of yourselves.
Tom is going to get better, isn't he?
You're supposed to do that yourselves.
The doctor prescribed Tom a sedative.
You should've done that by yourselves.
Tom will want us to go.
You seem to know a lot about baseball.
Tom and Mary have both been sick.
You ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
Tom is going to come later, isn't he?
You must take good care of yourselves.
That was the only thing Tom could do.
You must learn to restrain yourselves.
Tom went to his locker.
You may sit next to me if you want to.
Tom and Mary had a huge argument.
You may have to do that by yourselves.
Tom is going to come early, isn't he?
You look very pleased with yourselves.
I've told Tom why I ought to do that.
You know how to explain it, don't you?
Tom watered the plants.
You know French much better than I do.
Tom and Mary don't know that yet.
You know Boston much better than I do.
Tom is going to be present, isn't he?
You don't sound so sure of yourselves.
I've been waiting for Tom to do that.
You don't know Boston as well as I do.
Tom washed the lettuce.
Would you please introduce yourselves?
Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
Would you like me to help you to find a job?
Tom is going to be jealous, isn't he?
Would you like another slice of pizza?
I've been waiting for Tom since 2.30.
Tom was caught in 2013.
Would you be arrested if you did that?
Tom and Mary always eat together.
Tom is going to be furious, isn't he?
Why don't you find out for yourselves?
I've been trying to help Tom do that.
Why don't we all go swimming together?
Tom was an awkward kid.
When I was in high school, I was cool.
Tom and I went over to Mary's house.
What's the tallest mountain in Europe?
Tom is feeling much better, isn't he?
What you're looking for is right here.
I'm sorry, Tom. I just can't do this.
What you're looking for is over there.
Tom was afraid to move.
We've had a lot of chances to do that.
That's not how Tom talks to Mary.
Tom is faster than you are, isn't he?
We've all been complaining about that.
I'm seeing Tom again on October 20th.
We were ordered not to take prisoners.
Tom was able to escape.
We should change the name of our band.
Mary talks a lot like her mother.
We need to find our way out this cave.
Tom is expected to recover, isn't he?
There's no need to concern yourselves.
I'll ask Tom to take a picture of us.
There was nothing else I wanted to do.
Tom was a very bad kid.
There was nothing else I needed to do.
Mary remarried her first husband.
The teacher let me go to the bathroom.
Tom is expected to do that, isn't he?
That was a difficult decision to make.
I'd like to teach Tom how to do that.
Tell us a little bit about yourselves.
Tom wants to go to bed.
Something bad happened last Monday.
Mary often wears too much makeup.
Tom is doing that for free, isn't he?
Neither of us really wants to do that.
I wonder who Tom thinks will do that.
My doctor told me to cut down on salt.
Tom used to work there.
Many young people were at the concert.
Mary married a man twice her age.
Make sure that you do that yourselves.
Tom is doing all he can do, isn't he?
Let me explain why I made this choice.
I wonder where Tom went last weekend.
Leave some cookies for the rest of us.
Tom spotted a squirrel.
It would be foolish to try doing that.
Mary is dependent on her husband.
It took a long time for me to do that.
Tom is currently in Boston, isn't he?
If you drink this, you'll feel better.
I told Tom how I was able to do that.
I've had plenty of chances to do that.
Tom seldom wears jeans.
I've decided not to stay until Monday.
Mary is back with her ex-husband.
I've been called a pig by many people.
Tom is confused and scared, isn't he?
I'm sure you could manage on your own.
I may try talking Tom out of doing that.
I'm interested in learning how to ski.
Tom seldom buys liquor.
I'm heavier than most children my age.
Mary is at home with her husband.
I'd like you to do that by yourselves.
Tom is confident he'll win, isn't he?
I'd be happy to discuss that with you.
I liked Tom more when he was younger.
I won't ever be allowed back in there.
Tom often changes jobs.
I wasn't allowed to go into the store.
Mary is a typical Canadian woman.
I wasn't allowed to go into that room.
Tom is completely clueless, isn't he?
I was really afraid that might happen.
I hope Tom does that on October 20th.
I told you to keep that to yourselves.
Tom often changed jobs.
I suppose I've been a little careless.
Mary is a good mother, isn't she?
I suggest you keep that to yourselves.
Tom is coming back tonight, isn't he?
I see you got yourselves new bicycles.
I hang out with Tom almost every day.
I remember doing that three years ago.
Tom needs to go to bed.
I plan to spend my vacation in Boston.
I'll ask Tom why Mary went to Boston.
I never thought it would be like this.
Tom is capable of doing it, isn't he?
I might have a chance to do that soon.
I don't want you to help Tom anymore.
I just can't stop thinking about that.
Tom mopped the kitchen.
I haven't stopped thinking about that.
I can still smell Mary's perfume.
I fired my gun, but missed the target.
Tom is buying what we need, isn't he?
I felt good about what happened today.
I don't want Tom to know what we did.
I expected it to be harder to do that.
Tom met me at the gate.
Tom will definitely invite Mary.
I eat a bowl of oatmeal every morning.
Tom is busy this afternoon, isn't he?
I don't want you to say anything else.
I didn't want Tom to be disappointed.
I don't want you to buy anything else.
Tom may sit next to me.
I don't really remember what happened.
Tom was dating Mary at the time.
I don't know what I'd do without this.
Tom is bigger than you are, isn't he?
I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
I didn't think I'd see Tom in Boston.
I could probably force you to do that.
Tom looked in his pack.
I can't stop thinking about yesterday.
Tom usually does what Mary does.
I can't see very well without glasses.
Tom is being very cautious, isn't he?
I can't forget what happened that day.
I didn't know why Tom had to do that.
I can't even remember why we did that.
Tom likes Boston a lot.
I can't drive now. I've been drinking.
Tom tried to change Mary's mind.
I can't afford to buy a car right now.
Tom is being taken care of, isn't he?
I didn't know why Tom didn't like me.
I always take a shower in the morning.
Tom knows this already.
I almost always play golf on weekends.
Tom told Mary to be more polite.
How often do you drink instant coffee?
Tom is being evasive again, isn't he?
How many times a week do you eat fish?
I didn't expect to see Tom in Boston.
Finding time to do that won't be easy.
Tom isn't yet an adult.
Does it get very cold here in October?
Tom should've been helping Mary.
Do you know what you're talking about?
Tom is being blamed for it, isn't he?
Do you get a lot of rain in October?
I didn't expect Tom to be so helpful.
Do we really have to work next Monday?
Tom isn't the director.
Did you take these pictures in Boston?
Tom made a video of Mary's concert.
Did you enjoy yourselves at the party?
Tom is babysitting tonight, isn't he?
Did you choose these songs yourselves?
I didn't tell Tom where I'd bought my hat.
Can you read what's on the blackboard?
Tom isn't a good skier.
You're being very hard on yourselves.
Tom isn't Mary's real boyfriend.
You'll have to do that by yourselves.
Tom is awfully quiet today, isn't he?
You won't have time to do that today.
Hardly any of what Tom said was true.
You won't ever be allowed to do that.
Tom isn't a bad singer.
You should go and see for yourselves.
Tom helped Mary put on her coat.
You should be more careful next time.
Tom is aware of the danger, isn't he?
You should be a little more tolerant.
We'll talk with Tom on October 20th.
You really should do that yourselves.
Tom is waiting in vain.
Would you like to go skating with us?
Tom has decided to forgive Mary.
Would you like to go sailing with us?
Tom is at school right now, isn't he?
Would you like to go fishing with us?
We shouldn't have given Tom a knife.
Would you like to go camping with us?
Why are you up at this time of night?
Tom has been making fun of Mary.
Why are you so determined to do that?
Tom is at home watching TV, isn't he?
Why are you doing this to yourselves?
We chose Tom to be the team captain.
Who's supposed to clean up this mess?
Tom is really immature.
Who did you send the last message to?
Tom has been giving Mary advice.
Where've you been keeping yourselves?
Tom is at his desk working, isn't he?
What time does the supermarket close?
There's nothing else Tom has to buy.
We'll deal with that when it happens.
Tom is now avoiding me.
We had a chance to do that last week.
Tom didn't want Mary doing that.
We don't want you to hurt yourselves.
Tom is at church right now, isn't he?
We don't get many chances to do that.
There was nothing else Tom could do.
We didn't have the chance to do that.
Tom is now a sophomore.
Unfortunately, I've lost my passport.
Tom couldn't change Mary's mind.
Please tell us more about yourselves.
Tom is an excellent driver, isn't he?
Please help yourselves to some fruit.
The only thing Tom does is watch TV.
Please fill the bucket up with water.
Tom is kind of nervous.
Please enjoy yourselves at the dance.
Tom could see Mary kissing John.
One of our kitchen knives is missing.
Tom is an assistant editor, isn't he?
Neither of us wants to do that today.
Rescuing Tom will be very difficult.
Neither of us is planning to do that.
Tom is inside the bank.
Let me call you back in five minutes.
Tom bought Mary what she needed.
It wasn't easy to make that decision.
Tom is always very careful, isn't he?
It isn't good to take sleeping pills.
Neither Tom nor John has a mustache.
I've never heard those guys complain.
Tom is in prison again.
I've just finished reading this book.
Tom blocked Mary's phone number.
I've decided to do that this morning.
Tom is also planning to go, isn't he?
I've decided not to do that with you.
Lying to Tom would be a big mistake.
I've been working here since October.
Tom is hiding in there.
I've been waiting for you to do that.
Tom asked me for Mary's address.
I've always been a little overweight.
Tom is already quite drunk, isn't he?
It was very nice of Tom to say that.
I'm used to these kinds of decisions.
Tom is getting changed.
I'm still waiting for that to happen.
Tom asked Mary where she'd been.
I'm proud of what we've accomplished.
Tom is already on the list, isn't he?
I'm planning on doing something else.
It looks like Tom is having trouble.
I'm not yet used to the climate here.
Tom is getting annoyed.
I'm not going to eat breakfast today.
Tom asked Mary to speak to John.
I'm not drunk. I'm just really tired.
Tom is already at his desk, isn't he?
I'm happy with how things turned out.
It looks like Tom has fallen asleep.
I'm good at doing this kind of thing.
Tom is frightened, too.
I'm going to read this book tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary to sit with John.
I'm going to go to bed early tonight.
Tom is alone in his office, isn't he?
I'm going to eat my lunch at my desk.
I've told Tom why he should do that.
I'm certainly enjoying my retirement.
Tom is feeding his dog.
I won't get a chance to do that.
Tom asked Mary to shut the gate.
I'll never get the chance to do that.
Tom is almost always right, isn't he?
I'd like to teach you how to do that.
I've told Tom why I want to do that.
I'd like to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom is downstairs, too.
I wrote some postcards to my friends.
Tom asked Mary to set the table.
I was shocked to hear what was happening.
Tom is almost always early, isn't he?
I want to spend the summer in Boston.
I've told Tom why I need to do that.
I want to spend all summer in Boston.
Tom is dependent on us.
I teach almost every day of the week.
Tom asked Mary to say something.
I still want to visit Boston someday.
Tom is allergic to peanuts, isn't he?
I should've brought something to eat.
I've already given Tom many chances.
I should be able to get that for you.
Tom is dating his boss.
I really liked Mr. Jackson's classes.
Tom asked Mary to go home early.
I left what I found where I found it.
Tom is actually doing that, isn't he?
I just don't want to do this anymore.
I'm not going to let Tom to do that.
Tom is chopping onions.
I found us a place to pitch our tent.
Tom asked Mary to call him back.
I don't want you to do anything else.
Tom is actually a good guy, isn't he?
I don't want to ever be hungry again.
I'd like to know why Tom left early.
I don't like watching baseball on TV.
Tom is causing a scene.
I don't know who's going to be there.
Tom asked Mary to buy some wine.
I don't generally like documentaries.
Tom is able to do that now, isn't he?
I do that whenever I get a chance to.
I wouldn't blame Tom if he did that.
I didn't want anything bad to happen.
Tom is being very rude.
I definitely want to get there early.
Tom asked Mary to buy some beer.
I can't let you sacrifice yourselves.
Tom is a volleyball player, isn't he?
I actually prefer to sit in the back.
I wonder how long Tom will be there.
How much money do truck drivers make?
Tom is battling cancer.
How much do substitute teachers make?
Tom asked Mary not to tell John.
How many people survived isn't known.
Tom is a very talented kid, isn't he?
How did you know which one to choose?
I wonder how long Tom was in Boston.
Help yourselves to whatever you like.
Tom is already at work.
Help yourselves to more potato chips.
Tom asked Mary if she was tired.
Help yourselves to anything you like.
Tom is a very quiet person, isn't he?
Help yourselves to some cake.
I watched Tom get on his motorcycle.
Don't make this harder on yourselves.
Tom is almost an adult.
Don't allow yourselves to become fat.
Tom asked Mary if she had a dog.
Do you want some chocolate ice cream?
Tom is a very handsome man, isn't he?
Do you usually do that by yourselves?
I was having fun until Tom got here.
Do you need more time to finish that?
Tom is a very cool kid.
Do you consider yourselves religious?
Tom asked Mary for more details.
Did you really do that by yourselves?
Tom is a very good painter, isn't he?
Come and warm yourselves by the fire.
I told Tom where I'd studied French.
Are you really trying to lose weight?
Tom is a single parent.
You've outdone yourselves this time.
Tom argued with Mary about that.
You're supposed to do it yourselves.
Tom is a very good drummer, isn't he?
You're going to get yourselves shot.
I saw Tom walking towards the beach.
You're being too hard on yourselves.
Tom is a secretive man.
You two need to go there yourselves.
Tom and Mary don't speak French.
You shouldn't do that by yourselves.
Tom is a very generous man, isn't he?
You should've introduced yourselves.
I intend to meet Tom at the airport.
You should be ashamed of yourselves.
Tom is a model husband.
You owe it to yourselves to do that.
Tom and Mary don't like me much.
You need to deal with the situation.
Tom is a very fast swimmer, isn't he?
You look pretty proud of yourselves.
I don't want Tom to know what I did.
You didn't hurt yourselves, did you?
Tom is a little creepy.
You could've really hurt yourselves.
Tom and Mary aren't very hungry.
You can't just quit a job like that.
Tom is a very creative guy, isn't he?
You can't blame yourselves for that.
I don't know how Tom came to Boston.
You can just reply with a yes or no.
Tom is a good roommate.
You can easily walk there from here.
Tom and Mary are foster parents.
You can come over whenever you like.
Tom is a very athletic guy, isn't he?
You can come over any time you like.
I don't go dancing with Tom anymore.
You aren't studying French, are you?
Tom is a carpenter now.
Would you rather eat somewhere else?
Please sit between Tom and Mary.
Would you please introduce yourself?
Tom is a very able teacher, isn't he?
Would you like to go skiing with us?
I don't expect Tom to do that today.
Would you like another slice of pie?
Tom has been very rude.
Why don't you like living in Boston?
Mary put her phone in her purse.
Why don't you do that by yourselves?
Tom is a used car salesman, isn't he?
Why don't we all go hiking together?
I don't do that with Tom very often.
Why do you not want to leave Boston?
Tom grew up on a ranch.
Why are you so reluctant to do that?
Mary left her husband a fortune.
Why are you so motivated to do that?
Tom is a talented musician, isn't he?
Why are you lying down on the table?
Was Tom the one who told you what time the meeting would start?
Who do you want to dance with first?
I didn't want to tell Tom the truth.
Who did you give my phone number to?
Tom got three stitches.
What time does the supermarket open?
Mary kissed her husband goodbye.
We were told not to cross this line.
Tom is a senior at Harvard, isn't he?
We saw some people coming toward us.
Was Tom the one who told you that you didn't need to do that?
We need to do our own investigation.
I didn't want to ask Tom to help me.
We haven't yet reached an agreement.
Tom got paid yesterday.
We can't let ourselves to be fooled.
Mary is unable to have children.
This is my favorite time of the day.
Tom is a really good coach, isn't he?
There's no reason for us to do that.
Was Tom the one who told you that you didn't have to do that?
There's no reason for us to be here.
I didn't want Tom to know the truth.
There's no reason for me to do that.
Tom got back yesterday.
The engine is making strange noises.
Mary is a typical Canadian girl.
That was the only thing we could do.
Tom is a really bad singer, isn't he?
That was the only thing I needed to do.
Tom invited us over for dinner tonight. Would you like to go?
Please stop embarrassing yourselves.
I didn't know who Tom had talked to.
Please help yourselves to some cake.
Tom gets bullied a lot.
Please help yourselves to more cake.
Mary has a good-looking husband.
Please fill the bucket up with sand.
Tom is a really bad driver, isn't he?
Neither of us can do that very well.
Did you really see Tom doing what you told the police he did?
Many stores will be closed tomorrow.
I couldn't hear what Tom was saying.
Let me explain why I did what I did.
Tom folded his clothes.
Leave some pizza for the rest of us.
Mary did what her husband asked.
It's useless to even try doing that.
Tom is a pretty good skier, isn't he?
It's not likely to be warm tomorrow.
Do you know why Tom doesn't want to come to Boston with us?
It's not likely to be cold tomorrow.
I could probably get Tom to do that.
It looks like we came at a bad time.
Tom enjoys babysitting.
I've tried everything, but not that.
I saw Mary sitting on Tom's lap.
I've just started eating meat again.
Tom is a lot older than me, isn't he?
I've had lots of chances to do that.
Do you have any idea where Tom might have left his camera?
I've decided to do that next Monday.
I could convince Tom not to do that.
I've been thinking about doing that.
Tom doesn't dislike it.
I've become accustomed to the smell.
I bet Tom is still in love Mary.
I've become accustomed to the noise.
Tom is a lot different now, isn't he?
I've always felt that way about you.
Was Tom the one who told you that you shouldn't do that?
I've always been a confident person.
I asked Tom where he parked his car.
I'm trying to figure out what to do.
Tom died of starvation.
I'm supposed to find that out today.
Tom was extremely rude to Mary.
I'm not willing to take that chance.
Tom is a little overweight, isn't he?
I'm not used to driving a truck yet.
Was Tom the one who told you that you needed to do that?
I'm not going to invest in your bar.
You shouldn't talk to Tom about it.
I'm going to Boston on October 20th.
Tom didn't eat dessert.
I'm glad you're enjoying yourselves.
Tom tried not to bothered Mary.
I'm getting married on October 20th.
Tom is a junior at Harvard, isn't he?
I'm excited about tomorrow's picnic.
How many times a week do you help Tom with his homework?
I'm downloading those documents now.
You should give Tom some more time.
I'm disappointed with these results.
Tom did that with ease.
I'll never do that again, I promise.
Tom told me how heavy Mary was.
I wasn't wearing shoes at that time.
Tom is a good story teller, isn't he?
I was too tired to continue working.
Are you telling me Tom doesn't know how to speak French?
I was really disappointed in myself.
We should take Tom to a specialist.
I was never very good at doing that.
Tom did it his own way.
I was never that good at doing that.
Tom told Mary to pay attention.
I was angry before, but not anymore.
Tom is a good photographer, isn't he?
I want you to do that by yourselves.
Was Tom the one who told you that you ought to do that?
I tried to avoid talking about that.
There's nothing else Tom has to do.
I suggest you do that by yourselves.
Tom decided to do both.
I stayed in the hospital for a week.
Tom told Mary to do it herself.
I should've bought something to eat.
Tom is a good banjo player, isn't he?
I plan to start doing that tomorrow.
Do you still hang out with Tom as much as you used to?
I might go there tomorrow afternoon.
The police arrested Tom in October.
I haven't tried doing that in years.
Tom could barely stand.
I haven't had to do that in a while.
Tom stole some of Mary's money.
I have a long list of things to buy.
Tom is a dependable person, isn't he?
I found it difficult to concentrate.
Are you telling me Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore?
That was the only thing Tom had do.
I don't want you doing that anymore.
Tom considered suicide.
I don't want to drive in this storm.
Tom seldom does what Mary does.
I don't think you really meant that.
Tom is a dedicated teacher, isn't he?
I don't know what actually happened.
Was Tom the one who told you that you should do that?
I don't know what I'd do without it.
Praying for Tom is all we can do.
I didn't know what else I should do.
Tom carefully did that.
I didn't expect to be asked to sing.
Tom saw the dog attacking Mary.
I definitely want to try to do that.
Tom is a college professor, isn't he?
I definitely want to try doing that.
Was Tom the one who told you that you had to do that?
I definitely don't plan to be there.
Neither Tom nor I can speak French.
Tom can fix it himself.
I can't remember where I put my bag.
Tom rarely does what Mary does.
I can't let you in without a ticket.
Tom is a bit older than me, isn't he?
How much money do taxi drivers make?
Do you still do that with Tom as much as you used to?
How much money do firefighters make?
It took Tom a long time to do that.
How much did this umbrella cost you?
Tom burps all the time.
How can we deal with this situation?
Tom made Mary wait a long time.
Have you ever been to a singles bar?
Tom is a basketball player, isn't he?
Have you been trying to lose weight?
Was Tom the one who told you what needed to be done?
Finding time to do that wasn't easy.
If Tom goes to Boston, I will, too.
Don't take yourselves too seriously.
Tom bought an aquarium.
Doing that will cost a lot of money.
Tom is tutoring Mary in French.
Do you always do that by yourselves?
Did you choose these songs yourself?
How certain are you that Tom knows how to do that?
Did you catch those fish yourselves?
I've told Tom why I should do that.
Could you please explain this to me?
Tom bought a new phone.
You've had many chances to do that.
Tom is trying to win Mary back.
You should've done that yourselves.
They don't sell what you want here.
Tom is wearing a new suit, isn't he?
Let's not leave anything to chance.
Tom is wearing a name tag, isn't he?
I think I convinced Tom to do that.
Tom asked Mary to drive slower.
Tom is waiting downstairs, isn't he?
Tom and Mary are teenagers now.
I can't stay for as long as I want.
Tom and Mary are both underage.
You sound very sure of yourselves.
Tom is trying to be funny, isn't he?
Why are you so hard on yourselves?
All Tom ate was one slice of bread.
Why are you so good at doing that?
Tom is kind of chubby.
Why are you afraid to go to sleep?
I know why Tom was mad at Mary.
Who do you usually eat lunch with?
Tom is too young to drive, isn't he?
Who did you buy those glasses for?
When did Tom say that he heard that story?
Who did you buy that umbrella for?
"Do you believe Tom?" "Not really."
What you said made a lot of sense.
Tom is in third grade.
We've had many chances to do that.
I didn't want Tom to help Mary.
We're not going to do anything today.
Tom is too young to drink, isn't he?
We were having trouble doing that.
How many times has Tom done that with you?
We have an upstairs bathroom, too.
You'll have to ask Tom yourselves.
We had only one chance to do that.
Tom is in high school.
We can't afford to take that risk.
Both Tom and Mary are arrogant.
Unfortunately, I lost my umbrella.
Tom is too young for that, isn't he?
This October is warmer than usual.
How did Tom know we were going to do this?
These two things are very similar.
You should ask Tom about all this.
There's nothing else I need to do.
Tom is in front of me.
There's nothing else I have to do.
Tom won't give Mary any money.
There was nothing else I could do.
Tom is too shy to do that, isn't he?
That's the school I used to go to.
Why don't you help Tom with his homework?
Tell me a little about yourselves.
We want to get to know Tom better.
Stop feeling sorry for yourselves.
Tom is eating a snack.
So far, I haven't been successful.
Smiling can make you feel happier.
Tom is too old to do that, isn't he?
Sit down here and warm yourselves.
Why doesn't Tom ride his bicycle to work?
Prepare yourselves for the future.
We should give Tom some more time.
Our group doesn't meet in October.
Tom is drinking vodka.
Neither of us is going to do that.
Tom will be driving Mary home.
My dog has probably run off again.
Tom is too drunk to drive, isn't he?
Most of us didn't want to do that.
Most of us didn't have to do that.
We should ask Tom to mow our lawn.
Let's change the name of our band.
Tom is at the counter.
It won't be as scary as you think.
Tom was disrespectful to Mary.
Is it really OK if I do that, too?
Tom is through doing that, isn't he?
Is it necessary for us to do that?
Is it necessary for me to do that?
We didn't do what Tom said we did.
I've started writing another book.
Tom is an interpreter.
I've made some terrible decisions.
Tom told me how rude Mary was.
I've had no chance to do that yet.
Tom is taking a huge risk, isn't he?
I've decided not to go to college.
Was Tom the one who told you what to buy?
I've been unhappy for a long time.
The police arrested Tom yesterday.
I'm tired of hearing your excuses.
Tom is an awkward kid.
I'm the one who bought these eggs.
Tom told Mary what he thought.
I'm really enjoying my retirement.
Tom is studying right now, isn't he?
I'm pretty skeptical at this time.
How did Tom win three championships?
I'm pretty disappointed right now.
The only fish Tom likes is salmon.
I'm planning to do something else.
Tom is already in bed.
I'm not used to working this hard.
Tom told Mary to wash her car.
I'm not used to working all night.
Tom is studying in Boston, isn't he?
I'm not used to this cold weather.
How many times did you see Tom last week?
I'm going to keep studying French.
Several weeks later, Tom was dead.
I'm extremely disappointed in you.
Tom is alive and well.
I'm a little overweight right now.
Tom told Mary about his plans.
I'll never forget that experience.
Tom is stronger than I am, isn't he?
I'll call you when supper's ready.
How certain are you that Tom can do that?
Let me help Tom with his homework.
I'd rather be at home watching TV.
Tom is afraid of that.
I'd never seen that happen before.
Tom shouldn't call Mary again.
I'd be interested in volunteering.
Tom is stranded somewhere, isn't he?
I wouldn't mind if you left early.
Do you think we convinced Tom to do that?
I wonder what we ought to do next.
It looks like Tom is still groggy.
I won't be doing that this summer.
Tom is afraid of mice.
I was really struggling with that.
Tom refused to let Mary leave.
I was quite depressed for a while.
Tom is still working hard, isn't he?
I was never very good at swimming.
I was never that good at swimming.
I've complained to Tom about that.
I was hot, so I opened the window.
Tom is afraid of bees.
I was getting tired of doing that.
Tom never does what Mary does.
I was caught completely off guard.
Tom is still pretty young, isn't he?
I want it as soon as I can get it.
Was Tom the one who told you what to do?
I tried to avoid talking about it.
I wonder if Tom is back in Boston.
I still want to do that sometimes.
Tom is a great dancer.
I still get exhausted very easily.
Tom loves gossiping with Mary.
I really need to find another job.
Tom is still on probation, isn't he?
I need to tell you something else.
Was Tom the one who told you about that?
I like the way you make spaghetti.
I wanted to know why Tom did this.
I know lots of people who do that.
Tom is a good captain.
I just want to keep on doing that.
Tom knows Mary is from Boston.
I just finished reading that book.
Tom is still in the house, isn't he?
I hope you keep watching our show.
Was Tom the one who caused this problem?
I haven't yet had time to do that.
I wanted to know why Tom did that.
I have nothing more to say to you.
Tom is a drummer, too.
I have confidence in my teammates.
Tom is going to help Mary out.
I had a dog when I was growing up.
Tom is sleeping right now, isn't he?
I going back to Boston in October.
How many years has Tom been living here?
I forgot where I left my umbrella.
I think Tom is being hypocritical.
I don't understand how to do that.
Tom is a crazy person.
I did that just a few minutes ago.
Tom is eating lunch with Mary.
I could buy you one if you'd like.
Tom is seeing a therapist, isn't he?
I can't quite see what's going on.
How many times has Tom done that before?
I can't explain why that happened.
I still think about Tom sometimes.
I can't drive. I've been drinking.
Tom has to leave soon.
Tom has been horrible to Mary.
I can't afford this kind of house.
Tom is scared of the dark, isn't he?
I can only do one thing at a time.
Does Tom know what you're talking about?
I almost didn't get there in time.
I really don't know Tom very well.
I'm able to do that, and so can you.
Tom has squeaky shoes.
How would you describe yourselves?
Tom doesn't like Mary anymore.
How often do you go to a hospital?
Tom is pretty competitive, isn't he?
How much are you going to be paid?
Why does Tom like wearing hats so much?
Help yourselves to some ice cream.
I plan to meet Tom at the airport.
Have you already fed the chickens?
Tom has a boring life.
Do we really have to sell our car?
Tom does that as well as Mary.
Can you think of another solution?
Tom is pretty adventurous, isn't he?
Be careful not to hurt yourselves.
What's Tom going to do on October 20th?
Be careful not to burn yourselves.
I never expected to see Tom there.
Are you willing to take that risk?
Tom finished the soup.
You should've gone by yourselves.
Tom didn't give Mary anything.
You should do that by yourselves.
Tom is painting his house, isn't he?
You seem very sure of yourselves.
How many times has Tom done that today?
You need to think for yourselves.
I listened to what Tom was saying.
You must take care of yourselves.
Tom finished his soup.
You know Boston better than I do.
Tom asked Mary why she'd lied.
You can leave now if you want to.
Tom is on the soccer team, isn't he?
Winning the trophy made me happy.
Does Tom know how to get to your house?
Why is your bike in the backyard?
I have no idea what Tom has to do.
Why exactly did you want to do that?
Tom fell in the ditch.
Why exactly did you need to do that?
Tom asked Mary to wake him up.
Why exactly did you have to do that?
Tom is old enough to vote, isn't he?
Why don't you do that yourselves?
Does Tom have any brothers and sisters?
Why didn't you ask me for advice?
I don't want to ask Tom for money.
Who did you get this recipe from?
Tom dropped his books.
When did you take these pictures?
Tom asked Mary to pick him up.
When did you buy this mayonnaise?
Tom is obliged to do that, isn't he?
What you do doesn't matter to me.
Did Tom tell you what needs to be done?
What will this new park be named?
I don't want Tom to know about it.
What happened was pretty strange.
Tom does that with us.
What fruit do you eat most often?
Tom asked Mary to come inside.
We started doing that a week ago.
Tom is much older than me, isn't he?
We never had a chance to do that.
Could Tom Jackson be the next champion?
We need to have a family meeting.
I don't want Tom to do that today.
We don't sell what you want here.
Tom demanded evidence.
We ate all the food on the table.
Tom asked Mary to be his wife.
This situation is out of control.
Tom is majoring in French, isn't he?
They should've been more careful.
Why doesn't Tom like living in Boston?
These shoes are too tight for me.
I don't think Tom liked the party.
These pants are too tight for me.
The bus stop isn't far from here.
Tom asked Mary if John was OK.
That was the only thing I had to do.
Tom is likely to be early, isn't he?
That doesn't sound logical to me.
Why does Tom not want to leave Boston?
That decision has yet to be made.
I didn't want to ask Tom for help.
My glass broke when I dropped it.
Tom can fix it for us.
Most of us don't want to do that.
Tom appreciated what Mary did.
Most of us don't need to do that.
Tom is likely to be awake, isn't he?
Most of us don't have to do that.
Let's meet again on October 20th.
I didn't understand what Tom said.
Let's eat breakfast on the porch.
Tom came home with me.
Keep your thoughts to yourselves.
Tom and Mary work night shift.
It's not likely to snow tomorrow.
Tom is likely to be alone, isn't he?
It won't be necessary to do that.
What does Tom know that we don't know?
Is the coffee too strong for you?
I didn't expect Tom to be so tall.
If you want to leave, then leave.
Tom brought me a gift.
If you want to dance, then dance.
It would be unethical for me to talk about Tom's medical problems.
I've never worked as a carpenter.
Tom agreed to drive Mary home.
I've just been bitten by a snake.
Tom is leaving right away, isn't he?
I've had many chances to do that.
Was Tom the one who told you about it?
I've decided not to study abroad.
I didn't expect Tom to be so nice.
I've been trying to make a movie.
Tom bleached his hair.
I've been trying to learn French.
"Whose umbrella is this?" "I don't know, but I maybe it's Tom's."
I've been trying to do just that.
They say that Tom killed Mary.
I've been sick since last Monday.
Tom is kind of busy today, isn't he?
I've already had a cup of coffee.
How many cups of coffee did Tom drink?
I'm very proud of my grandfather.
I almost convinced Tom to do that.
I'm pretty pessimistic right now.
Tom ate three cookies.
I'm pretty heartbroken right now.
"Whose bicycle is this?" "I don't know, but I think it's Tom's."
I'm pretty embarrassed right now.
They knew that Tom hated Mary.
I'm pretty discouraged right now.
Tom is in the third grade, isn't he?
I'm not used to the climate here.
Do you think Tom will understand this?
I'm not used to doing this alone.
Doing that with Tom was a mistake.
I'm not used to being laughed at.
Tom got up early, too.
I'm not happy with the situation.
Tom's grandfather on his mother's side has already passed away.
I'm not going to sell the horses.
Mary is getting her hair done.
I'm not going to open the window.
Tom is in serious trouble, isn't he?
I'm a father of three young kids.
Do you think Tom will understand that?
I'd love to play tennis with you.
Ask Tom if he wants to go with us.
I'd be willing to take that risk.
Tom already knew that.
I wouldn't have changed anything.
Tom's mother won't let him come out to play with us today.
I wonder what we ought to do now.
Mary doesn't like waitressing.
I wonder what we need to do next.
Tom is here because of me, isn't he?
I wonder what we have to do next.
Do you still not know where Tom lives?
I won't tell you my phone number.
You shouldn't trust Tom too much.
I won't be able to do that tomorrow.
Tom already has a car.
I wasn't allowed to say anything.
What's the best way to get to Tom's apartment from here?
I wasn't allowed to eat anything.
I wonder what Tom did to Mary.
I was surprised by what happened.
Tom is having a good time, isn't he?
I tried to do that, but couldn't.
Did Tom eat the whole cake by himself?
I really wasn't going to do that.
You should tell Tom what you did.
I really don't care what happens.
Tom was stressed out.
I often forget to brush my teeth.
Tom's friends aren't interested in doing that with him.
I need you to do that yourselves.
I know why Tom is mad at Mary.
I myself wouldn't have done that.
Tom is good at basketball, isn't he?
I loved the way people responded.
Could you give Tom and me a ride home?
I lost one of my boys in the war.
You should ask Tom to explain it.
I know all of my students' names.
Tom was acting weird.
I knew we didn't have to do that.
I saw the look on Tom's face and knew that he was angry.
I have a lot more books than you.
Tom won't go to Mary's party.
I had a very enjoyable time here.
Tom is going to walk home, isn't he?
I've got something else to give you.
Why doesn't Tom want to leave Boston?
We've given Tom money to do that.
I don't want to break your heart.
Tom seemed resentful.
I don't have much of an appetite.
I'm getting pretty tired of Tom's constant complaining.
I didn't see anything bad happen.
Tom was disappointed in Mary.
I didn't really enjoy the picnic.
Tom is going to try again, isn't he?
I couldn't find the light switch.
Why does Tom want to stop doing that?
I can't wait to meet your family.
We should ask Tom to work for us.
I can't understand French at all.
Tom put the fire out.
I can't tell my parents anything.
Tom's car was found abandoned on the side of the road.
I can't remember why we did that.
Tom told Mary to invite John.
I can't really do that right now.
Tom is going to the beach, isn't he?
I can't go out dressed like this.
We should ask Tom for permission.
I can't give you your money back.
Tom ordered potatoes.
I can't give you that much money.
If I remember correctly, Tom's birthday is in October.
I can't explain why this happens.
Tom might not have seen Mary.
I bought this umbrella in Boston.
Tom is going to stay here, isn't he?
I actually don't like doing this.
What was it like when Tom kissed you?
How often do you break the rules?
They gave Tom a chance to escape.
Go get yourself something to eat.
Tom loves this place.
Give me some more coffee, please.
I'm looking forward to hearing what Tom's opinion is.
Finding time to do that was hard.
Tom filmed Mary's concert.
Don't let yourselves be provoked.
Tom is going to need this, isn't he?
Don't be afraid to be yourselves.
What happened to Tom on October 20th?
Doing that won't change anything.
Please ask Tom to sit over there.
Do you still want something else?
Tom keeps doing that.
Do you still not know what to do?
What's the best way to get to Tom's place from here?
Do you still have any money left?
Tom gave Mary a back massage.
Do you have the nerve to do that?
Tom is going to need help, isn't he?
Do you consider yourselves lucky?
Is Tom going to study French with us?
Did you get the money I sent you?
Maybe Tom will feel the same way.
Did you enjoy yourselves tonight?
Tom isn't in bed yet.
What's the best way to get to Tom's house from here?
Be careful not to cut yourselves.
Tom is going to get fired, isn't he?
Aren't you ashamed of yourselves?
Has Tom told you what has to be done?
Are you hiding something from us?
I'll stay up until Tom gets home.
Are you doing that by yourselves?
Tom is very tolerant.
All you care about is yourselves.
Tom's sense of smell isn't as good as it used to be.
You've done well for yourselves.
Tom asked for Mary's address.
You're not going to go, are you?
Tom is going to be famous, isn't he?
You're going to hurt yourselves.
Does Tom do that more often nowadays?
You need to take a look at this.
I'll see if Tom wants to do that.
You may sit here if you want to.
Tom is very informal.
You can sit here if you want to.
Tom's parents caught him smoking behind the garage.
You can leave whenever you like.
Tom asked Mary to let him in.
Tom is going to be a cook, isn't he?
Did Tom tell you what has to be done?
Why are you so good at swimming?
I wonder why Tom looks so sleepy.
Why are you so good at baseball?
Tom is usually wrong.
Why are you so dressed up today?
Tom's father took us to the Natural History Museum.
Why are you making us wait here?
Tom asked Mary to let him go.
Why are you being so nice to us?
Tom is going to apologize, isn't he?
Why are you being so mean to us?
Can you guess what Tom told us to do?
Who's that cute girl over there?
I wonder who Tom thinks did that.
Where did you buy those glasses?
Tom is sleeping, too.
Where did you buy that umbrella?
The only way to get to Tom's house from here is on foot.
When will you be back in Boston?
Tom asked Mary if she smoked.
When did you lose your notebook?
Tom is going back to jail, isn't he?
What kind of things do you need?
We're about to start doing that.
I wish Tom hadn't come back here.
They wouldn't allow me to leave.
Tom is rollerblading.
They wouldn't allow me to enter.
Tom's house is small, but it's big enough for him.
These scissors are really sharp.
Tom and Mary were astonished.
The airport isn't far from here.
Tom is doing his homework, isn't he?
That won't be easy for me to do.
That doesn't seem logical to me.
I still can't get Tom to do that.
Stop underestimating yourselves.
Tom is kind of nerdy.
Stop making fools of yourselves.
Tom's parents caught him drinking in his bedroom.
Staying at home isn't an option.
Tom and Mary want to do that.
Please tell us about yourselves.
Tom is doing better today, isn't he?
Our rates will go up in October.
When did Tom buy this tennis racket?
Listen and repeat each sentence.
I see Tom coming down the street.
It's walking distance from here.
Tom is in room three.
It'll be necessary to come back.
Tom's girlfriend is three years older than he is.
It hasn't snowed much this year.
Tom and Mary need to do that.
It hasn't rained much this year.
Tom is difficult to reach, isn't he?
In 2013, I was still a teenager.
I call you as soon as Tom gets here.
I've gotten used to living here.
I never expected to see Tom here.
I've been having fun ever since.
Tom is enjoying that.
I'm tired and want to go to bed.
I teach Tom's children French three times a week.
Tom and Mary have to do that.
I'm still not very good at golf.
Tom is crazy about tennis, isn't he?
I'm pretty optimistic right now.
Do you think Tom will understand it?
I'm pretty frustrated right now.
I know what would make Tom happy.
I'm pretty determined right now.
Tom is enjoying life.
I'm not used to staying up late.
Tom's apartment is near where the bomb exploded.
I'm not interested in that case.
Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
I'm not interested in carpentry.
Tom is coming this Monday, isn't he?
Did you talk to Tom on October 20th?
I'm not familiar with this area.
I don't want Tom to hurt himself.
I'm looking forward to that day.
Tom is drinking wine.
I'm likely the richest one here.
They found Tom's body buried in a shallow grave.
I'm in a really good mood today.
Tom and Mary are over thirty.
I'm going to keep on doing that.
Tom is coming next Monday, isn't he?
I'm getting tired of doing that.
Did you like it when Tom kissed you?
I'm considering quitting my job.
I don't want Tom to do that here.
Tom is doing sit-ups.
I'll try to be home before 2:30.
All four of Tom's grandparents are still living.
I'll see you tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
I'll have the chance to do that.
Tom is coming for a visit, isn't he?
I'll get something to eat later.
Why on earth did you tell Tom that?
I'd feel comfortable doing that.
I don't do that with Tom anymore.
I wouldn't mind if you did that.
Tom is being ignored.
I wonder what we need to do now.
Tom's room is a lot messier than his brother's.
I wonder what we have to do now.
Tom and Mary are discouraged.
I won't be coaching this summer.
Tom is buying a new house, isn't he?
I was young and naive back then.
Why does Tom want this information?
I was very nervous at that time.
I didn't want Tom at our wedding.
I was too tired to keep working.
Tom is a violent man.
I was raised by my grandparents.
Tom's parents have grounded him for three days.
I was having trouble doing that.
Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I wanted to be a French teacher.
Tom is busy at the moment, isn't he?
I want you to behave yourselves.
Why does Tom want that information?
I understood absolutely nothing.
I didn't think I'd see Tom there.
I still have trouble doing that.
Tom is a teenage boy.
I started doing that a week ago.
Tom's chances of being elected are pretty good.
I seem to have lost my passport.
Tom and Mary are both lonely.
I really need to find a new job.
Tom is breaking the rules, isn't he?
I really haven't been to Boston.
Why does Tom want all these things?
I only have thirty dollars left.
I didn't believe a word Tom said.
I only drank three mugs of beer.
Tom is a meth addict.
I only drank three cans of beer.
There'll be a party at Tom's on October 20th.
I just needed a little time off.
Mary didn't kill her husband.
I insist that you do that today.
Tom is being very selfish, isn't he?
I haven't yet gotten used to it.
Why does Tom need this information?
I haven't done anything illegal.
I can't remember where Tom lives.
I find it very comfortable here.
Tom is a little brat.
I feel young and full of energy.
Could you please tell me where Tom's office is?
I don't want to stop doing this.
Why is Tom pointing at Mary?
I don't want to eat there again.
Tom is back from his trip, isn't he?
I don't remember where you work.
Why does Tom need that information?
I don't often drink fruit juice.
I can't believe Tom ate all that.
I don't like driving after dark.
I might be the only one in this group who doesn't hate Tom.
Tom has to go to bed.
I didn't think I'd see you here.
What's the best way to get to Tom's from here?
I didn't really enjoy this book.
What'll Tom do without Mary?
I didn't really enjoy the party.
Tom is at the supermarket, isn't he?
I didn't really enjoy the movie.
Why does Tom like living in Boston?
I could do that if you'd let me.
I can hear Tom playing his banjo.
I can't go downstairs right now.
There used to be a boy in our neighborhood named Tom.
I can't believe we ate all that.
Tom has been scolded.
I can understand those comments.
I'm going to be meeting Tom's parents tonight.
I can probably get that for you.
Tom wants Mary to come over.
I asked them where they're from.
Tom is at the library now, isn't he?
How much do you expect to get paid?
Was it Tom who told you about this?
How much did this computer cost?
Don't forget to call Tom tonight.
Help yourselves to some cookies.
All I really wanted to do was to spend time with Tom.
Don't be too hard on yourselves.
Tom has a good brain.
Don't be so rough on yourselves.
I'm getting pretty tired of Tom's complaining.
Don't be so harsh on yourselves.
Tom told me to talk to Mary.
Did you come here by yourselves?
Tom is asleep in his room, isn't he?
Can't you do that by yourselves?
Is it necessary for Tom to do that?
Can you lend me a pair of tweezers?
Convincing Tom will be difficult.
Buy yourselves something to eat.
You aren't the only one who's had problems with Tom.
Bus drivers have gone on strike.
Tom grew up overseas.
Are you traveling by yourselves?
Tom's wife is three years younger than he is.
You won't find doing that easy.
Tom told Mary to take a nap.
You shouldn't blame yourselves.
Tom is an outgoing person, isn't he?
You need to protect yourselves.
Did you tell Tom that we'd be here?
You need to prepare yourselves.
The door opened and Tom entered.
You may wear anything you like.
How long has it been since you've spoken with Tom?
You have to forgive yourselves.
Tom got really drunk.
You have to do that yourselves.
Tom's parents caught him trying to sneak out.
You can't really change people.
Tom told Mary to eat slower.
You can't change your username.
Tom is an ophthalmologist, isn't he?
You can wear anything you like.
Would you mind helping Tom and me?
Would I be fired if I did that?
Tell Tom how you went to Boston.
Why don't you do it yourselves?
I don't want to do anything that would upset Tom.
Why are you wearing a name tag?
Tom got paid in cash.
Why are you trying to scare me?
There wasn't a single mistake in Tom's essay.
Why are you still on this team?
Tom told Mary to be quieter.
Why are you selling your house?
Tom is an interesting guy, isn't he?
Why are you being so obnoxious?
Why exactly does Tom want to do that?
Why are you acting so childish?
Maybe Tom doesn't want to leave.
Who's going to do that for you?
The police had trouble putting handcuffs on Tom.
When do you see that happening?
Tom got in the water.
When did you say that happened?
Tom's voice was the loudest one in the room.
When did you lose your car key?
Tom saw everything Mary did.
When did you buy those glasses?
Tom is an excellent skier, isn't he?
When did you buy this umbrella?
Why exactly does Tom need to do that?
When did you buy that umbrella?
Let's wait until Tom comes back.
What's wrong with how I did it?
I'm grateful for everything you've done for Tom.
What difference will that make?
Tom didn't turn back.
Tom's trial is set to start on October 20th.
We won't have time to do today.
Tom met Mary in the library.
We won't be allowed to do that.
Tom is an education major, isn't he?
We had a cool summer this year.
Why exactly does Tom have to do that?
We can leave now if we want to.
It was Tom who caused this mess.
We ate everything on the table.
I don't often win when playing tennis with Tom.
Watch what I do very carefully.
Tom did it with ease.
This was approved last October.
I don't know where Tom's French textbook is.
This is the place to be, right?
Tom is brushing Mary's hair.
This is the place I want to be.
Tom is always very polite, isn't he?
There's nothing more I can say.
Why doesn't Tom like working here?
The coffee is too hot to drink.
I've given Tom too many chances.
That sweater looks good on you.
There must be someone somewhere who likes Tom.
Some of our knives are missing.
Tom did a lot for us.
Send me pictures of yourselves.
Did you think any of Tom's jokes were funny?
Put this back where you got it.
Tom has been harassing Mary.
Pregnant women shouldn't smoke.
Tom is always saying that, isn't he?
Please take care of yourselves.
Why does Tom want to leave Boston?
Please stop trying to be funny.
I'm sorry, Tom. I can't do this.
Neither of us likes doing that.
I have no musical talent and neither does Tom.
Is it really OK if I come, too?
Tom crumpled the bag.
I've said this a million times.
We celebrated Tom's birthday one day early.
I've never spent a day in jail.
Tom has been deceiving Mary.
I've heard about what happened.
Tom is allowed to do that, isn't he?
I've gotten used to doing this.
Why does Tom need another bicycle?
I've been sick for a long time.
I'll help Tom with his homework.
I've become accustomed to that.
I don't like the same kind of TV shows as Tom.
I've always liked the outdoors.
Tom coaches our team.
I'm waiting for my opportunity.
Tom's wife is three years older than he is.
I'm proud of what they've done.
Tom has been bothering Mary.
I'm pretty miserable right now.
Tom is afraid of the dark, isn't he?
I'm pretty intrigued right now.
Why did Tom want you to come here?
I'm pretty desperate right now.
I'd prefer that Tom not do that.
I'm pretty depressed right now.
I didn't come here to see you, but to see Tom.
I'm not going to shut the door.
Tom blocked the door.
I'm not exactly an outdoorsman.
Tom's parents caught him smoking marijuana.
I'm just telling you the facts.
Tom expects me to help Mary.
I'm interested in volunteering.
Tom is a very wealthy man, isn't he?
I'm here and I'm ready to help.
What do you guys expect Tom to do?
I'm going to make you eat that.
I wonder where Tom is this week.
I'm already used to doing that.
I was trying to do something special for Tom.
I'm afraid to go into the cave.
Tom ate three donuts.
I'll take that exam in October.
Tom's funeral will be held on October 20th.
I'll meet you in the lunchroom.
Tom could hear Mary singing.
I'll know if you don't do that.
Tom is a very patient man, isn't he?
I'll get the chance to do that.
Was Tom the one who told you this?
I wouldn't want that to happen.
I wonder what Tom did yesterday.
I wonder what we should do now.
I can't stop thinking about how we hurt Tom.
I won't eat breakfast tomorrow.
Tom ate some popcorn.
I wasn't aware of that problem.
Tom's French pronunciation isn't very good.
I wasn't allowed in that store.
Tom brought Mary a sandwich.
I was really starting to worry.
Tom is a very hard worker, isn't he?
I was pretty surprised by that.
How much is Tom going to get paid?
I was only stating the obvious.
I wonder how long Tom was there.
I was getting ready to do that.
The dictionary on the table belongs to Tom.
I was expecting that to happen.
Tom asked us to stay.
I want to talk to your brother.
I have no idea what Tom's father's name is.
I used to work as a copywriter.
Tom asked Mary to take over.
I see no reason not to do that.
Tom is a very good skater, isn't he?
I really wasn't in any trouble.
How long has Tom been living here?
I really want this for my kids.
I watched as Tom got into a car.
I probably should've just left.
It was very nice of you to do that for Tom.
I needed three liters of blood.
I need to take my medicine now.
All of Tom's grandparents are still living.
I know lots of French teachers.
Tom asked Mary to stop that.
I just wish that I could leave.
Tom is a very good singer, isn't he?
I just want to keep doing that.
Does Tom have a chance of winning?
I haven't finished my homework.
I was inspired by what Tom said.
I haven't accepted the job yet.
I was shocked to hear what happened to Tom.
I have the next three days off.
Tom arrives tomorrow.
I have a chance of being cured.
Tom's trial will continue on October 20th.
I grew up going to this church.
Tom asked Mary to slow down.
I doubt if that really matters.
Tom is a very good driver, isn't he?
I don't like that kind of cake.
Why exactly did Tom want to do that?
I didn't intend to deceive you.
I want to know why Tom did this.
I did what I thought was right.
How many times have you done that with Tom?
I did only what I wanted to do.
Tom works near here.
I couldn't help the way I felt.
Tom's doctor has told him to stop smoking.
I can't remember what happened.
Tom asked Mary to pull over.
I can't quite make sense of it.
Tom is a very good dancer, isn't he?
I can't go back home right now.
Why exactly did Tom need to do that?
I can't do that with you today.
I want Tom to stay away from me.
I can't afford to go to Boston.
Have you had an opportunity to talk to Tom?
I can't afford a car right now.
Tom won't forget it.
I always put my children first.
Tom's doctor has told him to quit smoking.
Tom asked Mary to find John.
How much do you expect to be paid?
Tom is a very good artist, isn't he?
How much do truck drivers make?
Why exactly did Tom have to do that?
How much did those onions cost?
I tried to contact Tom by phone.
How much are you asking for it?
Why are you going to the picnic with Tom?
How did you like the reception?
Tom will fight back.
Help yourselves to some grapes.
I won't be going to Tom's on October 20th.
Give yourselves plenty of time.
Tom asked Mary to come over.
Don't underestimate yourselves.
Tom is a very fussy eater, isn't he?
Don't make fools of yourselves.
Why don't you invite Tom to stay?
Don't go outside. It's raining.
I told Tom to tell me the truth.
Don't go into the jungle alone.
I don't want to do anything to upset Tom.
Don't compare yourselves to us.
Tom wasn't drinking.
Don't be so hard on yourselves.
Neither of Tom's parents went to college.
Do you remember how to do that?
Tom asked Mary to call John.
Do you consider yourself young?
Tom is a very busy person, isn't he?
Do you consider yourself lucky?
Why don't you ask Tom for advice?
Do we really have to leave now?
I had no idea Tom would be here.
Aren't you enjoying yourselves?
I didn't come to see you, but to see Tom.
Tom was wrong again.
You're too hard on yourselves.
I'm going to be at Tom's on October 20th.
You should turn yourselves in.
Tom and Mary know something.
You should do that yourselves.
Tom is a tough competitor, isn't he?
You should ask yourselves why.
Why does Tom want to leave today?
You may as well go yourselves.
I got drunk with Tom last night.
You have to defend yourselves.
Did you get a chance to apologize to Tom?
You have quite an imagination.
Tom was lying to us.
You can sit wherever you like.
I wonder who was in Tom's office at 2.30.
You can sit anywhere you like.
Tom and Mary have done that.
You can eat whenever you like.
Tom is a terrible manager, isn't he?
Why did you buy those glasses?
Why does Tom want all this stuff?
Why did you buy that umbrella?
I don't know where Tom got that.
Why are you trying to do this?
I'm looking forward to working with Tom.
Why are you afraid to do that?
Tom was lying to me.
Where did you learn that from?
Tom's wife is younger than his daughter.
Where are you going next week?
Tom and Mary have both left.
When did you lose your gloves?
Tom is a talkative person, isn't he?
What motivated you to do that?
Why does Tom need to leave today?
What fruits are in season now?
I didn't want Tom to see me cry.
What did you do to yourselves?
I'm going to spend the evening with Tom.
What convinced you to do that?
Tom was in the dark.
We've got a marketing problem.
Tom's voice was the loudest in the room.
We won't have time to do that.
Tom and Mary have been sick.
We won't allow that to happen.
Tom is a talented painter, isn't he?
We had a great time in Boston.
Why does Tom need three bicycles?
We didn't get a chance to try.
I didn't want Tom to be unhappy.
We can't hide here any longer.
How long have you been working with Tom?
Was I not supposed to do that?
Tom was a crazy kid.
That happened in late October.
Tom's thirtieth birthday is next Monday.
Tell us more about yourselves.
Tom and Mary have been hurt.
Tell me more about yourselves.
Tom is a talented drummer, isn't he?
Swear you won't do that again.
Why does Tom like Boston so much?
I didn't think I'd see Tom here.
Our baby has started crawling.
All I want to do is spend time with Tom.
Most of us have done that.
Tom seems to be ill.
Let me explain why I did that.
Tom's locker is a lot messier than mine.
It'll be necessary to do that.
Tom and Mary are suspicious.
I've started doing that again.
Tom is a really smart guy, isn't he?
I've never actually used this.
Why does Tom have to leave today?
I've learned from my mistakes.
I didn't know what Tom had said.
I've helped other people, too.
Who's going to the airport to meet Tom?
I've gotten used to the smell.
Tom seemed contrite.
I've gotten used to the noise.
Tom's dog likes to have his belly rubbed.
I've got to leave before 2:30.
Tom and Mary are successful.
I've been sick for three days.
Tom is a really good cook, isn't he?
I've been on TV several times.
Why does Tom hate Boston so much?
I've been called a pig before.
I didn't hear anything Tom said.
I'm pretty homesick right now.
The police had trouble handcuffing Tom.
I'm pretty helpless right now.
Tom may go home now.
I'm pretty confused right now.
Tom's French pronunciation is very good.
I'm not yet used to the smell.
Tom and Mary are frustrated.
I'm not used to being ignored.
Tom is a real good friend, isn't he?
I'm not that hungry right now.
When did Tom take these pictures?
I'm not talking about just me.
I didn't expect Tom to admit it.
I'm not interested in science.
I don't feel a lot of sympathy for Tom.
I'm having a very good time.
Tom married a widow.
I'm happy with what I'm doing.
Tom's French pronunciation is excellent.
I'm going to keep working out.
Tom and Mary are adults now.
I'm going to keep this letter.
Tom is a lot better today, isn't he?
I'm going to keep on fighting.
When did Tom learn to make pizza?
I'm glad everything went well.
Hurry! Tom is bleeding to death.
I'm drinking a glass of ros.
How long have you been working for Tom?
I'm dreading this whole thing.
Tom loves gossiping.
I'm always learning something.
I don't know where Tom's sunglasses are.
I'll have a chance to do that.
Tom and Mary agreed on that.
I'll be there on October 20th.
Tom is a little bit crazy, isn't he?
I'd prefer a simpler approach.
How did Tom make that much money?
I'd need to see more evidence.
Almost all of what Tom said was true.
I'd like to be there with you.
Who is the person sitting next to Tom?
I wouldn't want to live there.
Tom liked the party.
I won't tell you who did that.
I don't know where Tom's ski gloves are.
Perhaps Tom didn't see Mary.
I won't be able do that today.
Tom is a helicopter pilot, isn't he?
I was unhappy for a long time.
Has Tom done something bad again?
I was never treated like that.
We visited Tom in the hospital.
I was glad to be proven wrong.
They had a good reason for firing Tom.
I want to know how I can help.
Tom leapt to safety.
I want to finish school first.
I didn't want to discuss Tom's problems.
I understand what's happening.
Mary is helping her husband.
I read this book on the plane.
Tom is a graphic designer, isn't he?
I missed my chance to do that.
Do you think Tom will forgive us?
I know lots of guitar players.
We need to tell Tom everything.
I haven't tried that in years.
I wanted to do something nice for Tom.
I haven't got any energy left.
Tom is the director.
I haven't gone to college yet.
Could you tell me where Tom's office is?
I haven't done anything today.
Mary is a mother, isn't she?
I have confidence in you guys.
Tom is a graduate student, isn't he?
I had a headache this morning.
Why don't we ask Tom for advice?
I forgot to do that yesterday.
We can count on Tom to do that.
I feel like going out tonight.
I really enjoy writing songs with Tom.
I don't worry about it at all.
Tom is really short.
I don't want to miss anything.
You should be careful around Tom's dog.
I don't want to do this again.
Mary has a handsome husband.
I don't usually drink tequila.
Tom is a good bass player, isn't he?
I don't think it'll affect me.
Why does Tom want us to do that?
I don't like driving at night.
Suddenly, Tom and I were alone.
I didn't see any other option.
I didn't have a chance to talk to Tom.
I didn't expect to be so busy.
Tom is really crazy.
I didn't expect anything else.
I know who was at Tom's office at 2.30.
I decided I'd take that risk.
Mary buttoned up her blouse.
I couldn't read anything more.
Tom is a college graduate, isn't he?
I could never stop loving you.
Why does Tom need a screwdriver?
I could be tempted to do that.
Please tell me how Tom behaved.
I can't tolerate this anymore.
Who'll go to the airport to meet Tom?
I can't stay with you forever.
Tom is in the water.
I can't leave the house today.
"Whose umbrella is this?" "It's Tom's."
I can't be everywhere at once.
Does Tom know what Mary did?
I also want to try doing that.
Tom is a Harvard graduate, isn't he?
How often do you go to church?
Why does Tom always arrive late?
How much do taxi drivers make?
Please show Tom how to do that.
How much do firefighters make?
I just can't stop thinking about Tom.
How do you support yourselves?
Tom is in the sauna.
French isn't my mother tongue.
Tom's room is a lot messier than mine.
Fill the bucket up with water.
Where did Tom go with Mary?
Everything looks so delicious.
Tom is a Canadian citizen, isn't he?
Doing that won't be an option.
Why do they want Tom to do that?
Does it rain a lot in October?
Most of what Tom said was true.
Do you know that woman's name?
You don't understand the women, Tom.
Tom is in the lobby.
Can you figure out the answer?
Tom's parents caught him smoking weed.
Tom left Boston in October.
Tom wouldn't have hit Mary.
Are both of you students here?
Tom will know what to do, won't he?
You're worrying way too much.
Why did you dislike Tom so much?
You underestimate yourselves.
Maybe Tom wants to go with you.
You need to do it yourselves.
Why do you want to buy this for Tom?
You need to be more specific.
Tom is in the front.
You made fools of yourselves.
Tom's funeral will be on October 20th.
You have to do it yourselves.
Tom won't let Mary do this.
You can walk there from here.
Tom isn't a teacher anymore, is he?
Why did you bring this to me?
Who does Tom usually study with?
Why are you still doing that?
Many women find Tom attractive.
Why are you so grouchy today?
It was very nice of you to help Tom.
Why are you so good at chess?
Tom is grumpy today.
Why are you doing that today?
Tom's doctor told him to stop smoking.
Why are you acting so stupid?
Tom will be defending Mary.
Who do you usually work with?
Tom is your twin brother, isn't he?
Who did you buy that hat for?
When did Tom see that happening?
Where is your school located?
Let's wait until Tom gets here.
Where does your brother live?
I wouldn't want to do that with Tom.
When did you see that happen?
Tom is following me.
What time will the party end?
I live in the apartment next to Tom's.
What else do you want to see?
Tom was quite rude to Mary.
We're still going to do that.
Tom is your only brother, isn't he?
We'll laugh about this later.
We need to see more evidence.
Let's wait until Tom gets back.
We need to care of ourselves.
I have a few more questions for Tom.
We had ice cream for dessert.
Tom is fishing, too.
We had a good time in Boston.
Can you tell me where Tom's office is?
We can take the subway there.
Tom was introduced to Mary.
We ate ice cream for dessert.
Tom is your ex-boyfriend, isn't he?
We all know why you did that.
My name's Tom. What's your name?
That'll be easy for me to do.
Just don't tell Tom about this.
Stop embarrassing yourselves.
I can skate, but not as well as Tom.
Please don't cross this line.
Tom is fairly young.
October is my favorite month.
"Whose bicycle is this?" "It's Tom's."
Now's your chance to do that.
Tom was being mean to Mary.
Neither of us has to do that.
Tom is working on it now, isn't he?
Most of us shouldn't do that.
How old was Tom when he retired?
Let's do this again tomorrow?
I'll ask Tom to do that for us.
Just make yourselves at home.
I just want to spend time with Tom.
I've noticed a change lately.
Tom is busy outside.
I've never committed a crime.
Tom's hair was wet when he came home.
I've gotten used to the heat.
Tom took good care of Mary.
I've done a lot of traveling.
Tom is working in Boston, isn't he?
I've decided to study abroad.
How many months did Tom do that?
I've been here since October.
I wonder who Tom did this with.
I've always loved this place.
I haven't sent any pictures to Tom.
I've already called the cops.
Tom is back at work.
I've already called for help.
Tom's glass broke when he dropped it.
I'm writing a book in French.
Tom should drive Mary home.
I'm very positive about this.
Tom is wearing new shoes, isn't he?
I'm talking now about Boston.
Have you ever heard Tom singing?
I'm reading a book in French.
I wonder what Tom wants to eat.
I'm pretty worried right now.
I don't want my son to be like Tom.
I'm pretty puzzled right now.
Tom is already gone.
I'm pretty pleased right now.
Tom's dog has probably run off again.
I'm pretty nervous right now.
Tom might do that for Mary.
I'm pretty jittery right now.
Tom is wearing a new hat, isn't he?
I'm pretty freaked right now.
I'm pretty annoyed right now.
I wonder how long Tom was here.
I'm not used to working late.
Do you know if this belongs to Tom?
I'm not used to these things.
Tom is a technician.
I'm not used to living alone.
The dictionary on the table is Tom's.
I'm not used to eating alone.
Tom may not have seen Mary.
I'm just trying to stay warm.
Tom is watering the lawn, isn't he?
I'm going to keep doing that.
Did Tom get a chance to do that?
I'm a student, not a teacher.
I watched Tom get on his horse.
I'll try to get home by 2:30.
Can you deliver this letter to Tom?
I'll help you find that book.
Tom is a little kid.
I'll get a chance to do that.
I'm not going to follow Tom's advice.
I'll clean your room for you.
Tom is at Mary's apartment.
I'd rather be playing tennis.
Tom is very well behaved, isn't he?
I won't have time to do that.
Can Tom spend the night with us?
I was completely dumbfounded.
I watched Tom get into the car.
I was accused of being a spy.
Why are you scared to talk to Tom?
I turned thirty last October.
Tom is a bit creepy.
I tried to do that carefully.
I don't know where Tom's umbrella is.
I tried to act appropriately.
Tom has to drive Mary home.
I stutter when I get nervous.
Tom is very unscrupulous, isn't he?
I still despise those people.
Why don't you tell Tom to stay?
I really enjoy writing songs.
I watched Tom get into his car.
I ordered steak and potatoes.
Why are you afraid to talk to Tom?
I need you to do that for me.
Tom headed that way.
I loved how people responded.
What's the name of Tom's girlfriend?
I left my umbrella at school.
Tom has been stalking Mary.
I know this is the right one.
Tom is very undependable, isn't he?
I just don't like doing that.
Why don't you help Tom do that?
I immediately ran downstairs.
I was inspired by what Tom did.
I haven't been off the train.
When did you go swimming with Tom?
I have to pay for the damage.
Tom has two options.
I have no regrets whatsoever.
Tom's speech was pretty interesting.
I had trouble falling asleep.
Zip up your coat.
Zip your coat up.
You're too young to live alone.
You're partially responsible.
You're a creative individual.
You would've seen me if you'd come earlier.
You said that you'd help me.
Would you like for me to walk you home?
Would you like me to walk you home?
When was the last time you jumped rope?
When was the last time that you jumped rope?
We're happy this happened.
We're happy that this happened.
We're glad this happened.
We're glad that this happened.
We weren't aware we were being recorded.
We weren't aware that we were being recorded.
We were unaware we were being recorded.
We were unaware that we were being recorded.
We were all soaking wet.
All of us were soaking wet.
We need to stay calm until help arrives.
We need to remain calm until help arrives.
We need to make sure we arrive on time.
We need to make sure that we arrive on time.
We need to find someone to help us.
We need to find somebody to help us.
We knew the dogs would bark at us.
We don't open until ten.
We don't open until ten o'clock.
We don't open until 10:00.
Tom is usually a lot buiser than me.
Tom is usually a lot buiser than I am.
Today's date is the twentieth of October.
Today's date is October the twentieth.
The party we've been invited to is tomorrow, not today.
The party that we've been invited to is tomorrow, not today.
The only thing that I want is for you to be happy.
That's what happens when one tells the truth.
Someone came into our house and stole some stuff while we were sleeping.
Somebody came into our house and stole some stuff while we were sleeping.
Someone came into our house and stole some stuff while we were asleep.
Somebody came into our house and stole some stuff while we were asleep.
Nobody believes you're guilty.
Nobody believes that you're guilty.
No one believes that you're guilty.
No one believes you're guilty.
My parrot doesn't like sunflower seeds.
Mary is wearing the same dress she was wearing yesterday.
Mary is wearing the same dress that she was wearing yesterday.
Mary is wearing the same dress she had on yesterday.
Mary is wearing the same dress that she had on yesterday.
Mary is cute, but I don't think she's very smart.
Mary is cute, but I don't think that she's very smart.
Let's take a cab.
Let me assure you that wasn't intentional.
Let me assure you that that wasn't intentional.
It wasn't my intention to deceive you.
It isn't my fault you got into an argument.
Is there somewhere that we can talk privately about this?
If you don't think that the party is going to be any fun, why are you planning to go to it?
If you don't think that the party is going to be any fun, then I don't want to go.
I've been unable to contact Mary.
I haven't been able to contact Mary.
I'm sorry I came.
I'm sorry that I came.
I'm pretty sure that's how it happened.
I'm pretty sure that that's how it happened.
I'm not threatening you.
I'm not sure that's how it happened.
I'm not sure that that's how it happened.
I'm happy you did that for me.
I'm happy that you did that for me.
I'm afraid I can't do that for you.
I'm afraid that I can't do that for you.
I'll speak with the teacher.
I'll cook you something.
I wish it would rain.
I wish that it would rain.
I was only thirteen at the time.
I was only thirteen years old at the time.
I was only thirteen at that time.
I was only thirteen years old at that time.
I was convinced I was doing the right thing.
I was convinced that I was doing the right thing.
I was afraid you wouldn't like that.
I was afraid that you wouldn't like that.
I thought you'd forgotten all about me.
I thought that you'd forgotten all about me.
I think you have a bright future.
I think that you have a bright future.
I think we're still too young.
I think that we're still too young.
I hope you keep your promise.
I hope that you keep your promise.
I hope we can finish doing this today.
I hope that we can finish doing this today.
I hope that you're not catching a cold.
I hope that you aren't catching a cold.
I forgot you had friends in Boston.
I forgot that you had friends in Boston.
I forgot you didn't like chocolate.
I forgot that you didn't like chocolate.
How do you cope with so many people not liking you?
Here's a form you need to fill out.
Here's a form that you need to fill out.
Give me back my pen.
Give me my pen back.
Dr. Jackson is the doctor who treated Mary.
Dr. Jackson is the doctor that treated Mary.
Don't stand in front of me.
Button up your coat.
Button your coat up.
Boston isn't at all like Chicago.
Boston is not at all like Chicago.
Are you saying you didn't write this?
Are you saying that you didn't write this?
Anyone who wants to come is invited.
Anybody who wants to come is invited.
These bottles are empty.
When did Tom get this hat?
The toilet doesn't work.
I urged Tom to learn French.
The escalator is broken.
I need to apologize to Tom.
Stop blaming yourselves.
Tom ate leftovers.
Stand up for yourselves.
Did you follow Tom's advice?
My shift begins at noon.
Tom was at Mary's house.
My heart almost stopped.
Tom is lucky to be alive, isn't he?
My dog was sound asleep.
When did Tom get this dog?
Most of us will do that.
I didn't know what Tom said.
It just stopped snowing.
Are you going to visit Tom?
I've got to report this.
Tom also was here.
I've been enjoying life.
Tom's shift begins at noon.
I'm not used to winning.
Tom is eating with Mary.
I'm going out for lunch.
Tom is looking into that, isn't he?
I'm feeling really sick.
When did Tom get that hat?
I'm a pretty big person.
I didn't know what Tom knew.
I won't sell the horses.
You're a strange man, Tom.
I won't be able do that.
Tom was so angry.
I was prepared for this.
Tom's hair is really short.
I pretended to be happy.
Tom is Mary's professor.
I need a soldering iron.
Tom is looking for a job, isn't he?
I like this time of day.
Why isn't Tom on the bus?
I had three tests today.
I can't be with Tom all day.
I had three exams today.
Why don't people like Tom?
I dozed on a park bench.
Tom may sit here.
I hope that you don't catch a cold.
I hope you don't catch a cold.
I can't help how I feel.
Tom's curtains were closed.
I can't go into details.
Tom can drive Mary home.
I can't drive very well.
Tom is looking at us now, isn't he?
I can't be part of this.
Why doesn't Tom like you?
Do you want some pepper?
I can see what Tom is doing.
Do you know their names?
Why are you so mad at Tom?
Do you blame yourselves?
Tom is very slim.
Did you hurt yourselves?
What's Tom's horse's name?
Did the soup taste good?
Tom ate Mary's sandwich.
Are you going to resign?
Tom is living by himself, isn't he?
You shouldn't eat this.
When did Tom go shopping?
You may sit next to me.
We waved as Tom drove away.
You flatter yourselves.
You don't understand Tom.
Why were you impressed?
Tom is religious.
Why not try doing that?
Tom's windows were closed.
Why is my name circled?
Tom asked Mary to smile.
Why are you suspicious?
Tom is likely to be home, isn't he?
Why are you so unlucky?
When did Tom buy his hat?
Why are you so jealous?
We never gave Tom a choice.
Why are you so grouchy?
Who said my name was Tom?
Why are you so excited?
Tom is in a gang.
Why are you so annoyed?
Tom's house is very small.
Why are you downstairs?
Tom asked Mary to drive.
Why are you blaming us?
Tom is likely to be busy, isn't he?
Who's in the next room?
Does Tom like basketball?
What's for lunch today?
Rescuing Tom won't be easy.
What else did they say?
Sorry to bother you, Tom.
What color is your hat?
Tom is done here.
We should take a break.
Tom's dog is pretty smart.
This table is in the way.
Tom asked Mary about it.
These are my daughters.
Tom is liable to do that, isn't he?
Pour yourselves drinks.
Did Tom offer to help us?
Please help yourselves.
Neither Tom nor I did that.
Neither of us did that.
I've decided to help Tom.
My windows were closed.
Tom is busy, too.
My room isn't very big.
Is this Tom's handwriting?
My room is always neat.
Tom and Mary were right.
My dog is pretty smart.
Tom is leaving next year, isn't he?
Make yourselves useful.
Did Tom get into trouble?
Let's eat by the river.
Maybe Tom is hallucinating.
A lot of people like Tom.
Just behave yourselves.
Tom is behind me.
It's written in French.
What do Tom's sisters do?
Tom and Mary are biased.
I'm not used to losing.
Tom is just wasting time, isn't he?
I'm happy with my life.
Why is Tom hoarse today?
I'm getting dehydrated.
I want Tom to sing with me.
Tom bought each of his children a yellow umbrella.
Tom had forgotten his umbrella so I lent him one of mine.
I don't think Tom would buy a pink umbrella.
She took off her ring.
I don't know what happened to the boy.
The mystery is finally solved!
This beer has a high content of alcohol.
The contents of the box are indicated on the label.
It's an infrared beam.
In the sky, a ray of light appeared.
In the sky appeared a ray of light.
In the sky there appeared a ray of light.
I will make sentences for three years in that web site.
Can you find him?
Layla was in the kitchen, cooking something.
Layla's kitchen was on fire.
Layla put on a hijab.
Layla is naked.
Layla doesn't shower with her hijab on.
Layla thought that Muslim women showered with their hijab on.
Layla was a security guard.
Layla needs to take her hijab off.
Layla is Egyptian.
Layla waited for us to finish.
Layla was talking to my friend behind me.
Layla knows that Salima wants to wear the hijab.
Layla looked behind her first.
Layla needs to look behind her first.
They need that.
Layla looked behind her.
They need it.
Layla attacked me.
Layla watched the umbrella fly away.
Layla ran away.
Layla was shielding her eyes.
Layla started wearing the hijab in 2006.
Layla loves rollercoasters.
Layla was really excited.
Layla was ready for the trip.
Sami was going up.
Layla felt her hijab slipping.
Layla doesn't know what to do.
Layla is alive.
Layla was fine.
Sami yelled again.
Sami caught the one-hundred dollar bill mid-air.
Sami saved my life.
Sami saved Layla's life.
She needs her.
Sami wondered why Layla wore a headscarf.
She needs him.
Sami has been working here for six years.
Sami wanted to stay with his sister.
He needs him.
Layla has just had a baby.
Sami secured a job interview.
Sami was applying for jobs.
Sami still had his best friends around him.
Sami felt like something was missing.
Sami felt really lonely.
Sami felt really sad all the time.
Sami needed someone to talk to.
Sami told Layla that praying makes him feel good.
Sami wanted to talk to God.
Layla should start wearing the headscarf.
Sami started his new job in a predominantly Muslim area.
Sami started his new job in June.
I needed her.
Sami worked in a non-Muslim area.
Sami was very Muslim.
Sami was very Islamic.
Sami wanted to work in a Muslim environment.
Sami was really enjoying his new job.
Sami spoke about religion.
Sami spoke about Islam.
Sami opened up my heart.
Layla wears a headscarf.
I needed him.
Layla started wearing the hijab in Ramadan.
Layla started wearing the hijab in Ramadan and kept in on after that month.
Layla stopped wearing the hijab.
Layla was encouraging Salima to wear the hijab.
Layla was unsure.
Layla bought a new hijab.
Sami stepped out of his car.
Sami gave me a weird look.
Sami recognized Layla as a Muslim.
Sami's sister doesn't have a typical Muslim name.
Liliana isn't a typical Muslim name.
Layla put her headscarf on.
Sami felt so comfortable.
Layla bought Salima a headscarf.
Layla is Muslim.
Sami started praying.
Layla stopped wearing tight clothing.
Sami has a lot of friends.
Sami was a bad influence in my life.
Sami is tired of his life.
Sami isn't a friend.
Sami knows those people.
Sami wanted to get rid of this.
Sami wanted to get rid of any toxic thing in his life.
Sami had many close friends.
Sami made me happy.
Sami wanted to make me happy.
Sami has to deal with that.
Layla was wearing her headscarf.
Layla is still the same Layla.
Sami is still the same Sami.
Sami is still the same guy.
Sami enjoyed Layla's story.
Layla wanted to wear the hijab after she got married.
Layla will wear the hijab after she gets married.
Sami felt incredible.
Sami felt amazing.
Sami felt naked.
Layla said she feels naked without her headscarf.
Layla said her hijab makes her feel great.
Layla says she feels naked without her hijab.
Sami said he had a bad day.
Sami has changed my life completely.
Sami said Layla changed his life completely.
Sami and Layla were watching this.
Layla converted to Islam.
Layla wants to wear the hijab.
Layla went onto Ebay.
Layla's husband came to visit her.
Sami was pretty shy.
Layla decided to try the hijab on.
Sami and Layla smiled at me.
Sami was the biggest encouragement to me.
Sami was so comfortable.
Layla and Salima decided to wear the hijab.
Layla started wearing the hijab every day.
Sami and Layla are staring at me.
Layla is the only noticeable Muslim in this whole high school.
Sami and Layla are Muslim.
Sami and Layla were Muslim.
Sami is just a normal person.
Layla loves the hijab.
Sami learned lots of new things.
Sami hates Facebook.
Sami loves Facebook.
Sami loves watching inspiring videos.
Sami took shahad on his death bed.
Sami accepted Islam on his death bed and died as a Muslim.
Sami doesn't remember me.
Sami started practising Islam in 2006;
Sami's mom isn't yet Muslim.
Sami's grandfather has just passed away.
Sami's kidneys are really bad.
Sami's kidneys were down to twenty percent.
Sami's father is not going to make it to the new year.
Sami said that God answered his prayers.
Sami's father passed away.
Sami was talking to God.
Sami was talking to Allah.
Sami won't be able to do it.
Sami wanted to be realistic.
Sami isn't immortal.
Sami continued to live normally.
Sami six thousand words in three days.
Sami finished his semester.
Sami was going to pass away.
Sami passed away peacefully.
Sami was put on a drip.
Sami was taken to a ward where dying patients pass away peacefully.
Sami couldn't leave the room.
Sami slept in the chair next to Layla's bed.
Sami wasn't prepared for it at all.
Sami was familiar with death.
Sami stayed with Layla overnight.
Sami knows Islam is the truth.
Sami knows Islam is the right religion.
Sami didn't want to make his grandpa uncomfortable.
Sami knew that Layla couldn't talk.
Sami told Layla about Islam.
Sami spoke to Layla about Islam.
Sami started talking to Layla about Islam.
Sami wanted to make Layla Muslim.
Sami had six days to convince Layla.
Sami is telling this to his grandpa.
Sami was talking to his grandpa.
Sami was talking to a camera.
Sami was playing the Quran for his dying mother.
Sami was playing the Quran for Layla.
Sami is gonna sleep with me, too.
Sami stopped annoying Layla.
Sami felt really intimidated.
Sami's mom is not a Muslim.
Sami was tired and hungry.
Sami was so emotionally drained.
Sami was making moaning sounds.
Sami was in a lot of pain.
Sami pulled the blanket off him.
Sami lifted the blanket off him.
Sami's doctor is crazy.
Sami's grandpa was talking to me.
Sami was talking to us.
Sami relaxed a little bit.
Sami's wrists got really swollen.
Sami took his watch off.
Sami likes my watch.
Sami needs to do something about that.
Sami has been here this whole time.
Sami heard the Quran.
Sami was not a Muslim at this point.
Sami became a lot more relaxed.
Sami played Quran for me.
Sami's breathing become a lot more regular.
Sami got up and said hi.
Sami played the Quran in his car.
Sami was finally able to talk to me.
Sami said goodbye to Layla.
Sami explained what shahada was to Layla.
Sami wanted to take shahada with me.
Sami wanted to take the shahada with Layla.
Sami repeated the shahada after Layla.
Sami wasn't paying attention to us.
Sami took the shahada.
Sami closed his mouth.
Sami became Muslim before he died.
Sami asked for something else.
Sami asked Allah to give him patience.
Sami asked God to give him patience.
Sami isn't imagining this.
Sami wanted this so bad.
Sami asked Allah to give him this.
Sami closed his lips.
Sami's mind was blowen.
Sami actually cried.
Sami stood by the window.
Sami thanked Allah for everything.
Sami said Allah answered his prayers.
Sami needs to have strength.
Sami took shahada with me.
Sami was hospitalized.
Sami will not be coming home.
Sami went to sit by Layla.
Sami listened to us.
Sami is praying.
Sami finished his prayer.
Sami tried to take a nap.
They need her.
He needed him.
She needed him.
They needed him.
He needed her.
She needed her.
They needed her.
Tom said he had a fuckload of homework to do.
He needed them.
She needed them.
They needed them.
They need them.
He needs them.
She needs them.
We needed him.
We needed her.
We needed them.
Everybody, this is Tom. Tom, this is everybody.
Tipping is not a city in China.
You need to get off at the next station.
They needed me.
He needed me.
She needed me.
He needs me.
She needs me.
Tell me, what are "spiritual ties"?
Esperantists often refer to themselves by the word 'samideano'.
A comparison proves nothing.
Shut up, or I'll kick you out.
I want to stay here with Tom.
I hardly ever eat dessert.
Tom, listen to me.
I didn't swim in the pool.
Tom's friends are helping him.
I can't force you to talk.
Tom is going to sue Mary.
I can help you find a job.
Tom is pretty busy today, isn't he?
I can hear water dripping.
When did Tom buy that shirt?
I almost never drink milk.
I knew who Tom had talked to.
How much do you want be paid?
I couldn't get a hold of Tom.
How much do plumbers make?
Tom was a bit shy.
Here, look for yourselves.
I haven't seen Tom's face yet.
Help me to load the truck.
Tom caught many fish.
When did Tom learn to dance?
I'm definitely interested.
I told Tom what he should do.
I'm almost ready to leave.
I wonder why they picked Tom.
I'm about to lose my mind.
Tom argued with me.
I'll just keep doing this.
Tom's house was built in 2013.
I wasn't allowed to leave.
Tom was pointing at Mary.
I wasn't allowed to enter.
Tom is pretty persuasive, isn't he?
I was trying to be polite.
When did Tom buy these eggs?
I plan to leave this here.
I know what Tom wants to buy.
I just won a lot of money.
When did Tom try doing that?
I'm not scared of spiders.
I want Tom to proofread this.
I'm not exactly an expert.
I'm still waiting to see Tom.
I'm not afraid of spiders.
Tom asked for that.
I'm not afraid of heights.
Tom's shoes are under his bed.
I'm locked out of my room.
Tom will drive Mary home.
I'm interested in science.
Tom is putting on weight, isn't he?
I'm going to take it easy.
Tom stayed home all day.
I don't know how I did this.
She was a poor child, of a proud and arrogant nature, and her disposition was bad from the beginning.
When she was quite tiny, her greatest delight was to catch flies and pull their wings off, to make creeping insects of them.
She would catch chafers and beetles and stick them on a pin, after which she would push a leaf or a bit of paper close enough for them to seize with their feet; for the pleasure of seeing them writhe and wriggle in their efforts to free themselves from the pins.
She got worse rather than better as she grew older.
Inge got worse rather than better as she grew older; but she was very pretty.
Inge was sent into service in the country with some rich people. They treated her as if she had been their own child, and dressed her in the same style. She grew prettier and prettier, but her pride grew, too.
You ought to go home to see your parents, little Inge!
When she got to the town gates, and saw the young men and maids gossiping round the pond, and her mother sitting among them with a bundle of sticks she had picked up in the woods, Inge turned away. She was ashamed that one so fine as herself should have such a ragged old woman, who picked up sticks, for her mother.
She was ashamed that one so fine as herself should have such a ragged old woman, who picked up sticks, for her mother.
"Little Inge, you really ought to go and see your old parents," said her mistress. "Here is a large loaf of wheaten bread you may take to them. They will be pleased to see you."
Inge put on all her best clothes, and her fine new shoes.
She held up her skirts and picked her steps carefully so as to keep her shoes nice and clean.
When she came to the path through the marsh a great part of it was wet and muddy, she threw the loaf into the mud for a stepping-stone, to get over with dry shoes.
As she stood there with one foot on the loaf and was lifting up the other for the next step, the loaf sank deeper and deeper with her till she entirely disappeared. Nothing was to be seen but a black bubbling pool.
She heard the good people, her employers, who had been like parents to her, talking about her. "She was a sinful child," they said. "She did not value the gifts of God, but trod them under foot. She will find it hard to open the door of mercy."
She heard that a song had been written about her and sung all over the country, "The arrogant girl who trod on a loaf to keep her shoes clean."
Her heart was full of anger and malice toward everybody.
These words reached down into Inge's heart, and they seemed to do her good. It was the first time that any one said "Poor Inger," without adding anything about her misdeeds. A little innocent child was weeping and praying for her, and it made her feel quite odd: she would have liked to cry herself, but she could not shed a tear, and this was a further torment.
Then Inger again heard her name pronounced, and saw above her head what seemed to be two bright stars; they were in fact two kind eyes which were closing on earth. So many years had gone by since the little girl had cried so bitterly at the story of "Poor Inger," that the child had grown to be an old woman whom the Lord was now calling to Himself.
The old woman's eyes closed, and the eyes of her soul were opened to see the hidden things.
The peasants raised a pole against a wall, and tied a sheaf of oats on to the top, so that the little birds might have a good meal on the happy Christmas day.
The sun rose bright and shone upon the sheaf of oats, and the twittering birds surrounded the pole.
It was a very hard winter, and all the water had thick ice over it.
It was a very hard winter, and all the water had thick ice over it. The birds and wild creatures had great difficulty in finding food.
The little bird flew along the highways finding here and there in the tracks of the sledges a grain of corn.
The bird found a few morsels of bread, of which it would only eat a crumb, and gave the rest to the other starving sparrows which it called up.
Then the bird flew into the towns and peeped about.
Wherever a loving hand had strewn bread crumbs for the birds, the little bird only ate one crumb and gave the rest away.
In the course of the winter the bird had collected and given away so many crumbs of bread that they equalled in weight the whole loaf which little Inge had stepped upon to keep her shoes clean. When the last crumbs were found and given away, the bird's gray wings became white and spread themselves wide.
"A tern is flying away over the sea," said the children who saw the white bird. Now it dived into the sea, and now it soared up into the bright sunshine. It gleamed so brightly that it was not possible to see what became of it; they said it flew right into the sun.
Commas are complicated.
Her clothes were covered with slime, a snake had got among her hair, and hung dangling down her back.
A toad looked out of every fold in her dress, croaking like an asthmatic pug dog.
It was most unpleasant.
Worse than anything was the terrible hunger she felt, and she could not stoop down to break a bit of bread off the loaf she was standing on.
Her back had stiffened, her arms and hands had stiffened, and her whole body was like a pillar of stone.
She could only turn her eyes, but she could turn them right round, so as to look backward.
And then came the flies: they crept upon her eyes, and however much she winked they would not fly away; they could not, for she had pulled off their wings.
Certainly her mother wept bitterly and sorrowfully, but at the same time she said, "Pride goes before a fall! There was your misfortune, Inge! How you have grieved your mother."
Far out at sea the water is as blue as the bluest cornflower and as clear as the clearest crystal.
It is down there that the Mermen live.
The palace of the Merman King lies in the very deepest part; its walls are of coral and the long pointed windows of the clearest amber, but the roof is made of mussel shells which open and shut with the lapping of the water.
The Merman King had been for many years a widower.
The king's mother was fond of the little mermaid princesses, her grandchildren.
They were six beautiful children, but the youngest was the prettiest of all, her skin was as soft and delicate as a roseleaf, her eyes as blue as the deepest sea, but like all the others she had no feet, and instead of legs she had a fish's tail.
The youngest was the prettiest of all.
Her skin was as soft and delicate as a roseleaf.
Her eyes as blue as the deepest sea.
Like all the other mermaids, she had no feet and instead of legs she had a fish's tail.
When the great amber windows were thrown open the fish swam in, just as the swallows fly into our rooms when we open the windows.
The fish swam right up to the little princesses, ate out of their hands, and allowed themselves to be patted.
Outside the palace was a large garden, with fiery red and deep blue trees, the fruit of which shone like gold, while the flowers glowed like fire on their ceaselessly waving stalks.
The ground was of the finest sand.
Everything was bathed in a wondrous blue light.
Everything was bathed in a wondrous blue light down there; you might more readily have supposed yourself to be high up in the air, with only the sky above and below you, than that you were at the bottom of the ocean.
Each little princess had her own little plot of garden, where she could dig and plant just as she liked.
The youngest princess made her garden round like the sun, and she would only have flowers of a rosy hue like its beams.
She was a curious child, quiet and thoughtful.
While the other sisters decked out their gardens with all kinds of extraordinary objects which they got from wrecks, she would have nothing besides the rosy flowers like the sun up above, except a statue of a beautiful boy.
The statue was hewn out of the purest white marble.
By the statue she planted a rosy red weeping willow which grew splendidly, and the fresh delicate branches hung round and over it, till they almost touched the blue sand where the shadows showed violet.
Nothing gave her greater pleasure than to hear about the world of human beings up above.
She made her old grandmother tell her all that she knew about ships and towns, people and animals.
It seemed strangely beautiful to her that up on the earth the flowers were scented, for they were not so at the bottom of the sea.
The grandmother called little birds fish, or the mermaids would not have understood her, as they had never seen a bird.
"When you are fifteen," said the grandmother, "you will be allowed to rise up from the sea and sit on the rocks in the moonlight, and look at the big ships sailing by, and you will also see woods and towns."
One of the sisters would be fifteen In the following year, but the otherswell, they were each one year younger than the other, so that the youngest had five whole years to wait before she would be allowed to come up from the bottom, to see what things were like on earth.
Each one promised the others to give a full account of all that she had seen and found most wonderful on the first day.
Their grandmother could never tell them enough, for there were so many things about which they wanted information.
None of them was so full of longings as the youngest, the very one who had the longest time to wait, and who was so quiet and dreamy.
Many a night she stood by the open windows and looked up through the dark blue water which the fish were lashing with their tails and fins.
She could see the moon and the stars. When she saw a dark shadow glide between her and them, she knew that it was either a whale swimming above her, or else a ship laden with human beings.
I am certain they never dreamt that a lovely little mermaid was standing down below, stretching up her white hands toward the keel.
The eldest princess had now reached her fifteenth birthday, and was to venture above the water.
When she came back she had hundreds of things to tell them, but the most delightful of all, she said, was to lie in the moonlight, on a sandbank in a calm sea, and to gaze at the large town close to the shore, where the lights twinkled like hundreds of stars; to listen to music and the noise and bustle of carriages and people, to see the many church towers and spires, and to hear the bells ringing.
And just because she could not go on shore she longed for that most of all.
Oh! how eagerly the youngest sister listened.
When, later in the evening she stood at the open window and looked up through the dark blue water, she thought of the big town with all its noise and bustle, and fancied that she could even hear the church bells ringing.
The year after, the second sister was allowed to mount up through the water and swim about wherever she liked.
The sun was just going down when she reached the surface, the most beautiful sight, she thought, that she had ever seen.
The whole sky had looked like gold.
The whole sky had looked like gold, she said, and as for the clouds! well, their beauty was beyond description, they floated in red and violet splendour over her head, and, far faster than they went, a flock of wild swans flew like a long white veil over the water toward the setting sun.
She swam toward the sun, but it sank and all the rosy light on clouds and water faded away.
The year after that the third sister went up, and being much the most venturesome of them all, swam up a broad river which ran into the sea.
She saw beautiful green, vine-clad hills; palaces and country seats peeping through splendid woods.
She heard the birds singing, and the sun was so hot that she was often obliged to dive, to cool her burning face.
In a tiny bay she found a troop of little children running about naked and paddling in the water; she wanted to play with them, but they were frightened and ran away.
Then a little black animal came up; it was a dog, but she had never seen one before; it barked so furiously at her that she was frightened and made for the open sea.
She could never forget the beautiful woods, the green hills, and the lovely children who could swim in the water although they had no fishes' tails.
The fourth sister was not so brave; she stayed in the remotest part of the ocean, and, according to her account, that was the most beautiful spot.
You could see for miles and miles around you, and the sky above was like a great glass dome.
She had seen ships, but only far away, so that they looked like sea-gulls.
There were grotesque dolphins turning somersaults, and gigantic whales squirting water through their nostrils like hundreds of fountains on every side.
Now the fifth sister's turn came. Her birthday fell in the winter, so that she saw sights that the others had not seen on their first trips.
The sea looked quite green, and large icebergs were floating about.
The icebergs took the most wonderful shapes, and sparkled like diamonds.
The princess had seated herself on one of the largest icebergs, and all the passing ships sheered off in alarm when they saw her sitting there with her long hair streaming loose in the wind.
In the evening the sky became overcast with dark clouds.
In the evening the sky became overcast with dark clouds; it thundered, and lightened, and the huge icebergs, glittering in the bright lightning, were lifted high into the air by the black waves.
All the ships shortened sail, and there was fear and trembling on every side, but she sat quietly on her floating iceberg watching the blue lightning flash in zigzags down on to the shining sea.
The first time any of the sisters rose above the water she was delighted by the novelties and beauties she saw; but once grown up, and at liberty to go where she liked, she became indifferent and longed for her home.
In the course of a month or so they all said that after all their own home in the deep was best, it was so cozy there.
Many an evening the five sisters interlacing their arms would rise above the water together.
They had lovely voices, much clearer than any mortal, and when a storm was rising, and they expected ships to be wrecked, they would sing in the most seductive strains of the wonders of the deep, bidding the seafarers have no fear of them.
But the sailors could not understand the words, they thought it was the voice of the storm.
When the ship sank the sailors drowned, and only reached the Merman's palace in death.
When the elder sisters rose up in this manner, arm-in-arm, in the evening, the youngest remained behind quite alone, looking after them as if she must weep, but mermaids have no tears and so they suffer all the more.
"Oh! if I were only fifteen!" she said.
At last her fifteenth birthday came.
"Come now, let me adorn you like your other sisters!" and she put a wreath of white lilies round her hair.
Then the old queen had eight oysters fixed on to the princess's tail to show her high rank.
"But it hurts so!" said the little mermaid. "You must endure the pain for the sake of the finery!" said her grandmother.
"Good-bye," she said, and mounted as lightly and airily as a bubble through the water.
The sun had just set when her head rose above the water, but the clouds were still lighted up with a rosy and golden splendour, and the evening star sparkled in the soft pink sky.
The air was mild and fresh, and the sea as calm as a millpond.
A big three-masted ship lay close by with only a single sail set, for there was not a breath of wind.
The sailors were sitting about the rigging, on the cross-trees, and at the mast-heads.
There was music and singing on board, and as the evening closed in, hundreds of gaily coloured lanterns were lighted.
The little mermaid swam right up to the cabin windows, and every time she was lifted by the swell she could see through the transparent panes crowds of gaily dressed people.
The handsomest of them all was the young prince with large dark eyes.
He could not be much more than sixteen.
All these festivities were in honour of his birthday.
The sailors danced on deck.
When the prince appeared among them, hundreds of rockets were let off, making it as light as day, and frightening the little mermaid so much that she had to dive under the water.
The little mermaid soon ventured up again, and it was just as if all the stars of heaven were falling in showers round about her.
Oh! how handsome the prince was, how he laughed and smiled as he greeted his guests, while the music rang out in the quiet night.
It got quite late, but the little mermaid could not take her eyes off the ship and the beautiful prince.
Oh, there was going to be a fearful storm!
The great ship rocked and rolled as she dashed over the angry sea.
The black waves rose like mountains.
The ship dived like a swan through the waves and rose again and again on their towering crests.
The little mermaid thought it a most amusing race, but not so the sailors.
The ship creaked and groaned, the mighty timbers bulged and bent under the heavy blows, the water broke over the decks, snapping the mainmast like a reed.
The ship heeled over on her side, and the water rushed into the hold.
Now the little mermaid saw that they were in danger.
She had for her own sake to beware of the floating beams and wreckage.
One moment it was so pitch dark that she could not see at all, but when the lightning flashed it became so light that she could see all on board.
Every man was looking out for his own safety as best he could.
She more particularly followed the young prince with her eyes, and when the ship went down she saw him sink in the deep sea.
At first she was quite delighted, for now he was coming to be with her, but then she remembered that human beings could not live under water.
No! he must not die; so she swam toward him all among the drifting beams and planks, quite forgetting that they might crush her.
She dived deep down under the water, and came up again through the waves, and at last reached the young prince just as he was becoming unable to swim any further in the stormy sea.
His limbs were numbed, his beautiful eyes were closing, and he must have died if the little mermaid had not come to the rescue.
She held his head above the water.
By daybreak the storm was over.
Of the ship, not a trace was to be seen.
The sun rose from the water in radiant brilliance and his rosy beams seemed to cast a glow of life into the prince's cheeks.
The sun rose from the water in radiant brilliance and his rosy beams seemed to cast a glow of life into the prince's cheeks, but his eyes remained closed.
The mermaid kissed his fair and lofty brow, and stroked back the dripping hair.
It seemed to her that he was like the marble statue in her little garden.
She kissed him again and longed that he might live.
At last she saw dry land before her, high blue mountains on whose summits the white snow glistened as if a flock of swans had settled there.
Down by the shore were beautiful green woods.
Lemon and orange trees grew in the garden.
At this point the sea formed a little bay where the water was quite calm, but very deep, right up to the cliffs.
At the foot of the cliffs was a strip of fine white sand, to which she swam with the beautiful prince, and laid him down on it.
The bells now began to ring in the great white building and a number of young maidens came into the garden.
Then the little mermaid swam farther off behind some high rocks and covered her hair and breast with foam, so that no one should see her little face.
Then she watched to see who would discover the poor prince.
It was not long before one of the maidens came up to him; at first she seemed quite frightened, but only for a moment, and then she fetched several others.
The mermaid saw that the prince was coming to life, and that he smiled at all those around him, but he never smiled at her.
He did not know that she had saved him.
She felt so sad that when he was led away into the great building she dived sorrowfully into the water and made her way home to her father's palace.
Always silent and thoughtful, she became more so now than ever.
Her sisters often asked her what she had seen on her first visit to the surface, but she never would tell them anything.
Many an evening and many a morning she would rise to the place where she had left the prince.
She saw the fruit in the garden ripen, and then gathered; she saw the snow melt on the mountain-tops, but she never saw the prince.
At home her only consolation was to sit in her little garden with her arms twined round the handsome marble statue which reminded her of the prince.
She had ceased to tend her flowers and the garden had become a neglected wilderness of long stalks and leaves entangled with the branches of the tree.
At last she could not bear it any longer, so she told one of her sisters, and from her it soon spread to the others, but to no one else except to one or two other mermaids who only told their dearest friends.
She swam much nearer the land than any of the others dared.
She used to sit here looking at the young prince, who thought he was quite alone in the clear moonlight.
She saw him many an evening sailing about in his beautiful boat, with flags waving and music playing.
If the wind happened to catch her long silvery veil and any one saw it, they only thought it was a swan flapping its wings.
Many a night she heard the fishermen, who were fishing by torchlight, talking over the good deeds of the young prince.
She was happy to think that she had saved his life when he was drifting about on the waves, half dead.
She could not forget how closely his head had pressed her breast, and how passionately she had kissed him.
She became fonder and fonder of mankind, and longed more and more to be able to live among them.
"If men are not drowned," asked the little mermaid, "do they live forever?"
"You must not be thinking about that," said the grandmother; "we are much better off and happier than human beings."
That which is your greatest beauty in the sea, your fish's tail, is thought hideous up on earth, so little do they understand about it; to be pretty there you must have two clumsy supports which they call legs!
Then the little mermaid sighed and looked sadly at her fish's tail.
"Let us be happy," said the grandmother; "we will hop and skip during our three hundred years of lifeit is surely a long enough timeand after it is over we shall rest all the better in our graves. "
There is to be a court ball tonight.
The little mermaid sang more sweetly than any of them.
For a moment she felt glad at heart, for she knew that she had the finest voice either in the sea or on land.
She could not forget the handsome prince.
She sat sadly in her little garden.
I will dare anything to win him.
While my sisters are dancing in my father's palace, I will go to the sea witch of whom I have always been very much afraid; she will perhaps be able to advise and help me!
Thereupon the little mermaid left the garden and went toward the roaring whirlpools at the back of which the witch lived.
No flowers grew there, no seaweed, only the bare gray sands, stretched toward the whirlpools, which like rushing millwheels swirled round, dragging everything that came within reach down to the depths.
She had to pass between these boiling eddies to reach the witches' domain, and for a long way the only path led over warm bubbling mud.
Her house stood behind this in the midst of a weird forest.
The little mermaid standing outside was quite frightened, her heart beat fast with terror and she nearly turned back, but then she remembered the prince.
She bound her long flowing hair tightly round her head.
In the middle of this opening was a house built of the bones of the wrecked; there sat the witch, letting a toad eat out of her mouth.
She called the hideous water-snakes her little chickens, and allowed them to crawl about on her unsightly bosom.
"I know very well what you have come here for," said the witch. "It is very foolish of you!"
I'm addicted to drugs.
I will make you a potion, and before sunrise you must swim ashore with it, seat yourself on the beach and drink it; then your tail will divide and shrivel up to what men call beautiful legs, but it hurts, it is as if a sharp sword were running through you.
All who see you will say that you are the most beautiful child of man they have ever seen.
You will keep your gliding gait, no dancer will rival you, but every step you take will be as if you were treading upon sharp knives, so sharp as to draw blood.
If you are willing to suffer all this I am ready to help you!
"Yes!" said the little princess with a trembling voice.
"But remember," said the witch, "when once you have received a human form, you can never be a mermaid again; you will never again be able to dive down through the water to your sisters and to your father's palace."
Tom has an irrational fear of socialized medicine.
The first morning after his marriage with another your heart will break, and you will turn into foam of the sea.
"I will do it," said the little mermaid as pale as death.
Tom only likes socialized medicine when he needs it.
"But you will have to pay me, too," said the witch, "and it is no trifle that I demand. You have the most beautiful voice of any at the bottom of the sea, and I daresay that you think you will fascinate him with it, but you must give me that voice."
I will have the best you possess in return for my precious potion!
"But if you take my voice," said the little mermaid, "what have I left?"
"But if you take my voice," said the little mermaid, "what have I left?" "Your beautiful form," said the witch, "your gliding gait, and your speaking eyes; with these you ought surely to be able to bewitch a human heart."
Well! have you lost courage? Put out your little tongue and I will cut it off in payment for the powerful draught.
Tom advocates socialized medicine.
"Let it be done," said the little mermaid, and the witch put on her cauldron to brew the magic potion.
"There is nothing like cleanliness," said she, as she scoured the pot with a bundle of snakes.
Then she punctured her breast and let the black blood drop into the cauldron.
The steam took the most weird shapes, enough to frighten any one.
Tom's managed health care plan denied his medication.
Every moment the witch threw new ingredients into the pot, and when it boiled the bubbling was like the sound of crocodiles weeping.
At last the potion was ready and it looked like the clearest water.
"There it is," said the witch, and thereupon she cut off the tongue of the little mermaid, who was dumb now and could neither sing nor speak.
"There it is," said the witch, and thereupon she cut off the tongue of the little mermaid.
Tom claims he doesn't know anything. Do you buy it?
Tom localizes smartphone apps for a major developer.
She saw her father's palace. The lights were all out in the great ballroom, and no doubt all the household was asleep.
She was about to leave her home forever.
She felt as if her heart would break with grief.
She stole into the garden and plucked a flower from each of her sister's plots, wafted with her hand countless kisses toward the palace, and then rose up through the dark blue water.
The sun had not risen when she came in sight of the prince's palace and landed at the beautiful marble steps.
The moon was shining bright and clear.
The little mermaid drank the burning, stinging draught, and it was like a sharp two-edged sword running through her tender frame.
She fainted away and lay as if she were dead.
Tom's activism didn't seem to have any identifiable effect.
When the sun rose on the sea she woke up and became conscious of a sharp pang, but just in front of her stood the handsome young prince, fixing his coal-black eyes on her.
She cast her eyes down and saw that her fish's tail was gone.
She had the prettiest little white legs any maiden could desire, but she was quite naked, so she wrapped her long thick hair around her.
The prince asked who she was and how she came there.
She looked at him tenderly and with a sad expression in her dark-blue eyes, but could not speak.
Antifascists often mask their faces to make themselves less identifiable to the police.
Then he took her by the hand and led her into the palace.
Every step she took was, as the witch had warned her beforehand, as if she were treading on sharp knives and spikes, but she bore it gladly.
Led by the prince she moved as lightly as a bubble, and he and every one else marvelled at her graceful gliding gait.
Clothed in the costliest silks and muslins, she was the greatest beauty in the palace.
Clothed in the costliest silks and muslins, she was the greatest beauty in the palace, but she could neither sing nor speak.
The amendment is still pending ratification.
Beautiful slaves clad in silks and gold came forward and sang to the prince and his royal parents.
That made the little mermaid very sad, for she knew that she used to sing far better herself.
She thought: "Oh! if he only knew that for the sake of being with him I had given up my voice forever!"
Now the slaves began to dance graceful undulating dances to enchanting music.
Thereupon the little mermaid, lifting her beautiful white arms and raising herself on tiptoe, glided on the floor with a grace which none of the other dancers had yet attained.
With every motion her grace and beauty became more apparent.
She danced on and on, notwithstanding that every time her foot touched the ground it was like treading on sharp knives.
The prince said that she should always be near him, and she was allowed to sleep outside his door on a velvet cushion.
He had a man's dress made for her, so that she could ride about with him.
They used to ride through scented woods, where the green branches brushed her shoulders, and little birds sang among the fresh leaves.
She climbed up the highest mountains with the prince, and although her delicate feet bled so that others saw it, she only laughed and followed him until they saw the clouds sailing below them like a flock of birds, taking flight to distant lands.
At home in the prince's palace, when at night the others were asleep, she used to go out on to the marble steps; it cooled her burning feet to stand in the cold sea water, and at such times she used to think of those she had left in the deep.
Day by day she became dearer to the prince; he loved her as one loves a good, sweet child, but it never entered his head to make her his queen.
"Am I not dearer to you than any of them?" the little mermaid's eyes seemed to say when he took her in his arms and kissed her beautiful brow.
"Yes, you are the dearest one to me," said the prince, "for you have the best heart of them all, and you are fondest of me."
You are like a young girl I once saw, but whom I never expect to see again.
I was on board a ship which was wrecked; I was driven on shore by the waves close to a holy Temple where several young girls were ministering at a service; the youngest of them found me on the beach and saved my life; I saw her but twice. She was the only person I could love in this world, but you are like her, you almost drive her image out of my heart.
"Alas! he does not know that it was I who saved his life," thought the little mermaid.
"The girl belongs to the holy Temple, he has said; she will never return to the world; they will never meet again; I am here with him; I see him every day. Yes! I will tend him, love him, and give up my life to him."
But now the rumour ran that the prince was to be married to the beautiful daughter of a neighbouring king.
It was given out that the prince was going on a voyage to see the adjoining countries, but it was without doubt to see the king's daughter.
She knew the prince's intentions much better than any of the others.
"I must take this voyage," he had said to her; "I must go and see the beautiful princess; my parents demand that, but they will never force me to bring her home as my bride; I can never love her!"
She will not be like the lovely girl in the Temple whom you resemble.
"You are not frightened of the sea, I suppose?" he said, as they stood on the proud ship which was to carry them to the country of the neighbouring king.
He told her about storms and calms, about curious fish in the deep, and the marvels seen by divers.
She smiled at his tales, for she knew all about the bottom of the sea much better than any one else.
At night, in the moonlight, when all were asleep, except the steersman who stood at the helm, she sat at the side of the ship trying to pierce the clear water with her eyes, and fancied she saw her father's palace, and above it her old grandmother with her silver crown on her head, looking up through the cross currents toward the keel of the ship.
The next morning the ship entered the harbour of the neighbouring king's magnificent city.
The church bells rang and trumpets were sounded from every lofty tower, while the soldiers paraded with flags flying and glittering bayonets.
There was a fte every day.
There was a succession of balls, and receptions followed one after the other, but the princess was not yet present.
At last she came. The little mermaid stood eager to see her beauty, and she was obliged to confess that a lovelier creature she had never beheld.
Her complexion was exquisitely pure and delicate, and her trustful eyes of the deepest blue shone through their dark lashes.
"It is you," said the prince, "you who saved me when I lay almost lifeless on the beach?" and he clasped his blushing bride to his heart.
"Oh, I am too happy!" he exclaimed to the little mermaid.
A greater joy than I had dared to hope for has come to pass. You will rejoice at my joy, for you love me better than any one.
Then the little mermaid kissed his hand, and felt as if her heart were broken already.
His wedding morn would bring death to her and change her to foam.
All the church bells pealed and heralds rode through the town proclaiming the nuptials.
Upon every altar throughout the land fragrant oil was burnt in costly silver lamps.
Amidst the swinging of censers by the priests, the bride and bridegroom joined hands and received the bishop's blessing.
The little mermaid dressed in silk and gold stood holding the bride's train, but her ears were deaf to the festal strains, her eyes saw nothing of the sacred ceremony. She was thinking of her coming death and of all that she had lost in this world.
That same evening the bride and bridegroom embarked, amidst the roar of cannon and the waving of banners.
A royal tent of purple and gold softly cushioned was raised amidships, where the bridal pair were to repose during the calm cool night.
The sails swelled in the wind and the ship skimmed lightly and almost without motion over the transparent sea.
At dusk lanterns of many colours were lighted and the sailors danced merrily on deck.
The little mermaid could not help thinking of the first time she came up from the sea and saw the same splendour and gaiety.
She now threw herself among the dancers, whirling, as a swallow skims through the air when pursued.
The onlookers cheered her in amazement.
Never had she danced so divinely.
Her delicate feet pained her as if they were cut with knives, but she did not feel it, for the pain at her heart was much sharper.
She knew that it was the last night that she would breathe the same air as he, and would look upon the mighty deep, and the blue starry heavens.
An endless night without thought and without dreams awaited her.
The joy and revelry on board lasted till long past midnight.
She went on laughing and dancing with the thought of death all the time in her heart.
The prince caressed his lovely bride and she played with his raven locks, and with their arms entwined they retired to the gorgeous tent.
All became hushed and still on board the ship.
The little mermaid laid her white arms on the gunwale and looked eastward for the pink-tinted dawn.
The first sunbeam, she knew, would be her death.
Then she saw her sisters rise from the water, they were as pale as she was, their beautiful long hair no longer floated on the breeze, for it had been cut off. "We have given it to the witch to obtain her help, so that you may not die to-night! she has given us a knife, here it is, look how sharp it is! Before the sun rises, you must plunge it into the prince's heart, and when his warm blood sprinkles your feet they will join together and grow into a tail, and you will once more be a mermaid."
Make haste! you or he must die before sunrise!
Slay the prince and come back to us!
Quick! Quick! do you not see the rosy streak in the sky? In a few moments the sun will rise and then you must die!
Quick! Quick! do you not see the rosy streak in the sky? In a few moments the sun will rise and then you will die!
The little mermaid drew aside the purple curtain from the tent and looked at the beautiful bride asleep with her head on the prince's breast.
She bent over him and kissed his fair brow, looked at the sky where the dawn was spreading fast; looked at the sharp knife, and again fixed her eyes on the prince who, in his dream, called his bride by name.
For a moment the knife quivered in her grasp, then she threw it far out among the waves now rosy in the morning light, and where it fell the water bubbled up like drops of blood.
Once more she looked at the prince, with her eyes already dimmed by death, then dashed overboard and fell, her body dissolving into foam.
Now the sun rose from the sea and with its kindly beams warmed the deadly cold foam, so that the little mermaid did not feel the chill of death.
She saw the bright sun and above her floated hundreds of beauteous ethereal beings through which she could see the white ship and the rosy heavens.
Unless you are a medical professional, it is insulting to ask a transgender person whether they have had any surgeries.
You would consider it impolite if someone asked you about your genitals, so do not ask a transgender person about theirs.
The door softly clicked.
Neon is a noble gas.
He is of noble blood.
I slammed the door closed.
He showed up at my front door.
I never had a dog in my life.
Mary is like a little sister to me.
Tom is like an older brother to me.
Tom is tired of being compared to his brother.
Mary is tired of being compared to her sister.
Tom gave me invaluable advice.
I recognized him instantly.
I recognized her instantly.
Tom recognized Mary instantly.
Mary recognized Tom instantly.
I wish that the circumstances of my visit were different.
Tom caught John by the scruff of the neck.
Tom's father caught him by the scruff of the neck.
Go play with your friends.
Go play with your friends now.
Tom's mother died in childbirth.
Mary died in labor.
Mary died while giving birth.
Tom is not Mary's biological father.
Tom didn't know his lines.
Tom doesn't know his lines.
Children are consuming sugar in amounts well above the limit, which is fixed at grams.
Half of the childrens sugar intake comes from drink, sweets, cereals and yoghurts.
English is often not pronounced in a phonological way.
After the goal was scored, the crowd turned to the giant TV to watch the action replay.
Were you trying to play footsy with me?
It feels good to come to the aid of somebody.
Tom hoped the initiation ceremony would be over soon.
Through all his days, he does nothing.
He is sad despite all his riches.
They are discontented despite all their riches.
The marriage feast continued for three whole days.
In this region it also snowed for days.
That heartless guy is trying with all his might to ruin me.
With all the effort you've put in, is that all you could come up with to bore me to tears?
Yesterday it rained the whole day.
The water table in the whole country is falling.
My whole body aches.
Theres pain throughout the body.
The wedding feast continued for three days in all.
Our grandchildren will be thrilled.
I just wanted to impress you.
We went out for a stroll.
The reader will doubtless take up this little work with an incredulous smile, supposing that he is about to peruse the impracticable schemes of some good citizen of Utopia. I would, therefore, in the first place, beg of him to lay aside all prejudice, and treat seriously and critically the question brought before him.
If he points that gun at you, just keep on walking. Don't freeze. It's not a real gun.
Try to make a good impression.
We're not interested in such details.
This damn computer doesn't work.
The branch broke under the weight of the snow.
It's a sharp axe, but the branch is not yielding.
I must feed my family.
I need to keep my family fed.
This calculation is incorrect.
My calculation was correct.
No matter how hard you try at work, someone still works less and gets more than you.
Tom wiped off the table with a damp rag.
Do you have a chronometer?
Small children work as slaves on the cocoa plantation.
She lived to be seventy years old.
That's taboo.
You don't have enough information.
You're missing too many of the details.
Tom was happy to see her so relaxed.
Mary was happy to see him so relaxed.
It's nearly all you talk about.
It's nearly all Tom talks about.
I can't believe I fell for a guy like you.
That band we saw last week rocked!
Bluegrass has a historic beginning from folk music.
Punk rock is not just a genre of music it's a way of life.
Some people can suck the life from you.
In my heart I always loved you!
Our president is a mysogonist and a racist.
She's going to find out sooner or later.
He's going to find out sooner or later.
I looked at the sweet child with adoration.
No, it's not like that.
Tom freed himself from Mary's arms.
It was all very confusing.
They danced slowly.
Tom had trouble sleeping.
Mary had trouble sleeping.
Tom and Mary both had trouble sleeping.
Tom now has his own room.
Mary went to the spa.
Everyone has a plan till they get punched in the mouth.
This is a question that demands more than a simple "yes" or "no" answer.
I'm just yankin' your chain!
You seem to be criminals!
Who the fuck are you?
In Denver people tend to dress casually because it's the people are outdoorsy.
Rabbis are allowed to date.
Apparently not all the chocolate was eaten.
When she walked up the stairs she saw the horroric sight.
Truth is you are harassing me.
Where have we met?
How many are here?
Are you going to watch the Red Wolf Blood Moon tonight?
We watched it, it was spectacular!
It looked like a big orange ball hanging out in the sky! It was beautiful!
She saw us yesterday.
He pointed a range of questions.
Tom cooked lunch for me.
Her neighbor will care for her children while she's away.
Her neighbour will care for her children while she's away.
He has more money than I have.
Tom lay down.
Tom sank.
Tom is squinting.
Tom vomited profusely.
Tom threw up a lot.
Tom heard.
Tom was painting.
This pencil is very dark.
Tom crouched.
Tom squatted.
Tom spread out.
He was looking at himself in the mirror.
Tom counted.
Tom was counting.
Tom investigated.
Tom was investigating.
Tom was delayed.
Tom was looking for his dog all morning.
Tom looked for his dog all morning.
Tom barked.
She was exiled from her country.
They are both of one species.
Did it help?
The stopping distance for an average car travelling 80km/h is 53m.
My friend kept nudging me to tell me something.
The much anticipated new theatre production was unfortunately a bit of a damp squib in the end.
I am revoking my permission to play on my iPad, Tom.
The etches carved into the old wooden table were from hundreds of students who had sat at it in classes over the years.
Our manufacturing plant uses precision instruments to make the best quality products.
When squeezed, Tom's spot secreted pus.
If we don't restructure our business, we're going to go under.
Tom pulled Mary's hair so hard that it came out complete with follicles.
The clouds thickened and it started to precipitate.
The secretion from Tom's wound was a horrible green color.
Tom wanted to join a fraternity at university, but was scared of the initiation ceremony.
After the prisoners escaped, the police set about recapturing them.
We lost this cricket match because of a few careless fumbles of the ball.
If I get an opportunity, I will always come to the aid of somebody who needs it.
This is your life, make it legendary.
She got wet from the waist to the knees.
Tom got delayed.
He was gazing at her breats.
He found the way home.
He was soaked to the bone.
He exercised to burn off some energy.
This wound resembles a spider bite.
A canary in a coal mine served as an early warning system for carbon monoxide or other toxic gasses.
Although studies in the social sciences have yielded interesting results, replicating the studies has proven difficult.
Did Tom tell you anything about this?
We switched to a double-entry bookkeeping system to help us understand our cash flow.
It feels like it was just yesterday.
Tom's so lazy that you have to prod him repeatedly to get him to do his share of the work.
I have discussed today with a guy.
Tom tended to curse like a trucker whenever things didn't go his way.
Although you may curse your luck, jury duty can't be avoided.
Construing his statement as support of the president's agenda is a bit of a stretch.
I've been waiting for my car to get out of the shop, but they're slower than a seven-year itch.
Ever since he skipped out on his bill, he's been persona non grata around here.
The film will delight and enchant you.
I've got nothing to do while the technician dissects the problem.
I enjoy the slow buildup of progress in incremental games.
This book's a good primer on the subject, but it doesn't go into much depth.
Tom's running commentary made it impossible to focus on the film.
We had a baked acorn squash with brown sugar for dinner.
A stampede of desperate parents fill toy stores in the days before Christmas.
Most people who think they are revolutionizing an industry have really just found a novel way to fail.
I haven't been able to contact Tom.
I don't have any energy left.
He probably knows the answer.
Tom's flat is small.
I don't have to cook it.
The boy is sucking on an orange-flavored caramel.
Don't you like wine?
You don't like wine?
You told him so.
You told her yes.
Don't ask why; just do it.
I have no reason to cook it.
Congratulations, buddy.
Congrats, buddy.
Every country is different.
I thought the bus was free, but I had to pay.
Do you not like wine?
He was staring at himself in the mirror.
The only kidney I have is functioning better than the two I had.
Be careful of that mean dog next door.
He denied his marital status.
She denied her marital status.
Marriage or divorce change the marital status.
She should fill out her marital status in the questionnaire.
What do you mean by saying you're not satisfied?
You're not fit to wear the shirt.
Would you like to eat strawberries?
I refuse to use plastic bags.
He's an unfaithful sort.
If you want to form a new habit, positive reinforcement works best.
I'd scarcely heard Tom was looking for me before I turned around and there he was, as big as life and twice as ugly.
Spend a few days getting familiar with the project, and if you want to keep working on it, we'll formalize the arrangement.
Tom was skeptical of Mary's business plan, but he kept an open mind about it.
Please send in the original document, and keep a photocopy for your records.
It took about an hour to make dinner, but most of the time was just prep work.
Some people claim that a pizza is a kind of open-face sandwich, but I'm not sure I agree.
They say that intelligence is all that differentiates us from the apes.
Sometimes, I think the president is just trying to ignite a controversy when he gives a speech.
The restaurant was full of pensioners taking advantage of the early-bird special.
Though I grappled with the problem for hours, I came no closer to a solution.
Congress failed to enact any useful legislation during the entire session.
They almost missed me.
They said on the radio that it would be cold tomorrow.
Do you intend to go to Ankara?
Big snowflakes are falling.
This question can't be answered by a simple yes or no.
This question can't be answered with an unqualified yes or no.
Why is my robe still wet while yours is already dry?
"It's true," said John.
"That's true," said John.
Tom met Mary at the library.
I can't understand those comments.
I've been accused of being pushy.
Tom made some biscuits for his children.
If you want to argue, let's argue.
She was reading a newspaper.
It was the end of the shift.
She told me to stay home.
She came back to work.
She got pulled over by a cop.
She was given a ticket.
She doesn't really like cops.
She was sent to the principal's office.
She blocked him on Facebook.
The separatists like to terrorize people online.
The separatists have been terorrizing me with threatening messages.
The separatists don't scare me.
What could the separatists do?
I took screenshots of all the threatening messages sent to me by the separatists. They will be used against their authors in a court of law.
The separatists think that I'm playing.
The separatists think that I'm kidding.
She spoke Berber.
How did you learn Berber?
How to become fluent in Berber?
I wanted to learn Berber.
I want to learn Berber.
This really helped me to learn Berber.
I will do this video in Berber.
I practised Berber at school.
I watched the movie in Berber.
I wanted to practise Berber.
I found Berber native speakers.
I found native speakers of Berber.
I want to teach Berber to my children.
I want to teach Berber to my kids.
I enjoy learning Berber.
I learned Berber in high school.
I had a Berber grammar class.
We have a Berber vocabulary class.
I learn Berber.
I'm learning Berber.
How do you say this in Berber?
I can speak Berber.
I went to Kabylie to learn Berber.
This book helped me improve my Berber immensely.
I forced my kids to use Berber.
I force my kids to use Berber at home.
I ordered my food in Berber at the restaurant.
I need to learn Berber.
In Kabylie, you need Berber to survive.
I speak Berber in Algiers.
We speak Berber in our area.
We speak Berber in our city.
I'm sure all of you know Berber.
I can speak Berber fluently.
Berber is an official language in Algeria.
Berber is official alongside Arabic in Algeria.
In Algeria, Berber is official alongside Arabic.
Our language is Berber and Kabyle is just a dialect of the Berber language.
I am doing a video in Berber.
I speak Berber.
How did you learn Berber so fast?
I'm in love with speaking Berber?
Berber is so much more beautiful than English.
I fell in love with Berber.
I fell in love with the Berber language.
I speak Berber fluently.
I find the Berber language really cool.
I gave Taninna some tips on how to learn Berber.
I gave Taninna some tips on how to master Berber.
I started learning Berber when I was thirteen.
I can fully understand what they are saying in Berber.
I have been learning Berber for thirteen years.
I wanted to be fluent in Berber.
It took me three years to learn Berber.
I want to learn the Berber language.
I wanted my kids to learn Berber before the age of six.
These Berber videos are so boring.
I watched a ton of videos in Berber.
He only speaks Berber.
I was dating a girl in high school who only spoke Berber.
I was dating a girl in high school who spoke Berber.
I put the car radio on Berber music.
I watched my favorite shows in Berber.
All my friends speak Berber.
I took three years of Berber language in high school.
I really want to learn Berber.
I had to do so much studying to learn Berber.
I joined a Berber language class.
I speak Berber in public.
I started speaking Berber.
I learned Berber from my college friends.
We all speak Berber.
After I learned Berber, I adopted a prominent Kabyle accent.
I love speaking Berber.
I teach my son Berber.
I teach Berber to my son.
Berber is my favorite language.
I worked so hard to be fluent in Berber.
I don't know how to read and write Berber.
I learned Berber in school.
I took so many classes in Berber.
I learned grammar Berber.
I took as many classes in Berber as I could.
I am in the Berber class.
Taninna speaks Berber.
Taninna signed up for a Berber class.
There wasn't one word of Berber spoken in that class.
I need to speak Berber back and forth to master it.
Pretty much everyone knows Berber here.
Berber is a beautiful language.
No one has managed to please everyone.
And Avram took his wife Sarai and his nephew Lot, and all their possessions that they had acquired, and all the people who they had acquired in Haran, and they left to go to the land of Canaan, and they came into the land of Canaan.
I think Berber is just a language of love.
I love the Berber language.
I need to learn Berber quicker.
I want to listen to this Berber song.
I need to learn Berber fast.
He learned Berber really fast.
How do you say "I love you" in Berber?
I speak Berber like a native.
I speak Berber perfectly.
I took a Berber class.
I did take a Berber class.
I didn't learn anything in Berber.
I learned Berber fast.
I learnt Berber fast.
We were talking about the Berber class.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, to learn Berber.
No one speaks Berber here.
I am going to speak Berber.
I'm gonna speak Berber.
I'm going to speak Berber.
He could hardly speak Berber.
I had no idea about the Berber language.
I made progress in Berber.
I wanted to learn Berber fast.
I needed to learn Berber fast.
Learning Berber was so hard.
Learning Berber was more difficult than I imagined.
I need to improve my Berber vocabulary.
I don't know how to say that in Berber.
I forgot Berber.
He didn't speak any Berber at all.
We communicated in the little bit of Berber I knew.
He really helped me improve my Berber.
I tried to practise Berber with him.
I tried to improve my Berber vocabulary a little bit.
I have a huge Berber language dictionary.
One of my friends helped me improve my Berber.
I'm trying to learn Berber.
I still struggle with Berber conjugation.
It took me three to four months to learn Berber.
I couldn't understand every word of the Berber conversation.
I have a good Berber dictionary.
He can speak Berber.
When we spoke Berber, they were laughing at us.
I found a tutor to teach me Berber.
I need to find a friend who speaks Berber.
Berber conjugation is difficult.
I made friends that speak Berber.
I hung out with them to learn Berber.
I'm communicating with them in Berber.
It's so hard to understand Berber.
I find it so hard to understand Berber.
He didn't speak Berber at all.
She needs to learn Berber fast.
You can't get fluent in Berber if you don't practise it.
You have to really work harder to learn Berber.
I found a better website to learn Berber.
I learned ten new Berber vocabulary words every day.
Do you want to know how I learned Berber?
Is Berber hard to learn?
Is Berber an easy language?
Is Berber easy to learn?
Is Berber harder than Hungarian?
How did she learn Berber?
How exactly did you learn Berber?
I speak Spanish, Portuguese, English, Arabic, and Berber.
I was taking Berber classes in high school.
I practised Berber out loud.
I don't know how to use this Berber verb.
I learned many Berber phrases.
I got an A on the Berber test.
I didn't want to learn Berber.
Learning Berber is going to get you employment in the future.
I listened to Berber radio.
Your Berber is perfect.
I learned Berber in sixty days.
I needed to learn Berber to try and fill that void in me.
I'm gonna learn Berber.
I am going to learn Berber.
My parents spoke fluent Berber.
Why didn't my parents teach me Berber?
My parents didn't teach me Berber.
My parents never taught me Berber.
I didn't know how to ask my teacher to go to the bathroom in Berber.
I learned Berber.
I learnt Berber.
I learned Berber at age 13.
I want to teach these people Berber.
We need to learn Berber.
I'm a Berber teacher.
I loved the Berber language.
I'm studying Berber.
My Berber tutor was happy with me.
I studied Berber for about an hour and a half.
We speak Berber at home.
I'm doing my Berber homework.
I need to learn Berber as fast as possible.
We needed to learn Berber.
The separatists have absolutely nothing to do with the Berber Cultural Movement.
The separatists have absolutely nothing to do with Berber linguistics.
The separatists speak French, not Berber.
I'm learning Berber conjugation and I'm really struggling with it.
I avoided to speak in Berber because I was afraid of looking dumb.
I was learning Berber.
I know you want to learn Berber.
I speak Berber all the time.
I think they can speak Berber.
I told her "I love you" in Berber.
I needed to practise Berber.
I need to talk to my co-workers more to learn Berber.
I need to practise Berber with my co-workers.
I wanted to practise my Berber, so I needed to talk more to my co-workers.
I want to learn Berber fast.
Berber is my language.
We can communicate in Berber.
My language is your language, too. It's the Berber language.
I started to sing in Berber.
I started to feel more confident in my Berber.
I even spoke Berber on an American TV program.
Is she fluent in Berber?
I learned Berber to reconnect with my culture.
I am excited to continue to learn Berber.
I am excited to learn Berber.
I loved learning Berber.
I liked learning Berber.
I learned Berber as an adult.
I learnt Berber as an adult.
I learned Berber in Kabyle, Algeria.
Kabyle, Algeria, is one of the best places where you can learn Berber.
Everyone speaks Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
I talked about how I learned Berber as an adult.
I helped Taninna learn Berber.
I helped Taninna learn Berber even faster.
I started learning Berber in middle school.
I didn't learn any word in Berber.
I learned some basics of Berber.
This book really helped me to learn Berber.
I only spoke Berber.
I gave Taninna guitar lessons and she gave me Berber lessons.
We went to a restaurant and ordered food in Berber.
I started learning Berber.
I started studying Berber with a private tutor.
I sent her a private message in Berber.
I am learning Berber on Youtube.
When Taninna learned Berber, she already spoke English and Arabic.
I was learning the Berber language.
I was learning Berber seriously.
I got used to writing in Berber.
I read a Berber book.
I developed excellent writing skills in Berber.
I got a message from her in Berber.
I translated the book into Berber.
I translated the book in Berber.
I was really focused on learning Berber.
I wanted to learn Berber as best as I could.
In 2001, I was already teaching Berber professionally.
I was learning Berber online.
I wanted to teach her Berber.
We got on Skype and chatted face-to-face in Berber.
We were chatting in Berber via Skype.
I taught Berber on Skype.
I learned Berber on YouTube.
I was immesed in Berber.
I went to Kabylie, Algeria, to get immersed in Berber.
I barely spoke Berber.
The separatists don't know shit about Berber.
The separatists don't know shit about the Berber language.
The separatists don't know shit about Berber linguistics.
The separatists should keep away from Berber linguistics.
The separatists should keep away from Berber linguistics since they don't know shit about it.
How do you say "banana" in Berber?
I speak Berber everywhere.
He was trying to explain this to me in Berber.
My Berber wasn't good enough to explain that.
We always speak in Berber.
I was speaking in Berber.
I downloaded the best English-to-Berber dictionary I could find.
I am so glad I got this Berber dictionary.
I still use that Berber dictionary to this day.
I use an online Berber-to-English dictionary.
I studied Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
I understood what she said in Berber.
I couldn't ask for a better Berber teacher.
That really helped me a lot to learn Berber.
I was spending time with Taninna to learn Berber.
I started spending more time with Taninna to learn Berber.
I learned Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
I recommend you to travel to Kabylie, Algeria, and learn Berber.
I learned Berber in Algeria.
We had a common love for Berber.
This app really helped me to learn Berber.
This application really helped me to learn Berber.
I studied Berber seriously.
I study Berber seriously.
I haven't stopped learning Berber.
Berber is my first language.
Are you learning Berber?
Are you studying Berber?
I learned Berber quickly.
I listen to Berber as much as possible.
I listen to and speak Berber.
I tried to speak in Berber.
I need to train my tongue to pronounce Berber words correctly.
I needed to learn Berber all over again.
Listen to Berber.
I don't understand everything that is being said in Berber.
This Berber dictionary is going to help you more than you think.
I have heard this Berber word before.
I focused on my Berber studies.
I started practising Berber on Skype.
I still use this website for learning Berber.
I really enjoyed using this website for learning Berber.
Berber is my number-one focus.
Get to practising Berber.
I cut some ash twigs.
A big seed fell on me.
It is greed that separates the brothers.
What you have in your heart is on your face.
He just comes and goes.
He is boasting in front of us.
Be straight!
In winter, dress warmly.
The sky fell on our heads.
To thrive in the era of intelligent machines, we need to expand our thinking. Instead of worrying about godlike super-machines, we should tell better stories about all the everyday ways A.I. is already changing the world.
He put a case on his back.
The one who caused me so much trouble now wants to make me blind.
One never profits from that which is ill-gotten.
If you could come tomorrow, that'd be great.
I think it'd be great, if you could come tomorrow.
Do not give this man any more money!
I bought this car for me.
Mary is wearing a t-shirt with "No Kissing!" written on it.
I like to listen to classical music while I work.
His doctor is nature.
Mary is eighty-seven years old already.
My phone is fully charged.
You've said enough stupidity.
I only ate a little for lunch and now I'm super hungry.
He leads a humble life.
I can't believe it that tom said that to you.
Normally, Japanese people are shy.
Is it really cold in Moscow?
I actually don't like doing that.
Please don't make me go there!
Many people are dependent on their emotions.
Have you ever lost the track of time, while reading a book?
Seems like you're pretty generous with tips.
He looked as if he was very tired.
Every time when they talk, they're at each other's throats.
We'll just see about that!
I am investing money into this venture.
My parents live in a cottage.
I fear, that tom will again run away from his responsibilities.
"God created man in his image." -- "Have you ever thought about what that means?" Tom asked,"Yeah." answered Maria,"If god had a camera, we wouldn't exist."
You just don't do something like that.
Seems to me that your opinion is right.
Tom bought a hat. It's black. Tom likes it.
Unfortunately I gotta go now.
She's interested in politics.
You're finally here!
We take the car to school.
Why exactly do you need to do that?
Tom asked Mary why she lied.
I saw Tom sitting on Mary's lap.
Tom looked incredible.
Please draw me a picture of a sheep.
Please draw a picture of a sheep.
Please draw a picture of sheep.
The separatists hate Maduro.
The separatists are fascists.
The separatists won't win this war.
The separatists are cowards.
The separatists are hypocrites.
The separatists are liars.
The separatists don't have anything to do with science.
The flag of the separatist group should not represent Kabylie.
The flag of the separatist group should not represent the Algerian region of Kabylie.
It is a grave error to use the flag of the separatist group to represent the Kabyle dialect.
It would be a grave error to use the flag of the separatist group to represent the Kabyle dialect.
The separatist group doesn't have monopoly over the Kabyle dialect.
The separatist group is far from being the sole and legitimate representative of the people of Kabylie.
Claiming that the flag of the separatist group is the flag of all of Kabylie is a gross lie.
The flag of the separatist group was recently banned at a Kabyle music concert in Paris.
Here, I am a stranger.
The lady has a pet.
My cat meows a lot.
My dog barks a lot.
My wife complains a lot.
Do you want to know how I learn Berber?
How did you become fluent in Berber?
How do I become fluent in Berber?
I filmed a video speaking in Berber.
I am telling this story in Berber.
I was more motivated with my Berber learning journey.
I want to inspire Taninna to learn Berber.
Berber is not my mother tongue.
Berber isn't my mother tongue.
I subtitled the video in Berber.
I am looking for audiobooks in Berber.
I'm looking for audiobooks in Berber.
I am fluent in Berber.
I have had relationships in Berber.
I dream in Berber.
I grew up speaking Berber.
I grew up in a small Kabyle village in Algeria.
I studied Berber at school.
I have to do three years of Berber.
I teach Berber at a public school.
I loved the Berber language and I found it really hard to learn.
I found Berber really hard to learn.
I have to learn Berber.
Berber class was the most boring ever.
I joined the Berber language class.
I joined the Berber-language class.
I have never been to Algeria.
I couldn't wait to start learning Berber.
You need to complete the exercise using indirect speech.
I consider myself as fluent in Berber.
I was struggling with Berber grammar.
I couldn't stop thinking outside of Berber class.
I'm a Berber-language poet and I didn't even realize it.
I write poetry in Berber.
I had the highest grade possible on the Berber text.
I was speaking to myself in Berber.
I speak Berber like my native tongue.
I can speak Berber like my native tongue.
I loved Berber.
Kabyle men are incredibly good-looking and sexy.
Kabyle men are incredibly attractive.
Kabyle women are incredibly attractive.
Kabyle women are incredibly beautiful.
Kabyle girls are incredibly beautiful.
I studied Berber.
I was saving up all my money to go to Kabylie, Algeria, and learn Berber.
I will go to Algeria.
I didn't understand a word of Berber.
I wanted to do an intensive Berber course.
I went to Algeria.
I visited Algeria.
I have never been to Kabylie, Algeria.
I fell very much in love with the Berber language.
We spoke in Berber.
We lived together in Algeria.
I live in Algeria.
I feel completely fluent in Berber.
I use Berber at home.
I have got some tips for you to get fluent in Berber.
I've got some tips for you to get fluent in Berber.
I talk to my clients in Berber.
I spoke in Berber.
Berber is my second language.
Berber is my strongest language.
Berber is the language of my parents.
I'm quite comfortable with Berber.
I am quite comfortable with Berber.
Berber is an official language in Algeria and Morocco.
I mix Berber a lot with Arabic.
I learned a lot of Berber vocabulary.
I started actively learning Berber at school.
I know a lot of Berber vocabulary.
I mixed Berber with Arabic.
Speak Berber.
Speak Berber!
Watch TV in Berber.
I'm watching TV in Berber.
I am learning Berber.
I learned Berber in a month.
I decided to learn Berber.
I teach Berber.
I teach Berber on my YouTube channel.
I want to teach myself Berber.
I use YouTube to learn Berber.
I learn Berber on YouTube.
What is your goal for learning Berber?
I know many Berber phrases.
Why did you want to learn Berber?
I kept Taninna motivated to learn Berber.
You need to stay motivated to learn Berber.
I have always had the desire to learn Berber.
I'm considering teaching Berber.
I am considering teaching Berber.
I want to teach Berber.
I am using a website to learn Berber.
I'm using a website to learn Berber.
I am looking for a Berber syllabus.
I'm looking for a Berber syllabus.
"What do you want to learn next?" "Berber."
Do you recognize this Berber book?
I took a look at the Berber book.
The table of contents is in Berber.
I'm going to teach you Berber.
I'm gonna teach you Berber.
I don't have a syllabus to teach Berber.
I can't teach Berber without a syllabus.
I have a Berber vocabulary book.
You can learn Berber.
Berber is important to me.
Berber is the language of my ancestors.
It is important to know how to pronounce things in Berber.
I have a Kabyle accent when I speak Berber.
This is my Berber vocabulary book.
You have to know Berber grammar to speak this language.
Berber still doesn't have an ISO-639-code.
Berber will have an ISO-639-code soon.
Could you make a sentence in Berber?
We speak household Berber.
This is a Berber word.
This book has a lot of useful Berber words.
I'm working on my Berber vocabulary.
I'm working on my Berber grammar.
These are all the possible conjugations of the Berber verb.
Don't learn Berber.
It took me two years to learn Berber.
I was afraid to talk to him in Berber.
You can learn Berber faster than me.
You speak perfect Berber.
He doesn't talk Berber perfect.
He doesn't speak Berber perfectly.
I'm learning my Berber vocabulary.
If you learn Berber, you're not gonna lose your Arabic.
This book will definitely help you to learn Berber.
This dictionary will help you to learn Berber.
This is my Berber vocab book.
I'm actively learning Berber.
I still learn Berber.
I'm still learning Berber.
I spent time reading Berber kids' books.
I read kids' books in Berber.
I learn a lot from Berber kids' books.
I try to make learning Berber fun.
I say everything in Berber.
I use as much Berber as I can.
I learn as much Berber as I can.
Her Berber is perfect.
I practise Berber every day.
I practise my Berber every day.
Speaking Berber has become a second nature to me.
I'm singing a Berber song.
How long did you study Berber?
I study Berber all the time.
I don't care if you learn Berber.
I teach Berber online.
I practise Berber all the time.
I neglected Berber for too long.
I neglected my Berber for too long.
I have been learning Berber for years.
My wife speaks Berber.
I taught Berber to my wife.
My wife doesn't speak Berber.
My wife wants to learn Berber.
I know someone who wants to learn Berber.
If you know someone who wants to learn Berber, please share this link with them.
They were making small talk in Berber.
I need to practise these Berber phrases.
I learned Berber at home.
I learnt Berber at home.
I learned Berber with my wife.
I learnt Berber with my wife.
I taught some Berber to my wife.
I taught my wife some Berber.
The separatists and the Pan-Arabists are sworn enemies of the Berber language.
The separatists and the Pan-Arabists openly hate the Berber language.
The separatists and the Pan-Arabists harbor a deep hatred towards the Berber language.
The separatists have become the new sworn enemies of the Berber language.
The separatists are the traitors of the Berber Cultural Movement.
The Berber-hating separatist propaganda is based on lies.
The separatists are trying to develop a pseudoscientific narrative to justify their political project.
The claim that the Kabyle flag represents Kabylie is a flagrant lie.
Do you want to learn the Berber language?
Are you interested in the Berber language?
She's singing to her cat in Berber.
She's singing in Berber.
She wants to learn Berber.
She was commenting in Berber.
She's able to speak six languages, including Berber.
She doesn't speak a word of Berber.
How did you ever learn Berber?
I want to learn Berber and Arabic.
Berber is my most fluent language.
I speak Berber to my children.
I speak Berber to my kids.
I speak Berber with a Kabyle accent.
Berber is my most used language.
Although Berber is my most used language, it is not the first language that I learned.
She was very critical of my Berber accent.
They speak Berber in this province.
Both my parents speak Berber.
I can understand Berber.
I can understand Berber but can't speak it.
I understand Berber.
She did understand Berber, but she couldn't reply in that language.
I spoke fluent perfect Berber.
I can speak fluent perfect Berber.
I never felt pressured or forced to speak Berber.
I visited my parents in Algeria.
He can speak Berber totally fine.
My mother spoke Berber to me and my siblings.
She speaks Berber to her kids.
I was very proud of being able to speak fluent Berber.
She was so critical of my Berber accent.
I am from Algeria and I speak Berber fluently.
I speak perfect Berber.
My Berber accent was made fun of.
I was born and grew up in Algeria.
I have a perfect native Berber accent.
I am Algerian and I speak Berber.
I grew up in Kabylie, Algeria, speaking the Berber language.
Berber is a part of me.
I could blame my parents for not being strict on me to speak only in Berber.
At age three, Berber was already part of me.
I speak Berber like a Berber native.
I speak Berber like a native speaker.
I kept improving in the Berber language.
I chose to study Berber.
I chose to study the Berber language.
I chose to learn the Berber language.
Berber is useful.
The Berber language is useful.
There are many aspects of the Berber language that I love.
I love Algerian food.
Berber is easy to learn.
I took my very first Berber class in middle school.
I started to learn Berber in middle school.
I passed the Berber test with flying colors.
I passed my Berber test.
I was taking Berber in that grade.
I have Berber class later.
I have a good Berber workbook.
All of my Berber books are back in Algeria.
I got really into Berber-language movies.
I was always into Berber-language music.
I wanted to be able to read Berber poetry in Berber.
Berber is a language.
The Berber language is so difficult.
I had very little confidence to use Berber with native speakers.
I went back to Algeria.
We became penpals through e-mail and we wrote to each other in Berber.
In this town, I see Berber everywhere.
In this city, I see and hear Berber everywhere.
I want to order my food in Berber.
How do you greet people in Berber?
Berber is used in this area.
I want to practise Berber in real-world situations.
I want to learn Berber in Kabylie, Algeria.
If you want to learn Berber, go to Kabylie, Algeria.
Kabylie is part of Algeria and will always be.
Kabylie is my home area.
Kabylie, Algeria, is my home area.
I started using Berber.
I have to use Berber to interact with people here.
I improved a lot faster in Berber.
Berber is my most fluent language after Arabic.
I chose to use Berber.
I chose to speak Berber.
I chose to speak in Berber.
I chose to talk to them in Berber.
I chose to teach Berber.
I like the Berber language.
They only spoke Berber to me.
No one wanted to speak Berber to me.
I read those messages in Berber.
They were willing to speak to me in Berber.
Everything is in Berber here.
I love Berber culture.
I have a Youtube video on how I learned Berber.
I don't have much time to study Berber these days.
I can count in Berber.
Can you count in Berber?
Do you like Berber music?
Matoub Lounes sings in Berber.
They speak in Berber.
I learned Berber with a good Algerian friend that I met in London.
I know how much you enjoy learning Berber.
Her love for Berber far surpasses anything else.
He loves the Berber language.
French is his native language.
French is his first language.
He is a native speaker of French.
She is too sensitive.
He tried in vain not to cry.
She speaks German, not to mention English.
Makoto found his true love on top of Uluru. She's from Osaka.
Makoto found his true love on top of Uluru. He's from Osaka.
Naima Salhi and the separatists are the same thing.
Naima Salhi and the separatists are pretty much the same thing.
Naima Salhi and the separatists are the two faces of the same coin.
You shouldn't talk about your friends behind their selkie.
Naima Salhi and the separatists need each other to tear Algeria apart.
Naima Salhi, Larbi Zitout, and the separatists are all enemies of the Berber language and the Algerian nation.
The separatists are extremists.
The separatists hate the Berber language.
The separatists are racist extremists.
The separatists are racist.
The separatists are racists.
I didn't know that it was possible to reverse one's myopia until I saw Jake Steiner's videos about it on YouTube.
I'm full, thank you very much!
I will learn to control my thoughts.
Tom has a tattoo on his right arm.
Can I just have a sip of your wine?
The United States has lost the war in Syria.
The separatists are not our brothers.
The separatists aren't your brothers.
Man makes mistakes all his life.
Tom composed himself.
Tom calmed down.
Tom slobbered.
Tom would be parched.
Tom painted.
Tom has flown.
Tom has chosen.
Tom has connected.
Tom went bankrupt.
Tom went broke.
Tom has gone bankrupt.
Tom has gone broke.
Usually I have a shift with a longer break.
Tom fasted.
We cannot solve problems with the thinking that created them
That man was dying.
I haven't seen her for a very long time.
I don't give a damn about what Mary thinks.
I'm not blocking their view.
I don't completely agree with them.
I'm not sure I have time for that.
The snow is coming down in large flakes.
I'm from Finland.
I'm from Russia.
I'm from Sweden.
Do any of you want a cookie?
Do y'all want a cookie?
Tom sold his business.
You're very imaginative, Tom.
Tom studied geology.
Let's eat something before we go out.
I was angry because she was late.
Tom said he'd explain the rules to me.
Anything you say may be used against you in a court of law.
Anything you say can be used against you in court.
You have the right to talk to a lawyer for advice before we ask you any questions.
You have the right to have a lawyer with you during questioning.
If you can't afford a lawyer, one will be provided for you.
If you decide to answer questions now without a lawyer present, you have the right to stop answering at any time.
If you can't afford an attorney, one will be appointed for you before any questioning if you wish.
Tom would've been parched.
The balloon is rising into the sky.
Bruxelles, wait for me, I am coming, soon I will take the drift.
Tom refused to give the money back.
Tom used his parents' credit card without permission.
But their extraordinary prosperity was attended by some equally singular family misfortunes, of which that which befell their eldest daughter was at once unaccountable and melancholy.
You have to know how to get back up after being knocked down.
Life will throw some curveballs at you.
The young couple broke a piece of gold together, and pledged their troth in the most solemn manner; and it is said the young lady imprecated dreadful evils on herself should she break her plighted faith.
Shortly after, a suitor who was favoured by Lord Stair, and still more so by his lady, paid his addresses to Miss Dalrymple. The young lady refused the proposal, and being pressed on the subject, confessed her secret engagement.
Lady Stair, a woman accustomed to universal submission, for even her husband did not dare to contradict her, treated this objection as a trifle, and insisted upon her daughter yielding her consent to marry the new suitor, David Dunbar, son and heir to David Dunbar of Baldoon, in Wigtonshire.
The first lover, a man of very high spirit, then interfered by letter, and insisted on the right he had acquired by his troth plighted with the young lady.
Lady Stair sent him for answer, that her daughter, sensible of her undutiful behaviour in entering into a contract unsanctioned by her parents, had retracted her unlawful vow, and now refused to fulfil her engagement with him.
The lover, in return, declined positively to receive such an answer from any one but his mistress in person.
She had to deal with a man who was both of a most determined character and of too high condition to be trifled with.
Lady Stair was obliged to consent to an interview between Lord Rutherford and her daughter.
She particularly insisted on the Levitical law, which declares that a woman shall be free of a vow which her parents dissent from.
The lover in vain conjured the daughter to declare her own opinion and feelings.
She remained totally overwhelmed, as it seemedmute, pale, and motionless as a statue
Only at her mother's command, sternly uttered, she summoned strength enough to restore to her plighted suitor the piece of broken gold which was the emblem of her troth.
On this he burst forth into a tremendous passion, took leave of the mother with maledictions, and as he left the apartment, turned back to say to his weak, if not fickle, mistresss: For you, madam, you will be a world's wonder; a phrase by which some remarkable degree of calamity is usually implied.
He went abroad, and returned not again.
The marriage betwixt Janet Dalrymple and David Dunbar of Baldoon now went forward, the bride showing no repugnance, but being absolutely passive in everything her mother commanded or advised.
On the day of the marriage, which, as was then usual, was celebrated by a great assemblage of friends and relations, she was the samesad, silent, and resigned, as it seemed, to her destiny.
Her hand, which lay on his as she held her arm around his waist, was as cold and damp as marble.
The bridal feast was followed by dancing.
The bride and bridegroom retired as usual, when of a sudden the most wild and piercing cries were heard from the nuptial chamber.
It was then the custom, to prevent any coarse pleasantry which old times perhaps admitted, that the key of the nuptial chamber should be entrusted to the bridesman.
He was called upon, but refused at first to give it up, till the shrieks became so hideous that he was compelled to hasten with others to learn the cause.
On opening the door, they found the bridegroom lying across the threshold, dreadfully wounded, and streaming with blood.
The bride was then sought for. She was found in the corner of the large chimney, having no covering save her shift, and that dabbled in gore.
There she sat grinning at them, mopping and mowing, as I heard the expression used; in a word, absolutely insane.
She survived this horrible scene little more than a fortnight, having been married on the 24th of August, and dying on the 12th of September 1669.
The unfortunate Baldoon recovered from his wounds, but sternly prohibited all inquiries respecting the manner in which he had received them.
If a lady, he said, asked him any question upon the subject, he would neither answer her nor speak to her again while he lived; if a gentleman, he would consider it as a mortal affront, and demand satisfaction as having received such.
He did not very long survive the dreadful catastrophe, having met with a fatal injury by a fall from his horse.
Various reports went abroad on this mysterious affair, many of them very inaccurate, though they could hardly be said to be exaggerated.
It was difficult at that time to become acquainted with the history of a Scottish family above the lower rank; and strange things sometimes took place there, into which even the law did not scrupulously inquire.
I am too stubborn in habits, and too little polished in manners, to envy or aspire to the honours assigned to my literary contemporaries.
Why do you look so pale, Lucy? said her father, turning suddenly round and breaking silence.
According to the ideas of the time, which did not permit a young woman to offer her sentiments on any subject of importance unless required to do so, Lucy was bound to appear ignorant of the meaning of all that had passed betwixt Alice and her father.
A bull, stimulated either by the scarlet colour of Miss Ashton's mantle, or by one of those fits of capricious ferocity to which their dispositions are liable, detached himself suddenly from the group which was feeding at the upper extremity of a grassy glade, that seemed to lose itself among the crossing and entangled boughs. The animal approached the intruders on his pasture ground, at first slowly, pawing the ground with his hoof, bellowing from time to time, and tearing up the sand with his horns, as if to lash himself up to rage and violence.
Encouraged by the appearance of flight, the bull began to pursue them at full speed.
It seemed inevitable that the father or daughter, or both, should have fallen victims to the impending danger, when a shot from the neighbouring thicket arrested the progress of the animal.
Lucy lay senseless on the ground, insensible of the wonderful deliverance which she had experienced.
Her father was almost equally stupified, so rapid and unexpected had been the transition from the horrid death which seemed inevitable to perfect security.
He gazed on the animal, terrible even in death, with a species of mute and confused astonishment.
He might have supposed the bull had been arrested in its career by a thunderbolt, had he not observed among the branches of the thicket the figure of a man, with a short gun or musquetoon in his hand.
A glance at his daughter reminded him of the necessity of procuring her assistance.
In a few hurried words he directed the shooter, a stronger and more active man than himself, to carry the young lady to a neighbouring fountain, while he went back to Alice's hut to procure more aid.
He raised Lucy from the ground in his arms, and conveying her through the glades of the forest by paths with which he seemed well acquainted, stopped not until he laid her in safety by the side of a plentiful and pellucid fountain, which had been once covered in, screened and decorated with architectural ornaments of a Gothic character.
But now the vault which had covered the fountain being broken down and riven, and the Gothic font ruined and demolished, the stream burst forth from the recess of the earth in open day, and winded its way among the broken sculpture and moss-grown stones which lay in confusion around its source.
Tradition, always busy, at least in Scotland, to grace with a legendary tale a spot in itself interesting, had ascribed a cause of peculiar veneration to this fountain.
A beautiful young lady met one of the Lords of Ravenswood while hunting near this spot.
A beautiful young lady met one of the Lords of Ravenswood while hunting near this spot, and, like a second Egeria, had captivated the affections of the feudal Numa.
They met frequently afterwards.
They met frequently afterwards, and always at sunset.
The charms of the nymph's mind completed the conquest which her beauty had begun, and the mystery of the intrigue added zest to both.
She always appeared and disappeared close by the fountain, with which, therefore, her lover judged she had some inexplicable connexion.
They met only once a week.
Friday was the appointed day.
She explained to the Lord of Ravenswood that they were under the necessity of separating so soon as the bell of a chapel, belonging to a hermitage in the adjoining wood, now long ruinous, should toll the hour of vespers.
Father Zachary drew the necessary and obvious consequence that his patron was enveloped in the toils of Satan, and in danger of destruction, both to body and soul.
Father Zachary urged these perils to the Baron with all the force of monkish rhetoric.
He described, in the most frightful colours, the real character and person of the apparently lovely Naiad, whom he hesitated not to denounce as a limb of the kingdom of darkness.
The lover listened with obstinate incredulity.
It was not until worn out by the obstinacy of the anchoret that he consented to put the state and condition of his mistress to a certain trial.
He acquiesced in Zachary's proposal that on their next interview the vespers bell should be rung half an hour later than usual.
The hermit maintained and bucklered his opinion, by quotations from Malleus Malificarum, Sprengerus, Remigius, and other learned demonologists, that the Evil One, thus seduced to remain behind the appointed hour, would assume her true shape, and, having appeared to her terrified lover as a fiend of hell, would vanish from him in a flash of sulphurous lightning.
The hermit maintained that the Evil One, thus seduced to remain behind the appointed hour, would assume her true shape, and, having appeared to her terrified lover as a fiend of hell, would vanish from him in a flash of sulphurous lightning.
Raymond of Ravenswood acquiesced in the experiment, not incurious concerning the issue, though confident it would disappoint the expectations of the hermit.
At the appointed hour, the lovers met.
Their interview was protracted beyond that at which they usually parted.
No change took place upon the nymph's outward form.
As soon as the lengthening shadows made her aware that the usual hour of the vespers chime was passed, she tore herself from her lover's arms with a shriek of despair, bid him adieu for ever, and, plunging into the fountain, disappeared from his eyes.
The bubbles occasioned by her descent were crimsoned with blood as they arose.
In memory of his Naiad, he had previously ornamented the fountain in which she appeared to reside, and secured its waters from profanation or pollution by the small vaulted building of which the fragments still remained scattered around it.
From this period the house of Ravenswood was supposed to have dated its decay.
All agreed that the spot was fatal to the Ravenswood family; and that to drink of the waters of the well, or even approach its brink, was ominous to a descendant of that house.
Another means of silently lessening the inequality of property is to exempt all from taxation below a certain point, and to tax the higher portions of property in geometrical progression as they rise.
Whenever there is in any country, uncultivated lands and unemployed poor, it is clear that the laws of property have been so far extended as to violate natural right.
It was on this ominous spot that Lucy Ashton first drew breath after her long and almost deadly swoon.
Beautiful and pale as the fabulous Naiad in the last agony of separation from her lover, she was seated so as to rest with her back against a part of the ruined wall, while her mantle, dripping with the water which her protector had used profusely to recall her senses, clung to her slender and beautifully proportioned form.
The first moment of recollection brought to her mind the danger which had overpowered her senses; the next called to remembrance that of her father.
She looked around. He was nowhere to be seen.
Sir William is safe, answered the voice of a stranger.
Are you sure of that? exclaimed Lucy.
Do not stop me: I must go to seek my father!
The stranger was so near to her that, without actually suffering her to fall, he could not avoid catching her in his arms.
It seemed as if her weight, slight as it was, proved too heavy for her young and athletic assistant, for, without feeling the temptation of detaining her in his arms even for a single instant, he again placed her on the stone from which she had risen.
You, madam, are exhausted, and must not think of rising until you have some assistance more suitable than mine.
Lucy, whose senses were by this time more effectually collected, was naturally led to look at the stranger with attention.
A shooting-dress of dark cloth intimated the rank of the wearer, though concealed in part by a large and loose cloak of a dark brown colour.
A montero cap and a black feather drooped over the wearer's brow.
A montero cap and a black feather drooped over the wearer's brow, and partly concealed his features, which, so far as seen, were dark, regular, and full of majestic, though somewhat sullen, expression.
Some secret sorrow, or the brooding spirit of some moody passion, had quenched the light and ingenuous vivacity of youth.
The impression which we have necessarily been long in describing, Lucy felt in the glance of a moment.
She had no sooner encountered the keen black eyes of the stranger than her own were bent on the ground with a mixture of bashful embarrassment and fear.
Lucy was surprised at the ambiguity of his language.
My name is unnecessary, answered the stranger.
Oh, if you be a man, she saidif you be a gentleman, assist me to find my father!"
You shall not leave me.
You must go with me.
He is dying perhaps while we are talking here!
His joy at seeing his daughter safe overcame the surprise with which he would at another time have beheld her hanging as familiarly on the arm of a stranger as she might have done upon his own.
Lucy, my dear Lucy, are you safe?are you well?
"This gentleman," said Sir William Ashton, "will, I trust, not regret the trouble we have given him, when I assure him of the gratitude of the Lord Keeper for the greatest service which one man ever rendered to anotherfor the life of my childfor my own life, which he has saved by his bravery and presence of mind."
Request nothing of ME, my lord, said the stranger, in a stern and peremptory tone; I am the Master of Ravenswood.
There was a dead pause of surprise, not unmixed with less pleasant feelings.
The Master wrapt himself in his cloak, made a haughty inclination toward Lucy, muttering a few words of courtesy, as indistinctly heard as they seemed to be reluctantly uttered, and, turning from them, was immediately lost in the thicket.
The Master of Ravenswood! said the Lord Keeper, when he had recovered his momentary astonishment.
Hasten after himstop himbeg him to speak to me for a single moment.
The two foresters accordingly set off in pursuit of the stranger. They speedily reappeared, and, in an embarrassed and awkward manner, said the gentleman would not return.
Tell Sir William Ashton that the next time he and I forgather, he will not be half so blythe of our meeting as of our parting.
Tell Sir William Ashton that the next time he and I meet, he will not be half so glad of our meeting as of our parting.
It is a matter of no consequence.
He turned to his daughter, who was by this time so much recovered as to be able to walk home.
The effect, which the various recollections connected with a scene so terrific made upon a mind which was susceptible in an extreme degree, was more permanent than the injury which her nerves had sustained.
Visions of terror, both in sleep and in waking reveries, recalled to her the form of the furious animal.
It was always the image of the Master of Ravenswood, with his native nobleness of countenance and form, that seemed to interpose betwixt her and assured death.
She had never happened to see a young man of mien and features so romantic and so striking as young Ravenswood.
She knew little of Ravenswood, or the disputes which had existed betwixt her father and his.
She knew that he was come of noble stem and was poor, though descended from the noble and the wealthy.
She felt that she could sympathise with the feelings of a proud mind, which urged him to recoil from the proffered gratitude of the new proprietors of his father's house and domains.
Lucy Ashton, in short, was involved in those mazes of the imagination which are most dangerous to the young and the sensitive.
Time, it is true, absence, change of scene and new faces, might probably have destroyed the illusion in her instance, as it has done in many others; but her residence remained solitary, and her mind without those means of dissipating her pleasing visions.
Her solitude was chiefly owing to the absence of Lady Ashton, who was at this time in Edinburgh, watching the progress of some state-intrigue.
The Lord Keeper only received society out of policy or ostentation, and was by nature rather reserved and unsociable.
And thus no cavalier appeared to rival or to obscure the ideal picture of chivalrous excellence which Lucy had pictured to herself in the Master of Ravenswood.
While Lucy indulged in these dreams, she made frequent visits to old blind Alice, hoping it would be easy to lead her to talk on the subject which at present she had so imprudently admitted to occupy so large a portion of her thoughts.
The little she said of him was not altogether so favourable as Lucy had anticipated.
She hinted that he was of a stern and unforgiving character, more ready to resent than to pardon injuries.
She conceived that some secret prejudice, or the suspicions incident to age and misfortune, had led Alice to form conclusions injurious to the character, and irreconcilable both with the generous conduct and noble features, of the Master of Ravenswood.
In this belief Lucy reposed her hope, and went on weaving her enchanted web of fairy tissue, as beautiful and transient as the film of the gossamer when it is pearled with the morning dew and glimmering to the sun.
The Lord Keeper's first task, when he returned home, was to ascertain by medical advice that his daughter had sustained no injury from the dangerous and alarming situation in which she had been placed.
On the evening of the day when the Lord Keeper and his daughter were saved from such imminent peril, two strangers were seated in the most private apartment of a small obscure inn, or rather alehouse, called the Tod's Den, about three or four miles from the Castle of Ravenswood.
One of these strangers was about forty years of age, tall, and thin in the flanks, with an aquiline nose, dark penetrating eyes, and a shrewd but sinister cast of countenance.
The other was about fifteen years younger, short, stout, ruddy-faced, and red-haired, with an open, resolute, and cheerful eye.
The other was about fifteen years younger, short, stout, ruddy-faced, and red-haired, with an open, resolute, and cheerful eye, to which careless and fearless freedom and inward daring gave fire and expression, notwithstanding its light grey colour.
A stoup of wine (for in those days it was served out from the cask in pewter flagons) was placed on the table, and each had his quaigh or bicker before him.
They eyed each other in silence.
Craigengelt drew his cutlass an inch or two, and then returned it with violence into the scabbard.
He has always distrusted me.
You are as easily scared as a wild goose.
I think I hear three or four horses galloping together.
I am sure I hear more horses than one.
But here comes the Master alone, and looking as gloomy as a night in November.
The Master of Ravenswood entered the room accordingly, his cloak muffled around him, his arms folded, his looks stern, and at the same time dejected.
He flung his cloak from him as he entered, threw himself upon a chair, and appeared sunk in a profound reverie.
Take my purse and pay yourself according to your own conscience.
He tendered a purse with some gold in it to the soi-disant captain.
I have had more of his insolence than I can well digest.
No man injures me by word, deed, sign, or look, but he must render me an account of it.
I have no quarrel with you, and desire to have none.
He was my companion for the time, and no man shall insult my companion, right or wrong, while he is in my company.
"Then, Mr. Hayston," replied Ravenswood, with the same composure, "you should choose your society better."
If you are serious, this place will serve as well as another.
This place will serve as well as another.
Dismount then, and draw, said Bucklaw.
Their swords crossed, and the combat commenced.
Bucklaw was well accustomed to affairs of the kind, and distinguished by address and dexterity at his weapon.
The Master, with equal skill, and much greater composure, remained chiefly on the defensive, and even declined to avail himself of one or two advantages afforded him by the eagerness of his adversary.
At length, in a desperate lunge, which he followed with an attempt to close, Bucklaw's foot slipped, and he fell on the short grassy turf on which they were fighting.
Take your life, sir, said the Master of Ravenswood, and mend it if you can.
I thank you for my life, Master, he pursued.
I bear no ill-will to you, either for my bad luck or your better swordsmanship.
Men are never so ready for peace as after war.
Ride home to Wolf's Crag with me. There are places in the old tower where you might lie hid, were a thousand men to seek you.
They rode for some time in silence.
You have nourished in your bosom the snakes that are now stinging you.
"What, to speak without a metaphor, do you call this monstrous passion which you charge me with fostering?" "Revenge, my good sirrevenge."
I am glad to see that the devil deals as cunningly with other folk as he deals with me; for whenever I am about to commit any folly, he persuades me it is the most necessary, gallant, gentlemanlike thing on earth, and I am up to saddlegirths in the bog before I see that the ground is soft.
The pale moon, which had hitherto been contending with flitting clouds, now shone out, and gave them a view of the solitary and naked tower.
The tower, tall and narrow, and built of a greyish stone, stood glimmering in the moonlight, like the sheeted spectre of some huge giant.
A wilder or more disconsolate dwelling it was perhaps difficult to conceive.
"There," said Ravenswood, "sits the only male domestic that remains to the house of Ravenswood; and it is well that he does remain there, since otherwise we had little hope to find either light or fire. "
But follow me cautiously; the road is narrow, and admits only one horse in front.
At length a timid and hesitating voice replied: MasterMaster of Ravenswood, is it you? Yes, it is I, Caleb; open the door quickly.
It is I, you old fool, answered Ravenswood, in bodily shape and alive, save that I am half dead with cold.
The light at the upper window disappeared.
At length Caleb, with a trembling hand, undid the bars, opened the heavy door, and stood before them, exhibiting his thin grey hairs, bald forehead, and sharp high features, illuminated by a quivering lamp which he held in one hand, while he shaded and protected its flame with the other.
Tom rubbed his hands heartily over the fire.
Her family are all very well.
Comfort I cannot provide for you, for I have it not for myself.
Shelter and safety, I think, I can promise you.
His misery had been bequeathed to him by his father.
The morning, which had arisen calm and bright, gave a pleasant effect even to the waste moorland view which was seen from the castle on looking to the landward.
The glorious ocean, crisped with a thousand rippling waves of silver, extended on the other side of the castle, in awful yet complacent majesty, to the verge of the horizon.
With such scenes of calm sublimity the human heart sympathises even in its most disturbed moods.
With such scenes of calm sublimity the human heart sympathises even in its most disturbed moods, and deeds of honour and virtue are inspired by their majestic influence.
The very recollection of Caleb's beverage has done more to suppress my longing to open the day with a morning draught than twenty sermons would have done.
Tatoeba uses CakePHP.
A grimoire is a book of magic.
The wizard read from the old grimoire.
The first sight of Lucy Ashton had been less impressive than her image proved to be upon reflection.
He looked back on his conduct towards the daughter as harsh and unworthy towards a female of rank and beauty.
The recollection of Lucy Ashton's beautiful features, rendered yet more interesting by the circumstances in which their meeting had taken place, made an impression upon his mind at once soothing and painful.
The sweetness of her voice, the delicacy of her expressions, the vivid glow of her filial affection, embittered his regret at having repulsed her gratitude with rudeness.
The sweetness of her voice, the delicacy of her expressions, the vivid glow of her filial affection, embittered his regret at having repulsed her gratitude with rudeness, while, at the same time, they placed before his imagination a picture of the most seducing sweetness.
There existed in his bosom two contradictory passionsa desire to revenge the death of his father, strangely qualified by admiration of his enemy's daughter.
Caleb seldom made an excursion from the old fortress to the neighbouring village of Wolf's Hope without bringing back what tidings were current in the vicinity.
Light meals procure light slumbers.
In the morning Bucklaw rushed into his host's apartment with a loud halloo, which might have awaked the dead.
I have saddled the horses myself.
Help me on with my cloak, and hand me my sword-belt.
What clatter is that in the courtyard?
Animated by the natural impetuosity and fire of his temper, young Bucklaw rushed on with the careless speed of a whirlwind.
