Where did you see her?
To her joy, all the guest praised the meal.
Nothing is more precious to her than the brooch.
She values health above wealth.
Singing comes as naturally to her as flying does to birds.
It seems to be difficult for her to get along with students in the new school.
Nothing gave her greater pleasure than to watch her son growing up.
It makes no difference to her whether she lives in a city or in the country.
Ask her how much soup she wants.
She froze me in her stare.
She could not make both ends meet on her income.
We all thought she was devoid of sense.
She has two brothers, who work in the computer industry.
She has two sisters, who live in Kyoto.
She has three sons, who became sailors.
She has no fewer than seven sons.
She appears to have few friends.
I like her all the better for her naughtiness.
Her mother always accompanies her.
She has some faults, but I love her none the less.
I'm fed up with her.
She has two uncles; one lives in Kyoto and the other in Osaka.
She is proof against flattery.
I think she has a fair amount of sense.
She is said to have had a nice husband.
She has great charm.
She had, I thought, no reason to do what she did.
She is equal to the occasion.
She found the evening boring and uninteresting, in short, a waste of time.
The story came home to her.
She appears to have many friends.
She has a talent for dance.
I can't really read her.
She kissed me full on the lips.
She badly needed the money.
There's something mysterious about her.
She has a marvelous sense of humor.
Does she have any merit?
She had no dress to attend the party in.
Why don't you see if you can't give her a pep talk?
She has a daughter who is a pianist.
I was much annoyed with her.
I still have some feelings for her.
She has a son everybody loves.
She has a daughter whose name is Mary.
She has a lot of work to do.
As is often the case with her, she was late for the meeting this afternoon.
She is out now, as is often the case with her.
As is often the case with her, she broke her promise.
She is dead to pity.
I've met her before, but I can't place her.
She has an important air about her.
She has a son who is a doctor.
A pair of earrings is a nice present for her.
She had a vague feeling of guilt.
She has a natural talent for music.
There was something strange about her.
She has something of a magnetic force.
I remember meeting her somewhere.
I haven't seen her in years.
It was very difficult for her to control her emotions.
She didn't want to get involved.
She has the air of being a lady.
She has a brilliant future.
She has no sense of duty.
I have never dared to speak to her.
She has an uncle who works in a bank.
She has no brothers.
I like her none the less for her faults.
I love her all the more for her faults.
She has faults, but I love her none the less.
I like her the better for her faults.
With all her faults, I still like her.
For all her fault, they loved her.
She has some faults, but I love her all the more because of them.
She has a lot of faults. Still, I like her.
She has a lot of faults; even so, she is liked by everybody.
She has faults, too.
She will never have a second chance to visit Europe.
She has a way of keeping old letters.
It seems to me that she has a tendency to exaggerate.
She has five older brothers.
She has three sisters: one is a nurse and the others are teachers.
She has no children, does she?
She has no less than twelve children.
She has no less chance than I do.
She had no idea what I said.
She is nothing of a poet.
She can't tell the good from the bad.
She needed someone who would understand her.
She doesn't have any friends or relatives to take care of her.
She has no less than seven sons.
She has no money about her.
She has a comfortable income.
She had at least four faults.
She is lacking in common sense.
She has an eye for the beautiful.
She is free from care.
She is carefree.
She had enough wisdom to refuse the offer.
She has very few close friends.
She has a feminine insight into human behavior.
She has a few pen pals.
She has inherent dignity.
She has a remarkable capacity for learning languages.
She has two sons; one of them is a doctor, and the other is a dentist.
She has a son, who became a doctor.
She has many faults.
She has many faults, but I trust her none the less.
She had time to lose herself in her favorite amusement.
She has a son and two daughters.
She has many boyfriends, but this one is special.
She had plenty of acquaintances, but no friends.
She has a decayed tooth.
She has a bad habit of talking a long time on the phone.
She doesn't have any enemies.
She has no one to whom to leave the message.
I feel morally indebted to her.
Her loyalty to the firm compensates for her lack of talent.
She has a daughter who is tall.
She had a good argument in favor of choosing him as chairman.
She will have the courage to disclose their secret.
She is dogged by misfortune.
She has a subtle charm.
She has little knowledge of physics.
She has some literary talent.
She has a distinct English accent.
She appears to have a lot of friends.
She has a few friends.
She had something of the assurance of a famous actress.
She has a gift for prophecy.
She had no one to turn to.
She has no one to turn to.
She had good reason to file for a divorce.
She has no one to speak to.
I am ashamed of having been rude to her.
I plucked a daisy for her.
Don't hesitate to take the opportunity to propose to her.
Will you introduce me to her?
He is foolish to meet her again.
I am dying to see her again.
She has seen better days.
Give my love to her.
Please say hello to her.
I was writing her a love letter.
Show her how to roller skate.
I am attached to her.
I remember seeing her before.
Why don't you drop her a line?
Something is grating on her nerves.
I wonder what has happened to her.
I wonder what happened to her.
Ask her when she will come back.
It was very thoughtful of you to send her some flowers.
Let's acquaint her with our decision immediately.
I must remember to see her.
I never meet her without thinking of her dead mother.
Shota said that he was shy about seeing her.
You'll find it difficult to meet her.
It is difficult to see her.
The decision whether I should see her is mine alone.
I wish I had seen her.
Whenever I see her, I remember her mother.
I regret missing the chance to meet her.
I am excited at the prospect of seeing her.
I had never seen her.
I couldn't remember ever having met her.
I'll never forget seeing her.
In case you see her, please say hello to her for me.
Hardly a day went by when he did not meet her.
She opened the window, though I told her not to.
I'm going to propose to her.
Whenever I try to get near her, she pushes me away.
You might as well throw your money into the sea as lend it to her.
She had no brother.
I asked her to marry me and she accepted.
I can't take my eyes off her.
Don't tell her about it.
Her words made me mad.
She, of all people, wouldn't do such a thing.
I'm constantly telling her to behave herself.
Why not ring her up now?
I motioned her to a seat.
I motioned for her to sit down.
I was happy to see her again.
I saw her again.
Little did I dream that I would never see her again.
I got her to wash dishes.
I held the umbrella over her.
I feel inclined to agree with her.
I didn't know that she had a child.
She gave birth to a baby boy.
There is no disguising the fact from her.
I didn't get a chance to introduce myself to her.
You should apologize to her for being rude.
You should apologize to her for having been rude to her.
You should apologize to her.
You stay away from her.
Please remember to write to her.
What do you say to asking her to come and help us?
You should have asked her for help.
I wanted her to win.
I challenged her for evidence.
Don't be so down in the dumps. You just got dumped, that's all.
I bought her a new car.
I am reluctant to tell her the truth.
Her kindness gave me a lump in my throat.
Give her a doll.
I got her a doll.
Dare you ask her?
Tell her to come at noon.
She is going to have a baby.
There is no use talking to her.
Andreas feels hatred towards Angela.
Don't mention that she's put on weight.
He began to get suspicious about her.
I take a strong attitude toward her.
He hardened his heart against her.
I attended the meeting on her behalf.
Who will attend the meeting on her behalf?
It is no use giving her advice.
Why don't you tell her directly?
I quickened my steps to catch up with her.
Dare you call her?
I called her, but the line was busy.
Just when I was about to phone her, a letter arrived from her.
I'm sure I saw her two years ago.
I convinced her of his sincerity.
He said "Yeah" when she asked if he was tired.
We shall never see her match.
She has no one to wait on her.
Speak quietly lest she should hear us.
Let her replace it.
I wish she wouldn't pussyfoot about it and just say what she means.
I laid a blanket over her.
Try to stay on her good side and you'll be on easy street.
Be nice to her.
Be kind to her, Bill.
She was found guilty.
A good idea came across her mind at the last moment.
I fell in love with her.
I was at my wit's end after having failed to contact her.
When I tried to speak to her, I always found myself too shy to do more than stammer or say something stupid.
She ignores the fact that she is at fault.
Let's not talk to her.
Her only purpose in life was to get rich.
One of her three cars is blue and the others are red.
One of her three cars is blue and the others are white.
Her third movie greatly added to her reputation.
One of her four sisters has passed away but the others are still with us.
Her CDs are not bought by young people.
Her idea is very similar to mine.
Her warm personality adds charm to her beauty.
Her excuse resulted in nothing.
Be sure to take a note of what she says.
She's got the point.
She's got a point.
She is wrong.
She is missing the point.
There was no malice intended in what she said.
She always writes down every word her teacher says.
Don't say such a thing behind her back.
Don't say such a thing in her absence.
You can tell by her intonation that she lived in a Spanish speaking country when she was young.
Her waist measures inches.
Hers is a respectable family with a long history behind it.
We can only know her approximate age.
It was down to her that he lived so miserably.
Was her uncle staying in London?
Her uncle is a famous doctor.
Her love of money is without bounds.
Why don't we go and see her in the hospital?
Her father made her tell him everything.
It is said that her father was killed in a traffic accident.
Her father passed away last week.
Her mother is a most beautiful woman.
Her mother lives in the country all by herself.
Her mother passed away last year.
Her mother has been sick since last Thursday.
Her mother has gone shopping.
Her mother made her a new dress.
Her gown was a cheap affair.
Her bag is the same design as her mother's.
I'm going to have two pieces in her gallery.
Her cool gaze made my heart skip a beat.
There are about forty students in her class.
Everyone in her class likes her.
It appears that her injury was pretty bad.
Her stern look told the boys that they were in trouble.
Her coat is fur on the inside.
Her coat was too casual for the occasion.
I can't get her out of my mind.
You need not have worried about her so seriously.
What strikes me most about her is her innocence.
It might be better to address her as Doctor.
I don't know her at all.
I know of her, but I have never met her.
We couldn't help feeling sorry for her.
Don't let yourself be troubled by the thought of her.
You need not worry about her.
Her very frowns are fairer far than smiles of other maidens are.
She was at a loss for what to do.
Don't interfere with her.
Her skirt fits closely.
Her skirt is yellow with polka dots.
Her skirt is totally out of fashion.
Her skirt is so long as to reach the floor.
Her skirt was a cheerful shade of bright green.
Her skating performance was a regular feat.
She is a woman of great beauty.
All her efforts culminated in failure.
Her actions are inconsistent with her words.
Her clothes were out of place at a formal party.
Her explanation of the problem added up to nonsense.
Her only interest is the accumulation of money.
Please book a room for her.
Her skill in dancing is well known.
Her technique is superb, but she needs to play with more expression.
She gave an illustration of how to pitch a tent.
What do you like about her?
The border of her dress was torn.
Her dress was made of coarse wool.
Her dresses show most of the hues of the rainbow.
Her dress attracted everyone's eyes at the party.
Her dress was a cheap affair.
Her dress looked cheap.
Her dress is not to my taste.
Her dress has white spots on a blue background.
She aims at becoming a teacher.
She can't build sentences yet.
I got a bang out of her party.
Her foolish idea is beneath notice.
There are a variety of articles in her purse.
There are many articles in her purse.
Her crying is just an act. Don't take it seriously.
She gave an amateur performance on the piano.
Her boots wear out much more quickly than mine.
Don't intrude on her privacy.
Take care not to intrude upon her privacy.
Her knowledge of French is greater than mine.
I cannot put up with her behavior.
She is not playing straight.
Her cheeks were red.
Her cheeks were tinged with pink.
Her cheeks were as cold as ice.
Apart from her, everybody answered the question.
Her pockets were bulging with walnuts.
Her cheeks burned with shame.
Her sons as well as she were happy.
Who can tell what will happen to her?
She receives scores of fan letters every day.
Her kindness appeased his anger.
I want to marry a girl like her.
Such beauty as hers is rare.
It took a long time to break down her reserve and get her to relax.
Her word processor is far better than that.
I am often irritated by her selfishness.
Seeing her lovely face relaxes me.
Her affectionate letter moved me.
Her affection came home to my heart.
Don't toy with her affections.
In her opinion, he is the best musician she has ever seen.
You had better take her advice.
Her ideas sound crazy.
She is right in her opinions.
I find her opinions odd but interesting.
Her consciousness grew fainter as death approached.
Her unkind words boomeranged.
What do you infer from her strange behavior?
Her unusual behavior gave rise to our suspicions.
We are all bewildered by her inconstancy.
Her desire to be a doctor spurred her on.
Her family moved to Brazil.
Her youngest child is five years old.
Her anecdotes amuse us all.
She drives not carefully but slowly.
Her English is excellent.
Her English composition has few mistakes.
If it had not been for her help, you would never have done it.
I couldn't do it but for her help.
If it weren't for her help, I would not be alive now.
If it were not for her help, I would not succeed.
It is no use asking for her help.
I can dispense with her help.
I was fascinated by her performance.
Her acting is on the level of a professional.
The fury went out of her speeches.
Her speech moved the audience.
I couldn't put up with her arrogant behavior.
In her home, kitchen garbage was fed to the pigs.
You can get to her house in a variety of different ways.
You'd better be careful about going to her house.
I went to her house, but she was not at home.
She gave me a large room while I stayed at her house.
Her house is very modern.
Is her house anywhere near the station?
Her house is two or three times as large as ours.
Her house is situated in the neighborhood of the park.
Her home is in the suburbs.
Her house is at the foot of a mountain.
Her house is in the neighborhood of mine.
Her house is across the river.
Her house is a little way off the road.
Her house is enclosed with a white fence.
Her house stands back from the road.
I don't know anything about her family.
Her family, as a matter of fact, knew nothing about her friends.
Her family is very large.
Her folks cannot help worrying about her wound.
It seemed that her family had moved to Hokkaido.
It is doubtful whether her song will become popular.
Let's dance to her song.
Her singing was very impressive as usual.
Her song is well known to the young people.
She was excused attendance at the meeting.
Her exotic perfume has a subtle scent.
Her delight consists of teaching children.
Her forehead burned with fever.
Sweat bathed her brow.
Her brow was beaded with perspiration.
Her feelings are easily wounded.
We had a welcome party for her.
You should reckon with her obstinate character.
Her face expressed her bitter disappointment.
The first thing to come to mind was her face.
Her face came back vividly to my memory.
Her face became pink.
Her looks were suggestive of anxiety.
Her look expressed her joy.
She answered to the description of the missing woman.
Her face was the color of chalk.
A smile spread across her face.
I read a womanly expression on her face.
Her face is in focus.
A smile broke out on her face.
Her eyes are her best feature.
She was beaming with delight.
Her face went very pink.
Her face was sooty.
Her face is covered with pimples.
Her face was drenched with sweat.
Her face beamed with joy.
Her face was bright with happiness.
Her face glowed with health.
She was aflame with pride.
I'm not fond of her face.
Her face was radiant with happiness.
Her face was clouded with anxiety.
Her face turned red.
Her face turned white at the news.
I know her by sight, but I've never spoken to her.
Her face was ablaze with anger.
Her face turned red suddenly.
Her face was eloquent of her sorrow.
We associate her face with a cherry.
We associate her face with a rose.
Her face betrayed her real feelings.
Her wish was realized at last.
Her wish is to study abroad someday.
Her hope didn't come true.
Asked to do her a favor, he completely ignored it.
Such was her delight that she fainted.
Such was her joy that she shed tears.
So great was her joy that she shed tears.
All her hopes have vanished.
She hopes to become a designer.
Her wish is to become a good teacher.
She dazzles everybody with her wit.
Don't ignore her feelings.
There was no changing her mind.
Her mood graduated to irritation.
Nothing has resulted from her prayer.
Her argument was not built on facts.
Her application for leave was refused.
I was numbed by her sudden death.
Her suitors were all after her money.
Her classmates folded three hundred and fifty-six cranes so that one thousand were buried with her.
Her scream brought the police.
Her fears gradually quietened down.
She was on the verge of fainting out of sheer terror.
Her ideas on education are very different from mine.
Her skill as a teacher is based on her understanding of young people.
Her heart flowed with gratitude.
The fire of ambition burned within her.
Her heart was full of joy.
Her heart jumped for joy.
Her heart was hammering.
Her diligence is a good example to us all.
Her diligence is indeed worthy of praise.
The students around her were talking about the test.
Her neighbors were such as you meet everywhere in this country.
All her money went to her nephew.
She irritates me to no end with her complaints.
I'm fed up with her grumbling.
Don't be taken in by her crocodile tears.
They had decided to put the wedding off until her brother came home from abroad.
I suppose her brother would be about forty when he died.
Her brother is a good driver.
You should have paid attention to her warning.
Despite her warning, he made little of the matter.
She was over thirty when her artistic talent emerged.
With all her faults, I like her.
I love her none the less for her faults.
Her weakness is that she talks too much.
I tried to change her mind, but I couldn't.
When will her wedding be held?
Her health isn't equal to that heavy task.
Her health is becoming steadily better.
It is a pity that she should be in such poor health.
Her dog is not so much faithful as tame.
Her studies are improving slowly but steadily.
I get a kick out of her cheerful personality.
What she wants to say just adds up to a refusal.
Her manner of speaking gets on my nerves.
Her excuse added up to nothing.
It follows from what she says that he is guilty.
What she says is right in a sense.
She is not quite sincere in what in what she says.
She is wrong in nine cases out of ten.
I can't understand what she says.
Whatever she says goes.
I cannot trust what she says.
How do you feel about what she said?
You must attend to what she says.
Don't listen to her.
Whatever she says is true.
I doubt her words.
What she says sounds strange.
It was some time before I cottoned on to what she meant.
What she said did not make sense.
Her words turned out to be true.
It follows from what she said that he is not guilty.
What she means is reasonable in a certain sense.
Her words correspond with her actions.
Judging from what she says, he is satisfied to a great extent.
Her words gave me hope.
Her words left him uneasy.
Her grammar is bad.
Her advice influenced me to go abroad.
Her words renewed my courage.
I wonder what she means by those words.
Her words were like those of an angel.
Her words were wholly void of meaning.
Her statement was false.
Her words were as follows.
Her words were filled with melancholy.
I was embarrassed by what she said.
Read it after her.
Her thick makeup is disgusting.
A smile played on her lips.
She talks too aloofly.
Take a seat over against her.
Although she kept protesting, he went.
There's a slight difference between her thinking and mine.
Her notions were what is called advanced.
Do her ideas chime with yours?
Her ideas are quite original.
She is consistent in her opinions.
Her idea counts for little.
Her behavior is beneath contempt.
Her conduct gave rise to suspicions in his mind.
Her behavior is above praise.
Her behavior is worthy of reverence.
Her act reflected dishonor upon her.
I simply cannot put up with her manners.
I've never minded her behaving badly.
Her manners are not those of a lady.
Her action is still making waves in Japanese society.
Her behavior will become more aggressive.
Her behavior struck me as silly.
Her behavior is consistent with her words.
Her behavior is my primary concern.
Her behavior is abnormal for a young girl.
Her behavior was a departure from the normal.
Her actions are to the point.
Her behavior really got on my nerves.
Her behavior gave rise to rumors.
Her lecture is above my head.
Her broken leg has not healed yet.
Her new novel has been highly praised.
He saw a small Band-Aid on her left knee.
Her latest book deals with pollution.
There is no question as to her talent.
Her talent is amazing.
Her talent blossomed early.
Her means are small.
Her work is superior to mine.
Her composition was free from mistakes.
There is a mistake in her composition.
Her composition had no grammatical errors at all.
Her composition is very good except for a few errors in spelling.
Her composition was entirely free from grammatical errors.
Her work is to wash the dishes.
Her job is to type.
Her job brings in a high income.
Her job was to see the children safely across the street.
Her job was to type all the letters.
He is mad about you.
Her job is to take care of babies.
Her business called for her to travel around the world.
A boy stood by to run errands for her.
Her sister looks young.
Her older sister got married last month.
Her child was in delicate health.
I couldn't help smiling at her childlike frankness.
Her child had been seriously ill for a week before Dr. Kim arrived.
Her way of thinking was rational.
Her death was a great distress to all the family.
The news of her death came as a bolt from the blue.
We received word of her death.
Her death is a blow to my feelings.
Her death brought deep sorrow to the nation.
Her death was a great shock to me.
That she is dead is certain.
Her death was a great blow to him.
Her time is drawing near.
He took over the business after her death.
I was disillusioned at her private life.
The way she spoke to us was suspicious.
Her eyes rested on the young man reading newspaper.
Her eyes fell on the baby.
I felt her eyes on my back.
What do you think of her poem?
A collection of her verses has just been published.
I can't forget her.
He claims he knows nothing about her.
Her business was incorporated.
Her business was started with capital of $2000.
It is impossible to read her handwriting.
Her watch is ten minutes slow.
Her watch read three o'clock in the morning.
He stole her watch.
Her car broke down on the way.
I'm weary of her bragging.
I am quite tired of hearing her boasting. She should talk about other things.
Her failure is not to be ascribed to want of diligence.
Her disappointment was apparent to everyone.
Her disappearance gave zest to the mystery.
I took a picture of her.
Her apology was nothing but show.
Her car collided with a bus from behind.
Her car has a nice polish.
She got a flat tire on her way home.
Now remember, you must not smoke in her car.
Her car is two years old.
Her car struck against the gatepost through her carelessness.
Do not disturb her.
Don't disturb her. She is at work right now.
You're taking advantage of her weakness.
Her doctor wants to refer her to a specialist.
I felt the brush of her hand against me.
Her hands are never still.
Her hands rested on her lap.
Her hands are raw from the cold.
Her hands are small, but not so small that she can't play the piano.
Her hands were as cold as ice.
Her hands felt as cold as marble.
He let go of her hands and his voice grew serious.
Her handicraft is more than a hobby. It's more like a profession.
Her letter cast a new light on the matter.
Judging from her letter, she seems to be well.
What shall I do with her letter?
Without her help, I could not finish my task.
Her method is far in advance of ours.
One of her hobbies is collecting T-shirts.
Her hobby was collecting old coins.
Her hobby is collecting stamps.
She has low tastes.
Her income barely maintained her in the lower middle class.
Will you give me her address?
If I had known her address, I would have written to her.
I know her address.
Don't let him know her address.
She's going to have a baby in July.
Her air of innocence is apparent, not real.
But for her help, he would have failed.
With her help, my French improved little by little.
Without her advice, he would have failed.
If it had not been for her advice, he would have failed.
Her advice amounts to an order.
Her wound seems to be mortal.
The news of her victory will break in the evening paper.
I figure that she will succeed in her business.
Half her goods were sold cheap.
I haven't read both of her novels.
I haven't read either of her novels.
Her girlish complexion belied the fact that she was over forty.
It's very impolite of you to decline her invitation.
Her laughter was not becoming that evening.
Her laughter echoed through the house.
I like the way she smiles.
Her smile expressed her thanks.
The brightness of her smile always makes me feel better.
I would like you to introduce me to her.
The portrait of her was true to life.
There were points in her testimony that didn't add up.
Her boss is hard to deal with.
I cannot help laughing at her jokes.
Her jokes made us all laugh.
Her joke fell flat.
Her jokes fell flat.
I cannot help laughing at her joke.
What is her profession?
Her occupation is teaching.
He was fascinated with her beauty.
She was dressed in a faded cotton skirt.
Her bedroom is just above.
I could not even make a guess at the working of her mind.
Her mind was barricaded against the new idea.
Her mind is at peace.
Her heart bounded with joy.
Her mind is filled with dreams of becoming an actress.
Her heart was dominated by ambition.
Her heart beat fast from fear.
Her fear proved completely wrong.
Her behavior was appropriate to the occasion.
She has a rude manner.
Surprised at her behavior, he could not say a word.
Did you notice her new dress?
Her new novel is really interesting as opposed to her last one.
Her new hairstyle covers her ears.
Her new husband turned out to be a snake in the grass.
Her new hat caught my notice.
Her new hat becomes her.
Her new novel will come out next month.
Remember to admire her new dress.
Her grief expressed itself in tears.
I see no reason why I shouldn't accept her offer.
It was silly of him to refuse her offer.
Her statements add up to an admission of guilt.
It was not clear what she really meant.
Her belief in God is unshaken.
Her belief in God is very firm.
She does not want to be dependent on her parents.
Her kindness has become a burden to me.
Her kindness touched me.
Her kind action strongly impressed me.
He thanked her for her kind help.
I was greatly moved by her kindness.
I appreciated her kindness, while I feel it burdensome.
Her kindness was misunderstood.
Imagine yourself in her place.
What will happen to her?
She has no one to wait upon her.
Her gestures convey no meaning to me.
Her doll was run over by a car.
Her aim in life is to become a movie star.
Her life is free from care.
She guessed right.
Her bathing suit attracts our attention.
Don't disturb her while she is sleeping.
She has a cheerful disposition.
Her character is similar to yours.
She derives her character from her mother.
She is her mother's match in character.
Her success encouraged me to try the same thing.
He was happy at the news of her success.
It is within the bounds of possibility that she will succeed.
I'm quite sure of her success.
Her success was due to sheer hard work.
Her success is the result of her efforts.
Her success made her the target of jealousy.
We were fascinated by her voice.
There was something about her voice that made us feel uneasy.
Her voice was heard above the noise.
She has an agreeable voice.
Her voice was sour.
Her voice sounds very beautiful.
Her voice carries very well.
Her voice still rings in my ears.
Her voice carries well.
Her voice set my nerves on edge.
There was a trace of anger in her voice.
There was a tremble in her voice.
Her voice did not carry well over the noise.
Her voice could hardly be heard above the noise.
Her voice doesn't carry.
Her voice trembled with rage.
Her voice was quivering with anger.
Her voice is pleasant to listen to.
Her voice was soft and beautiful.
You have my word on her sincerity.
Her blue shoes go well with that dress.
She is not to blame.
Her explanation is by no means satisfactory.
Her explanation was to the point.
Her constant complaining speech irritated me.
Her futuristic vision helped shape the company's mission statement.
Her teacher advised her to read more and more novels.
I do not consider her choice of music a happy one.
I told you not to talk about the matter in her presence.
You cannot be too polite in front of her.
I always get nervous in her presence.
A great future lies before her.
Her grandmother lived to be eighty-eight years old.
Little as we know about her origins, we can at least be sure that she is a pilot of Evangelion.
Her library comprises and includes many first editions.
Her son is sure to succeed.
Her sons as well as her daughter are in college.
News of her son's death in battle drove her mad.
Her son is a mama's boy. He has to be with her all the time.
Her son died of cancer when still a boy.
Her son is a jet pilot.
What has become of her son?
Her son called from New York.
Her son was killed in a traffic accident.
Her son was killed in the accident.
Her son is stationed in West Germany.
Her son is a genius.
Both of her sons died during the war.
She listened very carefully when I praised her son.
Her ability to write with her foot is amazing.
I apologized to her for stepping on her foot.
Her footsteps were as light as a fairy's.
Her many little dogs run about in the garden every day.
The old chair groaned under her weight.
Her weight increased to kilograms.
Her attitude disgusts me.
Her manner was cold.
She gave me a meaningful look.
She is extremely natural in her manner.
Her attitude hurt my self-respect.
I find her manner a little hard to take.
Her manner marks her pride.
I can't take the place of her as an English teacher.
Her kitchen is equipped with labor-saving devices.
Her bold plan seemed to be too difficult, but before long it proved to be practicable.
Her ambition is to be a ballet dancer.
Her ambition is to become an ambassador.
Her birthday party will be given next evening.
I will do the shopping for her birthday.
His answer to her being late was to fire her.
Her tastes in clothes are quite different than mine.
Her mediation put an end to our quarrel.
It is sensible of you to follow her advice.
Her advice to me was to work harder.
Take heed of her advice.
Her attention is focused on children.
Her statement turned out to be false.
Her brother Kensaku is now in Brazil.
It is bold of you to dispute to her proposal.
I'm all for her proposal.
Her suggestion seems to have been turned down.
You can find her phone number in the directory.
Not knowing her telephone number, I couldn't call her.
Her efforts bore fruit.
I take my hat off to her for her effort.
Her efforts were to good purpose.
Tell me the reason why she got angry.
Her anger gave way to sorrow.
Her anger has gone out of my control.
Her anger was aroused by his silly actions.
Her anger was genuine.
Her election is in the bag.
I noted that her answer was incorrect.
Her answer was straight out of the textbook - nothing interesting.
Her answer was incorrect.
They became anxious at her delay.
The news of her arrival excited the crowd.
Her head was full of airy thoughts.
Mathematics occupied her mind.
Her movements were awkward and her gesture clumsy.
All her motions were graceful.
Her sudden departure surprised us all.
I was surprised at her sudden visit.
Her cat had another four kittens.
Her fever was still higher an hour later.
Her fever came down to normal.
I cannot match her in enthusiasm.
He went abroad in opposition to her ardent wishes.
Her elder daughter is married.
She should know better at her age.
Can you guess her age?
You should make allowances for her age.
I guessed at her age.
Her eyes, a deep blue, were quite impressive.
We cannot overestimate her ability.
Her abilities are not appreciated in school.
We did not think her loud dress was appropriate for the time and place.
Her aunt takes care of his dog during the day.
Her skin burns easily.
Her skin is smooth.
Her skin is as white as snow.
Her skin is coarse from years of working outdoors.
Her hair came out from under her hat.
The woman's hair is quite short.
Her hair is long.
Her hair is long and beautiful.
Her hair is very short.
Her hair is wet with sweat.
Her hair feels like silk.
Her hair fell over her shoulder.
Her hair came down to her shoulders.
Her hair grew back.
Her hair was so long as to reach the floor.
Her hair was similar in color to mine.
She has short hair.
Her hair is naturally curly.
Her hair is turning gray.
Her hair is streaked with gray.
Her hair hung in neat coils.
I'm going to go through with it in spite of her opposition.
Her feeling for him was reciprocated.
Her grief was too acute for tears.
There is a look of appeal on her sad face.
We didn't notice her sorrow.
He was the agent of her grief.
Her sorrow was only apparent.
Her sorrow found expression in silent tears.
Her genius makes up for her lack of experience.
Her smile expressed joy.
Her smile convinced him that she was happy.
Her smile convinced me of her trust in me.
Her smile spoke love.
To see her smile, you would be charmed.
Her lovely voice was a real feast to the ears.
Her beautiful dress drew my attention.
Her beauty drew his attention.
Her beauty has captured him.
To appreciate her beauty, you have only to look at her.
There is no doubt as to her beauty.
There is nothing to compare with her beauty.
Her beauty drew him on to marry her.
It's impossible not to be fascinated by her beauty.
Her beauty stood out in our class.
Her beauty is incomparable.
She was not less beautiful than her elder sister.
Her beauty cast a spell over him.
Her beauty is the admiration of the whole school.
Her beauty was blemished by the scar.
If her nose were a little shorter, she would be quite pretty.
She has a sharp nose.
She has a long nose.
Her expression underwent a sudden change.
I inferred from her expression that she was angry.
I was confused with her expression.
Her expression is full of anger.
Because of illness, she couldn't come.
Hers was a nervous disease, and a change of air was an urgent need.
She was very ill, and a doctor was sent for.
Her illness is not such as to cause anxiety.
Her unhappiness turned to bliss when she heard his voice.
Her carelessness gave rise to the accident.
Her carelessness resulted in an accident.
It was fortunate for her that her husband arrived at that moment.
The news that her husband had been killed in an accident was a great shock to her.
Her husband emerged from his study.
Her husband, having failed to obtain promotion, retired at the age of 55.
Her husband is a member of the Oda family.
Her husband is usually drunk.
Her husband is a nice-looking man who is a little on the lean side.
Her husband is heavily dependent on drugs.
Her husband wants to have his own way in everything.
Her husband is in prison.
Her husband is now living in Tokyo.
Her husband intends to bring out a new monthly magazine.
Her husband is an excellent cook.
I will introduce her husband to you.
Her father is an excellent pianist.
Her father devoted his life to science.
Her father works at the bank.
Her father is a bank clerk.
Her father is a policeman.
Her father has a general store.
Her father could swim well when he was young.
Her father became an invalid as a result of a heart attack.
Is her father a teacher?
Her father was able to swim across the river.
Her father never let her go to town with her friends.
Her father is Japanese.
Her father intends her to be a pianist.
Her father is famous as a man of letters.
Her father can afford to give her a big allowance every month.
Her debts amount to more than she can pay.
On entering her room, I realised that she was a Yuming fan.
Her dress and shoes were a good match.
The color of her dress and that of her shoes go well together.
Her dress was made of very cheap material.
Her clothes attracted much attention at the party.
Her dress is above the knee.
Her dress was torn.
Her story can't be true.
She has a graceful carriage.
No one was aware of her literary talent.
She is always busy on weekdays.
Her villa sits on the hill.
One of her shoes dropped off.
All you have to do is to wait for her reply.
Her answer corresponds to my expectation.
Nothing will hinder her study.
I can't make head nor tail of her lecture on health and physical education.
She is no less beautiful than her mother.
Her mother is a good pianist.
She admired her daughter, who looked lovely that evening.
Her mother is arriving by the 9:train.
Her mother was a Kennedy.
Her mother will continue to work.
Her mother is not as old as she looks.
Her mother is writing a letter.
Her mother was more wise than intelligent.
Her mother was busy cooking the dinner.
Her mother is going to undergo a major operation next week.
Her mother does aerobics once a week.
Her mother sewed a skirt for her.
The mother in her was aroused.
She has aspirations to become an interior decorator.
Her late husband was a violinist.
Her late husband was a pianist.
His hat looked very funny.
Her hat matches with her shoes.
Her hope is to become a doctor.
Her wishes, it seems, have come true.
Her wish is to be an actress.
Tears were flowing down her cheeks.
Her cheeks were faintly flushed.
Her books sell pretty well.
I'm trying to get in touch with her sister.
Her sister I like very much, but her brother I do not like.
I like her sister very much.
Her charm is beyond description.
Her charm does not consist only in her beauty.
Her charm is compounded by her gaiety and kindness.
Her duty was to look after the children.
Her dream has come true at last.
Her dream has come true.
It was John who helped make her dream come true.
Her dream will one day come true.
Her dream is visiting Paris.
Her dream is to become a nurse.
Her dream is to travel around the world.
I am convinced of her innocence.
Informed of her safety, he breathed a sigh of relief.
There is no doubt as to her innocence.
Her daughter ran away with a young author.
Her name is Lucifera.
Her name is known all over the world.
Her name was referred to in the meeting.
I know her by name.
Her name was spelled wrong.
Her name is known to everyone.
Her name was wrongly spelled.
I know her by name, but not by sight.
Her name was Agnes then.
I would like to know her name.
Her name is associated with a lily.
Her life is in danger.
There was a sudden flow of tears from her eyes.
Tears were dropping from her eyes.
Tears fell from her eyes.
An endless flow of tears fell from her eyes.
Her eyes began to brim over with tears.
Her eyes darkened.
There was fear in her eyes.
Her eyes expressed her sympathy.
Her eyes brimmed with tears.
I saw tears in her eyes.
Her eyes gushed with tears.
Tears gathered in her eyes.
The tears began to gather in her eyes.
Tears came to her eyes.
She has started to get a few wrinkles around her eyes.
The color of her eyes is blue.
The blue of her eyes stands out against her rather dark skin.
Her eyes flashed with joy.
Her eyes are laughing.
Her eyes were filled with tears.
Her eyes were moist with tears.
The sound woke her up.
Her eyes remind me of a cat.
Her ambition was consummated when she was elected to Congress.
Her only pleasure is listening to music.
Her only hobby is collecting stamps.
Her one wish was to see her son again.
She is a model of kindness for me.
Tales of her courageous deeds rang through the country.
She as well as her friends is fond of music.
Her mates waited for her by the gate.
Her friend is a singer.
Her friends call him Ned.
He refused to believe that she was guilty.
I can't shake off her seduction.
Her condition turned for the worse yesterday.
Her condition turned for the worse last night.
Her dress was very unbecoming.
I meet her demands.
Her dance was as fresh as a daisy.
I'm astonished by her cleverness.
Her cleverness often amazes me.
I was completely taken aback by her reasoning.
She could see the driver from where she stood.
Try to see the problem from her point of view.
Great was the sorrow of her parents.
Both her parents are dead.
Her cheeks flamed up.
Her arms were bound fast.
She's making progress in cooking.
Her neighbor will care for the children while she is away.
Her tears accounted for what had happened.
I was a sucker for her tears.
Her crying was just an act.
Her tears were just for effect.
Her calm judgement ensured us from accidents.
Her manners were anything but pleasant.
The statistical data presented in her paper is of great use for us in estimating the frequency of the movement.
The data in her paper serves to further our purpose.
I get her point.
The way that she spoke hurt me.
Her way of speaking irritates us.
Her way of talking got on my nerves.
She said she was walking through the woods, looking for wild flowers.
He is not coming, according to her.
Her story brought back our happy childhood.
Do you think her story is false?
Her speech was full of wit.
Her story excited curiosity in the children.
Her story excited our pity.
Her story brings back memories of my parents.
Her story touched my heart.
I don't think her story is true.
Is her story true?
I wondered if her story was true.
I believe the truth of her remark.
She speaks the truth.
Her story can't be true. She often tells lies.
Her story was not interesting.
I was moved to tears by her speech.
I felt sorry for her when I heard her story.
Her story took me back to my childhood.
Her story reminded me of the good old days.
Her talkativeness is a pain in the neck.
He clutched her arm firmly.
She did nothing but cry all day.
She's been working all day long.
Of the two girls, she is the younger.
She says she has no intention of having a baby until she's in her thirties.
She told me she would be here about six.
She is not such a girl as you imagine her to be.
She likes that bass.
Instead of giving Alex a nut each time he said something, she'd only give it when he specifically said "nut."
She is an office lady.
She likes oranges, doesn't she?
She is not herself today.
She needed fuckin' words of love.
She is very frugal, not to say stingy.
She bore herself gracefully.
She addressed the letter to John.
She was bereft of all hope.
She's the girl whose performance won an Oscar.
She thought the plan was fine but impractical.
She was never free from pain after that.
She lost her only son in the traffic accident.
She looks happy on hearing the news.
She was surprised to find many beautiful things in the box.
She ordered the book from London.
She complained to him that it was too short a notice.
She knew the teen.
She cried what a lovely garden it was.
After winning the Nobel prize, she remained as modest as ever.
She is ashamed to speak up.
She substituted margarine for butter.
She bandaged his finger with a handkerchief.
She seated herself quietly before the piano.
She plays the piano very well.
She failed to understand a single word.
She likes wine.
She is, indeed, a lovely girl.
She looks as if she had been ill for a long time.
She's not as old as Mary.
She's smarter than Mary, but she's not as pretty as Mary.
She replied that she would be happy to come.
She greeted me with a lovely smile.
She is a doctor.
She's far better off than she was the year before last.
She went to Ibaraki.
She speaks French, not to speak of English.
She is a good English speaker.
She is capable of teaching English.
She is quite equal to the teacher in her ability to speak English.
She is behind in her rent.
She tends to be late for school.
Her novel ideas are time and again getting her into trouble with her more conservative colleagues.
She fainted but soon came to.
She waved her hand until the train was out of sight.
She is looked up to by all her classmates.
She had long hair last year.
She laughed to cover her fear.
She is on the teaching staff.
She's as good a wife as any you could hope for.
She pushed her way through the crowd.
She kissed me like anything.
She's no singer.
She is not eligible for marriage.
She took a walk in the park.
She ought to have arrived by now.
She has been busy preparing for the coming trip to the U.S.
She is determined to succeed this time.
She insisted on my going there.
She insisted on my paying the bill.
She explained to me that we throw away too much garbage.
She takes care of my children.
She told me she knew my brother.
She asked him not to leave her alone.
The moment she saw me, she burst out crying.
She invited me to her birthday party.
She tried.
She will give you what money she has.
She can't so much as write her own name.
She declared that she was right.
She could not accept the fact that she and her students had so much while other people had so little.
She came downstairs with a letter in her hand.
She is trying to save as much money as she can.
She laughed the way schoolgirls do, with her hand over her mouth.
She realized her ambition to be an actress.
She showed the passengers how to fasten their seat belts.
She is unbelievably naïve.
She said her prayers, her heart full of love and tenderness.
She is not only kind but honest.
She is not only kind, but also honest.
She is human.
She could not persuade him not to waste half an hour to save a few pennies.
She studies mathematics.
She picked up a stone.
She is going to Chiba Stadium.
She devoted all her energy to studying Spanish.
She makes nothing of getting up early.
She is accustomed to rising early.
She expressed her thanks for the present.
She's going to Ooita.
She caught it for coming late.
She spent no less than 1,dollars on her clothes.
She makes a point of taking a shower before breakfast.
She spoke through an interpreter.
She suffers from low blood pressure.
She quit her job because of the low pay and long hours.
She is the messenger.
She used to play tennis on Saturday afternoon.
She looks very charming, dressed in white.
She insisted that he should stay where he was.
She wanted him to take care of her parents.
She went so far as to say that he was a swindler.
She is inferior to him in math.
She said that what they were doing was contrary to the company's sexual harassment policy.
Expecting time to find her child, she sat up till late at night.
She made his hair curl.
She flatly refused to let him in.
She told me that her mother had bought it for her.
She speaks relatively fast.
She walked very carefully.
She is a most beautiful lady.
Besides being beautiful, she is kind and intellectual.
She is more pretty than beautiful.
She devoted herself to her sick mother.
She went on hoping nonetheless because there was no news from her husband.
She can't bring herself to throw away photo albums filled with memories of him.
She is a bit like her mother.
She called up her mother on the phone.
She plays tennis after school.
To me, she's irreplaceable.
I can't figure out what she really wants.
She likes Lake Mashuu.
She is good at making up interesting stories.
She sat on the floor, her eyes closed.
She achieved her purpose.
She will give her picture to whoever wants it.
She likes her eggs hard-boiled.
She is going to Mount Tate.
She left the room without saying goodbye.
She cried that she was coming.
She said, "I arrived here yesterday."
She read the digest of War and Peace.
She has no less than one thousand yen.
She holds the world record for the hundred meters.
She has no more than dollars.
She saved a hundred dollars.
In a hundred meter dash she started last but soon caught up with the others.
She set a new Japanese record in the meter dash.
She is likely to live to one hundred.
She bought a handkerchief for ten dollars.
She was across in ten minutes.
She was strong enough to run a 10-mile race.
She has been studying English since the age of ten.
She had lived in Hiroshima until she was ten.
She was allowed to go to the disco on condition that she was back by ten.
She has ten children.
She has no less than ten children.
She got married in her teens.
She spent ten days without a toilet or shower.
She has been looking after her sick sister for ten years.
She was fatter ten years ago than she is now.
She is not what she was ten years ago.
She was able to solve the problem in ten minutes.
She will be back in less than ten minutes.
She started ten minutes ago.
She died on a cold night in December.
She reckoned that she had earned 1,dollars.
She found herself a mother at fifteen.
She read the book once when she was sixteen.
She went on the stage when she was 16.
She said she had met with a traffic accident when she was sixteen.
She is aged seventeen.
She got married at the age of seventeen.
She has been on her own since the age of eighteen.
She came up to Tokyo at eighteen.
She was born in 1946, on August 19, in California.
She was born in the 1950s.
She died in 1960.
She was born at six a.m. on July 17, 1990.
She concentrated on one thing.
She bought a yard of cloth.
She got full marks by memorizing the whole lesson.
She should get to the school in an hour.
She will return within an hour.
She came back an hour later.
She should be there now because she left an hour ago.
She left the hospital an hour ago.
She finished her work an hour in advance.
She takes piano lessons once a week.
She reads on average three or four books a week.
She will be able to swim in a week.
She will be back within a week.
She gave birth to twins a week ago.
She fell ill a week ago.
They say that she has been ill in bed for a week.
She brought up the three children alone.
She went to Mexico by herself.
She stayed at home by herself.
She was weeping alone.
She shouldn't go by herself.
She had her only son die.
She has buried her only son.
She had two beautiful girls at one birth.
She has been to England once.
She boasted of having won the first prize.
She visits us every other day.
She stayed in the house all day.
She covered twenty miles a day.
She got a cool million dollars a day.
She smokes cigarettes a day.
She earns dollars per day.
She felt restless all day long.
She waited on her husband all day long.
She thought for a few minutes.
She said she was twenty years old, which was not true.
She could pass for twenty.
She had been proposed to five times by the time she was twenty.
She became a teacher at the age of twenty.
She married him at the age of 20.
She is on the wrong side of twenty.
She cannot be over twenty.
She worked as an aerobics instructor in her twenties.
She entered her twenties.
She is said to have been an actress about twenty years ago.
She wished she had been born twenty years earlier.
She made up her face in minutes.
She'll do it in hours.
She got married at the age of 25.
She got married when she was twenty-five.
She bought two dozen eggs.
She called down from upstairs to ask what the noise was about.
She went upstairs to her bedroom.
She lives in a two-story house.
She was encumbered with two heavy suitcases.
She is two years old, but she can already count to 100.
She did not come until two.
She waited for a taxi for two hours but couldn't get one.
She took two weeks' leave and visited China.
She was never to see her children again.
She was disqualified from the race for two false starts.
She passed away two days ago.
She will become a doctor in two years.
She is a second year student.
She left school two years ago.
She visited Kanazawa two years ago.
She killed herself at the age of thirty.
It seems she is more than thirty years old.
She can't be over thirty.
I guess that she is over thirty.
She is in her thirties, but looks old for her age.
She taught music for thirty years.
She spoke for minutes without a break.
She came back in about thirty minutes.
She was across in thirty minutes.
I should think she is under thirty.
She has been waiting for him thirty minutes.
She is thirty-one.
She said that she had met him three months before.
She can speak three languages.
She can speak three foreign languages.
She picked out three beautiful apples.
She lost her father at the age of 3.
She promised me that she would come at three.
She has been watching television for three hours.
She tried a third time.
She goes to the supermarket every three days.
She said that she had been prepared for the examination for three days.
She depended on her uncle for her school expenses for three years.
She has kept a diary for years.
She got a master's degree three years ago.
She must be forty or so.
I guess that she is 40.
She was forty, but she appeared older.
She married again in her mid-forties.
She could read when she was four.
She watches television from four to six.
She'll be available around four o'clock.
She takes care of fifty odd children.
She had lived in five different countries.
She made five mistakes in as many lines.
She is feet 5, but appears taller.
She went down to the fifth floor.
She came back soon after five o'clock.
Will she come home at five?
She won't be back till five.
She got through her work before five.
She has brought up five children.
She was obliged to work to support five children.
She has been absent from school for five days.
She came home for the first time in five years.
She left home five years ago, and has never been heard of since.
I should think she is over sixty.
She made a tour of America, stopping in six cities.
She is going to marry Mr Johnson on June 4.
She is expecting a baby in June.
She makes it a rule to get up at six every morning.
She will come back from school by six o'clock.
I expect her back by six o'clock.
She did not return till six.
She laid the table for six.
She was born at six a.m. on July 17.
It looks like she made seven mistakes in as many lines.
She got home at seven.
She may have missed the 7:train.
She must be over eighty.
She attained the age of eighty one.
She is eight.
She started dancing when she was eight.
She began writing a report at eight, finishing it at twelve.
She came down to breakfast at eight.
She did not come down until 8:00.
She came back before eight.
She was in the eighth grade.
She has eight dogs. That's quite a few.
She lived to be ninety.
She had a happy marriage with a teacher in September.
She works from nine.
She promised her mother to come home before nine without fail.
She put her CDs in a row on the shelf.
She told me that she had bought a CD.
She works as an office lady.
She stared at a UFO in silence.
She studies as hard as ever.
She's wearing eye shadow.
She has liking for ice cream.
While skating at the ice rink she fell on her rear.
She gave a vague answer.
She is precise in keeping appointments.
She dared to ask for the results of the exams.
She blew her lines.
She won an Oscar nomination for best supporting actress.
She is a total stranger to me.
She stammers when she feels nervous.
She reconciled herself to living there.
She is frank in speech.
She was laughed at.
She put her assistants to work assembling evidence.
She's paid her dues working there for years.
She looked as if she had seen a ghost.
She left here with haste.
She did nothing but look around.
She went from place to place in search of him.
She went to this shop and that.
She answered easily.
She did not need to own up to her faults.
She need not have owned up to her faults.
She talked childishly.
She has the same bag as you have.
She is not such a girl as you imagine.
She was delighted with the flowers you sent her.
She's about the same height as you.
She'll be glad to see you, won't she?
She bore no malice against you.
What did she whisper to you?
She is anxious to meet you.
She regrets having been rude to you.
She'll lend you a book.
She asked me to continue writing to your father.
Is she your mother?
She waited for you for two hours.
She is mad at you.
She stayed up late to finish sewing your dress.
She will be able to answer your question.
Does she know your phone number?
Is she your sister?
She is less intelligent than you.
She is two years senior to you.
She is more human in thinking than you.
They might be taller than you.
She is more famous than you.
I doubt that she loves you.
She seems to hate you.
She is making use of you.
I wonder if she is staying at that hotel.
She kept body and soul together in such days.
She is connected with that company.
She'd better tame that violent temper.
She resembles that actress.
She has already lived in that town for five years.
She sympathized with those unfortunate people.
She looks beautiful in that dress.
She swears by that brand.
She shared the apartment with her friends.
She devoted herself to mission work in Africa.
She does not have much money.
She doesn't talk much, but once she does speak she is eloquent.
She has too many boyfriends.
She went in for too many events, and so won none.
She was too tired to work.
Such was her anger that she was lost for words.
She doesn't get outdoors much.
I don't think she cares very much.
She cried till her eyes dried.
She does not have many friends in Kyoto.
I don't particularly like her.
She didn't take many photos.
She can't play the piano very well.
She is not very well off.
She was so preoccupied that she was oblivious of her surroundings.
She has not a few friends in America.
She has decided to live in America for good.
She has been busy preparing for her trip to the USA.
She made up her mind to go to America.
She has gone to America.
She works for a large American corporation.
She has been busy preparing for her trip to the U.S.
She is of American parentage.
She is American, but she lives in England.
She is married to an American.
She was born in America and grew up in Japan.
She was proud that she had shaken hands with the President of the U.S.
She has made up her mind to go to the States to study.
She came very near being run over by a motorcar.
She speaks a little Arabic.
She takes everything for granted.
She knew to an inch where everything should be.
She availed herself of every opportunity.
She has caught up with you in every respect.
She takes after her mother in every respect.
She was depressed by all her problems.
She incarnates all womanly virtues.
She bowed in thanks.
She is addicted to alcohol.
She keeps company with a foreign student.
She is engaged to a rich man.
She drowned herself in some lake.
She works as a secretary in an office.
She turned to her writing of poetry, as a kind of consolation.
She is a kind of genius.
She was borne away by an impulse.
She resembles a popular singer.
She speaks Japanese to some extent.
She can be trusted to some degree.
She accepted the proposal to a certain degree.
She went from one shop to another.
She did not come for a certain reason.
She made herself useful about the room.
She flung her clothes on.
She has an eye for antiques.
She ought to have known better than to say that.
For all her riches she is not happy.
She will make a good wife.
She thought of a good solution.
She thought of a good plan.
A good idea struck her.
She makes a good living.
She majors in medicine.
She failed in her attempt to swim the Channel.
She loves an old table made in England.
She looked at several dresses and decided on the most expensive one.
She ended off her speech with some jokes.
She was feeling kind of tired.
She was a rather prim and proper young lady.
She must come at all events.
She has gone to Italy.
She went to Italy to learn Italian.
She likes strawberries and her sister apples.
She is dressed in her best.
She is going to climb that mountain someday.
How long has she been sick?
She will probably marry one day.
When did she break the window?
I wonder where she lives.
She always has to be the one giving orders.
Once she starts talking, she is hard to stop.
She always buys nothing but the best of everything.
She always keeps her word.
She cherishes a hope that she will be a singer some day.
She always gets up at six.
Don't believe her because she always lies.
She is always well made up.
She always takes her grandmother for a walk.
She always interferes with him.
She is always at the bottom of the class.
She is always neatly dressed.
She was talking all the time.
It is always the case with her.
Does she always go there?
She is always kind to everyone.
She arrived late as usual.
She usually wears jeans.
She was always practicing the piano.
She is always missing the ball.
She always buys milk.
She always works hard.
She spent more money than usual.
She always speaks in English.
She is always confusing salt with sugar.
She is always complaining about something or other.
She always tries something new.
She is always complaining of one thing or another.
She is always bright and smiling.
I don't like her, because she always puts on airs.
She's always putting on airs, acting as if she were a queen.
She's always putting on airs.
She's always looking at herself in the mirror - What vanity.
She was always quarreling with her brothers.
She always walks with a light step.
She is always clothed in silk.
She is always free in the afternoon.
She always looked happy.
She always looked happy, but in fact she'd never once had anything to be happy about.
She always looks happy.
She always boasts of her luck.
She always looked, but never was, happy.
She always wears too much scent.
She always buys expensive clothes.
She is always buying expensive clothes.
She was always surrounded by high-quality goods.
She is always dressed in black.
She always lets her children do what they want to.
She always takes care of her children.
Whenever she sees me, she greets me politely.
She always gives me the cold shoulder.
She was always telephoning me.
She always reminds me of her mother.
She always smiles at me.
She is always complaining about my small salary.
She always cared about my health.
She always turns a deaf ear to my advice.
She always stood by me.
She thinks that she's always right.
She is always full of her own affairs.
She always prides herself on her academic background.
She is always complaining of her job.
She always stands up for her convictions.
She always keeps her room clean.
She always gets her own way.
She always winds up a conversation with a wave of her hand.
She is constantly writing letters.
She is always playing favorites with a few students but very strict with everyone else.
She always sweeps the floor clean.
She's always complaining about the food.
She always clears the table after a meal.
She always adapted to new circumstances.
She always has a serious look on her face.
She was always quarreling with her parents.
She is always fishing for compliments.
She always has some axe to grind.
She always speaks ill of others.
She always boasts of being a good swimmer.
She always carries the Holy Bible about.
She always looks pale.
She is always finding fault with others.
She is always complaining of her poor health.
She is always punctual in coming.
She always speaks in a low voice.
She always keeps the garden.
She is always hard at work.
She always takes good care of her old father.
She is always cold-hearted.
She always keeps her hair clean.
She always looks like she's half-asleep, but once she gets into an argument, she really goes to town.
She is always finding fault with him.
She always yielded to his opinion.
She was always been easy to get along with.
She was always complaining about her husband.
She is always complaining of her husband's small salary.
She always keeps her room in good order.
She always walks to school.
She usually walks to school.
She is always busy.
She always expects me to help her.
She's always short with me.
She was always finding fault with me.
She's always finding fault with me.
She is always forgetting my phone number.
She always carries a charm against evil.
She always gets lost.
She always wears striking clothes.
She always has her hair done by a famous hairdresser.
She is always cheerful.
She is always cheerful and smiling.
She always wears fashionable clothes.
When will she return home?
When did she leave the classroom?
When did she get married?
She was at a loss when to start.
When was she born?
She planned a birthday dinner for her cousin.
She was envious of her cousin's success.
She lives in the country.
I was lonely without her.
She kept various kinds of pets.
She was similar to me in many ways.
She was, so to speak, our idol.
She is, as it were, a walking speaker.
She is what is called a learned fool.
She is what is called a woman of culture.
She is what we call a talented woman.
She is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
She is what is called a genius.
She is what we call a bookworm.
She is what is called a baseball widow.
She was asked to write her name in ink.
She spilt ink on the desk.
She stirred the instant coffee and poured in milk.
She came up with a good way of making money by using the Internet.
She committed false acts.
She is pursuing her career in interior design.
She is well known in both India and China.
She wanted to have paid a visit to India.
She is living in some village in India.
She is down with influenza.
She is said to be a leader in the women's liberation movement.
She was clothed in wool.
She lost her job because of her careless remark.
My belief is that she has never told a lie.
She was accused of telling a lie.
She must have told a lie.
She can even tell lies!
She is above telling a lie.
She may have told a lie, but she didn't mean any harm.
She is inclined to take a nap.
She never forgets to admire our baby.
This is the first time in a while that someone we had such high hopes for came to our department.
She fell on her face.
She answered with a nod.
Is she not a good French singer?
She did not succeed, but after all that was her first attempt.
She coaxed the letter out of her brother.
She succeeded in drawing the truth from him.
She was beside herself with joy.
She was happy and sad all at once.
She smiled happily.
She cried for joy.
She goes by the name of Amy.
It was believed that she had graduated from Yale University.
She set about writing the essay.
She was sexually harassed in an elevator.
She keeps a parrot as a pet.
She told me about what she saw in Australia.
She corresponds regularly with her pen pal in Australia.
She rides a motorcycle well.
She was stooping to take something out of the oven.
She baked bread and cakes in the oven.
She exploded with laughter.
She laughed in amusement.
She looked at me in amusement.
She has a funny face.
She looked at me angrily.
She has a hot temper.
She was brought up by her grandfather.
She inclined her head in greeting.
She met her uncle at the shop.
She spends her holidays at her uncle's.
She likes talking best of all.
She has a loose tongue.
I'm fed up with her chatter.
She's fashionable.
The chances are that she is still in bed.
It may be that she will succeed in the examination.
She will have to be by herself during her stay at Oxford.
She was absorbed in reading a fairy tale.
She left for America the day before yesterday.
She has a gentle disposition.
She ate candies one after another until she was completely full.
She was raised by her grandmother.
She strongly resembles her grandmother.
She led the old woman to the church by the hand.
She was brought up by her grandmother.
She is very attentive to her grandmother.
She felt as if she had seen a ghost.
She was brought up by her aunt.
She resembles her aunt.
She was named Elizabeth after her aunt.
Aside from fright, she was not injured.
She stared at him with frightened eyes.
She told me this story off the record.
She bought some meat and eggs so that she might make omelets.
She plans to stay at the Oriental Hotel.
She tried to express juice from the orange.
She poured out tea for her visitors.
She was very busy preparing dinner for her guests.
She is not without money.
She complained continually that there was no money left.
She is hard up for money.
She was careless with money, so now she's in trouble financially.
She put aside a lot of money.
She puts aside a lot of money.
She worked hard in order to save money.
She devoted her money to social welfare.
She gave money.
While she is rich, she says she is poor.
She married a rich man.
She must be well off.
She follows her brother wherever he goes.
She can swim as fast as her brother.
She answered that she would visit me.
She is out on an errand.
She wears the same kind of clothes as her sister wears.
She is no less kind than her sister is.
She is no less clever than her sister.
She is no less pretty than her sister.
She should model her manners on her sister.
She is less beautiful than her sister.
As she's quit drinking, she's lost some weight.
She is loaded with sex appeal.
She blew out all eight of her birthday candles.
She was making tea.
She waited until the water boiled before making the tea with it.
She finished her lunch quickly and went shopping.
She ate just as much meat as her father.
She turns a deaf ear to her father.
She asked me to stay till her mother came home.
She helped her mother clean the house.
She went shopping with her mother.
She is as beautiful as her mother is.
She's as good a cook as her mother.
She kissed her mother good night.
She takes after her mother.
She should help her mother.
She is less beautiful than her mother is.
She wasn't helping her mother.
She pulled the curtain aside.
She drew up the curtain.
She curtained the windows.
She would value the opportunity to exchange views on the strength of guard-rails.
She set the bird free from the cage.
She refused to put up with her boisterous nephews anymore.
She was holding an umbrella.
She put a kettle on the gas.
She has finally recovered from her cold.
She came down with a cold.
It appears to me that she was wrong.
She came home in low spirits.
I think she was trying to pull a fast one.
She was at one time faced with the problem.
She was a track star once.
She used to play basketball.
She used to work for our company.
She must have once been a real beauty.
She got into a rage.
She threw away the papers in a fit of temper.
She poured milk into the cup.
She poured boiling water into the cup.
She's making money hand over fist.
She smiled sadly.
She came from Canada to see me.
She cannot be staying at this hotel, because she has gone back to Canada.
She thought of Canada as an ideal country to live in.
She played the piano well enough.
She sang pretty well.
She is rather poor at tennis.
She has quite a lot of clothes.
She has had quite a lot to drink.
She can speak English pretty well.
She is given to drinking rather heavily.
She has seen a lot of life.
She isn't poor.
She might be having coffee in the cafeteria.
She picked up one of the glass vases.
She cut her finger on the broken glass.
She is all skin and bone.
She lives at the Gorilla Foundation in California.
She comes from California.
She tried to dissuade him from participating in the project.
She accepted him her suitor.
She is not only pretty, but also kind.
She has a pretty face.
She is a pretty girl.
Is she a pretty girl?
She is in a cute swimsuit.
She wore a pretty hat.
She shed plentiful tears when her beloved dog was killed in an accident.
She has a lovely round face.
She is pretty, and what is better, very kind.
She yelled in a rage.
She got hot with rage.
She is apt to lose her temper.
She must have known that she had a cancer.
She died of cancer.
She quoted a poem by Keats.
She searched her pockets for the key.
Can she play the guitar?
She is singing with a guitar.
She knows how to play the guitar.
She plays piano as well as the guitar.
She plays the guitar.
She is good at playing the guitar.
I'm sure she will come.
I don't doubt that she will come here.
She will surely be enjoying a hot bath at this hour.
For sure, she'll win the championship in the tournament.
I don't doubt but she will recover.
She is certain to be surprised.
I'm sure that she will not come to see you.
She is certain to pass the exam.
She is bound to pass the examination.
She is certain to come on time.
I am sure of her success.
We are not sure, but she is right.
I'm sure she'll cause a stir in the Tokyo fashion world.
She will not fail to abide by his promise.
She flatly severed it.
She enjoyed herself very much at the party yesterday.
She gave birth to a daughter yesterday.
She saw a tall man yesterday.
She is a serious person.
She knows how to make candy.
She was right in the middle of cutting cucumbers.
She is not only beautiful but also intelligent.
She is not only pretty, but also bright.
She has a kind of nobleness about her.
She has even teeth.
She was intelligent as well as beautiful.
She picked up beautiful stones.
She spread a beautiful cloth on a table.
She wears beautiful clothes.
She likes Nara all the better because she can feel at home there.
She shrieked whenever she saw a spider.
She enjoys listening to classical music.
She is at the top of her class.
She is the happiest in her class.
She filled the glass with wine.
She is a better singer than any other student in her class.
She studies as hard as any student in her class.
She can sing better than anybody else in her class.
She is as bright as any in her class.
She was by far the best singer in the class.
She runs fastest in our class.
She is a credit to her class.
She married her classmate.
She is in harmony with all her classmates.
She is due to speak for the class.
She was looked up to by all the club members.
She serves as the club treasurer.
She acted as leader of our club.
She is by far the best player in the club.
She's a glamorous girl.
She played that tune on her grand piano.
She was in a green coat and matching mini-skirt.
She wore a green dress.
At Christmas she went out of her way to buy me a really nice model plane.
She couldn't think what to give the children for Christmas.
She left on Christmas Day.
She wanted a doll for Christmas in the worst way.
She gave me a book for Christmas.
I am not sure but she may come.
She says she will come.
She knows how to do the crawl.
She is fond of cake.
She has a passion for cake.
She wanted a piece of cake, but there was none left.
She baked three cakes.
She cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each of the children.
She divided the cake into five pieces.
She cut a cake in two.
She is frugal, not to say stingy.
She is not at all a beauty, but she has an indescribable charm.
She is no ordinary singer.
She graduated in German at Cambridge.
She picked up a coin.
She got her coat and hat on.
She put on her coat and went out.
She put on a coat.
She put much sugar in the coffee.
She stirred the milk into her coffee.
She chatted with her friends about the football game over coffee.
She finished her coffee and asked for another.
She promised to meet him at the coffee shop.
She dresses smartly.
She lost her temper at the slightest provocation.
She has been on a diet for the past two months because she put on too much weight during the winter.
She lives a few blocks away from here.
She buys few clothes here.
She seems happy to be here.
She has a good many friends here.
She is bound to come here.
She needs help.
She smiled her acknowledgment.
She has a great liking for rich foods.
She was careful not to break the glasses.
She likes word games.
She seems to take immense pleasure in playing with children.
She knows many proverbs.
She has been sick in bed for the last week.
She felt herself flattered by this compliment.
She may use this typewriter.
She has a large office in this building.
She has made the same mistake as last time.
She must visit England this summer.
She is contemplating visiting Europe this summer.
She has been promoted twice since she joined this company.
She played an important part in this project.
She is used to handling this machine.
She cannot work this machine.
She can play this tune on the piano.
She is in partial agreement with this decision.
She won't have this job much longer.
She is getting married this fall.
She is going to Sendai this spring.
She is bored with this novel.
She was as happy as could be.
I think she is the kindest woman on earth.
They say she is the kindest woman on earth.
Did she go to the concert last Sunday?
She must have visited England last summer.
She has lived with us since last summer.
She has been sick in bed since last Monday.
She arrived at the town last Monday.
She has been absent since last Wednesday.
It must be three years if a day since she was last in England.
She has changed greatly since I last saw her.
She lives in the village.
She was loved by everybody in the village.
She has this big room all to herself.
She is a member of this organization.
Does she work in this city?
She doesn't have many friends in this town.
She emerged victorious in the struggle.
She sent this book to me.
She is looked on as the leading authority on the subject.
She shook the rug to get dust out of it.
She shook the rug to get the dust out of it.
She didn't even have the courtesy to say that she was sorry.
She smiled, not being able to help it.
She applied for the membership in a golf club.
She doesn't know how to play golf.
She said that she has never been there.
She had some trouble with him before.
She was as great a scientist as ever lived.
She may not wait any longer.
She hurt her elbow when she fell down.
She tried to obtain a ticket for the concert.
She won no less than ten thousand dollars in a competition.
Isn't she a computer programmer?
Is she a computer programmer?
She is in a mood.
They say she and her husband can't agree on anything.
She looks very young as against her husband.
She gets angry at trifles.
She doesn't like soccer.
She is neatly dressed.
She always comforted herself with music when she was lonely.
She lived a lonely life.
She wondered where Sam was and what he was doing.
She cried her heart out.
She said goodbye.
She hung up without saying good-bye.
She went out without saying good-bye.
She heaped her plate with salad.
She is even more beautiful.
She called me many terrible things.
She soon adjusted herself to village life.
She soon adjusted to his way of life.
She is eager to live in Australia.
She was impatient to see her family.
She was in a hurry to go home.
She became seasick in rough seas.
She fell down the ladder.
She's a tough woman.
She looked at me in a deliberate way and left the meeting room.
She held her hands tightly over her ears.
She was a bundle of jealousy.
She assumes an air of modesty.
She is often late for school on Mondays.
She hurried across the lawn.
She pondered the question for a while.
She was happy for some time.
She made up her mind to stay with us for a while.
She was always staring at me for the time being.
For a while she did nothing but stare at me.
She flew to Europe by way of Siberia.
She ended up in the hospital.
She likes jazz, and so do I.
She likes jazz, and I do, too.
She is interested in jazz.
She tends to talk too much.
She kept on talking.
She was wearing a gown of satin.
She is a natural to play the part of Juliet.
She stopped looking at the show window.
She can't cook well.
She looked in at the show window.
She got over a shock.
She went mad because of the shock.
It was such a shock to her that she collapsed.
It gave her quite a shock, and she didn't want to talk about anything for a while. I think it'll be a while before she's back to normal.
She died of shock.
She indulged in a fit of temper.
She is always finding fault with her husband.
She knew that John loved her.
She thought that John had loved her.
She knows that John loved her.
She denied John's having helped the lost boy.
She will grow on John.
She admires John for his courage.
She put up an umbrella against a scorching sun.
She was in a silk dress.
She asked Shinji to take Rei's ID-card to her the next day.
She is more gentle than kind.
She pressed the switch.
She seems to have had a very hard time.
She behaved quite foolishly.
She bought a Hoover at the supermarket.
She went shopping at a supermarket.
She is a clerk in the supermarket.
She is great at skiing.
She is good at skiing.
She does not know how to ski.
It is said that she is an expert in skiing.
She can both ski and skate.
She likes dancing in a disco better than skiing.
The scandal nearly wrecked her career.
She wired she was coming soon.
She lives quite close by.
She is readily accessible to flattery.
She will be along soon.
I'm sure that she will come back soon.
She wanted to get married immediately.
She said she must leave at once.
She remarried soon.
She wrote me back soon.
It is important that she should leave at once.
She lost no time in starting to work on new project.
She took to him immediately.
She recognized him at once as the stranger in her dream.
She easily catches cold.
I think she will come back soon.
She will be here in no time.
She easily flames up.
She came at once.
She proposed that a doctor should be called in immediately.
She set about her homework at once.
She is a poor sailor.
She cottoned to him soon.
She will come soon.
Will she get well soon?
She is able to skate.
She's an eye-opener.
She's not half attractive.
She lives a solitary life in a remote part of Scotland.
She has a good figure.
Because she has a good figure, whatever she wears suits her.
She has no figure.
Do you think she can handle her staff?
She stopped crying altogether.
She has totally changed her character.
She has completely recovered from her illness.
She never lets you forget her clean-cut image.
She folded napkins all the way.
She kept smiling all the time.
I hear she has been absent from school.
She kept crying all the time.
She kept on asking me questions the whole time.
She has always lived in Otaru.
She lay in bed all the time.
She kept quiet.
She had returned home long before.
She kept conversation on a formal plane.
She is singing a song on the stage.
She ran over her lines once before she went on stage.
She had wonderful food and, what was more, she was given a New year's gift.
She gave me a lovely watch, but I lost it.
She is unable to cope with stress.
She was suspected of being a spy.
She is much the tallest girl.
She turned around quickly.
She quickly shut the kitten into a basket.
She dressed herself quickly.
She gave birth to a fine healthy baby.
She is a wonderful wife.
She is a wonderful woman.
She has a wonderful personality.
She won first prize in the speech contest.
She stirred her coffee with a spoon.
She stirred the soup with a spoon.
She got wet to the skin.
She can speak Spanish, much more English.
She depends on her husband for everything.
She takes every circumstance into account.
She turned down every proposal.
She keeps a record of everything she buys.
She bundled all her dresses into the suitcase.
She walked slowly for fear she should slip.
She is bad at sports.
She is devoted to sport.
She has to take in the waist of her pants a bit.
I hear she is a secretary to Mr Smith.
She gave a ready answer.
She is more thin than slender.
She was very nearly run over by a truck.
She is eighteen at most.
I thought she was at most.
She will pay dollars at most.
She is a second-rate singer at best.
She lives in an expensive style.
She pulled her sweater on.
She fell asleep with her sweater on.
She pulled her sweater over her head.
She was taken in by the salesman.
She was taken in by the salesman's smooth manner of talking.
As head of the sales team she reports only to the managing director.
She knows nothing about the birds and the bees.
She was busy with her knitting.
She said that she was eager to go there.
She is inquisitive, but I like her none the worse.
Such an idea is abhorrent to her.
She may have said so.
She thought to the contrary.
She said that she had seen such and such there.
She dwelt on the miserable days she spent there.
It happened that he saw her there.
She made herself known to the company.
She was alone there.
She lived there for years.
She insisted on going there.
She stayed there for several days.
She lived there about five years.
She regrets having never been there.
She went there by herself.
She did not go there.
She must go there.
She denied having been there.
Is she anywhere about?
She whispered it in my ear.
She softly stole out of the room.
She played a sonata.
She won the one hundred meter race.
She had gone there ten years before.
No sooner had the idea occurred to her than she put it into action.
She tried to prevent the rumor from spreading.
She spread the gossip all over the town.
She gave considerable thought to what to do with the money.
She need not have paid the money.
She hung the calendar on the wall.
She wished the lovely dog belonged to her.
She took care of the poor little bird.
She was barred from the club.
She was admitted to the club.
She has something to do with the group.
She divided the cake into six pieces.
She is far from being pleased about it and she is very angry.
She was fined dollars for that.
She acted as if she knew nothing about it.
She made believe that she knew nothing about it.
She had no rule of thumb about it, but she got it right every time.
She gave it her personal attention.
She took the case into court.
She wrote about it in her diary.
She was then more beautiful than she is now.
She won the contest.
She took part in the contest.
She denied having taken part in the scheme.
She was fascinated by that Chinese dress.
She worked hard so as to pass the test.
She pushed the door open.
She has changed a lot since then.
She looked terrible at that time.
She was washing the dishes then.
At that time, she was bathing in the sun.
She was cooking dinner at that time.
She played an important part in the drama.
She did not buy the dress, which she liked very much.
She is pleased with the dress.
She picked out the shoes that match the dress.
She chose a scarf to wear with the dress.
Her eyes settled on the dress.
She could hardly keep from laughing when she saw the dress.
She bought the dress on impulse.
She walked about in search of the dress.
She gets easily excited by the smell.
She burst into tears when she heard the news.
She felt like crying at the news.
She felt like crying when she heard the news.
She was surprised at the news.
She was not a little surprised at the news.
She tried on the party dress.
She was wearing proper clothes for the party.
She solved the puzzle with ease.
She drank the beer down.
She gave the blouse a quick wash.
She recognized the brooch as the one she had lost a few months before.
She got carried away watching the boxing match.
She made reservations for a room at the hotel.
She fastened the medal on the lapel with a pin.
She made jam from the apples.
She took first prize in the race.
She gave a big pull on the rope.
She paid seven percent interest on the loan.
She blanched at the bad news.
She has been asked to sit on the committee.
She was elected chairman of the committee.
She claims the inheritance.
She designed beautiful costumes for the movie.
She took down the speech in shorthand.
She can't bear the noise.
She came to like the house.
She served the family for twenty years.
She went to the house several times.
She asked about the location of the house.
She sang the song softly.
She likes the singer.
She has been cherishing that flower.
She filled the vase with water.
She was present at the party.
She didn't show up until the meeting was over.
She attended the meeting.
She needn't have come to the meeting.
She is closely associated with the firm.
She has a percent interest in the company.
She was required to step down in the office.
She hung the picture upside down.
She was taking a nap the whole time.
She half dragged, half carried the log.
She put the machine in motion.
She derives her temper from her grandfather.
She suggested that the customer buy a blue tie.
She asked how to cook the fish.
She fainted when she heard the terrible news.
She visited the teacher.
She managed to back up through the narrow driveway.
She managed to back through the narrow passage.
She found the money gone.
She put the money in the bank.
She refused to accept the money.
She undertook the responsibility for the project.
She felt like giving up the plan.
She carried out the plan.
She acted in the play.
She looked out through the hole.
She seemed disappointed at the result.
She was disappointed with the result.
The result was far from being satisfactory to her.
She's anxious to know the results.
She was pleased to see the results.
She related the result to her carelessness.
She is much concerned about the result.
She gave her assent to the match.
She benefited from the sound investment.
She was waiting in front of the building.
She began to talk to the dog.
She was afraid of the dog.
She eyed the stranger suspiciously.
She bought the old table for next to nothing.
She had a great attachment to that old house.
She sympathized with the orphan and gave him some money.
It is said that she looked after the orphan.
She has remained abroad ever since.
She was surprised at the sight.
She was very surprised at the sight.
She did nothing but cry at the sight.
She paled at the sight.
She turned pale at the sight.
She drew back in horror at the sight.
She had the large room to herself.
She looked up at the tall tree.
She was dazzled by the gorgeous room.
She made news in that country.
She is working as a volunteer interpreter at the international conference.
She overcame the difficulty.
She seems to be involved in that murder case.
She was absorbed in reading the magazine.
She likes the design on the plate.
She is disgusted with the job.
She consecrated her life to the work.
She succeeded in the work.
She addressed herself to the task.
She directed her whole energy to the task.
I don't think she is fit for the job.
She is fit for the job.
She isn't adequate to the task.
She was equal to the job.
She is in no humor for task.
She need not have done the work.
She did the work alone.
She forced that task on me.
She worked hard to get the work done.
She imposed the work on him.
She hovers over that child like a hen with one chick.
She taught the child never to play with matches.
She bent over the child.
She took care of the child.
She held the child to her bosom.
She pressed the child to her heart.
She cherished the child as her own.
She stripped the child and put him in the bath.
She cared for the children.
She got very angry with the children.
She took pains to help the child overcome his grief.
She read the poem aloud.
She gave in to the temptation.
She was successful in the attempt.
She is keen to pass the examination.
She is not concerned in the affair.
She had nothing to do with the case.
She seems to have something to do with the affair.
She was accused of having lied about the affair.
She has nothing to do with that affair.
Do you think she has nothing to do with the affair?
She painted a vivid picture of the event.
She hired a private detective to inquire into the case.
She got scratches in the accident.
She didn't mention the accident to me.
She shuddered at the thought of the accident.
She was playing with her sister at that time.
She was playing the piano at that time.
She gave him all the money that she had then.
She gives varied impressions on different occasions.
She was doing the washing then.
She was none the better for the treatment.
She was injured in the car accident.
She may be able to answer the question.
She found it difficult to answer the question.
She refreshed her memory with the photo.
She got into the car and drove off.
She tried to put the young man out of her mind, but it was impossible.
She glanced shyly at the young man.
She looked surprised at the letter.
She tore the letter to pieces.
She read the letter over and over again.
When she was reading the letter, she looked sad.
She hid the letter carefully so that no one should see it.
She tore the letter up after reading it.
She looked upset as she read the letter.
She translated the letter from Japanese into French.
She carried that habit to her grave.
She spent the weekend by herself.
She made faces at that woman.
She was born in a small village.
She ascertained that the novel was based on facts.
She tied up the parcel with string.
She listened to him.
She loves the boy as if he were her own child.
She scorned the boy.
She declined the invitation.
She was amused at the joke.
She described the scene in detail.
She took in the situation at a glance.
She was especially selected for the post.
She is indifferent to the new religion.
She won't even look at the offer.
She will lay the doll on her bed.
She made the doll for me.
She loves the doll like her own sister.
She chose the red dress.
She likes the teacher.
She swam across the river.
She was pleased with the gift.
She blamed the damage on John.
She blamed John for the damage.
She has the large house to herself.
She is a teacher fresh from the university.
She did not marry the man.
She seemed very happy in contrast to the man.
She seemed happy in contrast to the man.
She didn't marry the man.
She hid herself for fear of meeting the man.
She replied she had never met the man before.
She presumed on his weakness.
She replied that she had never seen the man before.
She testified to having seen the man.
She was carried away by the man's charm.
She looked troubled by the news.
She was struck dumb at the news.
She was dismayed at the news.
She was encouraged by the news.
She gasped out the news.
She carried the news to me.
She broke down when she heard the news.
She went mad with delight to hear the news.
When she heard the news, she burst into tears.
Hearing the news, she cried her heart out.
She looked frightened at the news.
She did nothing but weep at the news.
She was not at all upset by the news.
She burst into tears at the news.
She was beside herself with joy at the news.
She wept at the news.
She pushed the panic button when she heard the news.
She burst into tears to hear the news.
The news distressed her.
She burst out crying with joy when she heard the news.
She refused to accept the post.
She indicated on the map how to get to the post office.
She looks odd in those clothes.
She acquired credit with in the town.
She loves the peace and quiet of the town.
She witnessed the truth of the statement.
She was the only one to survive the crash.
She bore the pain bravely.
She almost went out of her senses at the news.
She did not agree to the proposal.
She bought this pen at that store.
What did she buy at the shop?
She picked out the best of all the jewels in the shop.
She went to that store.
She claimed to be the owner of the land.
She has consented to take the leadership of the party.
She was skiing all though the day.
She felt very bad that day.
She met him the day before, that is to say May fifth.
She was a chonga.
She is living from hand to mouth.
She gave milk to the cat.
She had the whole summer off that year.
She borrowed a saw from the farmer.
She became deaf from the explosion.
She had the box carried downstairs.
She deposited the box on the table.
She succeeded in opening the box.
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible.
She carried the box under her arm.
She tapped the box with her forefinger.
She witnessed the crime.
She could not bear the sight of the mean man.
She shall never forget listening to the sad tune.
She was overwhelmed by the sad news.
She kept the secret in her bosom.
She kept the secret to herself.
She seems to have known the secret.
She babbled out the secret to her friend.
She consented to take the blame.
She stood astonished at the sight.
She likes the beautiful pearl necklace very much.
Her beauty exposed her to many dangers.
She looked after the patient.
She could not put up with the insult.
She was standing in the middle of the room.
She rents the room to a student for seventy thousand yen a month.
She ordered the room to be swept.
She looks pretty in that dress.
She painted the wall red.
She passed the jewel off as her own.
She took a casual glance at the book.
Her attention was engaged by the book.
She has to pay for the book.
She makes no allusion in the book to her profession.
She ordered the book from England.
She bought the book for next to nothing.
She did not read the book.
It was not until she finished reading the book that she noticed who had written it.
She translated the book from Japanese into English.
She indicated that the problem was serious.
She has nothing to do with the matter.
She is working on the problem.
She made a few vague comments about the matter.
She has a very radical opinion about the problem.
She kept silent about the problem.
She is at home in the subject.
She understands the core of the problem well.
She didn't know what to do with the problem.
She is familiar with the subject.
She tends to get carried away when arguing about that matter.
She must have forgotten all about the promise.
The medicine she took cured her of the bad cough she'd been suffering from.
She thrilled at the thought that she would meet the famous singer.
She shivered at the sight.
She became an actress the following year.
She completely cleaned her plate.
She ran to the station for fear that she would miss the train.
She rendered the love song very well.
She was obliged to marry the old man.
She must care for the old man.
She entered into conversation with that old woman.
She could not help but wonder about the story.
She's hedging.
She was moved to tears at story.
Having heard the story before, she didn't want to hear it again.
She regarded the story as a joke.
She is ashamed to tell the story to others.
She shed tears while listening to the story.
She put the blanket over the child sleeping on the sofa.
She sat on the sofa, reading a magazine.
She was lounging on the sofa.
She is famed as a soprano.
She likes it least of all.
She said she didn't like it, but I thought, personally, it was very good.
She refused to play with it, and just sat and looked angry.
She declined to say more about it.
She didn't say a word about it.
She had nothing to say about it.
She talks as if she knew all about it.
She can't have known about it.
It's impossible that she knew about it.
She demanded to know about it.
She worked on it with her all soul.
She looked down on the office girls she had worked with.
She had never seen New York before, so I offered to show her around.
She therefore came up on this side, opened her own window and tapped her horn lightly to draw attention to the fact that she was there.
She must have done it yesterday.
She did it entirely of her own accord.
She translated it word for word.
She did it easily.
She explained it over again.
She blushed seeing it.
She couldn't see it, but she could feel and hear it.
She did it on purpose.
She held on to it for dear life.
She folded it in paper.
She stressed that she did it by herself.
She went in to get it.
She took it off.
She bought it at the butcher's.
She did it in her own way.
It appears that she has a secret.
When she heard it, she just cried.
Her eyes popped out when she heard that.
She came here as soon as she heard of it.
She had never spoken to him before that time.
She is going on 35.
She does not do things like that.
She had, I thought, no right to do that.
She isn't so green as to say so.
Is she so foolish as to believe that?
She needn't have gone in such a hurry.
She was surprised that it was that late.
She knew better than to ask such a stupid question.
She should not have done such a thing.
She would not deign to consider such an offer.
She put on an assumption of ignorance.
She owns a Turner.
She tried to go on a diet and lose five kilograms.
She is denying herself sweets because of her diet.
She got off easily.
She is a regular beauty.
She's very beautiful.
She is about my age.
She is usually at home on Sundays.
She comes home at about six as a rule.
She set out for Thailand.
She is a typist.
She found employment as a typist.
She got a position as a typist.
She types well.
She has made herself master of typing.
She is an expert typist.
She has no experience in typing, nor does the skill interest her.
She sang very well.
She plays the violin very well.
She is quite angry.
She speaks English very fluently.
She dried her face on a towel.
She wrung the towel dry.
She has a lot of money.
She has plenty of work to do.
She wrung the juice from a lot of oranges.
She put away a good deal of money.
She competed against many fine athletes.
She made a lot of spelling mistakes.
She has a lot of English books.
She takes part in many school activities.
She wrote a lot of poems.
She had to speak before a large audience.
She has plenty of books.
She has a lot of history books.
She had the care of many older people.
She has many handkerchiefs.
She did a great deal of work.
She got in the taxi.
She is a taxi driver.
Is she a taxi driver?
She called me a taxi.
She went out to look for a taxi.
She's just acting disappointed.
She got the ticket for nothing.
She is no more than a child.
She is apt to look only at the surface of things.
Her only care is the safety of her children.
She just laughed the matter off.
She has no more than one thousand yen.
She has no more than fifteen dollars.
She's just started for your house.
She went out just now.
She came home just now.
She looks pretty, no matter what she wears.
She will come even if she is tired.
She coughed from smoking.
She stopped smoking.
She has to stop smoking.
She's wearing a loose coat.
She is probably just making a mountain out of a molehill again.
Perhaps she will come tomorrow.
She was cheated into buying worthless stock.
She happened to have the day off.
It happened that she was taking a bath.
She happened to know his address.
She sighed and clasped her hands tightly together.
She felt someone touch her back.
She is well spoken of by everybody.
She's trusted by everyone, isn't she?
She is curious to find who sent the flowers.
She is beloved by everyone.
She is amiable to everybody.
She didn't want to speak to anyone.
She is a good dancer.
She went to Los Angeles for the purpose of studying dancing.
She has bought a record of dance music.
She was beginning to get desperate.
She is getting prettier.
She is getting well by degrees.
She is getting better by degrees.
She can dance the best of all the cheerleaders.
She stirred her tea with a little gold spoon.
She's not in the least worried.
She grows flowers such as tulips, pansies and daisies.
She has just finished washing dishes.
She has got there just in time.
She telephoned just now.
She is just going shopping.
She loves chocolate, too.
She is partial to chocolate cake.
She is quite a poet.
She has some money of her own.
She lives in quite a big mansion.
She won't give up easily.
She froze for a moment.
She does not take a rest for an instant.
She stood silently, her head tilted slightly to one side.
She finally made up her mind to go abroad.
She eventually got into the bad habit of smoking.
She has finally been regarded by the nation as the most charismatic actress.
She has finally reached the Arctic.
She has finally achieved her end.
She finally mustered up the courage to ask him for more money.
She fled for fear of being caught.
She is a difficult person to deal with.
She listened to him with her eyes modestly cast down.
She easily takes offence at trifles.
Did she have a hard time?
She was weeping with pain.
She shed bitter tears.
She kept dancing at the disco all night.
She is having dinner now.
She was asked to go out with him.
She took the tablecloths to the laundry.
She arranged the dishes on the table.
She spread a cloth over the table.
She set the tray down on the table.
She poured coffee into the cups on the table.
She attempted to swim across the Thames.
She tried to run as fast as she could.
She tries to read as many books as she can.
She studied French as hard as possible.
She ran as fast as possible.
She is being as nice as she can.
She poured her passion into her kids as much as she could.
She beat the cream for dessert.
She wants to be a designer.
She took something out of the bag.
She is not in the least worried about her test scores.
She is a good tennis player.
She can play tennis, and so can I.
She plays tennis very well.
She can play tennis very well, but I can play just about as well as she can.
She liked tennis and became a tennis coach.
She likes tennis as well as basketball.
She is given to tennis.
She's very good at tennis, but she's not much of a swimmer.
Besides playing tennis, she skis very well.
She is fond of playing tennis.
She is good at playing tennis.
She had an accident that ended her life as a tennis player.
She belongs to the tennis club.
Does she belong to the tennis club?
She got out of the taxi at the department store.
She loves watching tennis matches on TV.
She asked him to adjust the TV set.
She tuned her television set to Channel 6.
She killed about two hours watching TV.
She came round to the idea of watching TV.
She tried to get a tent at the shop, but she could not find the one she wanted.
She put the chain on the door and opened it a crack.
She was angry to find the door locked.
She shut the door on her finger.
She went inside the door.
She ran for the door.
She gave the door a gentle push.
She knocked on the door.
She pulled the door open.
She hadn't noticed the cold until she opened the door.
She kicked the door.
She shut the door and went upstairs.
She can speak German, not to mention English.
They say that she was born in Germany.
She was at her wit's end what to do.
She was at a loss what to do next.
I wonder why she didn't tell him about it.
How did she get such an idea into her head?
She would cook it in her own way.
She insisted on going abroad, but her father told her not to.
She would never own up to a mistake.
She would not change her mind.
She could not quite bring herself to adopt a child.
She would not follow my advice.
She will have her own way.
She would not admit him into her apartment.
She wouldn't let him in the room no matter what.
She wouldn't let him in.
She would not disclose the secret.
She would not give in to her husband.
She won't agree to a divorce.
She finally decided to separate from her husband.
No one knows what has become of her.
He asked me what had become of her.
I wonder what has become of her.
What will become of her?
She managed to back their boat into the garage.
She had escaped detection somehow.
She managed to carry all the bags herself.
She managed to drive a car.
How did she come to know so much about fish?
To all appearances, she is a man of learning.
She spread honey thickly on her toast.
She lives just down the street.
She will sometimes sit still for hours.
She calls on me from time to time.
She drinks a little wine at times.
She sometimes has her sister write her term papers.
She sometimes stays up late at night.
She sometimes mixes up fancies with realities.
She is covered in confusion.
She looked as though she had seen me somewhere before.
She came up from goodness knows where.
She's every bit an English lady.
She looked every inch the movie star.
She went shopping elsewhere.
She has been praised everywhere.
I wonder where she studied English conversation.
She wondered where she had lost her purse.
Where did she buy a book?
Where has she gone?
I wonder where she has gone.
Wherever she goes, she is well liked.
She is, if anything, a little better today.
She is, if anything, a little better today than yesterday.
She was at a loss which way to go.
I don't know which doctor she meant.
Which do you suppose she chose?
She advised me which I should buy.
She lives alone in a house of enormous dimensions.
She is a very nice person.
She has a very enviable position.
She is as modest as anything.
She is very pretty.
She is very pretty, isn't she?
She is a very dear girl.
She is as pretty as anything.
She looks very lovely.
She has a very good figure.
She has such a fine car that her friends envied her.
She cooked us a wonderful meal.
She is eager to go to France.
She's a very earnest person.
She asked a very good question.
She is a very good teacher.
She is anxious to visit Europe.
She looks very young.
She is a most gracious neighbor.
She works very hard.
She is a very poor driver.
She stands in great danger.
She looks very happy.
She's in the least worried.
She was so generous as to give me all the money I needed.
She is very free with her money.
She was very excited.
She's a very interesting person.
She was such a hardworking girl that she made much progress in French.
She seems to be very ill.
She looks nice and healthy.
She is very wise.
She is a most wise mother.
She was in such a hurry that she left her umbrella behind on the train.
She so wants to go.
She bears herself very well.
She looks so grand.
She is very thoughtful and patient.
She was a great help to me.
She is a very feminine person.
She is a very clever liar.
She can play the piano very well.
She can speak English very well.
She is able to sing very well.
She is very kind. This is why she is liked by everybody.
Everyone liked her because she was very kind.
She is a very kind girl.
She wants to become thin very much.
She lives in a huge house.
She owns a very big house.
She is very careful, so she seldom makes mistakes.
She has lived alone for ages.
She was so angry that she could not speak.
She is very smart, and what is more, she studies hard.
She is very intelligent.
She is very shy and feels ill at ease at parties.
She must have worked very hard.
She is a student who studies very hard.
She was so sad that she did not want to speak to anyone.
She is very sad.
She was so tired that she couldn't walk.
She is very beautiful, and what is more, very wise.
Such was her anger that she lost control of herself.
She is very hardworking.
She takes after her mother so much.
She is as busy as a bee.
She must be very busy.
I find her appearance attractive.
She radiates with charm.
She is very bright.
I found her very amusing.
She said with deepest tenderness, "Are you all right"?
She looks very elegant.
She's as clever as they make 'em.
She cooks very well.
She is politeness itself.
She told Tony.
She wanted to go out anyway.
What is she like?
She married Tom last month.
She decided on marrying Tom.
She invited Tom and me to the party.
She's as busy as Tom.
She put two calls in for Tom.
She's Tom's sister.
She's older than Tom.
She loves Tom.
She fainted at the sight of a tiger.
She can play the drum.
She didn't play cards, because she didn't like it.
She especially likes music.
She especially liked to polish her jewels.
She sprinkled some scent on her dress.
She paid the dressmaker for her dress.
She adorned her dress with flowers.
She had her dress made.
She bought six yards of cloth for a dress.
However ill she is, she always works.
She makes it a rule to attend any meeting.
She is a glutton for punishment.
She aspired to any sort of career.
She doesn't answer any kind of letter.
She has the wonderful capability to overcome any obstacle.
Do you know what color she likes?
What color do you think she likes?
She is proof against any temptation.
She is crying.
She cut the apple with a knife.
She cut her hand on a knife.
She is a polished lady.
She is quite pretty, but looks unhealthy.
She is far from a fool.
She's pretty good at it, but she lacks class.
She is quite a clever girl.
She is looking for her missing wallet.
She could not understand why they fought.
Why is she so silent?
She looks blue for some reason.
Why did she go to the station?
Why did she go out in a hurry?
She would not tell me why she had gone home first.
Why did she break off her speech?
She begged for something to drink.
She did not say anything.
What does she do?
How pretty she is!
What lovely eyes she has!
She bundled everything into the drawers.
She is a cheerful giver.
She has her own way in everything.
How young she is!
How well she plays the piano!
How kind she is.
How fast she swims!
How fast she is running!
What an intelligent woman she is!
She's very handy with a saw.
How beautiful she is!
She managed to keep up appearances.
She wanted desperately to get her vengeance.
She was able to cook herself dinner, after a fashion.
She managed not to mention her plan.
She was at a loss for words.
What a kind girl she is!
What a beautiful girl she is.
What a beautiful woman she is!
What a tender heart she has.
She was all smiles.
She greeted us with a smile.
She smiled.
She said so with a smile.
She greeted me with a big smile.
She couldn't accustom herself to New England winters.
The girl jumped at the chance to go to New York.
She grew up in the harsh environment of New York City.
She hates carrots.
She cut off the carrot tops.
She adores cats.
She is afraid of cats.
She fastened the clasp of her necklace.
She was caught red-handed trying to steal a necklace.
She wrote down something in her notebook.
She handles a saw very well.
She is easygoing.
She has an eye on a good bargain.
She blew out all the candles on the birthday cake.
She made friends with Tom at the party.
She drank two glasses of wine at the party.
She introduced me to her friends at the party.
She went on talking about her new car at the party.
She tried to conceal her grief at the party.
She was dressed in white at the party.
She was happy to be introduced to him at the party.
She was at a loss what to wear for the party.
She wants to attend the party.
She was aching to go to the party.
She dressed up for the party.
She was asked to the party.
She expends her energy on parties.
She was cleaning the house in preparation for a party.
She put on her new dress for the party.
She made elaborate preparations for the party.
She arranged her hair for the party.
She kept on dancing all through the party.
She was impatient to leave the party.
She enjoyed herself a lot at the party.
She proposed giving a party.
It appears that she had a nice time at the party.
She called off the party.
She got a part-time job as a typist.
She insisted on applying for a part-time job.
She wore heart-shaped earrings.
She was accepted at Harvard.
She plays the violin well.
She played on the violin.
She earns her living by playing the violin.
She was heard playing the violin.
She has a sense of fashion.
She walked past clicking her high heels.
She can't even harm a fly.
She fell head over heels from the ladder.
She was standing on a ladder painting the ceiling.
She was going up a ladder.
She betrayed her friends for the first time.
She blushed with shame.
She got off the bus and ran towards him.
She transferred from the bus to the subway.
She raised her hand for the bus to stop.
She lifted one corner of the napkin which covered her basket and let me have a quick look.
She played basketball.
She is panting from playing basketball.
She is a member of the basketball club.
She handed me the basket and suggested I wait until I got home to open it, in case anyone was watching.
She went to Chicago by bus.
She was careless enough to leave her bag in the bus.
She didn't run fast enough to catch the bus.
She was in time for the bus.
She got on a bus and took a seat in the front.
The bus ride made her feel so sick that she began to vomit.
She was late for the bus.
She made room for an old woman in the bus.
She was in trouble because she lost her passport.
She must have taken the wrong bus.
She mixed the butter and sugar together.
She bought two pounds of butter.
She speaks clearly to be easily understood.
She speaks clearly enough to be easily understood.
She left her bag behind on the rack when she got off the train.
She follows all the latest trends in fashion.
She is as beautiful as a rose.
She talked about Paris as if she had been there many times.
She has been to Paris.
She has gone to Paris.
She took a trip to Paris.
She left for Paris.
She is visiting Paris.
She went all the way to see her doctor only to find him absent.
She told me that she came all the way from Hokkaido to see her brother.
She earns her living as a ballet dancer.
She went to Paris for the purpose of learning ballet.
She has been to Hawaii several times.
She wiped her face with a handkerchief.
She blew her nose with her handkerchief.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
She planted some pansies in the flower bed.
She felt in her handbag for her ring.
She looked in her bag for the key of the house, but could not find it.
She had her handbag stolen.
She bought a handbag, but she lost it the next day.
She lost her handbag.
She spread the butter on the bread.
She patted the hamburger meat into a flat shape.
She was shod in pumps.
She hit me on the head with a hammer.
She idled away many hours lying in the hammock.
She bought a loaf of bread.
She got a piece of bread stuck in her throat.
She is a pianist and her sister is a singer.
She is a pianist.
She can play the piano well.
She cannot play the piano.
She played a tune on the piano.
She played the piano accompaniment for a violin solo.
She played a waltz on the piano.
She accompanied the singer on the piano.
She struck high notes on the piano.
She showed great skill on the piano.
She depressed the keys of the piano.
She will rapidly progress in her piano lessons.
She takes private piano lessons.
She saw some books lying on the piano.
She took her seat at the piano and began to play.
She spends a lot of time practicing the piano.
She can play the violin, not to mention the piano.
She is good at playing the piano.
She played the piano beautifully.
Has she a piano?
She is learning the piano.
She will be able to play the piano well.
She is happiest when she is playing the piano.
She plays the piano.
She is beginning to play the piano.
Does she play the piano?
She sings as well as plays the piano.
She can't play piano very well.
She's meant to practice the piano for two hours.
She got so carried away listening to the Beatles that she missed the date with him.
She hates green peppers.
She went on a picnic.
She went down on her knees to pray.
She prayed to God on her knees.
She applied for a visa.
She screams if you even touch her funny bone.
She cried out in surprise.
She was absorbed in the video.
She was indignant at the way she had been treated.
She is exceedingly sensitive to the cold.
She has a bad head cold.
A bad cold confined her to her bed.
She looked after her sister, who was in bed with a bad cold.
She was hurrying the hell up.
She wept like anything.
She was waiting for her son with great anxiety.
She was deadly tired.
She went out without saying a word.
She isn't as energetic as she once was.
The moment she was alone, she opened the letter.
She wanted to be alone.
She carried this table by herself.
She lived there by herself.
She lives alone in the room.
She woke up on her own.
She promised not to go out alone.
She is muttering to herself.
It is preferable that she do it alone.
She is old enough to travel by herself.
She bought a chicken.
She doesn't like to associate with Bill.
She really cut a dash in her pink evening gown.
She picked out a pink shirt for me to try on.
She wasn't able to open the bottle.
She could not fasten the zip of her dress.
She exercises every day at a fitness club.
She bought a pair of boots.
She dived into the swimming pool.
She gave birth to twins.
She sang better than usual.
In general, she doesn't eat very much.
She made an abrupt answer.
She seems quite indifferent to football.
She has good footwork.
She hit upon a good idea.
She was too proud to do anything disgraceful.
She pulled down the blinds.
She pulled the blinds down.
She tore a hole in her blouse.
She beat off a big snake with a plastic toy bat.
It is said that she is the best tennis player in France.
She left France for America.
She is proficient in both Spanish and Italian.
She is proficient in French.
She has a good command of French.
He is good at French, much more so at English.
She was fluent in French.
She can speak French, much more English.
She can speak French.
She can speak French, and fluently at that.
She is second to none in French.
She managed to read a book written in French.
Since she speaks in French, I can't understand her.
She knows French inside out.
She is second to none in her command of French.
She is intent on mastering French.
She doesn't even speak her own language well, let alone French.
She acquired a knowledge of French.
She knows French, and even more English.
She acknowledged that she couldn't speak French.
She is a native speaker of French.
She can speak French fluently.
She has the ability to speak and write French.
Does she speak French?
She speaks French, much more English.
I don't think she can speak French.
She can speak French, and is even better at English.
She may be French.
She majors in French literature.
She poured brandy into the glasses.
She can run a full marathon.
She put on the brakes and the car stopped.
She is anxious for a gift.
She is a follower of Freud.
She is wearing a brooch.
She is a computer programmer.
She turned down his proposal.
She has altered the way she does her hair.
She explained to me how to use the hair drier.
She unlocked the car door by means of a hairpin.
She bought a hair brush and a tooth brush.
She likes classical composers such as Beethoven and Bach.
She went by the name of Bess.
She lost no time in reading a best-selling novel.
She put clean sheets on the bed.
She lay down on the bed.
What does she keep as a pet?
She was lying face down on the bed.
She is Betty.
She can't go to the party because she doesn't have a babysitter.
She has a dislike for snakes and mathematics.
She shuddered at the thought of snakes.
She has a great fear of snakes.
She made a mess of the work.
She admitted to having heroin.
She seated herself on the bench.
She put down her pen.
She took a pen out of her pocket.
She sweeps the room with a broom.
She is going to part from her boyfriend.
She is knitting a sweater for her boyfriend.
She complained about her boyfriend's prank.
She called out to him, with tears running down her cheeks.
She poured the milk into a bowl.
She hit the ball hard.
She is more beautiful than any other girl.
She is my girlfriend.
She is a treasure to my office.
She caught my eye.
She used a damp rag to wipe off the dust.
She brushed away the dust.
She traveled from Boston to San Francisco via Chicago.
She didn't notice one of her buttons unfastened.
She has a slender figure.
She stayed at a hotel.
Is she staying at a hotel?
She got to the hotel late at night.
She pulled up near the hotel office.
She had the hotel suite to herself.
She has asked the man at the hotel desk to get her the number.
She's very particular about her choice of hotels.
She will be back before long.
She didn't have much money.
She spoke scarcely a word of English.
She hardly ate anything.
She has come to know something like love.
She asked Bob to teach her how to ski.
She smiled and accepted my little present.
She looked at me with tears running down her cheeks.
She is above praise.
She takes pleasure in seeing horror films.
She devoted herself to the volunteer activity.
She resolved to work as a volunteer.
She prepared the meal in a very short time.
She had only a small fortune.
She is a mere child.
She is nothing but a child.
She was idly turning over the pages of a magazine.
She was idly looking out of the window.
She has an absent look on her face.
She's honest enough, but can you really trust her?
She seems to have seen the very accident.
She was jolly well made to pay.
She was about to leave the house.
She was on the point of leaving.
She is getting prettier and prettier.
She seems to get fatter and fatter.
She has become more and more beautiful.
She seldom, if ever, goes to bed before eleven.
She is chattering yet.
She hasn't come here yet. I am afraid she may have lost her way.
She has not come here yet.
She has not come here yet. I am afraid she may have lost her way.
She hasn't come here yet.
She did not promise to come here again.
She is not here yet.
She will be coming to see us again soon.
She's not yet heard the news.
She has broken the toaster again.
She is a mere child, you know.
She is her old self again.
She is not up yet.
She will write another book one of these days.
She changed her mind again, which made us all angry.
She hasn't turned up yet.
She's but a child.
She has not spoken to me yet.
She cannot tell the time yet.
She can't ride a bicycle yet.
She made a great discovery while yet a young student.
She may not have finished her homework.
She has not finished her homework yet.
She is yet to know the truth.
She is economically independent of her parents.
She's still dependent on her parents.
She believes her son is still alive.
She has not yet accepted his proposal.
She still loved him.
She has not yet had her name entered in her husband's family.
She hasn't cleaned her room yet.
She doesn't dare leave the room for fear she should catch cold.
She is still under age.
She hasn't come yet.
She hasn't come yet. She may have taken a wrong bus.
She still depends on her parents.
She hasn't got the knack of cooking yet.
She found herself much alone.
She did it all by herself.
She told me that the most incredible thing had just happened.
She is all nervous.
She blinked to stop the tears.
She will come to this place soon.
She will come here before long.
Before long, she came into my room.
She will leave the hospital soon.
She soon came to believe him.
It won't be long before she gets over her illness.
She will be here before long.
She will come back before long.
It will not be long before she comes back.
The job filled every minute of her day.
She talks as if he knew everything under the sun.
She talks as if she knew everything about it.
She speaks as if she had really been in France.
She looks as noble as if she were a princess.
She talks as if she knew everything.
She talks about Paris as if she had been there many times.
She talked as if she were my mother.
She looks as beautiful as if she were an actress.
She speaks as if she were a teacher.
She looked as if she had been sick for a long time.
She looked as if she had been ill.
She looks pale as if she were ill.
She speaks English as if she were a native speaker.
She looked as though she had seen a ghost.
She is a woman of singular beauty.
She saw the shabby little house, but she didn't hurry by.
She is a pretty girl to look at.
She does Mickey Mouse very well.
She lives on milk and vegetables.
She drank a cup of milk.
She is dearly loved by everybody.
She is loved by everybody.
She asked the same question of everyone in turn.
She is known to everyone.
She walked fast so as to catch up with the others.
She will have to cook for everyone.
She drives everybody up the wall.
She had a sullen look on her face.
She asked Mary to find her little boy.
She gave the children two apples each.
She's cleaning off the make-up.
She wore glasses.
She is applying the glasses.
She took off her glasses and put her contacts in.
She put off going to Mexico.
She seldom goes to that sort of place.
She seldom goes out.
She is seldom late for school.
She seldom eats breakfast.
She is rarely late for appointments.
She seldom gives way to tears.
She was baptized Mary.
She kept her eyes closed.
She has been studying French for ten years, so she ought to realize what French is.
She is having second thoughts about buying another car.
She is no longer what she was five years ago.
Is she here yet?
She is close on sixty.
She will be able to swim soon.
They say that she'll get married soon.
It's in the cards for her to buy a car soon.
She doesn't live there any more.
Has she finished the book yet?
It's all over with her.
She'll try it once more.
She tried to jump up a second time.
She felt like going to Tohoku again.
She ought to be at the office by now.
She has already left the office.
She was now out of danger.
She is out of danger.
She is already married.
Now that she has quit her job, we can't depend on her.
She has already finished the work.
Has she finished her work yet?
She's no spring chicken. She's at least thirty.
She came near being drowned.
She was close to breaking into tears.
She came close to falling off the platform.
She came near being run over.
She was almost late for school.
She is now well enough to work.
She told me once and for all that she did not want to see me again.
She knows now that he is not to be counted on.
She's old enough to know the truth.
She is already back.
She can naturally speak English.
She wanted to live a more relaxing life.
She wished for a more relaxing life, but that was impossible under the circumstances.
She's practicing English so she can get a better job.
She is after a better job.
She admonished the child to be more careful.
She is looking for a large apartment.
She asked the office, in order to obtain more detailed information.
She should listen more to other people.
She should have been more careful.
She needs to be more careful.
She is old enough to know better.
She is said to have been a model.
She is making an effort at becoming a model.
She was formerly a bank clerk.
She is herself again.
She's hyperactive.
She has a gigantic appetite.
She lacks common sense.
She had a thoughtful look on her face.
She could not put up with the insults any more.
She is no longer what she used to be.
She was kept under with morphine injections.
She left the kitchen with the kettle boiling.
She is gentle.
She is not only gentle but brave.
She will make a fond mother.
She is on a diet to lose weight.
She went on a reducing diet.
She has tried various methods of slimming down.
She buys shoes indiscriminately.
She was profuse in praises.
She is likely to come.
She finally reached the hotel.
She managed to get by the crowd in the park.
She was obliged to give up the plan.
As often as she tried, she failed.
She was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
She has a sense of humor.
She turned the doorknob slowly.
She slowly moved forward.
She closed her diary slowly.
She wore a loose jacket.
She is blessed with good sons.
She rushed home with the good news.
She came with good news.
She made a tour around Europe.
She's a frequent visitor to this country.
She talks a lot.
She cannot be relied on because she often tells lies.
She will often listen to records for hours.
She would often play tricks on me.
She pretended to be hard of hearing.
She would often come late for school.
She would cite from the Bible.
She was frequently late for school.
She works hard.
She is charming as well as diligent.
She is often mistaken for her sister.
She bore her sorrow well.
She would often play the piano after school.
She is often absent without leave.
She goes under the name of Yotchan.
She isn't used to sitting up late at night.
She relies on the lion.
She rode a camel.
She turned down the radio.
She had a radio.
She turned off the radio.
She practices English conversation by listening to the radio.
She started early in order to avoid the rush hour.
She bound her hair with a ribbon.
She had a basket full of apples.
She watched the apple trees burst into blossom.
She cut the apple in half.
She was as thin as a rail.
She gave me access to her records.
She went out of the restaurant.
She is a very correct lady.
She made many mistakes in typing the report.
Was she able to write a report?
She played cards with Roy.
She took a strong hold on the rope.
She climbed a rope hand over hand.
She paid a visit to Laurie's house.
She had only eaten a little before she left the table.
She answered with hardly a smile.
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.
She can speak Russian.
She is absorbed in rock music.
Now Marina was a romantic, she had not yet fallen into that passive state of mind which accepts that one should find a corner to live, anywhere, and then arrange one's whole life around it.
She was wearing long boots.
She is our next best pianist after Mr Long.
She went either to London or to Paris.
She went from London to Paris.
She would often go to the theater when she was in London.
She is living in London.
She took full advantage of her stay in London to improve her English.
She prefers beer to wine.
She wept over her child's death.
She had to smile at her misfortune.
She felt a pain in her side.
She purposely showed off her dress.
She cried for effect.
She deliberately ignored me on the street.
She went out of her way to do such a foolish thing.
She tried hard in vain to make both ends meet on a small salary.
She wrote the book with very little effort.
She lives on a small pension.
She sat side by side with me.
She did well by me.
She was very delighted with my gift.
She is always curious about what I am doing.
She seems to understand what I say.
She may or may not agree with us.
She lives in an apartment above us.
She felt something between love and hatred.
She was radiant with love.
She was greedy for love.
She has a charming face.
She is dead to love.
She is hungry for affection.
She is curt.
She left without even saying good-bye to her friends.
She had a bad tooth taken out.
She is mixing with the wrong crowd.
She didn't do it out of malice.
She is possessed by a devil.
She seems to be possessed by an evil spirit.
She gave me her hand to shake.
She works hard in the office for a small salary.
She installed herself in an easy chair.
She lives in comfort.
She is always complaining of her small salary.
She had an easy delivery.
She gave out a sigh of relief.
She doesn't wear the cheap stuff.
She is very afraid of the dark.
She groped for the light switch in the dark.
She came home after dark.
She has a terror of darkness.
She could not get over her fear of the dark.
She disappeared in the dark.
She's afraid of the dark.
She managed to run away under cover of darkness.
She made the same mistake as before.
She was been here before, and so have I.
She has never seen it before.
She is not the cheerful woman she was before.
She was in the habit of sitting up late at night.
She writes much better now than she used to.
She was believed to have been a film star before.
She proved to be a great musician.
She became a great artist.
With dignity she protested her innocence.
Brought up by a weak mother, she is partial to sweets.
She recovered her senses.
She was taken to hospital unconscious.
She is an obstinate girl.
She's a big teaser.
She was sitting in a chair, and she was watching TV.
She sat in a chair reading a magazine.
Sitting on the chair, she listened to me.
She flung her coat on the chair and stormed into the room.
She feels very shy in the presence of the opposite sex.
She died of stomach cancer.
She is going to have another blouse made to go with her costume.
She makes careful choices when she buys clothes.
She went to America with a view to studying medicine.
She went to Germany to study medicine.
She was a medical student.
She is a doctor and also an alpinist.
Is she a doctor?
Isn't she a doctor?
She is not a doctor, but a teacher.
She became a doctor.
She will become a doctor.
She was trained as a doctor.
She decided to be a doctor.
She had an appointment with the doctor.
She is well brought up.
She looked after my dog for a month.
She has worn the same hat for a month.
She supports her family.
There's more to her than you think. She may seem pretty meek on first glance, but I get the sense she can get things done when she needs to.
She is apparently an honest woman.
She is, in a word, a dreamer.
She left the room without saying a word.
She couldn't utter a word.
She has a faculty for doing two things at once.
She was made to wait for over an hour.
She will get well in a week.
She was rapt in prayer.
She likes to be on her own.
She lives in an apartment alone.
She came alone.
She lives in this house by herself.
She carried that table by herself.
She is incapable of doing anything alone.
She is not old enough to travel abroad by herself.
She likes to go walking by herself.
She decided to go shopping by herself.
She mourned over the death of her only son.
She is used to living alone.
She was afraid to travel alone.
She hid the secret from her husband all her life.
She brought up nine children in her life.
She devoted her life to education.
She spent her life in pursuit of the truth.
She continued studying all her life.
She explained about this goods hard.
She ran as fast as she could.
She made up for lost time by working hard.
Although she studied hard, she did not succeed in the examination.
She tried hard and she failed.
She was hard at work writing letters.
She worked hard.
She attained her success through hard work.
She is hard at work.
She worked hard, only to fail the examination.
She has to study hard and catch up with everybody in her class.
She must have studied very hard.
She had to study hard to catch up with her classmates.
She passed the examination by working hard.
She remained unmarried until death.
She remained single all her life.
I don't know what's got into her.
How did she ever pass the test?
She has visited New York once.
She has never been asked for a date.
She had never mingled in the society of women.
She has never fallen in love.
She goes to the dentist every other day.
She goes to the library every other day.
She indulges in tennis all the day.
The girl did nothing but read all day.
She remained silent all day.
She kept silent all day.
She is a good teacher, as teachers go.
She cried throughout the night.
She kept crying all night.
She kept crying all night long.
She read the book all night.
She lay awake all night.
She picked out the most expensive dress.
She made her way to the goal step by step.
She handed me a postcard.
She was chosen from ten thousand applicants.
She fell in love with him at first sight.
She saw at a glance that her daughter had been crying.
She suddenly became famous.
She screamed at the flash of lightning.
She announced her intention to retire.
She put some money away every month for her retirement.
She abandoned herself to drinking.
She took no pleasure in eating or drinking.
She went to school in spite of the pain in her right leg.
She got burnt in the right hand.
She is secretary to Mr Uda.
She has known better days.
She walked on and on in the rain.
She is often late for school on a rainy day.
She is incapable of deceit.
She accused me of telling a lie.
She scorns liars.
She tried to investigate the truth about the rumor.
She is a confirmed gossip.
She is very fond of gossip.
She resented his remarks about her poor driving.
She's too young to get a driver's license.
She wants to get a driver's license.
She had no choice but to accept her fate.
She tried to swim.
She is a good swimmer.
She boasts that she can swim well.
She doesn't know how to swim.
She went there to swim.
She is good at swimming.
She can't swim.
She can't swim and neither can I.
She is good at speaking English.
She praised me, saying my English had improved by leaps and bounds.
She is at home in English.
She directed her efforts at learning to speak English.
Not only can she speak French, she can also speak English.
She can speak Spanish as well as English.
She can speak not only English but also French.
In addition to English, she speaks French fluently.
She speaks not only English but also French.
She got marks for English.
She got good grades in English.
She got good marks in English.
She can write a letter in English.
She keeps her diary in English.
She speaks English, and French as well.
She can speak both English and German.
She is capable of teaching both English and French.
She is fluent in English and French.
She was at home in English.
She is quite at home in English.
She takes a great interest in English.
She is excellent in English.
She really showed her stuff in the English speech contest.
She has a rich vocabulary of English words.
She had an oral examination in English.
She took an examination in English.
She availed herself of every opportunity to improve her English.
She is married to an English teacher, so she can take lessons free of charge.
She acquired the knowledge of English.
She gets good marks in English.
She is busy learning English.
She is making progress with her English.
She can speak French, to say nothing of English.
Not only does she speak English, but also German.
She speaks German and French, not to mention English.
She speaks Spanish, not to mention English.
She can speak French fluently, not to mention English.
She can speak French and German, not to speak of English.
She speaks both English and French.
She can speak English very naturally.
She speaks English very well.
She studied abroad in order to brush up her English.
She gives instruction in English.
She has great ability in teaching English.
She speaks good English.
She studies English.
She got into the university with a view to studying English.
She studies English every day.
She speaks English and also speaks Swahili.
Does she speak English?
She flatters herself that she is the best speaker of English.
She can't speak English, much less French.
She is a British citizen but her native land is France.
She went to America for the purpose of studying English literature.
She is a lady of business acumen.
She takes a taxi from the station to her house.
She waited for her lover at the station.
She hurried to the station only to miss the train.
She was reading a gardening manual.
She is reading a manual on gardening.
She refused my offer to help her.
She was anxious for help.
She has a genius for acting.
She is excellent at making speeches.
She made references to World War II in her speech.
She wore a blue dress made by her mother for the concert.
She stopped to smoke.
She heard a dog barking in the distance.
She caught sight of a rowing boat in the distance.
She didn't go far.
She drew a circle on a piece of paper with a pencil.
She didn't have any pencils.
She discovered that she had run out of salt.
She put the dirty dishes in the sink.
She wanted to wash the dirty clothes.
She has a clean heart.
She lives in Yokohama.
She dreamed that she was a princess.
She climbed down from the roof.
She would often practice the violin on the roof.
She boldly went up to the king.
She resented being called a coward.
She is a quiet woman.
She spoke in mild accents.
She likes music very much.
She understands music.
She has a love of music.
She seemed to be very keen on music.
She excels her class in music.
She devoted her life to music.
She is interested in music.
She has her heart in music.
She finds an everlasting enjoyment in music.
She has a great interest in music.
She's sitting as if charmed by the music.
She has a great faculty for music.
She has a genius for music.
Her musical talent was indifferent.
She regretted not having gone into music.
She went to Italy to study music.
She went to Austria for the purpose of studying music.
She wants to go abroad so that she can study music.
She went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
She always studies listening to music.
She had a passionate interest in music.
She was listening to music.
She began to derive further pleasure from listening to music.
She likes to listen to music.
She went to Paris to study music.
She went to France in order to study music.
She went to Germany for the purpose of studying music.
She made her first appearance as a musician.
She married a musician.
She did not arrive until the concert was over.
She enjoyed herself at the concert.
She devoted her time to the study of music.
She went to Italy with a view to studying music.
She was born and brought up on the backstreets.
She wears a lot of makeup.
She is putting on some face lotion.
She felt something touch her neck.
What is she so unhappy about?
She quit her job for some reason.
She resembles her mother in every respect.
She acted as if she didn't care what happened.
She refused to speak of what had happened.
Does she have a hobby?
She seems to know something important.
She asked me if anything was the matter.
She is acting from some selfish motive.
How she talks!
She thinks of everything in terms of money.
She may well be said to think of everything in terms of money.
She must have everything her own way.
It seems to me that she knows everything.
She believes whatever he says.
She talks everything over with her parents.
She's such a lovely girl!
What do you think she said?
She is curious about anything.
She finds fault with everything and everyone.
She drove my car without so much as asking.
She acted as if she knew nothing.
She'll sit there for hours without doing anything.
She was restless because she did not have anything to do.
She spoke as though nothing had happened.
She signed to me to say nothing.
She denied that she had stolen anything.
She likes reading better than anything else.
What's eating her?
What do you think she is going to do?
She was at a loss as to what to do.
She was deliberate in everything she did.
What is she so curious about?
What is she about?
What does she have?
I wonder what's on her mind.
What is she worried about?
She had to use her dictionary many times.
How old do you think she is?
She gives the impression of not caring much about anything.
She is honest in all she does.
She is quick at everything.
She doesn't like to leave anything unfinished.
She waited for him for hours.
She listened to music for hours.
She waited for hours and hours.
She tried several times but failed.
She practiced playing the piano again and again.
She called me many a time.
Though she repeated that she was a college student, I could not bring myself to believe it.
She repeated over and over that she was innocent of the crime.
She has suffered his ill treatment of her in silence for years.
She has been dyeing her hair black for years.
She's been cheating on her husband for years.
She has hundreds of books.
How many pens does she have?
She saw play after play.
She greeted Mr Kato with a smile.
She came up with a possible solution.
She doesn't always take a trip to France in summer.
She changed her hairstyle during summer vacation.
She can hardly wait for the summer vacation.
She has been ill since about summer.
She doesn't speak Japanese at home.
She's at home taking care of the kids.
She has lunch at home.
She is not home, but at school.
Is she at home?
I do not think that she is at home.
She is happiest when she is at home.
She had an air conditioner installed in her house.
She went home.
She thought of her cat left behind at home.
She apologized to his father for coming home late.
She spoke for the homeless.
She was getting ready for leaving home.
She has put her house up for sale.
She has let her house furnished.
She's at a loss how to make ends meet.
She wore a plain blue dress.
She was occupied with household work.
She has a great interest in house keeping.
She went about the household chores.
Not only does she keep house, but she teaches at school.
She studies hygiene as part of her domestic science course.
She boasts of her family.
She worked hard in behalf of her family.
She prepares wholesome meals for her family.
She worked on behalf of her family.
She likes to cook for her family.
She went to New York, leaving her family behind.
She agreed that she would pay half the rent.
She seems to be laboring under the family handicap.
She is said to be a domestic woman.
She is weakest at science.
She wrote on gender bias in science.
She is ignorant of even the simplest facts about science.
She is ignorant of even the simplest fact about science.
She devoted her life to the study of science.
Her free time goes in playing golf.
She gives most of her spare time to playing the piano.
She doesn't seem to know what to do with her leisure time.
She began to sing.
She sings well.
Is she singing a song or playing the piano?
She stopped singing the song.
She is not so much a singer as an actress.
She is a poor excuse for a singer.
She was trained as a singer.
Is she valued highly as a singer?
She is booming as a singer.
Her success as a singer made her famous.
She made a name for herself as a singer.
She is famous as a singer.
She is noted as a singer.
She is not so much a singer as a comedian.
She is nothing but a singer.
She became a singer.
She has an extremely expressive singing voice.
She warmed herself by the fire.
She spends as much money as she earns.
She was carrying a basket full of flowers.
She says that she likes flowers.
She is very fond of flowers.
She tried to bring the flowers into focus.
The flowers cheered her up.
She is watering the flowers.
She arranged the flowers beautifully.
She likes to arrange flowers.
She picked flowers.
She is dressed like a bride.
She had her baggage carried to the airport.
She is delicately constituted.
She addressed herself to the chairperson.
She worked to excess.
She was worn out from overwork.
She was always pulling my leg when we worked together.
She implied that she would like to come with us.
She called out to us for help.
She took advantage of our hospitality and stayed a whole month without paying us anything.
She didn't come to help, but to hinder us.
She lives just across from us.
She likes to talk in our presence.
She reluctantly agreed to our proposal.
She acceded to our demands.
I went there to see her.
She tells her tale of misery to everyone she meets.
She explained that she couldn't attend the meeting.
She decided not to attend the meeting.
She kept from talking during the meeting.
She telephoned him that she couldn't attend the meeting.
She is known as auntie at the office.
There was a pink slip waiting for her at the office.
She investigated the company's output record carefully.
She wanted a better job than cleaning office floors.
She gained a position of responsibility in the firm.
She'd better bone up on company policy.
She quit the company.
She is determined to leave the company.
She is engaged in social work.
She happily granted my request.
She willingly acceded to my request.
She abandoned herself to pleasure.
She is bright, friendly, kind, and considerate. In brief, she is a good person.
She is loved by everybody because she is cheerful.
She indulged herself in nostalgic memories.
She grew up near the sea, yet she hates swimming.
She stood looking out toward the sea.
She reaped a rich harvest from her study abroad.
She spends a lot of money when she goes abroad.
She is anxious to go abroad.
She has never gone abroad.
She has been invited to sing in a choir in a foreign country.
She is living abroad.
She has a cottage by the sea.
She is loved by everyone.
She is liked by everyone.
She has a good hand for painting.
She posed for a drawing.
She's got a good eye for paintings.
She looked at the picture.
She is drawing a picture.
She is fond of painting a picture.
She went down the stairs in a hurry.
She dashed downstairs.
She went down the stairs.
She was coming down the stairs.
She is not as young as she looks.
She had never dreamed of meeting him abroad.
She speaks English with a foreign accent.
She has gone abroad.
She talked long of her experiences abroad.
She is keen to go abroad.
She was a foreigner and was treated as such.
She is married to a foreigner.
She has no chances of coming in contact with foreigners.
She drives an imported car.
She went out.
She was on the point of going out.
She put on her hat to go out.
She prefers staying home to going out.
She put on her overcoat before going out.
She's allergic to going out.
Every time she coughed, she felt a great deal of pain.
She was graded up.
She may be cute, but I don't like her.
She does know it.
She turned to the left at the corner.
She gave me a bag made of leather.
She made friends with them at the school festival.
She was noted for her good looks at school.
She is studying fine art at school.
She recollected the first day when she went to school.
She was late to school.
She bought a bicycle in order to go to school.
She goes to school.
She lives within a stone's throw of the school.
It seems that she lives in the neighborhood of the school.
She cannot have done well at school.
She is an honor to our school.
She dislikes going to school.
She was on her way to school.
She dropped out of school.
She showed me a picture of her mother as a schoolgirl.
She talked about her school life.
She put on high airs with her learning, and she was not popular.
She is a scholar and poet.
She is highly reputed not only as a scholar but also as a poet.
She fell fast asleep over a study aid.
She is a student.
She instructs students in English.
She grounded her students thoroughly in English grammar.
She pretended to be a student.
She is very popular among the students.
She boards students.
She earns money by taking in students.
She looked back on her school days.
She is apprehensive of failure in the finals.
She has a love of learning.
She has a delightful sense of humor.
She dreamed a pleasant dream.
She sang happily.
She performed this trick with ease.
She did the work without any difficulty.
She wrinkled her brows.
She has him at her beck and call.
She gathered the pieces of the broken dish.
She is a fluent speaker of English.
She reached for the bag.
She had her bag snatched.
She's leading a happy life with her husband near the sea in Kamakura.
Because she was cold, she turned on the stove.
She was shivering with cold.
She shuddered with cold.
She was wearing a thick coat against the chill.
Her mind is broad enough to listen to his son.
She wept with emotion.
Her voice broke with emotion.
She made that offer by way of thanks.
Her emotion was too strong for words.
She couldn't suppress her emotions.
She was moved to tears.
She is partial to sweets.
You could say she has a sweet tooth.
She wears a sweet perfume.
She tasted the cake to see if it was sweet enough.
She may be a nurse. I am not sure.
She is a nurse.
She is not a nurse, but a doctor.
She said she was nurse, which was a lie.
She was impressed with the altruistic service of nurses.
She is qualified as a nurse.
She wore a simple dress.
She did the job with ease.
She finished the job with ease.
She passed the examination with ease.
She's a good photographer because she's so observant.
Can she come in time?
She will get over the shock soon.
She was unconscious of her mistake.
She acknowledged having made a mistake.
She dialed the wrong number.
She is in the wrong.
She put salt into her coffee by mistake.
She didn't seem interested.
She talked about the people and things that interested her.
She looks indifferent but deep down she's very pleased.
She has a round face.
She glared at me with angry eyes.
She persists in her belief.
She resembles her mother in face.
She turned away and began to cry.
She continued sobbing without looking up.
A blush came over her face.
She looks pale. She may have been Ill.
She takes after her mother in looks.
She was within an ace of saying "I don't know".
She came near to drowning.
She almost drowned.
She provided for an urgency.
She thought no harm.
She may not be aware of the danger.
She showed her courage in the face of danger.
She is beside herself with joy.
Her heart was filled with joy.
She was full of joy.
She fairly jumped for joy.
One moment she was happy, the next she was sad.
She is willing to do anything for me.
She was only too glad to help us.
She danced with joy.
She gladly accepted his proposal.
She is not less beautiful than her sister.
She came out with some strange tunings.
She had a strange hat on.
She dreamed a strange dream.
She looks unhappy.
She looks happy.
She found her purse under the desk.
She removed the papers from the desk.
It seemed that she had already received the money.
She knew the story already.
Expectation caused her to be flushed with excitement.
She's working on a term paper.
She achieved remarkable results.
She took full advantage of the opportunity.
She is in a bad mood.
She is in a temper, because she missed her usual train in the subway and had to walk to work.
She was in a bad mood; she must have been put off by something that had happened before I arrived.
She showed a great deal of wit in handling the delicate question.
She could not find her way back.
She scolded her daughter for coming home too late.
She was robbed of her money on her way home.
She is aggressive.
A quick temper is the only defect in her character.
It appears that she might change her mind.
She has a friendly appearance.
She passed right by me without noticing.
She was in a sad state.
She struck me as a tactful girl.
She fainted but came to after a few minutes.
She fainted but came to in about minutes.
She fell down senseless on the floor.
She pulled herself together and started to talk again.
She is a girl full of sentiment.
She almost passed out.
It is difficult for us to get along with her, because she is hard to please.
She looks bad-tempered, but she is kind at heart.
She felt sick and sank to the ground.
She's good at getting around rules.
She looked at the picture to refresh her memory.
She looked puzzled at the abrupt question posed by a reporter.
She is a lady and expects to be treated as such.
She bore the air of a lady.
She got up late.
She dreaded having to tell him what had happened.
She had bright black eyes.
She was driven to stealing by hunger.
She regarded me suspiciously.
She performed her duties.
She was named as chairman.
She argues for the sake of arguing.
She has a bad habit of smoking.
She was prohibited from smoking.
She put her room in order before her guests arrived.
She cleaned her room before her guests arrived.
She showed the visitor her baby.
She is careful about the way she receives guests.
She gave her guests a hearty reception.
She stood on her head.
She was out of breath from walking up and down hills.
She was taken ill on holiday.
She was taken ill on holiday and had to find a doctor.
She is impatient for her holidays.
She spent a good deal of money on her vacation.
She came over to France for a holiday.
She is now on vacation.
She will often go shopping on holidays.
She talked her husband into having a holiday in France.
She guided me to the palace.
She hastened to deny the story.
She quickly went up the stairs.
She came around to my house.
She came hurrying to his bedside.
She cleaned her room in a hurry.
She is apt to fits of depression.
She could not help bursting into tears.
She broke away crying.
She suddenly burst in on our conversation.
She burst into laughter.
She flared up with anger.
She was aging quickly.
Her proficiency in English rapidly improved.
She cried.
Her eyes were red from crying.
She made her crying baby drink some milk.
She kissed away the boy's tears.
She does nothing but cry.
She was watching the film with her eyes red in tears.
She tried in vain not to cry.
She tried not to cry.
She choked her utterance with sobs.
She felt like crying.
In tears, she tore up his letter and threw it away.
She is calm now; she has stopped crying.
She began crying.
She kept on crying.
She steeled herself not to cry.
She invited two of her classmates - Jane and Mary.
She gets a high salary.
As soon as she got her salary, she spent it all.
She can't do without milk.
She got married last year.
She graduated from high school last year.
She first came into contact with Japanese culture last year.
She was out of Japan last year.
She married him last year.
She hung a little Picasso on the wall of the drawing room.
She hates fish and never eats any.
She's only interested in fish and cockroaches.
She fried fish in salad oil.
She visited not only Kyoto but also Nara.
She will visit her uncle in Kyoto next week.
She went to Kyoto, didn't she?
She was from Kyoto, as was evident from her accent.
She ran second.
She was none the worse for drinking spirits.
She's a woman of strong character.
She had her hat blown off by the strong wind.
She is obstinate.
She forced me to go out with her.
She was dumb with fear.
She was afraid to pass through the woods.
She was scared to cross the road.
She looked away terrified.
Her hair stood on end at the sight of the horrible accident.
She trembled with fear.
She was trembling with fear.
She threw her arms around him in horror.
She was pale with fear.
She went crazy with fear.
She fainted with fear.
She screamed with terror.
Fear fell upon her.
She turned pale with fear.
She looks pale with fear.
She uttered a scream of terror.
She earns her living by teaching.
She adapted her teaching method to slow learners.
She emphasized the importance of education.
She sat beside me in church.
She will be a teacher.
She isn't cut out for teaching.
She looks like a teacher.
She was standing in the front of the classroom.
She went into teaching.
She wants to engage in teaching.
She committed suicide by jumping off the bridge.
Her viewpoint is limited.
He put his hand on his heart.
She felt her heart turn over in her chest.
She read the letter with her heart beating fast.
She heaved her chest.
Aside from fright she was not injured.
She looked excited.
She jumped about in excitement.
She turned over the page with excitement.
She saw herself in the mirror.
She smiled at herself in the mirror.
She was brushing her hair in front of a mirror.
She stopped before the mirror to admire herself.
She stood before the mirror.
She looked at herself in the mirror.
She forgave me for breaking her mirror.
She looked stupefied in amazement.
She was astonishingly beautiful.
She told me the story in confidence.
She's accounted diligent.
She has a well-proportioned figure.
She broke herself of the habit of smoking.
She wants to extend the no-smoking area.
She is going to learn how to drive.
She keeps him at arm's length these days.
She has put on weight recently.
She was different from most women in the neighborhood, for she was able to read and write.
She shops at a local grocer.
She fell into conversation with her neighbors.
She attracted all the young men in the neighborhood.
She took a typical example of modern music.
Her lack of money kept her from going with me.
She thinks money and happiness are the same.
She is badly off.
She buys what she wants regardless of the cost.
She had an unnatural desire for money.
She only worked for the sake of money.
She refused to take the money.
She tried to touch the golden crane.
She knows the art of making money.
She liked throwing her money about.
She paid to attend the concert.
She is not rich enough to waste money.
She is rich, but he is twice as rich.
She is rich but he is poor.
Rich as she is, she is not happy.
It is said that she is rich.
She is said to have been rich.
She must have been rich.
She is rich, and what is better, very beautiful.
She is a wealthy woman.
For all her riches, she's not happy.
She seems rich.
She taught rich Indian girls.
She was brought up in a rich family.
She married a rich merchant.
She was married to a rich man.
She married a rich old man.
She screamed and fainted.
She is a blonde girl.
She was a girl with golden hair.
She thinks of nothing but making money.
She is always thinking of moneymaking schemes.
She covers Wall Street.
She drew out the money from the bank.
She intended to withdraw all her savings from the bank.
She continued her job in the bank.
She works in a bank.
She married a bank clerk.
She got on the subway at Ginza.
She is away in Kyushu.
She screamed in agony.
She had no difficulty in learning the poem by heart.
She was racked with pain.
Her hair grayed with suffering.
She must have been sick.
She parked her car in a vacant lot.
She looked up at the sky.
She was hungry enough to eat anything.
She spends a lot of money on shoes.
She laced her shoes.
She had her shoes shined.
She manages a shoe store.
She mended her socks.
She bought two pairs of socks.
She froze at the sight of the bear.
She is not what you think she is.
She is not what you suppose her to be.
She left here long before you arrived.
She is almost as tall as you.
She is as tall as you.
Did she show you the picture?
She has three times as many dictionaries as you do.
She knows your mother very well.
She did so for her own sake, not for your sake.
She will be a good companion for you.
She has anxiety for your safety.
She is anxious about your health.
She is contemptuous of your ambition.
She has not so much patience as you.
She is two years older than you.
Does she know you?
She visited her husband in prison.
She said to her brother, "I will tell on you."
She adores her elder brother.
She works as hard as her siblings.
She absented herself from the lesson.
She majored in economics.
She directed the planning of the project.
She altered her plans.
I think she is withholding information from the police.
She was arrested by the police.
She asked the police for protection.
She inquired directions from the policeman.
She bought chicken.
Overwork caused her to be absent from work for a week.
She cried and cried, but no one came to comfort her.
She was beside herself with rage.
She was fired on the grounds that she was often absent.
She is none the less beautiful for her faults.
I cannot help loving her in spite of her many faults.
She would by no means tell a lie.
She protested to me that she had never done such a thing.
She is by no means stupid.
She is by no means selfish.
She is proud of never having been late for school.
She is never late for school.
She is no stranger to me.
She was by no means happy.
She is far from honest.
She is by no means angelic.
She can never keep a secret.
She is by no means beautiful.
She is no ordinary student.
She is by no means polite.
She was satisfied with the result.
She did not turn up after all.
She didn't telephone after all.
She went back to England in the end.
She didn't buy the ticket after all.
She ended up getting married to him.
She didn't come after all.
She is disposed to get married.
I wonder if she is married.
She will be happy when she gets engaged.
Is she married?
She isn't married.
She went to college after she got married.
Her marriage brought happiness to her parents.
I have half a mind to marry her.
She's not the marrying type.
She is too young to marry.
She is not about to get married.
She refuses to abandon her career for marriage.
She is dependent on her parents even after her marriage.
She was a bridesmaid at the wedding.
She was dressed all in white for the wedding.
She blames me for the fact that our married life isn't going well.
She was a Smith before her marriage.
She was a Brown before her marriage.
She felt faint at the sight of blood.
She fainted when she saw blood.
She turned away in horror at the sight of blood.
She writes to her pen pal in London twice a month.
She writes to me once a month.
She turned off the lights so she could enjoy the moonlight.
She doesn't get paid by the month, but by the day.
She gave birth on Monday to her first child.
She could not help thinking that health is important.
She is really in good health.
She was bursting with health.
She gave birth to a healthy baby.
She moved to a warmer place for the sake of her health.
She worked at the cost of her health.
She quit school for health reasons.
She is concerned with health foods.
She sat on a hard chair.
She married Hiroshi against her will.
She is just started for your house.
She was busy doing her hair.
She banged the table with her fist.
She is much afraid of dogs.
She takes a walk with her dog.
She forgot to feed her dog.
She can drive a car.
She is very much afraid of dogs.
She made a face when she saw a dog.
She will take her dog to the river.
She is afraid of dogs.
She went out with her dog.
She waited on her sick father hand and foot.
She is deep in study.
She is absorbed in her study.
She was not in the mood for serious books.
She was breathing hard.
She gave a shrug of the shoulders.
She quickly put the money out of sight.
She is persistent though she doesn't look so.
She is much cleverer than she looks.
She spoke English to me just to show off.
She came in through the back door lest she be seen.
She's just putting up a front.
She is fond of display.
She is open to people who have a different point of view.
She started talking with a stranger.
She was conscious of being stared at by a stranger.
She was too wise not to understand what you meant.
She is wise and you are no less so.
She had the wisdom to follow the custom.
She put the key in her pocket.
She's getting on all right.
She went on picnic in spirits.
She got on a bus for Harajuku.
She swept the dirt from the porch.
She had left the front door unlocked.
She failed to appear.
She is quite satisfied with her life as it is.
She is in conference now.
She is among the best artists of today.
She pretended illness as an excuse.
She studies literature as well as language.
Words failed her.
She is rough in speech.
She has a strong personality.
She's an individualist.
She had an individual style of speaking.
She turned her old dress into a skirt.
She wanted to replace her old vase with a new one.
She sat on a bench, humming an old melody in a low voice.
She took off her old shoes and put on the new ones.
She is ashamed of her old clothes.
She turned against her old friend.
She left the old newspapers lying in a heap.
She is a woman with a classical education.
She was called away to the party.
She pressed her lips together and willed herself not to cry.
She led a solitary life.
She pushed the door shut.
She tried to open the door, which she found impossible.
She bolted the doors and windows.
She told me a wrong address on purpose.
She broke the window on purpose.
She ached for home.
She was watching the dead leaves falling.
She seems to be living by the lake.
She had not been employed two months when her ability was recognized.
She is five years old.
She will be back at five.
She practices the piano in the afternoon or in the evening.
She was occupied in cooking all afternoon.
She called me in the afternoon.
She has to go shopping in the afternoon.
She got up at seven in the morning.
She was there all morning.
She was there in the morning.
She studied English in the morning.
She says she will call you later.
She added, as an afterthought, that she was going to do some shopping.
She may realize later on what I meant.
She looked behind.
When she said "I missed you" she began to cry.
She dropped lemon juice into her tea.
She broke a vase by mistake.
She took night classes in the science of self-defense.
She was injured in the traffic accident.
She lost her memory in a traffic accident.
She was none the worse for the traffic accident.
She was late because of the heavy traffic.
She ran across her old friend while walking in the park.
She is a chatterbox.
She pressed her lips firmly together.
There was much lipstick on her lips.
She was beside herself with anger after the argument.
She seems to be having a good feed over there.
She's looking the other way.
She likes to eat fresh raw vegetables.
She did so out of curiosity.
She has begun to play tennis not so much out of curiosity as out of vanity.
She was so curious that she opened the box.
She made nothing of her opportunities.
Luckily she won a scholarship.
She seems to have been happy.
She says that she is happy.
She is happy.
I don't think she is happy.
She had a happy childhood.
She must be on cloud nine.
It seems that she's happy.
She had the good fortune to get into the school she wanted to.
She seems to be happy.
There was a happy twinkle in her eyes.
She said that she had been happy.
She became happy.
She is babbling with happiness.
She was dropped from the height of happiness into the depth of misery.
She lives in a large house.
She swam across the wide river.
She is widely known.
She left her room in haste.
She squeezed a lemon for tea.
She ordered a cup of tea.
She bought a tea set.
She decided not to go.
She wanted to go, and her father let her go.
She did not want to go, but her father made her go.
She was in a position to decide where to go.
She took a book at random from the shelf.
She deliberated over whether to go or stay.
She had a choice of going or remaining.
She was asked to go, and she left accordingly.
She decided to go.
She has gone out.
She has gone, I feel like crying.
She has gone, but I still love her.
She is quite decent in conduct.
She is honest in deeds and in words.
She is active.
She went into the woods in search of her lost child.
She was absent from lectures.
She has many friends in Hong Kong.
She was too heavy on the perfume.
She can jump high.
Though she did not wear expensive clothes, she was neatly dressed.
She is wearing a valuable ring.
She is wearing an expensive necklace.
She didn't factor the high cost of repairs into the budget.
She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
She is a woman of noble birth.
She has expensive tastes in cars.
She has changed a lot since high school.
She was good at mathematics in high school.
She was shy in her high school days.
"Was she a high school student?" "Yes, she was."
She went to Takasu clinic.
She is a high-liver.
She gave me a haughty look and walked away.
She was dressed in rich silks.
She laid down her life for her country.
She has traveled in foreign parts.
She is going to have an international marriage.
She has international renown as a painter.
She is recognized as the best figure-skater in the country.
She was dressed in black.
She was dressed all in black.
She is very becoming in a black party dress.
She was frightened to see the black cat.
She girded her waist with a belt.
She is wearing a leather belt around her waist.
She bent down.
She sat down and crossed her legs.
She has a great love for antique goods.
She is seeing a Kabuki play now.
She is at work right now.
She is said to be in hospital now.
She is busy preparing supper now.
She is now staying at her uncle's house.
She is rather cross now.
She is in the bloom of youth.
She is having coffee now.
She may be waiting at the station now.
I think she's probably waiting at the station now.
She should have arrived home by now.
She isn't lonely now.
She won't come just yet.
She's hard at it now.
She is now involved in tennis.
She is better off than she was when I met her last.
She's married and settled down now.
She is now an utter stranger to me.
She is now well enough to wash her hair by herself.
Does she still want to take part in the party?
She still alleges innocence.
Where does she live now?
She was on the verge of crying.
She was on verge of fainting.
She is being quiet for the moment.
She is all right at the moment.
She is practicing the violin now.
She is wearing a nice dress now.
She lives in comfort now.
She is in her hotel now.
She has always been at the head of her class.
She looked more beautiful than ever.
She had never seen New York before.
She has as fine a figure as I have ever seen.
She is as beautiful a model as I have ever seen.
She's still active in the front lines.
Now she is out of my reach.
What do you figure she is doing now?
She knows what to do now.
She may not be at home now.
She's not at home now.
She left home just now.
She is forbidden to go out.
She is out now.
She is working hard this semester.
She is now in danger.
She is now in a low frame of mind.
She is coming home at the end of this month.
She is going to have a baby this month.
I'm sure she has got to the village by this time.
She will be in Paris by now.
She is writing a letter now.
She is doing her homework now.
She is now in the prime of womanhood.
She isn't running.
She is now making coffee in the kitchen.
She took a walk with her father this morning.
She will be seventeen years old next February.
She'll be staying at the Royal Hotel next Tuesday.
I'm sure that she'll make good in the new job.
She will return home next Sunday, that is, the tenth.
She leaves for New York next Sunday.
She asked me if I would be free next Sunday.
She fell into a trap in her turn.
She brought his lunch today.
She did two washes today.
Is she any better today?
Will she be able to finish it today?
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon.
She is heaps better today.
She feels bad today.
She appears well today.
She is wearing a white dress today.
She put up the new curtains today.
I have an idea she will come today.
She is in hospital now.
Is she going to go to America this year?
She will have been married for six years on June 10th of this year.
She is appearing on TV tonight.
She is busy at present and can't speak to you.
She is leaving for America tonight.
She may not come to the party tonight.
She has to change clothes before tonight's party.
She is giving a party tonight.
She is off duty tonight.
She is well off now.
She seems to be in trouble. Tell her what to do.
She could always call her parents when she was in a crunch.
She asked me for help when she was in trouble.
She was always ready to help people in trouble.
She was always willing to help people in trouble.
She's die-hard coffee drinker.
She has an innate love of adventure.
She writes with her left hand.
A blister rose on one of her left fingers.
She wore a diamond ring on her left third finger.
She got her left hand burned.
She refused to drink a cup of coffee with a lot of sugar.
She mistook the sugar for salt.
She is guilty of fraud.
She sat gazing out of the window.
She sat and smoked.
She is accustomed to sitting.
She showed them how to fasten their seat belts.
She made up her mind to try again.
She is afraid of falling ill again.
She went to apply for a replacement.
Her health seems to have improved considerably of late.
She knows much about recent fashions.
She tries to keep abreast of the latest fashions.
She is singing the latest popular songs.
She was tying one on far too often lately.
She has recently made remarkable progress in English.
She's been feeling a little on edge recently.
She came last.
No doubt she will win in the end.
She ended up a movie star.
She relied on the medicine as a last resort.
She is thinking of suing as a last resort.
She endured to the bitter end.
She likes nothing but the best.
She seems to be nervous about her first class.
She had a daughter by her first husband.
She didn't like the horse at first.
She tried to keep abreast of the latest fashions.
She is as clever as she is beautiful.
She is far from being richly gifted.
She displayed her talents.
She is a gifted artist.
She was looking at the fine snow falling on the lake.
She can sew very well.
She committed a crime.
She protested that she had not committed the crime.
She was unhappy for all her wealth.
She was none the happier for her great wealth.
For all her wealth, she does not look happy.
She kept a tight rein on the purse strings.
She was robbed of her purse.
She earns a living as a writer.
She is excellent in composition.
She set out on a trip last week.
She had nothing to do yesterday.
Did she write in her diary yesterday?
She gave him the elbow yesterday.
She went to the hospital yesterday.
She celebrated her fifteenth birthday yesterday.
She visited at her aunt's yesterday.
She has been busy since yesterday.
She killed herself yesterday.
She went there yesterday.
She had a blue dress on at the party yesterday.
She didn't show up at the party yesterday.
She died yesterday afternoon.
She did not show up at the party yesterday.
She is far better today than yesterday.
She left for London yesterday.
She played tennis all day yesterday.
She practiced her English pronunciation yesterday.
She came to see us yesterday.
She started for Kyoto yesterday.
She must have finished the work yesterday.
She was slightly better yesterday.
She got a new CD player yesterday.
She left for Osaka yesterday.
She didn't visit anybody.
She seems to have left for Tokyo yesterday.
She left Tokyo for New York yesterday.
She didn't go shopping yesterday, did she?
She said she was sick yesterday, which was not true.
She had her hat blown off yesterday.
She bought some vegetables yesterday.
She entered this school last year.
She learned to ride a bicycle last year.
She traveled around the world last year.
She was born last year.
She had one misfortune after another last year.
She left the stage last year.
She seems to have slept badly last night.
She cooked us Chinese dishes last night.
She called me up very late last night.
She cooked vegetable soup last night.
She was robbed of her jewels last night.
She caught a cold last night.
She called me at an unearthly hour last night.
She passed away peacefully last night.
She tried to kill herself last night.
She sat up late last night.
She should have arrived late last night.
The story goes that she was murdered.
She ran for her life to get away from the killer.
She should be charged with murder.
She glanced through the magazine.
It took her more than three months to read through the magazine.
She is willing to do odd jobs.
She took some meat from the plate.
She washed the dishes and she dried them.
She didn't want to wash the dishes, but she made the best of it.
She employed herself in washing the dishes.
She is years old and in the prime of life.
She is devoted to her three children.
She left home after three days.
She originated a new way of playing jazz on the shamisen.
She may have left her umbrella on the bus.
She has left her umbrella behind.
She shut an umbrella and began to run.
She was condemned to lead a miserable life.
She was in the mood for a walk.
She went out for a walk.
Go out of the room at once.
She died for lack of air.
She was eased of her duties.
It seems that she is not pleased with the job.
She gave a sigh of relief when the work was done.
She left the office immediately after work.
She is very exact in her job.
She's busy with her work.
She said that her job gave her a sense of identity.
She lost interest in her work.
She's at work, isn't she?
She's hard at it.
She shows a very positive attitude to her work.
She was engrossed in her work.
She was absorbed in her work.
Asked about her job, she said, "My job is too complicated to sum up in a word."
She said no more work.
She felt a sigh of relief when she got the work done.
She decided to resign her job.
They say that she quit her job.
Having done the work, she has nothing to do.
She proceeded with the work.
She went on with the work.
She takes great pleasure in her work.
She eats sliced raw fish.
She left home early in the morning for fear that she would miss the first train.
She was filled with grief at the news of her sister's death.
She wears the same kinds of clothes as her sister.
She is no less beautiful than her sister.
She is different from her sister in every way.
She is no less beautiful than her older sister.
She is no less charming than her older sister.
She is no less beautiful than her sister is.
She is no less charming than her sister.
She put on her sister's jeans and looked in the mirror.
She seems short beside her sister.
She doesn't study as hard as her sister.
She's not as beautiful as her sister.
She is less beautiful than her sister is.
She did not turn up.
She disappeared into thin air.
She refused to let her child go out in the rain.
She tried to break her child of the habit of lying.
She is dealing out two apples to each child.
She shut the child in his room until he stopped crying.
She was very embarrassed when her child behaved badly in public.
She braked hard when she saw a child run out into the road.
She chided her child for cutting in.
She didn't let her children go out in the rain.
She watched the children going back to school.
She sent her children off to school.
She watched the children swimming in the pool.
She called, "Children, come downstairs."
She told the children an interesting story.
She told her children to put away their toys.
She made cookies for the children.
She was very ambitious for her children.
She got the children ready for a walk.
She made the children clean up their own rooms.
She yelled at the children to be quiet.
She called her children into the room.
She read an amusing story to the children.
She spoke to the children in a gentle voice.
She always pays attention to her children's behavior.
She felt insecure about her children's future.
The behavior of her children in public dismayed her.
She looked after the children.
She participated in the children's games.
She gathered her children about her.
She took pains in educating the children.
She loved her children alike.
Child as she was, she was not afraid.
Child as she was, she was brave.
Though she is a child, she can act wisely.
She bought a nice toy for her child.
She bought a toy for her child.
She had an itch to see her child.
She cannot control her children.
She told the child to eat up the food.
She is devoted to her children.
She devoted herself to her children.
She cherishes the precious memories of her childhood.
She seems to have been in poor health in her childhood.
She gave up everything for her children.
She was, as many of us were, very shy in her childhood.
She can't stand being treated like a child.
She is as simple as a child.
She has a wonderful hand with children.
She is good with kids.
She knows well how to deal with children.
She is careful about her child's nutrition.
You will never know what she went through to educate her children.
She was anxious about her children's health.
She was ashamed of her children's behavior.
She is busy with the care of her children.
She quit her job to look after her child.
She liked to take care of the children.
She has given birth to five children.
She coaxed a smile from the baby.
She set a child in the chair.
She left her children in her aunt's care.
She committed her child to her aunt's care.
She laid the child down gently.
She bribed her child to take the bitter medicine.
She's good at handling children.
She took great pains to raise her children.
She took pains to educate her children.
She put the children to bed.
She allowed her child to be drowned.
She brought up her children to be truthful.
She found it necessary to accustom her child to getting up early.
She looked back on her childhood.
She is gentle with children.
She sat surrounded by her children.
She warned the children against playing in the street.
She read the children an amusing story.
She worked hard on account of her children.
She was standing among children.
She loves her children.
She called the kitten "Jaguar".
She succeeded in getting herself elected as mayor.
She is not scared of taking big risks.
Does she dare to go into the forest?
She dared to call on him.
She said she was going to have her own way.
She told her boss what she had in mind.
She drummed her fingers on the table.
She pared down her expenditures.
She complained to the manager about the service.
She demanded to see the manager.
She works as an assistant to the manager.
She refused to accept charity.
She cried for hours without ceasing.
She had her first love in her memory until she died.
She continued writing in her diary until she died.
She shuddered to see the dead cat.
She has a claim on her deceased husband's estate.
She cherished the memory of her dead husband.
She was scared at the sight of the dead body.
She runs faster than I do.
She lost her temper with me when I broke the cup.
She accused me of stealing her money.
She looks better today than when I her saw last.
She died before I arrived there.
She made a point of my attending the party.
She took my hint and smiled.
She cheered me up when I was feeling blue.
She bled me of all my money.
She was leaving and was walking slowly from me.
She defrauded me of my property.
She screamed that I was to blame.
She insisted on my seeing the doctor.
She was glad of my company.
She helped me pack my suitcase.
She may have called me up while I was out.
She insisted that I should pay the bill.
She pretended not to hear me.
She got angry about my talk.
She came three minutes after I called.
She sang a song, the title of which I did not know.
She troubled herself to take me to the house I was looking for.
She went on at me for coming home late.
She saw me enter the store.
She pointed out the mistakes I had made.
She demanded that I should help him.
She got it into her head that I was bad-mouthing her.
She is only hard on me.
She might know that we are here.
She suggested that we should start earlier.
She insisted on us going.
She was a girl of about our age.
She told us not to make a noise.
She gave us a vague answer.
She asked several question of us.
She has done us many kindnesses.
She cooked us a delicious dinner.
She told us an interesting story.
She showed us a beautiful hat.
She made coffee for all of us.
She went away without so much as saying good-bye to us.
She has been a wonderful role model for us.
She is very kind to us.
She gave us a present.
She served us a good meal.
She fixed us a snack.
She gave us some food.
I think she is showing off her new dress to us.
She sang a Japanese song for us.
She entertained us with an interesting episode.
She cooked vegetable soup for us.
She gave us some useful information.
She asked us if we would like to cook.
She threatened to set our house on fire.
She didn't take part in our conversation.
She accepted our invitation.
She turned up her nose at our offer.
She will take care of everything for us.
She is playing an important role in our organization.
She turned down our proposal.
She steered our efforts in the right direction.
She lives next door to us.
She made a beautiful dinner for all of us.
She danced with a grace that surprised us all.
She threw a glance at us.
She asked us to dinner.
She took us all in with her smile.
She treated each of us to an ice cream.
She didn't appear to recognize me.
She shared her piece of cake with me.
She didn't exactly agree with me.
She has a view that is different from mine.
She lost her temper with me.
She refused to go with me.
She speaks English as well as I.
She is as young as I am.
She has as many stamps as I.
She is as tall as I.
She came across to speak to me.
She asked me to wake her at six.
She whispered to me that she was hungry.
She asked me to write a letter to a friend of hers in Germany.
She asked me where I was going.
She told me that I could use her room.
She asked me who I thought would win the tournament.
They insisted on my getting the work done by tomorrow.
She did not so much as say "Good morning" to me.
She said to me "Let's go shopping."
She greeted me with "Good morning."
She told me not to go there alone.
She handed me a sheet of paper.
She told me that she would go to Paris in August.
She showed me her album.
She bought an album for me.
She wants me to go with her.
She may have told me a lie.
She cannot have told a lie to me.
She told me not to tell lies.
She wished me good night.
She went out without even asking me to have a seat.
She poured me a cup of tea.
She brought a cup of tea to me.
She made tea for me.
She gave me a pretty doll.
She explained to me how to make a cake.
She made me a cake.
She served me coffee.
She gave me these old coins.
She bade me good-by.
She wrote to me to come at once.
She found a nice tie for me.
She gave me a charming smile.
She didn't pay me the money.
She was so kind as to inform me of it.
She fitted me out with the money.
She explained the matter to me.
She wouldn't allow me to read the letter.
She introduced the lady to me.
She cheated me into accepting the story.
She said good-by to me for good.
She gave me plenty to eat.
She took my umbrella without so much as asking me.
Not a word did she say to me.
She asked me where to go.
She is very dear to me.
She is all in all to me.
She is most kind to me.
She is very annoyed with me.
She showed me which dress to wear.
She used to address me as Tom.
She asked me if I knew Tom's address.
She appears to me to be cruel.
She is a kind of mother to me.
She accompanied me on the piano.
She plainly interpreted Picasso's paintings to me.
She seems to have a surprise in store for me.
She was very short with me.
She found me a good seat.
She picked me an apple.
She showered abuse on me.
She admonished me that I should consult a doctor.
She insisted that I should see the doctor.
She told me how to swim.
She taught me how to swim.
She showed me a letter written in English.
She asked me to meet her at the station.
She asked me to pass her the salt.
She asked me how many languages I spoke.
She told me where to go.
She telephoned to invite me to her house.
She came to see me.
She came all the way from New York to see me.
She came here to see me.
She has forgotten seeing me before.
She refused to notice me.
She suggested to me that I call off the meeting.
She passed by without seeing me.
She asked me whether I was perhaps not feeling very well.
She cooked some fish for me.
She remarked that I should quit smoking.
She came near to me.
She doesn't speak to me.
She answered me back.
She gave me a shy smile.
She treated me to a cup of tea.
She asked me to help her with the work.
She sent me an urgent telegram.
She taught me how to write a poem.
A watch was given to me by her.
She inspired me with confidence.
She showed her album to me.
She informed me of her decision.
She gave me permission to use her dictionary.
She asked me a question.
She gave me some practical advice.
She waved her hand to me.
She sent me a letter.
She asked me to help her with her assignment.
She informed me of her departure.
She appealed to me for help.
She got me a tiny toy.
She spoke to me in a whisper.
She provided me with some food.
She insisted on my paying the bill for the dinner.
She was kind to me.
She gave me a doll.
She advises me on technical matters.
She gave me a nice pair of shoes.
She gave me a wonderful present.
She made me a nice dress.
She asked me to open the window.
She told me to open the window.
She bestowed a gift on me.
She is very bitter toward me.
She is hostile to me.
Her behaviour toward me was a departure from the norm.
She took back the coat she lent me.
She asked me if I was all right.
She asked me whether I was all right.
She asked me who had arrived first.
She gave me a watch for a birthday present.
She walked away without acknowledging me.
She left me a note.
She made a polite bow to me.
She bowed to me politely.
She wrote me a long letter.
She asked me for an unreasonable sum of money.
She was kind enough to show me the way.
It is kind of her to show me the way.
She turned her back to me.
She showed me his album.
She asked me if I knew his address.
She told me her secret.
She gave me a stiff smile.
She bade farewell to me.
She said good-bye to me and went through the ticket gate.
She did not keep her promise to write to me.
She asked me about my mother.
She is like a mother to me.
She told me an interesting story.
She told me such stories as were useful.
She wanted me to come.
She promised me to come.
She gave me a piece of good advice.
She is cold to me.
She knows ten times as many English words as I do.
She has twice as many CDs as I do.
She is only critical of me.
She rooms at my aunt's.
She was told to accompany me.
She was tempted to come with me.
She is my classmate.
She applied a bandage to my hurt finger.
She pulled my shirt.
She's my type.
She worked on my account.
She did all she could on my account.
She sat next to me.
She wears the same watch as mine.
She gave a pluck at my elbow.
She kissed me on the cheek and said goodnight.
She gave me a peck on the cheek.
She always finds fault with the way I do things.
She is the only friend I have.
She turned down my request.
She is the woman of my desires.
She didn't quite understand my English.
She did not come even as far as my house.
She lived next door to us.
She gets up the earliest in my family.
She asked about my school.
She slapped me on the chin.
She accused me of making a mistake.
She couldn't look me straight in the face.
She began to cry at the sight of my face.
She gives me a nasty look every time she sees me.
My memory of her has begun to recede.
She had begun to recede in my memory.
She complained to me of my small salary.
She gave my shoes a quick brush.
She seems to be in love with my brother.
She took my brother for me.
She has a strong objection to my plan.
She approved of my plan.
She ignored all my warnings.
She took care of my dog.
She patted me on the shoulder.
I'm afraid she won't accept my explanation.
She took offence at my word.
She took my words as a joke.
She acknowledged that my statement was true.
She seems to have taken my remark as an insult.
She insisted that it was my fault.
She pointed out my mistake.
She isn't to my taste.
She appeals to me.
She gave me a necktie which was completely to my liking.
She cooks chicken the way I like.
She cooks things for me that I like.
She is envious of my good fortune.
She agreed to my idea.
She is a friend of my wife's.
She is my elder sister.
She is not my sister but my mother.
She is not as old as my sister is.
As soon as she saw me, she began to weep.
She cared for my children very kindly.
She works by far the hardest of anyone in my office.
She nodded in response to my question.
She avoided answering my questions.
She held on to my hand tightly.
She clasped my hands and said she was glad to see me.
She took my hand.
She took hold of my hand and held it tightly.
She answered my letter soon.
She gave no answer to my letter.
She was displeased at my letter.
She may have been surprised when she received my letter.
She is seeking my advice.
She refused my invitation.
She took my joke seriously.
She turned down my proposal.
She allowed that my offer was reasonable.
She gave a flat refusal to my offer.
She rejected my proposal.
She turned down my offer.
She is a good friend of mine.
She is envious of my success.
She congratulated me on my success.
She made believe that she had not heard me.
I found a true friend in her.
She will get along with my grandmother.
She was much delighted at my gift.
She was not in the least pleased with my present.
She came up to me and asked my name.
She apologized to me for stepping on my foot.
She reproached me for being lazy.
She will attend the meeting instead of me.
She gave me something very nice for my birthday.
She seldom pays regard to my advice.
She is deaf to my advice.
She did not take kindly to my advice.
She continued to see him in disregard of my advice.
I thought she was my special friend.
She has no illusion about my ability.
She gave my elbow a little jog.
She promised me to clean my room.
She is not my mother but my oldest sister.
She asked after my mother.
She gave me whatever help I needed.
She played a trick on my sister.
She took advantage of my ignorance.
She appeared to have forgotten my name.
She means more than my life to me.
She looked me in the eye.
She is a friend of mine.
She didn't feel comfortable with my friend.
I'm afraid she will turn down my request.
She doesn't like the way I speak.
She held my arm firmly.
She threw herself into my arms.
She pinched my arm sharply.
She gripped my arm tightly.
She caught me by the arm.
She caught me by the arm and stopped me from going home.
She is senior to me by two years.
She is five years junior to me.
She is senior to me by six years.
She is much taller than I.
She loves Tom more than she does me.
She is three years older than I am.
She played the heroine better than I.
She can swim further than I can.
She is senior to me by three years.
She has an advantage over me.
She left me standing there for two hours.
She accused me of being a liar.
She introduced me to her brother.
She scolds Terry as often as me.
She stared at me.
She made me a star.
She beguiled me of my money.
She took me for Mr Tamori.
She did not so much as cast glance at me.
She gave a glance at me.
She invited me to the ballet.
She treats me as if I were a baby.
She looks down on me for not having a sense of humor.
She supposed me to be a doctor.
She invited me to her home.
She made me hurry.
She took me for my brother.
She has scorn for me.
She looked at me.
The moment she saw me, she began laughing.
No sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction.
She burst out laughing when she saw me.
She did not so much as smile at me.
She looked at me and smiled.
She did not so much as look at me.
She bowed to me with courtesy when she saw me.
She had no sooner seen me than she ran away.
She waved her hand at the sight of me.
The moment she saw me, she burst into tears.
She came to the station to see me off.
She makes me happy.
She broke the vase on purpose to bother me.
She insisted on helping me.
I hope that she will help me.
She invited me to dinner.
She gave me such a sincere welcome that I was at home with her immediately.
She helped me morally.
She knows me.
She kept me waiting for a long time.
She called me a fool and what not.
She avoids me.
She charged me with dishonesty.
She beckoned me into the room.
She gave me a strange look.
She mistook me for my sister.
She asked me to come to her bedside.
She charged me with being irresponsible.
She gave me an icy look.
She showed me around the campus.
She is one of the girls we invited to the party.
She asked us to leave her alone.
She told us the road was closed.
She taught us singing.
She waved her hand to us.
She revealed her secret to us.
She bears malice toward our group.
She provided a good dinner for us.
She lived up to our expectations.
She attracted our attention.
She makes a point of remembering each one of our birthdays.
She sews with a needle and thread.
She ran out of paper.
She turned her eyes away.
She was fond of poetry and music.
She is very fond of writing poems.
She was absorbed in writing a poem.
She is not a poet but a novelist.
She left out the fourth question on the examination.
She passed first in the exam.
She was happy that she passed the exam.
She exerted herself to pass the examination.
She made great efforts to pass the examination.
She is positive of passing the test.
She failed the test with reason.
She regrets that she failed the examination.
She studied hard lest she should fail her exam.
She studied hard lest she should fail in the exam.
She was fortunate to pass the exam.
She's worrying about her exams.
Did she mention the results of the exam?
She seemed to be satisfied with the result of the exam.
She is busy preparing for an examination.
She is busy preparing for the examination.
She passed the examination.
She couldn't study abroad for lack of money.
She had her tooth pulled.
She practices as a dentist.
She has a set of irregular teeth.
She seems to have known the truth of the matter.
She likes to play the koto very much.
She blacked out on seeing the scene of the accident.
She was unconscious for a whole day after the accident.
She broke down when she heard about the accident.
She doesn't drive for fear of an accident.
Her argument was founded on fact.
She tried to conceal the fact.
She was merely stating a fact.
She came to know the fact.
She used the car to go to the office.
She majors in child psychology.
She writes a very good hand.
She has very neat handwriting.
She has good handwriting.
She gave clothes to the gypsies out of charity.
She led a group of nuns called the Missionaries of Charity.
She begged for mercy.
She is merciful.
She left home bag and baggage.
She is never on time.
She seemed pressed for time and often glanced at the clock on the wall.
She is economical of her time.
She doesn't like people who aren't punctual.
She gave all her time to the study.
She bowed out of the race before it was too late.
She advanced the hand ten minutes.
She advanced the hands on the clock.
She advanced her watch ten minutes.
She took a casual glance at her watch.
Staring at her watch, she said: "It's already four o'clock."
She looked at her watch and noted that it was past five.
She sometimes takes a walk in the park.
She writes to her son every now and then.
She sometimes has her mother cut her hair.
She cursed the times.
She was at a loss what to say next.
She got off at the next station.
She will visit her mother next Tuesday.
She received a large advance for her next novel.
She said she would be twenty years old the following year.
She has waded into one controversy after another.
She bought articles of clothing one after another.
She is getting used to this rural life by degrees.
She gradually began to understand.
She is handicapped by poor hearing.
She plays the piano by ear.
She tried again to fix the earring into her ear.
She wears rings on her ears.
She colored up to her temples.
She goes to a school for the deaf.
She took her own life.
She will have to earn her own living.
She adhered strongly to her belief.
She attempted to kill herself.
She tried to commit suicide.
She attempted suicide.
She was on the border of killing herself.
I found her in tears in her room.
She looked around.
She expressed her feelings for nature in a poem.
She hurt her foot when she fell off her bicycle.
She made an attempt to ride a bicycle.
She cannot ride a motorcycle, not to mention a bicycle.
She can't ride a bicycle.
She got on her bike and rode away.
Can she ride a bicycle?
She can ride a motorcycle, not to mention a bicycle.
She has an automatic washing machine.
She is old enough to hold a driver's license.
She has large interests in the car industry.
She lost her son in a car accident.
She was killed in an automobile accident.
She volunteered to do the job.
She did the dishes of her own accord.
She thought of herself as charming enough.
She reflected on what she had done.
She said she was a pianist, but that was a lie.
She doesn't admit that she is in the wrong.
She doesn't admit that she is wrong.
She parades her wealth.
She was embarrassed at what she had said.
She admitted that she was wrong.
It aggrieved her much that she could not go.
She persists in saying that she is right.
She asserted that she was right.
She is capable of handling the circumstances.
She flatters herself by thinking that she is beautiful.
She saw there what he had dreamed about.
She shouted that she was safe.
She tried it herself.
She had to go herself.
She need not go there herself.
She had to alter her dress by herself.
She wore a sweater that she'd knitted herself.
She would rather listen to others than talk herself.
She had never been so proud of herself.
She is her own worst enemy.
She brooded over the bullying done to her.
She gave him a handle against her.
She loves the color of her T-shirt.
She has been investing her energy in helping the poor in that area.
She accused him of stealing her money.
She had forgotten her umbrella so I lent her mine.
She seems to be fond of talking about herself.
She is ashamed of what she's done.
She learned her part very quickly.
She cooked herself a good meal.
She entered her terrier in a dog show.
She filled her bag with apples.
She cheered for her favorite horse.
She put sheets on her bed.
She drew the chair towards her.
She persisted in her opinion.
She is backward in expressing her opinion.
She put down her thoughts on paper.
She didn't marry him of her own will.
She gave up her plans against her will.
She prides herself on her driving skill.
She was ready to face her fate.
She had to accept her fate.
She is afraid of her own shadow.
She had her English composition checked by an Englishman.
She was apprehensive about receiving criticism of her performance.
She talked about her family.
She talked on and on about her family problems.
She earns a living by selling her paintings.
She is looking for a job where she can make use of her foreign language ability.
She looked for her bag here and there.
She tried to hide her feelings.
She can't control her emotions.
She tried to hide her mistake from us.
She gave a narrative of her strange experience.
She was at a loss for words to express her feeling.
She endeavored to do her duty.
She unburdened herself of her terrible secret.
She is modest about her achievement.
She magnified her sufferings.
She tried to lessen her expenses.
She insisted on her innocence.
She was still clinging to the hope that her dog would be found alive.
She didn't mean to offend anyone with her remark.
She had to choose her words carefully.
She knows her limitations.
She altered her old clothes to make them look more fashionable.
She explained her idea by means of pictures.
She felt no shame at having said what she did.
She took full responsibility for her actions.
She was asked to account for her conduct.
She takes pride in her high school.
She prides herself on her talent.
She is unconscious of her sin.
She put a red ribbon on her umbrella as a mark.
She shows no zeal for her work.
She has a thorough grasp of her work.
She cares a lot about her personal appearance.
She lets her children have their own way too much.
She is proud of her children.
She abandoned her children.
She was very strict with her children.
She looked her child in the face.
She had not let go of her son.
She saved her children from drowning.
She thinks of herself as an intelligent person.
She thought that our watches were the same.
She attributed her failure to her illness.
She felt something go wrong with her car.
She is looking for her car keys.
She boasts of her car.
She made her point.
She made a fuss about her benefits.
She felt insecure about her future.
She felt uneasy at the thought of her future.
She sat for her portrait.
She seems to devote all her effects to her career.
She was pleased with her new dress.
She gave away all her dolls.
She expressed satisfaction with her life.
She attributed her success to good luck.
She informed her parents of her success.
She was content with her life.
She brought up her child at the cost of her life.
She is proud of her students.
She tried to put energy into her voice.
She takes great pride in her stamp collection.
She had a reputation for being well informed about her subjects.
She is proud of her sons.
She is proud of her son.
She takes pride in her son.
She prides herself on her son.
She prides herself on her many accomplishments.
She is looking forward to her birthday party.
She is particular about her dress.
She is firmly determined to own a store of her own.
She gave them the benefit of her insight.
She seems to devote all her efforts to her career.
She was reluctant to reveal her secret.
She is blind to her own beauty.
She is not aware of her beauty.
She boasts of her beauty.
She boasts about her beauty.
She has faith in her beauty.
She sighed over her unhappy fate.
She was ashamed of herself for her carelessness.
She published the book at her own expense.
No sooner had she entered her room than she began to cry.
She shut herself up in her room.
She looked about in her room.
She decorated her room with roses.
She put her room in order.
She decorated her room with bright color.
She can make all her own clothes.
She gave away all her dresses.
She used silk thread in sewing her dress.
She persists in saying that her analysis is correct.
She told me that his mother was a doctor.
She acknowledged his help in her book.
She took her book.
She takes pride in her daughter.
She took offense at her daughter's behavior.
She is proud of her daughter.
She is very proud of her daughter.
She went over the list to see if her name was there.
She cannot so much as write her own name.
She repeated her name slowly.
She saved her baby's life at the risk of losing her own.
She had no illusions about her looks.
She takes great pride in her appearance.
She is sensitive about her looks.
She takes pride in her looks.
She can make her own dresses.
She went out on a limb defending him, and now she has lost her job.
Is she sure about her travel plans?
She was fond of talking about herself.
She slipped her arm into his.
She declared that she was not guilty.
She cried that she was innocent.
She achieved great success in her business.
She tried hard to express herself well.
She expressed her gratitude to all those who had supported her.
She accused her husband of having been disloyal to her.
She could not state her own opinion.
She felt herself torn apart.
She tends to underestimate her own ability.
She makes all her own clothes.
She has too much chat about her.
She was fully guaranteed her liberty.
She was set on quitting.
She got to the station at seven.
She has as many as seven children.
There is good reason for her to get scolded.
It seemed as if she was going to faint.
She is apt to fail.
She could not sleep at the thought of her failure.
She attributed her failure to illness.
She failed and felt humiliated.
She ascribed her failure to bad luck.
She cloaked her disappointment with a smile.
She scowled at the rude salesman.
She was green with jealousy.
She is torn by jealousy.
She was burning with jealousy.
She burned with jealousy.
As she wanted to ask a question, she raised her hand.
She couldn't answer the question.
She can ask and answer questions.
She put up her hand to ask a question.
She's a really nice girl.
She is really a good singer.
She does talk a lot.
In fact, she's quite unreliable.
She got kicked upstairs to an executive position.
What did she actually say?
She doesn't actually live in Deal.
She takes a bad picture.
I wonder where she had her photograph taken.
She's fond of taking pictures.
She has a picture.
She is very photogenic.
She attended the lecture on social welfare.
You ought to have apologized to her.
She said that by way of apology.
She stayed at home as she didn't have a car.
She got out of the car.
She comes to school in her car.
She arrived in a car.
She cannot do without her car.
She was almost knocked down by a car.
She was run over by the car.
She's lost her car key.
She doesn't know how to drive a car.
She is learning how to drive a car.
She may have left her car key in her room.
She left her gloves in the car.
She backed her car into the garage.
Although she wants to buy a vehicle, there is no margin to buy.
She drew back when she saw a snake.
She isn't afraid of snakes.
Young as she was, she was equal to the work.
She showed me the poems that she had written in her youth.
She seems to have been a beauty in her day.
She seems to have been happy when she was young.
She lived in the suburbs of Tokyo when she was young.
She was beautiful in her time.
She may have been beautiful when young.
She must've been beautiful when she was young.
It seems that she was a beauty in her day.
When young, she was very popular.
When she was young, she was very beautiful.
She must have been a beauty when she was young.
She was very beautiful when she was young.
She is proud of having been beautiful in her youth.
She must have been very beautiful when she was young.
She must have been a pretty girl when she was young.
When she was young, she preferred coffee to Japanese tea.
She was a beauty in her day.
She would often take a trip when she was young.
She is now better off than when she was young.
When she was young, she would never eat anything fattening.
She is proud of having been beautiful.
She married young.
She is a very intelligent young lady.
She's not young, is she?
She looks young.
She looks young. But actually, she's over forty.
She got the job by virtue of her youth and enthusiasm.
She keeps her youth very well.
She really keeps her youthfulness.
She looks young, but as a matter of fact she is older than you are.
She looked lonely.
She looks lonesome.
She spoke in a weak voice.
She said to her husband: "Stop!".
She applied to the chief for a vacation.
She laid her ideas before her chief.
She gained dollars in the deal.
She watched the harvest gathered and the apples picked.
She used her hand to screen the sunlight from her eyes.
She always keeps a stick in her hand.
She has something in her hand.
She has flowers in her hand.
She had a little round object in her hand.
She bit off more than she could chew and was laughed at.
She has long arms and legs.
She held out her hand.
She raised her hand.
She reached out for my arm.
She waved good-bye to me.
She designated their table with a wave of the hand.
She greeted him waving her hand.
She smiled, waving her hand.
She took two pieces of baggage with her.
She didn't take much baggage with her.
She took a lot of baggage with her.
She added in her letter that she would write again soon.
She reproached me for not answering the letter.
She tore the letter into pieces.
She finished writing a letter.
She tore up the letter.
She sent the letter by airmail.
She is engaged in writing letters.
She seems to know the art of writing letters.
She forgot to mail the letter.
She wept reading the letter.
She finished reading the letter.
After she had read the letter, she tore it to pieces.
She listened to her CDs at random.
She gave her oath that she would not drink.
She abstains from drinking.
She has a scarf around her neck.
She doesn't care for sushi.
She went on talking to her friend even after the class began.
She applied what she had learned in class to the experiment.
She absented herself from class.
Her large income enables her to go to Paris every year.
She spends a major part of her income on food.
She tried to make both ends meet.
She looked around, but she couldn't see anything.
She can't make up her mind whether to get a job or to go on to college.
She was interviewed for jobs.
She passed away peacefully in her sleep.
The moment she'd finished, she lay down for a nap.
She lived all her life in that town.
She goes to aerobics once a week.
She went to the market once a week.
She goes to the hospital once a week.
She goes to the bookstore once a week.
She writes to her parents once a week.
She plays tennis with her friends once a week.
She takes cooking lessons once a week.
She earns on average ten pounds a week.
She was wearing an ugly dress.
She turned off all the lights at ten.
She has grieved over his loss for nearly ten years.
She is well able to read.
She was kind enough.
She spoke in soft tones.
She is flexible in her opinions.
She had her heavy suitcase carried by the porter.
She's suffering from a serious disease.
She became very ill.
She showed her regret over the serious mistake.
She's guilty of a grave blunder.
It is said that she is seriously ill.
She shot a gun.
She came to live with her aunt.
She went to Paris for the purpose of seeing her aunt.
She finished her homework in an hour.
She has done her homework.
She was busy doing her homework.
She ought to have finished her homework.
She is a lady, and ought to be treated as such.
She is a lady among ladies.
She must have gone out.
She stayed at home all day instead of going out.
She gave a look as much as to say, "Get out".
She denied having been asked to go on a business trip.
When she appeared in court, she was wearing a sort of crown.
She is about to leave.
She has been with a publishing company for two years.
She will carry out her plan, regardless of expense.
She studied English as hard as she could.
She has an abundant supply of seeds to plant in the spring.
She has a bias toward Japanese literature.
She was discouraged from publishing her first novel.
She was quite nervous about her first flight.
She went to Paris for the first time.
She acted in a play for the first time.
She is sensitive to the heat.
She is attached to the general affairs section.
She signed over the money to her daughter.
She cannot write or read.
She had a book stolen from the library.
She's writing something in her study.
She confined herself to her study and wept to her heart's content.
She shouted for help, but no one came.
She screamed for help.
She is in need of help.
She is brave for a girl.
She goes to a girls' high school.
She passed the entrance examination to the girl's high school.
She is a strenuous supporter of women's rights.
She advocated equal rights for women.
She was an actress and was treated as such.
Besides being an actress, she was a famous painter.
She is not so much an actress as a singer.
She is famous as an actress.
She became an actress.
She aimed to become an actress.
She was dressed after the fashion of an actress.
She is getting better by slow degrees.
She slowly developed hatred toward me.
She applied a bandage to the wound.
She is employed in a trading company.
She guided her business to success.
She is diligent and smart enough to win a scholarship.
She was able to go to college thanks to the scholarship.
She will be a famous artist in the future.
She will be famous in the future.
She is like a hen with one chicken.
She spoke in a small voice.
She gave a small cry of alarm and fled to the bathroom.
She has a small black dog.
She was living alone in a hut.
She had only a small sum of money.
She hummed her child to sleep.
She sent me the enclosed check.
She writes essays in addition to novels and poetry.
She strode over the brook.
She will often sit there feeding birds.
She watched the bird carefully.
She bought flour and oil in quantity.
She behaved as if she were a little girl to his sons.
She couldn't help but be a little vague.
She might look more attractive with a little make-up.
She had a little money.
She has little knowledge of science.
She stayed there for a moment.
She wasn't a bit impatient.
She has nothing snobbish about her.
She is not in the least surprised.
She's by no means lacking in consideration. She's just shy.
She is being rather difficult.
She ought to take a little rest.
She said that she was a little tired.
She spoke with a suggestion of sarcasm in her voice.
She gave what few coins she had to the beggar.
She lost what little money she had.
She was used to living on a small income.
She gave the boy what few coins she had in her purse.
She is not less than thirty.
I think she's over years old.
She looks at least sixty.
She goes to the beauty salon at least once a week.
She was eyeing the girl's beautiful ring.
She forgave the boy for his rudeness.
She had the boys paint the house.
She stood among the boys.
She made a man of a boy.
She lay down on the floor and started reading.
She fell in a heap to the floor.
She hung between refusing or accepting the invitation.
She put in for a raise.
Her laugh was a lie that concealed her sorrow.
She couldn't help bursting into laughter.
She could not keep back a smile.
She has cute dimples when she smiles.
She tried to smile in vain.
She cannot but laugh.
She said good-bye with a smile, but there was a good deal of bitterness in her heart.
She thinks of her boss as a father.
She can speak Spanish well.
She can sing and dance beautifully.
She sewed a button on her coat.
She threw on a coat and went.
She took off her coat.
She has an elegant manner.
She is prudish.
She's having an affair with her boss.
She watched the passengers get off the bus.
She made an effort at joking but it fell quite flat.
She is staying at a little hotel by the castle.
She was standing amid the ruins of the castle.
She wants to travel to Antarctica, of all places.
She is always out to make a buck.
She always sides with the weak.
She is always troubled with a headache.
She always makes a fool of her husband.
She is always immune to criticism.
She made a point of complaining.
She is devoid of common sense.
She is accessible to pity.
She is easily moved to emotion.
She is able to grasp the situation.
She gave me advice as well as information.
She will have it that the conditions are unfair.
It took her a while to realize the situation.
She put new soil in the flower pot.
She is connected with the Oda's by marriage.
She was dismissed for loafing on the job.
She is dark-skinned.
She knows how to use her good looks to get what she wants out of men.
She grows many kinds of flowers-roses, violets, sunflowers, and so on.
She has a fair complexion.
She has fair skin and hair.
She kept on talking while eating.
She is very particular about her food.
She went out to buy some food.
She didn't mind doing the dishes.
She cleared away the dishes from the table.
She washed her dirty hands before the meal.
She ate her dinner.
She is on a diet.
She removed the dishes from the table.
She spread dishes on the table.
She has a ring whose value is beyond belief.
She is a reliable person.
She had gone to bed.
She slept off her hangover.
She used to pray before going to bed.
She put out the light before she went to bed.
She has a tender heart.
She tried hard to clear her mind of doubts.
She has a gentle heart.
She has a kind heart.
As she sang with all her heart, the audience was deeply moved.
She sang her sweet song with feeling.
She sang to her heart's content.
She felt her heart beat quickly.
She was ill with heart disease.
She felt her heart beating fast.
She is troubled with heart disease.
She was so nervous she paced to and fro in the waiting room.
She could not cope with anxiety.
She turned around and smiled.
She began to get the feel of her new office.
She is curious to learn new things.
She is pleased with her new dress.
She selected a hat to match her new dress.
She wants a new dress badly.
She tried on a new dress.
She looked happy in her new dress.
She got herself up in a new dress.
She walked slowly through the park to show off her new hairstyle.
She found it was difficult to adapt herself to her new surroundings.
She looked pleased with her new job.
She is quite satisfied with her new job.
She applied her mind to her new job.
She went to Tokyo for the purpose of getting a new job.
She looked pleased with her new ring.
She lost her new watch.
She is getting up a new play.
She clothed herself in a new suit.
She came to Tokyo with a view to getting a new job.
She slipped into a new way of life.
She took to her new teacher.
She is interested in learning new ideas.
She had a new dress made.
She was wearing a new hat.
She wants a new hat.
She gave me a look at her new car.
She will help me choose myself a new car.
She walked as far as Shinjuku.
She went outside to get a breath of fresh air.
She went to the market to buy fresh vegetables.
She flapped at the fly with a newspaper.
She put an advertisement for a domestic help in the paper.
She contributed an article to the newspaper.
She glanced briefly at the newspaper.
She laid the paper out on the table.
She went astray in the woods.
She walked in the woods.
She was wandering in the woods.
She fell into a deep sleep.
She took a deep breath and then started to talk about herself.
She took a deep breath.
She may know the facts.
She is an earnest student.
She doesn't believe in God.
Because she believed in God, she had nothing to worry about.
She graduated from Kobe University.
She is obedient to her parents.
She was aware of his eyes.
She is kindness itself.
She is kind.
I found her kind.
She is a kind girl.
She was kind enough to help me.
She kindly showed me around the city.
She was so kind as to lend me some money.
She had the kindness to take the lady to her home.
She was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
She was kind enough to accompany me to the station.
She had the kindness to show me around the city.
She had the kindness to inform us.
She was kind enough to help us.
She has the kindness to lend me a good dictionary.
She was kind enough to give me good advice.
It was kind of her to show me the way to the station.
She was kind enough to accommodate me with some money.
She had the kindness to buy a ticket for me.
She kindly showed me the way.
She had the kindness to show me the way to the hospital.
She was kind enough to carry my baggage for me.
She kindly helped me with my homework.
She had the kindness to pick me up at my house.
She had the kindness to help me.
She was kind enough to make tea for us.
She kindly gave me a ride home.
She was kind enough to lend me large sum of money.
She was kind enough to show me around the town.
She got nothing in reward for her kindness.
She is very negligent in her dress.
She has a lively interest in everything around us.
She accompanied her words with gestures.
She bent down and picked up the coin.
She stooped to pick up a pebble.
She accompanied her speech with gestures.
She doubled over, clutching her side.
She devoted her life to helping the handicapped.
She has an acid tongue.
She waited for him with patience.
She readily agreed to my proposal.
She helped her mother of her own accord.
She pushed her needle in and out.
She stopped sewing and had some tea.
She is handy with a needle.
She is good-natured.
She is ill-natured.
She tends to speak ill of others.
She managed to finish the work on her own.
She is very human.
She is a singer whose reputation is growing fast.
She is plain and stout as popular stars go.
She is a popular musician but very modest.
She is playing with a doll.
She looked at several dolls and decided on the most beautiful one.
Is she making a doll?
She is shy of strangers.
She lost herself in the crowd.
She heard her name called out in the crowd.
She is very cynical about life.
She has a negative attitude toward life.
She spent most of her life taking care of poor people.
She makes up in public.
She's no shrinking violet.
She doesn't like to speak in public.
She hates speaking in public.
She is used to speaking in public.
She detests speaking in public.
She is in the habit of fidgeting in the presence of others.
She is friendly to everybody.
She lives in rural seclusion.
She is reading a book in the library.
She was accorded permission to use the library.
She arrived at school on time in spite of the snowstorm.
She became famous as a mystery writer.
She poured in the water.
She prides herself of her swimming.
She is second to none in swimming in her school.
She excels them all at swimming.
She takes singing and dancing lessons, not to mention swimming and tennis lessons.
She sank under the surface of the water.
She had a headache from lack of sleep.
She was in her cups.
She broke with her family long ago.
She was sad for the first time in months.
She recognized that math was her weakest subject.
She is a genius at mathematics.
She is an expert in mathematics.
She was a genius in mathematics.
She squeezed the juice from several oranges.
She droned on for hours about her family history.
She stayed at the hotel for several days.
She went on a journey a few days ago.
She has been studying French for a few years.
She finished ironing the clothes a few minutes ago.
She stopped picking daisies.
She has a soft and clear voice.
She tries to keep up with what is going on in the world.
She is one of the best ballerinas in the world.
She has a great wish to travel around the world.
She is traveling around the world.
She set a new world record.
She traveled all over the world.
She is ignorant of the world.
She resembles her father in character.
She resembles her sister in character.
She was unhappy for all her success.
She began to despair of success.
She grew up to be a slim girl.
She died before coming of age.
She looked worried about her school report.
She has grown into a beautiful young lady.
She grew up to be a great scientist.
She's grown out of her favorite dress, so her mother will have to make it over for her.
She grew up to be a veterinarian.
She grew up to be a beautiful lady.
She's grown up to be a beautiful woman.
She grew up to be a lovely woman like her mother.
She grew up to be a famous musician.
The older she grew, the more beautiful she become.
As she grew up, she became more and more beautiful.
She will be a beauty when she grows up.
What time did she arrive at Narita Airport?
She was indifferent to politics.
She voted for Mr Nishioka irrespective of party lines.
She had a high government appointment.
She's with a government bureau, isn't she?
She was off in her Sunday best.
She did what she believed was right.
She did not overlook whatever difference there was between what was right and what was wrong.
She was released on the grounds that she was insane.
Should she be there at noon?
She should be there at noon.
She was supposed to be here by noon.
She is not only honest, but also wise.
I think that she's honest.
She is not so much honest as clever.
She is always neat and tidy.
She's alive! She was drowning, but her father saved her.
She has made herself master of flower arranging.
She is of French birth.
She has been dumb since birth.
She was delicate from birth.
She was in a hurry to see the new baby.
She is kindhearted by nature.
She is endowed with a talent for music.
She has been blind from birth.
She is artistic by nature.
She is weak by nature.
She is kind by nature.
She was naturally shy.
Nature endowed her with both a sound mind and a sound body.
Nature endowed her with wit and beauty.
She is a natural musician.
She is an American by birth.
She was buried in her hometown.
She says her life is monotonous.
She depends on her parents for living expenses.
She works hard to earn her living.
She has bought some cloth; she is going to make herself a dress.
She spoke slowly in case the students should miss her words.
She called the pupils into the room.
She has a very good relationship with her students.
She has a degree in biology.
She dressed up and left for the party.
She attended the party dressed to the nines.
She shouted herself hoarse.
She shouted at the top of her voice.
She spoke with her voice trembling.
She lowered her voice.
She raised her voice.
She is honest and above bribery.
She is honest and above telling a lie.
She likes blue dresses.
She was wearing a blue coat.
She decided on a blue dress.
She is wearing a blue dress.
She became pale and flushed by turns.
She looked ghostly.
She prefers quiet music - the baroque, for example.
She prefers quiet music.
She is quiet.
She quietly entered the room.
She slowly closed her eyes.
She has always been a popular actress.
She is fond of singing old songs.
She is not what she used to be.
She must have seen better days.
She used to live in luxury.
She used to keep a diary, but she no longer does.
She used to give herself airs.
She used to be diligent.
She appears to have been rich.
She tripped on the stone.
She used up a cake of soap.
She wished to punish only those responsible.
I can always count on her because she is responsible.
She was wearing a red skirt.
She wore a red dress.
She was dressed in a red blouse.
She decided on the red coat.
She was dressed in a red bathing suit.
She looks prettier in her red dress.
She was dressed in red.
She blushed red.
She beamed at her baby.
She is holding her baby in her arms.
She laid her baby on the bed.
She caressed her baby lovingly.
She folded her baby in her arms.
She did not go out often after the babies came.
Her hands are full taking care of the baby.
She had her baby drink some milk.
She looked after her baby.
She hushed her baby to sleep.
She carried a baby on her back.
She clutched her baby in her arms.
She was afraid of waking the baby.
She left the baby crying.
She is giving the baby a bath.
She was carrying the baby on her back.
She wrapped her baby in a blanket.
She folded the baby in her arms.
She contributed to the Red Cross.
She did a lot of voluntary work for the Red Cross.
She ate only lean meat.
She has reddish hair, whence comes her nickname "Carrot".
She left her ticket at home.
She folded colored paper into a paper crane.
She is guilty of stealing.
She is guilty of theft.
She helped me to clear snow away.
She was nearly frozen to death in the snow.
She suffers from constant neuralgia.
She gave up in despair.
She was in an abyss of despair.
She was in America last month.
She left for Paris at the end of last month.
She made a trip to Europe last month.
She quit her job last month.
She was transferred from the head office to a branch office last month.
She went in for the audition last week.
She has been busy since last week.
She has been sick since last week.
She gave birth to a pretty baby girl last week.
She has been sick since last Wednesday.
She was robbed of the handbag that she had bought last week.
She set off on a trip last week.
She is a teacher.
She always kisses up to teachers.
She always complains of her teacher.
She wanted to be a teacher.
I think she will do for a teacher.
She is a teacher's pet.
She tried to take down every word the teacher said.
The teacher's words were still borne in her mind.
She is very good at imitating her teacher.
She has great respect for her teacher.
She went to the station to see her teacher off.
Did she go to the station to see her teacher off?
She communicates well with her teachers.
She is on the cutting edge.
She is reserved by nature.
She bought a new house the other day.
She was promoted over the heads of her seniors.
She lost her son in the war.
She expressed her sentiments on the war.
She breaks a dish every time she washes dishes.
She hung the washing on the line.
She poured water into the basin.
She came off sailing across the Pacific.
When she went to Oshima by sea, she got seasick and brought up all she had eaten.
She enjoyed the life on board.
She said she had met him on the previous day.
She didn't attend the meeting for fear of meeting her ex-husband.
She is not so shy as she used to be.
She looked better than last time.
She cannot distinguish right from wrong.
She abounds in good will.
She is an utter stranger to me.
She is quite ignorant of the world.
She is far from beautiful.
She is not quite content.
She answered all the questions with assurance.
She was soaked from head to foot.
She made it in a total of hours and minutes, which is shorter than the previous record by hours.
She carried off all the prizes.
She was educated by her grandfather.
She learned the craft of basket weaving from her grandmother.
She was leading her grandmother by the hand.
She was named after her grandmother.
She has had a magnificent career.
She writes an excellent hand.
Her feet were bare, as was the custom in those days.
She bought me a nice coat.
She had matured into an excellent woman.
She has got a nice hat on.
She is wearing a nice watch.
She gave me an appealing look.
She is a twin.
She gave birth to twin girls.
She had an early breakfast.
She should be there now because she left early.
She is an early riser.
She is used to getting up early.
She acquired the habit of rising early.
She talks a very fast game.
She tends to speak rapidly.
She must keep early hours.
She carefully watched the bird in the nest.
She needs someone to turn to for advice.
Is she anybody?
She is as beautiful as ever.
She looks as young as ever.
She is as poor as ever.
She tore away the stickers from the window.
She looked out of the window.
She put her head out of the window.
She withdrew her head from a window.
She hung a curtain over the window.
She hung beautiful curtains over the window.
She left the window open.
She opens the window.
She is not only intelligent but beautiful.
She proved an intelligent pupil.
She laid herself on the grass.
She wove the grass into a box.
She wove the grass into a basket.
Besides attending the funeral, she needs to make all the arrangements.
She is not so insensitive a girl as to laugh at a funeral.
She got tired with running.
She set the world record for the high jump.
She can hardly walk, let alone run.
She hates running.
She is a slow runner.
She is a runner.
She put her hands over her ears to shut out the noise.
She carried on talking in spite of the loud noise.
She looked at him with hatred.
She wrapped the present in paper.
She wrapped some gifts in paper.
She caught her breath.
She held her breath.
She hid behind the door and held her breath.
She was indignant at the way her son had been treated.
She's worried as it's been many months since she heard from her son.
She is proud that her son has become a doctor.
She sat up late waiting for her son to come home.
Little did she dream that her son would commit suicide.
Her son makes life worth living.
She scolded her son for being out until late.
She is bitterly ashamed of her son for stealing.
She insists on her son being innocent.
Her son meant everything to her.
She takes pride in her sons' success.
She gives too much money to her son.
She bought her son a camera.
She told her son to wait a minute.
She sent her son for a doctor.
She told her son to behave himself at home.
She is at her wit's end with her son. He sometimes does not come home until or a.m.
She will make a fine match for my son.
She was bereaved of a son.
She left her son a lot of money.
She could not help worrying about her son.
She is anxious about the results of her son's test.
She was amused at her son's tomfoolery.
She became agitated about her son's safety.
She prayed for her son's return.
She became very anxious about her son's health.
She is concerned about her son's health.
She patted her son on the shoulder.
She wept over her son's death.
She went mad after the death of her son.
She is in great anxiety about her son's examination.
She slipped some money into her son's hand.
She puts her hopes on her son.
She is confident of her son's success.
She is very anxious for her son to succeed.
She was desirous of her son's success.
She accused her son of wasting his life.
She cared for her son.
She had to withdraw her son from the club.
She abandoned her son to his fate.
She tried to screen her son from reality.
She left her son alone in the car.
She loves her son dearly.
She has small feet.
She went to school in spite of the pain in her leg.
She was wounded by a shot in the leg.
She got into the room with hushed steps.
She bathed her ankle with hot water.
She stamped the mud off her shoes.
She had been very shy till she graduated.
She was a Christian in life.
She sat surrounded by her grandchildren.
She is looked up to.
She liked him much better than the other two kittens.
She works as hard as any other student.
She calculates as quickly as any other student.
She likes Hiroshima better than any other city.
She ran very fast to catch up with the other members.
She likes music better than anything else.
She watches the other kids playing, but she never joins in.
She is popular with other girls.
She has something different.
She ran as fast as she could to catch up with the others.
She is considerate of others.
She doesn't pay attention to others; in other words, she is selfish.
She was never heard to speak ill of others.
She thinks much of others' opinions.
She is cautious of giving offense to others.
She has not more than yen.
She participates in many school activities.
She was chosen from among many students.
She has many valuable books.
She has undertaken too much work.
She has gone through many difficulties.
She is at most years old.
She's at most years old.
She took the risk, knowing that she might lose a lot of money.
Probably she tried to set you against her friends.
She couldn't come on account of being busy.
She is large, not to say fat.
She began to gain weight.
She felt herself lifted up.
She weighs pounds.
She has lost weight.
Even though she was a heavy woman, she danced well.
She is on a diet for fear that she will put on weight.
She decided to drink water instead of soft drinks in order to lose weight.
She was aching all over.
She killed time reading a magazine while she waited.
She seemed to be idle.
She looks down on people who are idle.
She was dismissed on the grounds of neglect of duty.
She extended her stay by five days.
She opened the window to free the kitchen of the smell.
She is bustling about in the kitchen.
Does she work in the kitchen?
She is neither in the kitchen nor in the living room.
She emerged from the kitchen.
She scrubbed the kitchen floor with a brush.
She grew up to be a great violinist.
As she grew older, she became more beautiful.
She was wearing a men's shirt which did not fit her.
She froze at the sight of the big spider.
She owns a large property.
She has large blue eyes.
She was scared by the big earthquake.
She really likes his wild performances on the big stage.
She has a large room all to herself.
She isn't much of a poet.
She is a great talker.
She has great hate for dogs.
She realized her ambition to become a great scientist.
She got a part-time job so that she could study at college.
She thought that she could become economically independent from her parents if she went to college.
She is an honor to our college.
She resolved on going to college.
She is preparing for college.
She is fresh from college, so she has no experience.
She is an English teacher fresh from college.
She is a college graduate.
She is a college student.
She got married soon after her graduation from the college.
She deposited a large sum of money in the bank.
She lost sight of her friend in the huge crowd.
She was born and brought up in Osaka.
She has a drunken husband.
She has taken a great hold on the public mind.
She aspires to becoming a great actress.
She said she was OK. In fact, she was terribly injured.
She got first prize in the eating contest.
She is an adult, so you should treat her accordingly.
She grew up to be a famous doctor.
She will grow up to be a very good pianist.
I think she was conscious of being stared at by many boys.
She cursed loudly.
She began to cry in a loud voice.
She managed to scare off her attacker by screaming loudly.
She called for help.
She raised that child at a great cost.
She reminds me very much of her mother.
She seemed to be very surprised.
She is very fond of dogs.
She got quite well.
She is a woman of great literary ability.
She's a very strange person.
She is very busy.
She was very busy.
She turned away in horror at the sight of so much blood.
She cultivated her mind by reading many books.
She is another Madame Curie.
She knew it by a sixth sense.
She has many hobbies, cooking, knitting, gardening, collecting stamps, and so on.
She is an old hand at spying on tax evaders.
She harbored the deserter.
She took down a book from the shelf.
She reached out for the magazine on the shelf.
I wonder who she is.
She said to me, "Who arrived first?"
She needs someone to talk to.
Who is she?
Who do you think she lives with?
She has married nobody.
She always acts politely toward everybody.
She is gracious to everyone.
She works as hard as anybody does.
She was all kindness to everybody.
Who is she speaking to?
She cleaned the house all by herself.
She is coy with everyone.
She firmly asserts that she will not sing in front of anybody.
She likes no one and no one likes her.
She likes nobody and nobody likes her.
Whomsoever she invites, she is quite hospitable.
Whomever she invites, she is kind.
She has good control over her class.
She likes short skirts.
She is a short story writer.
She invited us to her birthday party.
She gave me an album as a birthday present.
She found a man injured.
She found a man dead.
She worked side by side with men.
She was not interested in boys at all.
She is very popular among the boys.
She let go of the boy's hand.
She likes being looked at by boys.
She was disguised in men's clothes.
She was dressed fit to kill.
She is only too pleased to be advised by men.
She's good at bargaining the price down.
She was very surprised at the news.
She was amazed to hear the news.
She took the news calmly.
She is seldom at ease with strangers.
She assumed an air of indifference.
She has a high grade of intelligence.
She's signed up for a couple of night classes at the local college.
She did it for the good of the community.
She has traveled all over the globe.
She works as a nurse in the local hospital.
She stays calm through earthquakes.
She is a local government officer.
She favors quiet colors.
She turned away to hide her blushes.
She was not ashamed to ask me a question.
She is shy and talks little.
She is ashamed to speak to a foreigner.
She bent her head in shame.
She glanced shyly at him.
She must come home by at latest.
She explained the reason why she was late.
She excused herself for coming late.
She didn't mention the reason for being late.
She may be late, in which case we will wait.
She hurried so she wouldn't be late.
She was told off for being late.
She made an excuse for being late.
She gave a poor explanation for being late.
She has brown eyes.
She knows better than to spend all her money on clothes.
She tore a hole in her dress.
She is believed to be from China.
She is progressing in Chinese.
She is second to none when it comes to cooking Chinese food.
She is fair, fat and forty.
She is very biased against abstract painting.
She made her appearance around noon.
She is having lunch now.
She's practicing the piano day and night.
She is working night and day.
She spends three dollars a day for lunch and dinner.
She proposed that we take an hour's break for lunch.
She's supposed to be back by lunchtime.
She helped cook lunch.
She finished up lunch with coffee.
She got ready for lunch.
She promised her father to be in time for lunch.
She was in no humor for lunch.
She's supposed to be back by lunch time.
I expect her to come back before lunch.
She was very well before lunch, but felt sick afterward.
Careless as she was, she could never pass an examination.
She was careful opening the drawer.
She has a strong dislike of insects.
She is an outstanding poet.
She tried to carry out her plan to save money.
She did me the courtesy of answering my letter.
She was a girl with finely chiseled features.
She stood defiantly with arms akimbo.
She has been practicing the piano since morning.
She worked from morning till night.
She plays tennis in the morning.
She missed the morning service.
She lays the table for breakfast.
She makes it a rule to read a newspaper after breakfast.
She is getting breakfast ready.
She had better eat breakfast.
She is in the habit of jogging before breakfast.
She is in the habit of taking exercise before breakfast.
She takes her dog to the park before breakfast.
She took a walk before breakfast.
She is a late riser.
She left early in the morning.
She didn't like living in the city.
She won't conform to the town's social patterns.
She repeated what she had heard to her mother.
She observed how butterflies fly.
She sings out of tune.
She had long been learning to play the piano.
She has suffered from bad headaches for a long time.
She gazed at me for a long time.
She has been ill for a long time and she is still too weak to get about.
She had long blond hair.
She dwelled on the matter for a long time.
She was combing her hair for a long time.
She looked as if she had been ill for a long time.
She was ill for a long time.
She died after she had been ill for a long time.
She stood waiting for me for a long time.
She took a long time to choose her hat.
She has long feet.
She has long hair.
She stood on the deck with her long hair waving in the wind.
She recovered from her long illness.
She wore a long, loose coat.
She was annoyed to be kept waiting.
It took her a long time to choose a hat.
She is not accustomed to driving for a long time.
She lived a long life.
She's been having trouble with back pain for years.
She ground down a kitchen knife in the course of many years.
Is she equal to a long journey?
She hung the cage from the eaves.
She wrote a book about the bird.
She is keen on birds and flowers.
She made for the car right away.
She need not have kept silent.
She won't take an airplane for fear of a crash.
She gave a cry of pain.
She is affected with the gout.
She smiled at me as she passed me in the street.
She came across the street.
She was hit by a car while she was crossing the street.
She didn't pass me without speaking to me.
She was engaged as an interpreter.
She has a strong wish to work as an interpreter.
She has a habit of biting her nails.
She used to visit me regularly.
She goes to the dentist regularly, so she seldom gets toothache.
She will do her best to be here on time.
She grows tomatoes in her garden.
She's in the garden planting roses.
She found a ball in the garden.
She planted roses in the garden.
She stood in admiration of the garden.
She planted fragrant olives in the garden.
She seeded vegetables in her garden.
She named all the flowers in the garden.
She picked flowers in the garden.
She weeded the garden.
She was walking along a garden path.
She came into the garden and looked at the trees for a long time.
She has a great affection for her little brothers.
She got her brother to walk the dog.
She was out of temper with her brother.
She assisted her brother with his homework.
She took great pains to get the job done before the deadline.
She scratched her finger on a nail.
She is no better than a thief.
She aimed at the target.
She is used to staying up all night.
She watched over her mother all night.
She looked at her flight of cranes hanging from the ceiling, which her brother Masahiro had hung there for her.
She looked up at the ceiling.
She took advantage of the fine weather to paint the wall.
It is believed that she is a genius.
It is no exaggeration to say that she is an angel.
She is an angel of a girl.
She's an absolute angel.
She won first prize in the exhibition.
Her eyes traveled over all the things in the shop.
She killed time going around the shops.
She killed an hour looking around the stores.
She was injured in a fall.
She fell down and hurt her knee.
She has gone over to the other side.
She made for a rice field.
She leads a life of ease in the country.
She lived a quiet life in the country.
She found it dull living in the country.
She considered him extravagant with electricity.
She turned out the light so as not to waste electricity.
She received the electricity bill today.
She stood there even after the train was out of sight.
She may have missed her train.
She made room for an old women on the train.
She left her umbrella in the train.
She started talking as soon as she got through.
She made me so angry on the telephone that I hung up on her.
She stood up to answer the phone.
She covered the mouthpiece of the phone with her hand.
She asked me whether she could use the telephone.
She used to wash her hair before going to school.
She saw many animals on the way.
She was at her wit's end.
She left the country to get work in the town.
She pictured to herself imagined city life.
For all her efforts, she didn't succeed.
She is going to visit her grandmother on Saturday.
She doesn't have to go to school on Saturday.
She got angry.
She was angry, but she spoke with restraint.
She was angry. That is why she remained silent.
She must be angry.
She broke the dish on purpose just to show her anger.
She turned away in anger.
She fixed me with an angry stare.
She stared me down with anger.
She rang off angrily.
She spit out an angry reply.
She went out of the room in anger.
She is beside herself with rage.
She was mad with anger.
Her voice was shaking with anger.
She was burning with anger.
She held back her anger, and smiled graciously.
She fell down and broke her left leg.
She kept the dining room warm in winter.
She was aware of the danger of the frozen road.
She called me up from Tokyo.
She is looking forward to going to the Tohoku district.
She told me how it was wrong to steal.
She must have been rich in those days.
She let him pay the bill as a matter of course.
I took it for granted that she would come to our wedding.
She has moved house six times since she came here.
She was puzzled, and she ran away from me.
I'm afraid she can't answer.
She sometimes hesitates before answering.
She may have known the answer.
She was up to her eyes grading the papers.
She is sharp.
She has brains.
She appears to have a headache.
She is out of her mind.
She is as hardworking as she is bright.
She is a clear-headed.
She is not smart, but she is built.
She held up her head.
She lifted up her head and looked at him.
She laid her head down on the pillow.
She complained of her headache.
She complained of a headache.
She complains about headaches often.
She's tired from overwork.
She's always on the go.
She went on working.
She is fond of animals.
She wrote a book about animals.
She is gentle to animals.
She spoke out strongly against cruelty to animals.
She kept on writing stories about animals.
She gave up eating meat after reading a book about cruelty to animals.
She made the same mistake again.
She is well spoken of among her own sex.
She cut me dead in the street.
She lost her way and on top of that it began to rain.
She lost her way.
I am afraid she may have lost her way.
When she got lost, she wished she had followed his advice.
She was on the point of laughing at the clown's actions.
She slipped in crossing the road.
She is endowed with a special talent.
She has a special way of making bread.
She was studying drama on a special scholarship.
She killed herself by taking poison.
She has a sharp tongue.
She wears heavy makeup.
She stayed here by herself.
She went to the movies by herself.
She is a self-educated woman.
She teaches reading and writing.
She has a taste for reading.
She indulged herself in reading.
She found pleasure in reading.
Suddenly she had a brilliant inspiration.
She burst into view.
All of a sudden, she began to laugh.
She turned around suddenly.
She burst into anger.
She fell silent suddenly.
Suddenly, she stopped and looked around.
She went inside.
She is shy and always remains in the background.
She shows a shy disposition.
She seems shy, but has a strong will in practice.
She is pigeon-toed.
She comes from the South, as I knew from her accent.
She must be from the South.
She has perfected the art of handling difficult customers.
She made up a parcel of old clothes for the refugees.
She will cope with difficult problems.
She has just turned twelve.
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old.
She brought up two children.
She has two thousand books.
She pledged herself never to do it again.
She lost one of her flesh and blood.
She is getting better day by day.
She got up early so as to see the sunrise.
She is in low spirits today.
She decided to keep a diary.
She put on dark glasses to protect her eyes from the sun.
The sun has bronzed her skin.
She wanted to get away from everyday life.
She wrote the date in numeric form.
She is well known both in Japan and in America.
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.
It is not too much to say that she is one of the best tennis players in Japan.
While she was staying in Japan, she often visited Kyoto.
While in Japan, she bought the camera.
She is familiar with Japanese history.
She left Japan, never to return home again.
She traveled round Japan.
She can speak Japanese.
She could only take Japanese lessons for a few hours.
She spoke Japanese well.
She came to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
She will be the first Japanese woman astronaut.
She used to go to the museum on Sundays.
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday.
She did not visit me on Sunday but on Monday.
She rarely goes out on Sundays.
She used to go to the movies on Sundays.
She makes a point of going to church on Sundays.
She gets up late on Sunday mornings.
She closed the door tightly behind her.
She saw a young man at the entrance.
She has been mending since she entered the hospital.
She is constantly in and out of hospital.
She expected to have called on her mother in hospital.
She made out the application for admission.
She was anxious to know the entrance exam results.
She was nervous before the entrance exam.
She achieved the goal of winning the prize.
She is eight months pregnant.
She stopped smoking on account of health concerns for her pregnancy.
She is great with child.
She is expecting a child.
She had an abortion.
As she feels deep sorrow at her cat's death, let her be.
She scared the cat away.
She wants to keep a cat.
She has a cat. The cat is white.
She has two cats. One is black, and the other is white.
She enjoys soaking herself in a hot bath.
She is in bed with a fever.
She was burning with fever.
She played the piano with enthusiasm.
She entered into conversation with zeal.
She was eager to feed the birds.
She is absorbed in knitting.
She studies hard.
She was wonderfully alive for her age.
She looks young for her age.
She tried to look much younger than she really was.
She was weary with age.
She is getting on.
She is kind to old people.
She has to live on the pension.
She is lying about her age.
She takes care of her old mother.
She looked at me seductively.
She wore a dark blue scarf.
She was wearing dark brown shoes.
She looks like a farmer's wife.
She would have liked to peep in, but could not do such a thing.
She is a temp.
She got rattled by the stupid question.
She seemed so much at ease in the saddle.
She had a picture taken with an actor.
She was a tall, slender blonde.
She is growing tall.
She's too short to reach the top.
She was too short to see over the fence.
She was a tall, thin girl with long, soft brown hair.
She wears high heels to make herself look taller.
She seemed surprised to hear her name called from behind.
She is carrying a backpack on her back.
She has gone shopping.
She is all for going shopping.
She went shopping.
Whenever she goes shopping, she ends up buying more than she can afford.
She may have gone out to do some shopping.
She concealed the fact that she used to be a salesgirl.
She received a doctor's degree.
She went by cab to the museum.
She dyed her white skirt red.
She wore a white dress.
She embroidered her initials on a white handkerchief.
She had white shoes on.
She is dressed in white.
She had a white book under her arm.
She is attractive when she is dressed in white.
She handed in a blank test.
She's of the Caucasian race.
She sat just behind the seats for whites, and then refused to give up her seat to a white passenger who got on the bus after her.
She is as beautiful as Snow White.
She is in good circumstances with a large fortune.
She has a large fortune to herself.
She took off the lid of the box.
She put the lid on the box.
She didn't expose her skin to the sun.
She watched the gardens grow, and she watched the apples turn red and ripen.
She is brushing her hair.
She had her hair cut short.
She keeps her hair in curls.
She combed her hair and bound it with a ribbon.
She rubbed her hair with a towel.
She wears her hair in a bun.
She went to the hairdresser's to have her hair done.
She wanted to have her hair cut, but her mother wouldn't let her.
She looks cute with her hair short.
She stood still with her hair flying in the wind.
She stood at the door, her hair blown by the wind.
She stood on the beach with her hair waving in the wind.
She is doing her hair simply.
Her hair style makes her look younger than her age.
She complained about the sentence.
She was only half alive.
She applied for a job as a saleswoman.
She was thrilled with his presence.
She is likely to refuse to follow his advice, because she doesn't like him.
She received the letter to the effect that he would soon be back.
It made her jealous to see him walking with another girl.
She ran her eyes over the letter from him.
She read his letter again and again.
She had no sooner read his letter than she tore it up.
She was longing to hear from him.
She got a present from her boyfriend.
She doesn't seem to be able to catch on to what he is saying.
She was impatient for him to return.
She wondered at the sudden change of his mind.
All she could do was watch him walk away.
She loved him all the better for his faults.
She made it clear that she didn't like him.
She was surprised at his appearance.
She went on working till he called her.
She stood by him whenever he was in trouble.
She was afraid of his having an accident.
She seemed to take it for granted that he should go his own way.
She said she feared that he might fail.
She accused him of stealing her car.
She thought he might be feeling lonely and forgotten.
She told me his name after he had left.
She was satisfied that he was honest.
When she saw the lengths he'd gone to to get all dressed up, she couldn't help letting a brief chuckle escape.
She was jealous when he talked to another girl.
She criticized him for being late.
She expects him to show up on Saturday afternoon.
She went into ecstasies about the ring he had bought her.
It had never occurred to her that he would be punished.
She accused him of being inattentive to her.
She ignored the fact that he is ill.
She said he was sick in bed, which was not true.
She was an excellent spouse who stood by him through poverty.
She declared him to be dishonest.
She presumes him to be innocent.
She helped him in the belief that he was innocent.
She cherishes the hope that he will return.
She cursed him for forgetting his promise.
She disapproved of him coming.
She had no intention to quarrel with him.
She enjoyed talking with him.
She told him once and for all that she would not go to the movies with him.
She looks happiest when she is with him.
She went to the park with him.
Did she come with him?
She is always ready to meet him halfway when she has an argument with him.
She married him.
She has been married to him for two years.
I wonder if she will marry him.
She is reluctant to marry him.
She has broken with him.
She is as intelligent as he.
She tried to make friends with him.
She had something to talk over with him.
She asked him to sit down.
She warned him not to go alone.
She met him three years ago.
When did she promise to meet him?
She has done him many kindnesses.
She made a delicious meal for him.
She asked him to carry her bag.
She asked him to mail that letter.
She made a new suit for him.
She bought him a sweater.
She begged him not to go there.
She gave him the money.
She urged him to do the job.
She gave him the car.
She suggested that he try it.
She gave it to him.
He loved her very much.
She is hard on them.
She lost to him in tennis.
She is all in all to him.
She is nothing to him.
She bobbed at him.
She set him to chopping wood.
She did well by him.
She is loved by him.
She told him to keep away from bad friends.
She read one poem to him.
She whispered something into his ear.
She didn't know what to say to him.
She begged him to send her home.
She felt happy to see him.
She got a false impression of him.
She hinted that she would like him to leave.
She threw a suspicious glance at him.
She tried to keep away from him.
She loves him all the more because he has faults.
She handed out a key to him.
She retorted against him.
She knows better than to answer back to him.
She talks to him as if he were a child.
She gave him a necktie which was completely to his taste.
She advised him not to use too much sugar.
She was looking forward to seeing him again.
She is looking forward to seeing him again.
She attended on him.
She asked him to raise the funds.
She gave him a watch.
She advised him to use a bicycle.
She felt regret for having been rude to him.
She pleaded with him not to disturb her.
She applied to him for help.
She encouraged him to write a novel.
She advised him not to eat too much.
She gave him money as well as food.
She gave him a tour of the new factory for me.
She thanked him with all her heart.
She wrote him a friendly letter, and thanked him for his help.
She didn't let him touch her baby.
She asked him to open the window.
She testified against him.
She filed a suit for divorce against him.
She concealed the change in her feelings toward him.
She got so angry with him that she came very close to hitting him on the cheek.
She informed him of her arrival.
She told her troubles to him.
She was unkind to him.
She made believe that she had not heard him.
She reached against oppression.
She put him under a spell.
She gave him her name and telephone number.
She laid a blanket over him.
She cocked an eye at him.
She gave him a tender kiss.
She turned away for fear he see her tears.
She turned her head away, lest he should see her tears.
She is said to be in love with him.
She has twice as many books as he has.
She borrowed his idea.
She is likely to refuse to follow his advice, because she does not like him.
She will make him a good wife.
She will be a good companion for him.
She made believe not to hear him.
She became thin worrying about his matters.
She felt hurt at his words.
She was deeply offended by his remarks.
She knew him better than did all the others.
She cannot recommend him too much.
She is very cross with him.
She went so far as to call him a fool.
She ironed his shirts.
She accommodated her schedule to his.
She thrilled to his saying so.
She stood by him.
She spoke up for him.
She refused to accept his proposal.
She is said to have refused his proposal.
She had no choice but to turn down his proposal.
She cast an eye in his direction.
She didn't tolerate his selfishness.
She is anxious about his safety.
She inquired after him.
She took over the will of him.
She was not provided for in his will.
She betrayed his hiding place to the police.
She rejected his offer of help.
She married him for the sake of his family name.
She was beguiled by his sweet words.
She smacked him across the face.
She caught sight of his face.
She slapped him in the face.
She couldn't look him in the face.
She looked him in the face.
She began to cry at the sight of his face.
She rebutted his argument.
She accepted his hand in marriage.
She yielded in his proposal.
She refused his proposal.
She was anxious about his health.
She leaned against his shoulder.
She is content with his present salary.
He has her under his thumb.
She closed her ears to what he was saying.
She knew better than to believe him.
She got what he said.
She found it impossible to understand what he was saying.
She seems to have been offended by what he said.
She wrote down what he said.
She took what he said as meaning agreement.
She treated him for a broken leg.
She's not his sister, but his mother.
Though she looks like his older sister, the fact is that she is his mother.
She is happy to have conceived a baby by him.
She shed crocodile tears over his death.
She was disgusted at his persistence.
She is his real mother.
She guaranteed his debts.
She stepped forward to shake his hand.
She tore his letter to pieces.
She wrapped her arms around his neck.
She knew neither his address nor his phone number.
She was impatient to know his address.
She will probably refuse to follow his advice, because she doesn't like him.
She took care of his wound.
She turned down his invitation.
She was completely taken in by his smile.
She betrayed his trust.
She debated about his offer.
She refused his offer.
She took up his offer.
She accepted his offer.
She had the wind of his true intentions.
She was taken in by his gentlemanly appearance.
She loves him for what he is, not for what he has.
She was very annoyed with his nerve.
She turned around when she heard his voice.
She cherished his old love letters.
She knew better than to smoke a cigarette in his presence.
She immediately blushes in his presence.
She accepted his gift.
She is very anxious about his health.
She may not like his attitude.
She regretted that she had not followed his advice.
She dropped her handkerchief on purpose to draw his attention.
She was very surprised at his sudden defiant attitude.
She has as many books again as he.
She interpreted his remarks as a threat.
She will perceive his irony.
She made an allusion to his misconduct.
She asked after his father.
His room is kept clean by her.
She laughed at the sight of his hat.
She reached out for his hat.
She couldn't do with his rude behavior.
She got angry at his rude behavior.
She believes that he is innocent.
She is annoyed at his ignorance.
She could no longer put up with his insulting words.
She couldn't put up with his rudeness any more.
She rested on his promise.
She thanked him for his helpful advice.
She boiled over with rage at his betrayal.
She was mortified by his frank remark.
She lives next door to him.
She slid into the seat next to him.
She hung on to his arm as they walked.
She said he would be back right away.
She is not as tall as he.
She is five years his junior.
She is a good deal older than he.
She is a more proficient leader than he is.
She sang better than he.
She refused to do what they wanted.
She had a happy time with them.
She is hard on him.
She fed them with hamburgers.
She gave them some apples.
She asked them to take their shoes off.
She bowed in acknowledgment of their applause.
She took the trouble to find a home for them.
She feels at ease in their home.
She endeavored to live up to their expectations.
She was gaping at their quarrel.
She was aware of their hostile feelings toward her.
She said that they were good friends of hers.
She wanted to help them.
She extended a warm welcome to them.
She kept him waiting half an hour.
Her eyes anchored on him.
She abetted him in escaping from prison.
She cast a glance at him.
She thinks the world of him.
She blandished him out of his black mood.
She insisted that he be invited to the party.
She described him as handsome.
She engaged him as a programmer.
She made a man of him.
She wants to keep him at a distance.
She looked askance at him.
She looks upon him as a benefactor.
She regarded him as stupid.
She tried in vain to please him.
She despised him.
She felt an aversion to him.
The sight of him was hateful to her.
No sooner had she found him than she burst into tears.
She made him happy.
She wondered whether she should let him go or not.
She identified him as the murderer.
She looks on him as her master.
She regards him as her master.
She gave him a good kick.
She needs to help him.
She denounced him to the police as a murderer.
Far from blaming him, she gave him a reward.
She turned up her nose at him.
She sued him for damages.
She doesn't hate him. In fact, she loves him.
She thinks highly of him.
She mixed him up with someone else.
She described him as a detective.
She kept him waiting for a long time.
She flashed him her angry eyes.
She wanted to spare him embarrassment.
She ignored him, which proved unwise.
She called him by name.
She thought of him as her lifesaver.
Him alone did she love and nobody else did she care about.
She called her bear Ted.
She is concerned about her health.
She is just as charming as her sister.
She unburdened her heart to her friends.
She is concerned about her mother's health.
She has to look after her mother.
She is no less slender than her sister is.
She calls her sister Mina-chan.
She doesn't like to sing a sad song.
She looks sorrowful and forlorn.
She looks sad.
She looked sad.
She wore a sad expression.
She looked sadly at me.
She abandoned herself to grief.
She spent her later life with a hidden sorrow.
She kept her sorrow in her bosom.
She has a tendency to look on the dark side of things.
She died a miserable death.
She was distracted by grief.
She is dying of grief.
She is very sensitive to criticism.
She was too much fatigued to speak.
Tired as she was, she tried to finish the work.
Although she was tired, she tried to finish the work.
She was tired but decided on walking.
She was worn out, and leaned against the apple tree.
She does look tired.
She flung herself upon a sofa, protesting that she was fatigued to death.
She was too tired to go on working.
She is very efficient in the secretarial work.
I cannot recommend her as a secretary.
As a secretary she is a prize.
She was trained to be a secretary.
She made up her mind to be a secretary.
She did not let me into her secret.
She let the secret out.
She is apt to keep a secret to herself.
She was burning to tell the secret.
She admits knowing the secret.
She wants to lose weight because she is overweight.
She decorated her house regardless of cost.
Such was her delight that she began to dance.
She looks very much afraid.
She contributed much to the company.
Her surprise was so great that she could not speak.
She was quite eager in her studies.
She is not so foolish that she does not know it.
She has a very strong personality.
She is a very refined lady.
She is very nervous and is always ill at ease.
She felt so humiliated that she couldn't say anything.
She was such a beautiful girl that everybody turned to look at her as she passed.
She looks very afraid.
She put by some money for a rainy day.
She sought forgiveness for her guilty acts.
She has an extraordinary ability in music.
She had an unfriendly attitude.
She waved at me before she got on board the plane.
She died in a plane crash.
She was an orphan who lost her parents in a plane crash.
She cried for joy when she heard that her son had survived the plane crash.
She said with a smile.
She spoke to me with a smile.
She took the punishment with a smile.
She smiled and said goodbye.
She smiled me into good humor.
She greeted me with a smile.
She is a beauty.
She is beautiful, and what is more, very graceful.
She is popular not because she is beautiful, but because she is kind to everyone.
She is not only beautiful but also kind to everybody.
She is not merely beautiful but bright.
She is handsome rather than beautiful.
She got a beautiful dress on.
She was not merely beautiful, but also talented.
She picked a lot of beautiful flowers.
She has some beautiful antique furniture.
She is proud of being beautiful.
She has a pretty doll.
She sang with a beautiful voice.
She must have been very beautiful.
She surpasses her sister in beauty.
She is endowed with beauty.
She is vain of her beauty.
She has no sense of the beautiful.
She went to France for the purpose of studying art.
She went to France in order to study art.
She participated in the beauty contest.
She'll go in for the beauty contest.
She is said to have been beautiful.
She prides herself on her beauty.
She's a beauty from a distance.
She is not only beautiful but also amiable.
She has beauty and what passes for intelligence.
She is beautiful, intelligent and, what is best of all, very kind-hearted.
She is more clever than beautiful.
She has a feel for beauty.
She is lacking in sense of beauty.
She has beauty as a point in her favour.
She uses her looks.
She runs a beauty shop.
She went to the hairdresser's.
She felt her knees tremble.
She did not answer all the questions.
She is not always happy.
She practices playing the piano regularly.
She made a point of visiting me.
She ran for dear life.
She told a white lie out of necessity.
She demanded one above the necessity.
She is a poor correspondent.
She is likely to live to be one hundred.
She had the book with a torn cover under her arm.
She came to her senses in hospital.
She was looked after in the hospital.
She works for a hospital.
She was being carried to the hospital.
She came to herself when she was taken to the hospital.
She insisted that he should go to the hospital.
She took a taxi to the hospital.
She has got over her illness.
It took her four months to recover from her sickness.
She was anxious to recover from illness.
She seems to have been ill.
She couldn't come because he was sick.
She seemed to have been ill.
It seems that she was ill.
She said that she was ill.
She said that she was ill, which was a lie.
It is said that she is ill.
I think she is sick. She has a temperature.
She has been sick in bed for a week.
Her illness kept her in hospital for six weeks.
She pretended that she was sick.
Her illness prevented her from attending the party.
She lies ill in bed.
She looked as if she had been sick in bed for years.
She is absent because of sickness.
After her sickness, she's only a shadow of her former self.
She has been sick in bed for some time.
She said she was ill in bed, which was a lie.
It is said that she is ill in bed.
She must be ill in bed.
I am afraid she is ill.
She fell ill, but got well soon.
She must be sick.
She cannot attend school on account of illness.
She was absent from school because of sickness.
She was absent from school owing to sickness.
She could not come because she was ill.
She could not come on account of illness.
She seems to be sick.
She kept an all-night vigil over her sick child.
She attended on her sick husband.
She made believe that she was sick.
She went in search of a doctor for her sick baby.
She cared for her sick father.
She cared for her sick mother.
She is attending on her sick mother.
She cares for her sick mother.
She resigned on the grounds of ill health.
She was still weak after her illness.
She is poor, but she looks happy.
Although she is poor, she is satisfied.
She lives in poor circumstances.
She devoted her life to working among the poor.
She is a friend of the poor.
Poor as she was, she gave him what little money she had.
She gave some food to the poor family.
She poured some milk from the bottle.
Her anxiety almost drove her wild.
She got sick of the ugly animals.
She is awkward.
She was in a bad temper.
She is living an unhappy life.
She lived an unhappy life.
She seems to be unhappy.
She looked around in wonder.
Confused by her careless mistake, she burst into tears.
She has spoiled her work by being careless.
She was punished for careless driving.
She is an estate agent.
She does nothing but complain.
She began to grumble and then to weep.
She did it against her will.
She threw a disapproving glance at me.
She was relieved from insomnia.
If she was displeased, she never showed it.
She bore up well under unfavorable circumstances.
She was on edge till she heard from her husband.
She is proud of her husband being rich.
She stood by her husband whenever he was in trouble.
She perceived that her husband was unhappy.
She got her back up when her husband came home drunk.
She didn't like her husband drunk.
She couldn't accept that her husband died.
She was in despair when her husband died.
She was thankful that her husband had returned safe.
She had been in the hospital for a week before her husband came back.
She got so carried away when arguing with her husband that she burst into tears.
She shared her husband's fate.
She has legally divorced her husband.
She divorced her husband.
She cooked her husband an apple pie.
She was scared to death of her husband.
She had her husband drive the children to their homes.
She entrusted her husband with a letter.
She stood close to her husband.
She waited eagerly for her husband's return.
She yearned for her husband to come home.
She helped her husband with his work.
She cherishes the memory of her husband.
She was quite unaffected by the death of her husband.
She is grieved at her husband's death.
She did nothing but grieve over her husband's death.
She threw her arms around her husband's neck.
She knows her husband's psychology.
She longs for her husband to arrive.
She was in doubt about the ability of her husband.
She earns half as much money as her husband.
Her husband's illness caused her great anxiety.
She brushed her husband's hat.
She survived her husband by ten years.
She made fun of her husband.
She went on trial charged with murdering her husband.
She praised her husband to excess.
She will love her husband for good.
She was down on her husband.
She employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband.
She dominates her husband.
She is devoted to her husband.
She played a part in the women's lib movement.
She took an active part in the women's lib movement.
She is seeking wealth.
She will get married to a rich man.
She is not afraid of anything.
She frowned him into silence.
In general, she is an early riser.
She usually sleeps for eight hours.
She usually goes to bed at nine.
She is wearing a long face.
She looked at a floating cloud.
She is a loose woman and will honestly go with anyone.
She got a pair of shoes from Father.
She phoned her husband to come immediately.
She was in a hurry to see her father.
She got married against her father's will.
She was filled with deep grief to hear of her father's sudden death.
She got over the shock of her father's death.
She helped her father with the work in the garden.
She knows the news better than her father.
She's going to talk her father into buying a new car.
She is proud of her father being rich.
She cared for her father until his death.
She walked arm in arm with her father.
She knitted her father a sweater.
She was clinging to her father.
She cried at the sight of her father's dead body.
She wanted to have her father's love to herself.
She is anxious about her father's health.
She took no notice of what her father said.
She couldn't make the admission that she had broken her father's watch.
She succeeded to her father's whole estate.
She kissed her father on the cheek.
She attempted to persuade her father.
She was very proud of her father.
She takes after her father.
She smarted from the insult.
She came out of the room.
She complained of the room being too hot.
She was alone in this opinion.
She was left alone in the room.
She installed a new electric stove in the room.
She opened the window so as to let the fresh air into the room.
She went into the room and lay on the bed.
She burst into the room.
She furnished the room with beautiful furniture.
She was locked up in a room.
She closed all the windows in the room.
She kept walking about the room.
She kept walking about the room. She seemed too uneasy to sit still.
She removed her hat when she entered the room.
She always keeps her room neat and tidy.
She looked around the room.
She went out of the room.
She began to cry as soon as she left the room.
She cleaned the room, and ran errands.
She cleaned the room.
She breaks something every time she cleans the room.
She reserved a room.
She was absent from the club activities.
She ran up to me, her hair flying in the wind.
She opened the window to let in fresh air.
She was absent from school with a cold.
She is down with a cold.
She was absent simply because she caught cold.
She has a cold and is absent from school.
She said she had a cold.
She was absent due to a cold.
She is in bed with a cold.
She wore such thin clothes that she might well catch a cold.
She was subject to cold.
She said she had a slight cold.
She pricked the balloon.
She was looking for a room with a bath, and found one near here.
She went out of the room with downcast eyes.
She was ironing her dress.
She is wearing accessories.
She slipped into her clothes.
She went into her room to change her dress.
She put away her clothes.
She is sewing a dress.
She is particular about what she wears.
She is careless about dress.
She doesn't care about her dress.
She spends most of her money on her dresses.
She cares a lot about clothes.
She lost her temper and shouted at me.
She broke off her engagement in a fit of anger.
She has a broad view of things.
She was walking to and fro, lost in thought.
She came across some old documents in the closet.
She gave her entire life to the study of physics.
She went to Italy in order to study literature.
She is a perfect dream.
She is a good writer.
She lives by her pen.
She was able to answer whatever was asked.
She walked on her hands along the top of the wall.
She is remarkably attractive.
She was educated in the United States.
She will specialize in American history.
She is just a wallflower.
She painted the wall pink.
She stained the wall beige.
She decorated the wall with pictures.
She painted the walls white.
She entrusted her baby to her divorced husband.
She walked away without saying good bye.
Her dream is to lead a life full of variety.
She was busy knitting. In the meantime, he was taking a nap by the fire.
She put her knitting aside and stood up.
She is made to be an editor.
She looked all around.
She was at a loss for an answer.
She didn't reply.
She's far behind in her studies.
Her work in school warranted her good grades.
She went out of her study.
I think she will succeed as a lawyer.
She conferred with her lawyer.
Soon after she became a lawyer, she wouldn't even give her old friends the time of day.
She is bent on becoming a lawyer.
She was admitted to the bar.
She announced her engagement to her lawyer friend.
She need not have brought a lunch.
She goes to school on foot.
She was seen to walk out of the room.
She sang as she walked.
She walked and talked.
She walks.
She has a comfortable income to live on.
She made her mother happy.
She made my mother take care of the baby.
She shined the knives and forks for Mother.
She rested her head on her mother's shoulder.
She hungered for a sight of her mother.
She prayed that her mother would forgive her.
She accompanied her mother as she bought.
She assisted her mother in caring for the baby.
She came in company with her mother.
She closely resembles her mother.
She is not anything like her mother.
She is as beautiful as her mother.
She is no more careful than her mother is.
She is a reflection of her mother.
She is very much like her mother.
She is in a hurry to see her mother.
She looks like her mother.
I don't think she takes after her mother.
She really takes after her mother.
She doesn't take after her mother at all.
She is always running after her mother.
She can't talk about her mother without choking up.
She was fond of going to parties, as was her mother when she was young.
She made little of her mother's advice and went out alone.
She shot a glance at her mother.
She was anxious to please her mother.
She smiled at the sight of her mother.
She cried out the moment she saw her mother.
She loved her mother dearly.
She was accompanied by her mother.
She handed the parcel to the customer.
She cut up the cloth to make bandages.
She is busy typing the reports.
She won ten million yen in the lottery.
She was tricked up in jewels.
She adorned herself with jewels.
She was captured trying to steal jewelry.
She proudly displayed her jewels.
She had to part with her jewelry box.
She will write a letter after school.
She stood in the court before judge and jury.
She put aside the sewing and stood up.
She wrote the book about people she visited.
She made herself up before her visitor arrived.
She has abundant hair.
She usually talks about her late husband.
Her hair stood on end at the sight of a ghost.
She put on her hat.
She came into the room with her hat on.
She lost her hat, but soon found it.
She had her hat blown off by the wind.
She called him back to give him something left behind.
She has a great appetite for adventure.
She is full of adventure.
She is a clerk of the trading company.
She is afraid of barking dogs.
She read his letter, with tears streaming down her cheeks.
She expanded her cheeks.
She came here all the way from Hokkaido.
She is from Hokkaido, but is now living in Tokyo.
She walked slowly away from me.
She thanked us for our help.
Whenever I meet her, she smiles at me.
She and I are of an age.
She walked side by side with me.
She showed me great kindness.
She's good to me you know.
She bowed deeply to me.
She beckoned me to come in.
She sent me a long letter.
She asked me if I knew her address.
She sang a song, smiling at me.
She showed me her room.
She must be angry with me.
She is angry with me.
She gave me a hard kick on my right leg.
She is convinced of my innocence.
She was entertained by the pictures I showed her.
She is as beautiful as any girl that I've ever known.
She complied with my request.
She is my dream girl.
She is two years younger than me.
She passed by without glancing at me.
She took me by surprise.
She calls me Kenji.
She stopped our fighting.
She cut a picture out of the book.
She spends much money on books.
She spends most of her income on books.
She was intent on her book.
She turned a page of her book.
She transferred the picture in the book to her notebook.
She mentioned my name in her book.
She has a book under her arm.
She did the book up in paper.
She is engaged in writing a book.
She is collecting material for a book.
She went on reading and didn't answer me.
She likes to read books.
She shut the book and closed her eyes.
She shared her book with her neighbor.
She showed him several books that were on the shelf.
She looks actually pretty.
She did come here.
She is really cute.
She does hate dogs.
She is just such a teacher as we all admire.
She acted like a real baby.
She is a real beauty.
She looks like her mother, I tell you.
She realized that she had better tell the truth.
She is too young to know the truth.
She's acting on instinct.
Because she takes after her younger sister, I cannot tell one from the other.
She bought a dictionary for her sister.
She's as pretty as her sister.
She had to take care of her sister.
She was overshadowed by her sister's reputation.
She deposits 10,yen in the bank every month.
She goes to the movies once a week.
She writes me every week.
She made a promise to write to me every week.
She spends every Saturday afternoon playing tennis.
She plays tennis every Sunday.
She used to play tennis every Sunday.
She always writes to her mother every week.
She plays golf every weekend.
Every morning she helps her mother to prepare breakfast in the kitchen.
She makes it a rule to take an hour's walk every morning.
She makes a point of drinking a glass of milk every morning.
She said that she gets up at six every morning.
She showers every morning.
She said that she takes a shower every morning.
She makes herself up every morning.
She has a bottle of milk every morning.
She said that she brushes her teeth every morning.
She gets up early every morning.
She has a bath every morning.
She takes a walk with her dog every day.
She practiced typing every day.
She is getting worse and worse every day.
She plays tennis every day.
She practices playing the violin every day.
She practiced the piano every day.
She practises the piano every day.
She prepared herself for the tennis match by practicing for hours every day.
She dusts the furniture every day.
She goes to market every day.
She is in the habit of keeping a diary every day.
She plays tennis after school every day.
She takes dinner to his house every evening.
She sleeps with two pillows.
She saved money for a rainy day.
She winked at me as much as to say she knew everything.
She suffers from a chronic malady.
She was absorbed in reading comic books.
She has never been to Hokkaido.
She is attractive.
She is attractive, but she talks too much.
She is a charming and reliable person.
I believe she is a charming girl.
She was a charming woman.
She has a magnetic personality.
She smiled a charming smile.
She laughed up her sleeve at his failure.
She was getting used to queer things happening.
She belongs to the Democratic Party.
She looks sleepy. She may have stayed up late last night.
She was only pretending to be asleep.
She retaliated against him by ignoring him.
She returned safe and sound.
She pretended innocence.
She put on an air of innocence.
You cannot count on her because she's too irresponsible.
She was absent from school without notice.
She was absent without leave.
She was forced to confess.
She could not keep her daughter from going out.
She got her daughter a personal computer.
She could not but worry about her daughter.
She made a new dress for her daughter.
She did without necessities to pay for her daughter's lessons.
She aided her daughter in dressing.
She acquainted her daughter with classical music.
She wants to marry her daughter to a doctor.
She makes a boasts of her daughter.
She gave a tea party with the intention of introducing her daughter to her friends.
She has married a nobody.
She made a good speech.
She changed her name to Ann.
She didn't give me her name.
She was unwilling to tell her name.
She comes from a good family.
She comes of a good family.
She was born in the purple.
She saved the drowning child at the risk of her own life.
She risked her life to protect her child.
She turned on the light.
She turned off the lights.
She is certainly above forty.
It's obvious that she doesn't care about us.
She is a beauty, admittedly, but she has her faults.
She is evidently sick.
Her face lit up.
She may not come here tomorrow.
She went in search of her lost child.
She searched about for her lost boy.
She seldom sings, but I think she will tonight.
She was minutely examined.
She called her husband names to his face.
She is knitting a sweater.
She had to part with her fur coat.
She doesn't like to use a writing brush.
She wrapped herself in a blanket.
She is collecting on behalf of the blind.
She went blind.
She set up an association to help blind people.
She dared to walk the tightrope without a net.
She fell from the tree.
She was sitting under a tree.
She is good at climbing up a tree.
She hung up in silence.
She went out of the room in silence and closed the door.
She kept on talking after I asked her to stop.
She woke from her slumber.
She was waving good-bye, with her eyes full of tears.
There was a look of appeal in her eyes.
She accepted his proposal, with her eyes full of tears.
She was watching TV with tears in her eyes.
She told about the accident with tears in her eyes.
She told the story with tears in her eyes.
She came in with tears in her eyes.
She rose to her feet with tears in her eyes.
She spoke with tears in her eyes.
She has attractive eyes.
She sat there silently with tears in her eyes.
She rubbed her eyes.
She kept her eyes off.
She lay on the bed with her eyes open.
When she awoke, she felt terribly cold.
She gazed with wide eyes.
She listened to me with her eyes shining.
She came running with her eyes shining.
She came in with her eyes shining.
She talked, with her eyes shining.
She looked for her ring with her eyes wide open.
She lay still with her eyes closed.
She was sitting there with her eyes closed.
She lay on a sofa with her eyes closed.
She gained her end.
She made efforts to accomplish the purpose.
She has fine features.
She is gaining in weight.
She is very fond of standing out.
She said that she would come back again, which was a lie.
She didn't have much difficulty finding out the answer to the problem.
She was afraid of the dog at the gate.
She crouched down by the gate.
She pulled her car up at the gate.
She shouldn't go out by herself at night.
She attends school at night.
She is in the habit of keeping late hours.
She is used to staying up late.
She'd spent half the night with her head down the toilet throwing up.
She doesn't like baseball very much.
She chatted with her friends about the baseball game.
She lives on vegetables and brown rice.
She was consumed with ambition.
I thought she'd be useful, but as it is, we'd be better off without her.
In about minutes she made up her face.
She came an hour beyond the appointed time.
She will not stick to her word.
She failed to keep her promise.
She was faithful to her promise.
She accused him of having broken his word.
She is sincere in her promise.
She is not a woman to break her promise.
She must have forgotten the promise.
She looked dazed with the drug.
She kept all medicine away from children.
She laughed a merry laugh.
She has taken to painting in oils.
She spoke in a gentle voice.
She spoke with a soft voice.
She embraced her brother warmly.
She is graceful.
I found her graceful.
She is a brilliant scholar and is everywhere recognized as such.
She is an excellent student.
She graduated with honors.
She was brave.
She was brave and cheerful, and always made little of her troubles.
She had the courage to say it.
She held her head up bravely.
She behaved with a great courage.
She came in company with her friends.
She was laughed at by her friends.
She was deceived by a friend.
She fell in love with her friend's brother.
She made a wonderful speech at her friend's wedding reception.
She went to the door to welcome her friends.
She invited her friends to dinner.
She went off with her friends.
She doesn't have any friends.
She's loved by her friends.
She passed the test at the expense of her social life.
She is more of an acquaintance than a friend.
She took a ten-day trip to Europe with her friends.
She became reconciled with her friend.
She felt quite worn out after arguing with friends.
She accompanied her friend to the concert.
She is looked up to by her friends.
She imposes on her friends too often.
She's determined to get back at her friend for stabbing her in the back.
She asked after her friend.
She took her friend's help for granted and wasn't really grateful for it.
She is hungry for friends.
She looked for her friends but found none.
She looks as if she had seen a ghost.
She was amazed at the sight of the ghost.
She felt blue.
She fell prey to melancholy.
She sometimes goes into a mood of depression.
She majors in organic chemistry.
She took advantage of her paid vacation and went skiing.
She is an efficient and reliable assistant.
She has a job with good prospects.
She was trained as a violinist under a famous musician.
She is a noted singer.
She missed her chance to see the famous singer.
She was beside herself with joy when she met the famous singer.
She sat for a famous painter.
I hear she's a famous actress.
For all her wealth, she is not happy.
She's neither rich nor famous.
She came from a wealthy family and received a good education.
She lives in abundance.
She gave way to temptation.
She gave way to the temptation to buy the jewel.
She will be late for dinner.
She's got to get ready for dinner.
She freshened herself up before supper.
She is accustomed to doing her homework before dinner.
She had some cookies to stay her hunger until dinner.
She accepted my invitation to have dinner with me.
She is busy cooking dinner.
She started doing her homework right after dinner.
She cleared the table of the dishes after dinner.
She left the table after dinner.
She studied Japanese after dinner.
After supper, she cleared the table.
She became drowsy after supper.
She always practices the piano before dinner.
She made it a habit to take a walk before dinner.
She was so scared that she couldn't speak.
She just kept her distance from him.
She spends her leisure time making dolls.
She has taken up knitting in her spare time.
Her days are numbered.
She finished her exercises in the given time.
She is too young to go to school.
She acted the part of a fairy.
She solved the problem with ease.
I expect her to pass the examination easily.
She could solve the problem with ease.
She takes pride in her good looks.
She could divert herself from the anxieties.
She selected a blue dress from the wardrobe.
She spends much money on dresses.
She is extreme in her taste in clothes.
She has all her suits made to order.
She scarcely goes out except on business.
She is, in brief, a chatterbox.
She wrote down the name and address as requested.
She leaped for joy.
She felt like dancing.
She was seen to dance.
She succeeded in getting what she wanted.
She tried to get whatever she wanted.
It isn't likely that she will come.
She turned on her charm for everyone who was there.
She charmed everyone present.
She may not come.
I don't think that she will come.
She didn't show up.
She did come, but didn't stay long.
Whenever she comes, she brings us presents.
Will she come?
I expect to come.
I think that she will come.
She cabled us that she was coming.
You can reasonably expect her to come.
She can wait till the cows come home but he'll never come back.
She said he would be sixteen next month.
She will arrive in Tokyo at the beginning of next month.
I hear she is going to get married next month.
She goes in for the examination next month.
She may have to quit her job next month.
She leaves for Tokyo next month.
She will start her maternity leave next week.
She will give a party next week.
She is booked up all next week.
She is going to France next week.
She will make a business trip to London next week.
Will she be able to leave the hospital next week?
She will be a college student next spring.
She will be seventeen next year.
Will she go to America next year?
She'll be getting married next year.
She is going to be six next year.
She is frightened of thunder.
She maintained a calm manner.
She became more tranquil.
She tried to keep her presence of mind.
She is always critical of reckless drivers.
She bought a dozen eggs.
She hard-boiled the eggs.
She ran away with the eggs.
She boiled the eggs.
She has no thought of self.
She is a selfish person.
She was clever enough not to be deceived by him.
She is more wise than clever.
She has to study science.
She confronted the problem, which seemed hard to understand.
She knows poverty only in the abstract.
She indicated her reasons to us.
She wanted to get a divorce.
She was at once frank and honest.
She frankly admitted her guilt.
She struggled to get up.
She stood up and walked to the window.
She stood looking at a boat on the river.
She has received a good education.
She was nicely dressed.
She is a slave of fashion.
She is sensitive to current fashions.
She hinted that she might study abroad.
She decided to study abroad.
She asked me to look after her baby in her absence.
She likes traveling best of all.
She returned from a trip.
She is used to traveling.
She is busy preparing for the trip.
She's gone on a trip.
She is contemplating a trip.
She provided the traveler with food and clothing.
She found the ring that she had lost during the journey.
She showed me the snaps which she had taken during her journey.
She buried her face in her hands.
She blew on her hands to warm them.
She is estranged from her parents.
She was well brought up by her parents.
She wrote to her parents at least once a week.
She married without her parents' knowledge.
She hogged her parents' love all to herself.
She went against her parent's wishes, and married the foreigner.
She has a great affection for her parents.
She is deeply attached to her parents.
She accepts criticism from anyone but her parents.
She is paralyzed in both legs.
She put her elbows on her knees.
She held her baby in her arms.
She cooks well.
She boasts that she's good at cooking.
How well she cooks!
She is a poor cook.
She is an appalling cook.
She isn't a good cook.
Cooking is her delight.
Every morning she gets up early because she has to cook.
She is used to cooking.
She made much use of milk in her cooking.
She has an encyclopedic knowledge of cooking.
She is quite ignorant of cooking.
She prides herself on her skill in cooking.
She got a slight burn on her hand while cooking.
She has a strong liking for cooking.
She's thinking of taking a couple of courses at a cooking school.
She can't tell right from wrong.
She'll make a good wife.
In addition to being a good teacher, she was a great scholar.
She thought of the fine autumn day when she had rushed home from school with the good news; she was chosen to be on the relay team.
She behaves as if she had been brought up in a good family.
She looked like a daughter of a good family.
She had a clear conscience.
She is in a green dress.
She was jealous of her neighbor's good fortune.
She is always finding fault with her neighbors.
Her tears burst forth.
She parted from her friend in tears.
She bore her grief with dry eyes.
She told her story in tears.
She is easily moved to tears.
She controlled her tears.
She could not refrain from tears.
She wiped away her tears.
She restrained tears with difficulty.
She implored mercy with tears running down her cheeks.
It appeared that she was trying to keep back tears.
She tried not to shed tears.
She shed tears.
She sang the song with tears running down her cheeks.
She answered with tears.
She was taken in by that fake gold certificate scandal and lost most of her money.
She heated up the cold soup for supper.
She is more shy than cold.
She gave me the fish eye.
She continued to talk coolly.
She didn't utter a single word of encouragement.
She has fine manners.
She majored in history.
She went to the back of the line.
She may have missed the train.
She was anxious lest she might miss the train.
She hurried to the station so as not to miss the train.
She had to stand in the train.
She couldn't stand the heat in the train.
She elbowed her way onto the train.
She's giving herself up to love.
She was disappointed in love.
She gave herself to flames of love.
Has she ever fallen in love?
She searched for her granddaughter who had been taken away.
She made a series of medical discoveries.
She took the trouble to meet her friend at the airport.
She looked after her old mother.
She provided for her old age.
She helped the old man across.
She made room for an old lady.
She helped an old man cross the road.
She led the old man into the room.
She walked with her head down like an old woman.
She shot a warm smile at the old lady.
She began lessons in piano at age 6.
She pretended to be asleep during the debate.
She looks better in Japanese clothes.
She is a bad speaker.
She went on speaking.
Her voice began to rise as she spoke.
She is extremely vulgar in her speech.
She continued her talk.
She has a habit of coughing before she speaks.
She composed herself before speaking.
She was afraid to make a speech.
She stopped talking.
She changed the subject.
She is very good at changing the subject.
She has a bag under her arm.
She had her purse snatched from her arm.
Her arms were wrapped around her knees, her chin rested on her locked hands.
She has her arm in a cast.
She got angry with the naughty boy.
She grew roses.
She has a rose in her hand.
She was brought up in the lap of luxury.
She bore her misfortunes with a brave spirit.
What souvenir do you think she would like most?
What is the Christmas gift we are giving to her?
I had left a present for her at my house.
All my advice was lost on her.
She was about to start.
She's off and running.
She broke the cup, too.
She bought the dictionary, too.
She has grown up to be a woman.
She doesn't understand me, either.
She and hers are all very well.
Is she coming, too?
"Is she coming, too?" "I hope so."
Their envy was directed toward her beauty.
They are pretty.
They dreamed they'd gain the right to vote someday.
They couldn't help being surprised at the news.
They wore identical dresses.
They bubbled over with joy.
They couldn't communicate their ideas to men.
I did not mean to disappoint her.
Don't make sport of her.
Don't make fun of her. She just chugged three bottles of beer.
I called her Cathy.
He gave her a drug to make her relax.
She shall come here.
Don't scold her; she's too young to understand.
I'm going to keep my distance from her for a while.
Let's leave her alone.
Let's put her in charge of that.
We didn't take her on as a typist.
I want to ask her out, but I don't have the courage.
There is no man but admires her.
I cannot help falling in love with her.
Who doesn't love her?
I'd take anybody apart who dared to say a word against her.
We'd better leave her alone.
We thought it wrong to leave her alone.
Don't try to keep her to yourself.
As soon as he took a look at her, he fell in love.
I invited her to go to the movies.
You've got to see her home.
She wants to move out and find a place of her own.
Defend her from danger.
I will do anything to please her.
Being anxious to please her, I bought her a nice present.
I found it difficult to please her.
Go and wake her up.
The idea of surprising her suddenly crossed my mind.
He turned pale the instant he saw her.
He saw her and blushed.
I couldn't bear to look at her.
To see her is to love her.
We have been to see her off.
I have been to the station to see her off.
I've just been to the airport to see her off.
We sent some flowers to the hospital to cheer her up.
To do her justice, she is not plain.
When did you see her last?
I was filled with frightful sorrow for her.
It's pride that drives her.
She made arrangements to get him into a good hospital.
I'm afraid all my efforts to help her will be to no purpose.
I ran the risk of losing my job to help her.
I can't help laughing at her.
We must talk her out of this foolish plan.
It's no use trying to persuade her.
It is a labor to persuade her.
I found it difficult to convince her.
There was nothing for it but to wait for her.
Need we wait for her?
Do you know her?
Who that knows her doesn't love her?
The better you get to know her, the more you'll like her.
I gave her a lift to town.
Send her in, and I will see her now.
Would you mind putting her on the phone?
It was his silence which made her angry.
They made her marry him.
I'll try her out as a secretary.
I must make sure of the fact before I blame her.
It was no use trying to take her to the hospital.
He lured her away from her husband.
He hugged her.
I tried in vain to seduce her.
Trying to tempt her, I gazed into her face.
His vain efforts to seduce her showed he was barking up the wrong tree; she was a mother of two tots.
He loves no one but her.
No one was absent except her.
Her harsh manner of speaking doesn't suit her pretty face.
She's on a roll.
She is not bad in herself.
She has a nice line in self-deprecation.
She's new fish in the pond.
The women longed to climb up the social ladder.
She's a lady of iron will.
She stands out from the rest.
She's off with the flu.
He gave himself up to her allure.
She's on the rolls.
She thanked me for the present.
Do you know when they will be back?
What they told you is not true.
The woman whom they interviewed yesterday has been given the job.
It was heroic of them to oppose the enemy.
I should never have thought they would take such a fancy to their teacher.
You must not go there with them.
I felt very sorry that I had put them to so much trouble.
They don't have an ear for music.
They led me to believe that there was no danger.
Their house is just opposite the bus stop.
Their job is to read the news clearly and carefully.
Their number is great.
Their friendship moved us deeply.
They continued eating as if nothing had happened.
They supplied the war victims with food.
They are always hard up for food.
They talked about various subjects.
They are, as it were, victims of the war.
They are what we call hot rodders.
They all agreed to a man that this statement was true.
They were shoveling the snow away.
They are at war with the country.
They have cherished the child as their own.
They climbed down the tree.
They keep numbers of sheep.
They were watching television.
They will have arrived at Morioka by noon.
They did win.
They looked down on him.
They hid themselves in the shadows.
They added a woman to the committee.
While they don't agree, they continue to be friends.
They accomplished their task without any difficulty.
They looked satisfied with the result.
They left at o'clock, so they ought to be home by 6.
They did not notice minute differences.
They have finished their work.
They showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
They invited me to dinner.
Do you think they will invite us to the film showing?
They painted their house bright yellow.
They fought for freedom.
They shot the film in an actual desert.
They are in class.
They endured many difficulties.
They shed their blood for their independence.
They were separated into two groups.
They eagerly supported his new policy.
They were listening to him, not understanding what he really meant.
They gave him a chance to escape.
They usually shear sheep in spring.
They supplied the soldiers with enough food and water.
They held a special session on trade problems.
They fell in love the moment their eyes met.
They determined the date for the trip.
You ought not to make fun of them.
Both of them are very brilliant.
His own way of doing things is not popular with us.
You should put your ideas in writing.
You look sick.
He came in person.
I really like him, but not his circle of friends.
I can't conceive of living without him.
To everyone's sorrow, the poet died young.
To her sorrow, her only son left her alone.
To her sorrow, she had no one to rely on.
Sad to say, her son died young.
To my sorrow, my father cannot attend the meeting.
Sadly, my cat has gone away somewhere.
Sadly, his dream didn't come true.
I forget sad things when I fall asleep.
I'm sad.
Don't feel sad or ill at ease.
Sad memories always haunt the child.
When I'm sad, my friends encourage me.
Forget the sad affair.
The sad news took away his appetite.
The sad story moved us to tears.
You will have heard the sad news.
I was moved to tears by the tragic story.
Sad as she was, she said good-bye to him with a smile.
In her grief, she burst into tears.
I wear a sad look.
Smiling sadly, she began to talk.
Don't be sad.
His heart was pierced with grief.
Sorrow filled his breast.
I am filled with sorrow.
The grieving woman was consoled by her friends.
She was beside herself with grief.
Grief has silvered her hair.
Grief drove her mad.
Pools of sorrow, wave of joy.
Forget your sorrows.
Why should you be sad?
Do not obtrude upon her sorrow.
Pessimism believes in no improvement.
Let go of your negative outlook on life.
Now that pessimism prevails, the executive will abandon the project.
Tragedy fell over the town.
The heart of the tragedy, as of a short story, is a conflict.
The tragedy happened suddenly.
She all but wept when she heard the bad news.
Hearing the sad news, she collapsed in tears.
Didn't you hear a scream?
A scream broke the silence.
There is eloquence in screaming.
Don't be too sensitive to criticism.
Don't be so sensitive to criticism.
Critics thought little of the play.
Critics may argue that all the foregoing characterizations are very abstract.
Comparative studies are now making rapid progress.
As long as a bear is relatively inactive, and is not exposed to wind, it does not burn excessive energy in cold weather.
Fatigue showed on her face.
I was too tired to care for anything but bed.
I was too exhausted to think, let alone study.
I'm tired. I just want to go on the teacup ride and take it easy.
When you feel tired, there is nothing like having a bath.
When you feel tired, there is nothing like taking a bath.
I'm tired, so I think I'll turn in now.
He said he was tired, so he would go home early.
I'm feeling tired.
The tired boy is fast asleep.
You look tired. Shall I take the wheel?
Although tired, she kept on working.
Even though he was tired, he went on with his work.
Though she was tired, she kept on working.
John, being tired, went to bed early.
I was tired, so I went straight to bed.
Being tired, he went to bed earlier than usual.
Being tired, she went to bed early.
Being tired, I felt like doing nothing.
Since he was tired, he went to bed.
As I was tired, I went to bed.
I was zoned out because I was tired.
I'm too tired to walk any further.
I'm too tired to walk any more.
I was too tired to walk any farther.
Whether we were tired or not, we had to walk on.
He carried on working, regardless of whether he was tired or not.
I'm tired, but I'm going anyway.
You don't have to work so hard if you're tired.
It gone without saying, if you are tired, you should take a rest.
He must be tired.
As I was tired, I took a rest.
There is no point in studying if you are feeling tired.
Since you look tired, you had better go to bed early.
Though he was tired, he kept on working.
Even though I was tired, I went to the party.
As you are tired, you had better rest.
My legs were leaden from fatigue.
I'm getting older and tired.
Are you tired?
What with fatigue and hunger, he fell down as if he were dead.
Mr. Sato collapsed from exhaustion.
Fatigue is undermining his health.
What with fatigue and hunger, he was faint.
I'm looking for a leather shoulder bag.
The skin tightened as it dried.
It is fashionable to have leather chairs.
Ironically it is war that has brought a great many useful inventions into being.
He stared at me with a satirical smile.
My secretary is pushing for a promotion.
I had my secretary run off ten copies.
I had my secretary type the letter.
A secretarial post is open.
Has that secretarial position been filled?
The secretary is within call all the time.
The secretary asked that I hold the line until Mr Williams was free to take my call.
The secretary took dictation from her boss.
The secretary was asked to file past records.
The secretary was dismissed.
The secretary answered me shortly.
The secretary inserted the letter in the envelope.
The secretary noted down what her boss had said.
The secret leaked out.
The secret got out.
The secret seems to have leaked out.
Can you keep it a secret?
We had a secret meeting.
The cat is well out of the bag.
The secret will emerge in due course of time.
Your secret is safe with me.
Who is guilty of telling the secret?
It is the psychological moment to let the cat out of the bag.
She may spill the beans.
Make a clean breast of your secrets.
My mind is at ease believing you'll keep the secret.
Keep the secret.
Don't let the cat out of the bag.
The public servant leaked the secret and he was prosecuted for revealing a state secret.
A man who has knowledge of a secret weapon has placed himself behind the eight ball.
Fat hens lay few eggs.
Fat people generally sweat a lot.
I suffer from obesity.
Rich soil yields good crops.
The damage was held to a minimum.
The damage will cost us a lot of money.
The victims are entitled to compensation for their injuries.
Who gains by the victim's death?
The gross amount of the loss was larger than million yen.
The people for the experiment were chosen at random.
Do you think the accused is really guilty of the crime?
The accused spoke equivocally and didn't want to talk turkey.
The accused is to appear before the court on Friday.
The prisoner was brought before a judge.
The defendant was sentenced to death.
The defendant will appeal to a higher court.
The accused was condemned to ten years in prison.
The defendant appealed against the sentence without hesitation.
The accused was found not guilty.
The accused was absolved from the crime.
The accused maintained his innocence.
The accused proved to be guilty.
The accused was sentenced to death.
The accused tried to justify his actions.
The accused made up a false story in the court.
The accused was acquitted on two of the charges.
We must provide food and clothes for the victims.
Relief supplies were raced to the disaster area.
Have you figured out the cost?
It's not easy to figure out the cost.
That's enough money to cover the expenses.
The breakfast is included in the charge.
I don't care about the expense.
Apart from its cost, the plan was a good one.
Though it is expensive, we'll go by air.
The budget was cut to the bone.
The cost apart, the building will take a lot of time.
The expenses are ten thousand yen per head.
The cost will run into thousands of dollars.
The expense is yen at lowest.
The cost amounted to five thousand yen.
The expense will fall on him.
The expenses average ten dollars a day.
Apart from the cost, it will take a long time to build the bridge.
Apart from the cost, it will take long to build the bridge.
We will lump together all expenses.
Another thing to avoid is to use too much praise.
The refugees struggled against hunger.
The refugees barely escaped death.
Refugees will suffer lack of food, water, medicine and all that.
I don't use birth control.
I'd like to have an intra-uterine device.
I use birth control.
I couldn't find my non-virtual address book until only a few minutes ago.
Non-smokers are rallying behind the new anti-smoking law.
We are concerned about the further actualization of current problems among youth, such as truancy, dislike of school and lack of appropriate character development.
Strong measures should be taken against wrong doers.
The irrational conversation continued.
It was such a nice joke that everybody burst out laughing.
Much to my joy, I have passed the examination.
He looks very down-at-the-heels.
A most horrible thing befell him.
Being able to smile while in great distress is not duck soup for a passionate individual.
Being very clever and gentle, this dog is a good companion to me.
The anxiety of sellers to avail of prices which look very high.
I am in deep water.
Thousands of people were deceived by the advertisement.
It was such a fine day that many children were playing in the park.
It was such a fine day that we had a very good time.
That was a very delicate situation.
He was so frightened that he ran for his life.
You must be prepared for an emergency.
In an emergency, use the stairway, not the elevator.
Call the police in an emergency.
Where's the emergency exit?
It is he who is to blame.
I had an artificial insemination by donor.
Non-violence is the first article of my faith.
Mahatma Gandhi, the apostle of nonviolence, was born in 1869.
The greater the genius, the longer it takes the world to find it out and understand it.
You shouldn't skip in reading.
Some fish fly.
I can no more predict the future than I can fly.
It is in the nature of birds to fly and build nests.
The universe on the earth is constituted of atoms.
An airplane is flying overhead.
I saw five airplanes flying away like so many birds.
The plane flew over Kate's house.
We enjoyed a grand view of the Alps from the airplane.
Seeing these islands from the airplane, we thought that they were really beautiful.
Seen from the plane, the islands were very pretty.
Small hills look flat from an airplane.
Seen from an airplane, the island looks like a big spider.
Please stay seated until the plane comes to a complete stop.
If planes are dangerous, cars are much more so.
The airplane climbed sharply.
I saw a plane.
We watched the plane until it went out of sight.
It is certain that the plane will reach there on time.
The planes arrived one after another.
One plane after another took off.
I read in the newspaper where contact with the plane had been lost.
The plane flew toward the west.
The airplane fell to the earth.
I inquired whether the plane would arrive on time.
Airplanes have taken the place of electric trains.
The plane exploded and plunged into the ocean, killing all the people on board.
The plane was about to take off when I heard a strange sound.
It's natural to be nervous when the plane takes off.
I was very nervous as the plane took off.
We'll fly there in minutes.
Flying is the quickest method of travelling.
Maybe it's the low air pressure that means you get drunk more easily on planes.
How long does it take to go to Okinawa by plane?
How much will it cost you to go by air?
It will cost you more to go by plane.
Flying is the quickest way to travel.
Are you going by air or by train?
Flying enables us go to London in a day.
Have you ever traveled by plane?
There were passengers on the plane.
That was the first time I had flown.
I don't want to miss my flight.
I hurried to the airport lest I should be late for the plane.
I missed my flight. Can I get on the next flight?
Mr. Sato safely boarded the plane.
This is the second time I've flown.
One of the aircraft's engines cut out.
Airplanes enable us to travel around the world in a few days.
Airplanes enable people to travel great distances rapidly.
You can travel from Osaka to Tokyo in an hour by plane.
We even heard planes.
The plane flew beyond our range of vision.
It looks like the flight was delayed.
Have you already booked our seats on a plane?
The speed of an airplane is much greater than that of a helicopter.
The plane could easily be late.
The airplane is to arrive at ten o'clock.
What's the flight's scheduled arrival time?
There was much activity around the plane.
I will confirm my plane reservation.
You don't necessarily have to go to the airport to reconfirm your plane reservation.
The plane took off easily.
The plane takes off in ten minutes.
The plane departs from Heathrow at 12:30.
The plane took off one hour behind time.
The plane flew at an altitude of 3,meters.
The plane will arrive at the airport thirty minutes late.
The plane came in minutes late.
The plane landed at o'clock to the minute.
The plane took off at seven.
The airplane arrived at 9:to the minute.
The plane will take off in one hour.
The plane was soon out of sight.
The plane had already left the airport.
The plane dropped bombs on the city.
The plane is just about to start.
The plane took off exactly at six.
The plane landed with a bump.
The plane is approaching New York.
The plane was blown up by hijackers.
The plane is about to take off for Paris.
The plane was on the point of taking off.
The airplane soon went out of sight.
Some people say that traveling by plane is rather economical.
The plane was approaching London.
The plane flew above the clouds.
The plane is flying above the clouds.
The plane was lost sight of in the clouds.
What time did the plane arrive at Narita?
Airplanes have made it easy to travel abroad.
An airplane touched down on the runway.
The plane buzzed the control tower.
The airplane was at the mercy of the strong wind.
The plane is due at p.m.
The plane took off from Narita at a.m.
The plane takes off at 8:a.m.
The plane flew away in the direction of Hong Kong.
Does it look like the plane will be crowded?
The plane is about to take off.
The plane will arrive at three.
The plane flew over the mountain.
The plane climbed to 4,feet.
Airplanes are audible long before they are visible.
I wonder if the plane will arrive on time.
The plane arrived on time.
The plane put down at Itami Airport on time.
His notion is that planes are safer than cars.
The plane went out of sight in a blink.
The airplane ascended into the clouds.
The plane landed at Narita.
The sooner you get your ticket, the cheaper the fare.
The plane increased speed.
The airplane was swallowed up in the large clouds.
The airplane flew very low.
Did the plane make up for the lost time?
The airplane skimmed the ground before it crashed.
The plane turned sharply to the right just before it crashed.
Is the plane on schedule?
The plane arrived at New York on schedule.
The plane will get in on time.
The airplane took off on time.
The plane took off at 11:a.m; thirty minutes later than scheduled.
The plane didn't stop at New York.
The plane flew over the island.
The plane flew east.
The plane turned eastward.
The airplane sailed over our heads.
The plane took off at 2:30.
The plane flew out of sight.
The airplane landed on my father's farm.
The airplane made a safe landing.
The plane was grounded because of the fog.
The plane took off and was soon out of sight.
The airplane was just going to take off.
The plane circled the airport twice after taking off.
The plane was about to take off.
The plane took off just now.
The airplane has robbed travel of its poetry.
The airplane has brought about a revolution in travel.
No one survived the plane crash.
Many people were killed in the plane accident.
The news of the air accident left me uneasy.
The plane crash took lives.
The plane crash was only last week.
Some people say that travel by air is rather economical.
How long will the flight time be?
Scarcely had I reached the airport before I realized I had forgotten my ticket.
What does an airship look like?
An airship is lighter than air.
When Tobita gives a plan his seal of approval, the client accepts it at first glance.
Lay up for a rainy day.
It's really unbearable to see him looking so down-and-out.
Ken is the best guy to communicate with Mr. Ogata. That is, if he prepares presentation materials.
Smiles do not always indicate pleasure.
Keep on smiling.
With a smile she dried his hair with a towel.
A smile may convey understanding, joy, or an appreciation of humor.
Minute particles are hardly visible to the naked eye.
Lake Biwa came in sight.
How deep is Lake Biwa?
Lake Biwa is the largest lake in Japan.
The beautiful is not always the same as the good.
Beauty is a letter of recommendation which it is almost impossible to ignore.
Beauty is altogether in the eye of the beholder.
The fairest rose is at last withered.
The emotion they gave me was exquisite, but I could not preserve it, nor could I indefinitely repeat it; the most beautiful things in the world finished by boring me.
When I considered beautiful things I found that there was nothing for me to do but to gaze and admire.
What is beautiful is not always good.
Pretty flowers do not necessarily smell sweet.
No animal builds beautiful churches, plays tennis, tells jokes, writes songs or visits the moon.
That's beautiful, said John.
A fine view burst upon our sight.
A beautiful girl sat next to me.
A beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me.
It's a beautiful day.
We could not help admiring the beautiful sunset.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
It was a beautiful sunny day.
It seemed to me that beauty was like the summit of a mountain peak; when you had reached it there was nothing to do but to come down again.
The perception of beauty is a moral test.
Beauty is but skin deep.
Beauty is truth, truth beauty.
Some say the beauty is more important than virtue.
Mika is no less charming than Keiko.
I'm not much of a one for art.
She went to Paris in order to study art.
Many paintings hang in art museums.
Please put out your cigarettes before entering the museum.
How much money has been spent on building the museum?
Where's the museum?
Where is the bus stop for the museum?
Could you let me off in front of the museum?
The art dealer guaranteed the picture genuine.
Did you go to the art exhibition?
She wasn't beautiful, but she had big, kind brown eyes and a sweet smile.
She's also a beauty.
His beautiful wife is his pride.
He who has a fair wife needs more than two eyes.
The saleswoman queried as she wrapped the gloves.
Beautiful women die young - or so the saying goes. If so then my wife is going to live a long life.
Miyuki set the table for the party.
Miyoko carried a torch so long, I think it gave her heartburn.
Michiko talks as if she had been to the Arctic herself.
Midori sometimes drops consonants.
Virtue and vice.
Miho is a pianist.
Miho plays the piano.
Miyuki has a camera, but she doesn't like it.
Miwako, I want you to meet Kenny.
I have a stuffed-up nose.
Your nose is running.
My nose is itchy.
My nose is stuffed up.
I can't breathe through my nose.
Please breathe through your nose.
I'm afraid I have a polyp in my nose.
It's difficult to balance a ball on your nose.
Don't pick your nose.
I can't stop my nosebleed.
The mucus is greenish yellow.
My nose was very runny.
My nose is running.
I have a runny nose.
You are talking through the nose.
I have a head cold.
Shaving off your beard took ten years off you.
I got a shave and a haircut.
Lay the napkin across your lap.
Bend your knees and look in front of you.
My elbow really hurts. I guess I should go to a hospital.
Take a seat in the armchair and calm down a while.
See that all the items are arranged in a row.
Be sure to fill in the blanks from top to bottom beforehand.
See to it that all the items are arranged in a row.
I'll be there at two o'clock without fail.
Be sure to take the No.bus, and get off at 21st Street.
Make sure that you pick me up at five, please.
Never fail to come here by five.
Be sure to come to me by five o'clock.
By all means, you must come.
I will come by all means.
Post this card without fail.
Be sure to mail this letter.
Bitter medicine will not necessarily do you good.
Growing children should not always be handled with kid gloves.
Don't fail to call me back.
You will never fail to be moved by the sight.
Be sure to switch off the television before you go to sleep.
Please make sure that the door is locked.
Be sure to pick up some milk.
I'll do it by all means.
I'll never fail to meet your expectations.
Please be sure to come on time.
Don't forget to put your dictionary beside you.
Never fail to call me up at two o'clock.
It is inevitable that some changes will take place.
Be sure to fill out the registration form in person.
There is always a next time.
Be sure to call me up tomorrow morning.
Don't fail to return the book tomorrow.
Be sure to hand in your homework by tomorrow.
You must come without fail.
Yamashita is stuck with no way out. His well-thought-out project was rejected and the books he worked really hard on aren't selling.
I don't need it.
If need be, I will come early tomorrow morning.
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary.
Don't waste your money by buying things you don't need.
The money needed will be given at any time.
Keep as many as you need.
You may ask me any amount of money you need.
We need a square table; not a round one.
It is very important to tell the necessary from the unnecessary.
Call me any time, if necessary.
If necessary, I will come soon.
If it's necessary to do so, I'll pay back my loan now.
If necessary, the government will force estate agents to reduce land prices.
I will go with you if necessary.
I'll come if necessary.
Tom said he would draw a map for her if necessary.
He can mask his feeling if the occasion calls for it.
When it's necessary, you can come to me.
He makes necessary changes.
It is aptly said that necessity is the mother of invention.
There is more money than is needed.
Try not to spend more money than is necessary.
Do not hand over more money than is necessary to a child.
Don't carry more money than you need.
There is more water than is needed.
Please hand in the necessary papers.
I have forgotten to bring something to write with.
It is not clear what the writer is trying to say.
The present writer doesn't like such a tendency.
The princess lay with her eyes closed.
There are plenty of bridges in Himeji.
Get off at Himeji Station.
An encyclopedia is a mine of information.
Are you interested in buying an encyclopedia?
The lilies have been beaten down by the rain.
Yuri often went to London in those days.
He died within a few days of his hundredth birthday.
Few people live to be years old.
Few people live to be more than a hundred.
A hundred years is called a century.
It will be all the same a hundred years hence.
More than a million old people are sick in bed.
In high altitudes, people find it hard to breathe.
The sign says "Exit."
The sign indicates the location of the escalator.
How many samples?
There's no ice, and in any case it's too cold today for iced tea.
It is hard to keep our balance on icy streets.
When water freezes and becomes solid, we call it ice.
Because the ice became soft, we had to call off the ice-skating party.
The ice is too thin to skate on.
The ice is melting.
The ice has melted.
When ice melts, it becomes liquid.
When ice melts, it becomes water.
Put an icepack on your cheek.
May I have an ice bag?
He jumped into the river in defiance of the icy water.
An icy chill stole into the car.
It was mad of him to try to swim in the icy water.
What is the temperature of the ice?
The ice is two inches thick.
The ice was so thick as to walk on.
Ice turns back into water when it melts.
The ice is not thick enough to hold our weight.
Will the ice bear our weight?
The ice has melted in the sun.
Ice melts in the sun.
Would you like ice?
The ice is so thin that it won't bear your weight.
The ice may drift considerable distances each day.
Ice melts into water.
Don't be cold as ice.
I want it with plenty of ice.
Will you send up a bucket of ice?
If you heat ice, it melts.
Icebergs had been grounded on the beach.
It's the tip of the iceberg.
The part of an iceberg under the water is much larger than that above the water.
As long as it doesn't freeze!
Please bring an ice bag.
I just got a great job because of an introduction from a friend. Sometimes things happen when you least expect it.
Heads I win, tails you win.
Heads or tails?
Don't go outside. It's raining hard.
Once you get the hang of it, spreadsheet software is really useful.
Judging from his expression, he's in a bad mood.
His face cleared.
I'd like a room in the front.
Only the tip of an iceberg shows above the water.
There are so many fine scratches and dents on its surface, it's no use polishing it.
On the surface the book consists mostly of a series of case histories.
Somebody who wavers between hope and fear over superficial things should not be appointed to a management position.
There are a number of superficial reasons.
We will evaluate them and send you the results of our findings as soon as we can.
The verdict is a tribute to their fairness.
Judging from all reports, she seems to be right for the job.
Live up to one's reputation.
Reputation is what you seem; character is what you are.
Critics are just crying wolf about protectionism.
Critics are coming down hard on tightened economic restrictions.
The critic considered every aspect of the defense program.
A leopard cannot change his spots.
He dreaded having to spend Christmas in hospital.
They took a sample of my blood at the hospital.
To compensate for his unpleasant experiences in the hospital, Tom drank a little more than was good for him.
He was all but dead when taken to the hospital.
It is no wonder that some people feel anxiety at the thought of walking into a hospital.
Hospital doctors don't go out very often as their work takes up all their time.
What's that building at the back of the hospital?
Has the sick child improved any?
Please follow the treatment given by the hospital.
The babies in the hospital have grown up.
The hospital is near here.
The hospital was far away from his village.
Hospitals are very expensive.
I'll accompany you to the hospital.
Please take me to the hospital.
It is no less than ten miles to the hospital.
Will you drive me to the hospital?
Where is the hospital shop?
The disease sheared him of his physical strength.
Sick as he was, he went to school.
Being ill, I stayed at home all day long.
I didn't go to the party because I was sick.
Oh, I was ill.
I've heard you've been sick.
He seemed to be ill.
Whether sick or well, she is always cheerful.
Are you sick? You look pale.
If he is not ill, he will come.
Illness prevented me from attending the party.
Illness frustrated his plans for the trip.
He's sick and was hospitalized.
As I am ill, I will not join you.
I can't sit for the examination because I am ill.
One month after he had become ill, he died.
It is not until you get sick that you realize the value of good health.
You do not realize how important health is until you get sick.
We take health for granted until illness intervenes.
Illness prevented me from taking a trip.
Mr Smith's class was called off because he was sick.
Illness prevented me from going abroad.
Illness forced him to give up school.
Because of his illness, he was forced to put off the meeting.
Sickness prevented him from going out.
Illness prevented me from calling on you.
Illness prevented Jane from going to school.
On account of ill health the writer couldn't go through with the work.
Illness kept me from attending the meeting.
Because he was ill, he could not go to the party.
Illness prevented Jim from attending the meeting.
I couldn't attend the party on account of illness.
Illness kept me from going there.
Illness prevented me from going to the party.
Illness prevented me from going out.
His illness disappointed all his hopes.
Illness prevented him from attending the meeting.
Owing to illness, he could not come with us.
Illness made him give up his studies.
Illness prevented her from attending the party.
She was unable to come because of illness.
Illness prevented her from taking a trip.
On account of illness, I couldn't call on you today.
Illness cut short his vacation.
My illness kept me from starting.
Illness prevented me from coming to school.
Illness prevented me from going to his concert.
Because of illness, he was obliged to give up smoking.
His sickness made it impossible for him to continue his study.
She was absent on the ground of illness.
During his illness, he fell away horribly.
We could not bear to listen to the sick child's pathetic cries.
The sick child sat up in bed.
Sachiko always said: "You'd better set some money aside in case you get sick."
It was very kind of you to visit me when I was ill.
The sick boy is in a critical condition.
I'd made up some story about having to go home to see my sick mother.
Illness often results from drinking too much.
The disease is still in the primary stage.
Sickness often results from eating too much.
Sickness empties the wallet.
Disease is a threat to human beings.
Illness usually has a variety of causes, not just one.
What should we do with people who are very sick or hurt and can't get better?
He did not come on the pretext of sickness.
It is the business of doctors cure disease.
Are we able to prevent disease?
When one is sick, visitors can be rather annoying.
Her courage during her illness is an inspiration to us all.
She was only a shadow of her former self after her illness.
Make sure that the sick are properly attended.
Make sure that the sick are properly cared for.
What does it feel like to be a patient?
It was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man.
The life of the patient hangs in the balance.
I cooled the patient's head with ice.
The condition of the patient is on the turn.
The patient finally conquered his illness.
The patient is holding his own.
The patient is now out of danger.
The patient is now safe.
The patient has been attended carefully by a nurse.
The sick person was rushed to the hospital in an ambulance.
The patient moved his lips slightly.
The patient breathed his last.
Sick people tend to be pessimistic.
Please attach a certificate of quality.
When goods are scarce, sellers have the advantage.
I will notify you of the arrival of the goods.
The goods were sent out yesterday.
The goods arrived yesterday.
The article will be sent cash on delivery.
The goods arrived in good condition.
I enjoy walks and talks on the beach.
The sand on the beach was white.
The beach is swarming with people.
What about the family of the dying patient?
My heart ached for the dying birds.
You should never look down upon a man merely because he is poor.
Don't look down on him merely because he is poor.
You must not despise someone because they are poor.
You shouldn't look down on a person for being poor.
Don't look down on a man because he is poor.
Don't despise a man because he is poor.
There is no disgrace in being poor.
I don't think being poor is anything to be ashamed of.
Don't look down on others because they are poor.
Poverty deprived the boy of education.
You don't know what it is to be poor.
Never look down on a man merely because he is poor.
Though she is poor, she is happy.
Being poor, he can't buy it.
Born in a poor family, he is anxious for wealth.
His poor educational background was not a bar to his advancement.
Don't despise a man because he is poorly dressed.
It is said that the poor are not always unhappy.
You should not look down upon the poor.
You should not fool with poor people.
Don't look down on poor people.
Don't look down on the poor.
Don't make a fool of the poor.
The poor are not always unhappy.
A humble-looking old man was presented to the king.
Poor as he was, he did not borrow money from others.
What if I am poor?
I would buy the car, but I am poor.
Poor as he was, he would not receive the money.
Illness often results from poverty.
Poverty prevented him from continuing his studies.
I collapsed from anemia.
I'm anemic.
Poverty had taught him to stand on his own feet.
Poverty sometimes drives people to commit crimes.
Poverty often engenders crime.
Poverty is still the major cause of crime.
Poverty keeps together more homes than it breaks up.
Want is the mother of industry.
Poverty is not a bar to happiness.
You must not despise a man because he is poorly dressed.
I don't want to be left holding the bag.
When a man becomes poor, the beggar in him will come out.
Don't look down on them just because they are poor.
Don't despise others because they are poor.
Though he is very poor, he is above telling a lie.
Don't be ashamed of being poor.
I'm not ashamed that I am poor.
It was the poor who died youngest.
We must provide food and clothes for the poor.
You say "poor", but there are many degrees of poverty.
Poverty prevented him from attending school.
Poverty is, in a sense, a blessing.
Poverty is a pain, but no disgrace.
Poverty is alien to her nature.
Poor men have no leisure.
You don't have to beat your way.
They love to give parties all the time.
Do it in haste but with care.
There is a little milk in the bottle.
Fill the bottle to the top so as to exclude all air.
The bottle smashed to pieces.
We had a good many anxious moments, but everything turned out all right in the end.
A shadow of anxiety swept across her face.
Taken by surprise, I could not speak a word.
Taken by surprise, I was at a loss for what to answer.
Taken by surprise, I couldn't think of anything to say.
I was thrown off guard.
It was unfortunate that he lost his passport.
Unfortunately, he got his leg broken in the accident.
Apart from being unlucky enough to get ALS, I have been fortunate in almost every other respect.
Unfortunately, Brian met with bad weather.
Unfortunately the guide went wrong.
You can't get blood out of a stone.
It's all but impossible.
The inactive child is far more inclined to live in a world of fantasy.
I'm afraid I'm frigid.
The clumsy man envied her unusual talent.
My business is at a standstill because of the recession.
Depression is a period marked by slackening of business activity, widespread unemployment, falling prices, and wages, etc.
Corporate results deteriorated because of recession.
He said I was his archenemy. How did we arrive at a situation like this?
Even though we're supposedly in a recession, people are traveling abroad in record numbers this Golden Week holiday.
In spite of the depression, the prices of commodities are still high.
After a slow summer season, business began to pick up.
We're in store for a recession.
The unemployment rate went up to 5% because of the recession.
Filth breeds illnesses.
It is better to do well than to say well.
Actions speak louder than words. Stop complaining and do it.
My way is action not words.
It's not fair! I have to do the hard work!
A misfortune befell him.
You should try to forget your unhappy past.
He divorced her after years of unhappiness.
Unfortunately, few passengers survived the catastrophe.
Unfortunately, the food supplies gave out before the end of winter.
Unfortunately she only had five dollars with her.
The misery was too much for the readers to keep back their tears.
Misfortunes seldom come singly.
Let it be on your head!
Misfortunes always come in threes.
Misfortune never come single.
The bad harvest caused massive food shortages.
The drought was blamed for the poor crop.
Strange to say, he did pass the exam after all.
Strangely enough, he failed.
The marvel is that he knew it.
The strange feeling came back.
Strangely, I seldom see her.
We happened to meet again through a strange coincidence.
Strange to say, the teacher didn't scold me.
Strange to say, his prediction has come true.
Strange as it may seem, nobody was injured in the fire.
You should be prepared for emergencies.
Save money for a rainy day.
Impure drinking water can be a carrier of diseases.
If you see a suspicious person, please inform the police.
I have an irregular pulse.
There should be a law against computer hacking.
You must speak out against injustice.
Cry out against injustice!
If you cheat, you run the chance of getting arrested.
He was dismissed by the company for a misconduct.
I allow for the unexpected.
He made up the deficit with a loan.
Carelessness often results in accidents.
Carelessness can lead to a serious accident.
Carelessness often causes accidents.
Careless driving causes accidents.
A careless man often makes mistakes.
A careless person is apt to make mistakes.
Carelessness was looked on as a serious defect.
There's no hope at this moment that the closed section will be reopened.
We're deeply sorry for the inappropriate remark earlier.
By opening my mouth at the wrong time, I'm always putting myself and my pals behind the eight ball.
I agree with the opinion that real estate is overpriced.
The price of real estate has been rising abnormally in Japan.
The real estate industry is in a serious slump, and industry people say the worst is yet to come.
Real estate agencies have many independent brokers.
Tokyo landlords are in a panic because the real estate market went soft.
I had a tubal ligation.
I'm sterile.
I've become impotent.
I was condemned for my disobedience.
We have nothing to complain of.
It does not become you to complain.
There is no cause for complaint.
It is no use complaining.
No medicine can cure a man of discontent.
He puts on a show of being impartial and unbiased, but I think he's just a guy with no opinion of his own.
Some people took hostile attitudes toward the illegal aliens.
Discontent abounds in the world.
I've no complaints. As far as I'm concerned, everything is just perfect.
I can't sleep at night.
I would rather be killed than live in disgrace.
Thoughtless speech may give rise to great mischief.
Don't spill the beans.
The delinquents knocked him down and stole his wallet.
I am afraid it is a reject.
May I go with you?
I don't mean to be antisocial, but I'm tired.
Please blow your nose prior to seeing me.
A good husband makes a good wife.
My husband sends his best regards to you.
If only her husband helped her, most of her problems at home would disappear.
When her husband died, she felt like committing suicide.
Her heart broke when her husband died.
She wanted for nothing as long as her husband lived.
She flared up at the sight of her husband walking with another woman.
After her husband died, her baby was all in all to her.
A lady, whose husband is a famous scientist, came over from the other side.
Compared with her husband, she is not so careful.
When my husband died, I had a lot of difficulties keeping my chin up.
A woman whose husband is dead is called a widow.
Her husband's death has tried her severely.
It is high time we reconstructed new family relationships and formed a comfortable life.
Her husband's health is very precious to her.
After her husband's death, she brought up the four children by herself.
After her husband's death, she brought up the two children all by herself.
She has lived alone ever since her husband died.
After my husband's death I walked around like a zombie.
She took over the business after her husband died.
My husband earns $100,a year.
She said that her husband hit her, but in fact it was the other way around.
My husband is always reading in bed.
My husband enjoys his glass once in a while.
It won't be long before my husband comes back.
Men make houses, women make homes.
My husband is in high spirits today.
In contrast to her, her husband didn't seem to be enjoying the shopping.
My husband was called away on business.
My husband is better able to cook than I.
The husband accommodated his plan to his wife's.
My husband is out of work and looking for a job.
My husband has his breakfast while reading the newspaper.
Her husband demanded that she tell him the whole truth.
My husband is indifferent to his clothes.
The widowed mother had to go through a lot of hardships.
A woman whose husband has died is a widow.
She has gone to the bad since she lost her husband.
The couple transformed chemistry into a modern science.
The couple put their house on the market.
It is quite natural the couple should love each other.
No one in his right mind wants anything to do with a domestic quarrel.
Married couples can apply for the post.
The couple quarreled, but soon made up.
The couple decided to adopt an orphan.
Husbands and wives should stand by each other throughout their lives.
The couple separated, never to see each other again.
The relationship between husband and wife should be based on love.
It's so nice to be by ourselves.
There are many careers open to women.
You must take off your hats in the presence of ladies.
The lady tolerated the man.
She smiled at me with friendly brown eyes.
The constitution was amended so that women could vote.
Where is the ladies' room?
Can I speak to the head nurse?
Despite his riches, he's not contented.
Despite all his wealth, he is stingy.
Do you want to buy the position with your wealth?
For all his wealth and fame, he is a lonely man.
Riches have wings.
They argue that the distribution of wealth should be equitable.
Wealth, as such, does not bring happiness.
Wealth, as such, does not matter much.
Wisdom is better than gold or silver.
Wealth may be a factor of happiness.
Wealth does not always bring us happiness.
The rich grow richer and the poor grow poorer.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.
A mirage sometimes shows up in Toyama Bay.
I had a marvelous view of Mt. Fuji.
I will have climbed Mt. Fuji four times if I climb it again.
How high is Mt. Fuji?
The top of Mt. Fuji is covered with snow.
A snow-clad Mt. Fuji is fabulously beautiful.
The top of Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
Mt. Fuji is meters high.
Mt. Fuji is not as high as Mt. Everest.
Mt. Fuji is fantastic.
Mt. Fuji is known to everyone.
Mt. Fuji was above the clouds.
Mt. Fuji is noted for its beautiful shape.
I can't picture what Mt. Fuji looks like in the spring.
Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
Mt. Fuji soars heavenward.
Mt. Fuji is covered with snow in winter.
Mt. Fuji is the most famous mountain in Japan.
Mt. Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.
Mt. Fuji is higher than any other mountain in Japan.
Mt. Fuji is about four times as high as Mt. Rokko.
No other mountain in Japan is as high as Mt. Fuji.
Tomiko guessed my weight.
The cloth was dyed bright red.
Cut the cloth in a diagonal direction.
Futons are our bedding.
Fold up your bedding.
My futon was peeled away.
Prefectures are governmental divisions of France and Japan.
Because I was scared.
I was terribly frightened.
Do you require a security deposit?
Let's shake the rug.
Rugs absorb sound.
That gentleman usually wears a hat.
My friend usually helps my son with his studies.
I left home later than usual, but fortunately I was in time for the train.
As a rule, I don't drink coffee.
We usually modify our views in college.
Would you like regular prints?
An average American child, by all accounts, falls in love with TV.
The average nurse is entitled to three weeks' holiday a year.
The average man fails not because he lacks ability, but because he lacks ability to concentrate.
Though it is true that every normal human being is able to use language, it is misleading to compare this with his ability to eat, sleep, or walk.
A person with average intelligence would understand that.
As a rule, it doesn't snow much here.
The host usually carves the roast at the table.
I generally have lunch there.
I usually take size eight shoes.
I'd like to rent a regular car.
The local train is less comfortable than the express train.
Now it rises, now it sinks.
His romance was the talk of the town.
No one is free from worldly cares.
The tramp gobbled down the Thanksgiving dinner served at the church.
My father has five brothers and sisters.
I don't know when my father will come back.
My father's death from cancer challenged me to take up research on it.
I lost the watch Father had given me.
My father is dropping me off at the airport along the way.
Would that my father had lived longer.
My father gives you his regards.
A computer game was given to me by my father.
There's no reason why I should become a physician because my father is one.
Father came home.
My father is paying back a huge loan on our home.
I helped my father water the flowers.
I don't think my father is willing to lend us the car.
My father will support me financially.
Now that Father is gone, we can talk freely.
Ten years have gone by since my father died.
It is three years since my father died.
Five years have gone by since my father died.
It is ten years since my father died.
The death of his father filled him with sorrow.
My father made me a nice lunch.
This is one thing my father left to me.
My father stood guarantee for my debts.
My father has made me what I am.
Father has lost his job, and what's worse, Mother has fallen ill.
My father has been out of work for a year.
My father will help me.
My father was about to leave when the telephone rang.
I hear my father was as old as I am now when he came up to Tokyo.
Since our father is bedridden, we take turns looking after him.
The house where my father was born is just around the corner.
If my father had not been killed in the war, he would be over sixty years old now.
My father told me about his experiences during the war.
My father bought some CDs for my birthday.
My father being sick, I had to stay home.
Father suddenly got sick and we sent for a doctor.
As our father got ill, we had to live on a small income.
It has been ten years since my father passed away.
My father has been dead for three years.
My plan to study abroad went by the board when my father died.
Father is busy, so I will go instead.
My father repaired my old watch.
Father vouched for his friend.
What were you doing, Dad?
The father was angry with his son for doing such a silly thing.
Where did dad go?
Do you think Dad will change his mind?
I feel uneasy in my father's presence.
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
Father and I go fishing once in a while.
My father and I played tennis on Sunday.
My family consists of my father, mother, and sister.
My father and mother were sitting under a tree.
My father and sister are carpenters.
I discussed it with my father and decided to change my job.
It's hard for my father to give up drinking.
I gave it up after my father had given me a good scolding.
My father's work is to buy wool.
My father's car is new.
My father's little library consisted chiefly of books on polemic divinity, most of which I read.
My father's company is on the verge of bankruptcy.
But God the only begotten Son, who is at the Father's side, has made him known.
Put it on my father's account.
I was beside myself when I heard the news of my father's sudden death.
I have been to the airport to see my father off.
My father's factory turns out 30,cars each month.
The property left him by his father enables him to live in comfort.
The shock of her father's death lingered on and she didn't feel like going out at all.
He took charge of the firm after his father's death.
He was the only recourse for his family after his father's death.
After his father died, he had to study by himself.
My father's car is made in Italy.
My father's hobby is growing roses.
It was then that my father's reproof had come home to me.
My father's success counts for nothing to me.
My father's birthday falls on Sunday this year.
My father's head has turned gray.
Father's hair has turned gray.
The office where my father works is near the station.
My father's hair has grown white.
My father's hair has become streaked with gray.
It was then that my fathers reproof had come home to me.
My father's condition seems to improve one moment, but the next moment he sinks again.
Father had his lawyer draw up his will.
My father has gone to America.
My father has gone out to buy a postcard.
Father often tells me to keep things clean.
My father does not like the heat of summer.
My father works for the company as an engineer.
My father, who is now working in America, wrote us a letter last week.
My father was, I think, a little drunk then.
My father is proud of my being handsome.
My father is proud of me being tall and handsome.
Father bought me a bicycle.
My father used to say that time is money.
My father believed that anyone who could not make a living in Japan was lazy.
My father is usually at home on Sundays.
My father is busy getting ready for his trip.
Father used to say that time is money.
His father had asked the question the year he was fourteen.
My father went to sea at fifteen.
Father will be back in a few days.
My father passed away two years ago.
My father was completely bald by the time he was forty.
My father is 48, but he looks young for his age.
My father died at the age of forty-nine.
My father achieved that and more in four words, which made quoting Shakespeare as effective as any business adviser could wish.
Father has volumes.
My father finally learned to drive when he was fifty.
My father is in his fifties.
My father is arriving at the station at five.
My father will retire at the age of sixty.
My father retired at the age of 65.
Father got back from the office at six.
At seventy, my father is still very active.
My father will come home at seven.
Father seldom comes home before eight.
My father came home at nine.
My father is as busy as ever.
Father will be at home tomorrow.
My father does not eat much fruit.
My father is too busy to take a walk.
Father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed.
Father always has the tailor make his suits.
Father always says, "Do your best."
My father always speaks in a very loud voice.
My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.
My father does not always walk to work.
My father is always cool.
Father bought me the latest model motorcycle.
My father has been to Australia twice.
My father is far from artistic.
Daddy loves to say funny things.
Father named me after his aunt.
Father ran short of money and had to borrow some.
My father is exact in money matters.
My father sent for the family doctor.
My father is sweeping the garage.
My father ought to have had an operation for cancer.
My father caught three fish yesterday.
My father suggested that we should go camping.
My father had once been in Greece.
My dad bought a model plane for me for Christmas.
My father brought me here by car.
My father used to eat at this restaurant.
Father established his business years ago.
My father has been doing this job for twenty years.
My father does play golf, but not well.
My father used to write letters that quoted from Shakespeare.
My father often takes me to baseball games.
Father scolded Junko for coming home so late.
My father is always getting angry.
My father is much better. He will be up and about in a week.
My father made a long tear in his sleeve.
Father was crazy about the game.
My father slept through the movie.
Father put up the house for sale.
My father has something to do with that firm.
My father holds the major interest in the corporation.
My father was satisfied with the result.
My father must do the work.
My father would often read the poem aloud.
Father showed him into the study.
Father manages the store.
My father played golf on the Sunday morning.
Dad extended his legs on the sofa.
Father does not eat much fruit.
My father usually comes home at seven.
Father mostly plays golf on Sunday.
My father is a heavy smoker.
My father cannot go without coffee even for a day.
My father came home just now.
Father gave up cigarettes.
My father smokes.
My father lectured me for smoking.
My father has just come home.
My father has just come out of the bath.
My father is busy just now.
My father went out just now.
My father urged me to go with him.
Father took his place at the head of the table.
Father took his place at the head of the table and began to say grace.
Father took his place at head of the table.
My father often falls asleep while watching TV.
Father translated the German letter into Japanese.
Father sometimes helps me with my homework.
My father is getting along very well.
My father, who is very busy, has no time to read books.
Father told us a very interesting story.
My father is going to make a trip to New York.
My father cut wood with a saw.
My father graduated from Harvard University.
My father was always missing buses.
Father had his wallet picked in the bus.
My father is proud of being handsome.
My father plays the piano and so does my mother.
My father is a businessman.
My father usually goes to his office by bus.
Father usually comes home at eight.
Father translated the French document into Japanese.
My father allowed me to go to the concert.
My father would not permit me to go on to college.
Father is still in bed.
My father is still ill in bed.
Dad looked at Mom shyly.
My father will soon be forty years old.
My father will get well soon.
My father seldom smokes.
My father rarely goes to extremes.
Father resigned from his position for a better one.
Father will come back from Germany before long.
My father often told us about his school days.
My father often goes fishing in the river nearby.
My father often washes the dishes.
Father used to tell us not to envy others.
My father often goes to Paris on business.
Father roared at me in anger.
My father used to go to work by bus.
My father used to smoke, but now he doesn't.
My father used to drink beer, but now he drinks sake.
The doctor advised my father to cut down on smoking.
My father is a doctor, and I'm going to be one, too.
My father has never been abroad.
Father goes to his office in Shinjuku every other day.
My father smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
Father can swim, but Mother cannot.
My father can speak English well.
My father taught me the nuts and bolts of gardening.
My father gave up smoking.
My father doesn't lift a finger at home.
My father is in.
My father has bought land with a view to building a house.
Father made our living room more spacious.
Dad goes fishing whenever he's free.
Father would often read detective stories in his spare time.
My father carried on singing.
Father is watering flowers.
My father goes to his office by train.
Father takes the 7:subway to work.
My father fixed a broken chair.
Father kept in touch with us by mail and telephone while he was overseas.
My father is now traveling abroad.
My father was in the navy.
My father insisted on our waiting for the train.
My father is out. Shall I tell him to call you back?
My father is out.
My father usually wears a hat when he goes out.
My father usually wears a hat when he goes out for the night.
Father was generous enough to indulge my every whim.
Far from being pleased, my father is very angry.
My father is good with tools and does almost all the repair.
My father has already given up smoking and drinking.
My father has just returned from abroad.
My father works at the factory as an engineer.
Father went to a lot of trouble to prepare dinner for our guests.
My father struggled with the robber.
Father is in his office.
Father decided to stop smoking.
Father will never approve of my marriage.
Father never hits me on the head.
My father supplies me with my school expenses every month.
Father has given up smoking for his health.
My father exercises every day for his health.
Father recovered his health.
My father is not as old as he looks.
My father is in good health.
My father is interested in ancient history.
My father is to arrive in Honolulu at 4:p.m.
Father goes in for the game of Go.
My father complained about the traffic noise.
My father works for a factory.
My father teaches English at a high school.
My father is out in the garden now.
Father has just come home.
Father has never gotten sick in his life.
My father may be at home now.
Father is now busy writing a letter.
My father was late for work this morning because of a traffic jam.
Father reached his office later than usual this morning.
My father is leaving for the United States next Thursday.
Father suggested to go to the movies this afternoon.
My father is in the hospital now.
My father is now at work at the hospital.
Father is away now.
My father is to appear on TV tonight.
My father has given up smoking recently.
Father has recently come back to Japan.
My father took out his wallet and gave me ten dollars.
Father absented himself from work yesterday.
Father was sent to the hospital yesterday.
My father died a peaceful death last night.
My father took me to a movie last night.
My father got home late last night.
My father died when the cherry blossoms were at their best.
Father never goes out with an umbrella without leaving it somewhere.
My father is to go to London on business.
My father sometimes goes to Australia on business.
My father wants an efficient assistant to help him.
My father died when I was seven years old.
My father disapproved of my going to the concert.
My father doesn't allow me to go out with Bill.
My father allowed me to go swimming.
My father consented to my going abroad.
Father helped me lift the table in the living room.
My father said that I must work hard.
Father objected to my going to the mountain alone.
My father seemed to be disappointed I hadn't passed the examination.
My father scolded me for not being punctual.
Father doesn't allow me to drive.
Father let me drive his car.
My father died before I was born.
Father spoke about how important school will be for finding a job when I am older.
My father cut down on salty food as I had advised.
My father hates my reading a newspaper at breakfast.
My father didn't allow me to marry him.
Father went red with anger when I behaved rudely towards him.
My father forbids me to go out at night.
My father was deaf to our opinions.
My father objected to our marriage.
My father is the tallest of us all.
My father took us to the zoo.
My father asked me who had visited him the day before.
My father gave me as much as dollars.
My father never gave me much advice.
Father told me always to be brave and cheerful.
Father bought me a camera.
My father bought this hat for me.
My father asked me if I could get along with the Jones family.
Father bought me the book.
Father asked me to open the door.
My father told me where to go.
Father bought me a motorcycle.
My father is very strict with me.
My father encouraged me to study the piano.
My father doesn't allow me to go to the movies alone.
Father bought me a word processor.
Father bought me a pair of gloves.
Father told me to reform myself.
My father wants me to be an engineer.
My father gave me a watch, but I lost it.
My father bought me a watch, which I don't like very much.
Father got me to wash his car.
My father made me wash the car.
Father told me to wash the car.
My father told me not to read books in bed.
Father built me a new house.
Father bought me a new bicycle.
My father gave me a new fountain pen.
Father made me a model of a ship.
My father asked me to open the window.
My father left me a large fortune.
My father advised me not to be lazy.
My father made a shelf for me.
My father set me the task of weeding the garden.
Father bought me some books.
My father charged me with the duty of taking care of my sister.
Father bought me a model plane.
Father named me Kazunari.
My father didn't allow me to study in the USA.
My father is very angry with me.
My father reproached me for my rudeness.
My father is repairing my broken bicycle.
My father chose not to disturb my optimism.
Father was tormented by my silly question.
Father is anxious about my health.
Father laid his hand on my shoulder.
Father often helps me with my homework.
Father consented to my leaving school.
My brother was the apple of my father's eye.
My father helped me study.
My father caught me by the arm.
My father had far bigger ambitions than I.
My father intends that I should become an engineer.
Father wants to make me a doctor.
My father trained me not as a man or a woman, but as a performer.
My father said he would reserve a day to take me to the zoo.
My father wants to make a lawyer of me.
My father insisted that we should go.
For fear of an accident, my father doesn't drive.
My father can be terribly childish, but he means well.
My father is economical of his time.
Father sometimes took me to his office.
My father drives very well.
My father likes his job.
My father polished his car till it shone.
Father is proud of his car.
My father is very particular about the way his hair is cut.
My father is in his room.
My father always discusses his problems with my mother.
Father won first prize in the photo contest and was in high spirits.
My father was promoted to president.
Father drives to work.
My father boasts of the fact that he has never had a traffic accident.
My father converted a garage into a study.
My father could swim well when he was young.
My father couldn't afford a car, when he was young.
My father must have been handsome in his youth.
My father retired to make way for younger people.
Father gestured to me to leave the room.
Father is busy writing letters.
My father has been in good shape since his operation.
Father is going to undergo an operation.
My father neither drinks nor smokes.
Father stopped drinking.
My father will come home at the end of this week.
My father is an expert surgeon.
Father is out, but Mother is at home.
My father is getting better by degrees.
My father often goes to America on business.
My father often goes abroad on business.
My father went to Hong Kong on business.
My father is absent on business.
My father is a bit old-fashioned.
My father is a good speaker of English.
My father drinks no spirits.
My father will often read the newspaper during meals.
Father used to read me books in bed.
My father has bought a new car.
Father ran through the paper.
My father retired from his job several years ago.
Father is trying to figure out his tax.
My father used to be a strong man.
Father is well as usual.
Father made a long tear in his sleeve.
My father is very tired.
My father bought me a camera for my birthday.
My father bought me a digital watch for birthday present.
My father gave me a watch for my birthday.
My father has gone to China.
My father stopped reading to have lunch.
Father reads the newspaper, eating his breakfast.
My father never takes a long rest.
Father enjoyed a long life.
Father has gone fishing.
My father put a fence around the garden.
My father studies astronomy, or the science of stars.
My father lives in the country.
Father makes sure that the light is off.
My father works for a power company.
Father gave an angry look at me.
My father makes it a rule to get up at six, even in winter.
My father lives and works in Tokyo.
My father is absent in Tokyo.
My father is getting bald.
My father is not always free on Sunday.
My father does nothing but watch TV on Sundays.
Father visited my uncle in hospital.
My father says he failed in the entrance examination twice.
My father likes strong coffee.
My father is tall.
My father is proud of being tall and handsome.
My father died of lung cancer.
My father is becoming gray.
Her father didn't allow her to go to the cinema alone.
My father doesn't approve of her.
My father uses an old dictionary whose cover has come off.
My father got well again.
Being sick in bed, my father can't see you.
Father is away from home.
My father worked hard night and day.
My father usually drinks beer, but this evening he drank wine.
My father usually leaves home while I am in bed.
My father usually watches television after dinner.
I found my father neither in his room nor in the garden.
My father owns a small business in Fukuoka.
My father is always forgetting things.
My father grows rice.
Father is busy putting up a wall.
Dad painted the walls white.
Father gives Mother all his salary.
My father loved me no less passionately than my mother.
Father embraced Mother lovingly.
My father is two years younger than my mother is.
My father loves my mother.
My father is engaged in foreign trade.
My father won't allow me to keep a dog.
Father wants me to study abroad while I am young.
My father had me change a tire on his car.
Father is busy looking over my homework.
My father has a ranch and breeds cattle and horses.
My father is not really in favor of our marriage, because John still has no job.
My father banks part of his salary every week.
My father plays golf every Sunday.
My father plays tennis every Sunday.
My father makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
My father goes jogging every morning.
Father takes a bus to his office.
My father takes a walk every morning.
Father takes a walk every day.
Father keeps a diary every day.
Father went to Detroit to work every year.
Father got the drink for nothing.
He persuaded his daughter into going to the party with him.
My father has lived in Nagoya for years.
My father has lived in Nagoya for more than fifteen years.
My father is expecting you to phone him tomorrow.
Father is coming home tomorrow.
My father rarely, if ever, goes out on Sundays.
My father put a ladder against the tree.
My father has the same car as Mr Kimura's.
My father sat deep in meditation with his eyes closed.
Father set the alarm for six o'clock.
Father comes home from work about nine in the evening.
My dad is accustomed to jogging at night.
Father came home about ten minutes ago.
My father gets along with his friends.
My father painted the mailbox red.
My father sat reading the evening paper.
Dad stretched after dinner.
My father didn't say a word during dinner.
My father takes a bath before supper.
Father makes a point of taking a hot bath before supper.
My father goes to Sydney twice a year on business.
My father will be back at the beginning of next month.
Father intends to go to abroad next week.
My father is going to go abroad next week.
Dad said he'd be promoted to section manager next year.
My father will travel abroad next year.
My father is used to travelling.
My father was taking a nap on the sofa, with his legs stretched toward the fire.
Father is good at cooking. As for Mother, she is good at eating.
I'm looking for a gift for my father.
Both my father and I went to the museum for the first time.
My father loved me no less deeply than my mother.
He failed, to his father's disappointment.
On his father's retirement he took over the business.
He took over the business after his father died.
Now that his father was dead, he owned the store.
He managed the company while his father was ill.
After his father's death, John took to spending his time in bars.
Since her father's death, she has gone through a lot of hardships.
Compared with his father he is lacking in depth.
As compared with his father, he is lacking in depth.
He is the image of his father.
Compared with his father, he is lacking in depth.
The girl wanted to monopolize her father's affection and tended to view her mother as a competitor.
Extend condolences to him on his father's death.
Her father reluctantly consented to her marriage.
A father provides for his family.
My father referred to my friends.
The father carried his son bodily from the room.
His father allows him yen a week.
His father allows him $a week as spending money.
One rotten apple spoils the barrel.
The rotten apple injures its neighbors.
Bad milk tastes sour.
I don't like to see food go to waste.
Some eggs were good, but the others were bad.
Tighten the lid so that it doesn't go bad.
Make the best of one's lot with fatal resignation.
A child on your back may guide you across a ford.
When they saw that they were losing, they gave up.
The defeated team slowly left the field.
Losing injured their pride.
When you lose, you actually win.
Don't give in.
I can't stand getting beaten.
We had to write off the debt.
The injured man lay in the street before the police arrived.
The wounded soldier could hardly walk.
The wounded are getting better.
The wounded arrived by ambulance.
The injured were many, but the missing were few.
The wounded man writhed.
Carry the injured to the hospital.
The injured were removed from the scene.
The wounded soldiers were left in the field.
Feeling himself insulted, he got angry.
Takeshi did come, but didn't stay long.
The export of weapons was prohibited.
It's against the law to carry weapons.
The armed hijackers terrified the passengers.
A samurai, even when he has not eaten, uses a toothpick like a lord.
Keiji Muto is IWGP champion.
I thought that Takeo would pass the exam and Kunio would fail, but the result was the other way around.
Do not resort to the sword but appeal to reason.
Who is the girl singing on the stage?
I'll never forget seeing her on the stage.
Are there any famous musicians on the stage?
The actress on the stage was heavily made up.
The stage was lit from both sides.
The scene shifted to Chicago.
I'd like to see some dancing. Do you have any information?
A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine.
Would you like another glass of wine?
He's in charge of the department.
The division picnic is this Saturday at the park.
The club members agreed to present the seniors with a brooch each.
The room was so dark that we had to feel our way to the door.
Can I go out of the room?
There was a loud noise coming from the room.
Would you like to wait in the room?
Take your hat off in the room.
There're more than people in the room.
I took the liberty of using the dictionary while you were out of the room.
Charge it to my room.
There wasn't a single book in the room.
There are some bags in the room.
There were various articles in the room.
There are a lot of girls in the room.
There were a lot of people in the room.
There is much furniture in the room.
There were none in the room.
Please do not enter the room without knocking.
There was little furniture in the room.
Few children were in the room.
There was hardly anyone in the room.
How many boys are there in the room?
There were four pieces of furniture in the room.
The room was bare of furniture.
The room was locked.
There were a few children in the room.
There were many children in the room.
There were few children in the room.
The room is cluttered with newspapers.
There were a number of students in the room.
There was a tense atmosphere in the room.
Was there anyone in the room?
Is there anyone in the room?
There isn't anybody else.
Not a sound was heard in the room.
Books were lying about in the room.
The light was on in the room.
I've locked myself out of the room.
I left my key in my room.
Fingerprints left in the room proved the murderer's guilt.
There isn't anyone in the room.
You are to shut the door after you enter a room.
She grinned at me when she came into the room.
Take off your hat when you come into a room.
On entering her room, she began to read the letter.
When we entered the room, we took up our talk.
Knock on the door before entering the room.
Take your shoes off before you come into the room.
I left something in the room.
There is a desk in a corner of the room.
They were suddenly aware of a noise in the back of the room.
In the middle of the wall at the back of the room is a large window.
Wait for a moment outside the room.
Please air the room.
There was a neat pile of books in the corner of the room.
The people in the rear of the room could not hear the speaker.
The room has a seating capacity of 200.
I opened the windows to remove the damp from the room.
